# File: Under the Black Cross.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


AD 1212-1225

By Dan Bunce AND ANTHONY RAGAN
VAMPIRE CREATED BY MARK REIN: HAGEN


CREDITS

Authors: Dan Budge (Shadows at Court, A Call to
Arms), Anthony Ragan (Introduction, Ashes of
Outremer). Vampire and the World of Darkness created
by Mark Reine Hagen.

Storyteller game system designed by Mark
Reine Hagen.

Developer: Philippe R. Boulle

Editor: Carl Bowen

Consultants: Nicolai Brix, Oliver Hoffmann,

Ivo Luijendijk

Art Director: Becky Jollensten

Layout & Typesetting: Kieran Yanner

Interior Art: Mark Smiley, Mike Chaney,

Kieran Yanner, D.M. Foster

Cartography: Eric Hotz

Front Cover Art: Steve Prescott

Front & Back Cover Design: Kieran Yanner

©2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-

25 PARK NORTH BLVD, duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly

5 forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character

b SUITE 128 sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,

Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage

A CLARKSTON, CA 30021 the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and

WHITE WOLE USK Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

Allrights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,

PUBLISHING Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the

Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Under the Black Cross, Ashen Cults, The Ashen Knight,

Bitter Crusade, Jerusalem by Night, Transylvania by Night, Transylvania Chronicles I Dark Tides Rising, and

Veil of Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places
and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader
discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION: GOING: BEFORE DESTRUCTION
CHAPTER ONE: SHADOWS AT CourT

CHAPTER Two: AsHEs OF OUTREMER
CuapTer THree: A Cau ro Ars

CuapTer Four: Dramatis PERSONAE
Appenprx: ENDLESS WAR



introduction: ff
Setcnetin }


m= of
~ Da

Wuart Is CINDER
THE BLack Cross?

Under the Black Cross chronicles the further disintegra-
tion of the old order of Dark Medieval Europe, as the vampiric
Long Night comes to its end and a new age of conflict begins.
Where vampiric elders once struggled in painfully slow moves
and countermoves, this new era is one of bold action and bloody
conflict. Where conflicts were once quiet and isolated matters to
besettled between tworivals, they now explode into large battles
that reach out to affect vampires across Europe. Intrigue and
subtlety must now go hand in hand with war craft and daring.
The weak, the hesitant and the nostalgic need not apply.

The scions of Caine come to call this new and deadly time
the War of Princes, and its first major battle occurs in Under the
Black Cross.

PATRICIANS HND FIENDS

The chronicle follows the ambitions of the Ventrue Lord
Jiirgen. A childe and vassal of the powerful elder Hardestadt,
Jiirgen is set on using the burgeoning chaos in Europe to claim
his place as a great lord. Instead of fighting endlessly with his
clanmates and others in the Holy Roman Empire itself,
Jiirgen sets his sights to the seemingly endless expanse of
pagan lands to the east. Moving his court to the city of
Magdeburg on the River Elbe, he announces to the world that
he is to claim new lands.

His first major campaign, and the subject of Under the
Black Cross, takes place in Hungary, where his fellow Ventrue

have suffered serious reversals, and the Tzimisce rule the night.
Using his influence among the Teutonic Knights as a cover,
Jurgen looks to stab at the Tzimisce heart and claim a goodly
chunk of Transylvania for himself. This agenda puts him face to
face with the voivode of voivodes, the terrible general of
Transylvania, Vladimir Rustovitch. Furthermore, it puts the
players' coterie squarely in the middle of the battle.

Many Fronts, MANY BETRAYALS

It quickly becomes clear that vampiric warfare can no
longer be an isolated thing. Jiirgen's new capital of Magdeburg
soon swims with vampiric intrigues, from the ambitions of the
French Courts of Love to the machinations of the Tremere
Usurpers. As the war progresses, moreand more forces come into
play. Longisolationist observersof their so-called betters' endless
conflicts, the Gangrel of Hungary come out of the woods
enraged. In western Hungary, the two lords' agents battle for
influence in the court of the mortal king. When that same king
embarks on the Fifth Crusade to the Holy Land, the war spills
over into Qutremer and shapes the future of the city of Acre.
Knightsand warlords clash on the battlefield. Spies and assassins
move through the night. Through itall, the innocent are caught
in the middle.

Characters who involve themselves in the struggles be-
tween Lord Jiirgenand Vladimir Rustovitch thusfind themselves
inaposition crucial to the future of Dark Medieval Europe. They
have in their hands the means to either contain the conflict and
restore some measure of stability to the fracturing order of the

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

Lang Nightor chossecidesand bring ical emuhinydown ta
nightmare of war and madness.

The choice is theirs.

BITTER CrasAbE R

Under the Black Cross is not explicitly a sequel to
Bitter Crusade, the chronicle of the Fourth Crusade and
theendoftheLong Night, butthesamecharacterscan take
part in both tales. Vampires who feel strongly about the
crusader movement can easily become involved in the
struggle in Hungaryand the Fifth Crusade itself, Those who,
made Tzimisce contacts during Bitter Crusade might also
find themselves on the other side of the coin, working as
the voivodes to bring Lord Jiirgen low. However you
use them, the two chronicles allow you to transition from
the Long Night to the War of Princes with your players'

characters at center-stage.

THEMES AND Moop

Each tale in Under the Black Cross has its own special
theme and mood, but the chronicle overall highlights questions
of leadership and self-interest, the self-destructiveness of faction-
alism and the conflict between the sacred and the profane.
Affairs among the kine reflect a lack of leadership and the battle
of factions as Hungary, potentially the strongest power of Central
Europe, recovers from a civil war to come under the rule ofa king
who is more interested in hunting for religious relics than
buildinga strongrealm. In the Holy Land, the lack of an effective
leader leaves the armies of the Fifth Crusade at odds over goals,
as kings argue whether to attack Jerusalem or the Muslim
stronghold in Egypt. Their failure leads to a useless campaign in
the Nile Delta and buys only a few more years of life for the
shrinking Crusader Kingdom.

The Cainite world mirrors these themes. Lord Jiirgen's ambi-
tions to expand into Eastern Europe bring him into conflict with
the Tzimisce and Gangrel who are already there, while Myca
Vykos and his patron, the Dracon, manipulate them all. None see
the broad tapestry; none see how their internecine struggles
threaten all of their unlives. If the characters embrace this theme,
they will have the chance to exercise the leadership that their so-
called betters so sorely lack.

The mood of this chronicle is one of swirling confusion and
accelerating threat and violence. Hints come in the intrigues at
Jiirgen's court in Magdeburg, growing more open in the factional
struggles at Acre, and finally burst forth in the final battles in
Hungary. As Storyteller, keep these themes and moods in mind
as you and the players weave the chronicle, bringing them back
every so often to retain the drama's thematic unity.

OUTLINE

Under the Black Cross contains three main stories. The first
and the last detail the dramatic events in the German city of
Magdeburg and southeastern Hungary, while the second presents
an interlude in the Kingdom of Jerusalem and Acre that ties the
Fifth Crusade in with events back in Europe. If this is to be part of


alargerchronicle, then you can easily interweave your own events
andstoriesamong the three chapters. If youare playingonly ashort
chronicle with Under the Black Cross as its focus, or wish only
touse individual stories, then the chapters are easily separated for
your convenience.

Chapter One: Shadows at Court finds Cainites and their
servitors gathering in Magdeburg in 1211, at the court of Lord
Jiirgen, a powerful Ventrue prince tied to the Teutonic Knights.
Here, he announces his plans to expand his influence into
Hungary, where King Andras II has invited the order to guard his
Transylvanian borderand convert the local population to Chris-
tianity. Jiirgen holds a great fete, and the coterie is among those
who pay homage to him. They have their first taste of the
factional politics of Cainite Central Europe as the Gangrel
disrupt the proceedings and the Tzimisce Voivode Rustovitch
makes his initial challenges to Jiirgen. Other intrigues grip the
court as well, as parties unknown steal the gift of the Courts of
Love, the symbol of their esteem for Jiirgen. By solving the
mystery, the coterie can gain powerful allies, patrons and en-
emies for the future.

Chapter Two: Ashes of Outremer takes the coterie to the
Levant in 1217 as part of the Fifth Crusade, an attempt to break
the power of the Islamic Empire by seizing Egypt (thus making
the Muslim hold on Jerusalem untenable). The Cainites first
arrive in Acre, where they discover that the city is barred to them
by a mysterious aura. No vampire may enter without facing
certain destruction. When the aura suddenly vanishes, the
charactersare thrust into the complicated politics of the Cainite
Middle East as the local prince's throne is threatened and
factions struggle for power. Others, including mortals infused
with apocalyptic zeal, fight over the fragment of the True Cross,
which is said to be the source of the aura. The choices that the
characters make help determine the fate of Acre and into whose
hands the holy relic falls.

Chapter Three: A Call to Arms brings the coterie to
Hungary in 1225 for the chronicle's climax. King Andras has
withdrawn his support from the Teutonic Knights, and both
Jigen and Rustovitch know that the final battle is at hand.
Although they are disciplined and powerful, Jiitgen's forces have
the worst of it and are forced back into a dangerous position that
brings about an intervention by the powerful Gangrel, Morrow.
The coterie can play a central role in this conflict, either
choosing one side or the other, oraiding the subtle plans of Myca
Vykos to gain his own territory in the lands over which Jiirgen
and Rustovitch are fighting.

Chapter Four: Dramatis Personae details the many actors
in Under the Black Cross. It provides game statistics for those
who are most likely to cross the players' characters' paths in
important ways.

Appendix: Endless War provides advice to the Storyteller,
from ways to introduce the players to the chronicle to stories to
tell in between the major chapters. It also presents option for
continuing the chronicle beyond the end of the book, with
suggestions of future developments.

Lorps HND LapiEs OF THE NIGHT

Under the Black Cross features many of the leading
vampires of Dark Medieval Europe. The players' characters
temain the key actors in the drama, but they have a chance to

Sources

While Under the Black Cross is a chronicle of horror
and dark fantasy, it is firmly rooted in the history of real
regions and peoples. Storytellers who wish to delve more
deeply can consult the following sources. Each of them
served in the design of Under the Black Cross.

Dichter, Bernard. The Orders and Chu

of Acre, 1979

the Early Fourteenth C
Press, 1992
Gravett,
1300 (Osprey Men-at-
Publishing, 1997
Johns, CN. Pile tle (‘Atlit), David's Tower
(Jerusalem), and Qal'at ar-Rabad (‘Ajlun). Ashgate Pub-
ing, Ltd., 1997
Oliver of Paderborn, Cardinal, d. 1227. The Capture
of Damietta, translated by John J. Gavigan. University of
Pennsylvania Press, 19
Powell, James M. Anatomy of a Crusade 1213-1221
University of Pennsylvania Press, 1986
Runciman, Sir Steven. A History of the Crusade
volume III: The Kingdom of Acre and the Later Crusades.
Cambridge University Press, 1955
Seward, Desmond. The Monks of We
orders. Penguin Books, 1995

man Medieval Armies 1000-
‘ms Series #310). Osprey

he military

meet (or meet again) s
Cainites include:

® Lord Juegen: ‘One of the chief Venue of northem
Getmariy,avvassal of Hardestadtand thenewprinceof Magdeburg.
Jaingen may be the characters' patron or their implacable enemy
in this nocturnal war.

¢ Voivode Vladimir Rustovitch: One of the most powerful
Tzimisce in Eastern Europe and the high general of the
Transylvanian voivodate. Rustovitch is Jiirgen's opponent in
Under the Black Cross. The coterie has the chance to resolve
the conflict or revel in it.

@ Myca Vykos: An Obertus Tzimisce and a survivor of the
sack of Constantinople. Vykos enjoys the backing of the Dracon,
a mysterious Tzimisce Methuselah. He seeks his own territory to
establish a haven for himself and his mentor, Symeon. He relies
upon the coterie to help him achieve it.

 Jervais bani Tremere: Diplomatic envoy of the Usurpers.
He attempts to forge an alliance with Lord Jurgen against the
Transylvanian Fiends. Hegoesaboutit with duplicitousschemes,
and the characters have the chance to thwart him.

¢ Etienne de Fauberge: The nominal prince of Acre. His
throne is weak, for his sire, Varsik, grows tired of his unfaithful
dealings and lack of progress. The coterie becomes his best hope
for survival.

© Gauthier de Dampiere: Gauthier isa mortal crusader who
has been fighting against the "night devils" for several decades.

ral important Cainites. Some of these

GOING BEFORE DESTRUCTION


Brement eax

HOLY Magdeberg

ROMAN
ne EMPIRE

Frankfurt

He clashed with them repeatedly during the Fourth Crusade, and
he comes to Acre with the Fifth, intent on protecting the city
and the holy relic within. The characters have to deal with the
consequences of his actions.

SETTINGS

Under the Black Cross takes the coterie froma rich trading
city on the eastern frontier of the Holy Roman Empire to the
capital of the Crusader Kingdom in the Middle East, and then
back to the wilds of Hungary. The following information pro-
vides the Storyteller with an overview of the regions in which the
drama takes place. Storytellers who want more information can
do their own research and may also want to read the Dark Ages
supplements Veil of Night for Islamic vampiresand Transylvania
by Night for more information on the Tzimisce and Southeast-
er Europe.

JMWSGDEBURG AND THE ELBE

The Elbe River runs north from the mountains of Bohemia,
until it empties into the North Sea near Holstein, just south of
Denmark. Prone to flooding, the river has been an important
trade route and agricultural axis for millennia, and it has been
inhabited since prehistoric times. By the 12th century, the river
stood as the traditional border between the lands of Germanic
peoples and the northern Slavs. It was in that time that the

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

Salzburg
AUSTRIA

Germans began their push east, as Albert the Bear was given title
over the Nordmark (the so-called "North March," the lands east
of the middle Elbe). Pushing east, colonizing and supporting
missionary work (as well as swamp drainage and forest clear-
ance), he founded the margraviate of Brandenburg, which still
holds those territories.

By the time of Under the Black Cross, Magdeburg is one
of the center-points of the eastern expansion of the Holy
Roman Empire. To its west are Saxony, Thuringia and other
well-established duchies and lands. To its east are Brandenburg
and the other marks (border lands). It is the perfect place for the
court of an ambitious German Ventrue such as Lord Jiirgen

Tue Ciry

The earliest references to Magdeburg itself come from the
early ninth century, when Charlemagne built a fortress there in
806 at the edge of the Slavic frontier. The town itself was a
center of commerce, one of the main markets for trade with the
Wends, who lived across the Elbe. As the years passed,
Magdeburg grew into an important commercial center, con-
ducting an active maritime trade with ports as far away as
Flanders and the Baltic Sea.

Magdeburg was also prominent as a center for government
and the efforts to convert the pagans of Eastern Europe. Emperor
Otto the Great, who had already founded the Benedictine
monastery of Saints Peter, Maurice and Innocent at Magdeburg


in 937, convinced Pope John XII to create an archbishopric
there in 967, with dominion over the bishoprics of Brandenburg,
Havelberg, Metseburg, Meissen and Zeitz-Naumburg. Its first
archbishop, Adelbert, took his throne the next year and used his
see tosend missionaries eastas faras Russia. By the time of Under
the Black Cross, the archbishop is Albrecht II, and Magdeburg
is preparing for a crusade against the pagan Slavs. The arch-
bishop is also in the process of granting administrative freedom.
to the burghers and citizens of the city, a model that is destined
to spread through much of Germany as the "Magdeburg Law."

Inthe shadows, authority is much clearer. Lord Jiirgen has
claimed title as prince of the city and master of the Brandenburg
margraviate and the Eastern Marches, and he has the power to
enforce his tule. Yet such wasn't always the case. An important
port and trading city, Magdeburg has a well established, if
small, Cainite population through the end of the 12th century.
A Brujah named Cedric ruled as prince, and he had done so
since Otto the Great's time at least. Used to dealing with the
Gangrel and Tzimisce who hunted among the Slavs to his east,
he was a political animal who saw no reason to simply submit
to the Ventrue Jiirgen. As it turned out, he never had to.
Instead, a devastating fire swept through the city in 1188,
burning much of it to the ground, including Cedric's haven.
Jiirgen assumed stewardship of the city soon thereafter.

FAicRE AND THE SECOND
KINGDOM

Known in Biblical timesas"Accho" to the Hebrews, "Acce"
to the Romans and "Ak-ku-u" to the Assyrians, Acre is an
ancient city that was first mentioned in Egyptian texts in the
19th century BC. Founded by the Canaanites, it has been fought
over and conquered many times in its past. Assyrian, Seleucid,
Roman, Muslim and crusader armies have all marched through
its gates in victory. Under the rule of the crusaders, it has become
acosmopolitan port with quarters for Genoese, Pisan and Vene-
tian trading houses. Under an agreement with the kings of
Jerusalem, each is allowed to govern its quarter under its own
consuls and police it with its own watch, which conveniently
provides each with an armed force to use against the other.

As capital of the Crusader Kingdom, Acre is also home to
many of the military orders. The Templars and Hospitalers moved
their headquarters here after the fall of Jerusalem, the Knights of
St. Lazarus maintain a hospital for lepers beyond the walls, and
both the orders of St. Thomas of Acre and the Teutonic Knights
were born in Acre. Much as they add to the kingdom's strength,
however, they are also a source of weakness, for dispensations from
the pope have freed them from any royal authority. They often act
on their own against the Muslims.

FA Succession OF KINGS

With the fall of Jerusalem to the army of Salah al-Din (or
Saladin, to crusader ears) after the battle of Hattin in 1187, the
Kingdom of Jerusalem was in desperate straits. Not only had it
lost its capital and chief city, butalso the revenues from the traffic
in pilgrims that enabled the kings to raise troops. Worse still, the
ransom paid for King Guy de Lusignan, captured in the disaster
at Hattin, included the port and fortress of Ascalon. The viability
of the kingdom itself was in question.

Seeking to stabilize the realm and reestablish his authority,
Guy moved his capital to Acre in 1188, although he first had to
besiege itand could not enter until 1191 (after the Third Crusade
took the city). There followed period of repeated instability. First,
King Guy was challenged for the throne by his brother-in-law
Conrad of Montferrat, who was murdered by assassins that were
sent by the Old Man of the Mountain. Fearing for his own life and
tired of dealing with his fractious nobles, King Guy himself
renounced the throne in 1192 and bought the isle of Cyprus from
the Knights Templar.

There followed a succession of short-lived kings who all died
within a few years of taking the throne. Rumors began to spread
that perhaps God had turned against the kingdom and that he
would allow the Muslims to destroy it as punishment for the
crusaders' sins. It was in this troubled context that the barons of
the kingdom asked the king of France to provide a husband for
Mary, the daughter of Conrad and Isabella, herself the sister of
King Guy's wife, Sibylla. Philip Augustus chose the reluctant
John of Brienne ("Jean de Brienne," in French), who arrived in
Acre toassume his throne in 1210. He rules until 1225, when he
cedes his title to his son-in-law, the Holy Roman Emperor
Frederick II. At the time of Under the Black Cross, John is still
the king of Jerusalem.

GOING BEFORE DESTRUCTION


Montmusart

Hospice of
Orie Piospital

St.Anthonys

The
Hospital

Monastery Patriarchate

of the

Apostles Genoese

; \ Quarter
StAndrews
Church

Hospitallers Ward
°

ACRE

she, Countess of Bloish"
ag Tower .

regis
Tower of the Legate

Tower of Flies

1000

GEOGRAPHY

The kingdom of Acre, and the Christian holdings in the
Holy Land in general, sit ina perilous position. King John'srealm
comprises a narrow strip of land between the Jordan River and
the Sea of Galilee to the east and the Mediterranean on the west.
A plain of varying width parallels the coast, starting wide in the
south and narrowing as it courses north, save around Acre. The
city commands a wide plain that rises to a pass through the
mountains, leading to Safad and the Sea of Galilee. Perhaps 30
miles to the southeast lies the Muslim fortress of Mount Tabor,
poised like a dagger to cut the kingdom's throat. The Muslim
capital of Damascus sits across the Anti-Lebanon mountains,
120 miles to the northeast. To the north is another Crusader
state, the County of Tripoli, and the kingdom of Antioch is
beyond that.

Acre itself sits on the northern curve of the Bay of Haifa
and boasts a wonderfully protected harbor, although problems
with silt require regular dredging to keep it open. Much traffic
flows through Haifa when this isn't done. Mount Carmel
climbs sharply to the south of Acre, the high point of a ridge
thatruns inland and southward to form an obstacle to east-west
travel. The interior of the land isa difficult country of hills and
mountains, which shelter small fertile valleys and plateaus.
Taking refuge among these peaks, fierce clansmen have re-
sisted oppressors and invaders for centuries. They now make
life miserable for crusaders who venture too far from the plains.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

On the east is the Jordan River, which begins in these
mountains and fills the Sea of Galilee before heading south to
the Dead Sea. Crusaders and Muslims do not fight much over
the mountain country, preferring instead to clash over the
plains and river valleys, coveting their wealth of farms, or-
chards and sheep herds.

CAINITES IN OUTREMER

Like their mortal kine, the Latin Christian vampires of the
Kingdom of Jerusalem were forced to flee in the aftermath of
Hattin. While some returned to Europe, others established new
havens for themselves in the lands left to them, in some cases
filling the night with the screams of battle as they contested
territory with Cainites who were already in place. Their position
remains precarious, though, for the failure of the kingdom itself
would leave them exposed to the meager sympathies of the
Muslim Cainites who would come in their armies' wake.

One other problem weakens the vampires of the Second
Kingdom: They are barred from entering Acre itself. Since the
first century, a holy aura has surrounded the city that prevents
any Cainite from entering. To even cross the threshold of the
city's gates means Final Death as the vampire bursts into flame.
Asa consequence, their influence over the king and the church
is minimal, since the mortals are safe from vampiric control
within the aura. Even their ghouls may not tarry long within


Acre's bounds for, while the aura does not kill them, it makes
them physically weak and leaves them in terrible pain. What
influence the vampires can wield comes indirectly through S
willing mortal agents and nobles whose houses have been Nader the Blacle Grose assumes tharthe rain
suborned by a Cainite in their midst. Nevertheless, the lack of rumors about Acre are true. The Apostle St. Paul,
access to the centers of power leaves them in a vulnerable converted on the road to Damascus, came to Acre in
position compared to their Islamic cousins. the first century bearing a large chunk of the Cross of
Te Hon sion stained with the holy blood of Jesus him-

. self. He gifted the relic to those he converted to the
Acre'saura isa mystery to Caine's childer. The most reliable Word of Christ, and they kept it safe in a reliqu

stories say that the influence appeared sometime after St. Paul's
visit in the first century and that, within 200 years, no vampire
could enter the city. By the time of the Arab conquest, the aura
had grown so that Cainites had trouble approaching within a
mile of the city's walls. Forbidden to vampires, the city was
abandoned until Varsik embraced Etienne and convinced him Gauthier de Dampiere receives a vision while f
toclaim it as his own, thus becoming the prince of a city that he at the shrine and takes the Cross fragment out to
could never enter. The leading theory as to the aura's origin has protect it from the Damned. This act brings the aura
itthatthe city sheltersa large fragment of the True Crossand that crashing dot

that fragment causes the effect. This mystery remains unan- he hoped toahiwart lad

swered at the time of Under the Black Cros:

Within a century, it had been ensconced under a
shrine to the saint that contained some of his own
ics. The epicenter of Christian faith in the city, the
Cross' power over the unliving radiated to an unprec-
edented level and pushed the Damned out of the

the fragment and nturil

Vampires first notice the aura when they come withina mile shrine to the Apostle that creates so powerful an aura.
of Acre, first as a tickling or burning itch, getting progressively Once the fragment is removed, that unique e
morepainfuland spreading throughout their bodies the closer they disappears forever.
come to the city. Eventually, the victims' flesh blackens, blisters, All this is very much in keeping with the D;
smokesand finally catches fire. The intense heat reduces body and Medieval atmosphere of Vampire: The Dark Age:

bone to ashes within a minute. Stories of holy relics were rife in those days, and the

Aura MECHANICS Holy Land was especially rich in them. The modern
reader may balk at the likelihood of a surviving frag-
ment of the Cross, but the medieval mind very
much willing to accept it. But before confronting your
players with the Cross on which Christ died, take your
own feelings and theirs into 3

games exist to have fun with, and treading carele:
over your player's faith probably doesn't translate into
fun. You can very easily decide that the artifact is
something completely different, perhaps even some
ancient vampiric relic.

When a Cainite first enters the aura, a mile from the city
walls, the player makes a Stamina (+ Fortitude, if any) roll at
difficulty 7. Success means the vampire may go on, although the
pain grows greater. Failure means she is in agony and can't
continue. A botch means the victim's hands and neck begin to
blister and smolder. At one-half mile, the player makes another
Stamina (+ Fortitude) roll at difficulty 8. Even witha success, the
vampire's skin reddens and cracks. With a failure, small fires
erupt from her head and scalp. The victim's player must make a
Rétschreck roll, and the victim takes one level of aggravated
damage. Ona botch, the vampire falls to the ground and bursts
into flame. The character takes one level of aggravated damage
ever done successfully). Fortitude) every hour (difficulty 7) or be incapacitated by pain.

Within 100 yards of the wall, the difficulty rises to 9, while A heart attack kills them on a botch. Finally, the aura is much
the effects of success and failure are the same. At the gate itself, weaker in the day than at night. Halve all difficulty numbers
the difficulty is 10 for the Cainite to cross the threshold. Before between sunrise and sunset.
she can do so, the player must also spend a point of Willpower

for the character to even go on. Ask the player if she is sure she HUNGARY AND THE
wants to do so and if she understands the likely consequence. SIEBENBURGEN

Once she agrees, failure on her roll is equal to a botch — the
vampire bursts into flame and dies. Success means that she is The lands known as Hungary have been occupied for
able to cross triumphantly into the city, where, in the tunnel millennia by the living and unliving, first by the Celts and
under the gate, she bursts into flame and dies. The faithful Dacians, then later the Romans who conquered them and turned
speculate that this destruction within the city is tantamount to their lands into the provinces of Pannoniaand Dacia. Wild lands
an elevation to Heaven anda salvation of the eternal soul, but of forest, grassy plain and mountains, these lands also came to be
noone can be sure. the hunting grounds of Gangrel and Tzimisce, who clashed with
Note that characters with a rating of 9 or more on the Road the Lasombra and Ventrue accompanying the Romans. When
of Heaven or Humanity make their rolls at one difficulty less, the Romans withdrew under pressure of civil war and Germanic
while those on the Road of the Devil or Serpent make them at invasion in the fourth century, the Animals and Fiends re-

GOING BEFORE DESTRUCTION


claimed their lands from the fleeing Cainites but never forgot
how they had once been invaded.

The central plains of the former Roman Pannonia are
perfect for horses, and, in the centuries after Rome's departure,
the land provided homes for waves of nomadic peoples such as
the Huns, Bulgars and Avars. Charlemagne crushed the latter in
AD 800 and established Slavic dukedoms as frontier marches.
When one of these dukedoms, Moravia, rebelled against
Carolingian rule during the reign of Emperor Arnulf in 892, he
invited the nomadic Magyar peoples from the Don river basin to
attack the Moravians in the rear. The Magyars were a federation
of 10 hordes or tribes that called themselves the On Ogur, from
which the word "Hungarian" was derived.

Under Arpad, the leader of the strongest tribe, the Magyars
invaded the Danubian plain and easily occupied it, destroying the
Moravian empire in 906. Flush with power, they turned on their
German hosts and defeated an imperial army in 907, occupying
what had once been Pannonia. For the next 50 years, influenced
from the shadows by the Brujah who lusted for revenge against the
northern Ventrue, they raided across Europe, even into France, for
riches and slaves. Not until King Otto I crushed their armies at
Lechfeld in 955 did they settle down to buildinga kingdom within
their own lands.

It was no coincidence that this change was reflected in the
defeat of the Brujah, fora great war chief of the Magyars, Bulscu,
had betrayed the Zealot elder Dominic and, as a reward, was
Embraced as. a Ventrue. He returned to the capital at Buda and

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

created a refuge for himself deep beneath its castle. From here, he
has dominated and manipulated the Arpad dynasty and ensured
Hungary's allegiance to the West against the Slavic and Ortho-
dox East, and its Cainites.

Through the next 150 years, Hungary would suffer dynastic
crises as Arpad usurped Arpad and no atrocity was too great to
secure the throne. Yet this time was also one of political and
social consolidation. By the time of King Ladislas | (1077-
1095) and his successor Coloman (1095-1116), relative peace
on the steppes allowed Magyar armies to expand east toward
the Carpathians and over them into Transylvania. Using both
imported Saxons and Szeklers, a people related to the Magyars,
as colonists, the Hungarians founded towns, built castles and
churches, and dominated the local Vlachs and the remnants of
the Dacians. In the night, the Ventrue dominate Transylvania's
mortal rulers and its Cainite society, led by the brilliant Nova
Arpad. And here also they come into direct conflict with the
Tzimisce.

Under powerful kings and with a burgeoning population,
Hungary grows by the time of King Bela II] (1173-1196) tobe one
of the most powerful states in Europe, with the king's revenues
equaling those of the king of France and that monarch's daughter
becoming Bela's wife. Under her influence, French concepts of
knighthood and chivalry influence the Magyar nobility, setting
the stage for the introduction of western military orders.

As of 1211, Hungary is ruled by King Andras II ("Andrew,"
in English), younger son of Bela III and brother of King Emeric


(1196-1204). Andras himself is a weak king, more interested in
hunting for religious artifacts and spending the accumulated
wealth of his predecessors than in governing. So loose is he with
royal funds and lands that the crown is nearly impoverished,
leaving him dependent on his nobles, whom he cannot restrain.
Hungary is reduced to such a state of anarchy that, in 1213,
rebellious nobles murder Andras' German queen, Gertrude of
Meran, out of anger at the spendthrift ways of her courtiers. In
1217, seeking to restore a measure of his authority, Andras agrees
toundertake the Fifth Crusade, but he stays in the Holy Land only
afew months.

Inthe sixth year of his reign, 1211, King Andras invites the
Teutonic Knights to protect his Transylvanian borderlands
against the ravages of the Cuman peoples by colonizing it and
converting the population to Christianity. In return, he grants
them extensive privileges and immunities from taxation. This
practice continues until 1225, when the king grows tired of the
knights' arrogant demands and expels them. It is this 14-year
period that is the focus of Under the Black Cross.

CamNITES OF HUNGARY

Just as the fate of the wolf mirrors that of the herd it hunts,
Cainite affairs mirror those in the mortal realm. The once-
brilliant rulership of the Arpad Ventrue of Hungary has been
brought low by a series of reversals. Nova Arpad was captured
and impersonated by an agent of other interests, the imposter
weakening her position until the true Nova freed herself and
exacted vengeance. Meanwhile, Bulscu's ways have become
more and more sybaritic, transforming him from a potent elder
to an ineffective ruler. Although the true Nova Arpad is free
anew by the time of Andras' rule, her reputation has been

seriously weakened. All this turmoil leaves the Hungarian court
open to other influences, chiefly from the West. Lord Jiirgen
sends his childe Baron Heinrich von Achern to the region, and
there he seeds agents close to the king and others into areas of
Transylvania. Heinrich wears the guise of a Teutonic Knight,
and the invitation to his order has much to do with his influence

at court.

The Tzimisce, long the undisputed masters of Transylvania,
have seen their power eroded by the migration of Saxons and
Magyars into their homeland. The rise of the Tremere Usurpers
has given them an enemy to fight but distracted them from the
slow erosion of the way of life that supports the voivodate. Vladimir
Rustovitch, a brilliant strategist and cruel general, has risen to lead
Fiendish efforts to regain the night. He has begun a strategy to
erode Ventrue influence in King Andras' court by employing his
childe Kara Lupescu, a scion of the Vlaszy revenant family and a
Magyar herself.

GEOGRAPHY

The kingdom of Hungary is split into two halves, the west
and the east. The western portion of the kingdom, Hungary
"proper," comprises four main regions. The first is the Little
Alfold, a plain rich in resources, separated from Austria by an
extension of the Alps. On the east, it is cut off from the Great
Alfold plain by the Northern Mountains. The Great Alfold is
the second major region, a patchwork quilt of sand dunes, dry
plains and floodplains. Mortal settlement is dominated by iso-
lated farmsteads, called tanyaks, in the western portion. In the

east, the people of Transtisza ("Beyond the Tisza") cling to the
lifestyle of the Magyars' earlier existence as a steppe-people,
dependent on raising cattle. Third are the Northern Mountains,
which separate the Great and Little Alfolds. Sparsely settled at
this time, the region is famous for the blood-red wines of
Hungary. The last major region is Transdanubia, which com-
prises all the lands west of the Danube save for the Little Alfold.
Itisa densely populated region of rolling uplands, and it features
many fortified towns, castles and monasteries. Dense forests
cover the Bakony and Mecsek ridges, and mysterious, mist-
cloaked Lake Balaton in the north is the largest freshwater lake
in Central Europe.

Two majorrivers, the Danube and the Tisza, drain Hungary.
The Danube floods twice a year, in early springand early summer,
while the Tisza floods regularly with the snowmelt in the
Carpathians. The floods of both rivers cause devastating damage
to towns and villages in the plains. In the early 13th century, her
major cities are Buda-Pest, home to the court of Vencel Rikard
and his perverted sire, Bulscu, and Esztergom, the royal and
religious capital. Here Geza Arpad, former king and now a
Ventrue childe of Bulscu, sits as vampiric archbishop. He sup-
ports Baron von Achern and the German Ventrue in an effort to
stab at his decadent sire.

Mountains ting the east of the kingdom, Transylvania,
giving it an isolated, almost trapped feeling. North and east are
the dark Carpathians, while the Transylvanian Alps and the
Bihor Mountains form the boundaries on the south and west,
respectively. They form a ring around the Transylvanian Pla-
teau and the northwestern plain. While the plateau and plain
have good soil for farming and the mountains yield a rich
harvest of timber and minerals, the mortals who live here enjoy
little of the land's wealth or beauty. They instead cower in fear
of their lords, both those of the day and the night, and they
merely hope for survival.

Transylvania isalso knowns Erdely to the Magyarsand the
Siebenbiirgen to the Germans, the latter name derived from the
towers of the seven cities of Transylvania. They are Bistritz,
Kronstadt, Klausenburg, Mediasch, Hermanstadt, Schaasburg
and Balgrad. Nova Arpad supposedly acts as prince from her lair
in Mediasch, but with her weakened position, she can just watch
as Jiirgen claims her lands. The latter makes Kronstadt his capital
in the region, and it stands as his last fortress in the waning nights
of his war.

THE TEUTONIC
ORDER

Under the Black Cross uses as its historical backdrop a key
moment in the development of the third great military order of
the Middle Ages, the Teutonic Knights. Although never quite
reaching the status of the Knights Templar or the Hospitalers of
St. John, the German knights grow to be a power to be reckoned
with. More importantly, they achieve some feats that their rival
orders never do, such as creating their own theocratic state out
of conquered — or more euphemistically, "converted" — terri-
tories in Prussia and along the Baltic coast. This chronicle
captures the order in the transition from a relatively small band

GOING. BEFORE DESTRUCTION


of monastic crusader knights focussed on the Holy Land, to a
nation-building power with strong ties to both the papacy and
the Holy Roman Empire.

The order takes its inspiration from the German Hospital
of St. Mary founded in or around 1127 in Jerusalem. A gift from
wealthy German patrons, the hospital had a mission to serve
their impoverished compatriot pilgrims, who had need of care.
The hospital was never over-large, and it fell under the author-
ity of the Hospital of St. John after a dispute in 1147.
Nevertheless, it maintained some well-placed patronage, and
Countess Sophia of Holland was buried there in 1172. It also
came to the attention of some of the Christian Cainites who
infested the city, including Lord Jiirgen, at that time a knight-
envoy for his sire Hardestadt. Jiirgen saw the power of the
Templars and Hospitalers, and he saw in the German Hospital
the possibility of opening another order to his influence. Such
plans would have to wait, however, since the German Hospital
of St. Mary fell when Jerusalem fell to Saladin in 1187.

A second German Hospital sprang up in the fields outside
Acre in 1190, as the Christian forces of the Third Crusade laid
siege to the city. Crusaders from Liibeck and Bremen built this
makeshift field hospital from the masts and sails of the ships
that had brought them to the Holy Land, and it served their
countrymen until the Muslims surrendered the city in 1191.
Guy de Lusignan, king in exile of Jerusalem, gave the hospital
a tower in Acre for its use at this time. Over the next several

ie

oS

years, the Hospital of St. Mary of the Germans in Jerusalem, as
the new order named itself, campaigned for recognition as a
separate entity from the Hospital of St. John and standing asa
military order. They made inroads with the pope, the powers of
Outremer and Emperor Henry, receiving small holdings in
Tyre and Jaffa in the Holy Land, Barleta in Italy and Palermo
in Sicily. Finally, in 1198, in a grand ceremony at the Temple
in Acre attended by the masters of the Knights Templar and
Hospital of St. John, the patriarch of Jerusalem and the king of
Jerusalem, the order became military.

The Teutonic Knights were born.

Tue TEUTONIC RULE

Pope Innocent III recognized the order in a bull in 1199
and instructed it to follow the Templar rule in all things, save
in their hospital duties where the knights would follow the rule
of the Hospital of St. John. Like the Templars they were thus
organized undera Grand Council, consisting of the Hochmeister
(grand master), Gross-Komtur (high commander),
Ordensmarschall (marshal-general), Spittler (hospitaler), Tresler
(treasurer) and Trapier (quartermaster). Geographically, the
order consisted of a series of commanderies, each with at least
12 knights overseen by a Hauskomtur. The commanderies of a
province formed a Ballei and a regional commander called a
Landmeister oversaw a group of Balleien. At first, the sole
Landmeister organized the German holdings (the only region

ate LAREN MON NTA

{>
aa

ae


where they numbered enough to warrant the position), but the
structure would spread in later years.

In terms of daily life, the Teutonic rule was the Templars'
own and so quite austere. The brothers swore oaths of poverty
and chastity and undertook the requirements of monastic life,
spending much of their waking hours in prayer. With the passing
of the years, some of this dedication and discipline would
dissipate, but never the ambition it accompanied. In the early
years, the Teutons were the very example of the chivalric ideal:
pious, daring and nigh unstoppable.

GROWTH AND INFLUENCE

Once it became military in nature, the Teutonic Order grew
in leaps and bounds. In its first decade, it remained focused on
activities in the Holy Land, growing in size and undertaking
campaigns in the East. It received lands throughout the Holy
Roman Empire and in other areas of Europe as well. Although.
they maintained holdings in Acre, the Teutons quickly fell into
rivalry with the Templars and Hospitalers, both of whom were
very protective of their positions as the preeminent orders of
chivalry of the time. Under the early Hochmeisters, the order
concentrated on Armenia, leaving Syria to the better estab-
lished orders. In these early years, the Teutonic Knights were
relatively small in number and established commanderies and
fortresses at Amouda and Haruniye. A campaign in Cilicia in
1210 brought an end to much of their activities in Armenia and
Anatolia, when many of the knight-brothers died in battle along
with their third Hochmeister, Hermann Bart.

This nadir of power, however, ushered in a new era of
expansion and prestige for the order. Hermann von Salza be-
came Hochmeister with Bart's death, and he set about securing
new patronage and position for the order. Over his illustrious
career, he would manage the seemingly unmanageable feat of
remaining in the good graces of both the papacy and the Holy
Roman Emperor, who feuded incessantly. Personally, he would
also gain the right to wear the golden cross of Jerusalem on his
habit (beneath the black Teutonic cross) from the Crusader
King, John of Brienne, after his knights' activities at the siege of
Damietta during the Fifth Crusade (see p. 18).

Even before that crusade, von Salza's order refocused itself
on quasi-virgin territory for the military orders: pagan Eastern
Europe. The order's greatest successes would come in Prussia and
Livonia where it established a theocratic state (the Ordensstaat)
after 1230. But as early as 1211, a mere year after the defeat in
Cilicia, the order received from King Andras II of Hungary the
invitation to occupy his Transylvanian borderlands. The Teutons
would be there until 1225.

THE ORDER AND LORD
JUuRGEN

Despite Jiirgen's interest in the German Hospital of St.
Mary, the Teutonic Knights remained largely free of vampiric
influence in their early years thanks to the accident of their
headquarters in Acre. That city has long been terra incognita for
the Damned due to the powerful supernatural aura that many
trace to the supposed presence of a fragment of the True Cross in
thecity (see pp. 10-11). Therefore, Lord Jiirgen could onlyslowly
work his claws into the burgeoning order, using those knights

whospent most of their time in Tyre, Jaffa or the order's European
holdings. Lord Jiirgen's eyes have never really been on the Holy
Land so much as the Eastern Marches, however. His quest to
assume the status as his sire's preeminent vassal (and perhaps to
replace him) has him looking to kingdoms of Poland, Hungary
and points east. The Ventrue of these lands are not overly loyal
to Hardestadt and the Tzimisce lay traditional claim to the entire
area, so it seems a prime land into which to expand. If he can
claim it and hold it, his status will rise tremendously. From the
earliest, his plans in the region have included the burgeoning
Teutonic Order. Even before its official adoption of the mantle
of a militant order, he was sending parties of ghoul knights into
the marches under the banner of the German Hospital.
Jiirgen performed or authorized the Embrace of a few se-
lected knights and priests in the early order, buthe has most often
telied on the blood oath or other forms of influence. This
influence allows his agents to continue to perform daylight
activities (and hence remain full members of the order) and, if
necessary, even to travel to Acre. Lord Jiirgen's most valuable
agent in these activities has been Lucretia von Hartz. Traveling
among the order's commanderies in the guise of a nurse pledged
not tosee the sun again until the Saracen is ejected from the Holy
Land, she has spread her sire's influence across the order. Power-
fulin bloodand charms, she has spread secret movement within
the larger order called the Order of the Black Cross, which subtly
corrupts the crusader ideal into service to Jiirgen's cause.

THE ORDER OF THE BLACK
Cross

The Order of the Black Cross is a classic "order within an
order," a staple of vampiric influence in monastic and other
closed institutions for centuries. The members are all part of the
Teutonic Order who have come to understand (or, more pre-
cisely, been led to believe) that the Black Cross is the secret heart
of their brotherhood. Just as the Teutonic Order itself holds out
the promise of special status and service to a higher cause in the
lay world, the Black Cross does the same among the Teutonic
brothers themselves. It appears to be another circle of initiation,
whose members are an even greater elite. Through the mouth of
Lady Lucretia, select candidates hear of the great powers and
honors bestowed on those who are willing to pay the price of
service to their Lord. Swayed by her honeyed words and the
example of her own vow to never see the sun, most take the first
step under the black cross.

Ofcourse, damnation awaits. Whatat firstseems like service
to God, becomes service to the order and its god-like masters.
Once a brother (or a sister-nurse) is initiated and brought fully
into the secret order, what might have seemed unthinkable
becomes a matter of sacred duty.

ORGANIZATION

Lucretia is the linchpin of the Order of the Black Cross, and
she serves as its Gross-Komtur, with her fellow vampire Heinrich
von Achernas Ordensmarschall, and Jiirgen himselfas the largely
unseen Hochmeister. Those who are brought into the secret order
retain their function (as knight, priest, sergeant or nurse) but also
gain a rank. At first, a candidate becomes an Eingeweihter
(initiate), later rising to become a Bruder vom Kreuze (brother of

GOING BEFORE DESTRUCTION


the cross), and finally a Komtur vom Kreuze (commander of the
cross). This three-degree system, inherited from ancient mystery
cults and a variety of other religious orders, corresponds to
increasing degrees of vampiric influence. A Teutonic Brother
becomes an initiate of the cross only after a lengthy period of
study with Lucretia or one of her close assistants. Quite gifted in
the Discipline of Presence, she uses this time to indoctrinate and
entrance the candidate. (For more on this process, see the Ashen
Cults supplement). To become a brother of the cross, an initiate
must undergo a series of holy sacraments administered by a
brother-priest and overseen by Lucretia. The wine is laced with
quantities of vitae (either Lucretia's, Jiirgen's or that of a trusted
vassal), so that the blood oath is in full effect by the time the
candidate rises in secret rank. Finally, those few who are awarded
the honor of becoming commanders of the cross undergo an
elaborate and private ritual during which they must pledge to
give up the sunlit world as Lucretia has. The ritual culminates
with the Embrace.

Asof 1211, when Under the Black Cross begins, Lucretia
has Embraced only a very few Teutonic brethren. Ghouls are
simply much more useful as catspaws in the daylight hours, and
she has at least one brother of the cross in every commandery
outside Acre. The commandery established in 1209 near
Magdeburg is the stronghold of the secret order with the entire
company initiated into at least the first degree.

Activities AND AGENDAS

Lucretia's recruiting is not purely cynical from her perspec-
tive. Although she hides the full truth of her state until the
Embrace of a prospective childe, she sees her actions as an
honorable way in which to serve her liege and recruit vassals. A
follower of the vampiric codes of chivalry, she is protective of her
various thralls, and she does not expose them to needless danger.
They are highly trained and valuable soldiers, not to be squan-
dered on petty games. She makes sure to oversee the ghouls'
training. The best candidates spend time in Magdeburg and get
to meet Hochmeister Jiirgen and serve as his court guards or in his
war parties. She is careful to bring only those who are ready into
contact with the full Cainite court, a lesson she learned after
having to hunt down and kill a ghoul whose religious indigna-
tion was so great as to break the blood oath.

With the opening of the Siebenbiirgen in Transylvania, the
Black Cross' moment has come. Acting on her sire's orders,
Lucretia is transferring many of her catspaws to Hungary to
undertake the occupation. These ghouls and entranced warriors
have been told the truth — that the Slavs and Cumans of the
Eastern Marches are under the thrall of devils called the Tzimisce.
Tt is these Fiends that the order must fight. Jiitgen has ordered her
toaccelerate the Embrace of the ghouls in Hungary, and Lucretia
is doing so. She wants to make sure, however, that the ghouls and
mortals are well established first so that their forces are not weak
during the day.

BEYOND THE SHADOWS

Despite Lord Jiirgen's confidence otherwise, the Teutonic
Knights are hardly simple dupes. Willful, determined and fired
bya crusader's faith, the members of the order are not so easily
cowed to the ways of the Damned. The fact that Lucretia has

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

been successful is a testament to her understanding of the
importance of being discrete and selective, and herability tocouch
damnation is chivalric terms. But her reach only goes so far and
there are many Teutonic Brothers who exist well beyond it.

Hochmeister Herman von Salza is no vampiric catspaw. Like
many of the lords of his day, he isaware that there are dark powers
afoot in the medieval night, and he recognizes that they must be
dealt with carefully. He is not yet aware of the Order of the Black
Cross, per se, but he does know that some of his brothers are fired
by a passion somewhat darker than his own, and that they may
have formed analliance among themselves. Heisa political man,
however, and he is willing to make use of these fanatics to further
the cause of the order.

In Acre itself, there are those who are less convinced that
the rot within can be contained. A small group of knights have
come to believe that most of the military orders are subject to the
dominion of devilish powers. They wholly distrust the Hospitalers
and Templars, but they have made common cause with the
Brothers of St. Thomas of Acre, a small English militant order.
They bide their time, waiting for a way to strike at the darkness
among them. That chance may well come during Under the
Black Cross.

THE FIFTH
CRUSADE

The Fifth Crusade is yet another attempt to secure the
Crusader states from Muslim attack and regain Jerusalem, this
time by organizing an attack on Egypt. This strategy is the same
one that many had argued for at the start of the ill-fated Fourth
Crusade. The idea is to seize Islam's richest province and thus
break Saracen power in the Levant, leaving Jerusalem to fall into
Christian hands ike a ripe apple. The plan issound, and it comes
withina hair's breadth of success, yet it meets a futile end because
of petty arguments over precedence and the short-sighted pursuit
of factional goals.

ORIGINS

The latest European crusade has its roots in the dreams of a
desperate, aging man. Pope Innocent III never forgot the disaster
of the Fourth Crusade, which had ended in the sack of
Constantinople. His greatest dream was to end the incessant
feuds within Christendom and recover Jerusalem, a dream that
seemed to fade further and further with each passing day. Peace
had reigned for the past 20 years between the Second Kingdom
and the Islamic Empire under Salah al-Din's brother, al-Adil
(whom the Franks called Saphadin). Both sides honored a series
of peace treaties and truces long after their expiration. European
and Muslim alike discovered there was much money to be made
in trade, and no one wanted to do anything to jeopardize it. It
galled the pope that the Franks in the Crusader Kingdoms cared
more about money than the recapture of the holiest city of
Christendom.

The Lateran Council of 1215 declared the forgiveness and
remission of mortal sins for those who took up the Cross. The
next year, preachers and itinerant monks set out all across


Europe, even as far as Ireland and Scandinavia, to rally the
populace to another crusade. Visions of the Cross suspended in
mid-air were reported and eagerly spread from pulpit to pulpit.
For all their efforts, though, reports came back to the pope that
the rulers and nobles of France, the usual backbone of any such
expedition, were ignoring the calls for crusade, and that infight-
ing between the Italian city-states threatened the financial
backing needed to pay for ships and supplies. And Innocent
would go to his grave with this disheartening news. It was on a
mission to mediate such differences between Genoa and Pisa
thathe died aftera sudden, brief illness. Succeeding him was the
elderly Pope Honorius III.

Dark BEHIND THE LIGHT

Other forces were at work in the shadows, guiding and
influencing as best they could the workings of pope, king and
council. Although the problems of the Fourth Crusade brought
home to many Cainites how their control over the mortal world
was weakening, still others sought to turn the new crusade to
their advantage.

As before, the argument centered around the goal of the
crusade: Jerusalem or Egypt? Lasombra in Italy and France
wanted to strike again for Jerusalem, to recover what they saw as
their rightful place as rulers of the Holy City's nights. But they
were opposed by certain Followers of Set, who operated from
even deeper in the shadows to influence and corrupt the crusade's
purpose. With a subtle word here and a suggestion there, they

shifted the crusade to an attack on Egypt, their long-sought
means to drive the Muslim vampires from the land and reclaim
their master's homeland. Their unwittingallies in this (or dupes,
depending on whom one asks) were the Ventrue of the northern
lands. Eager for glory, wealth and land, they listened to whispers
in their ears and pushed too for the attack on Egypt.

Their success lessened the interest of the Lasombra, who
considered the Ventrue to be stepping beyond their natural place
and into a role reserved for the Magisters, that of leaders. Sulking
over their defeat, they concentrated their attention on affairs in
Europe, where the lack of interest from the French nobility
paralleled that of the French Magisters and the Toreador who
hunted the same domainsas they. Thus the Fifth Crusade was left
to the vampires of the north and the mortals of Hungary, Austria
and Frisia.

COMPLICATIONS

The death of Pope Innocent was not the only problem that
the crusade faced. The Crusader army had to gather, and, even
before that, those who had taken the Cross needed coercion to
keep their promises. Emperor Frederick II continually found new
reasons to delay, while King Andras II of Hungary, who was
enthusiastic at first, lost interest when it became apparent that he
would not inherit the Latin throne of Constantinople. After
pressure from Pope Honorius, however, he finally agreed to have
his army ready by the summer of 1217.


Transport was a problem, too, since the army had no ships
of its own. These were to be provided by the Frisian and Rhenish
contingent, sailing around the coasts of France, Spain and
Portugal to reach Italy. However, storms and disease took their
toll, with many ships being lost off France. Then the remaining
ships stopped at Lisbon, where some were persuaded to aid in the
attack on the Muslim fortress of al-Qasr. Others refused and
traveled on to Italy, while those who stayed behind suffered
many casualties taking al-Qasr. By the time the disparate ele-
ments gathered again in Italy, it was too late to sail for the Holy
Land until the next spring. Tired of waiting, the crusaders were
forced to arrange for their own, inadequate transport, which
meant that they had to leave part of their army behind. It wasn't
until the fall of 1217 that the Germans under Duke Leopold VI
of Austria and Hungarians of King Andras reached Acre at last.

THE CRUSADE

Ashes of Outremer, the second chapter of Under the
Black Cross, concerns itself with only the first portion of the
Fifth Crusade, the events at Acre in the autumn and winter of
1217 and 1218. If, however, you wish to continue your chronicle
in the land of the Setites, you certainly can do so.

SosourN IN AicrE

The crusade begins in earnest with the arrival at Acre of the
Hungarians and Austrians, as well as a force of Cypriots under
King Hugh de Lusignan. Almost immediately, the leaders fall to
bickering among themselves over command of the army. While
King John considers himself in command, the Austrians and
Hungarians take their orders from Andras, to whom Duke
Leopold is allied, while the Cypriots obey only King Hugh. The
Military Orders, in turn, obey only their own leaders. This
contention plays to the advantage of the Muslims, for Sultan al-
Adil wants nothing more than a continuation of the peace.
Indeed, he is most concerned with the threat ofa rebellion by his
nephew, al-Afdal, a son of Salah al-Din who has allied with the
Seljuk Turks.

Food shortages threaten the crusader army as much as
disunity. The harvest in Syria has been poor, and there is not
enough to feed an army. This shortage leads to the army's first
operations, an extended raid into the Jordan river valley and
eastern Galilee to find food. While al-Adil covers the ap-
proaches to Damascus and has his son, al-Mu'azzam guard the
road to Jerusalem, he need not have worried. The crusaders
concentrate on taking food from civilians and looking for relics.
King Andrasis quite pleased to take possession of one of the wine
jugs from the marriage feast at Cana. The raid ends with the
return of the crusaders to Acre at the end of November 1217.

The second major event in Acre comes with King John's
decision to attack Mount Tabor, an important Muslim fortress
that must be neutralized before the army can leave for Egypt.
Highlighting the lack of unity among the Europeans, Kings
Andras and Hugh refuse to join in this attack, as do the Military
Orders. Sent to help defend the Kingdom of Jerusalem, they
leave its army on its own in a crucial operation. In spite of the
caviling of his allies, King John attacks Mount Tabor twice, on
December 3rd and 5th. In each case, he withdraws on the verge
of achieving victory, something for which no adequate explana-
tion is ever forthcoming. At the end, he returns to Acre without

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

taking the fort. Ironically, six months later al-Adil decides that
Mount Tabor is too exposed and orders it dismantled.

A third crusader operation seemingly accomplishes nothing
save losing the lives of several hundred Hungarian knights. Near
Christmas, 1217, 500 crusaders under the leadership of King
Andras' nephew decide on their own to ride northeast toward
Beaufort Castle, perhaps with the idea of establishing their own
lordship east of Sidon. Regardless of the intent, it ends in disaster
as the fierce winter and even more fierce people of the mountains
harass and ambush them until the few survivors are forced to
retreat. This last operation does play an important role in the
shadow world of Cainites. A goodly number of the Hungarian
knights are Vlaszy revenants loyal to Kara Lupescu and they
abandon their mortal brethren to the slaughter. Thought dead by
the king's men, they establish a hidden fortress near Beaufort
Castle from which to harry the vassals of Lord Jiirgen.

January of 1218 sees the end of what has been called the
"Hungarian Crusade," when King Andras decides that he has
done his duty and takes his army home. This is where the action
of the Fifth Crusade in the Acrearea concludesand where Under
the Black Cross returns to Europe. The crusade itself, however
finally heads to Egypt.

DAMIETTA

Andras may have left for home, but others stay in the Holy
Land to continue the crusade. At first, the delays continue and
the forces do little save secure ‘Atlit for the construction of the
Templars' Chateat Palerin (Pilgrims' Castle). In spring, the long-
delayed Frisian fleet finally arrives, and the crusade sets sail for
Egypt on 24 May of 1218, with King John of Brienne as its
commander. Al-Adil takes steps to raise an army in Syria and his
son, Egyptian Sultan al-Malik al-Kamil, moves forces from Cairo
to defend Damietta, the important trading city at the mouth of
the eastern branch of the Nile and the crusader target. A long
siege begins when the crusaders arrive and take position down-
tiver from the city.

The city's geography makes an assault from the river the
only viable route, so the crusaders' first target is the Chain Tower.
This fortification on an island in the middle of the river allows
the Muslims to raise large chainsacross the Nile to block shipping
and protect Damietta. Taking the tower is hardly an easy task,
and traditional assaults fail. It takes the construction ofa floating
siege engine for the Franks to take her in August. At last,
Damietta is vulnerable and — so the story goes— the elderly al-
Adil dies of shock in Damascus when he hears the news of the
tower's capture. Sultan al-Kamil's authority in Egypt remains
with his father's death, but not without challenges.

Thecrusaders await reinforcements before moving on to the
city, and with the papal forces thatarrive in September comes the
pontiffs legate, Cardinal Pelagius of St. Lucia. King John may
have been happy to have additional forces, but he cannot be
pleased with the legate. Already, the king's command is a matter
of running herd over the heads of the military orders and various
other nobles. Now he has another cook to spoil the soup. And
spoil it he does, for Pelagius is an ambitious clergyman who is
determined to drive the crusade right to the heart of the enemy.
He disdains compromise and challenges John's authority openly.

Muslims and Christians exchange attacks with relatively
little impact save to wear on morale over the next five months.


In February of 1219, however, al-Kamil's forces briefly retreat
from their positions because the sultan receives word of a
pretender challenging his throne. By the time the Muslims
restore order, the crusaders have occupied both sides of the river,
making their siege all the more effective and their positions
highly defensible.

ALKamil and his brother al-Mu'azzam (the Sultan of Syria,
who arrives to reinforce the Egyptians) then make their first suit
for peace. The crusade's underlying strategy (to take rich Egypt
and trade it for holy Jerusalem) proves entirely effective, but its
divided leadership is altogether unable to capitalize onit. Indeed,
the Muslims offer Jerusalem and much of the kingdom's former
territory in return for a withdrawal from Egypt. Unsurprisingly,
King John is all for recovering his capital and kingdom. Pelagius
and the heads of the military orders refuse.

More fighting occurs through the summer, with the Mus-
lims unable to dislodge the Christians from their positions, but
the crusaders unable to take the city or push the Muslim troops
back from their own encampments. In August, the Muslims
propose terms again, adding to the previous offer the rebuilding
of the walls of Jerusalem (dismantled the previous year in
anticipation of returning it to the Franks), the fragment of the
True Cross lost to Saladin at Hattin and several key castles.
Again John is ready to agree, this time backed by the Teutonic
Knightsand the French and English nobles whoare there to lead
their crusaders. The Hospitalers, Templars and, most vocifer-
ously, Pelagius refuse. That November, the city finally falls and
the Christians occupy Damietta.

DEBACLE

Up until this point, Pelagius' hard line has proven effective.

Although the crusaders have already forgone two chances to
retake Jerusalem and its lands, they now hold Damietta and
expect to regain the Holy City still. Unfortunately, the divisions
in the crusade's leadership come to a head, and King John sails
for Acre in February of 1220, both to push an ill-fated claim for
the throne of Armenia and to get away from Pelagius. He
remains in his kingdom to defend it from an attack from Syria

later that year. Under the legate's authority, the crusade stays in
Damietta awaiting the patronage of some great European king.
Emperor Frederick II of Germany is a likely candidate, but his
arrival in the east is consistently delayed.

Meanwhile, al-Kamil has plenty of time to reinforce his
camp, to such a point that it would later come to be known as.
the city of al-Mansur. The sultan is not above continuing his
efforts to reach a negotiated settlement, however. In June of
1221, he again offers the Christians Jerusalem and most of
Palestine, along with a 30-year truce and payment to rebuild
the Holy City's fortifications. Having heard of the imminent
arrival of Duke Louis of Bavaria at the head of Frederick's forces,
Pelagius refuses again.

Duke Louis is under orders to await Frederick at Damietta,
but he soon falls into Pelagius' way of thinking. Together, the
duke and the legate convince the other crusade leaders that the
time to move is now. The pope orders King John back to Egypt
to join the effort, and the crusaders march from Damietta in the
middle of July. They move south and take terrain ata goodly rate,
occupying Sharimshah (15 miles south of Damietta) on 20 July.
Knowing that the Nile's floods are coming, John wants to stop
the advance, but Pelagius orders them to push on. The legate
foresees the Christian forces taking Egypt asa whole. In fact, they
overextend themselves and get cut off from Damietta by Muslim
forcesusing now-navigable canals to move around their enemies.

Surrounded, outnumbered and low on food, the crusaders
attempt a panicked retreat on 26 August. It is a disaster. The
Muslims open canal sluices to flood the lowlands that the
crusaders must cross. After two days, Pelagius sues for peace. Al-
Kamil listens, but, holding the majority of the crusaders, he is in
a position to dictate terms. Where once he had offered up
Palestine, now in exchange for the return of Damietta, he offers
an eight year truce and the fragment of the True Cross (which it
turns out, he may never have had). Defeated, Pelagius can only
accept.

The crusade is over with nothing but squandered resources
and wasted lives to show for it.




INTRODUCTION

A deceptive tranquillity masks the Hungarian countryside.
Typically, vampiric forces relish the stillness. Since their dark
Embrace, Caine's childer have learned the value of moving
about unheard by mortal ears. Yet despite their vast skills, there
are times when subtlety is beyond the reach of many Cainites.

After cementing his power base in Germany, Lord
Jiirgen has set his predatory eyes to Hungary's Transylvanian
borderland — and the Tzimisce heartland. The year is 1211,
and, amidst the darkness of the Crusades, the Ventrue lord
has set his court in Magdeburg. Daringly, he has also moved
adivision of knights a short distance from territory under the
protection of Vladimir Rustovitch, one of the Fiends' highest
lords. Lord Jtirgen is well aware that this move will incite a
conflict with the masterful voivode, but Jiirgen believes that
he must crush all opposition with a firm hand in order to grasp
power and greatness.

To solidify his efforts, Jiirgen has gathered supporters.
Shadows at Court is a mystery surrounding Jiirgen and his
courtly allies. The story unfolds in Magdeburg, where some of
Europe's most powerful Cainites gather.

How To Usk Tus Story

Shadows at Court is a prelude to open conflict between
the Patrician Lord Jiirgen and the Fiend Vladimir Rustovitch.
This story serves to illustrate how Cainite ambitions gravitate
around mortal coils. By rooting poisonous seeds among the
Teutonic Order of Knights, Jiirgen has used the pretense of
crusade and chivalry to further his ambitions.

King Andras II of Hungary, beset by unruly barons at
home, fears that his borders are open to attack from the pagan
Cumans. To protect his kingdom, he has called upon the
Teutonic Order, offering them Transylvanian holdings to
keep that frontier safe. This is a long-awaited opportunity for
Lord Jiirgen to move those knights who are under his sway into
the Tzimisce lands and claim those lands for his own. Such a
bold move deserves another, and Jiirgen has announced that
he is to reign as vampiric lord of Magdeburg on the River Elbe.
The eastern frontier will be his.

While his power ferments, however, Lord Jiirgen's armor
reveals the sliver of a crack. All is not as the Ventrue had
envisioned, and an incident mars the celebration of his new
court. The ensuing debacle puts alliances to the test and forces
shadowy motivations to center stage. The players' coterie has
the chance to earn a place of honor at court and see the first
blows of the war to come.

THEME & Moop

Shadows at Court is a story of uncertainty. While there
isno mistaking Jiirgen's intention to use his court to challenge
Voivode Rustovitch, the motivations of his guests are much less
clear. Envoys, enemies and allies swirl about the Magdeburg
court waiting for any opportunity to gain advantage or elimi-
nate rivals. Subtle schemers weave their way between ambitious
conquerors, and the two are sometimes hard to tell apart.

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

Although they ceremoniously support him, even Jiirgen's
closest allies doubt his abilities to wage war.

This same uncertainty spreads to the future as well as the
present. Cainites are creatures of habit who are used to
existing with a calcified status quo of immovable elders. But
those nights are coming to an end, and Jiirgen's bold move to
cut at the very heart of the Tzimisce domain is a clear sign of
even greater chaos to come. And so the support of his peers
is wary, for to embrace this campaign seems certain to lead to
an all out war.

Magdeburg' Cainites fearfully anticipate the conflict that
Jiirgen's court heralds. The mood in the city is as gray as the
winter skies. While Magdeburg's childer brace for war, tension
and insecurity engulf the streets like a feverish plague.

PLor

Shadows at Court is a mystery told in three acts. The
setting for this story is Jiirgen's court, the site of a great
ceremony at which the Ventrue is to accept the mantle of Lord
of the East, under the mantle of his sire Lord Hardestadt. To
bear witness to this great event, Jiirgen invites many vampiric
factions, some of whom support the Ventrue, others who wish
he would abandon his ambitions.

Act one takes the characters to the grand reception and
among the most powerful forces in the region. In the palatial
surroundings, the coterie witnesses the presentations of many
envoys who come to offer their alliance or pay tribute. Some
openly challenge the Ventrue's power bid; others who oppose
Jiirgen whisper their hushed disapproval from the shadows.

The most significant symbol of Jiirgen's acceptance comes
fromthe CourtsofLove's Toreadorenvoy, Rosamund oflslington.
She presents the Ventrue lord with a gift of great symbolic
significance: a broadsword inlaid with Teutonic, Ventrue and
Toreador symbols. After each party makes its presentations, a
nervous fete marks the evening. Before it is over, the symbol of
the Toreador-Ventrue alliance is challenged, and a betrayal that
mocks Jiirgen's pretensions breaks the pre-war preparations.

In act two, the characters attempt to make sense of the
disruption. Vampiric egos and agendas clash, and the conflict
draws the characters into a struggle to find the truth. They also
make the acquaintance of agents who will play a vital role in
future events.

Act three brings the coterie a hair's breadth from the real
mystery. The characters take charge of the investigations sur-
rounding the challenge to Jiirgen's authority. During their quest,
the young vampires bear witness to events that set the stage for
the coming war. The act endsas the characters unmask their foes.

CHARACTER INTRODUCTIONS

Jiirgen, like the great kings of the Dark Medieval, is both
tuler and general. In the former role, he has summoned a wide
variety of Cainites to Magdeburg to mark his new title, and
many others may come unannounced. Shadows at Court uses
the basic assumption that the players' characters are tied to a
vampiric court that is allied with Lord Jiirgen. They may be the
lords of asmall hamlet or shire that owes fealty to Jiirgen or his
own lord, Hardestadt. They could also be envoys of a vampiric


prince or baron in that situation, or something else altogether.
Their official task is to show support for the new Lord of the
Eastern Marches, but they are also in Magdeburg to scrutinize
his actions. Elders probably await reports from the characters
andexpect them to offer whatever support they reasonably can
in order to forge bonds of vassalage and prestation between
themselves and the ambitious Ventrue. They should also keep
careful track of other envoys and agents in Magdeburg.

There are, of course, plenty of other reasons that the
characters could be at court. Some of these include:

© Foreign Observers: The coterie hasnoconnection to either
Jigen or Rustovitch. The characters are from western lands,
Outremer, the Papal States or some other domain, and they are
pasing through the region — pethaps to examine the events
surrounding the continued dynastic unrest in the Holy Roman
Empire. Asa good host, Lord Jiirgen offers them his hospitality and
invites them to bear witness to the official ceremony.

© Agents of Rustovitch: The characters are Voivode
Vladimir Rustovitch's secret agents. Their instructions are to
witness the ceremony and to record the event, not to disrupt the
evening. (There will be ample time for such displays later.) The
characters must amass information on the workings of Jiirgen's
court. Since they are relative newcomers in the region, the
characters' infiltration should be effortless: Virtually every vam-
pire in the region has received an invitation. The characters are
not necessarily Rustovitch's thralls. The so-called voivode of
voivodes may simply have reached an accord with well-placed
vampires to trade information for other services. Just how much
the vampires hold back from their patron, and how they prevent
him from discovering that, is up to the players.

© Ne'er-do-wells and Undesirables: Although Shadows
at Court is a story of courtly doings, Magdeburg is hardly a city
of lords alone. Many of the vampiric envoys arriving to witness
Jiirgen's declarations bring an entourage of low-blooded spies
and agents with them. Any gathering of powerful vampires
attracts others to it, as well. Jiirgen himself has invited Ravnos
entertainers, and many other of the supposedly low-blooded are
bound to show up as well. A group of less-than-noble vampires
caneasily find ways into the court, either as part of the entourage
ofapatron or through contacts among the assembled vampires.

Mayor PLAYERS

A trinity of forces directs the events of Shadows at Court.
One of the key players is Lord Jiirgen and his army. As the
Ventrue's nemesis, Voivode Rustovitch is the second power.
Even though he makes no appearance, Lord Vladimir casts a
large shadow over Jiirgen's procession. Lastly, an unknown force
isattempting to carve its own domain from the territories of the
others. It is the coterie's task to uncover the mysterious agent's
true face before he crumbles the region's fragile power structure.

Lorp JURGEN

Vassal to the most powerful Germanic Ventrue, Lord
Hardestadt, Jiirgen has become one of the preeminent princes
in the Holy Roman Empire. Not only has he amassed a goodly
number of vassals, but Jiirgen has extended his reach to eastern
regions that were previously immune to the empire's touch. To

facilitate his plans of conquests, he has seeded the Teutonic
Knights with loyal servants. Under the guise of holy crusade,
Jiirgen is thus able to defeat his opponents usinga legion of well-
trained knights.

With the debacle among the Arpad brood of Ventrue (see
p. 13), new opportunities have opened up for Jiirgen in Hun-
gary. His agents have been operating in the region for several
years, and now that Bulscuand Nova Arpad's position hasbeen
weakened, he has inserted agents in the court of King Andras
of Hungary. His chief agent there is Baron Heinrich von
Achern, who has helped secure an invitation for the Teutonic
Knights to defend the kingdom's frontier from the pagan
Cumans. By concentrating his agents among the Teutons who
are sent to Hungary, Jiirgen hops to cut out part of the Tzimisce
heartland, weakening the Fiends and opening up all of
Transylvania and Poland for conquest. It is a daring plan, one
he intends to reveal during the ceremony marking the estab-
lishment of his court at Magdeburg.

VorvopE VLADIMIR RUSTOVITCH

Regal and confident, Vladimir Rustovitch is a spire of
strength, tenacity and perseverance. Using skilled spies, tacti-
cal genius and an ability to meet any enemy brutality for
brutality, Rustovitch has fashioned one of the most impressive
estates in Hungary and become voivode of voivodes with the
support of several Tzimisce elders. Vladimir Rustovitch is
everything he presents himself to be: a powerful lord who has
both wits and courage to crush his opponents. Even though
some have tried to usurp his power, no one has succeeded.

The land under Vladimir's reach is quite vast. For the most
part, displays of force are unnecessary to remind Cainites of his
right to rule. But Rustovitch has been unable to dispose of the
Tremere Usurpers, and that weakness has opened him to other
attacks. He knows that he must stand firm againstall challengers,
lest the othervoivodes decide that he must be replaced. Jiirgen just
may be more than he can handle, however.

Myca Vyxos

A wanderer since the fall of Constantinople in 1204, the
Obertus Tzimisce Myca Vykos seeks a secure domain from
which to operate. He speaks in the name of the Dracon, an
enigmatic Tzimisce Methuselah, so he operates with a certain
immunity as long as he doesn't make himself into an overt
threat. This immunity gives him all the freedom he needs to use
his greatest strengths: subtlety and guile. Should he wish it,
Myca Vykos has enough influence to gain an audience with
Vladimir Rustovitch.

Like Lord Jiirgen, Myca is ambitious. Unlike the Patrician,
he believes that he can accomplish more through patience and
manipulations. This he learned with the Obertus, a scholarly
order of Tzimisce monks, and through the teachings of his sire,
Symeon of Byzantium. Currently, Myca observes Lord Jiirgen's
machinations with interest. Although he does not believe that
Jiirgen will triumph, Myca is convinced that the Ventrue's
crusade will offer a unique opportunity to establish a domain.
Myca bides his time, watching for possible forces that he can
sway to his side.

SHADOWS AT COURT


Jervais, Macus oF CLAN TREMERE

Given unlife in 1102, Jervais is a true schemer. A represen-
tative of Ceoris, the Tremere stronghold, Jervais is aware of his
clan's precarious existence. The Usurpers have been under assault
from the Tzimisce for decades, and they have few allies elsewhere.
Therefore, Jervais is seeking an alliance that would strengthen his
clan. The sorcerer is present at Jiirgen's regalia as an envoy.
Blinded by his desires for power, Jervais is willing to use any means
necessary to forge alliances. Sensing the coming conflict between
Jiirgen and Rustovitch, Jervais is hoping to leach a favor from the
Ventrue lord or place him in a position in which he views an
alliance with the Tremere as an indispensable commodity. Two
other Tremere accompany Jervais: his childe Alexia of Nicosia
and a French magus named Thierry.

Minor PLAYERS

Since Shadows at Court is but the opening volley ofa war,
those who play a part later in the struggle could well be
introduced at this time. The opening of Jiirgen's court also
draws the eyes of many Cainites. You can easily insert charac-
ters from other courts and lands, who may play an important
role in your own chronicle.

BARON HEINRICH VON ACHERN

A trusted vassal of Jiirgen's, von Achern is a born politi-
cian who has inserted himself and several of his ghouls into the
entourage of King Andras of Hungary. Armed with the story of
Nova Arpad's disgrace, Jiirgen and von Achern have enforced
their place at court and displaced many of her agents. Bulscu
Arpad, Bulgarian overlord and Nova's patron, has had little
choice but to concede to their demands for the time being. Von
Achem has traveled from the royal court at Esztergom to Buda-
Pest and finally Magdeburg carrying official sanction from the
weakened Ventrue lords Nova Arpad, Bulscu and Vencel
Rikard allowing Jiirgen's forces to claim domain in Hungary.

Kara ViAszy Lupescu

Part of Rustovitch's brood Embraced from the Vlaszy family
of Magyar revenants, Kara is a slap in the face of Tzimisce
stereotypes. Although she bears some signs of fleshcrafting, she
has the demeanor of a knight and courtier. Honorable and well
spoken, she is Voivode Rustovitch's most trusted envoy to
western courts, both mortal and unliving. As such, she is in
Magdeburg to represent the voivodate. It is here, also, thatshe first
clashes with von Achern, which will have important implica-
tions in latter years.

Morrow THE SHGE

Morrow the Sage is a powerful Gangrel roaming southern
Hungary. One of the oldest childer of the dreaded Arnulf,
Morrow has forged many alliances among the Gangrel packs of
the region and formed a territorial attachment to their lands.
Given to great wisdom, the elder Gangrel has the respect of
most of the region's packs, and she can lead them ina conflict
ifthe need arises. Although she possesses a cool demeanor, she
can be ferocious if provoked.

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

ROSAMUND OF ISLINGTON

The envoy of the vampiric Courts of Love (which have
domain over large parts of France), Rosamund isatcourt to present
Lord Jiirgen with a powerful symbol of the Toreador-Ventrue
alliance. This great courtly event is hardly the first she has
attended, and, despite the grandeur of Jiirgen's procession,
Rosamund maintains a calm presence that befits her experience
and grace. Secretly, Rosamund also hopes to enthrall Lord Jiirgen.
Unfortunately, though, a traitor's plans jeopardize these schemes.

LucRETIA VON HARTZ

Jiirgen's most valuable ally, Lucretia is wholly devoted toher
lord. She is rational and friendly, but she becomes ruthless when
angered. Lucretia is a knight with superb skills. She leads many
of Jiirgen's Teutons, and she is an indispensable asset on the
battlefield. Lucretia is also honorable, and she does not suffer
cowards or fools who try to sully her pristine image.

ALBIN

Albin, also mockingly called the Ghost of Magdeburg,
continues to exist only at Jiirgen's mercy. The Caitiff hid from
kine and Cainite alike for years. Fellow vampires called him a
ghost because of his diminutive stature, his unusually pallid
complexion and his existence more as a phantom than a
nightly predator. When Jiirgen took command of the city, he
rightfully saw that Albin's unprecedented knowledge of the
city could be useful. Still, Jiirgen is a cruel master, and he never
lets Albin forget that he owes him his existence.

Aull

To most who know her, Akuji is an enigma. Of North
African descent, Akuji possesses an adventurous spirit. She
traveled from her native land to Europe, becominga storyteller
ofsome renown. Despite herskills, Akuji was looked upon with
disdain. Sensing her solitude and her penchant for accumulat-
ing knowledge, a Nosferatu embraced Akuji and made her his
apprentice. It is during her tutelage that Akuji met Jiirgen,
himself then a neonate. Since that time, the pair have been
close friends, and Jiirgen can count on Akuji's loyalty, which is
second only to Lucretia's devotion.

SILAS AND THE RAVNOs ENTERTHINERS

Having heard reports of Silas' dazzling spectacles at various
Cainite gatherings, Lucretia recommended that Jiirgen hire the
Ravnos services for the instatement ceremony. Silas and his two
Ravnos comrades care little for what they see as the pretentious
games of vampiric courts. They prefer gaining a reputation as agile
jugglers and, of course, master tricksters to the few that appreciate
such things.

THE COTERIE'S
INTRODUCTION

The opening chapter of Shadows at Court presumes that
Lord Jiitgen has welcomed the characters. The manner in which
Jiirgen or his vassals invite the coterie varies depending on the
characters' origins. Currently, Jiirgen is intoxicated with the


notion of extending his influence across the Elbe and beyond. It
isnot particularly difficult even for outsiders to gain access to the
court. Jiirgen is anxious to have word of his power spread.

* Official Envoys: Months ago, Jiirgen sent envoys to
vampiric courts throughout Europe to invite them to send
observers to Magdeburg. Many of those invited are courts also
associated with Hardestadt and Clan Ventrue, but Jiirgen
made sure to invite others who might be less disposed to wish
him well. The more who come to Magdeburg, regardless of
their agendas, the more legitimate Jiirgen's claim to power
seems. Those who sent word that they would be arriving find
quarters prepared for them in the fortified town, and a ghoul
agent or even Lucretia herself meets them. Those who arrive
unannounced (but bearing the letters ofa known lord) find less
spacious quarters but are welcome nonetheless. Jiirgen's ghouls
announce their presence when the ceremony begins, and
attendees are introduced.

* Courtly Spies: The coterie has come to Magdeburg under
the pretext of friendship. Like Lord Jiirgen's true allies, the coterie
represents a court having received an invitation to the Patrician's
instatement. Unbeknownst to Jiirgen, the coterie (or perhaps the
lord they represent) is secretly allied to Rustovitch. If this is not a
viable option for the characters, they can still act as informants.
But rather than being real representatives of a court, Rustovitch
hasfabricated a lie: The coterie is impersonatinga group of courtly
envoys. Regardless, the coterie may share an alliance of sorts with
Rustovitch, but the characters are still largely independent. In
order to succeed, the characters must tread carefully. Jiirgen is
observantand hasspies of his own. He may suspect that the coterie

s I: Dark Tides Rising (set in
1197) or Bitter Crusade (set in 1202 through 1204)
may very well havea history with some of the characters

who appear in Shadows at Court and throughout

Under the Black Cross.

Those who helped establish a fort in Tihuta Pass in
Dark Tides Rising may very well have done so acting
on orders of Lucretia von Hartz. If so, they have every
reason to come to Magdeburg, since they are probably
vassals of Jigen already. Even those who did so under
the auspices of another faction are likely implicated in
the vampiric politics of the region by 1211, and they
could well receive an invitation to court to help secure
the Teutonic Knights' position. With the reversal in
Arpad fortunes, they may well be looking to keepaneye
on Jiirgen or cement an alliance with him.

Those who have a history with Myca V:
either story) probably recognize that he i
manipulator and that betrayal is to be expected. Even if
they truly hate him, there's little thi in. do again:
him save warn others. By the time they are really ina
position to harm Vykos (in Chapter Three: A Call to
Arms) he'll be too valuable to undermine.

is made up of informants, but that will not bother him. Jiirgen is all
for keeping his enemies within striking distance — and sending a
clear message to the Fiends. Still, the Ventrue is no fool, and the
characters are watched.

© Others: Characters arriving without feudal patronage
canstill gain access to the goingson. The Ravnosentertainersare
only part of the night's festivities, and enterprising vampires can
insert themselves into the spectacle. Others may simply roost
around Magdeburg without taking part in the ceremony itself.
Jiirgen can just as easily stage the Ravnos entertainment in his
stronghold's courtyard, opening the events to other vampires
a beneficent lord might. Character might well be in town
searching for something other than Jiirgen's attention. Stories of
witch-hunters tied to the crusades are a growing source of
concern among the more careful vampiric lords, and they ma
well send agents to investigate the Teutonic Knights, the newest
of the major military orders.

Aict ONE:
Fra, ALLIANCES

This first act, taking place ona dark and damp winter night
in 1211, highlights the stark splendor of Lord Jiirgen'snew court.
The ceremony takes place entirely within Jiirgen's stronghold,
specifically within the castle's opulent ceremonial chamber. The
characters bear witness to the lavish affair. They also make the
acquaintance of Cainites who are associated with the Ventrue
leader. While mingling with other guests, the coterie discovers
that the pretentious display fails to mask the uncertainty in the
room. As scenes progress, the characters encounter some of Lord
Jiirgen's opponents. They also stumble across a mystery.

SCENE ONE:
Tue Courtty PARADE

The coterie arrives in Magdeburg. The normally still and
quietstreetsare thick with tensionand dread. Rarely do citizens
venture forth after dark, but tonight seems to engender greater
caution still. Doors are bolted tight, lights are dimmed, and
shutters are closed. Sensing no distinction between the chill of
the bare night and the cold seeping from homes, the coterie
may well wonder if all mortals have abandoned the city.

The characters may not know the reason for this air of
disquietude. Since the establishment of Jiirgen's court and the
arrival of the Teutons, Magdeburg's kine live in fear. Although
most of them are unaware of Jiirgen and cannot fathom a
vampiric link, their instincts tell them that the night has become
more dangerous. Lone travelers disappear, and townsfolk hear
tales of their neighbors being weakened in the night by vile
spirits. The knights' presence is hardly reassuring either. Often
cloistered in theirkeeps, the Teutonsseem tocome into the town
proper only to deliver swift justice to sinners and traitors. Those
with even a small shame to hide fear the Black Cross. as much as
they do the night.

SHADOWS AT COURT


GREETINGS

Assuming that the characters are allies who received an
invitation, one of Jiitgen's vassals approaches the characters
soon after they make their appearance in Magdeburg. This
representative is most likely an indentured knight, either a
ghoul or a Cainite servant. He asks for the characters' names
and demands to know why they roam Lord Jiirgen's domain. If
the coterie presents its invitation, the servant welcomes the
coterie to Magdeburg. Additionally, he bids the characters to
follow him to Jiirgen's keep and join in the festivities. The
servant leads the coterie through winding cobblestone streets
with such ease and alacrity that it would be difficult for the
characters to retrace their steps. The coterie gains entrance to
the celebration chambers.

If the coterie has not received an invitation, one of
Jiirgen's servants approaches the characters while they prowl
Magdeburg's streets — this after having spent a considerable
amount of time observing them. The playersshould be allowed
a roll to notice that someone or something is stalking their
characters (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 7). Ifa character
spots the prowler, Jiirgen's servant makes her appearance. She
asks why the coterie is in town. She also asks the characters'
names. Unless the characters grossly violate Cainite etiquette
by refusing to recognize Jiirgen's domain or by threatening his
agent, she welcomes them and invites them to join the
festivities. If they are wealthy or high-blooded, she invites
them to stand as representatives of their court (whatever that
might be). If they are less presentable — entertainers, lepers or
pilgrims, say — she has them come to observe, but she forgoes
presenting them to the assembled envoys.

Jiirgen has many loyal servants, and any number of vassals
can greet the coterie upon its entry into the city. If only to
foreshadow their future involvement in the play, Lucretia von
Hartz or Albin the Caitiff can be the first characters to
approach the coterie. Although the characters can deduce
superficial traits from first impressions, it is far too early at this
stage of the game to guess these characters' involvement in the
events that are to unfold.

THE GRAND HALL

Jiirgen's servant escorts the coterie to the Grand Hall, where
a number of Cainite dignitaries are chatting and observing the
room with keen interest. Ghouls, unreleased childer and other
servants may attend those who dress and act as nobles and lords.
Shortly after having shown the characters inside, Jiirgen's servant
excuses herself. She leaves to inform Jiirgen of the party's arrival.
She gives Jiirgen the characters' names as well as their places of
origin. Throughout the early evening, other faces make their
appearances, all escorted to the chamber by one of Jiirgen's
servants. This goes on until all of Magdeburg's Cainites residents
are present or accounted for. Only then does the evening proceed.

Although the room is rather dimly lit, the characters can
still perceive many details in this chamber. The Grand Hall, as
Jiirgen's servant called it, is vast and open. The indiscernible
ceiling is well over 20 feet high, disappearing in a veil of
shadows. Four stone and marble pillars demarcate the edges of
the hall. Old paintings and richly textured Ventrue banners
adom the walls. Against the furthest wall is an elevated throne

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

befitting the wealthiest sovereign. An intricate insignia is
meticulously carved within the oak seat. Behind it, a gargan-
tuan Ventrue symbol hangsfrom the wall. Those with knowledge
of such things (say with a ranking of Etiquette 3 or more)
recognize the mark of the powerful Hardestadt in the symbol.
A lush, ruby blanket is draped over the chair, while a series of
luxurious mats, of similar hue, conceal the stone floor. Save for
the door that led the coterie inside, there appears to be no
escape from the Grand Hall.

To the left of Jiirgen's throne isa stage and crimson curtains
that conceal what lies behind. Facing both the stage and Jiirgen's
seat is a regal table covered with gifts, dried floral arrangements
and scrolls. Throughout the room stand Teutonic Knights clad
inarmored mail and helms. No doubt awaiting her lord's arrival,
Lucretia von Hartz stands behind and to the left of Jiirgen's
throne, equally if not more impressive.

THE PROCESSION BEGINS

Lord Jiirgen enters the room, and a wave of restrained
applause fills the chamber. Jiirgen is dressed formally but not
ostentatiously. The most distinguishable adornmentiis Jiirgen's
fine, raven wrap, which devours all nearby light. Following
Jiirgen closely is a woman of irreproachable beauty, Rosamund
of Islington. If not for the intense curiosity focused on the lord,
Rosamund's presence would steal the show. She stands to
Jairgen's right, and a high-backed seat is brought behind her.

Jiirgen raises his hands and the chamber falls silent. The
Ventrue lord makes a short speech thanking all attendees. He
looks to Rosamund and thanks her for participating. All eyes
are on Rosamund, and the chamber erupts in applause once
again. Another beautiful Cainite, Rosamund's male attendant,
holds a velvety, deep blue case and moves behind Rosamund.
Jiirgen and Rosamund take a seat, and a musician makes his
appearance on the stage, creating a pleasant sound as he plays
the flute.

After engaging in more chatter, the various envoys present
themselves to Jiirgen. They approach the Patrician and offer
words of friendship or fealty. This is a perfect opportunity for the
coterie to observe the characters in attendance. In addition to
various Venttue allies, the chamber has its share of notable
guests. characters who mingle can learn the identity of any
attendee easily.

Several Lasombra make their presentations and offer Jiirgen
various historical tomes. Jervais, a Tremere representing Ceoris,
accompanied by two other Tremere warlocks, makes his presen-
tation and offers a scepter of friendship. The chamber surges
slightly as the Tremere makes his presentation. Some envoys
whisperthat the treacherous Tremereare only here to try and forge
a desperate alliance. Other guests do not make so public a
presentation. They include a still Nosferatu who is wrapped like a
mummy and shrouded in darkness; Myca Vykos, a Byzantine
Cainite who, it is whispered, is the favorite of a great Methuselah;
an unusually tame Malkavian; and a woman of dark complexion
named Kara who is said to be Rustovitch's envoy. The most
unusual Cainites in attendance are three brightly clad Ravnoswho
stand insharp contrast to the understated elegance throughout the
room. The Charlatansare present as entertainers, and their leader,
who stands taller than his two brothers, is named Silas.


Rumor Mit
The various presentations and preparations take
several hours, and the assembled Cainites and their
attendants have plenty of time to interact
acterswithafewsocial gracescanuncoversome important
background information. Convey some of the following
rumors and speculation as you see fit. It's best done
through roleplaying, but judicious Charisma + Politi
tolls can also be used to represent time and effort ga
ing information. The sources of the following
lies) are up to you. They are grouped by subject rather
than speaker.
© Jiirgen: "He is nothing but a catspaw for Lord
Hardestadt, you know."; "The most dangerous warrior
ins have."; "He fought in the Holy Land and
wants to call a crusade in the Fiends' lands."
¢ Jervais and the Tremere: "He is a diabolist.";
are here to enchant Lord Jiirgen with their
xpelled from the Tremere fortre:
of Ceoris, so he seeks an alliance against his own kind."
© Magdeburg: "That wretch, Albin, the so-

called prince of this place before Jiirgen and his knights
showed up, you know."; "This
in this number."
© Rosamund: "She's a childe of Queen Isouda de
, one of the French Toreador."; "I hear she
ch knights to their knees with jus!
glance."; "She has alliesamong the most wretched s

ty can't hold vampires

Charlatans and Serpents, they say."
© Baron von Achern: "A Lasombra in Ventrue
; "Andrew of Hungary is his ghoul, they
";"Pve heard he was Bulscu Arpad's bum-boy in his
breathing days."; "It sticks in his craw that Jiirgen and
Lucretia has been to the Holy Land and he hasn't. He
wants to go on crusade."
© The Hungarian Ventrue: "They had so much
potential, once upona time."; "Jiirgen thinks he's going
tocow them, but he'd better be careful. The Arpads are
degenerates, but not fools."; "I hear they've agreed to let
Jiirgen traipse around their domain."
¢ Karaand the Tzimisce: "She'saFiend?1 thought
she was a Brujah, or maybe a Toreador...."; "You think
she's the Fiends' only envoy here? Rustovitch has spies
everywhere."; "Don't be fooled. She sailed up the Elbe
ona'ship with a sail made of flayed skin."

Everyone in the room studies everyone else, no doubt
trying to ascertain the strengths and weaknesses of their peers.
The coterie is also the subject of stares and whispers. Some
people want to know, "Who are the strangers?" As with other
gossip, news of the coterie's origins travels fast. While everyone
is busy scrutinizing every Cainite, characters notice one vam-
pire who draws no attention despite never being far from
Jirgen's side. The procession pays no mind to the diminutive,
pale man. To them he is no more than an insect on a wall. If

characters inquire, they discover that the silent servant is
named Albin, a Caitiff slave of Jiirgen. He is said to be the one
to see to obtain safe feeding.

‘WorD FROM THE EAST

The crowd's attention waxes and wanes with the various
presentations. Fell free to add any dignitaries relevant to your
individual chronicle, for Jiirgen has called together many
ambassadors indeed. The crowd snaps to attention when the
Tzimisce contingent steps forward. Tall and stunningly, inhu-
manly beautiful, Lady Kara approaches flanked by two Vlaszy
revenants in armor. If not for the fact that one of the revenants
seems to have no mouth, their fiendish nature would be
perfectly concealed. Kara bows curtly and addresses Jiirgen.

"Tam Lady Kara Lupescu, Daughter of Ezbeth of Vlaszy,
childe of Radu, and envoy of Vladimir Rustovitch, voivode of
voivodes. My lord asks that I convey his thanks for your
invitation and recognizes your domain over this city and its
hinterland."

Jiirgen's thanks are nothing but a curt nod — an obvious
slight.

"The voivode," Karacontinues, returning Jiirgen's venom,
"does wonder what concern of his are the claims of a petty
German warlord."

"Tf you cannot tell him," comes von Achern's voice as he
steps forward, "I wonder what your mother taught you. After
all, | have heard that the Whore of Bistritz knew all the tricks
to extract secrets from our Arpad kin. Regardless, I'm sure the
truth will become clear soon enough."

Observant characters can pick up on the dynamic of the
room. Many of the envoys from other courts are enjoying the
verbal dueling, barely repressing smirks. Jiirgen, Rosamund and
Vykos watch with forced stoicism. Forher part, Lucretia has her
hand on the hilt of her sword, and several of Kara's ghouls do
as well. The characters may also notice that they are positioned
between the action and several Teutonic Knight ghouls.
Jiirgen breaks his silence by calling for Baron von Achern to
continue.

"Milord, as you surely know, Andras, the mortal king of
Hungary, has been convinced that the pagan Cumans on his
eastern frontier pose a threat to his realm. In order to defend his
lands, he has called up the aid of the Order of the German
Hospital of St. Mary.

"For myself, I bear with me letters of state from Lord Bulscu
Arpad and his vassals, Lady Nova Arpad and Prince Vencel of
Buda and Pest, inviting you to claim domain in the region under
the auspice of the Hospital. They agree that you can and should
stand against the Fiends who infest those dark lands."

Kara is visibly stunned for a few seconds. "Those lands are
neither theirs to grant nor yours toclaim, Patrician. The Founder
made covenant with the very earth there. No letters of state or
mortal catspaw can come before that."

"We shall see about that, whore's-daughter," von Achern
replies.

Kara draws her sword and bears terrible fangs as the insult
hits home. Here revenant seconds draw their weapons as well,

and the hall resounds with the sounds of steel as Lucretia and
her knights do the same. The knights behind the players'

SHADOWS AT COURT


coterie leap into action as well, and the characters may well get
swept up in the action, as one of the knights — Brother Kurt
— lunges forward. Characters can stop things from getting out
of hand by restraining Kurt and reminding everyone that they
are in Jiirgen's home. Insults are one thing, but bloodshed is
another. If they don't doso, Jiirgen bellows for everyone to stop
once Kara has landed a powerful blow on the ghoul Kurt.

Kara reins in her burgeoning frenzy aftera few seconds and
storms out without another word.

THE FINAL PRESENTATION

The room is still reeling from the standoff between von
Achern and Lady Kara, barely processing the Baron's news
about Hungary as of yet. Lord Jiirgen has yet to pronounce
whether he is going to act on this news, and how.

Choosing her moment, Rosamund of Islington rises from
her seat. Throughout the procession and as the envoys pre-
sented their gifts, she offered nothing but a slight curve of her
lips. Yet as she stands, Rosamund has the eyes and ears of every
Cainite; and this without needing to request silence. She takes
afew steps forward, and her aide moves beside her, opening the
precious case that he has guarded valiantly all night. "I come
to offer a great symbol of the favor of the Courts of Love," she
says majestically. She poetically describes the making of the
sword. Each gem, she claims, is among the rarest of its kind
while the metal — of pristine quality — was forged by Europe's
finest smiths. Reaching into her companion's case, Rosamund

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

raises a shining broadsword inlaid with precious gems and
covered in decorative crests.

Jiirgen thanks Rosamund for her gift as he does all the
guests and then segues into his own pronouncement. "I am
heartened," he announces, "that so many have graced
Magdeburg with their presence this night. And I greet the kind
words of my Hungarian kin and our Artisan peers with equal
cheer. Baron von Achern, Lady Rosamund, you have given me
the tools with which to right many wrongs.

"T have set my court upon the River Elbe fora reason. For
too long, the Eastern Marches have been wild and untamed,
tuled by a collection of terrifying lords of Clan Tzimisce and
other forces darker still. Our clanmates and allies in Hungary
and Bohemia have suffered at their hands for too long. The
Fiends' twisted legions have plagued every just plan to defend
our domains against pagan and Saracen, even going so far as to
raid into Dalmatia during the crusade of 1202. It is time for this
to end."

Jiirgen raises the sword that he has just received to punc-
tuate his point. "We canno longerstand idly by and wait for the
next, inevitable assault. With the accord of the noble Arpads,
my vassals undertake the construction of strongholds in
Kronstadt, in the Transylvanian region of Hungary. This
domain shall serve as a bulwark against the aggressive Fiends,
and I pledge myself and my sword to defending it."

For a solid minute, the assemblage remains in stunned
silence. The implications of claiming domain in the Tzimisce


ing most of the procession, is now visibly aroused. Clearly,
Rosamund's presentation has delighted the Ventrue lord. In
addition, Jiirgen is proud of his announcement, and he relishes

j various presentations, ‘ultima and prock the thought of gaining domain over Hungary.
mations of this first act have very serious impl

of Under the Black Cross, but in some cases GANGREL WARNINGS
bea little less than dramatic in play. If the players ar« While the dance is underway and the Toreador envoys
just sitting back watching you play out various speeches, slowly entice more Cainites to join their fete, a thunderous crash
ion can get boring all too: quickly. The key to spoils the scene anda gust of wind blows the stage's curtains open.
keeping the players interested is to get them involved in The musician stumbles backwards and onto the stone floor. The
the goings on and interacting with the participants. Look crowd falls silent as three towering figures emerge from the
for any opportunity to do so, such crimson curtains, all dressed in furs and other rough clothing.
© "Wouldn't You Say?": In the midst of one of the The central figure, a massive woman, stands considerably taller
many presentations or arguments that happen in this than the others. Reacting with lightning speed, a ghoul knight
t, have the participants call for support from one or leaps onto the stage brandishing his sword in a vast, sweeping
more of the characters. Vampire courtiers are skilled at motion. But the intruders are faster still. Two of them move
picking the right impromptuallies, so have von Achern forward to counter the attack and swipe their claws at the ghoul
(for example) ask the opinion, of characters who are knight. The brash Teuton's head falls from his body, rolling onto
likely to agree with him. For best effect, have the the floor where the guests part in horror.
participants pit one coterie member against another The three hulking figures are Gangrel, come to protest the
and see if the players can turn it to their advantages. evening. All three are particularly imposing. The two slightest
Animals A foot: Ifany of the characters decide to savages, still immense in comparison to the attendees in the
leave the hall to have a look around, make the player roll Grand Hall, possess blatantly animalistic features — tusks,
Perception + Alertness (difficulty 8) to spot a pack of glowing eyes and patches of fur. The third and largest Gangrel,
wolves creeping through the streets of Magdeburg. With though ferocious in appearance, is collected, and she manages
three successes, the character might even e to convey that she is in control. Lucretia, sword in hand, is
flow into mist or into the form of a wild woman. q ready for combat. If not for Lord Jiirgen's restraining hand, she
Morrow. Even if the player fails the roll, dole out a few would not hesitate to attack.
hints — perhaps wolf song that s awfully close. For the first time this evening, Lord Jiirgen reveals his true
¢ I Spy With My Undead Eye: Characters paying physical presence. Though not overtly as frightening as the
attention to the assemblage can pick up any number of Gangrel, he is clearly a force to be reckoned with. The Ventrue
interesting clues that could have them investigate (and tises from his throne and commands attention without even
interact) further. Successful Perception + Subterfug making a sound. His presence is so powerful that he virtually
tolls could reveal one of von Achern's seconds seething radiates authority, making everyone temporarily forget any
with anger (he is an Arpad vassal who hates to be doubts they may have about his leadership. Even the cool
subjected to the German Ventrue), Vykos in conver Rosamund is caught off guard.
tionwith Lady Kara (onthe meritsofObertusphilosophy "How dare you disrupt this ceremony?" Jiirgen demands,
and the fate of Constantinople) or Silas the Ravnos once all eyes are upon him. The Gangrel turn their attention
eyeing a precious bauble on the cloak of one of the toward the Ventrue lord. "Speak your mind!" he orders them.
Lasombra delegates. The tallest Gangrel, a female with gray quill-like fur,
barks her response. She identifies herself as Morrow and
declares that Lord Jiirgen's ceremony isa mockery. She knows
that Jiirgen has sent a force of knights in Hungary, and she
declares that the land there is only Rustovitch's at her
pleasure. The wilds in which Jiirgen intends to build his
strongholds are held by Gangrel packs, and even Rustovitch
operates there only because he pays tribute. She has no
interest in revising that agreement, and she demands that
Jiirgen rescind his attempts to establish his authority. She will
view anything less as a challenge.

SCENE Two Ds Morrow makes her declaration not in the hopes of initiat-
a q ing diplomatic discourse, but rather as a warning: Heed her

FERAL DisRUPTIONS words or else. The Gangrel leave as they arrived, like the gust
AtLord Jiirgen's command, music and dance erupt inthe —_of a raging wind. Jiirgen mulls the warnings fora moment then

chamber. A group of Toreador envoys attached to Rosamund __ smilesinconfidence. After ordering Lucretia tosecure hiskeep,
begin the dance by inviting other dignitaries to join them in _he asks that the nervous revelers pick up where they left off, as

celebration. Jiirgen, who maintained a cool detachment dur- if nothing had occurred.

heartland sink in with each moment, until several of the
vampires closely aligned with Jiirgen burst into loud cheers.
Soon others join the chorus. Many of the dignitaries refrain
from cheering, however, and they break into discussion of how
jirgen's plan may redraw the map of influence. It is no
coincidence that Jiirgen has made this speech and thata sword
isthe chosen mark of the Ventrue-Toreador alliance. War has
been declared.

SHADOWS AT COURT


While considering Morrow's threats genuine, Jiirgen does
not believe that the Gangrel brood can or will ultimately
become involved in the political affairs of the high clans,
which they typically abhor. He is sure that the Animals will let
their "betters" fight it out then settle with who ever comes out
on top. He smells the fetid taint of Rustovitch's manipulative
hand in this affair, especially since the Gangrel arrived shortly
after Kara, Rustovitch's envoy, left the chamber. At this point,
nothing can stay Jiirgen's determination, and he knows that he
cannot back down and still save face. Although the characters

and envoys do not yet know of its significance, this scene
Gangrel predators in the

foreshadows the involvement of the G
coming war.

SCENE THREE:
THe GHMES AT CourT

Sensing that the festive mood has been sullied, Lord
Jiirgen wishes to erase the memory of the Gangrel disruptions.
The third scene begins as the dance ends and Jiirgen calls for
his entertainers to amuse the audience. The crowd pushes
forward in anticipation.

OR TRUTHFUL Tal

Among the many colorfulattendeesat)
the Malkavian poet, Kalvin, is one of the most captivat-
ing. Although he remains still for most of the soiree, the
Mal n comes to life when itis time to give hisstatel
gift, the reading of a poetic creation prepared especially
for Lord Jiirgen and his guests. The Malkavian gives a
long, sad discourse on the tragedies of forlorn love. Kalvin
speaks of a mythical prince struggling against a terrible
demon who brutally rapes his one true love. Rather than
quench hisfires of hatred, thisprince retaliz ates with equal
brutality, defiling his demonic foe's prized po
Sadly, the tragic prince does not recognize his foll
f ht so mercilessly is none but himself, who

«d by his own gaze ina mirror. The demon
s completely i imaginary and the horrors mmitted
were the prince's own sins. Upon realizing thi
mare, the prince goes mad and falls to Hades, never again
to walk the earth.

To characters who pay careful attention, Kalvin
offers poetry that is cryptically evocative of the tensions
in the region. The Malkavian's poem, particularly the
disturbing and graphic description of the womans rape,

eaks of the destructive folly of Jiirgen's assault on the
villages of Transylvania. The poem itself, while allud-
ing to many things, offers the opinion that Rustovitch
and Jiirgen are two sides of the same coin. Whether Lord
Jiirgen or anyone else in attendance decrypt the
Malkavian's poetry, they choose not to act on the
insolent critique.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

The first artist is Kalvin, a Malkavian thespian who
skillfully interprets a series of poems; some of his own making,
others from famed scribes. The crowd seems largely indifferent,
although some of the more learned delegates may compliment
him on his rhetorical skills. The Ravnos acrobats and jugglers
follow and immediately capture the room's attention. The
artists possess impressive skills, handling an assortment of
dazzling, colorful trinkets. They also fling sharp and fragile
playthings, seemingly oblivious to the danger. At the height of
their act, the performers juggle lit torches to the amazement of
all. Faced with the danger of fire, the Beast rears its ugly head,
and several guests recoil to the far end of the hall.

At the end of the performances, each entertainer bows
before Jiirgen in a clearly rehearsed fashion. They approach
the lord while he holds the sword. The Ravnos and the
Malkavian kneel and kiss the precious weapon, a sign of their
fealty, and (to the crowd) an acknowledgment that Jiirgen is
the preeminent lord of the domain. Yet, several scurrilous
tongues wag that this is part of their act. The Charlatans,
these supposed experts say, defiantly reject the political
structures that their haughty cousins have constructed.

THe DECEPTION REVEALED

While the Ravnos bask in the room's congratulatory offer-
ings, the Tremere envoys—the evening's final act — prepare for
their presentation. Wearing thick robesstained with sown runes,
noone in the room can mistake that these Cainites are sorcerous
Usurpers. Some observers demonstrate open disgust, but most
offer polite greetings. The Tremere offer shows of petty
Thaumaturgy, which elicits a mixture of polite awe and re-
strained disgust. Even Lord Jiirgen takes interest in the Tremere's
workings — something that conveniently works to the advan-
tage of the conjuring Cainites desperately seeking an alliance.

After flashy displays, the Tremere begin their final trick:
divination. For this act, the magi require the participation of
attendees; some are eager to offer their assistance. The Tremere
focus their sorcery on private possessions, from which they will
discover secrets and origins. After they are given several items
and they successfully divine truths (perhaps drawing one of the
coterie members into their workings), Lord Jiirgen rises and
halts the spectacle. He presents the Toreador gift to Jervais and
asks him to reveal the origins of the sword's painstaking craft.

If she is concerned by this challenge, Rosamund doesn't
show it. She simply nods and awaits the Tremere's divination.
She knows the Ventrue lord well enough to realize that Jiirgen's
request is meant to impress upon the envoys the value and rarity
of the precious sword. Jervais grasps the prize, smiles, closes his
eyes and turns to the audience, running his chubby fingers
across the gem-adorned hilt. He then places it on the ground
and draws an intricate pattern around it with a piece of chalk.
He proceeds to open his fingertip and let fall a single drop of
blood on the blade, which promptly burns away in to a puff of
smoke. Jervais inhales it and after a few seconds, his smile
vanishes and he is visibly agitated. The crowd begins to whisper
and Jiirgen, who sits impatiently, finally requests that Jervais


‘WHISPERS OF TRUTH

Level Three Thaumaturgy Ritual

The ritual enacted by Jervais and his acolytes
invokes the echoes and imprints left upon ol s by
those who hold them dear, starting with their makers
and owners. It is basically a thaumaturgic reworking of
the Auspex power The Spirit's Touch, used to divulge
more precious information, Secrets of manufacture are
the easiest to reveal, since they involve the object itself,
but other hidden truths can attach themselves to an
object. If the item is used in a t act (an assassin's
knife, for example) then the truths of that act may
bubble to the surface. If the item is very important to its
owner — like the heraldic shield of a knight — it may
carry secrets of his actions as well. For this reason,
thaumaturges generally use this ritual on objects held
dear by one they wish to learn more about. (The

stration of their arts during the cet
to impress the crowd, but to
Is about the courtiers.)

The thaumaturge places the object in the center of
ascryingcircle drawn with alchemically prepared chalk.
The circle includes many arcane symbo edtoevoke
the "memory" of the object. After concentratin
few minutes, the thaumaturge flicks onto the object a
single drop of his own fresh blood, which instantly boils
like water on a hot cookstove. The evaporating droplet
releasesa plume of smoke that the thaumaturge inhales.
Hethen receives visions or impressions from the object.

System: The full ritual takes 15 minutes to com-
plete. The player rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty
7) and receives one secret for each success. These
secrets will have to do (in order) with the following: the
object's manufacture or composition, the object's use,

j owner, events that have occurred around
the object. The ritual can also be performed in a
shortened version, which the younger T1
and Thierry use on various object:
only afew minutes, but the difficulty becomes 8 and the
thaumaturge gains only one secret from the objec:
regardless of the number of successes. Even if it isn't
sful, the ritual's casting purges the object clean of
spititual echoes, and it cannot be used on the same
object more than once until the object has had time to
pick up new imprints. The same is true of the Auspex
power, The Spitit's Touch.

provide a promised truth. Some suspect that Jerv:
trick has failed.

"This is a peculiar," Jervais stutters nervously, pushing
back invisible hairs from his bald head. "This blade seems to be
no more valuable than any other. Forgive me, but this is more
astage item than a true blade." Jiirgen demands some explana-
tion, and Jervais explains that his magic revealed a truth. The
sword is either a duplicate, or it is not what the Toreador

magic

claimed it to be. According to the magus, the gems are
imitations and so is the blade, being made of no more precious
materials than a common soldier's blade. "A forgery of remark-
able skill," Jervais finally says. After grabbing the sword from
Jervais, Lord Jiirgen turns to Rosamund, swings the blade high
in the air and brings it down on the stone floor. He raises the
obviously dented blade and shows the blemish to the Toreador.
"Weak forging and false stones," he grumbles, anger and disgust
in his voice. Rosamund says nothing, but embarrassment and
anger stir her Beast. She retains control, but careful observers
may notice quickly bared fangs ot bloodsweat on her brow.
"Usurper trickery," someone whispers.

For the second time, Jiirgen's evening is disrupted. After
quick words with the Tremere, Jiirgen calls for the music to
resume, as if that can possibly distract the baited crowd and
salvage a soiled celebration. Just as Lord Jiirgen and Rosamund
prepare to move behind the curtains with the sword, Jervais
approaches them. Aftera few words, the magusand hisattendant
Alexiahead behind the curtain with Jiirgen and Rosamund. The
Tremere have requested the chance to defend themselves from
accusations of treachery while Jiirgen and Rosamund investigate
the matter, something within their rights as guests of the house.
Nearby characters may overhear this conversation (players
make a Perception + Alertness roll) and others may deduce the
basics (Intelligence + Etiquette).

While the actors of this drama move from the stage, from
a distant corner, the envoys can hear Kalvin the Malkavian
offering his opinion. "A counterfeit sword for a counterfeit
alliance?" he asks, posing the question to the dumbfounded
audience. Everyone stands rooted to the floor awaiting Lord
Jiirgen's return.

Act Two:
FICCUSATIONS AND
RECRIMINATIONS

The second act of Shadows at Court reveals the unsightly
insecurities underlying Jiirgen's court — and in light of the
brewing tensions, the paranoia that reigns among Magdeburg's
Cainites. With the revelation of trickery, factions turn against
each other in attempts to place blame. It becomes clear to the
coterie that a complex, multifaceted deception is at play. The
characters have to uncover the truth despite the chaos in
Jiirgen's keep.

ScENE Four: EXAMINATIONS

After attempting to calm the quarrelsome guests, who
argue the validity of the Tremere claim, Lucretia von Hartz
leaves to join her lord. Meanwhile, Jiirgen's other guards
maintain vigil. They survey the crowd for anyone attempting
to leave the chamber.

OpporTuNiTy KNOCKS

Only two Toreador envoys remain in the chamber. They
angrily eye Thierry, the Tremere whom Jervais left behind. He

SHADOWS AT COURT


stands awkwardly by the stage with all eyes upon him, but no
one approaches him. While the assembly waits, the coterie can
easily make chatter and learn some of the tensions that lie
beneath the surface.

Ideally, the characters observe and gather information that
could later become useful. For now, most envoys in attendance
have little to offer but rumors, but even they can be useful. Some
claim that this upset is part of Voivode Rustovitch's master plan.
They say that not only did he plan the Gangrel disruption, but
healsoconvinced the CourtsofLove to betray Jiirgen. Rustovitch,
they say, is no savage fool like some of his fellow Fiends. He is a
master tactician and political schemer. Other observers are
quick to single out the Tremere, who are known for their
treachery, and who, therefore, must be responsible for this
debacle. Couldn't that ritual have been some form of alchemy
and not divination? From his comer, if the characters ask for his
opinion, Kalvin saysonly, "The Toreadorare the sword's bearers,
and, as everyone knows, bearers are always responsible for
wielding their weapons." Although this might not make much
sense to the characters, in his own peculiar way, Kalvin suggests
that the Toreador themselves must have a role to play in this
affair. As the characters may discover at the end of this chapter
(see p. 41), the Artisan delegation harbors a traitor.

In regards to the sword, the most vocal diplomats either
claim to know nothing or they try to steer blame to others.
Generally, the Cainites display great pettiness. If the characters
approach Thierry, the remaining Tremere, he blurts out his
insecurity. He is newly Embraced, it seems, and this is his first
timeamongother vampires. He wonders if perhaps Jervaisdidn't
make a mistake. Thierry contends that he does not doubt that
the sword is as his master claimed it to be, rather he questions
Jervais' wisdom in revealing the truth in this climate of hostility.
Lastly, Thierry fears that Jervais has inadvertently made his
clan's already precarious position with Jiirgen even more fragile.

Meanwhile, the Toreador envoys continue to assert vehe-
mently that their sword is genuine. They are angry with Jiirgen
for even considering Jervais' claim. After an hour has elapsed,
Jiirgen returns to the chamberafter having examined the sword
carefully. Veiled from the characters' eyes, Lord Jiirgen called
for one of his servants, a gemology expert, to inspect the sword.
After some discussions and further examinations, Jiirgen,
Jervais and Rosamund are in agreement: The sword is indeed
a fake!

This scene closes as Lord Jiirgen reenters the stage and
apologizes for the disruptions. He acknowledges that the sword
isnota genuine item of value. Jiirgen also promises to get to the
bottom of this affair and asks that his guests demonstrate
patience and understanding. He thanks Jervais for his bravery
in revealing the truth despite fear of reprisals. Observant
characters may note that such thanks gives the Tremere
envoysacertain statusat the court. In fact, the Ventrue lordhas
agreed to grant them an audience to discuss possible alliance.

Lord Jiirgen asks politely that the assembled Cainites
remain in the city while he unravels this mystery. The coterie
may note—or hear others mention— that after this disastrous

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

evening, it would be easy and understandable for Jiirgen to lose
his composure and demand that all Cainites be bound to his
keep. Such would be the mark of a lesser lord. By exercising
restraint, Jiirgen projects confidence, which is the very thing
that many Cainites have lacked since Jiirgen moved to
Magdeburg. If nothing else, Jiirgen has managed to salvage a
part of the evening. He has saved face by showing that he is
secure in hisnew court, come what may. By setting the Cainites
free from his hall without interrogations, Jiirgen subtly asserts
his control. It is almost as if he dares the Cainites in attendance
to flee. It doesn't matter where they hide, he seems to say, he
will find all traitors.

SCENE Five: REVELATIONS

The fifth scene deepens the mystery at court. After allow-
ing the Cainites in attendance to leave, the majority of envoys
remain in Jiirgen's keep, hoping to uncover some truth. They
wonder, did Rosamund offer a mocking gift, or is there some
other explanation? The Toreador dignitaries are still in shock.
They maintain that the sword that they brought was made with.
precious gems and was of the finest quality. The crowd whispers
its disbelief. Whether they wish it or not, the characters are
drawn into this mystery.

ROSAMUND SPEAKS

After a brief silence, Rosamund of Islington, still imper-
vious to criticism, makes an announcement. She believes
with unflappable clarity thata thief replaced their sword. She
conjectures that this unknown thief did so either to under-
mine the Toreador-Ventrue alliance, to make a profit from
the item's value, or both. As Rosamund makes the suggestion,
the various Cainites still in the Grand Hall begin to point
fingers. Presented with such surety and emotion, no one
seems to doubt that Rosamund speaks the truth.

Since they are known as thieves, some Cainites immedi-
ately accuse the Ravnos of robbery. Others claim that agents
of Rustovitch infiltrated Jiirgen's fortress to replace the sword
with a fake. Since the coterie is new in town, many Cainites
look at the characters suspiciously. Some also blame the
Gangrel who intruded earlier in the evening. While these
suggestions are made, some Cainites, who sensed the
hangman's noose approaching, are relieved. For the time
being, they have not been accused.

Unless Rustovitch was behind it, the most rational Cainites
in attendance reject the idea that Morrow stole the sword. They
assert that the Gangrel prefer more direct methods of intimida-
tion. The assembled Cainites then erupt into loud arguments, as
two groups form. One, whose most vocal proponentis Baron von
Achern, believes that the Gangrel are responsible, likely in
collusion with Rustovitch. The other, with the Toreador envoy
Ignatius at its head, opposes this opinion. After some time, von
Achern and Ignatius agree that the Gangrel interruption, at the
very least, provided ample opportunity for a would-be thief to
plant a pretender sword. Since the Gangrel pack is not present
to defend itself, it is easy to assign the predators blame, or at least,
to claim that they participated in this mess.


Eyes AND Ears AT Court

Considering the flurry of debates, the players' characters
can easily become overwhelmed, especially ifthey are unfamiliar
with courtly activities. Ifthe characters do not mingle orattempt
to befriend the guests, some Cainites approach them sensing
their confusion and their status as newcomers in the city. Unless
they have an existing enmity (and perhaps even then), Myca
Vykos is the first to befriend the coterie, offering his opinion on
the matter at hand.

Myca believes that the Toreador faction is telling the truth,
and he suspects that Jiirgen will believe the same. IfRosamund's
sword was genuine, the only possible conclusion is that the real
item wasstolen. While sharing his beliefs with the coterie, Myca
reveals little about himself. If the coterie inquires about his
interest, he says that he is merely an observer. Afterward he
departs the characters' company, turns and smiles, and says that
he has no doubt that they will meet again.

Vykos is hardly the only person paying careful attention to
events, however. Akuji, Jiirgen's Nosferatu ally, has ample
reason to mistrust Vykos' interest in her lord's court. She has
many contacts throughout the region who report that Vykos has
been meddling in Jiirgen's affairs. The Byzantine Fiend has
offered handsome gifts to anyone who has information on her
lord. When Akuji notices Myca attempting to befriend the
coterie, she creeps to the characters' side to ascertain the nature
oftheirconversation. She may also approach ifshe notes tension
between the coterie and the Fiend.

Lacking the social grace of a diplomat, Akuji approaches
the characters with no pretensions. She is curious and wants to

know why Vykos spoke with the coterie. Akuji makes no
apologies for her frankness, feeling she is perfectly within her
tight. After all, this is her lord's manor. If they are in any way
familiar with the ways of the Nosferatu, or if one of the coterie's

numbers is a fellow clan member, then this should come as no
surprise. It is a well-established fact that the marked Cainites,
privy as they are to great secrets, often garner information by
requesting it.

Whether the characters reveal the nature of their conver-
sation with Myca is their choice. The coterie may do well to
remember that they are outsiders. Particularly if they are distant
allies or if they are spies trying to gain closer access to Jiirgen's
court, offering some information freely would be to the charac-
ters' benefit. If the characters answer the Nosferatu's questions
and ask her why she is interested in Myca, Akuji says that Vykos
isamysterious man and she isa creature who collects puzzles and
enigmas. She might also let slip that she has been investigating
Vykos, since she believes that he wants toharm Lord Jiirgen. She
does so either to gauge the characters' reactions or in the hopes
that they will communicate the warning to Vykos.

If the characters resist sharing information with Akuji, she
swiftly departs their company with no words. Assuming that the
coterie is forthcoming, Akuji reminds the characters that Cainites
areselfish creatures with hidden agendas. She leavesthe party with
this note: "Always remember that there are shadows behind
shadows."

GATHERING RECOLLECTIONS

After a brief glimpse at the workings of Jiirgen's court, the
characters probably recognize that many factions could be
responsible for the night's tumult. Most Cainites are currently in
agreement that a theft took place. Like any investigators, it is
useful if the characters try to recollect the evening. Having
agreed that the Gangrel perturbation provided a useful distrac-
tion, the coterie may try to recall whether a would-be thief used
the intrusion as an opportunity. Even if the characters don't
share that sentiment and they fail to focus their reconstruction
on the Gangrel disruption, they may still remember clues.
Should the players not specify what their characters try to recall,
the difficulty attached to any rolls should be increased.

Players should roll Intelligence + Alertness for their
characters to recall useful information. Anyone who relies on
her character's knowledge of court proceedings ("Who wasn't
around when they should have been?") may roll Intelligence +
Etiquette to achieve the same results. All rolls are against
difficulty 8, with each success garnering a single clue. Charac-
ters may also gather these clues by interviewing witnesses, in
which case Charisma + Investigation or Subterfuge rolls can
supplement roleplaying.

The first clue that the characters may recollect is that one
of the three Ravnos entertainers (Silas) vanished during the
Gangrel intrusion, disappearing behind the red curtains on the
Grand Hall's stage. The character doesn't remember exactly
when the Ravnos reappeared, he simply recalls seeing him in
the hall after the debacle with the Gangrel ended.

The second clue is only useful in understanding the larger
events at work. Myca Vykos witnessed the disappearance of the
Ravnos entertainer and said nothing. During the chaos, Vykos
remained calm and looked directly at the Ravnos when the

The rush to accuse the Ravnos reflec
y lan'smembers the scapegoats.
for thievery and deception. Characters may gather some
of the following supposed truths from the crowd:

"They hung theft just like others hunger for
blood." (False. Some Ravnos do steal, but that is hardly
a trait of the entire line.)

"They aren't welcome anywhere in Europe." (False.
Many lines of Ravnos have long histories in Europe,
going as far back as Alexander the Great.)

"They conjured that sword from thin air." (Fal
Although Chimerstry is impressive, it would be nigh
impossible to create so convincing a fake lest an ancient

yn. and destroy the works of

stly. There is intra-clan conflict

between different lines of Ravnos and some believe in
undermining order and structure.)

SHADOWS AT COURT


entertainer disappeared behind the curtains. Additionally, the
fact that Myca didn't express surprise during the Gangrel
intrusion suggests that he may have known that it would take
place. Although the coterie has no way of knowing, Myca
hopes to benefit from the coming conflict between Jiirgen and
Rustovitch. His spies revealed that Kara, Rustovitch's envoy,
informed Morrow about Jiirgen's celebration, hoping the
Gangrel would intrude.

The third clue is the disappearance of Jiirgen's Caitiff
servant, Albin. The diminutive slave left the chamber prior to
the Ravnos entertainer. The character who recalls this informa-
tion doesn't remember seeing the Caitiff leave, just that he was
missing during the altercation (although he was present during
the standoff with Kara). Similarly, the character doesn't remem-
ber when Albin reappeared, only that he was by Jiirgen's side
again shortly after the ceremony resumed. Characters with
Auspex may suspect that Albin possesses Obfuscate.

If the characters are unable to recall anything, either Akuji
or Vykos can pass on the first clue. This should only happen if
they have a reason to help the characters, however. Akuji won't
aid anyone whom she feels is there to help Vykos' interests. The
Tzimisce is more amenable, however, and he might well point
the characters in the direction of the Ravnos to further weaken
Jiirgen's hold on his court. He'd rather stay aloof from it all, but
if suitable agents need a little push, so be it.

SCENE SIx:
SHADOWING THIEVES

There is much to gain from solving the dilemma of the
missing sword, and the characters are encouraged to follow up
onany useful details that they remember. Lord Jiirgen is sure to
look kindly on the characters who unravel this mystery. This
favoralone should motivate the coterie tocatch the culpritand
find the sword. Even if the characters are acting as spies for
Rustovitch (or another powerful Cainite) they can make
inroads by uncovering the identity of the missing sword's thief.
The characters' primary duty as spies is to collect information
onJiirgen's court. Solving this embarrassing problem forJiirgen
is certain to gain them favorand thus access to valuable secrets.

FINDING SILAS

Armed with the knowledge that the Charlatan conve-
niently disappeared during the Gangrel intrusion, the most
logical course of action is to stalk Silas' movements. Doing so
shouldn't be all that difficult as long as the characters work
together. A few Intelligence + Investigation rolls (for shadow-
ing) are appropriate. On the second night following Jiirgen's
reception, a few hours short of daybreak, the characters observe
Silas climbing down one of the outer walls of Jiirgen's keep. The
sly acrobat is carrying a bag that he hid during the Gangrel
commotion. The coterie follows the Ravnos to his caravan, a
short distance from Jiirgen's fortress.

The characters may either confront Silas or wait to search
the caravan. If they do the former, the Ravnos puts up only mild
resistance. He is terrified that he is to be staked for the sun and
is likely to run or throw himself on the mercy of those who have

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

found him out. Regardless of how they search the canvas bag, the
characters find a number of trinkets and precious items that the
characters recognize from the reception. They are all items that
the Ravnos has stolen. Silas confesses to his crime immediately.
If the characters ask him about the sword, the Ravnos pleads
ignorance. The characters also notice other canvas bags in the
Ravnos caravan. If they search the bags they find small, stolen
items. Searching more thoroughly through the caravan (Percep-
tion + Alertness, difficulty 6) reveals the object of the characters'
quest: The Toreador broadsword is hidden beneath piles of straw
under the canvas bags.

Upon finding the sword, observant characters notice Silas'
surprise, which seems quite genuine. He swears innocence and
passionately affirms having no idea how the sword made its way
into the caravan. "I swear'tisa trick!" he shouts repeatedly until
gaining the attention of Akuji and Lucretia von Hartz. Soon
enough Lucretia and her knights forcefully drag Silas away. If
the Ravnos fled, the characters can contact Lucretia upon
finding the sword if they wish.

‘Wuat Asour ABN?

Silas, the Ravnos entertainer, was not the only figure to
disappear mysteriously during the Gangrel intrusion. The
characters may have noticed Albin's absence, and they can
pursue this clue one of several ways. If they approach Akuji,
they find the Nosferatu generally unconcerned. Albin, she
says, makes a habit of creeping about the stronghold. He acts as
Jiirgen's eyes and ears, and she would find it suspicious ifhe had
not crept away in the event of an attack. She does not suspect
him of wrongdoing, but she does admit that he might be a good
information source.

The coterie may thus approach Albin directly with either
accusations or inquiries. Albin scoffs at any insinuations re-
garding his loyalty, saying he would never do anything to
jeopardize his lord's love. Although he is not aggressive,
perceptive characters may sense that the Caitiff represses an
inner rage. Having lived at the mercy of others for his entire
existence, Albin has learned to bow to all Cainites, regardless
of their standing. Years of servitude and supplication have
made him bitter, and a keen observer may detect a hint of
resentment. He does not know what happened to the sword, he
says, and he denies any involvement. During the Gangrel
altercation, Albin claims he was moving throughout Jiirgen's
keep, making sure that other forces had not penetrated his
lord's defenses.

The third option open to the coterie is to stalk Jiirgen's
servant. Ultimately, doing so provides little insight on Albin.
Generally, the Caitiff remains within the fortress walls, and he
never does anything especially suspicious. Careful observers
(or those with Auspex) may note that Albin does have some
ability in the Discipline of Obfuscate, seeing him vanish
behind one pillar only to reappear across the room, forexample.
When he does venture out into Magdeburg proper, following
him is distinctly harder. No one in Magdeburg has better
knowledge of the city. If the coterie decides to pursue this
matter directly with Jiirgen, he dismisses the characters' beliefs,
claiming that the Caitiff servant is sly and often lends the


impression that he vanishes. Jiirgen may also be distraught that
the characters are making unfounded insinuations about his
"loyal servant."

Interestingly, while stalking Albin, the characters may
come across another mysterious figure. For their characters to
notice the stranger, players must make a Perception + Alert-
ness roll (difficulty 9). With three or more successes, the
characters discover that the figure is also stalking Albin, not
the coterie. If the characters confront the man, he identifies
himself as Lucius, one of the Toreador accompanying
Rosamund (and companion to Ignatius). Reluctantly, he
teveals that he is investigating the sword's theft, and he is
simply following the characters because he is suspicious. In
fact, Lucius is following Albin to make sure that he doesn't
jeopardize his plans — Albin knows the real culprits. If the
characters confront Lucius and say that they noticed that he
was following Albin and not them, he claims that he was only
keeping an eye on the Caitiff because the coterie seemed so
interested in him. Following this confrontation, Lucius de-
parts the characters' company, angry that they have taken up
his valuable time. For more information on Lucius' involve-
ment, see the aftermath of this chapter (p. 41).

KEEPING IT FOR THEMSELVES

Ambitious characters may opt to keep the sword for
themselves instead of bringing it to Jiirgen or Lucretia, of
course. Just what consequences doing so has depends entirely

on what the characters do with it. If they go to Rosamund, she
thanks them graciously. With their permission, she keeps their
role secret from Jiirgen but acknowledges her debt to them. She
then uses "her" discovery of the sword to subtly show up Jiirgen.
Lucretia approaches them for help in the next act anyway

If the characters do not return the sword at all, they may
be discovered by others investigating matters. The Toreador
Ignatius makes a good candidate for a detective dogging their
heels. He might well accuse the characters of the theft. Just how
they deal with this turn of events is up to them.

Aict THREE:
TRUTH AND LiEs

The third act opens with a mixture of reliefand doubt. On
one hand, the mystery of the missing sword is seemingly solved,
yet many questions remain unanswered. As the coterie had
hoped, Jiirgen offers the characters congratulatory praise. Still,
agnawing doubt lingers. Has the coterie found the real culprit?

SCENE SEVEN:
Gury CInTIL INNOCENT

With the missing sword's discovery, the characters gain
Jiirgen's attention. Despite this victory, the coterie wonders if
the Ravnos, who claims innocence, has not been made a

SHADOWS AT COURT


scapegoat. Worse still, if Silas isn't the culprit, the characters
face the possibility that they were pawns in the larger designs
of a faceless, Machiavellian Cainite.

Mission AccOMPLISHED?

During the first acts, the characters —very much outsiders
to the complex workings in the region — have attempted to
gain Jiirgen's trust. If the characters are Rustovitch'sallies, they
have no need to deepen their investigations of the sword's
theft. The coterie has Jiirgen's gratitude, and that will bring the
characters in close proximity to Jiirgen's secrets. But Silas'
professions of innocence may still nag at them. After all, if the
Ravnos entertainer was duped, how long before the characters
also become puppets? Jurgen is no fool, and it's likely that he
shares the coterie's doubts. The Venture lord could discover on
his own that Silas isn't the thief. Consequently, the characters
would likely face Jiirgen's wrath if he suspects them of involve-
ment. If the characters still have doubts, those doubts alone
should motivate them to keep digging for answers. This is all
the more true if they are actual allies of Jiirgen's. Faced with
lingering questions, the only remedy is to find answers.

SDOM
watchful eyes, Jiirgen has fol-
lowed Lucretia's movements closely. Despite Silas'
capture, Jiirgen also suspects that another thief is re-
sponsible for his sword's theft. Currently, Jiirgen must
maintain a false facade. As faras everyone is concerned,
he believes the real culprits have been found. Jiirgen
also publicly distance himself from Lucretia, who
ce. Doing so will not only satisfy the for
tantly scrutinize Jiirgen's every move, but it
willalso lull the real thieves intoa false sense o it
thus facilitating Lucretia's efforts. Secret
every c nce that his loyal servant can
uncover the culprit's identity.

SILAS' PLEAS

Throughout his ordeal, Silas maintains his innocence.
During each interrogation, Silas remains consistent. The same
can also be said for his two companions, who are also locked in
acell. Silas admits only to stealing trinkets during the proces-
sion, which he stored ina bag while the Gangrel pack disrupted
the soiree. Even if physical intimidation is used, Silas and his
partners refuse to take the fall for the broadsword's theft. Since
the characters brought Silas to justice, Jiirgen allows the coterie
to interrogate the acrobat. Still, regardless of what methods
they use, the characters garner no different a response than any
other interrogator.

Unfortunately for Silas' sake, he or his fellows will letslip that
they were at a gathering sponsored by the Courts of Love in
Brittany. This fact may come out during the interrogation or
Rosamund may recognize them and let the characters know. This

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

soiree, whichwasheld threemonthsago, wasplannedforRosamund
in honor of her coming trip to Magdeburg. Silas performed for the
gathered Cainites, and he had ample opportunity to steal the
sword, which was in the Courts of Love's possession by then. This
fact only adds to the pressure on Jiirgen to dispose of the Charla-
tans, whom many of the assembled vampires see as distasteful and
gifted with strange arts of conjuration. Although the characters
may know that summoning a sword out of thin air is probably
beyond Silas' abilities, that fact doesn't prevent Magdeburg's
Cainites from calling for the acrobat's blood.

LucRETIA INTERVENES

After the dust has settled, one of Jiirgen's loyal retainers,
Lucretia von Hartz, approaches the coterie. Racked with guilt, she
confesses that she is responsible for Silas' crimes. Lucretia is quite
irrational, and she spouts repeatedly thatshe isto blame. She isangry
both at herselfand the Ravnos acrobats. After allaying her fury, the
tormented Lucretia reveals her involvement.

Having heard of the entertainers' prowess, Lucretia pro-
cured the services of Silas and his friends for Jiirgen's ceremony.
She had no idea, of course, that the Ravnos were thieves. Now
that they stand guilty, Lucretia is greatly dishonored and, in her
eyes, completely responsible. The only way to redeem herself is
to undo this mess. This would be impossible if she thought that
the Ravnos were guilty of stealing the sword. Fortunately, she
does not.

Lucretia is in a tight bind. She cannot ask local Cainites for
help. They would view this asa sign of weakness. Atthe moment,
many people close to Jiirgen blame her for this entanglement, and
no one wants to associate themselves with her. "My dear," they
scoff, "this is entirely your problem to solve."

This embarrassment brings Lucretia to the coterie's side. As
outsiders, the characterscan shield thismatter from local Cainites.
If the characters agree to help Lucretia find the real thief, she
promises them to repay the favor — as long as they maintain
complete discretion. It is vital that they not draw undue atten-
tion. There are probably many people who do not want the
identity of the real thief to come to light. Since the sword was
found, most Cainites in Magdeburg are content to let scapegoats
take the fall. They all have more important concerns, suchas the
coming war with Voivode Rustovitch.

Whether they are Jiirgen's followers or Rustovitch's
spies, the characters can only benefit from Lucretia's intimate
knowledge of both Magdeburg and Jiirgen's court. She is the
Ventrue lord's eyes, ears and voice within the Teutonic Order
(see p. 15), and they can be of great assistance. Once the
coterie and Lucretia join forces, the logical course of action is
to investigate anyone who may have information regarding
the broadsword's theft. To uncover the truth, the characters
will have to be sneakier than their deceitful prey.

At some point during the character's investigations on
Lucretia's behalf, either in Magdeburg proper oras they leave the
city insearch of Morrow, either Jervaisorhischilde Alexianotice
their continued snooping. This discovery precipitates events in
later scenes, but it may not be especially suspicious at the time.


5 PREDATORS

Even for Caine's childer, running through the
woodsat night isnever safe. Hundreds of predators stalk
the shadows waiting to make prey of the characters.
Some of these nocturnal creaturesare native tothearea.
The characters are most likely to encounters wolves,
which live in abundance in the hilly terrain and plains.
Although mo: these pack hunters aren't likely to
attack without cause, they may try to defend their
territory if they perceive the cot s a threat. If the
characters are particularly loud and obnoxious while
traveling through woodland paths, they may, to their
eternal woe, attract the attention of their mortal en
emies the savage Lupines. It is not n ary to ignite a
conflict between a werewolf and the coterie to empha-
size the wilderness' dangers. Still, the howls of a distant
Lupine can act a reminder — Cainites are not the

ScENE EIGHT?
WoopLAND DEPARTURE

There are many leads that the coterie can pursue following
its alliance with Lucretia. For her part, Lucretia believes that
Morrow, the Gangrel disrupter, knows something. She does not
consider it is a coincidence that the Gangrel intruded into
Jirgen'skeep during his ceremonial instatement. Someone must
have told Morrow to disrupt the evening. That same person may
be responsible for the sword's theft.

This scene is optional and dependent on whether the
coterie decides to track the Gangrel pack. In itself, this endeavor
is dangerous since the woods are never a safe place for urban
Cainites. If the coterie does not include anyone with woodland
skills, Lucretia can provide a ghoul with skill enough to act as a
guide. Since the journey from Transylvania to Magdeburg is a
long trek, Lucretia believes that Morrow and her pack must have
found shelter somewhere nearby. Their likeliest haven is with a
Gangrel who inhabits the woods a few miles south of the city.
According to Lucretia, Morrow is highly respected among
Gangrel even as far north as Magdeburg. Thankfully, Lucretia
knows where the Gangrel in this region generally roam.

After some time stumbling through the woods, the charac-
ters may feel quite insecure. The cacophony of wild sounds
echoing throughout the forest is very unsettling, and they seem
tobe getting nowhere with their search. Since the stalking skills
of Gangrel in the brush are superior, the characters do not tofind
the Gangrel brood. The Gangrel, however, uncover the noisy
intruders easily.

Morrow makes an appearance along with her pack. Imme-
diately, she demands to know the coterie's purpose. Five Gangrel
accompany Morrow, each more savage looking than the other.
Observant characters may notice that the Gangrel all bear
similarcrude markings in theirskin. Ifthe characters ask Morrow
what she knows about the sword's theft, she angrily replies that
she wants nothing to do with politics and cares little for missing

swords. She reiterates her warnings that Jiirgen's plans to estab-
lish domain in southern Hungary can only spell disaster. If the
characters suggest to Morrow that she may have been used as. a
pawn to allow someone to steal the sword, Morrow laughs.

Morrow's outburst, though perhaps confounding, is simply
a reaction to the coterie's arrogance. She is amused that most
outsiders, including the coterie, view the Gangrel as impulsive
louts. Even if the coterie does not press her for answers, Morrow
reveals that Kara, Voivode Rustovitch's envoy, told her about
Jiirgen's ceremony before leaving for Transylvania. She had
hoped that Morrow would do the Fiend's dirty work and kill Lord
Jurgen. Morrow is no fool, however. She will let the Tzimisce do
their own killing. Morrow used Jiirgen's ceremony as a means to
express her warnings, which, despite what Lord Jiirgen may
believe, are quite genuine. She thinks that the Ventrue and
Tzimisce conflict will bring doom upon the region. Furthermore,
Morrow believes that meddling in human affairs is the work of
weaklings. Specifically, she refers to Jiirgen and Lucretia, saying
it is foolish to use human knights and crusaders as a cover for
vampiric dominance. Despite her taunts, Lucretia knows better
than to engage in verbal swordplay. Regarding the Toreador
broadsword, Morrow claims that Kara made no mention of this
item. She doubts that Rustovitch would be bothered with an
object of such trifling consequence.

Suddenly, a chill wind howls, gaining strength and carrying
a blinding snow. Simultaneously, as if the elements and the
Gangrel are one, Morrow's mood sours dramatically. "Remem-
ber well that I am friend to none save my kin," she adds with a
growl. Afterwards, Morrow demands that the coterie depart the
woods before she and her pack force them out.

A coterie with a Gangrel member doesn't get a much
friendlier response from Morrow. She is a little less aggressive,
but hardly welcoming. Morrow cannot understand one of her
clan meddling in the "civilized" affairs of the high clans, acting
asa hunting dog fora Ventrue like Lucretia or Jiirgen. She may
even resent the Gangrel character more for trying to help them.

SCENE NINE:
ROsAMUND's KEY

Still no closer to cornering the unseen thief, the coterie and
Lucretia return to Magdeburg with greater determination and a
handful of nagging questions. Was the sword in fact stolen and
replaced during the Gangrel disruption? Is someone close to
Rosamund responsible for the deception? Or perhaps Albin the
Caitiff knows something that he isn't sharing?

The characters may not suggest it, but Lucretia makes a
realization: The only way they can find their slippery thief is to
determine when the trickster could have stolen and replaced the
Toreador sword. Since she wasnever far from the gift, Rosamund
of Islington is the person best suited to provide answers to this
mystery. If the characters talk to Rosamund, she is friendly and
cooperative. After some reflection, Rosamund does not believe,
despite what others have concluded, that a thief made a switch
during the Gangrel debacle. She is certain that she would have
taken notice. Rosamund is equally convinced that her entourage
is beyond reproach or betrayal. If that is the case, then the sword
must have been replaced prior to Jiirgen's gala.

SHADOWS AT COURT


Faced with the coterie's questions, Rosamund retraces her
steps before arriving in Magdeburg. She claims that only her
Toreador companions and Jiirgen's trusted servant accompa-
nied her prior to entering the city. This revelation immediately
arouses Lucretia's suspicions, and she asks that Rosamund
elaborate. The Courts of Love's envoy says that Albin ap-
proached Rosamund's caravan a full night before she arrived in
Magdeburg. Albin kept the Toreador delegates company as an
escort until they breached the city's walls. With this revelation,
Lucretia's dour mood changes. She thanks Rosamund repeat-
edly and leaves the scene, even if the coterie objects.

Outside of Rosamund's earshot, Lucretia reveals that Albin
had specific instructions regarding the Toreador envoy. He was
not to approach Rosamund until she arrived in the city. Since
she knows that Albin is not one to casually disregard Jiirgen's
directions, Lucretia suspects that the Caitiff may be involved in
this mystery. He certainly had an opportunity to switch swords.
This scene ends dramatically as the coterie and their knightly
companion rush to find the furtive Cainite.

ScENE TEN:
To Finn 4 THIEF

Rushing toscour Lord Jiirgen's keep, the coterie isunable
to find the Caitiff servant. No one, including Akuji, seems to
know where he has gone. Lucretia takes the coterie to the
Caitiff's room, astone barracks within the fortress walls. They
find the heavy wooden door barred from the inside and have
to force or chop it open (Feat of Strength, level 6). The small
chamber is a shambles. What meager furniture there was has
been reduced to kindling, clothes and other trinkets are,
scattered about, and chunks of the stone walls have beenf
damaged as if by a heavy battleaxe or other weapon. Jervais,
fearing that the coterie would uncover Albin's role in the
theft and ultimately trace it back to him, released a creature
called a reaper to eliminate the Caitiff. What the characters
find is the after-effects of that attack. Albin isnow on the run.
For more on the reaper, see p. 102 in Chapter Four.

Characters searching for clues can discover the following
(roll Perception + Investigation, difficulty 5):

© The stonework around the small window is severely
damaged as if to widen the opening. At least some of the debris
isinside the room. (The reaper broke it when forcing it's way into
the room.)

© Atleast twoof the greatslashes in the stone floorand walls
are bloodied with Cainite vitae. (The reaper grievously wounded
Albin with its scythe-like appendages.)

© In one comer, there is a freshly torn-off rat's head.
Characters especially familiar with rats may notice strange
characteristics, such as bizarre fur color or needle-sharp teeth. (In
desperation, Albin struck back by ripping out one of the thing's
many rat-heads.)

© There is a bloody streak (again of Cainite vitae) running
down the outside wall. (Albin leaped from the window to escape
the thing, which pursued him.)

Characters may try to find witnesses to this commotion.
Although no one else was in the barracks when the reaper
attacked (Jervais timed his incantation for that very purpose),

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS


guards may well have heard some commotion an hour ago or so
(about when the characters were in conversation with
Rosamund). Players may rightly deduce that Albin was under
attack, although they may assume that the attackers were
Tzimisce or Gangrel. Ifasked where Albin would flee to, Lucretia
suggests Magdeburg proper, where the Caitiff knows every
hiding place. She can confirm that he is also very skilled at
Obfuscate. She suggests that the characters search for Albin
while she raises the guard to defend the city. She fears that
whatever attacked Albin was of Tzimisce origin.

IN THE DARKENED CITY

Normally, Albin would be nigh impossible to find in the
settlement that he knows so well. He moves from hovel to inn
to barn to shop without being seen or heard, and he has
established many passages and havens in the small city. Fortu-
nately for the characters, these are not normal circumstances.
The reaper hunting Albin — endowed with thaumaturgic
tracking skills — is a dogged enemy indeed, and Albin is very
seriously wounded. A fterspending much ofhisblood healing, he
isstill Wounded and has but a few points left in his blood pool.
With Lucretia raising the alarm, knights and watchmen are
beginning to swarm through the city looking for attackers in
general and Albin specifically, making his job all the harder.

Nevertheless, the characters shouldn't have an easy time
finding their prey. In fact, they might find evidence of the reaper
much more easily then they do of Albin. As the thing uncovers
hiding space after hiding space, it causes terror in the city and
might have slaughtered animals and mortals along the way. The
charactersalso hear strange chatteringsoundsand catch glimpses
of the terrifying thing.

Have the players roll Perception + Alertness every so often,
doling out first signs of the reaper's activities and then quick
glimpses of it or even of Albin. Characters with Auspex should
be able to spot fleeting glimpses of the obfuscated Caitiff.
Eventually, bring the coterie, its prey and the Tremere beast
together at once. If the characters are having a hard time, Albin
eventually decides to reveal himself with the reaper almost on
top of him. He needs help defeating or escaping the thing, and
he can only assume that the knights are hunting him as a thief.
The coterie is his only hope.

Whether they discover him on their own merits or he
reveals himself, Albin immediately starts pleading with the
characters. He is obviously grievously wounded. "Please," he
begs, "it's coming! I'll do anything."

A twisted, insect-like creature then breaks onto the scene,
leaping from a rooftop or squirming out of a window. Terrified,
Albin squirms and tries to flee. The aberration uses the mam-
moth scythes on its forelimbs to slash its way to its prey,
mindlessly felling anything in its path. If the characters clear a
path to Albin, the creature cleaves him in two with just one
swipe. If they hope to gain any information from the traitor, the
characters have to fight and destroy the reaper.

During the fight, Albin makes an attempt to escape, but his
wounds make it difficult. The players should be able stop him,

even with a quick word.

SorcEerous TRUTHS

After they dispose of the reaper, the characters can
convince Albin fairly easily to be cooperative. They can
soothingly promise shelter, bark at him that his allies have
abandoned him, threaten to kill him themselves or most
anything else: The Caitiff is wounded and traumatized, and he
has few mental defenses left. Albin reveals that it was the
Tremere who convinced him to betray Lord Jiirgen. They
promised that they would teach him the vaunted secrets of
Thaumaturgy. He intended to use this newfound power to free
himself of his tyrant lord's crippling grip. He is determined to
exact his vengeance on Jiirgen, whom he believes treats him
like a dog. He made his deal with the Tremere Alexia of
Nicosia, he says, several months ago when Lord Jiirgen began
fortifying the area in preparation for his assumption of domain.

Ifshe is present, Lucretia shouts out, "Youare a dog!" The
characters have to hold Lucretia back, otherwise she is likely
todecapitate Albin on the spot. Ifshe isn't, the characters have
the choice of whether or not to return Albin to Jiirgen. The
Caitiff is sure to face execution, so characters who decide to
spare him would be justified in asking just about anything of
him, including going under the blood oath. If they do so, their
best strategy is to report that the reaper killed Albin, but they
must be sure that he never reappears in Magdeburg.

SCENE ELEVEN: DISPELLINGS

After a tumultuous confrontation, the coterie returns to
Magdeburg either with Albin or their revelations. Unless they
lie, Lucretia confirms all she can, damning Albin. Soon after,
Jurgen frees the Ravnos entertainers, but gives them an order
never to return to Magdeburg — under threat of a blood hunt.
Content to regain their freedom, Silas and his companions
depart without fuss.

Thanks in large part to the coterie, Jiirgen was able to
recover the sword and dispel this embarrassment with relative
ease. Ultimately, Jiirgen proved to be in control of his city. Still,
this affair has tarnished his already fragile image. Sensing a
conclusion to this affair, most envoys who remained in the city
leave. However, some diplomats are unsatisfied. They continue
to express doubt. Many vampiric forces in the Holy Roman
Empire and points west share this opinion, and they wonder if
Jiirgen's invasion plan isn't a folly. Currently, most are content
simply to observe.

THE FATE OF THE TREMERE

Inall likelihood, Jiirgen learns that the Tremere are respon-
sible for the broadsword's theft. He then submits the envoys to
hiswrath. Jervais' misguided attempts to gain Lord Jiirgen's favor
proved what the Ventrue lord already suspected: The Tremere
cannot be trusted. Seeking an explanation for this behavior,
Jiirgen personally interrogates Jervais. Although he does not use
force, Jiirgen's presence alone is enough to cow the Tremere.
Ultimately, Jervais denies any personal involvement, and Al-
exia takes the blame. She claims that she acted on her own
volition, thus absolving her sire and mentor. Alexia claims that
she put her treacherous plan in motion only to favoranalliance.

SHADOWS AT COURT


She hoped that Jiirgen, fearing that the Courts of Love had
forsaken him, would consider the Tremere as an enticing alter-
native. The result of the Tremere scheme is quite the opposite —
Jiirgen may never trust Jervais, and he expels the Tremere from
the city. Heseemsahair's breadth away from callinga blood hunt
on Alexia, but refrains for the time being. For the moment, at
least, there is to be no alliance with the Usurpers.

If the characters take the bold option of not reporting the
Tremere's involvement to Jiirgen and taking up the matter with
the Usurpers themselves, Alexia again takes the full responsibil-
ity, insulating Jervais. She promises them whatever service she
can to maintain their silence. Later, Jervais may decide to
eliminate them outright if they prove troublesome, however.

Just REWARDS

Ifhe returns to Magdeburg, Albin receives his lord's dubious
mercy. He is not executed, but he is chained at the bottom of an
abandoned well, feasting only on rodents. Should he have need
of his slave, or should he think of a punishment more befitting
the crime, Jiirgen promises to fetch his wretch from this hellish
pit. Meanwhile, Albin has much time to feed his hatred and
dream of revenge against the treacherous Tremere.

As for the characters, regardless of their backgrounds, they
have succeeded and won Jiirgen's appreciation. The Ventrue
lord tells them he is in their debt — something he takes very
seriously. He owes the coterie as a whole one favor, which the
characters may call upon at any time. Rosamund isalso thankful,
and, although she makes no formal pledges akin to Jiirgen's, she
implies that the characters will have a friendly ear in the Courts
of Love, should they ever require it. Despite this victory, Jiirgen
does not divulge his court's inner secrets. Save for one or two
kindred Cainites, the Ventrue lord trusts no one. Jiirgen inves-
tigates the characters' backgrounds if they decide to stay in the
region. Ifthe characters are Rustovitch'sagents, Lord Jiirgen does
not necessarily find out (assuming the characters do a good job
of covering their tracks). Regardless of who they are or whom
they represent, Jiirgen never completely trusts the characters.
The Ventrue lord has learned the key to survival — keep an eye
open for any potential threat.

Cosine Note

At some point during that night, after Albin and the
Tremere have been dealt with, one of Lucretia's guard patrols
returns with troublesome news. They have found a body across
the river from the city, one that Lord Jiirgen should see. The
characters can easily accompany the lord across the Elbe to the
east coast. There, stretched across the frame ofasmall boatman's
house, is the flayed and fleshcrafted skin of a ghoul. Scrawled
across the fleshy canvas is a bloody message:

Letitbe known that weare at war. Bringyour forcesif youwish.
Victory will be ours.

Anyone versed in the ways of the Tzimisce knows that
such declarations are traditional among the Fiends. As for the
ghoul's body, it lays on the ground, bloody and horrific. Only
the face still has its skin, and pain and fear twist its features. The
assembled Cainites easily recognize Brother Kurt, the ghoul
knight who attacked Kara Lupescu at court several nights ago.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS


EPILOGUE

The completion of a complex puzzle does not automati-
cally provideaclearpicture. Although the coterie has uncovered
the truth behind a multitude of deceptions, they may have
some lingering questions. Especially inquisitive characters
could peel back another layer to the intrigue.

The key lingering question is how the fake sword was
made. Albin made a willing dupe for the Tremere plan, but his
talentshave limits, particularly in the areas of forgery and smith
works. The only way the Tremere could have realized their
deception was with considerable foresight. Somehow, Jervais
knew that the Courts of Love were preparing a gift. He also
gained such detailed knowledge of the shining broadsword that
he ordered the creation of a detailed duplicate. This was only
possible if the Tremere had access to the sword before
Rosamund's party carried it to Magdeburg. Although other
actors may wonder at this, they do not approach the coterie
about it. The characters are on their own.

STALKING JERVAIS

The only Cainite with answers is Ceoris' duplicitous
agent. When Jervais is cast from Magdeburg, the coterie has
aunique opportunity to track him. He departs from Magdeburg
almost as soon as Jiirgen releases him. The characters follow
from a comfortable distance, relishing the irony that for the
first time since this debacle, the shadows provide needed
cover for them, not their enemies. To their surprise, the
characters discover, after they have spent some time travel-
ing the countryside, that they are not alone. A hunched and
hooded figure also follows the Tremere closely. From a
distance, the characters can judge that the stranger must have
departed Magdeburg virtually in concert with Jervais.

Following Jervais and the stranger simultaneously is
difficult. Shortly after noticing the hooded newcomer's
presence, the coterie realizes that Jervais' and the stranger's
paths diverge. The coterie has a choice to separate or to
follow only one figure. The characters may also consider
that this may be another ruse in the Tremere bag of tricks.
They may ask themselves whether Jervais engineered this
affair precisely to split the coterie, in the hopes of exacting
revenge. Regardless, stalking one or both leads ends at the
same destination, a small village two night's travel distance
south of Magdeburg.

ob I~ -

AA CLANDESTINE RENDEZVOUS

The characters discover, to their surprise, that the hooded
stranger and Jervais meet at a designated meeting place in the
small village. The choice of locale matters little. An abandoned
barn, a crumbling cemetery just before dawn or a hidden cave in
anearby cliffall suffice. Supported by twoassistants, Jervaismeets
the interloper who unveils himself. If the characters succeed in
watching the rendezvous without giving themselves away, they
discover that the hooded figure is none other than Lucius, one of
Rosamund's aides, who was present at Jiirgen's reception.

From the body language alone, it is clear that both Jervaisand
Lucius are upset. Although they limit their aggression to verbal
taunts, the Cainites come close toa physical confrontation. If the
characters succeed in overhearing, they learn that Rosamund's
aide was party to Jervais' deception. Itwashe who gave the precious
knowledge allowing Jervais to forge a duplicate. If the characters
fail to overhear, learning the identity of the hooded stranger may
be enough for them to guess that it was he who facilitated the
Tremere plan. The only remaining question is why?

AMBIGUITIES

The characters are faced with several options. They can
attack Jervais and his accomplices, but this may result in a
confrontation that the characters aren't sure to win. Another
more favorable option is to approach the duplicitous Cainites
without aggression and simply ask for answers. It matters little
to Jervais whether Rosamund's agent is revealed. After all,
Jervais has already failed and suffered the consequences. Lucius
does not share this opinion, and he may attempt to flee. Since
he is clearly outnumbered, Lucius does not fight the characters.

Jervais' story is that Lucius was acting on behalf of elders
within the Courts of Love. They wished to ensnare Lord Jiirgen
by putting him in an awkward position, he says. Doubts about
the validity of the sword would be a grave insult between to the
Courts of Love, one Jiirgen would have to make amends for.

Lucius' story is different. He claims to have been black-
mailed by the Usurpers, who used their blood sorcery to
uncover past crimes, such as the destruction of several rivals in
the courts of Brittany and trading secrets with agents of Prince
Alexander of Paris, a powerful Ventrue lord. Jervais forced him
into another treachery.

Just where the truth lies is up to you to decide, but it
probably should not be clear to the characters. If they carry any
of this news back to Magdeburg, Rosamund promises that
Lucius is to be punished, and Jiirgen seems satisfied.

SHADOWS AT COURT

Ly
=
-=
i ©
= c/


T Muteomer

our leaders


Ashes of Outremer brings the conflict between Jiirgen
and Rustovitch into the Holy Land as each faction sends
predators to stalk the Fifth Crusade. It also shows quite
vividly how war breeds war, as characters with their eyes
toward Hungary nevertheless see the city of Acre trans-
formed and come face to face with the mortal faithful who
fight all of their kind.

This chapter takes place toward the end of 1217, six years
after Shadows at Court. In the interim, Lord Jiirgen's forces
have established a firm grip on the Siebenbiirgen, the region of
Transylvaniaaround the Olt River. He hasestablished Kronstadt
as his main headquarters, with other cities and strongholds
across the region supporting it. Backed by King Andras II, the
mortal Teutonic Knights have progressed through the region,
and many Germans and Magyars have settled here. This
network of kine hides Jiirgen's forces and gives them secure
feeding stock, securing their position. Lucretia has accelerated
the Embrace of members of the Order of the Black Cross,
further strengthening her lord's position in the Siebenbiirgen.

This is not to say that the battle has been easy. Rustovitch
hasused waves of monstrosities, cadres ofhighly mobile revenant
raiders and many other forces to hold the Ventrue back from
further expansion. The Germans have faced every horror
imaginable, and many have paid for it with their lives. Still, the
Ventrue seem to hold the advantage, and they become better
entrenched with every year. Off the battlefield, the political
struggle is just as intense. Kara Lupescu has become a force to
be reckoned with in the court of King Andras, arguing through
her Vlaszy proxies that Magyars (not Germans) should settle
and Christianize the area. Nova Arpad is rumored to support
those arguments, working against her Patrician clanmates, who
have usurped her position.

Inthe midst of this battle, King Andras embarks on the Fifth.
Crusade, unwittingly trailing unliving predators behind him.

How To Use Tuts Story

Ashes of Outremer is designed as the next installment of
the Under the Black Cross chronicle, continuing the themes
laid down in Chapter One: Shadows at Court as Lord Jiirgen's
ambitions lead hisagents even further afield than Transylvania.
Storytellers who wish to use this chapter as part of an indepen-
dent chronicle, perhaps even one with its long-term focus in
the Holy Land, will find that they can easily separate this
chapter from the remainder of Under the Black Cross and
adapt it to their needs.

Tuemes & Moop

There are several possible themes for a coterie to explore
in this chapter. First is the question of leadership and the
conflict between duty and selfish interest. The struggles among
the Cainites for power in Acre mirrors the lack of effective
leadership among the mortal crusaders as their kings quarrel
and pursue their own agendas to the detriment of the Fifth
Crusade's stated goals.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

Next is the theme of duty to one's secular lord and the
pursuit of religious truth — or even redemption, itself. The
coterie is faced with the choice of either working to settle the
political order of Cainite Acre or tracking the whereabouts of
a fragment of the True Cross. They possibly can do both, thus
reconciling these two paths. They may even come into contact
with the relic itself and experience revelations that lay bare
their true natures.

Finally, there is the theme of contact with alien cultures.
As vampires, the characters are already familiar with the
intense politics and conflicts of Cainite society in Europe. This
chapter adds an additional layer of complexity, bringing them
into extended contact — and likely conflict — with Muslim
Cainites. Ina reflection of the mortal conflicts of the region, the
coterie needs to make deals with ostensible foes in order to
accomplish its goals, against the wishes or interests of its allies
and lords. The characters also find that clanmates can still be
divided by religion.

The mood of this chapter is one of confusion, conflict and
"hurry up and wait." Crusaders and Cainites come and go,
almost at will, and the army is forced to wait until a Frisian
fleet finally arrives. Confusion reigns without clear leader-
ship, and conflicting motives and goals add to the frictions
between factions. Boredom is one of an army's worst enemies,
and incidents born of that boredom face the coterie with
severe challenges.

Tue PLor

Ashes of Outremer is composed of three acts. The setting is
the city and environs of Acre in what is known as the Second
Kingdom of Jerusalem or the Kingdom of Jerusalem and Acre. The
action can range as far afield as the ruins of ‘Atlit (the future site of
the Pilgrims' Castle) south of Haifa, to the fortresses ofthe Teutonic
Knights at Starkenberg and the Muslims at Mt. Tabor. It is in this
area that a great army is gathering for the Fifth Crusade, in
preparation for an invasion of the Nile delta in Egypt.

The first act brings the characters to the Holy Land, where
they are forced to land at the port of Haifa, some 15 miles south of
Acre, because of the holy aura over Acre (which prevents entry by
Cainites). Once there, they make their way to the court of the
prince of Acre, Etienne de Fauberge, disparagingly known as "the
Prince of Dirt," since he isforced by that sameauratomake hiscourt
outside the city he claims. Here they meet the major players of the
areaand learn that Etienne's power is not secure. The players learn
that Gauthier de Dampiere, a crusader who has targeted Cainites
before, has arrived in Acre and is meeting with members of the
various military orders. What he is doing here is unknown as yet,
but the Cainites' agents report that he is preaching a warning of a
great evilamongthe crusaderarmy. They alsowitnessademonstra-
tion of the aura's power, asa Cainite submits to God'sjudgmentand
tries to enter the city, being destroyed in the process.

There follows thedeath of several crusaders,someof whomare
ghouls in the service of crusader Cainites. These thralls committed
atrocitiesagainst the local Muslim populace, and theyseem tohave
fallen victim to Islamic Cainites operating in the area. The coterie
has the chance to learn more of these guerillas and perhaps make
initial contact with them, leading to conflict or forging the basis for
future cooperation.


The act closes with a midnight tournament, sponsored by
Etienne for his noble guests, who are growing restless. The
coterie becomes more deeply involved in local politics as
various factions make initial contact to sound its members out.
Knightly characters have the opportunity to participate. Atthe
climax of the tournament, all realize that the aura has vanished.
The next morning, the crusader army begins its sortie into
Galilee in search of food and battle.

The second act develops the twin plots of the struggle for
the control of Acre and the hunt for the fragment of the True
Cross. Various vampires scramble for territory and havens, and
the coterie may become embroiled in such disputes. The
characters may also investigate Gauthier's activities and learn
that he and several other devout knights made away with the
holy relic, collapsing the aura about the city. Meanwhile,
Prince Etienne is faced with an ultimatum from hissire, Varsik.
He must find the Cross and retain Acre or be deposed, perhaps
facing a blood hunt. It is here that various factions try to gain
the coterie's definite support for their plans, including Etienne,
who makes it clear that he is willing to change allegiance in
return for protection.

Act three brings the coterie to the climax, in which it plays
amajor role in settling the rulership of Acre, in the fate of the
Cross or both. Sir Michael of Durham and a band of his fellow
Grail Knights come onto stage at this point. While here for the
crusade, he decides to pursue the Cross, both from religious
devotion and a desire to bring it to the Castle on the Lake, the
hidden stronghold of the Order of the Bitter Ashes. The
coterie's actions determine if he is a foe, an ally ora non-factor.
Inthe political arena, the characters have the chance to broker
Prince Etienne's offer to swear allegiance to Lord Jiirgen, hence
putting the city into his domain, or to support another candi-
date. On the spiritual side, the vampires even have a chance to
come into contact with the fragment of the Cross of the Passion
that has rested in Acre for so long. In both arenas, the vampires
face very real threats to their very survival, as well as the chance
to gain great prestige.

On crusade, the stakes are always high.

INTRODUCING:
THE CHARACTERS

There are a few ways in which the coterie can find itself in
the Holy Land and involve itself in the drama of Ashes of
Outremer. The simplest option, and the basic assumption here,
is that the characters are acting on Lord Jiirgen's behalf. The
characters likely gained Lord Jiirgen's respect in Shadows at
Court and they fit the bill for agents to carry his banner among
the predators who are stalking King Andras' crusaders. His
vassal Baron von Achern is his lead deputy on the expedition,
and the coterie might be required to stay in contact with him.
Alternatively, the characters might be allies of Jiirgen who
might support him but are not under yon Achern's authority.
This option would be particularly fitting for players whose
characters are Teutonic Knights.

Many other options exist to bring characters to Acre
during the Fifth Crusade:

© Vassals of another Cainite, or independent crusaders:
The characters could be vassals of Count Dieter or another rival
Cainite, and thus opposed to Jiirgen's plans. They may also have
come to the Holy Land on their own, seeking glory, wealth and
land forthemselves. It'sentirely possible forindependentCainites
to try to establish one of their own as the prince of Acre.

Muslim Cainites: Ifthe Storytellerhas based his chronicle
on the Islamic vampires of Veil of Night, the coterie could be
of any clan of the Ashirra (a sect of Muslim vampires) — or even
the Banu Hagim ("Children of Haqim," the Assamites) —
fighting to drive the Franj from the Holy Land. The emphasis
would be on sowing doubt and chaos among the infidels and
seeing that the Cross leaves the Levantso that Muslim vampires
can infiltrate the capital of the Second Kingdom.

¢ Agents of Varsik: The vampires may be native to the
area, but are Eastern Christians, perhaps even Bashirites, in the
service of Varsik. In this case, they accompany Aram Hovannes
to Acre and work to retain his control over the area and to
obtain the fragment of the True Cross.

© Subjects of the Second Kingdom: The characters are
Europeans from the Acre area. Nominally under the rule of
Etienne and, through him, Varsik, they may be aligned with
one or more of the factions at play, such as Maria d'Agostino.
Otherwise, they could simply be independent vampires who are
caught up in the politics of their "betters."

© Grail Knights: The players are members of the Order of
the Bitter Ashes seeking the relic to bring it safe to the Castle of
the Lake. Their almost-total focus is on its recovery, although
accomplishing their goal requires involvement in local intrigues.

Mayor PLAYERS

Acrusadeanda scramble fora major city in Outremer brings
together a wide variety of Cainites. The characters know some
from Shadows at Court, and others are newcomers to the tale.

BARON HEINRICH VON ACHERN

Lord Jiirgen's major agent at the court of King Andras, von
Achern has several goals in the Holy Land. He desires most of
all to gain glory for himself and his master. The war in
Transylvania goes well, with the Teutonic Knights (and hence
the Ventrue) establishing a more and more secure fiefdom.
With King Andras' participation in this new crusade, von
Achern hopes to build on his success by claiming domain from
the Saracens. He dreams of establishing himself as the prince of
Damietta in Egypt, and he wants the army to move as quickly
as possible, even if it means a distasteful alliance with lesser
Cainites. When the holy aura of Acre vanishes, he sees the
greater opportunity to make the Second Kingdoma vassal-state
to Lord Jiirgen. Afterall, the Ravnos prince is obviously unfit to
tule and a weakling not to be trusted. Arrogant, vain and cruel,
von Achern is also pragmatic and willing to make a deal if it gets
him what he wants. To make things even better, he has
discovered that Kara Lupescu (his Tzimisce nemesis) and her
entourage of revenant knights have followed King Andras to
the Holy Land. Far away from the homeland she holds so dear,
the Fiend should be easy pickings.

ASHES OF OUTREMER


Above all else, Etienne wants to hold on to his unlife. He
does not wat to suffer Final Death unredeemed in God's eyes.
The holy city of Acre also fascinates him, and he has learned to
enjoy his role as an information merchant. But his sire Varsik
will be very angry with the loss of the relicand may even declare
ablood hunt if both the Cross and Acre are lost. Etienne isready
tocuta deal with almost anyone to save his skin, even with the
Muslims. In this, he has only limited support among local
Cainites, including his fellow Bashirite Ravnos. Nevertheless,
he can bea valuable ally. Indeed, he has useful contacts among
all sides in Acre. Information is always useful, and Etienne has
a reputation for reliability. He also is willing to make conces-
sions to retain his title, which could include even allowing a
Muslim presence among the Cainites of Acre. Finally, while he
is not the preferred candidate of any faction, he is the second
choice of most and would therefore be an acceptable compro-
mise. Etienne also wants to maintain the truce with the
Muslims, a stance that many vampires with their hands in the
trading houses appreciate.

Kara Viaszy Lupescu

Lady Kara has spent the last six years fighting the German.
Ventrue at court and on the battlefield. The Tzimisce and
revenant knights of her extended family, the Vlaszy, have held
their own on the field of battle, but her main efforts have been
at court. Unlike most Tzimisce and revenants in Hungary, who
are of Romanian stock, the Vlaszy are Magyarsand hence better
accepted by the ruling classes of Western Hungary. She and her
cousins have wormed their way further and further into the

royal court and Andras' entourage. The king still respects von
Ache and his mortal proxies, but Lady Kara is gaining ground
every year. Her participation in the crusade is meant first to
enable her to personally keep an eye on von Achern and for her
family to prove its loyalty to Andras. Once the Cainite scramble
after the aura's disappearance begins, Kara sees an opportunity
to strike at von Achern.

Maria b'AGostiNno

A Genoese Lasombra, Maria is chief among the Italian
Cainites of the kingdom, and whispers in the night hint thatshe
wants to be prince herself. Maria has her haven in Haifa,
disguised as the proper wife of her merchant husband, who is
really her ghoul. The opening of Acre presents her with an
opportunity to advance Lasombra and Genoese interests in the
Holy Land while striking at those of the Ventrue, Pisans and
Venetians. She has no interest in allying with Jiirgen or his
vassals, and she holds Germans and Hungarians in thinly
disguised contempt as barbarians. She might, however, try to
suborn the coterie away from Jiirgen or make an offer to an
independent group. Thanks to an impressive network of ghouls
and other agents, she has contacts among the Templars, the
watch in the Genoese quarter of Acre and in the court of King
John of Brienne. She also has support from the Cappadocians
in the area, as well as some of the Nosferatu who work at the
lepers' hospital just outside the north wall of Acre. She wants
the Crusade to divert from its plan to attack Egypt and instead
move on Jerusalem. Some say that she is so consumed with

CINDER THE BLACK CROS;

ambition that she plots to eliminate the powerful Ravnos
Varsik in the process.

HANIFA BINT Nasir

A Brujah (or Mushakis, to use the Arabic term) on the
Ashirra version of the Road of Chivalry, Hanifa defends local
Muslims from suffering inflicted by their Christian overlords
and takes revenge when she cannot protect them. She is the
head ofasmall coterie of like-minded Muslim neonates, and she
leads them in guerilla actions that are meant to spread confu-
sion and terror among the Christian interlopers. While dealing
with the Franj is distasteful, she is willing to take advantage of
the bickering and strife that arises from the opening of Acre. If
she learns of the Cross, she lends support to whomever promises
to let it escape, and she fights any Cainites who try to recover
it. The region is better off without the Franjrallyingaround such
arelic.

Aram HovaNNES

Aram Hovannes isa childe of Varsik and another Bashirite
Ravnos. He is Varsik's personal representative, whom he has
sent to evaluate and upbraid Etienne for his lack of progress.
When the True Cross vanishes, he will make it clear that
Etienne must recover it or be deposed or even face a blood hunt.
Largely indifferent to political competition between Christian
and Muslim, he might aid the characters if they show any sign
of trying to recover the Cross, but he opposes them if they
threaten Varsik's control of Acre. He travels asa merchant with
a guard of mercenaries, all ghouls, and conducts business near
Acre to maintain his cover.

Minor PLAYERS

Many other characters make brief appearances in Ashes of
Outremer. Although they are listed as minor characters be-
cause the coterie spends relatively little time in direct contact
with them, they all have important contributions to make.

GAUTHIER DE DAMPIERE

Gauthier, an aging crusader with many years of experience
fighting the devils that lurk in the night, is the catalyst for much
of the action. It is he who convinces brethren of the Teutonic
Knights and the Knights of St. Thomas of Acre of the devils
who are sure to accompany the crusade. Assuring his fellow
knights of the desperate danger they face if the relic is not taken
to asafe place, he and the brothers flee first to the old fort at
‘Atlit, then with King Andras as he returns home. Ironically,
this action opens up Acre to vampiric influence. The players'
characters may never see Gauthier, or they may come face to
face (or chest to sword) with him if they pursue the Cross.

LUQMAN IBN WAHID AL BasIM

A FollowerofSet, Luqman wants the matter of Acre's prince
settled so that the armies will move on to Egypt and weaken the
Muslim regime there. Al Basim lends his support to whichever
side seems most likely to win, but he opposes d'Agostino if she
seems likely to get her wish to attack Jerusalem instead. A master
of the verbal poisoning, al Basim operates by planting rumor and
innuendo, not by direct confrontation. He directs the coterie


away from the cross ifhe deems it better for it to escape, or toward
it if that means the quickest solution to the problem. By the end
of act two, he knows that Dampiere and his knights are hiding at
the ruins of ‘Atlit, the future Pilgrim's Castle. He operates under
disguise as a Muslim Toreador scribe named Dugaq ibn Jamil.
Characters who have gone through Bitter Crusade may recog-
nize the Setite agenda to use the Christian crusades to disrupt the
Muslim hold over Egypt.

Alexi or Nicosia

The Usurper Alexia, banished from Jiirgen's lands after the
events of Shadows at Court, has spent much of the intervening
years in the small Tremere chantry on Cyprus. She is now
traveling as part of the contingent of King Hugh of Cyprus,
hoping to further her thaumaturgic studies. She does her best
tosteer clear of Jiirgen's agents, but she sees the vanishing of the
city's protective aura as a great opportunity. Alexia works
mightily to locate and get "the artifact" for Clan Tremere (she
doubts that it is actually a fragment of the Cross). She may try
to bring Dampiere and his allies together with King Andras, so
that the greedy king tries to take the relic back to Europe with
him. Clan Tremere could then easily claim it along the way.

MIcHaEL OF DURHAM

A Grail Knight of the Order of Bitter Ashes, Sir Michael
ishere with his bandon crusade. When he learns that the source
of the aura is a fragment of the True Cross, he spares no effort
to bring it to the Castle on the Lake. Of all the vampires in the
Second Kingdom, save perhaps the players' characters them-
selves, he may be able to tolerate the relic's presence. Michael
can provide the military force to tip the balance to whatever
side he favors, and he favors those who help him get the Cross.
He will have nothing to do with Tremere, Tzimisce or Follow-
ers of Set.

Count DIETER VON KARLHCH

A Ventrue count traveling with Duke Leopold's Austrian
contingent, he opposes von Achern's efforts to win Acre for
Lord Jiirgen. For him, glory and chivalric honor are paramount,
and he challenges von Achern to combat at both the Midnight
Tournament and the climactic trial by combat.

ey Ne
oLy LAND
Cinuory Nieurs

Act one begins in late September, 1217 with the arrival of
the Hungarian, Cypriot and Austrian armies in Outremer. The
crusade is already in disarray, evoking memories of the chaos
that doomed the Fourth Crusade. Although King John of
Brienne, titular king of Jerusalem, has the greatest claim to lead
the expedition, he has trouble asserting his authority. Kings
Andras of Hungary and Hugh of Cyprus do not readily obey
him, while the leaders of the Military Orders — the Templars,
Hospitalers and Teutonic Knights — claim the right to act on
their own. Even the head of the Church in Acre, Patriarch

Radulfus of Jerusalem, claims primacy. After all, the Church
itself called the crusade in the Lateran Council of 1215.

As if squabbles among the nobility were not enough, this
year has seen a poor harvest in Syria. Shrunken in size after
Salah al-Din's great victories in the 1180s, the Second King-
dom has ironically come to depend on Muslim Syria for its food.
Combined with the boredom generated by interminable wait-
ing, the shortage of food leads to tensions, short tempers and a
lack of discipline among the Christian army. More than a few
crusaders have committed atrocities against the local Muslim
population while stealing food or merely for sport. In an
ominous development, someone has begun taking revenge.

Cainites in the Second Kingdom face similar problems. A
Christian prince holds court here, but he is a Ravnos of the
Bashirite lineage —a schismatic in the eyes of Latin Christian
vampires, and from an ignoble clan. Etienne's supposedly loyal
subjects look for the first signs of weakness and plot to take his
place, while Cainite crusaders think to take his throne for
themselves or their masters. His sire grows impatient with him
and sends an emissary who may seek to install himself as prince.
And, of course, Acre itself — the main city of the Second
Kingdom — is off limits to the unliving. The confused leader-
ship among immortals hampers their cause as certainly as the
mortals' in-fighting does their own.

SCENE ONE:
ARRIVAL IN ACRE

Act one brings the characters to Acre and gives them an
introduction to the local situation, letting those new to Dark
Medieval Outremer get their bearings. The atmosphere is
anxious, as soldiers who are eager to do battle and fulfill their
vows sit and wait, while civilians try to stay out of their way and
protect what little food they have. For vampires, this is not a
problem. The gathering ofan army fromall across Europe means
that there are many, many mortals for them to feed from with
little chance of discovery — provided they stay away from those
strong enough in their faith to resist the Damned.

Ports OF CALL

Under the Black Cross assumes that the players are
traveling as part of the crusader armies arriving from Europe,
specifically in the contingent of Heinrich von Achern. But,
unlike the mortal soldiers from Hungary or Austria, vampires
cannot land at Acre's port. Characters making a single success
of an Intelligence + Occult roll of 8 or better (less, if the
characters have already been to the Levant) will know that no
Cainite has been able to enter Acre for over a millennium.
(Speculation is that a mighty relic generates a powerful aura.)
‘Whatever the truth is — and centuries of investigation have
failed to find it—vampires who try toenter Acre spontaneously
burst into flame and suffer an agonizing Final Death. Even their
ghoul servitors are in great pain the whole time they are within
Acre's walls.

Asa precaution, then, vampires sailing to Acre habitually
make arrangements with friendly captains in Italy,
Constantinople or Cyprus to travel on a ship delivering cargo
to the ports of Sidon or Haifa, respectively north and south of

ASHES OF OUTREMER


Acre. In the players' characters' case, traveling with von
Achern's troops, they are on a ship that docks on the evening
tide at Haifa, roughly a night's journey along the coast from
their goal. The port is quiet, deserted of all save the workers
necessary to unload the ships, for the general population takes
shelter within their homes, hiding from the local crusader
garrison. A few timid vendors hawk their wares of fruit, pastries
and fresh water to the Franj warriors, but poor sales discourage
them from trying very hard.

Characters traveling to Acre by other means have several
options. Besides arranging their own sea travel, Cainites begin-
ningin Constantinople could travel overland through Anatolia,
then south along the east coast of the Mediterranean through
Antioch, Sidon and finally arriving at Acre. They must pass
through the lands of the Nicene Greeks and the Seljuk Turks,
but gold anda judicious use of the Blood smoothes many path.

A coterie journeying north from Jerusalem or other cities
can simply take any ofa number of roads, either inland through
Judeaand Galilee oralong the coast from Ascalon. The greatest
danger comes when crossing Muslim lines, but trade caravans
do so regularly, and characters should have no difficulties

ge to Etienne's court. There are Ravnos and
who make a tidy sum ferrying Cainites between
Jerusalem and the coast.

However the characters travel to the environs of Acre,
they come to realize that they are traveling through an ex-
tended armed camp, with watch posts and bivouacs growing

more frequent by the mile. Painted shields hang from tall poles
ortrees, identifying noble houses coming from all across Europe.
Atone camp, in the light of a great bonfire, a brawl has broken
out between German crusaders and newly arrived Cypriot
troops. Fist and rocks have escalated to dagger and swords. No
clue is to be seen what started the fight, although a lone priest
stands among them shouting for peace and reminding them
that, "The true enemiesare the servants of Satan in Jerusalem!"
His words have little effect, but the soldiers' officers bring the
fighting to an end eventually.

Should the Cainites wish to intervene, von Acher forbids
it. "We must be at Acre before dawn," he says, "for tomorrow
night we present ourselves at the prince's court." A measure of
sarcasm creeps into his voice as he adds, "The glittering palace
of the Prince of Dirt!"

SCENE Two: Court OF Dirt

The vacuum of leadership in the mortal crusade finds its
kin in the fragmented power structure of Acre's Cainites. While
Etienne de Fauberge holds on to his title, other powerful
vampires whisper and plot among each other, and factions
dance to see which might take his place when the time is right.
The characters become a part of these dark games — slightly at
first, then more markedly when the power brokers realize that
the coterie itself may hold the keys.


This scene illustrates the fault lines dividing the vampires
of Acre and the fragile nature of Etienne's rule. It may even
occur to the players that no one in Acre cares much about the
crusade itself. Instead, they all focus on achieving their own
objectives. The characters have to choose among the factions
for themselves. It also provides the first warnings of the pres-
ence of Gauthier de Dampiere, who has come on a crusade of
his own. Finally, this scene provides graphic evidence of the
aura's power, as an exhausted Cainite surrenders himself to
God's judgment.

CARAVANSARY

Etienne makes his haven within the walls of an ancient
caravansary, a large inn surroundinga courtyard a bit more than
amile from St. Anthony's Gate. In the guise of the pious host,
he provides traveling merchants with rest, stabling and storage,
while he in turn gains intelligence from them and occasionally
feeds. He walks among those who live outside the city's walls,
even within the area of the aura's influence. Although he is
constantly in pain from the holy aura, and despite the occa-
sional flames that flicker around his undead skin if he ventures
too close, he is obsessed with Acre and its secret, and he feels
that the pain serves to purify him before God.

The arrival of so many soldiers has made many potential
havens outside of Acre unsafe, so Etienne has graciously offered
lodging in secure storerooms and a small series of underground
catacombs that were builtby Christians in the days of Diocletian's
persecutions. "Besides," he adds, "I have the room to spare.
With the coming of war, there will soon be few caravans on the
toad." He only asks that dwellers in the catacombs treat them
with respect. They also sheltered Nestorian Christians, perse-
cuted by the Byzantines in the Fifth Century and still regarded
as heretics by the Latin and Greek Churches. "Like us, they
were damned, but they still adored God."

PRESENTATIONS AND PRESENTIMENTS

Etienne holds court beginning just after sundown, when
his ghoul servitors close the gates to the courtyard and set up a
simple throne for him by an ancient Roman fountain. Torches
surround the courtyard in sconces on the wall, but not close
enough to invoke Rétschreck. If, however, they make his
Cainite guests a bit uncomfortable, then Etienne is pleased. A
little discomfort promotes humility. Beneath the moon and
stars, Etienne invokes the name of God and welcomes his
guests. He calls for God's blessings on the crusade and its
warriors and prays that it may succeed before the coming Day
of Judgment, "which Bashir has shown is coming soon."

He then invokes the Tradition of Domain and explains his
laws. In addition to the Six Traditions, Etienne has but one firm
command. There is to be no violence of any sort within a mile
of the city — that is, within the influence of the aura. "For it
would be a mortal sin against God to raise fist or bare fang in
anger within his Realm of Peace. Those who violate this
command will be taken within the city and, with the coming
of night, be left to God's punishment." With that, he calls for
the newcomers to present themselves.

Unless they haveachieved substantial rank, the characters
are left until last, so they have achance to observe. In turn, they

notice the keen gazes coming from the Cainites who are already
resident in Acre. A Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7)
with asingle success reveals that the others are sizing up the new
arrivals. Two or more successes show that one in particular —
a dark-haired Cainite woman in expensive Italian fashions —
is staring at Count von Achern with barely concealed con-
tempt. This is the Lasombra Maria d'Agostino. The characters
can also pick out a face from the past: the Tremere Alexia of
Nicosia. Wearing clothes of a significantly more Moorish cut
since her appearance in Magdeburg years ago, the Usurper
seems to be doing her best to avoid everyone in von Achern's
party. If the characters approach her during the evening,
especially if they challenge her right to be here, she pointedly
reminds them that this is not Magdeburg.

The first to present himself is von Achern, although Count
Dieter objects that he has rank over a "common baron." Before
von Achern can do more than glare and begin to reach for his
sword, Etienne signals all to silence and consults with a thin,
aquiline-faced Cainite standing behind him on his right. This
Cainite is Aram Hovannes, an agent of Varsik. Afteramoment,
he rules for von Achern, as he is also a Teutonic Knight. Count
Dieter presents himself second, much to his chagrin.

The players' characters come next, if they were not part of
the retinue of a noble Cainite. Prince Etienne interviews them
about their past and their intentions in the Holy Land, and he
grants them permission to feed while here. Following them, only
Alexia remains to present herself. As she approaches Etienne's
throne and begins to speak, another voice calls from the shadows
near the gate, "I claim precedence over the Usurper."

From under an arch, there steps forth an elegant, cold
beauty who also graced the halls of Magdeburg keep those years
ago: Lady Kara Vlaszy Lupescu. As she walks forward, flanked
by two Vlaszy knights, the characters note von Achern's ghoul
knights putting hand to sword and hear the baron himself
suppress a bestial growl. "I am Lady Kara Vlaszy Lupescu, childe
of Radu and warlord of the Knights of Vlaszy. I am here on
crusade and seek your permission to hunt." Observant charac-
ters may recall looking in that direction earlier yet seeing no one
in the arch.

Before the murmurs that rise from the gathered company
can become shouts, Etienne again signals for silence. He chides
Kara for her lack of courtesy but accepts her introduction and
grants her permission to hunt. He also warns her to preserve the
peace of Acre, "for we have heard of your war with the
Tremere." He then turns to Alexia, who glares at Lupescu, and
grants her permission as well.

After the presentations, Etienne turns to the crowd and
issues them a further warning to be wary around mortals:

.especially the mortal crusaders. | have heard that there is in
Acre a knight of great holiness, by the name Gauthier de
Dampiere. He preaches to all who will listen that devils follow
the crusade, demons in human form. We do not know what his
plans are, for we ate nearly blind in Acre, but we do know that
he has been talking to the military orders. Be circumspect, and
remember to preserve the Silence of the Blood."

JUDGMENT Nicut

The coterie may be expecting a welcoming feast at this
point, but Etienne has other plans. After the audience is

ASHES OF OUTREMER


hands — the first sign of the aura's presence. Maria d'Agostino,
Rumor Min, Repux walkingnearby, leanstoward one ofthe coteriemembersandsays
softly, "I would go no closer. Etienne is a fool who finds salvation
in pain. The Leper's fate will be the same as all the others who
approach Acre too closely — the fires of Hell."
The crowd stops and watches as Jerome continues his
journey, the breeze carrying the sounds of prayer from his
blistered lips. As the coterie watches, he walks toward the Gate
of Maupas, his steps more plodding and his body bent as if in
great pain. Soon the sharp-eyed see smoke rising from him and
the light of small flames licking around his head. Then, before
anyone can intervene, he falls to the ground in a heap and
suddenly bursts into a bright white fire. No sounds or screams
come from him, just a few seconds of blazing fire and then
nothing but smoldering ashes. After a moment of staring in
si ‘ sadness at the spot of the Leper's end, Etienne turns to the
King Andras wants togethis hands on as many holy relics assembled vampires. "God has judged Jerome and found him
as he can. sinful. Let us repair to our havens and pray for him." With that,
© Gauthier de Dampiere: "I saw him in the Cainites disperse into the night.
Constantinople 15 years ago, you know. He killed three

Bruja msl He hear the voce of St Paul when SCENE THREE: SNAKES
he sleeps, they say."; "I hear he's gathering members o} . ' me ee ma
Peete | CRAWLING IN THE DESERT
the city." This scene disabuses the characters of any notions that
© Von Achern: "Long live the undead king of their side has the monopoly on virtue, and it illustrates the bad
Hungary! Hah!"; "He wants to usurp his master, Lord effect that inactivity is having on the morale and discipline of
Jiirgen. Thi usade is his way to do it." the army of the Fifth Crusade. Left to their own devices, soldiers
© Count Dieter: "An Austrian. He's a distant vassal both mortal and immortal seek to release their tensions on the
of Hardestadt, buthe hates Lord Jiirgen."; "He's enthralled nearest target, often innocent civilians. The scene also serves to
tothat Hungarian Patrician... Arpad, Nova Arpad."; "His introduce the coterie to another player in the Acre power
sire was in league with the Baali, you know." structure, the guerillas of Hanifa bint Nasir. She is a staunch
¢ Kara and the Tzimisce: "She's killed four of von defender of Muslims butisnot averse to dealing with Christians.
She has traded information with Etienne in the past, so the
characters may lay the seeds of cooperation in this scene so that

Once again, the characters have plenty of time to
gather rumors and other information among the as-
sembled Cainites and ghouls. Some of this information
canalsopop uplater in the story. Charisma + Politics rolls
remain appropriate.

© Etienne: "Not much ofa prince, is he?"; "You see
that one whispering in his ear? That's an agent of
Etienne's sire, here to keep an eye on him."; "I hear he
bargained with Hardestadt once, many years ago."

© The Crusade: "Another foolish game played by
popes and princes."; "Jerusalem is sure to fall. I hear the
Assamites have withdrawn to Persia. The other Muslims
vampires don't have a hope without them."; "I hear say

Acherm's childer over the last five years. Four."; "She
took a blood oath to Vladimir Rustovitch when she was
a mortal girl, that one. Her whole family does that."; "I they can bear important fruit later.

hear she ruts with King Andras of Hungary." DeabLy Sport

* Alexia of Nicosia: "She's under a blood hunt in
Germany."; "She's here to steal the secrets of Saracen
blood magic. Good luck, wench." :

© Maria d'A gostino: "She basically runs trade out of
the Genoan Quarter in the city."; "I hear the Cainite
Heresy wants her destroyed and that's why she can't
return to Italy."; "She was born a Moor, you know. Still
is, really."

Inthe middle of October, a few weeks after the immolation
of Jerome, the coterie hears word of the massacte of a family of
Muslim innkeepers by Christian soldiers. Soon after rising for
the evening, news is brought to the characters by Dugaq ibn
Jamil, the Toreador scribe at Etienne's court. Dugaqis the cover
identity of the Setite Luqman ibn Wahid al Basim, but the
characters have no way of knowing that.

He tells them that the family in question had been hiding
its Islamic faith, having made a false conversion to Christian-
ity. They were discovered in prayer several nights ago by a
concluded, a frail, distracted-looking Nosferatu bows before patrol consisting of a French Cainite and his ghouls. The
the prince. "Are you certain of this, Jerome," the Ravnos asks. vampire gave the ghouls the women "to make sport with,"
The vampire, wrapped in leper's robes, saysnothing. Hemerely then executed the entire family. "It seems they had grown
nods. Etienne has a look of near-ecstasy on hisface,andhe tells bored here and needed excitement."
the assembled Cainites that, tonight, Jerome has decided to But now there is a problem. The Frenchmen have van-
destroyed. "Let us walk with him and bear witness." but they have not returned, and no word has come of them

The gates open, and Etienne leads the assemblage into the tonight. Dugaq has come to the coterie as an emissary from
late night. A light mist covers the ground, and wan moonlight Etienne. He wishes them to follow the patrol's path and
bathes the walls of Acre. As the characters come within a mile discover its fate, before rumor runs rampant through the army
ofthecity, apainfulpricklingbeginsatthebackoftheirnecksand  Theyaretoleave tonight, tell no one and report back to Dugaq.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS


Players who makea Perception + Empathy roll (difficulty 7) are
confident that Dugagq is telling the truth. In fact, he is. Etienne
suspects Hanifa's work and is concerned about his position
should itbe known that Muslim Cainites were killing Christian.
vampires in his territory. The prince can confirm Duqaq's
words if need be, although he won't appreciate any lack of
subtlety on the coterie's part.

Luqman has chosen the characters as Etienne's errand-
boys for reasons of his own. He is well aware that von Achern
wants to make for Damietta and the Nile, and he hopes that
sending vampires allied with him toward evidence of the
problems of waiting around will spur the baron to action. He
may also have heard that the coterie has previous experience
solving problems such as this (as evidenced by its activities
during Shadows at Court). If the characters are not tied to von
Achern, he hopes that their investigation will still spur on the
Christian forces and the predators among them.

PERCEPTIONS OF TRUTH

The trip to the inn takes no more than two or three hours.
On arrival, the coteries sees an empty burned shell, likely the
work of the patrol. If the coteries examines the ground around
the inn, one success at a Perception + Survival roll (difficulty
7) reveals faint horse tracks heading into rough country to the
north. Two successes confirm that someone tried, but failed, to
cover the trail. A single Perception + Investigation roll (diffi-
culty 7) uncovers a grisly find: the severed hand of a small child
and a bloody doll in Arab dress.

Following the trail leads to a small box canyon among the
rough hills beyond the inn. The sight that greets the coterie is
one of a vampire's greatest fears. A full garment of knight's
armor lies on the ground, seemingly pinned there by a sharp-
ened wooden stake. The armor shows signs of scorching and
contains a quantity of fine gray ash: Its wearer was staked for the
sun. An Intelligence + Politics roll (difficulty 6) identifies him
asa French noble from the heraldry on hisshield. Nearby lie the
remains of his servitors, who have been hacked to ribbons then
savaged by animals.

Ona Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 8), the char-
acters hear movement on the stones behind them. Otherwise,
they are surprised when a woman's voice says, "I'd like to think
he screamed when the sun rose, the way that little girl did when
he hacked off her hand. But I know it couldn't have been."
Looking around, the coterie sees that the canyon is blocked by
an armed band of warriors — Muslims by their dress, Cainites
by their skill and demeanor. There are three more of them than
the number of the coterie, with the extras at the top of the
canyon walls with bows. Hanifa bint Nasir continues: "Now,
Franj, tell us why we shouldn't stake you, too."

The coterie has a number of options here. Cainites on the
Road of Heaven or Chivalry can probably convincingly de-
nounce the French vampire's actions as sinful or dishonorable,
perhaps even asserting that they, too, would have taken re-
venge. Depending on the vampires' approach, use what
combination of Traits you think are appropriate. However they
proceed, they must make three successes at difficulty 7. Let the
negotiations continue until the coterie succeeds, but make the
characters sweat. A botch in this case merely raises the needed

successes by one. Hanifa really does not want fightnow. What
she wants is someone to take her warning back. Honorable war
is one thing, but butchery will be answered with butchery. "Tell
Etienne that we will respect a truce as long as he controls his
domain. Should another supplant him, the truce is dead."

If the characters are spoiling for a fight, the characters can
attack, but they will not escape serious injury. Hanifa and her
warriors will retreat after a few turns, melting into the night, but
not before the archers plant a few arrows in the characters'
backs, a lesson to the rash. Use the Teutonic Knight and
Gangrel Predator templates for Hanifa's coterie (see p. 101),
adding appropriate Disciplines to reflect their clan.

TALKING WITH H SERPENT

Upon their return, the characters are met by Luqman/
Dugaq, who is waiting for their report. When he hears the news,
he tells the characters that it is as Etienne feared: "The excesses
of you Franj are arousing the anger of the Muslim vampires. I
have no doubt the Banu Hagim, whom you call Assamites, are
already among us. And tonight I have heard rumors of mortals
fighting within the city as food grows short. At times, I think the
Muslims merely have to wait — the Christians will tear
themselves down."

ScENE Four:
TouRNAMENT AT MIDNIGHT

This scene provides a break for players in need of the thrill
of combat, for Etienne has decided to host a midnight tourna-
mentforhiscrusader guests. The festival mood provides welcome
relief to the tension engendered by the last few weeks of
enforced inactivity and allows Etienne to reinforce his station.
The climax comes not in the final combat, however, but at the
moment when all present realize that the holy aura of Acre has
vanished. In the events that follow, the characters are drawn
deeper into Acre's Cainite politics, and they can become power
brokers themselves.

It is the end of October, and the lowering clouds and cold
winds that blow from the mountains mirror the depression
among the crusaders. Food is still short, and there has been no
word of the fleet coming totake the army to Egypt. It is with likely
delight, then, that the coterie receives word that Prince Etienne
will host a tournament the next evening, an event to lighten
spirits and give warriors a chance to practice their martial skills.
Baron von Achern in particular welcomes the chance to test
himself against both Count Dieter and Lady Kara.

JouSTING WITH SwoRDS

The coterie arrives at a large cleared field, perhaps 100 yards
ona side, near some secluded Roman ruins but within sight of
Acte's walls. All the Cainites whom the characters met at
Etienne's court are present, and, as retainers of Baron von
Achern, the characters are expected to help prepare him for
battle. Still, they are not passive observers, and they may partici-
pate in the various tests and interact with the other guests.

The tournament begins with Etienne addressing the crowd
and welcoming his guests. At his side, as always, is Varsik's
agent, Aram. A success at a Perception + Empathy roll (diffi-

HASHES OF OUTREMER


culty 8) will show that Etienne is more nervous in Aram's
presence than he has been in the past. He explains that there
will be three events or tests: a javelin toss, single combats and
a general melee. Combats end on the first blood or surrender,
and all actions are afoot, as the night makes the ground too
treacherous for horses. Some of the Franks in attendance
(including the characters) may well scoff at such a limitation,
but they know that Etienne is still prince, and his rules hold.

As Storyteller, use the regular combat rules to adjudicate
the results of these tests, the greater number of successes
indicating the winner. Spectacular successes in combat may
call for frenzy rolls on the part of the victim. In the course of the
tournament, two incidents stand out:

© Javelin Hurl: After a run of five yards, the first contes-
tantsall throw their spears ata mannequin in Saracen dress that
hangs from a pole. Kara Lupescu is last, and, pausing before her
run, comments that a stationary target is no challenge to a
warrior. At that, to gasps from the crowd, two ghouls bring forth
abound and blindfolded mortal. They unbind him, and, given
ashove, he runs in terror as he realizes what is in store for him.
Before he can get far, however, the Fiend trots a few steps and
flings the spear with all her might. An instant later, it finds its
mark, piercing the fleeing Arab through the heart and pinning
him to the ground. To Etienne's chagrin at this affront and the
applause of others, Lupescu bows and leaves the field. Charac-
ters who have dealt with Kara before may find this out of
character, and it is somewhat. She intends to have the as-

UNDER THE BLACK CRO:

sembled Cainites dismiss her as a typically cruel Fiend, not as a
rival and threat. For the most part, it works.

¢ Single Combat: The highlight is the battle between
Baron von Achern and Count Dieter, who have been rivals
since their arrival in Acre. Although the fight is to first blood,
each fights with the savagery of real battle. At the last, von
Achern scores a mighty hit, the pain from which sends Count
Dieter into frenzy. Itcomes toan end quickly as the baron strikes
another blow that completely incapacitates the count, though
it does not send him into torpor. Humiliated, Count Dieter is
dragged from the field, muttering of revenge.

JousTING wiTH Worps

Non-combatants among the Cainites can move among the
audience and speak with Acre's vampires. Tailor the conversa
tions to fit the details of your own chronicle and the coterie.
Storiesoftheiractivitiesin Magdeburgand the warin Transylvania
may well dominate much of their conversation. The major actors
in Etienne's court all have things to add as well:

¢ Aram Hovannes: Smooth as the skilled merchant he
was in life, Varsik's agent talks in general pleasantries that
reveal none of Varsik's displeasure with Etienne. Rather, a
perceptive character may realize that Aram is subtly asking her
questions, trying to learn where she stands and what she knows
of the crusade's next moves.

® Maria d'Agostino: This Genoese Magister is accompa-
nied at all times by her ghoul bodyguard, who poses as her
husbandand the head of the family during the day. She does little

Z

NINA

JN RRRRN
LINING

AAR


to hide her contempt for Etienne, arguing that the vampires of
the Second Kingdom should be ruled by a European prince, but
someone more sophisticated than the Ventrue brutes from
Germany. Unless the coterie has demonstrated great loyalty to
Baron von Achern, she will sound the character out on the
possibility of providing support, "in case of political change."

¢ Alexia of Nicosia: The Usurper seeks out a member of
the coterie, preferably one who may have shown her some
sympathy during their first encounter. She sounds them out and
lets slip that she is interested in making amends to Lord Jiirgen
somehow. She also suggests that whatever is causing the aura
around Acre could be used against the Tzimisce if the Tremere
were allowed to study it.

© Prince Etienne: The Ravnos seems uncomfortable and
pensive, unable to appreciate the night's entertainment. A
sympathetic word from a player's vampire elicits the admission
that his inability to discover the source of the aura has dis-
pleased his sire, Varsik. "If do not succeed soon, perhaps Aram
will be prince here at the next crusade." He drops subtle hints
that he may be willing to change allegiance to Lord Jiirgen in
return for protection, though any clumsy or blatant offer of
treason repels him.

Tue Aura FAs

The climax to the scene comes during the final general
melee, a few hours before dawn, when the combatants divide
into two equal groups and charge each other. Armed with ax,
sword, mace and hammer, each Cainite and ghoul involved
wants the glory of being the last standing. Play-out individual
combats for each character involved, and make them as dra-
matic as possible. Call for frenzy rolls and let one or two
non-player vampires fail theirs for dramatic effect.

When you judge the moment right, perhaps as a player's
vampire becomes one of the last standing, a screech cuts
through the night and stops everyone inplace. It is Etienne, and
hestares back toward Acre witha look of horror on his face. "It's
gone, it's gone," he shrieks. It takes a moment, but players who
succeed on an Intelligence + Alertness roll (difficulty 7) realize
what's missing: The aura is gone. They no longer feel the ever-
present tingling in their hands and neck that they feltwhenever
they were in sight of Acre. It is as if it never existed.

For the first time in a thousand years, Acre is an open city.

Act Two:
INTO THE CITY

Thisact changes the paceand tempoof Ashes of Outremer.
Where before everything was filled with the interminable
boredom of waiting, the disappearance of the aura spurs Acre's
Cainites to activity like ants whose hill has been kicked over.
They rush to establish havens and domain in the city and to
discover what happened to the aura. Political maneuvering
quickens as well, for the loss of the fragment of the True Cross
leads Aram to deliver an ultimatum to Etienne: find it or be
deposed and perhaps even placed under a blood hunt. At
Etienne's court, all factions court the characters for the struggle
that is sure to come.

Again, the change in the vampire world is mirrored by the
around? The
evening after the midnight tournament, the coterie and the
vampires of Acre learn that Kings John and Andras, as well as
Duke Leopold of Austria, have marched their armies south into
Galilee on an extended raid in search of food and holy relics.
Perhaps the rumored piece of the True Cross has left with them?
The mood in this act is one of anxiety and activity, as the
vampiresare keptin motion from one scene to the next and they
struggle to fulfill twin goals: find the relic and gain Acre for Lord
Jiirgen. There is alsoa sense of wonder, as they explorea city that
no Cainite has entered since the time of Christ.

ScENE Frve: SAFE HAVENS

October gives way to November and, as mortal armies
march, Cainites are also on the move. The power struggles in
Acre intensify in this scene as vampires stake their claims to
lairs within the city. They also seek the answer to the mystery
of the aura and how they may profit from it. They also discover
Dampiere's role in the relic's fate.

The scene begins the night after the tourney, when Baron
von Achern calls the characters into a conference. The atmo-
sphere in hislairis like a council of war. Armed and armored for
battle, von Achern tells them to enter Acre and make a haven
for themselves there. Their actions will help stake Lord Jiirgen's
claim to Acre, should Etienne fall — as von Achern expects
him to. The fate of the relic is a secondary goal. They should
only be concerned if it looks likely to fall into Lupescu's hands.
With that, he dismisses them.

VIRGIN TERRITORY

The coterie enters Acre through the Gate of Maupas,
ironically using the same route that the Leper Jerome took —
and met his Final Death on — several weeks earlier. They are
greeted by a city awake at night and relaxed, now that most of
the army has moved on. Torches burn at the entrances to
businesses catering to late-night revelers, and the sug, Acre's
marketplace, is crowded with townsfolk enjoying an evening's
shopping. Here and there among the crowds, the vampires see
others of their kind searching for new havens and hunting for
blood. The following are samples of what they may come across
in their wanderings:

The Madman: Along the harbor's edge deep within the
Pisan Quarter, a long jetty leads out to an ancient structure, the
Tower of Flies. Ona pile of rope where the jetty meets the street,
aragged beggar sits, alternately laughing and shouting curses at
the tower. When asked, he replies that the tower should by
tights be his, but squatters have already taken it over. He points
at the rats crawling along the rocks of the jetty and laughs: "It
seems our kind have been here all along." He then runs off to
drive the rats out of "his home."

© First Feeding: Passing near the Palace of the Patriarch in
the old town, a scream rings out from an alley. As they enter it,
a fleeing woman slams into them, blood pouring from her neck.
She shouts in French of "monsters" and that "the chevaliers at
the Monastery of the Apostles wasright," referringto Dampiere.
Behind her comes a vampire caught in a feeding frenzy, obvi-

ASHES OF OUTREMER


ously a newly released neonate. Lips smeared with blood, she
glares at the coterie and hisses, "The cow is mine!" With a
panicked kine in their armsanda frenzied Cainite before them,
how will the vampires prevent a scene and preserve the Sixth
Tradition? Saving the woman can help lead them to Dampiere,
but it may also make them enemies among their own kind. If
they manage to save her, she is very thankful. Her name is
ster in the Hospital of St. John, and she can tell
them that a group of brother knights have been preaching
about "night devils" at the small Monastery of the Apostles in
the shadow of St. Andras' Church.
¢ Holy Land: The aura of fiery faith that surrounded the
city may have fallen, but that does not mean that Acre is an easy
city in which to be a vampire. A city in the Holy Land bearing
the marks of several crusades, the city is a network of churches,
shrines, old Muslim sites and monasteries. For the Damned,
much of the ground still radiates with the faith of the mortal
populace and the influence of God. The coterie should come up
against various examples of holy ground — from well-tended
minor shrines to major churches and holy sites that date back
tothe first century AD. Enterprising characters might try to get
a sense of the most powerful patterns of holy ground in the
hopes of finding the resting_place of the Cross fragment. Doing
s0 is hardly easy, but players can make an extended Perception
+ Occult roll (difficulty 9). Each turn represents about a half-
hour of searching, and failing two rolls inarow means losing the
ephemeral trail. By accumulating 10 successes, the characters
find their way to the Monastery of the Apostles. At the
Storyteller's discretion, levels of Auspex may add to the dice
pool for these rolls.

© The Magyars: Vlaszy knights are among those scram-
bling through the city looking for havens. As the characters

explore the eastern quarters, they will note thatthe Vlaszy have
claimed the so-called Accursed Tower in the city wall's corner.
Depending on their allegiances, the characters may come into
conflict with some of the Vlaszy who challenge their rights to
be nearby. Kara Lupescu is not at the tower. She too has heard
of Dampiere's activities at the Monastery of the Apostles and
has gone to investigate. If you need a way to get characters to
the next scene, they might catch of a glimpse of her stalking
around and follow her there.

RELIQUARY

Whether they are following rumors, Lupescu or the patterns
of fate in the city, the characters eventually come to the small
Monastery of the Apostles on a deserted street by the Church of
St. Andras, between the Pisan and Genoese quarters. The
monastery is hardly spectacular, more of a house that wraps
around a gated courtyard. The iron gate is locked but hardly
impossible to get through, either by climbing or wriggling
through the bars. Character may also enter through one of the
windows on the second floor, gaining access to the monastery.
The ambient holiness of the site is palpable, and the Damned
may feel their Beastsstir (ask for Courage rolls at your discretion).

The courtyard is a small square overlooked by the two-
story monastery on all sides. The corners and walls of the
courtyard feature shrines to the various Apostles of Christ, the
largest being to St. Paul the Missionary, at the center of the far

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

Hoty GROUND

Holy ground has several effects and is
of a Faith rating. To summarize the full rules (which
appear in several supplements), players make a Will-
power roll when their Cainite characters try to enterholy
ground (difficulty equal to the Faith rating). Success
means they can proceed, although they still feel uncom-
fortable. Failure means they suffer one level of bashing
damage per turn in the site. A botch means they
proceed. If the characters remain through the day, the
players must make that roll again at dawn. All blood
expenditures are doubled on holy ground, and diff
for Auspex, Chimerstry and Obtenebration (and all
perception-altering powers) increase by tw:
mortals (those with True Faith), however, have thei
rating increased by one level on holy ground (or more on
especially potent site:

rated in terms

Some examples of holy ground in Acre include:
Site Faith Notes
Monastery of the Apostles 4 -
Monastery's Shrine to St. Paul +2 Faith
for the blessed

St. Andrew's Church
St. Anthony's Gate
St. Nicholas Tower
St. Sebastian's Church

wall. What was once a surface of cobblestones before the
representation of the Apostle and his donkey, is now a gaping
hole. The cobbles lie in a rough pile nearby, obvious dug out of
the shrine. Ifand when the characters get within a few yards of
the shrine, the power of God burns at them with increased
intensity (see sidebar and table). By the time they get there,
however, the characters are likely to have other problems — in
the form of the two armed knights: Teutonic Brother Karl and
Brother Duncan of the Knights of St. Thomas.

Just how Karl and Duncan react to the coterie depends on
the characters' behavior. Gauthier and his allies took the Cross
fragment from its hiding place under the shrine of St. Paul the
previous night and left for ‘Atlit the following morning with a
cadre of bother knights. Karl and Duncan were tasked with
guarding the shrine from any devils who come to desecrate it
If the characters look obviously inhuman or are dressed as
Saracens, the knights attack. If they are dressed as monks,
pilgrims orcrusaders (especially Teutonic Knights), the charac-
ters have a better chance of escaping without combat. The
brothers are no fools, however, and Gauthier has warned them
that devils move among the crusaders. The brothers ask the
characters to recite the Lord's Prayer before the shrine of St.
Paul. Doing so means approaching the holiest spot in the
monastery and requires a Courage roll (difficulty 8) to endure
the pain. Those who go through with it suffer one level of
bashing damage but get a good chance to examine the exca-
vated resting-place of the Cross fragment. The final complication


is that Brother Duncan is blessed with true sight. After a few
minutes of interaction, roll his Perception + Faith (a total of
five dice while near the shrine). A single success means that he
senses evil from the characters and strikes.

Regardless of how the vampires cajole information from
Karl and Duncan, they can learn that the Cross did indeed lie
here and that Dampiere left with it. "The Cross of Our Lord,
stained with His blood, which has rested here since St. Paul
gave it to Acre's first Christians," is how they describe it. The
brothers, however, do notknow where Dampiere and his fellow
knights have taken the fragment. A messenger was tocome and
get them once the relic was secure. They may also learn some
of the same information by interrogating some of the monks at
the monastery.

Use the Teutonic Knight template for Karl and Duncan.
Each also has True Faith | (raised to 2 in the monastery and 3
near the shrine). They fight to the death, but they can be
incapacitated and interrogated, and they are not above spitting
out dying curses that reveal the Cross' fate.

SCENE Six: DEMARCHE

Several weeks pass without a major development. Finding
Gauthier proves very difficult, although the characters can
gathera few facts. Several skilled knights from the militant orders
(mostly the Teutonic Knights and Knights of St. Thomas) have
gone missing and are said to have left on an expedition with
Gauthier. The characters may also uncover that others are
searching for Dampiere, including Kara Lupescu and Alexia of
Nicosia. Kara seems to be onto the same leadsas they are, having
visited the monastery. If they don't go see him of their own
volition, Dugaq catches wind of the characters' inquiries and
offers to help as partial repayment for the services that they have
tendered him before. He will contact them when he knowsmore.
During this time, however, the political situation among the
Cainites of Acre almost completely ruptures.

Tue Last STRAW

One evening, the coterie receives a summons to Etienne's
court, but from Aram, rather than Etienne. Upon arrival, the
characters find themselves alone. Raised voices and even
shouting can be heard from a side chamber. If they listen, they
hear Etienne plead that he hasdone his best, but Aram cuts him
off. Varsik's agent accuses Etienne of forgetting his duties, of
neglecting Varsik's interests to pursue his own games as an
information merchant. He knows that Etienne has had deal-
ingswith Hanifaand many others. "Recover the Cross," he says,
"or be cast down from your throne and renounced by your sire."

The interview between Aram and Etienne closes, and the
coterie has just enough time to retreat and not be discovered
eavesdropping. At the same time, the important Cainites of
Actearrive. They, too have received Aram's summons. When
they gather, Aram mounts the dais with Etienne at his side,
clearly in an inferior position. He announces an offer from
"Varsik, sire of the current prince, Etienne de Fauberge," with
adecided edge to the word "current." Ifanyone present recovers
the holy relic and gives it to Varsik, that Cainite will have the
etemal friendship of the most powerful Christian vampire in
Jerusalem, a debt not to be sneered at. After letting that sink in,


he signals the entertainers to begin. He then turns and leaves
the Prince of Dirt to his misery.

The other vampires mix and talk in hushed whispers over
warm cups of blood as jugglers perform among them, but the
forced conviviality cannot wholly mask the tense negotiations
taking place. Baron von Achern will tell the characters that
this is the opportunity he needs to gain Acre for Lord Jiirgen.
They are to mix with the others and sound them out on the idea
of von Achern becoming prince and to find out what each
wants in return. As Storyteller, you can make use of the
information provided in the character descriptions in Chapter
Four: Dramatis Personae and in this chapter to play each of
the Storyteller characters as they pursue their goals. It is here
that Etienne will make a definite, but discrete offer to switch
allegiance to Lord Jiirgen in return for protection. By the end
of this act, the players should realize that the only practical way
to gain Acre for Lord Jiirgen is to keep Etienne on the throne
as his vassal. To do so will mean gaining the acquiescence of a
majority of the other vampires, including Baron von Achern,
to present Aram with a fait accompli.

THe GHUNTLET THROWN

At some point in the midst of the conspiring, the doors to
the courtyard of the caravansary swing open. Above the noise
of steel swords being drawn from their scabbards, a familiar
woman's voice rises above the din: "Blessings on the house of
the prince of Acre! We have come to enjoy your hospitality."
It is the Muslim Brujah Hanifa bint Nasir and her coterie.
Although their swords are sheathed, it is clear that they are
watchful and prepared to fight.

Shoutsrise from the crowd, and Etienne's ghoul retainers move
toattack, buthe stops them witha gesture. He welcomes Hanifaand
grants her the protection due a guest, as longs she keeps the peace.
"The Peace of God be with you. What is your business?"

Ona successful Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7), a
character will notice her glance meaningfully his way before
answering, anda further success (difficulty 8) will alert him that
Dugaq and perhaps others almost certainly saw it, too. Her
answer, though spoken to Etienne, is directed at Aram, who
glares hatred in return: "Just this. Varsik isa Christian ina Muslim
city, and he should be cautious of dictating terms. This is a time
of war between faiths and placing a hateful lick-spittle or Franj
warlord as sultan would be a provocation. Varsik is a trader, and
roads can be closed and hospitality revoked, after all."

Bowing, she and her coterie then turn and leave.

Fict THREE:
MONSTERS
AND MasTErRS

This act brings Ashes of Outremer to its conclusion. The
pace quickens again as the actions that the coterie undertakes
may well decide the fates of Prince Etienne and one of the most
powerful artifacts in all Christendom. A new force arrives in
Acre in the form of Sir Michael of Durham and his entourage.
He wants to protect the relic by bringing it to the Castle on the

UNDER THE BLHCK CROSS

Lake. Gauthier de Dampiere makes his move, too, deciding to
seek protection at the court of King Andras of Hungary when
word spreads about that monarch's planned departure for home.
Atthe same time, the various factions make their final deals to
decide Acre's prince.

In the mortal world, this initial phase of the crusade also
draws toaclose. King John's two attacks against the Muslim fort
of Mt. Tabor fail, as he mysteriously withdraws his troops each
time they are on the verge of success. In the midst of winter, a
force of nearly 500 Hungarian knights and sergeants is almost
wiped out while raiding in the mountains, seeking to establish
their own domain without their king's permission. And King
Hugh of Cyprus lays dying in Sidon. His passing marks the loss
of the Hungarian king's interest in the crusade and his decision
to return to Europe.

The mood of this act is one of closing possibilities, deci-
sions and last gambles. It is mid-December, and an unusually
cold, dark winter has left snow on the ground.

ScENE SEVEN? BITTER ASHES

This short scene introduces a new power into the swirling
politics of Acre, one that stands above Cainites' petty squabbles
and seeks only God's Will. The arrival of Michael of Durham
and his entourage can provide enough force for the coterie to
support whichever faction they back for the throne and be sure
of winning. Durham is interested in one thing only, however —
the fragment of the True Cross.

Tue Best AMONG THE Worst

One evening in December, as a light snow falls from a
cloud-cloaked sky, the coterie is attending Etienne's court. Few
others of importance are there, a sign of how weak the Prince
of Dirt's position has become. The characters are there perhaps
because they are Etienne's allies, perhaps because yon Achern
uses them as his eyes and ears, or even because they feel a
measure of sympathy for the Ravnos.

Whatever the reason, the night's silence is broken by the
jingling of horses' reins. A party of 10 riders comes into view.
The company is a mixture of Cainites and mortals, but the
mortals do not fear the vampires. If no character has prior
experience of the order, an Intelligence + Academics (Her-
aldry) roll (difficulty 8) allows him to read the heraldry on the
knight's shield. This is a party of the Order of the Bitter Ashes
— the vampiric Grail Knights. The knights will identify
themselves as they dismount, if the coterie fails to do so.

Etienne will almost be in awe as he greets Sir Michael and
his entourage, not even waiting for the proper ceremonies to
finish before he grants them permission to hunt and make a
haven. Asked why he has come, Sir Michael graciously declines
a proffered cup of blood and mentions the fragment of the True
Cross, "for this is too unsettled a land for it to remain in, and we
wouldsee it safe." Etienne shakes his head and says that itis gone
— to where, no one knows.

Atsome point, the players' characters may want to contact
Michael to see if they can sway him to their cause. He disdains
involvement in Cainite politics, but he agrees to support their
cause if, and only if, they can lead him to the relic. Having stated
his case, he leaves for his haven.


Mora STIRRINGS

The crusade is not going well for the characters' patron,
von Achern, so the Baron is ready and willing to put the
pressure on the coterie. The Hungarian knights who had set off
early in December to form their own holdings in Outremer
included many Vlaszy revenants, and the Baron is convinced
that the deaths of most of the expedition is nothing but a cover
for Lupescu to establish her vassals in a hidden stronghold
nearby. Meanwhile, King Andras is wholly disillusioned with
the crusade and looking to return to Hungary as soon as
possible. Although the king's return would surely mean that
Lupescu would head back as well, von Achern would have to
as well.

The baron tells much of this to the coterie soon after the
arrival of the Grail Knight and his entourage. Von Achern says
that he plans to remain near King Andras and exert what
influence he can to delay matters. The coterie must find the
Cross fragment or another way to exert Jiirgen's influence over
Acre before they are all forced to head back to Hungary. If the
characters are not tied to von Achern, they may hear of his
concerns through the vampiric grapevine of the city. Duqaq, as
always, is very well informed.

ScENE EIGHT:
DEAL WITH THE Devi,

Thisscene takes place a night or two after the arrival of the
Grail Knight. Invited to the new haven of Maria d'Agostino,
beneath a counting house owned by her family in the Genoese
Quarter of Acre, the characters are offered an alliance with her

faction, However they answer, or even if they demur, an
acquaintance offers them information that allows them to
finish things their way, if they give him what he wants.

BARGAINS OR BETRAYALS?

Beneath the House of San Angelo, the coterie is escorted
byaghoul into the presence of Maria d'Agostino. Here in her
new haven, they find her in the company of others among
Acre's important Cainites — Count Dieter, the Tremere
Alexia and Kara Lupescu. She is clearly holding court, and her
servitors act as if she were already the new prince of Acte.

She begins by stating that she intends to support Aram's
seizure of the prince's title at the next full moon, a week hence.
"He will think he rules, but I have the most important of the
kingdomn's true masters behind me, as you can see, and my hand
isstrengthened by the recent agreement signed between House
d Agostino and Lady Kara, for her master, Voivode Rustovitch.
But it would be sealed if you joined me. Swear your fealty and
become rulers of the Holy Land! Etienne cannot hold the throne,
Aram is a heretic loyal to a heretic, and von Achern kisses the
toes of the barbarian Magyars. None are true leaders. Swear!"

Successful Perception + Empathy rolls (difficulty 7) hint that
her "subjects" are not as firm in their loyalties as she may think.
Alexia clearly does not trust the Fiend. If the players' characters
refuse orask for time to decide, Dieter mutters about insolence and
suggests that they be killed on the spot. A gesture from Maria stays
hishand, "They are our guests and are free to go. We trust they will
soon see the right." If they accept, Etienne is finished.

THE OFFER OF HN APPLE

As the characters approach their lair, they find Duqaq
waiting for them. The Serpent in disguise wishes to speak
with them privately. If they agree, he offers them a deal. He
will provide them with the location of the fragment of the
True Cross, and thus what they need to keep Etienne on the
throne and win Acre for Lord Jiirgen. But, in return, they
must agree to one key thing: Under no circumstances is the
army to move against Jerusalem. The crusade must stick to
its original plan, and they must use all their influence and
that of their allies to see that the army attacks Egypt. "It is
Egypt or nothing. Do you agree?"

Characters may rightly argue that they do not have that
level of authority over mortal authorities. The Hungarian and
Cypriot kings are not vampiric pawns, certainly not their pawns.
Dugagq says that he understands all that. "Kings are advised by
barons and dukes, by priests and monks, and some of these are
a little too fond of our blood. The Lady d'Agostino has many
such friends, and she talks to them of heading for Jerusalem.
Were she prince, her wishes would be that much stronger.
Surely you can ensure that she does not get her way, yes?"

Should a character, perhaps one who has played in Bitter
Crusade and thus encountered Setites determined to send a
Christian crusade into Egypt, accuse Duqaq of being a Follower
of Set, he will not deny it. "But think of this — our interests are
the same. What harm have I done you? On the contrary, | offer
you what you most desire."

If the coterie agrees, he will tell them that Dampiere hides
at "the old tower of ‘Atlit, the site where the Templars wish to
build their new castle."

ScENE NINE:
LiGHT OF SALVATION,
Fire oF DAMNATION

Scene nine brings the characters face-to-face with the
power of mortal faith, both to enlighten and to destroy. The
characters are now among the only vampires to know the
location of the Cross fragment and Gauthier de Dampiere.
They should realize that possessing so powerful an artifact is
probably beyond their abilities, but using it for political (and
perhaps spiritual) ends should not be.

The characters have the choice of simply giving the
information to Sir Michael, accompanying him to ‘Atlit to see
the relic for themselves, or going there alone. In either of the
former cases, Michael readily agrees to support their cause as to
the princedom of Acre. If you do not wish to have them
encounter sucha powerful relic, Michael refuses their company,
but promises to attend the court of the full moon. Otherwise, he
accepts their company but warns them of the dangers. The
remainder of the scene assumes that they accompany him. If
they travel alone, the scene remains the same, save that
Michael is not there to support them.

They also hear word that King Andras has gone on whathe
hopesisa last journey through the region in search of holy relics
and to uncover the fate of the Magyar knights who disappeared
earlier in the month. He and the band of Teutonic Knights in

ASHES OF OUTREMER


his company travel by night, supposedly to better avoid Saracen
warriors. In fact, thisexpedition came at the suggestion of various
vampiric advisors. Von Achern believes that he planted the idea
in Andras' mind, and he plans to find the Vlaszy revenants and
eliminate them. The characters probably have no way of know-
ing this, but Kara Lupescu also supports the expedition. She hints
to Andras that there might be relics to be had at the tower of
‘Adlit, hoping that von Achern and Gauthier de Dampiere will
destroy each other. Characters who do not go to ‘Atlit with
Michael may rejoin von Achern on this expedition.

TOWER OF THE PILGRIM

‘Atlit isa set of old ruins south of Haifa, a tumbledown fort
and a tower across the road. Dampiere and his knights are
hiding here, hoping to figure out a way to escape the Holy Land
without falling afoul of Cainites or their agents. The weeks
spent at the tower have worn hard on them, and they are thin
and ragged, though their faith is strong. (All have at least one
level of True Faith.) There is one knight for each Cainite
present, plus Gauthier.

The knights have guards posted, although the winter
weather makes spotting approaching horsemen more difficult.
Call for Dexterity + Stealth rolls, at a difficulty equal to the
Perception + Alertness of the mortal guard, plus one for each
level of True Faith that the knight possesses (two if the
characters approach on horseback). Each Cainite needs three
successes to approach undetected. If the characters manage to
penetrate the ruins (which have an ambient Faith rating of 2
due to the Cross' presence) without being seen, Gauthier still
getsa feeling that evil is afoot. He orders his knights to prepare
adefense and takes the relic, wrapped in simple canvas and slips
it into a bag over his back. His knight's instincts tell him to
stand firm against an enemy, but he knows that escaping with
the Cross must take precedence.

Just how the characters, Michael, Gauthier and his fellow
knights come together depend on the players' decisions and
your own preferences. Use some of the same guidelines as the
characters' interactions in the monastery in Acre. If they
approach as knights or pilgrims they may well get the chance to
talk. Gauthier and at least one other knight share Brother
Duncan's gift of true sight, but in neither case does Sir Michael
seem evil to them. Fighting in the Cross' presence — including
when it is strapped on Michael's back — gives all the knight
three additional levels of True Faith.

If combat ensues, all the knights are ready and willing to
die to protect the Cross. They fight to delay their attackers so
that Gauthier can escape with the relic. They not only use
swords and weapons, but push the vampires back with holy
symbols with stunning effectiveness. Use the Teutonic Knight
template, each with one or two levels of True Faith (not
counting the bonuses from the Cross) and each with Melee 4
and Ride 4. These men are the cream of the knightly crop.

Gauthier cannot be convinced to surrender the Cross. The
best that the coteriecan dois convince him toaccept Sir Michael's
company as he brings the Cross out of the Holy Land for its
protection. So, unless the characters somehow manage to kill the
holy knights, the scene ends with Gauthier heading out of ‘Adit
with the Cross, presumably with the characters following him.

UNDER THE BLHCK CROSS

KINGS AND CRossES

Whether it's in the company of Sir Michael or running
from him and the coterie, Gauthier (and perhaps one or two
of his brothers) make a run from ‘Atlit that night. He runs
right into King Andras' excursion toward that same tower.
Needless to say, chaos ensues. Von Achern, one other vampiric
knight and several ghouls are riding with the king, and when
Gauthier comes riding from the tower with a fragment of the
True Cross in a bag on his back, they feel what can only be the
displeasure of God pass over them. Von Achern's fellow
vampire — the Teutonic brother Altus — cannot stand the
sudden reminder of his Damned nature. He falls from his steed
and scampers into the Levantine brush. Baron von Achern
maintains his composure but feels discomfort wash over him.
The ghouls stir as well but remain by their lord. If the coterie
is unwilling or unable to interfere, the characters can observe
the following course of events:

King Andras calls for order, and Gauthier dismounts and
kneels before him. "Most Christian King," he breathlessly
intones in Latin, "I beg your protection. I carry a relic most holy
and flee from devils in crusaders' garb. They seek to take this
thing from we, which I have pledged to protect with my life.
Brothers of the German Hospital, the Temple and of St.
Thomas have already died to get me to your wise self."

Andras can barely suppress a proud smile, and his avarice
for any holy trinket. "This relic," he asks, "what is it?"

"A fragment of the Cross of the Passion, milord. Brought
to Acre by the Apostle Paul and kept safe there until this very
fall, when devils came with the..." At this point, Gauthier's
attention focuses on von Achern, "With the crusade."

The Ventrue baron struggles for control, his Beast recoil-
ingfrom the power of the Cross but hungering for the power that
it represents. His greed gets the better of him. "Our order," he
stammers, "can protect this relic, King. This brave knight
should hand it over to us."

"Devil!" Gauthier screams, rising and drawing his sword.
His blessed sight has revealed his enemy, and he does not
hesitate. "Show your true self!"

Von Achern visibly recoils from the zealous knight, falling
from his steed in a pile. One of his ghouls tries to strike at
Gauthier, but shock and the power of the Cross slow him.
Gauthier pivots and lands a blow of his sword in the ghoul's
neck. Blood gouts, and the smell of gore is the last straw that
sends von Achern over edge. He leaps for Gauthier, baring
fangs and spitting blood as if using the Presence power Dread
Gaze. The king looks on in horroras one of his trusted advisors,
revealed to be a monster from Hell, does his best to kill the holy
knight Gauthier. Von Achern's cause is hopeless, though.
Every time he gets within striking distance of Gauthier, white
flames lick his form. Even in frenzy, he can only land a few
savage blows before Gauthier lops off his head with a mighty
blow of his sword. His monstrous visage burns to ash before it
hits the dirt.

Von Achem's ghoul immediately flees into the night, and
King Andras and his remaining knights take Gauthier (and
possibly Sir Michael) into their protection. They flee toward
Acre, making for Syria and Europe as soon as possible thereafter.


Tue TRUE Cross

The holy relic is a three-foot piece of dark wood marked by a dark stain reputed to be the Savior's own blood. The top
of the fragment shows the mark of a hole where a nine-inch nail might have been driven into it, subsequently splitting the
wood in twain. Other than that, it appears ordinary, albeit ancient. Gauthier has wrapped it in oilcloth to protect it, and he
carties it at all times in a bag slung across his back.

This is a powerful artifact, and it could have serious repercussions on your chronicle were it to fall into the characters'
hands. It's probably best that they not possess it. Beyond the spiritual and thematic problems of so important a holy relic being
inthe hands of vampires, the characters would also have to deal with the painful effects of the relic's holy aura, and the efforts
of Sir Michael and his order to recover it from them. Even so, curious or devout vampire characters may want to see it —
even if all they want is "just a peek."

Following are some guidelines and systems for dealing with this holiest of relics, but feel free to conjure up other effects
that suit your chronicle. The powers associated with the Cross are essentially limitless, and depending on the mood of your
chronicle, such miracles as the sudden blazing of the sun in the night sky or the appearance of saints intent on protecting
the relic can be altogether appropriate. Basic effects are as follows:

¢ This Cross fragment isa holy relic with a Faith rating of 5. This rating adds to the Faith of blessed characters who hold
it, which means that Gauthier's True Faith is a stunning 8 when he has it.

© The Cross sanctifies the ground it is on. An area of roughly 20 feet around it becomes holy ground with a rating of
3. (Yes, this means that it is difficult to even approach Gauthier when he has the Cross.)

© If the Cross enters a place of Christian worship (which is already holy ground) it raises the level of that holy ground
by 3. If itis placed in a reliquary or other area to be worshiped, the ambient holy ground rises by another two levels.

© A vampire who gazes at the Cross fragment and devotes his entire attention to it experiences holy vision. This vision
can be one of the Heaven denied him, the Hell that awaits him or even the holy face of Christ smiling with infinite love and
remorse. Players whose characters experience such visions should roll Willpower (difficulty 9). Failure means that the
character gains an appropriate derangement, such asa divergent Penitent personality.

© Any vampire who touches the Cross takes three levels of aggravated damage every turn (which he can soak with
Fortitude, difficulty 8). This damage manifests as white flames that lick the victim's body.

© Players of devoutly Christian vampires (Road of Heaven 8+) gain a difficulty bonus of two on all rolls dealing with
the Cross' effects, but they must roll Willpower (difficulty 8) after their contact with the Cross ends. Ona failure, the character
gains the Nightmares Flaw as her days are haunted by visions of the Cross.

The powerful aura that once surrounded Acre was a result of the Cross and its resting place. Although the Cross remains
asupremely powerful relic, there is no wandering, mile-wide "aura of destruction" surrounding it once it is removed from the
shrine to the Apostle Paul. Even returning it to the shrine probably doesn't restore the aura— once such a miraculous focus
of faith is disturbed, there's no turning back.

The characters can interfere at any point in this dreadful The characters may also catch sight of Kara Lupescu, who

tum of events, but saving von Achern is a hard task indeed.
Even if the characters engage the assemblage in conversation,
Gauthier eventually senses the evil in von Achern (and
possibly the characters). Maintaining composure in close pro:
imity to the Cross requires players to roll Self-Control against
adifficulty of 8. (Players whose characters have Instinct roll
against the same difficulty but must also spend a point of
Willpower to override their inclination to expose their inhu-
man nature. Players whose characters are on the Road of
Heaven roll against difficulty 6.)

Once von Achern loses control, the best that the charac-
ters can hope for is to save him from being destroyed. They can
do this either by disabling Gauthier (a very difficult task with
him backed by the Cross) or getting the baron to flee. If they
haven't been exposed as vampires, they can then take it upon
themselves to hunt and "destroy" the devil. Even if they
succeed in saving von Achem, his reputation with Andras is
utterly ruined.

is observing events from cover. She has been following von
Acher and King Andras, waiting to see if they would come
into conflict with Gauthier. The turn of events is everything
she had hoped that it would be. Her attention is focused on the
goings on around the king, however, so the characters have a
good chance of getting the drop on her if they wish.

SCENE TEN: RESOLUTIONS

This is the final scene, in which the coterie's plans succeed
orfail. Undera full moon, the Cainites of Acre gather to decide
who will be prince of Acre. Depending on the alliances that
they have made and how (and if) they disposed of the relic, the
characters may have a majority of participants and a powerful
armed force on their side. But one of the losers will not accept
the result, setting the stage for a final conflict.

The mood of this scene is one of anticipation and warines:
So close to the goal, one must not let one's guard down toosoon.
It is nearly Christmas, and snow blankets the ground

ASHES OF OUTRE


A Deat Is Struck?

Before the gathering, Duqag brings the characters to meet
with Prince Etienne. If von Achern survived the last scene, he
is there as well. The beleaguered Ravnos knows well that it is
the time of truth, and he discusses matters with characters, as
Lord Jiirgen's representative.

"It is long past time to let go of pretense, my Frankish
friends," he says. "To tule this city one needs two things:
knowledge of this blessed and cursed land, which I have, and
the support of a great lord, which I do not. My sire is nothing
but a schemer in pilgrim's dress, and his mouthpiece, Aram, is
ready to feed me to the dogs. I know of your liege's ambitions,
and my aide, Dugaq, has told me of your own resourcefulness.
His faith may be in the god Set, but I trust his judgment."

If the characters have not uncovered Duqaq's true nature
as a Follower of Set, they may be shocked by Etienne's revela-
tion. Dugaq certainly is.

"Come, my friend," the prince says to his aide. "I told you
it was time to let go of pretense. Surely you didn't hope to fool
a Charlatan?" He smiles and resists any suggestion of taking
action against Duqagq. "I trust him more than any number of.
righteous Christians. But that is not the subject at hand. Tell
me: Will your Lord Jiingen accept my vassalage as prince?"

It is wholly up to the players to answer the question.
Von Achern, if he survived, owes them his life and is able to
be convinced one way or the other. His own instinct is to
accept the deal. Assuming he didn't survive, the coterie
stands as the only people left to speak in Jiirgen's name. If
they accept Etienne's offer (even if they do so duplicitously)
he thanks them warmly and says that he will see them again
the next night, when Aram convenes a gathering of the
city's Cainites. If they refuse, he does much the same,
although he seems disappointed.

DispuTeD ELECTION

The next night, vampires of Acre all gather at the field by
the Roman ruins where the midnight tournament was held. It
isa larger convocation than any that has occurred before in the
Second Kingdom. Word has spread that tonight will see
Etienne deposed, and Cainites and ghouls from all the shadowy
recesses of the Crusader State have come to see who their new
prince will be. All ofthe majorplayers from Ashes of Outremer
are here: Maria d'Agostino, Kara Lupescu, Alexia of Nicosia,
Sir Michael and his entourage and any others you wish to have
in attendance. Many vampires the character have either not
met or met in passing can be here as well. Hanifa and her brood
are also in the crowd.

With the sound of a horn signaling the crowd to silence,
Aram mounts a large boulder and gazes over the crowd. "Hear
me! I speak for mighty Varsik of Jerusalem, childe of Bashir!
Etienne de Fauberge, childe of Varsik and formerly prince of
Acre, for your failures and betrayals, I declare you deposed and
myself prince in your place. Furthermore, youare banished from
this domain. I give you until daybreak to leave the city."

"No." The voice, quiet but clear carries across the field —
it is Etienne's. "My sire cares not for God but rather for the
treasures of Mammon. I renounce him, and I accept the title as
Acre's prince under the vassalage of Lord Jiirgen, Sword-Bearer

UNDER THE BLHCK CROSS

of Magdeburg!" Etienne says this even if the coterie did not
accept his offer. His last stratagem is to present them with a fait
accompli and hope they see it can work.

Like a sea parting, the assembled Children of the Night
divide, choosingsides. Somestand with Aram: Mariad'A gostino,
Count Dieter, Lupescu and anyone whom the coterie failed to
convince. Others side with Etienne: Duqaq, Sir Michael,
Hanifa Bint Nasir and any others you see fit to include. Where
the players' characters stand is up to them, but they must make
a choice.

Let the players take the lead in determining just what
happens next. Assuming that the factions are even close to
equal in strength, Aram is inclined to settle things on the field
of battle. He calls those who support Etienne traitors and orders
them to stand down, advancing menacingly and trying to spark
a generalized melee during which he wants to kill Etienne and
as many of his supporters as he can.

If the characters respond to his moves with violence of
their own, the melee begins. Run this as a series of individual
encounters, as in the Midnight Tournament. In this case, there
is no stopping for "first blood" or surrender — this is a vampiric
war in small, a foretaste of what is to come in Central Europe.
Frenzy is common, and fights are with weapon, claw and fang.

If the characters are more inclined to negotiate, they have
areal chance at eroding away Aram'ssupport. Mariad' Agostino
isno fool, and she cannot risk losing her family's holdings in the
Second Kingdom, forexample, soshe is inclined to change sides
if the odds seem to favor Etienne. Alexia of Nicosia will switch
sides if Lord Jiirgen will lift his interdiction over her, allowing
her to study matters in Acre. Even Kara Lupescu can be
convinced to withdraw. She has already seen von Ache
destroyed or disgraced, and although letting Jiirgen gain Acre
would be unpleasant, being destroyed in a pointless struggle
would be even more so. If the characters manage to break
Aram's faction, he bows, congratulates Etienne for being more
skilled than he thought, then leaves, fleeing back to Jerusalem
as fast as possible.

Any number of other outcomes is possible, such as eroding
away Aram's support in the middle of a running battle. What-
ever the course of events, make sure that the characters are the
deciding factor. In the next chapter, they will have to craft a
resolution between two much more powerful enemies, in the
midst of an even more terrible battle, and they had better get
their practice now. The fate of Acre is in their hands.

PILOGUE!
URTHER Rowps

At the end of Ashes of Outremer, the coterie has likely
played a major role in settling the politics of the Second
Kingdom of Jerusalem. Prince Etienne is relatively secure on his
throne with Jiirgen's support, and Lord Jiirgen has gained great
prestige as its overlord. But what next?

Over the next few nights, word comes that King Andras is
readying to return to Hungary overland through Anatolia and
the Latin Empire. Traveling in his train are Gauthier and his
knights, and, at the fringe, Sir Michael and his entourage.


Dugaq tells the characters that Alexia has already left for
Cyprus, "The sorceress thinks to alert her people. They may try
to steal the relic in Constantinople."

With abit of investigation, the characters can uncover that
Kara Lupescu and some of her knights are also heading back with
King Andras. The Vlaszy still hold the Accursed Tower in Acre,
however, as well as whatever hidden stronghold they established
outside the city. Etienne doubts thathe has the authority to expel
them just yet, and he fears that Jiirgen's war with Rustovitch will
mean the Vlaszy destabilizing his city. He is right, and savvy
characters should recognize that, as well as the fact that there's
precious little they can do about it right now.

The characters can also travel with Andras' army back to
Hungary, both as guards for the artifact and to rejoin Lord
Jiirgen, assuming that they haven't been exposed as vampires.
If they desire to stay in the Holy Land for a while, Etienne
welcomes their presence. Dugaqcan tell them thathe has heard
that the Frisian fleet will arrive in spring so that the army can
move on at last to attack Damietta in Egypt. He also acknowl-
edges that he is in their debt.

Whatever choice the characters make, war lies in their
future, as it does for the whole of Dark Medieval Europe.




INTRODUCTION

For over a decade, the Teutonic Knights' influence in Hun-
gary has grown largely unchecked. While the Teutons instill terror
in the name of the Cross, Jiirgen makes use of his collection of
slavish knights like well-stringed puppets, directing their moves
wherever opportunity presents itself. Evil has become a loosely
bandied word that the determined Ventrue uses to denounce not
devils or pagans, but rivals and detractors.

The year is 1225, and a reversal is at hand. The years since
the crusade in Acre have been a mixed bag for Lord Jiirgen and
his cause. His Teutonic Knights have builta chain of strongholds
and keeps in Transylvania, making themselves a power to be
reckoned with in the region. Indeed much of the so-called
Siebenbiirgen is under their control. But their authority is hardly
stable. Rustovitch sends waves of fiendish monstrosities to assault
Teuton patrols and keeps, and his spies and assassins are every-
where. The attrition rate among the German knights isappalling,
despite the fact that at least 10 enemies pay with their lives (or
unlives) for every one of their own who falls. Jiirgen has spent
most of the last 15 years leading this campaign, and he now makes
his haven in Bran Castle, in the fortified town of Kronstadt
(modem-day Brasov). For all his battling —and more than afew
potent Tzimisce have met their ends on his Toreador-crafted
sword —only the strongholds and their immediate surroundings
are truly secure. The wild lands and small villages are still fair
game, with farmsteads reduced to burning hulks and villages
transformed into slaughterhouses with horrific regularity.

Jiirgen knew full well that this war would be hard-fought, so
the brutality of the conflict does not concern him. Where he has
found himself vulnerable isin the sphere of mortal politicking. Ever
since the destruction of Baron von Achem in the Holy Land, King
Andras has been leery of the German faction. He has also fallen
more and more underthe sway of powerful local barons, who forced
him tosign overagreat deal ofauthority to themin the Golden Bull
of 1222 (Hungary'sMagnaCarta). Some of the these baronsare tied
to the Vlaszy revenant brood, to Kara Lupescu and thus to
Rustovitch. The Arpad Ventrue also have some sway over the
barons, but they do notseem to be in any rush to use that influence
onJiirgen'sbehalf. Tomake matters worse, a goodly numberof Kara
Lupescu's Vlaszy knights remain stationed in the Holy Land and
have disrupted Prince Etienne's rule, making Jiirgen's gain of
domain there less than secure.

All these maneuverings come to a head in 1225, when King
Andras formally expels the Teutonic Knights from Hungary. They
have become too independent, so they threaten the realm. Kara
Lupescu could not agree more.

Jiirgen isnot ready to withdraw just yet. Aided by Lucretiaand
his other vassals, he directs the knights to delay their withdrawal as
muchas possible. He knowsthatonce the mortal orderis gone from
the region, he will have precious little support. Therefore, he must
strike now, and strike decisively. Rustovitch has planned on this
reaction, and he readies to make his final strike as well.

A Call to Arms is the story of this final battle.

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

How To Css TuIs STORY

A Call to Arms places the coterie in the epicenter of war.
Despite what loyalties they may cherish, the characters have to
consider their survival. Unless this war ends quickly, Lord Jiirgen's
attempt to conquer southern Hungary could have devastating
consequences for all of Europe's Cainites.

With this chapter, all of the major players in Under the Black
Cross reveal their true faces. Whether they wish it or not, the
players' characters must do what no other Cainite is willing or
capable ofaccomplishing. They must quell the bitter fires of hatred
and stem a war before it becomes a vampiric genocide.

THEME & Moop

Knowledge and opportunity are the keys to A Call to Arms'
peaceful resolution. Having witnessed the birth of this conflict in
Shadows at Court, the coterie must make use of its knowledge to
end a war. To succeed, the characters must pay mind not only to
forces that lie before them, but those who prowl nearby. Inaddition,
times of war leave little time forreflection. Opportunity comesonly
once, and when it does, the characters must be ready to act.

While the characters witness a war, they are confronted with
their predatory impulses. Violence seems to be the only course of
action, butifthey want peace, the characters must not give in tothe
Beast. The coterie's greatest challenge is to dispel the hatred
between Lord Jiirgen and Voivode Vladimir Rustovitch.

As if to facilitate the raging conflict of A Call to Arms, dark
clouds blanket the moon and stars, masking the nightmarish
landscape. Ghoul slaves, hulking degenerates and Cainite warriors
are trapped in a feverish contest, unmindful of death and destruc-
tion. Without a doubt, the mood is horrific, and not even the
darkness of night can conceal the dread.

THE PLOT

Since the dawning of his lavish court in Magdeburg, Lord
Jiirgen has struggled to trample his opponent, the fierce Tzimisce
tactician Vladimir Rustovitch. Lacking in neither arrogance nor
determination, Lord Jiirgen is convinced that his forces will soon
triumph. Sadly, however, victory could not be further from Jiirgen's
grasp. Although Jiirgen's knights and foot soldiers are more skilled
than Rustovitch's, the Tzimisce has always had the advantage of
numbers. With the imminent withdrawal of the Teutonic Knights
from the region, Jiirgencanonly holdontothehardcoreofhisarmy,
the ghouls and vampires among the knights in Hungary.

Like mirror images, Jiirgen and Rustovitch both decide that
the time has come to end the war. With the Teutonic Knights
withdrawing, Jiingen has tostrike a decisive blow ifhe hopes tokeep
domain in the region. Meanwhile, Rustovitch is under pressure
from the other voivodes to deal with the Ventrue once and for all.
The Fiend has been biding his time, waiting for an opportunity to
strike at Jiirgen, and this is it. With the mortal knights leaving, the
voivode has a chance to eliminate Jiirgen himself on the field of
battle. And so each luresthe other intoa final battle, confident that
they can triumph in combat.


A Call to Armsistold in twoacts. Act one recounts the moves
that draw the two lords onto the field and sweep the coterie along
with them. It also reintroduces Myca Vykos to the unsuspecting
coterie. Vykos returns with a gift of insight. Meanwhile, Rustovitch,
spearheadinghisforcesinto battle, pushes]iirgenandhisdark knights
into unfamiliar lands. Hoping to survive this setback, Jiirgen makes
adreadful mistake and angers forces that have shunned the conflict
until now.

Act two introduces the region's Gangrel to the battlefield.
Unwilling to be Rustovitch's pawn, Morrow directs her alliance of
savage packs and wild creatures. Meanwhile, Myca Vykos tries to
enlist the aid of the weary characters. The coterie must decide on
acourse ofactionswiftly beforeall forcesare locked inadeadly clash.

CHARACTER INTRODUCTIONS

The climax of Under the Black Cross, this story assumes that
the characters are tied to Jiirgen's forces in some way thanks to past
events. Most easily, they can be allies or vassals of his who have
joined his forces in Transylvania. As in Shadows at Court, they
may also be spies for Voivode Rustovitch, crusaders who shadowed
King Andras to Hungary in the aftermath of Ashes of Outremer
or simply observers. If you are integrating this story with the very
much more epic Transylvania Chronicles, then the characters
mayvery well be local lords who have had todeal with the Ventrue-
Tzimisce war in their midst. Unless they are firmly aligned with the
Fiends, they have likely made some accommodation with Jiirgen
over the last decade and thus are at his side for the time being.

Regardless of their attachments, they are largely cut off from.
their superiors during A Call to Arms. Only Jiirgen is accessible as
his burgeoning Transylvanian domain collapses around him in a

grand battle. Players may also easily portray local Cainites who
become embroiled in the battle or envoys from some other court
come to report on this war. As events spiral out of control, they are
forced center-stage.

Mayor PLAYERS

A Call to Arms awakens powerful Cainite forces. No longer
satisfied with surveying affairs from a distance, Voivode Rustovitch
isdetermined to crush Jiirgen with his bare hands, if that's what it
takes. Meanwhile, other agents who previously had a distant
interest take an active hand in the war.

VLADAMIR RusTOVITCH

Determined to eliminate his ambitious foe, Rustovitch bears
ams and directs his forces on the battlefield using a mixture of
vampiric hordes and koldunic abominations. Rustovitch's partici-
pation signals his determination to exterminate Jiirgen. With
experience and knowledge of the land on hisside, theres little that
can stand in the Fiend's way.

Lorb JURGEN

Despite overwhelming odds, the Ventrue lord refuses to
abandon his crusade for dominion. Although he understands
that the odds favor Vladimir Rustovitch, Jiirgen is counting on
his forces' superior skills to tip the scales in his favor. Unfortu-
nately, Jiirgen's arrogance prevents him from realizing that the

DEATH's REGIME
The precise number of Tzi
h mon

to the atmosphere of thi
outnumbered, skilled knights holding bac!
numerous foes. So the answer to "How many troo
Rustovitch have?" is quite simply, "How many you want?"
That isn't the case for Jiirgen. Most of the time, you
probably won't need specific numbers, but there are time:
when playersask such thingsand it's useful to have numbers
to throw around. The following numbers are rough esti-
mates that reflect the attrition of the continuing battle (and
the fragility of shouls a6 opposed to vanapires
© The Teutonic Height in Transylvania (circa
1224): 80 to 100 Cainites, most trained as knights
soldiers; 300 ghouls, half trained as soldiers or knights
© The Withdrawal to Kronstadt (scene two): 50
Cainite knights, 150 ghouls (including about 50 knights)
© The Sortie (scene three): 30 Cainite knights, 30
ghoul knights (the balance defend Kronstadt and its envi-
rons)
© Arrivalat Tuzféld (scene four):28 Cainite knights,
20 ghoul knights
© Tuzfold Battle, First Night (scene five): Numbers
begin asabove. ieendof the night, there are 20 Cainite
ights and 8 remaining.
© Tuzfold Battle, Second Night (scenes six and
ven): Number begin as above and remain there until the
Gangrel arrive. By the end of the night (and the end of the
ttle), there are 12 Cainite knights left and no ghouls.

greatest threat that he faces is not Rustovitch's raw power, but
his tactical genius.

Myca Vyxos

Myca knows when to bide his time. The scheming Tzimisce
has been patient for years, waiting for the right opportunity to
claim his prize, and he believes that the time is now. Myca does
not plan on using violence, though, for brute force will achieve
little in the midst ofsuch slaughter. Rather, towin the night, Myca
uses his knowledge of the region's key players, learned after years
of shadow plays.

Morrow AND THE GHNGREL PACKS

Morrow is the most volatile factor in this war, and she
commands great respect from the region's Gangrel. During
Shadows at Court, Morrow warned the coterie that she would
become involved if the conflict reached her territory. Morrow
resurfaces while Rustovitch attempts to manipulate her once
again. The Tzimisce tyrant anticipates that Morrow is his ally.
Sadly, he is mistaken.

ALCALL TO ARMS


Although the conflict between Lord Jiirgen and Voivode
Vladimir Rustovitch isa clash of titans, other less influential agents
have a key role. It matters little whether they influence a lord's
motivations from afar or whether they are passing shadows. The
minor players of A Call to Arms have the ability to make subtle
changes that have a lasting impact.

LucreTIA VON HARTZ

Jairgen's loyal vassal and the mistress of the Order of the Black
Cross within the Teutonic Order, Lucretiaremainsat her lord'sside
in the final battles of the war. She has scored many victories over
the last 15 years, but the constant warfare is eroding ather self. The
Beast grows stronger with every peasant village that she and her
knights wipe off the Transylvanian map.

Kara ViAszy LupEscu

Kara's star has continued to rise since her coup in the Holy
Land. She now stands as the most prestigious of the Vlaszy Fiends
andthe leading vampiricmanipulatormovingaroundKing Andras'
court. Much of her success has to do with the fact that the Arpad
Venttue, who have deep roots in the Hungarian nobility, want
Jiirgen out of Transylvania as much as she does. Kara is more than
willing to deal with the devil she knows to get the Teutons out of
her homeland.

JERVAIS

The Tremere sorcerer Jervais has not given up his plan to
ingratiate himself with Lord Jiirgen. Over the last few years, Jiirgen
has made some deals with the Usurpers to secure his flanks while
fighting Rustovitch. Ceoris is just too close to the German lands in
Transylvania not to make some arrangement.

Aku

Lord Jiingen's Nosferatu aide, Akuji makes a few appearances
in this chapter. Since she began observing his movements, Akuji
has distrusted Myca Vykos' intentions. Remaining at the coterie's
side, Akuji waits for Vykos to act.

Noriz THE CORRUPTER

A sharp thom in the side of the woivode of voivodes, the
avaricious Noriz has observed the conflict raging in Vladimir's
backyard. Sensing an opportunity, Noriz hopes that a prolonged
war with Jiirgen will destabilize Rustovitch, allowing him to sweep
the weakened lord's power.

Act ONE:
THE LooMING STORM

An unusually chill and damp spring marks the setting for the
vampiric conflict of A Call to Arms. As if to soak the blood pools
from the ravaged hills, thick, cotton-like clouds hover low to the
ground. Despite the grim elements, Lord Jiirgen's forces have
presented a valiant front against Rustovitch's endless swarms, but
the constant barrage is taking its toll on the wearied knights. Yet
somehow, Jiirgen's vassals fight valiantly. Now, with the German's

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

support network withdrawing, Rustovitch is ready for his killing
stroke. Mounting his feral horse and spearheading his greatest
monsters, the tireless Tzimisce warrior takes to the war field for a
final, bloody showdown.

Asthe warriors prepare, Myca Vykosmakesa move toward the
fulfillment of his ambitions. Sensing an opportunity, Vykos creeps
towards his prey, Lord Jiirgen. Only the coterie stands in his way.

ScENE ONE: BLACK SHEEP
FAAMONGST WOLVES

Asthe Teutonic Knights withdraw from fortress after fortress,
Lord Jiirgen is concentrating his loyal forces in Kronstadt and other
nearby strongholds. Already the best defended settlement in the
region, the city is becoming even more impregnable. Jiirgen's
position may be dire, but he can hold out here fora goodly amount
of time — certainly long enough to set his end-game into motion.

The characters either observe or take part in the concentra-
tion of forces in Kronstadt. If they are allied with Jiirgen orspies who
have infiltrated his camp, they can hardly avoid taking part in the
defense and fortification of the town. They easily pick up that
morale is low. Even though Lucretia and other leading Ventrue
seem confident in their lord's ultimate success, the vampire and
ghoul knights and foot soldiers who make up the bulk of the
German force do not share their optimism. Without the mortal
support network of the full Teutonic presence, they say, they can
hold out only so long.

STRANGE VISITOR

At some point when the characters are away from other
vampires — either when patrolling the forest or mountains around
Kronstadt or alone in their havens — they spot a bizarre creature
indeed. A Perception + Alermess roll reveals a large bird or bat
swooping low over the area, perhaps hunting for noctumal prey.
More than one success shows it to be quite unnatural indeed. It has
a hawk's body with large membranous bat-wings and an indetermi-
nate head. Even ifthe charactersdon'tnotice the thing, itdoesnotice
them, and itperchesnear them soon enough. This close, they cansee
that its head is actually ahuman hand, rudely grafted onto the body's
feathered neck. Gruesome stitching holds the misplaced limb in
place,and thesamerudebindingtiesthe bat-wingstothe torso. Those
who have spent much time in the region should recognize thisas the
product of Tremere thaumaturgic experimentation, although some
may think that it's a Tzimisce beast.

The hand'sfingers tighten intoa sort of beak and it "sniffs" the
characters. The thing then flutters over to the nearest available
sharp stick (like a tree's branch or a writing plume), grips it like a
writingimplement, piercesitsown breast with the tipand writesthe
following message in its blood on any convenient surface:

My sometimes friends,

T have a message of some interest for your Lord Jiirgen. Meet me
under the new moon in the village of Milash, and I shall convey it to you

With regards,

—Jervais bani Tremere

Having delivered its message, the ghastly beast then dies.

Those familiar with the region know that Milash is a small
village southeast of the city of Hermanstadt, on the western shore


of the Olt. Hermanstadt has seen its garrison of Teutonic Knights
withdraw over the last month— the mortals heading to Balgrad to
then sail down the Muresul; the vampires and ghouls falling back
to Kronstadt. The region has come under heavy Tzimisce attack,
but Jiirgen has raiding parties going through the area and has
maintained some outposts of knights, including in Milash. The
new moon is three nights hence.

If the characters report this message to Jiirgen, Lucretia or
Akuji, they are sent to Milash post-haste. Jiirgen confides in them
that he has been dealing with Jervais and the Tremere of Ceoris on
a limited basis for the past few years, in part because of Alexia's
support of his candidate in Acre (if that actually occurred). He
hopes that Jervais has information for him that will help him turn
the tide of the war.

If the characters are not associated with Jiirgen, Jervais still
sends his messenger to them. In this case, his dealings with the
Ventrue are even more precarious, and he needs a third party
resourceful enough to smuggle something to Jiirgen for him. The
coterie fits the bill.

To Mitasu

The tiny river village of Milash has a long and terrible history in
the region. It is said to be built around the place where a Roman
centurion was sacrificed to the pagan gods of the region in centuries
past, and it has been inhabited by Bratovitch revenants for centuries.
When the Teutonic Knights arrived in the region, the revenants and
their Fiendish allies put up strong resistance, but not strong enough.
After weeks of battle, the knights took the town and slaughtered any
who resisted. They turned many of the farmers and fishermen into
slaves to fortify the village, which provided a secure point at which to
cross the Olt. The Teutons also brought in Saxon peasants to resettle
the village.

Now, Milash isat risk again. With the Germans withdrawing
to the region around Kronstadt, east of the river, Milash stands as
actitical outpost on the western shore of the Olt. It also makes a
tempting target for vengeful Tzimisce and Bratovitch revenants.

When the characters travel from Kronstadt, they cannothelp
but notice signs of the advancing Tzimisce tide. Small groups of
knightspassby on raids orfalling back from assault, Tzimisce ghoul-
beasts creep through the woods picking off lone Germans, and the
very landseemstocry forvengeance. When the characterscross the
Olt River toward Milash itself, either through their own means or
onabarge set off froma port somewhat upriver, they see trails of fire
inthe mountains that loom above the town. "The Fiends mean to
bum us out," says the watchman who greets them at the jetty.
"Caine alone knows how long we can hold out."

That same fatalism is evident everywhere in the settlement.
Tall logwalls surround the dozen or so houses and huts, most closed
tight with their mortal inhabitants praying for dawn inside. The
clutch of Cainite knights and their attendant ghouls charged with
defending this burg spend their time in the watchtowers, waiting
for the inevitable attack to come.

Thecharactersfind Jervaisinthesmallinnnearthe jetty. Alexia
of Nicosia may be there as well, at your discretion. The Usurper sits
perfectlystilland corpse-like, buthiseyessnap open when the coterie
walks in. "Ah, as reliable as ever. Good eve, my friends."

Jervais dismisses any past animosity between himselfand the
characters. "We all make poor choices at time," he says. "Your
liege has asked me to bring him something, but the prospect of
making for Kronstadt and then returning to Ceoris under these
conditions did not seem quite favorable. Hence, this meeting
halfway." Jervais reaches under his cloak and pulls out a small
velvet pouch, tied with metal wire and dyed with various arcane
symbols. "This is what he requested." The characters can just take
the pouch and leave, but Jervais is open to answering questions if
they ask what it is. He is happy to do some boasting before
vampires who were responsible for his failure 15 years ago.

"You may have heard that the Fiends have a close attachment
to the soil of these lands, and that is indeed true. What few know
is thatall Fiends share aclose bond with the soil in which they were
buried upon their deaths. The grave dirt is bonded to them forever.
Destroy some of it in the right way, and youcause harm to the Fiend
like he hasnever felt." He pointsat the pouch. ‘That is dirt from the
grave of Vladimir Rustovitch."

Jervais does not say how he obtained this sample, only that it
is ready for Jiingen to use.

FIENDISH FLAMES

When the characters get ready to leave Jervais, or while they
are all in conversation, a great crashing comes from outside, and a
tush of heat bursts into the room. Yellow and orange flames
suddenly rage outside the inn. "Greek fire!" someone screams in
German, "The Fiends have catapults!" Smoke is filling the room,
and the Beast rages inside everyone. Rétschreck rolls are appropri-
ate for all Cainites.

Milash is doomed. The Tzimisce and their legion of Bratovitch
revenants have decided to wipe it from the face of the earth. Great
vozhd war ghouls have been shaped into animated catapults capable
of launching Greek fire. Hellhounds and other war ghouls scream
down from the hills to overwhelm the walls. The Germans and
Romanians on the outlying farms are already all dead, and townsfolk
will soon follow. The characters must escape from this flaming hell.

To navigate their characters safely through the raging fire,
players must roll their Wits + Survival (difficulty 8) each tum.
Failure brings them into contact with the fire. Doing so causes two
levels of aggravated damage, which can be soaked only if the
character has Fortitude (difficulty 7). In addition, characters face
the primal fear of Rétschreck even if they avoid the burning pitch.
The difficulty is 7 some distance from the fire, 8 when in burning
streetsand 9 if trapped ina buming building. To escape Milash, the
characters must get out of any building they are in and run through.
the streets for three turns toward the jetty. They can then either
steal a rowboat and try to get across the river or head downstream
and find another way across. Jervais uses his thaumaturgic skills to
help him escape, and he is willing to help the characters if they ask.

Those who escape Milash can observe the burning town from
atop a surrounding hill. The scene is an image of Hades, for the
flames moye in unison and with deliberate destruction. The
blowingwindonlyfeedsthe fire, whichseemsto lick the streets with
delight. From a distance, they heara how! that evokes the image of
aplayful demon come tocollect souls. Ofthe hundred people living
in the village, only a handful of them escape with their lives.

A_CALL TO ARMS


SCENE Two:
Tue Lorp's CALL

Once the characters make their escape, they are likely to head
forKronstadtand Lord Jiirgen. The weather isdismal, and the roads
are soaked with rivers of mud and difficult to navigate. The smell
of horse and cattle feces taints clothes. The muck and filth is
everywhere, caking garments like glue. Even right around the
Teutonic stronghold, a sense of desperation is in the air. Word of
Milash's fate has preceded the characters, and knights from other
outlying areas have also fallen back here. Far too many vampires
and ghouls are concentrated in this small city, and the mortal
population issuffering. Many of the knightsare Ventrue, each with
his own special blood requirement, making matters worse.

Lord Jiirgen is a pillar of strength in the midst of this chaos. His
confidence tums hopelessness into grim resolve, and he greets the
coterie with open relief. "You have it?" he asks, and assuming the
characters give him Jervais' pouch, he thanks them and informs them
that he is calling together his knights this very evening. (If the
characters wish tokeep the pouch forsome reason, they can. Jiirgenstill
callsthemeetingandhopesthatRustovitch willcomeouttojoinhim.)

JURGEN SPEAKS

The gathering is a makeshift thing, organized but utilitarian.
There is none of the pomp and ceremony that characterized the
gathering in Magdeburg or even Etienne's court in Acre. About 50
Cainite knights and three times as many ghouls gather in a field
inside Bran Castle'souter wall toheartheirlordspeak. Jiirgen stands

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

ona high platform with burning torches at each comer and raises
his sword — still beautiful despite all the blood it has felt.

"For years we have cut at the heart of the Fiends, my brothers!
We have fought their thralls and monstrosities, cut down countless
of their young and old alike. We have ridden through gardens of
molded flesh and tom out the heart of broods more horrific than
anything in Hades. And still our true foe has not shown himself.

"Deep in those dark hills," he says, pointing up to the
Transylvanian Alps north of the city, "sits a dark chieftain who
thinks tosend hisbroodagainst us without bloodyinghimself. Well,
no more!

"Tcall him out! Let the terrible Vladimir Rustovitch enter the
field of battle, and we shall see who the greater warrior is." Jiirgen
holds up the pouch that the coterie gave him. "I hold here two
handfuls of earth thathe holdsdearer than blood. Through this, the
Fiend feels my call. He feels it most terribly!"

With that, Jiirgen tosses the pouch into the flame of one of the
torches. A gout of greenish flame curls up from the torch, and a
streak of lighting arcs across the northern sky. "Yes, Fiend! Feel the
fire bum and come! We are the Order of the Black Cross, and we
wait for you!"

He raises his sword high, and the assembled knights chant his
name for all to hear. The characters may be swept up in the
enthusiasm or they may see the folly of pride at work.

Tue Viper's BOON
Thanks to his influence and the help of the region's best spies,
Myca Vykos has been one of the few Cainites able to travel freely


during this conflict. Often an unwilling witness to the brutalities of
war, Myca has had a chance to study each faction's weaknesses.
Spies in Rustovitch's camp have informed Myca that the Tzimisce
lord is planning on joining the battle. After years of waiting, Vykos
is ready to pounce. As far as he is concerned, Rustovitch's direct
hand in this conflict signals that the end is near. Jiirgen is easy prey,
and Vykos will not hesitate to devour him.

After months of study, Myca Vykos believes that Jiirgen is
bound to fall before Rustovitch's superior might and cunning.
Unfortunately, he recognizes thatit may take monthsbefore Jiirgen
succumbs. Even if it is futile to resist, the Ventrue has the undying
support of his troops, and he is not likely to relinquish his hold.

Myca Vykos lacks the raw power to realize his plans. His
assets are trickery, charm and the reputation that his hidden
lord, the Dracon, confers to him. He must convince Jiirgen and
Rustovitch that he is the only person who can end this war.
Thankfully, Vykos knows that vultures watch Rustovitch's
home and that these scavengers will destroy Vladimir ifhe does
not produce a victory. Rustovitch's problems back home make
him predisposed to concessions. If only to keep Jiirgen at bay,
Rustovitch may grant Vykos a small power niche. Vykos must
also find a way to convince Lord Jiirgen. Currently, Mycaneeds
allies within Jiirgen's camp. As outsiders susceptible to consider
his plan, the coterie represents Vykos' best opportunity to gain
Jirgen's attention.

Myca Vykos arrives in Kronstadt two nights after Jiirgen's
rousingspeech, while the knights prepare their defenses and Jiirgen
planshisstrategy. He bringsnewsof the north, which heannounces
to Lord Jiirgen, the coterie and other Teutonic Cainites with
intentional drama. Vladimir Rustovitch has heard Jiirgen's call,
Vykos declares, and is riding to the assault. Vykos explains that he
knows this through his network of spies among the revenant
families, and he further reports that the signs of mobilization are
everywhere in the Fiends' Carpathian homeland.

Jairgen thanks Vykos for his report and dismisses him with a
curt nod, but once the Tzimisce monk is out of earshot, the
Ventrue lord is clearly pleased. Rustovitch's main advantage in
the war has been numbers, he explains, but Jiirgen's forces are
superior man-for-man. By luring the voivode onto the field, Jiirgen
isconvinced that he can bring him low. Jigen and Lucretia then
begin making plans, selecting the best Cainite and ghoul knights
to accompany them on the field against Rustovitch.

Ifand when the characters leave Jiirgen's presence, they find
Vykos waiting for them. Away from prying ears, he warns the
coterie that the war is about to take a tum for the worst. He claims
that the current bloodshed pales in comparison to the terror
descending from the hills. Rustovitch is not a fool, the Tzimisce
wams, and Jiingen's plan— whatever it is — cannot hope to create
victory out of defeat. The war is far from over, he warns, unless
something isdone. After dispensing this opinion, Vykos leaves the
scene, advising that bystanders cannot always observe passively if
they cling to survival.

The characters are probably reticent to accept what they
believe is Myca's poisoned gift, particularly since Vykos wishes
nothing in return. They may even take his warningasa threat and
want to investigate his claims. The best hope of uncovering the

truth lies with Jiirgen's Nosferatu agent, Akuji. If the characters do
not approach the Nosferatu, she comes near the coterie after
noticing Myca's dubious departure from Jiirgen's fortress. Knowing
that he isa manipulator, and remembering his previous attempts to
befriend the coterie in Jiirgen's court, Akuji wants to know Myca's
plans. The Nosferatuapproachesthe coterie with questions. "What
does that viper want?" she demands more than inquires.

The Nosferatuis intent on investigating Vykos' claimsherself,
but she hopes that the coterie has some additional information to
share. If the characters choose to tell her of the Fiend's additional
warnings about Jiirgen's chance in the coming conflict, it only
intensifies her desire to travel north to uncover the truth. She isn't
inclined to have any company, but she can be convinced —
especially if she knows a particular character to be skilled in
woodcraft or other useful talents.

SCENE THREE?
ENTER THE WARRIOR

The next week features a series of small skirmishes around
Kronstadt. The knights face offagainst small partiesof Bratovitchand
‘Viaszy revenant warriors, as wellas maraudingszlachtawar ghoulsand
other opponents. There seems to be little sign of the mass mobiliza-
tion that Vykos mentioned. Jiirgen's troops even enjoy a temporary
reprieve when the Tzimisce forces mysteriously withdraw. The
Cainites welcome this break, taking the time to strengthen their
position despite the withdrawing mortal Germans, but they quickly
grow worried. They wonder why Rustovitch has not ordered his
troops to keep up the pressure, which has been relentless for months.
Anotherweek passes, and there still are nosigns ofthe tyrant'sarmies.
Soon, Jiirgen's troops grow restless and weary. Tensions are high and
tempers flare.

For Akujiandany characters who accompany hernorth into
the mountains, the story is very different. Once past the last lines
of the Teutonic Knights, the woods and hills become more
ominous still. Ghouls and revenants are more and more frequent,
asare packsof marauding hellhounds that huntthe characters like
hares. Akujiisable to gather only limited intelligence on her own.
The revenants speak openly to one another that Rustovitch rides
south to face the Germans in combat. She also spots many
encampments of Tzimisce forces that are obviously making ready
fora large-scale assault.

Ifsomeone with better local contacts accompanies Akuji, they
may piece togethersome more key facts. The Tzimisce are organizing
into several different forces. One of these is characterized by great
mobility, including fleshcrafted steeds and sleek hellhounds above
heavier forces. Whether the characters are able to uncover this
information is at your discretion, but a few Intelligence + Investiga-
tion rolls (difficulty 8) might be in order.

Either way, Akuji returns to Kronstadt with news two weeks
aftershe left: Voivode Vladimir Rustovitch is, indeed, on the march
ina last effort to obliterate Lord Jiirgen's troops.

Tue Sports oF WAR

Thesight of Vladimir Rustovitch atop his mountainous horse
is enough to instill fear in kine and Cainites alike. Backed by his
creatures, Rustovitch commands awe and terror. In his haste to

A_CALL TO ARMS


teach Lord Jiirgen, the Fiend travels unworn paths that take him
through small farming communities. The last thing the peasants
living there witness is Lord Rustovitch and his ravenous armies as
the creatures consume them whole.

Lord Rustovitch's trek through the region's farmland is a
deliberate and ruthless mission. To fuel his troop's bloodlust and
charge them with fresh vitae, Rustovitch descends upon the
farmingcommunities. He ordershis monstrous fiends to ravage the
human and animal hosts in the communities. Rustovitch's hellish
armies rob the land of its life, and, should Jiirgen's troops travel
through these paths, they see that nothing remains but broken,
bloadless corpses. As they gorge, Rustovitch's warriors slowly
transform what was once a vibrant countryside into a still land-
scape, virtually devoid of human life. Such is the case wherever
Rustovitch treads to fulfill his vengeful mission.

Rustovitch knows that he is pressed for time. Already troubled
by his inability to dispose of the treacherous Tremere, many Fiends
senseagrowingweakness. Lord Jiirgen'sassaulthas worsened worries.
Transylvanian whisperingshave made their way toRustovitch'sears,
via his network of spies. Vladimir knows that the rapacious Voivode
Noriz hopes that a prolonged conflict will detain him indefinitely.
Noriz prepares and awaits word from the war. If Rustovitch fails to
retum soon, Noriz will mount a campaign among his Tzimisce allies
to usurp Rustovitch's title. Obviously, this threat worries Vladimir.
The Fiend lord is desperate to retumn home as quickly as possible.
Myca Vykosknows this, andhe planson usingit tohisfulladvantage.
Ifhe needs to, Vykos reveals this information to sway the coterie to
his solution. Myca believes that this knowledge may convince the
characters to recognize the validity of his plans, thus helping him
facilitate a beneficial truce.

Tue Fienpish HUNGER

The characters and Jiirgen's forces have but the passing of one
nightto prepareforRustovitch'sarrival. Ifhe hasn'tdonesoalready,
Jiirgen personally requests thatany combat-worthy members of the
coterie join him onhisraidagainst Rustovitch. Ifthe characterspass
on Vykos' warning, Jiirgen acknowledges the risk but asks in return
what choice he has. "I can either strike now and take victory, or
remain in these walls awaiting defeat."

The next night, the voivode enters the scene harsh as a winter
wind. Hungeringforblood, Rustovitch'shellhoundsbutcher]Jiingen's
scouts. In the face of thishorror, Jiirgen's troops could understandably
surrender. Yet the Ventrue lord commands respect and awe of his
own. This is the moment that he's been waiting for, and Jiirgen
mounts his war horse and heads a small, elite force in a sortie to cut
throughthewavesofhellhoundsand warghoulsandgettoRustovitch.
Jiingen and his most skilled warriors dispatch the war dogs with
surprising efficiency, cutting through them as they would bother-
some weeds. Thissight invigorateshis warriors whostand in trenches
of theirown making. Some leave their burrowsand bravely confront
the hellhounds when they make their initial approach. Other
knights join their leader to confront whatever threatens his unlife.
Jiirgen's party of knights cuts deeper and deeper into the Tzimisce
horde, toward the Fiend at its core.

Whether the characters accompany Jiirgen on his charge,
remaininKronstadtorchart theirown course, theyshouldnot escape
the horrors of Rustovitch's fleshcrafted armies. While Jiirgen and his

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

knights slaughter the largest number of the hound scouts, some
manage to pierce Jiirgen's force. Typically, these monsters meet their
ends before soldiers, but many make it into Kronstadt. The coterie
could well encounter one or several voracious beasts that won't
hesitate to charge. Although a dangerous confrontation can ensue,
the characters should not face their destruction at this early stage of
the battle.

Prive's Foity
Despite a brilliant effort, Jirgen's troops are unable to get to
Rustovitch himself. Although the knights rout the ghoul hounds,
larger, more powerful beasts bog them down. This time, Jiirgen's
knights are unable to do more than hold these attackers at bay.
Gradually, the night draws to an end. Jiirgen must decide his next
move orface the peril ofan even more merciless foe: daylight. Jiirgen.
decides that his forces must break for Kronstadt and await the next
night, when their foe will surely be lured within striking range.
Unfortunately, the night is not quiet at Kronstadt. At first it
seems that only the initial wave ofhellhounds would trouble the city.
After Jiirgen and his best knights rout them and go on pursuit, the
night becomes quiet for several hours. Then, only afew hours before
dawn, a massive second assault falls upon the city. Wave upon wave
ofhellhoundsexplodeoutofthehills,accompanied by Vlaszy knights
on fleshcrafted horses. Commanding the force is Kara Lupescu
herself, and she forces the ghouls and Cainites guarding the city to fall
back to Bran Castle. A good number of Germans are caught outside
the castle gates and harried north. In fact, the Vlaszy assault isn't
aimedat taking the city, butat cutting off Jiirgen's retreat. Scoutsand
fleeing troops bring Jiirgen's sortie word of the pincer maneuver.
Just where the characters spend this wild night depends on
them. Theycan very well accompany Jiirgenon his raidand receive
the disheartening news that their retreat is blocked. If they choose
to remain in Kronstadt, they should be part of those harried north
— perhaps after a skirmish with Lady Kara. It would be most
dramatic if they were to tell Jiirgen of the trap he has fallen into.
Jiingen has carelessly played into Rustovitch's hands. The two
Taimisce war parties are slowly closing in, and there appears to be no
escape. When the Hellhounds attacked, Jiirgen let his pride take
command. He fought valiantly, but he foolishly overextended
himselfsothathe hasbeen cut-off from hisstronghold. Stillhe isquick
to realize his mistake, and Jiirgen orders his troops into defensive
positions. He then taskshisadvisorswith findingan escape route. The
only one, they inform him, takes them into Tuzféld, a desolate
woodland area where few Cainites or kine are. Yet with the coming
ofday, Rustovitch isnotlikely follow, since they couldall perish under
the sun. Jiirgen's advisors also inform him that there isan abandoned
village and a keep in Tuzféld, which they can use for shelter. Jiirgen.
orders the knights and warriors to make for the woods.

TuzFoLb Woops AND CLEARING

There seems toevery reason to panic. Jiingen and hisknights are
cut off from reinforcements with a Tzimisce horde moving in. Fog
hugs the cold night earth, and the inhuman howls of Fiendish things
echo through thenight. Many of the Cainite warriors, with longyears
of experience battling the Tzimisce in these parts, whisper that the
sounds are dark incantations, products of Tzimisce blood magic.
Scoutsreport that the troopsare truly cut off from Kronstadt with only


Turfild to shelter them. Despite all this, the knights maintain
impressive discipline. Jiirgen'scharismaand the long years of training
thatall of these soldiers have endured makes them act together and
without hesitation. They make for the woods in well-maintained
formations, cutting down what Tzimisce skirmishers get in their way.
Eyen if they are doomed, they seem to say, the Fiends' victory will
come at a heavy price.

Nestled among hills, Tuzféld's woods form a protective ring
aroundaclearing thatholdsold farmlandsandan abandoned village.
The woods and central clearing eared their ominous name, mean-
ing "land of fire" or "fire earth," after a plague afflicted most of the
human and cattle population. The Magyar overlords ordered that
everyone be put todeath. The farmlands, the surrounding woodsand
the village, its now inconsequential name long forgotten, were set
ablaze by troopsof soldiers. Since this century-old tragedy, the scarred
landscape remains an eerie testament to humanity's brutality. The
woods retain a taint of death from the day that the fire ravaged the
area. Twisted tree trunks and branches still claw at the sky, frozen in
amoment of terror and tangled in new growth. Although there has
been a rebirth, the new plants seem pale and oddly twisted in
comparison to the rest of the countryside. Additionally, a thick layer
oftedash covers the forest floor. Itclings toclothesand stainsanyone
oranything that touches it.

Since the locals believe that it is cursed, Tuzféld is largely
abandoned. Still, packs of lepers and other outcasts make it their
home. In addition, a solitary Gangrel lives in Tuzféld's crumbling

fort, and the village's few occupants know to keep their distance.
Unbeknownst to the coterie or to Jiirgen, the Tuzféld woods and
clearingare also the roaming grounds of the territorial and maraud-
ing Morrow. By cutting offall escape routes but one, Rustovitch has
forced Jiirgen to retreat into her territory. Voivode Rustovitch
doubts that she will tolerate such an intrusion, and he believes that
she will simply attack the Ventrue. This should leave Jiirgen easy
picking for Rustovitch's monstrosities and make it clear to the
frustratingly independent Gangrel that the voivode is the true lord
and protector of these lands.

SCENE Four:
FapeD WARNINGS

Worn from battle, the coterie, Lord Jiirgen and his troops
survey the bleak landscape with a mixture of awe and constemna-
tion. The characters, forced by circumstances to Jiirgen'sside, worry
as they pass the woods surrounding the large clearing. They rejoice
to set their sights upon the tattered village — particularly the fort
and nearby cemetery, the sight of the mass burials following the
devastating fires that destroyed the village. When Jiirgen ap-
proaches the abandoned keep, a Gangrel named Codrin rises like
dust from the wreckage. The savage Cainite claims this place as his
domain and demands that Jiirgen and his troops leave the area. But
with the pre-dawn light already evident on the eastern horizon,
Jiirgen is not interested in debates or pleasantries, and he declares
that it is now his land until he relinquishes it. The Gangrel ignores

A_CALL TO ARMS


Jiirgen's threats and after a spurt of debate, Jiirgen becomes furious
and impatient. With a swift wave of his hand, Jiirgen orders his
troops to dispatch the quarrelsome Animal.

Codrin putsupagood fight, butthe German knights overpower
him quickly. If the players do nothing to interfere, the Teutons cut
him down after he manages to gut one of the ghouls with his talons.
Lucretia lops off his head with her sword while four of her fellow
knights hold the Gangrel down. Just before the killing blow, Codrin
curses Jiirgen as an invader and usurper.

Ifthecoterie intervenes, itis possible for Codrin toescape. Doing
anything more than delaying the knights enough for the Gangrel to
runoff (afteragain issuing his curse) isdifficult in the extreme. Jiirgen
is inno mood for talk of compromise with this petty cur, not when
he has his beleaguered troops to secure, and Codrin refuses outright
toopen his home to Ventrue. Jiirgen is willing to allow the Gangrel
toscurry off, assuming that he will fall to the Tzimisce sooner or later.
His confidence in the players' characters is somewhat tamished by
their interference, unless they can convince him that releasing
Codrin is actually tactically sound. If they come to blows with his
knights, he takes a much darker view. Either way, Jiirgen's soldiers
find shelter in the keep.

The lord dismisses Codrin's curses outright, but the playersmay
not be so fast to do so. If they have a chance to inspect the Gangrel's
corpse (aneonate, his body does not instantly rot to ash, although it
will quickly decompose in the daylight) or interact with him, make
the players roll Intelligence + Alertness against a difficulty of 7 to
recognize markings on the Gangrel. They match symbols that
decorated Morrow and her companions when they traveled to
Magdeburg. If the players fail their rolls, Akuji can recognize the
symbols at your discretion.

Morrow's words seemingly echo from the surrounding woods.
"Remember well that I am friend to none save my kin." Since he
has previously used Morrow in hisschemes, the coterie may realize
that it was Rustovitch's intention to send Jiirgen to Tuzfold. The
coterie may inform Jiirgen, but there is little that anyone can do
now. The sun is rising, and all Cainites must find shelter before

daybreak.

FAict Two: Fonat
RETRIBUTIONS

This act brings to an end the conflict that began in Shadows
at Court, as it unravels in two nights. The first night involves a
bloody battle between Jiirgen's and Rustovitch's forces. While this
battle is raging, Myca Vykos reappears and warns that Morrow and
herGangrelhordesare approaching Tuzféldatafuriouspace. Myca
then attempts to enlist the coterie to his side.

The second night involves Morrow and the Gangrel packs.
They arrive on the scene like a tempest. They tear through
everyone and everything standing in their way. What was a
brutal battle becomes outright carnage. The characters stand in
the middle of the chaos, perhaps the only Cainites able to halt
the devastation.

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

SCENE FIVE:

THE CORNERED BEAST

When nightfinally crawlsoverday, Rustovitch'sforcesmount
their offensive. Jiirgen's ghouls have spent the day preparing
defensive positions, and the rising Cainites join them to secure the
stronghold and face the enemy. Fueled with a burning hatred,
Rustovitch's inhuman beasts trample through Tuzféld's woods,
sometimes to their disadvantage. Some szlachta and remaining
hellhounds carelessly impale themselves in their haste to reach
their prey. Using the jagged woods to their advantage, Jiirgen's
forces counter Rustovitch's onslaught with an impressive defense.
The ghouls spent much of the day felling trees to create fortifica-
tions, and Jiirgen readies his forces to make sorties to repel the
Tzimisce as they traverse the dangerous woods. Jiirgen's plan is for
furious strikes against the advancing enemy, followed by quick
withdrawals behind fortifications.

Desperation has spread like an infection through the Ventrue
camp. Even Jiirgen begins to wonder if this will be his final st
Still, drawing on unknown sources, Jiirgen maintains his
and determination. He refuses toevenconsidersurrender,
though he makesno direct request of the characters, they can sense
that Jiirgen would greatly appreciate their support, particularly if
some characters have useful abilities. If they choose to help fend off
Rustovitch's hordes, the characters must contend not just with
fleshcrafted horrors, but the petrified trees that shake menacingly
in the wind.

CEAS! BATTLE

Jiirgen'sstrategy iseffective in theshort term, butatagreat cost.
Eachsortie pushes the Tzimisce back, butcostshimsome troopsand
gainshim little time. The Fiendsswarm into the clearing toward the

THE TORRENT OF BLOWS
e engaged in the sorties of the defenses of the
keep, the relentless dangers of field are far
more treacherous than a Cainite duel. Enemies typic:

surround the characters and blows descend unpredictably
ion. Death is sudden and frequent. For this
reason, the standard combat rules must reflect the dangers of
open warfare. The Dark Ages Companion includes a
complete listing of these rules from pp. 41 to 49. To summa-
tize,charactersengaged inm athaveasmany actions
ss Dexterity dots. Any

attackis

indicates
not necessarily

haracter, all
mortal, ghoul orTzimisce creature attacksare resolved simply
byrollingfivedice withadifficul Thispool includesthe

totality of attacks directed specifically at a ¢ ter and
random blows, sword slices or arrow launches that inadvert-
ently hit the character. Damage is resolved by doubling the
number of successes in an attack and turing the result into
a dice pool. Because of the dramatic nature of Cainite
conflicts, this method of rapid combat resolution is not
recommended for characters facing Cainite adve


fortifications twice during the first night. The first time, they
become bogged down in trenches and pits prepared during the day
and must withdraw. The second time, a mere hour before sunrise,
they avoid the pits and breach an important line of fortifications.
Thankfully, Jiirgen isable tocall back the knightsonsortietoattack
the Tzimisce flank, and he then charges out with Lucretia and his
ablest knights from the fort. Caught between two units of charging
cavalry, the Tzimisce monstrosities are cut down. The Ventrue
quickly fall back to the keep, which they have left almost unde-
fended, and secure their fortifications anew. Many of the surviving
Germans cheer this victory with great gusto, but Jiirgen and
Lucretia look at each other knowingly. It is clear to them that
Rustovitch isusing sorties ofhisown to whittle down Jiirgen's forces
in anticipation for something greater.

The coterie should have no choice but to become involved
atone point or another in the combat. Martial characters end up
inthe heat of the battle at least once, either as part of a sortie into
the woods or manning the fortifications. Less combat-ready
characters should nevertheless face combat. Lone hellhounds
and szlachta war-ghouls can very well make it through the
German lines and corner those hoping for shelter, for example.
If the characters have a rivalry with Kara Lupescu, this can be a
time to face her in final combat.

Any character engaged in a combat sortie into the Tuzféld
woods must navigate through the trees carefully to avoid the
serrated edges of broken and twisted branches. The dangerous
makeshift blades of fallen branches and dead trees lay every-
where. Players of any characters who are forced to flee the woods
from chasing opponents must roll their Dexterity + Athletics
(difficulty 7) if afoot or Dexterity + Ride (difficulty 8) on
horseback, or suffer one level of lethal damage. This damage can
be soaked, but the difficulty for doing so is 8. Players must make
this roll each turn in which their characters run. If a player
botchesherroll, sheshouldroll again. A successon the second roll
means suffering three levels of damage instead of one. A failure
orasecond botch means the character manages to stake herself
on a branch and becomes immobilized. To ensure that the
characters are aware of the risks of running, the deadly nature of

the Tuzfild woods should be emphasized.
THe WANING oF NIGHT

In the aftermath of the second assault on the Ventrue
fortifications, the armies swarming Tuzféld begin to dwindle.
Decapitated and shredded ghouls and horrors hang limply from
branches, while the forest's floor is littered with mutilated
corpses and limbs. While the brutal night draws to a close, no
clear winner stands on the battlefield. Still, the advantage rests
with Rustovitch, who has kept Jiirgen's soldiers in their keep in
the abandoned village and whittled away his forces.

SceNE Six: THE Lesser Evi

A second night of conflict afflicts Tuzféld's corpse-ridden
woods. Rising at dusk, Jiirgen surveys the day's work undertaken by
theremainingghoulsamonghistroops. Theyhavefurtherstrength-
ened the fortifications, giving the lord some measure of hope.
Sensing that their morale is breaking, Lord Jiirgen rallies his battle-
weary forces for a speech. Standing atop one of the abandoned

keep's turrets, Jiirgen holds his sword in the airand makes his weary
knightsa promise. If they can only fight furiously for another night,
he will provide reinforcements. If the troops manage to push
Rustovitch from the Tuzfild woods, Jiirgen will be able to send a
scout to request assistance. Jiirgen continues his speech, saying that
they have gone too far to look back. Jiirgen also declares he will
strike a bargain with Hades itself to repel these Fiends, who belong
not on this field, but in the depths of Hell.

With thisspeech, Jiirgen's knights and ghouls begin to chant
his name. The low rumbling of their voices quickly overtakes the
clearing. The trees rattle in symphony with the fearsome chant,
and the coterie hasno doubt that Rustovitch's forces can hear the
damning war summons.

Fora second time, Jiirgen manages to stir his forces from the
precipice of defeat. Captivated by their leader's drive, some of the
knightsnow believe that they are on the brink of victory. Still, the
characters are doubtful; they know that determination alone will
do little to prevent the coming slaughter. Jiirgen's troops are
surrounded in an uninviting and unfamiliar place. Short of a
miracle, they are all doomed.

Presenting these worties to Jiirgen only ignites his anger.
Jurgen hears no notions of compromise. Even Jiirgen's closest allies
cannot change the Ventrue's stubborn mind. In fact, they have few
arguments with which to do so since Rustovitch does not seem
interested in anything but the annihilation of the German vam-
pires. Already one hour into the night, the coterie wonders why
Rustovitch has yet to strike, since he clearly has the advantage.
Even Jiirgen wonders silently what infernal designs the Fiend is
brewing. Despite their concerns, Jiirgen's troops wait patiently for
the slow, growing rumble of Rustovitch's trampling armies.

THE Lure of BLoop

The ghoul soldiers' other task in the daylight hours was to
gather as many sources of vitae as possible to feed the remaining
Cainites. Since animals are scarce in Tuzféld, sickly kine children
and adults who found shelter in the abandoned village were mostly
all that the ghouls could round up. Furthermore, once dusk comes,
any of the ghoul soldiers so grievously wounded as to be useless
become added sources of vitae and are thrown into a pile like
butchered cattle. Upon giving the signal, Jiirgen's Cainite soldiers

THE GANGREL BRoop

The Gangrel force storming Tuzféldisfarsmaller than
anarmyand composed of Gangrel and wild creaturesunder

their control. Counted separately, Jiirgen's kni
Rustovitch outnumber the Gangrel, even
with the assistance of the forest's natural predators. Morrow
has the help of three Gangrel packs beside her own, but in
total, there are only 14 clan members. Yet for non-
inparticular, distingui

isnearly impossible. Since they

angle, it is also challenging to determine the number of
animal allies supporting the Gangrel. Conservatively, they
have at least 100 larger animals (mostl

boars) as well as countless rats, be

their beck and call.


tear into the mound of flesh, making no distinction between man,
woman, child or beast.

The characters witness this horror. Those who are disgusted
must fight their primal hunger to bask in the gore. Lord Jiirgen looks
onand notices any characters who are hesitant. "Don't deny what
youare!" he screams from his perch while devouring helpless child.
Jiirgen does not particularly enjoy feasting on such easy prey, but he
believes that he is a superior creature and that the situation calls for
desperate measures.

Witnessinga horde of hungry Cainites gorging themselyeson
blood, even the vitae of leprous kine, is too much for most Cainites
tosee without participating. To strengthen this temptation of the
Beast, the characters are probably hungry since their last feeding
was likely unsatisfactory. Sources of vitae have been scarce since
the onset of war. Characters near this mass blood feast are tempted
to frenzy. If they resist, they must make a Self-Control roll against
adifficulty of6 plus one more forevery pointthat theircurrent blood
poolisbelow4. Even iftheyavoidthescene,aheavy stench ofblood
moistens the air, making the characters' resistance more difficult.
Although the feast is relatively short (five to eight turns), it seems
likean eternity. The sounds of vampiresas they rend flesh and bone
likely forces the coterie to join the debauchery, and the difficulty
to resist may be increased. Characters with Instinct instead of Self-
Control probably don't resist at all. (Those who try roll against a
difficulty of 10.)

VyKos RETURNS

After the armies kill the villagers, Myca Vykos infiltrates
Jiirgen's camp and approaches the coterie with a mission. First he
tells the characters that Morrow is fast approaching the area with
her pack allies. If Codrin escaped, then he reports that one of
Morrow's brood has brought her the news. If the knights killed the
Gangrel neonate, Myca says that Rustovitch's agents brought
Morrow the news of Jiirgen's incursion. Morrow is furious, and she
has the support of several Gangrel packs in this region. Morrow's
participation in this war will only prolong the conflict.

At this point, the coterie should remember that Morrow is
not going to take either Jiirgen's or Rustovitch's side. When he
learns that Rustovitch has yet to attack, it is obvious to Myca that
the Fiend has held off hoping that Morrow will kill many of
Jiirgen's troops. Learning that Morrow isapproaching, the coterie
may suspect the same. Once she is engaged in battle, the
territorial Gangrel is unlikely to distinguish between Rustovitch's
and Jiirgen's troops, leaping into combat and attacking both
armies with equal intent.

THE PLAN
Vykosisbankingthatthecoterie'sunderstandingofthisconflict
is equal to his own. Morrow is not going to forgive either Jiirgen or
Rustovitch for their intrusions, and she won't let either escape from
the woods if she can help it. Although there's no absolute guarantee
thateitherofthe lordswillfall,neitheristhereany guarantee thatthey
will not. Vykos thinks that Rustovitch is more likely than not to
survive, but he feels that it will take a miracle for Jiirgen to fight his
way out. Even if he does, his position will be terribly weakened, and
other woivodes are waiting to take Rustovitch's place if the Fiend
shouldfall. Evenifthecharactersare Rustovitch'sspies, thingsshould

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

appear dire: Norizand others won'tlet him getaway with the massive
waste of resources of the war without a victory to show for it.

There isone hope, he says. Morrow'sassault will bogdown the
Fiends and Germans, giving them a common foe, if only briefly.
That may incline the lords to listen to a compromise solution.
Vykos claims that he can offer an alternative to a prolonged
conflict, a means for Jiirgen to keep some power in this region
without risking potential annihilation. But to do so, he needs the
coterie's help.

He asks the characters to lure Jiirgen away from his camp
before Rustovitch reenters the battlefield. The characters can use
whatever excuse they wish, but they must trick him before another
battle begins. If the coterie suspects that Vykos intends to destroy
Jigen, he tells the characters that he does not want further
bloodshed, just a piece of the pie. Killing Jiirgen would ultimately
hurt Vykos, since Rustovitch would end up the sole power in this
region. By allowing both forces to survive, Myca hopes to manipu-
late Jiirgen and Rustovitch, and with the Dracon's backing, carve
aniche for himself. If the characters express doubt that Rustovitch
would agree to this plan, Vykos claims that the Tzimisce lord is not
in a position to refuse. Myca knows the troubles brewing in
Transylvania. Furthermore, MycatellsthecharactersthatRustovitch
will support this plan since the woivode will view Myca as a vassal,
even if it is only in appearance.

YEA

Presented with this option, the characters have to act swiftly,
even if they loathe helping Myca. Their best bet is to enlist either
Lucretia's or Akuji's aid, since they alone can probably not lure
Jiirgen from the battlefield. First, the characters must convince
either of Jiirgen's aides that Vykos' plan is Jiirgen's sole salvation.
Akuji feels that the Venture lord is blinded with rage, so the main
hurdle with her is her reservations about Vykos. To reassure the
Nosferatu that Myca's plan is sound, the characters can ensure
Jiirgen's safety by keeping close watch over him. If Vykos considers
treachery, the characters can promise that they will intervene.
Lucretianeedsto beconvinced thatthe tactical situation ishopeless
despite Jiirgen's promises. She is most receptive to arguments that
point to the overall strategic weakness of their troops in Hungary
without the mortal support network of the Teutonic Knights. Now
that Hungary has expelled them, how can Jiirgen hope to get
sufficient reinforcements to stave off the Fiends for any length of
time? Promises to protect Jiirgen also sway her.

Unless the characters blunder their attempts to provide
reassurances, Akuji or Lucretia (or both) support the idea. The
characters can then set the plan into motion by conjuring a
plausible lie to lure Jiirgen away, backed by Akuji or Lucretia.
The characters take Jiirgen to meet Vykos who waits in shadows.
Once he realizes what is going on, the Ventrue is angry,
particularly with the trusted vassal who has tricked him. After
he calms down, Jiirgen listens to Vykos. Vykos proposes that
Jiirgen support his bid to create a buffer state using his Obertus
order. Doingso would hem in the Tzimisce and allow Jiirgen and
Hardestadt to continue their agendas in western Hungary and
the Holy Roman Empire with a much-reduced threat of inter-
ference from Transylvania. The influence of the Dracon, Vykos
promises, will keep Rustovitch back.


After this presentation, Jiirgen declares that he needs a few
solitary moments to consider this idea. The characters must retum
to the abandoned keep and await word.

Nay

Faced with the characters' refusal to help, a desperate Myca
attempts to trap Jiirgen. In the eventuality that the coterie would
object, Myca fostered two spies in Jiirgen's camp. While the
Ventrue lord prepares his troops for battle, Vykos orders the soldiers
to capture Jiirgen. Fearing for Lord Jiirgen's safety, the characters
keep a close watch over Jiirgen, and they witness the two traitors
attempting to subdue the Ventrue. With the coterie's help, Jiirgen
defeats the soldiers and demandsan explanation. Atthat moment,
Mycasurfacesand makesa final attemptto convince everyone that
his plan is the only option. At this point, the characters may have
already warned Jiirgen of Myca's scheme. Jiirgen is weary, but he
listens to Myca. Thankfully, Vykos is a clever and experienced
orator. He convinces Jiirgen to have a consultation. Additionally,
three of Jiirgen's best soldiers keep Myca constrained. After Myca
has been rendered harmless, Jiirgen moves away in seclusion with
Vykos to consider his plans.

SCENE SEVEN?
THE TRAMPLING

The final scene of A Call to Arms unravels ata dizzying pace.
The Gangrel forces arrive on the battlefield and charge Jiirgen's
armies. To Rustovitch's surprise, the Animals also turn their

savagery against his armies, who lie in the woods, some distance
from theabandoned village. Sensingthathis opportunity todestroy
Jiirgen is waning, Rustovitch orders his monstrous armies to make
their final push against Jiirgen's forces held up in the village keep.

The scene in both Tuzféld woods and the village clearing is
frightening. Confused by the Animals' arrival, Rustovitch's ghouls
and drone-like beasts struggle to determine which foe they must
attack. The result is catastrophic. In minutes, creatures that could
suffer multiple battering and sword slices are defeated after single
strokes. Furious, Rustovitch searches for his prey, hoping to end this
conflict with Jiirgen's head on a lance.

Meanwhile, the Animals are taking charge of the battle.
Using their command of local beasts, the Gangrel swarm the
battlefield. Huge black clouds of corpse-flies rise up, laying eggs
inthe eyesand skin of the walking corpses in the battlefield. Bats
and owls swoop out of the woods, adding to the chaos. On the
ground, rats swarm over ghouls and Cainites while boars and
stags charge madly into Ventrue and Tzimisce alike. Packs of
ravenous wolves pick off any enemy who dares break rank. To
make matters even worse, most of the vampire knights have
ttied to conserve their blood since the battle began, and few
have spared any to strengthen the bond with their ghoul war-
horses. Suddenly they find these loyal creatures bucking and
running wild, driven over the edge by the deadly whispers of
Morrow and the other Gangrel. The only Cainites who are able
tostem the tide are those skilled in Animalism, so the Tzimisce
have an advantage, but it hardly makesa difference. Among the
packs of true wolves, the clouds of true bats and the very mists


of the woods hide powerful Gangrel whostrike at any Fiend who
makes headway against the assault. It's almost impossible to tell
Gangrel from beast in the chaos.

During the battle, the Gangrel euphorically embrace their
Beast. Their tactic threatens to force every Cainite toasimilar state
of mindless brutality. Morrow also participates in the fray, but she
controls her actions with surprising clarity. Despite her anger,
Morrow skillfully directs her beasts and Gangrel allies. Save
perhaps Rustovitch, no one is a better fighter on the field.

CAUGHT IN THE SWARMS

The scale of this battle is vast, and the coterie has practically
no way to avoid taking part. The Gangrel donot discriminate, and
unless the players come up with a truly inspired stratagem, their
characters must spendat least some time in the chaos of the assault.
And chaos is the word. Disciplined knights frenzy left and right,
horrific Tzimisce war-ghouls shriek in terror of their own, and
mighty elders stalk each other despite the carnage. Emphasize the
sheer terror of the situation and constantly throw threats against
them. Some possibilities:

© Corpse Flies: A black cloud of insects descends on one or
more of the characters, swarming into her eyes, mouth, noseandall
soft tissue. The character is blinded (+2 difficulty on all actions)
untilshecan drive the creatures out ofher eyes by rubbing them out
for two tums and leaving the cloud. The sensation of the insects
crawling down her throat also forces a check against frenzy
(difficulty 4, twosuccessesneeded). Any character whosufferssuch
an attack can expect to have maggots hatch in her undead flesh
over the next 24 hours. This causes no damage, but waking with
your throat full of burrowing larvae can be very disconcerting.

© Bats: Clouds of bats plague the coterie like giant mosquitoes.
Although these nocturnal flyers do not damage a character, they
renderanyone caught in their sphere virtually blind (+2 difficulty for
all actions requiring Dexterity). The only way to dispel these black
swarmsis tousefire, which isbeing used by soldiers in the dark woods,
orto find shelter inan abandoned house. The bats donot follow into
cramped quarters.

Arrows and Spears: The chaos of battle means that there
isa constant barrage of arrows and spears flying in every direction.
Players whose characters have to make their way through a battle
must roll their Dexterity + Dodge against a difficulty of 6, lest those
characterssuffera level oflethal damage. Playersmustmake thisroll
each time their characters cut through a battle. This dodge counts
as an action for the turn.

© Mad Horses: Characters who mounta steed during battle
may lose control of their beast since the Gangrel usurp mastery of
all animals on the field. Characters are thrown from their horses,
and must make a Dexterity + Athletics roll against a difficulty of 7
to land on their feet. Otherwise they fall awkwardly and take two
levels of bashing damage. On a failed Dexterity + Dodge roll, the
vampires also risk being trampled. Victims suffer four levels of
bashing damage from the thrashing. Each subsequent turn, the
players must roll Dexterity + Athletics for their characters toregain
theirfooting. Failing means that they must either dodge orsufferan
additional lossofhealth. This vicious procedure continues until the
character successfully escapes or is mauled into torpor.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

Forattacks from larger animals, use the profiles provided on p.
102.

It is possible for characters with Animalism to repel the
creatures under Gangrel control. These characters can use Noah's
Call (Animalism 2), rolling their Charisma + Survival (difficulty
8). With three or more successes, the characters can convince the
attacking beasts not to harm them long enough for the beats to
chooseanotherconvenient target. Characters may also use Cowing
the Beast (Animalism 3), but players must roll at difficulty 8 and
collect seven successes instead of five. This increase reflects the
Gangrel influence over the creatures.

OpporTUNiTy AT Last

Despite the unyielding chaos, Vladimir Rustovitch cuts a
swath through the rampaging armies, bearing his greatsword.
"Jigen!" he screams to summon his dreaded foe from hiding.
"Show yourself, craven leech, and make battle!"

Rustovitch's anger commands attention, and it is more terri-
fying than anything on the field. The Fiend skillfully slices his way
toJiirgen'skeep. There he confronts the characters, whoare waiting
for Vykos and Jiirgen to return. "Where are you hiding him?"
Rustovitch barks at the coterie. Simultaneously, Morrow emerges
from the sea of shadows. The characters stand between a growling
Rustovitch and a murderous Morrow. She is seconds from leaping
at Rustovitch, and unless the coterie intervenes, a battle of titans
will take place.

In the event that the characters moved away from the keep,
thisscenecanessentially unravel anywhere in Tuzféld. Rustovitch
charges toward the characters either because he recognizes them.
as spies or as Jiirgen's allies. Vladimir suspects that the characters
know Jiirgen's whereabouts, and he does not relent until they
reveal his location.

KNOWLEDGE Best Csep

Only the information that Jiirgen is negotiating with Myca
Vykos stalls this confrontation. Using their persuasive powers, the
characters have to convince Morrow and Rustovitch that they have
solution to end the war. Once the characters present Myca's plan
for the creation of a buffer state, Rustovitch and Morrow postpone
their confrontation. Even so, Morrow does not see how such an
arrangement serves the Gangrel. She demands that all the territory
surrounding TuzfildfallundertheexclusivedominionoftheGangrel.
Rustovitch listensbut ultimately, he isdoubeful that Myca Vykosand
Jurgen are really in negotiations. The wivode believes that the coterie
is simply stalling to save Jiirgen, who is making his cowardly escape.
Evenifthe charactersare secretly Rustovitch'sspies, Vladimir doubts
their motivations. Neither side calls off their troops, and the sounds
of slaughter in the woods punctuate the icy standoff in the keep.

THE PROPOSAL

Fortunately, Lord Jiirgen makes his reappearance just as
Rustovitch prepares to scour the keep. Upon seeing Jiirgen with
Myca, Rustovitch draws his sword and leaps from his horse. In

»

retaliation, Jiirgen shouts, "Sheathe your sword, dog!

The coterie now stands between three battle-ready adversar-
ies. Morrow, Rustovitch and Jiirgen shout insults at each other.
Only the intervention of Myca and the coterie prevents the


discussions from degrading. Myca makes his proposal known to
Rustovitch and Morrow. Similarly, Jiirgen announces that he
supports this plan.

The only way to convince Morrow to consider Myca's plan is
toemphasize that the creation ofa buffer state will putan end to this
war. Since they have no real interest in laying claim to her territory,
Rustovitch, Jiirgen and Myca concede to whatever Morrow de-
mands. As for Rustovitch, he agrees only with the assurance that
Vykosswearsan oath offealty. By agreeing to thisdeal, Jiingen haslost
hisbidforachunk of Transylvania. On the otherhand, Jiirgen makes
ademand of Rustovitch. Jiirgen wants the voivode to recognize Acre
as his domain and withdraw the Vlaszy knights from the Second
Kingdom. Having gained what he wanted from his gambit in
Outremer, Rustovitch agrees.

During this negotiation, the leaders use the characters as
proxies. Jiirgen and Rustovitch are particularly loath to speak
directly to each other. The hatred they feel prevents them from
fully acknowledging each other's presence and showing respect.
Rustovitch only agrees to this truce because of his problems with
theconniving Noriz, whohopesto usurp control ofhisempire. The
longer Rustovitch delays, the more he risks losing everything.

If necessary, Myca whispers sweet words to each leader to
facilitate the coterie's diplomatic efforts, reassuring each lord of his
loyalty. He tells Rustovitch that he is his loyal vassal, while telling
Jiirgen that his alliance with Rustovitch is superficial at best. Myca

is part of the Obertus, and the group's ideologies conflict with
Rustovitch's beliefs. Preferably, have Vykos arm the coterie with
these arguments so that the players remain at the center of the
diplomatic action.

After she has gained assurances from Myca, Rustovitch and
Jiirgen that they will respect her territory, Morrow departs and
orders her fellow Gangrel to cease their battle. She givesall Cainites
until the end of night to depart Tuzfild, after which she threatens
to retum to finish her job. Once each lord has agreed to all the

demands, a fragile peace iscarvedand the pounding sounds of battle
give way to silence.

EPILOGUE

Tired and bloodied, Lord Jiirgen and his forces return to their
holdings in Brandenburg. The war is over fornow, and the Ventrue
lord must rebuild his forces and ready his next assaults. Vultures
circle around him, but he secures his borders and makes ready for
further campaigns. One setback is not enough to deter such a
vampire. Rustovitch for his part is able to counter the moves of
Noriz and shout his victory over the Ventrue. But southerm
Transylvania is not so secure. The Tremere remain a thorn in his
side, German and Magyar settlers still abound, and the Arpad
Ventrue retum to the fore.

The War of Princes has just begun.

ALCALL TO ARMS



Pihjopter Sour:
Gramatis

Thereis no man that hath po ywoer ower

9 the spirit to vetain the spici it reithnee hott

) begets sine beni ot eeathreois neces
< in that war


CHILDREN
OF THE NIGHT

The characters presented in this chapter are the archi-
tects of Under the Black Cross. Be they friend or foe, these
vampires have considerable impact on the tumultuous
developments that shape Acre, Magdeburg and Hungary.
To warrant treatment, the characters in this chapter have
at least a single memorable encounter with the coterie.
Characters with whom your players' characters have only
passing contact or who are potent elders do not have full
game statistics. This allows you to portray them as you see
fit, rather than hewing to rigid statistics.

BrusaAH

HANIFA BINT Nasir AR-RASHID, THE
RiGHTLy GUIDED

(Appears in Ashes of Outremer)

Background: The daughter of a scribe in Aleppo,
Hanifa grew up as a proper Muslim woman. Veiled and
covered, she helped with the household work behind her
father's shop while he dealt with the learned men who
called for his services. At night, he taught her to read, so
that she could better understand the words of God as
recorded by the Prophet (peace be unto him). At the call
of the muezzin she worshiped Allah at the local mosque
with the other women. When she was an adult, her father
married her to a coppersmith, a gentle, pious man named
Walid ibn Othman, by whom she had a daughter.

This idyllic life came to an end when the Greeks
invaded Syria and laid siege to Aleppo at the command of
Emperor Basil II. Her husband and daughter died of
starvation before the Hamdanid governor surrendered,
and her family was killed in the ensuing massacre. She
herself was taken and made the whore and slave of several
Byzantine soldiers. She existed this way for two years,
praying to Allah for the release of death or madness, but
He granted neither.

One summer day, an order came that the army was
being rotated home to Anatolia and that another would
take its place. That night, the soldiers debated whether
they should take Hanifa with them, sell her to their
replacements or cut her throat since she was used up.
They drank and gambled, eventually falling asleep be-
neath the images of their idolatrous icons.

Confident in her submission, the soldiers had forgot-
ten to bind Hanifa for the night. When she realized that
they weren't coming for her, she resolved then and there to
have her revenge and then find the peace that Allah
denied her. Stealthily, silently, she first stole a dagger from
the belt ofa snoring Greek, then cut his throat. One by one,
moving like a ghost through the shadows cast by the moon,

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

she killed all the Byzantines who had tormented her. The
deed done, she kept the knife for one last purpose: She
would return to the house that she and her husband and
daughter shared and kill herself. There, amidst the rubble
and burned timbers, she prayed for Allah's forgiveness and
plunged the knife into her belly.

She lay there, her blood draining over the stones that
had once been her home, when she felt a hand on her
shoulder. Unable to turn or look, she heard a voice say
that this was not her time, that her fire was needed for
future wars against the infidel. And then she felt the bite
at her neck.

Her sire, Nasir ibn Mansur, taught her well the ways
of war. He took her anger and loss and instilled in her an
unending desire to defend and avenge her people. He
taught her the ways of the Ashirra sect of vampires and of
her new family, Bay't Mushakis (which the Franj call Clan
Brujah). Eventually, he left her to travel west, where the
Franj were trying to retake al-Andalus. He left her in the
Levant, with a mission to defend God's children from
invaders. This has been her unchanging mission ever
since, although she has never her sire again. Over time,
she has gathered a small coterie of like-minded Cainites
from several clans. With the coming of the crusades, she
knows that this is the mission for which Allah had
intended her.

Image: A plain woman who shuns adornment, Hanifa
cuts her hair short to keep it out of the way in battle. Tall
for her sex, her build has grown muscular in the years since


she took up the sword. But her body is lithe, not heavy, and
speed and stealth are her greatest weapons. Her green eyes
are those of a hawk, always searching for prey. Hanifa still
wears a simple veil.

Roleplaying Hints: You took your personal revenge
centuries ago, and now you take it for others who cannot.
But unlike the Franj or Seljuks, you are not a barbarian.
You do not kill wantonly. You prefer to protect and shield,
rather than maim or kill. In the time since Aleppo, you
have even stopped hating Greeks, since you've seen how
the Franj knights have treated Orthodox Christians and
seen more than your fair share of sinners who go to
mosque. Now you are willing to deal with reasonable
vampires of any faith as long as the cause of justice is
served. Your own faith in Allah and His Word as revealed
to Muhammad remain strong.

Haven: Hanifa and her coterie make their haven in
the Lebanon Mountains east of Acre, in a cave in a small
hidden valley. They have other, temporary havens scat-
tered throughout the Second Kingdom, the locations of
which they change regularly to maintain security.

Secrets: Hanifa has gathered much valuable intelli-
gence about the vampires of the Second Kingdom. She
knows of many secret havens and informal relationships.
Among other things, she understands that there is bad
blood between Etienne and his sire, Varsik. Etienne isa fair
overseer of the local Damned, and she would rather he
remain the prince of Acre.

Influence: Hanifa has some influence among the
younger Cainites of Syria and Palestine, especially those
on the Road of War. Many look to her as a mentor, and
itis she who helps them mold wild fanaticism into a useful
determination.

Destiny: Hanifa barely misses destroying the
Lasombra Maria d'Agostino during the capture of
Acre in 1291. After the last of the crusades, when the
Turks come to dominate the Islamic world, her fire
burns low and she enters torpor in her beloved Aleppo.
She rises again during the Arab War for Indepen-
dence in 1917, becoming a terror of the Turkish army.
Hanifa, beloved daughter of Nasir, meets Final Death
and diablerie at the hands of an Assamite hired by a
Turkish commander.

Clan: Brujah (Bay't Mushakis)
Sire: Nasir ibn Mansur
Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Fanatic

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 998

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 2, Melee 4, Ride 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Hearth Wisdom 3, Investiga-
tion 2, Linguistics 3, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 4, Fortitude 2, Potence 3,
Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 2, Retain-
ers 3, Status 1

Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Road: War 6 (The Road of War, or Tariq el-Harb, is the
Muslim version of the Road of Chivalry. For full treat-
ment, see Veil of Night, pp. 140-142.)

Willpower: 6

CAITIFF

ALBIN, THE Guost OF MAGDEBURG

(appears in Shadows at Court)

Background: Albin was born inasmall village a day's
travel from Magdeburg. Sadly, he was the victim of a
severe case of the mumps that left him unusually small and
weak for several years. During this time, Albin bore the
abuse of a father who taunted him about his shortcomings.

When Albin was just 13 years old, a plague ravaged
through his village, taking the lives of his siblings and
mother. Albin's father survived the ordeal, but it left him
crippled and weak — and at Albin's mercy. The teenager
reveled at this role reversal. He began torturing his father
who responded with taunts. After years of abuse, Albin's
final revenge came when he repeatedly plunged a dagger in
his father's heart and set the family home aflame.

Leaving his native village for Magdeburg, Albin
traded one hell for another. The city was no kinder than
his family had been. He spent months trying to find work,
but he ultimately had to survive on only the pity of
strangers and what he could scavenge. Eventually, he
turned to stealing from the city's wealthiest merchants
and nobles. Albin lived in dank cellars and cesspits, but
other urchins discovered his secret hideaway. Once again,
Albin became the victim of abuse when stronger boys beat
him and usurped his shelter. He couldn't stand it any
longer, and he attacked his tormentors with a blunt knife.
Albin only managed to harm one boy before the others
beat him into submission. Battered and broken, Albin
waited for his rivals to deliver the final blows.

Instead he saw a vast shadow move over them. One by
one, the boys who had taunted Albin died screaming.
Albin closed his eyes and begged for a quick death. A voice
he believed to be the Devil himself refused to render it, and
Albin awoke a creature of the night. For years, he could not

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


understand what he had become, not until he encountered
Cainites and learned that he was not alone. Yet again,
Albin became the wretch of his kind — this time of the
shadowy world of vampires. Magdeburg's Cainites ridi-
culed Albin for fearing what he had become rather than
reveling in his predatory powers. They nicknamed him the
Ghost because he carried on more as a shade than a
vampire. While they feasted on kine vitae, Albin drained
rats and stray dogs.

Albin came to the attention of Lord Jiirgen when the
Ventrue began investigating the city. The Ventrue lord's
advisors recommended that he dispose of the pitiable
creature. Yet rather than heed their harsh advice, Jurgen
discovered that the Caitiff had an unsurpassed knowledge
of the city and an uncanny ability to skulk about unseen.
Jurgen approached Albin and offered him a position as his
personal spy. Albin accepted the offer immediately, antici-
pating that he would gain respect among Magdeburg's
vampires. Unfortunately, Magdeburg's other vampires still
see him as a wretch who is now all the more distasteful
because he reports all to the prince.

Albin seethes with resentment. Jiirgen treats him
like a slave and never forgets to remind him that his
existence depended solely on Jiirgen's mercy. Albin has
spent years suffering in silence, but the Tremere know
very well the nature of hatred. Alexia of Nicosia ap-
proaches the Caitiff with an offer: Betray Jurgen in
exchange for the secrets of blood magic.

Image: Albin was quickly approaching manhood as
of his Embrace, but he was still a short and skinny wretch.
Although his body seemed younger than 13, Albin's face
bore the lines of a man who had already lived a life of
hardship. Albin's skin was also cadaverous, the blue veins
beneath his pallid flesh easily visible, while his posture
was hunched, a result of malnutrition and hard work.

Roleplaying Hints: They all hate you, and you hate
them back. Keep quiet and watch, never letting on that
you conspire against their haughty unliving selves. Strike
when the time is right.

Haven: Albin nests in one of the towers along
the wall of Jiirgen's keep in Magdeburg. Although it
could shelter others, the tower is abandoned by all
save the Caitiff.

Secrets: Albin has gathered many interesting facts
over his years of service. His greatest knowledge is the
physical arrangement of Magdeburg. There is no building
in the area — not even his lord's keep — that can keep
him out.

Influence: Albin has Jiirgen's ear when he
conveys information, but not a hint of influence
when he gives an opinion.

Destiny: Imprisoned at the bottom of an abandoned
well at the end of Shadows at Court, Albin escapes

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

around 1230. Jiirgen tries to find his erstwhile spy for a few
years but never does. Little does he know that Albin
brings Jiirgen's secrets to Lord Hardestadt.

Clan: Caitiff

Sire: unknown

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1191

Apparent Age: mid-teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Larceny 4, Sub-
terfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 1, Herbalism 1, Melee 2,
Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 1, Investigation 2, Linguis-
tics 1, Politics 1, Seneschal 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Obfuscate 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 3

Virtues: Conviction 2, Instinct 4, Courage 2
Road: Devil 6

Willpower: 4


FOLLOWER OF SET

LgQMAN IBN -WaHID AL BasiM GiK.a,.
"Du@ag IBN JAMIL"), HipDEN SERPENT

(Appears in Ashes of Outremer)

9th generation, childe of Akh-Netep

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 871

Apparent Age: early 30s

Background: Born the eldest son of a wealthy spice
dealer in the great port of Alexandria, Lugman ibn
Wahid al Basim came to enjoy a life of sybaritic pleasure.
His parents, otherwise good Muslims, granted the every
whim of their beautiful boy: the father because he was
weak before his wife; his mother because she could not
bear to be denied her son's emotional or physical love. All
was forgiven. Any sin, any cruelty, any waste or wanton-
ness. He paid the consequences for nothing.

After the (suspicious) death of his parents, Lugman
inherited the business and proceeded to run it to ruin. Bad
investments combined with his spendthrift ways and
dissolute lifestyle left his coffers nearly empty. Worse still,
he began to sell family possessions, not to raise money for
the business, but to buy the favors of a beautiful courtesan
who called herself Asiya but was actually a Follower of Set

named Akh-Netep. He went through all he owned, and
Asiya turned her back on him as soon as the last coin
passed from his hands. To get her back would take money,
so he set to work for the first time in his life. With honeyed
words and the last of his family's reputation, he became
the partner of a trader. He soon murdered the fool and
took over his business, transforming a small concern into
a prosperous empire built on exotic spices, the finest
slaves and all the goods that the rich of Alexandria
wanted to get their hands on without their neighbors
knowing. Luqman was wealthy and Asiya was his alone.
She was pleased with his progress, and she revealed the
wisdom of Set to him. A few years later, he accepted the
god's blood.

Since then, Luqman has worked the will of Set from
al-Andalus to Ader and Constantinople. Honing the
skills he learned as a merchant and from Akh-Netep, he
has become a master of honeyed words and innuendo. In
the Second Kingdom he has taken the role of "Dugaq," a
Syrian Toreador scribe who works to conciliate between
the various factions. His secret goal is to guide the Fifth
Crusade's army to Egypt in order to drive the Muslim
vampires from that ancient land. He supports Prince
Etienne and even serves as his aide, since the Ravnos is a
relatively liberal liege. Although fired by misguided Chris-
tian faith, Etienne lets Acre's vampires be, and that is how
Luqman likes it.

GANGREL

ik MICHAEL OF DURHAM, GRAIL
NIGHT
(Appears in Ashes of Outremer)
10th generation, childe of Edward
Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: 1070

Apparent Age: early 30s

In the first years after the Norman Conquest, King
William's knights pushed north, establishing Norman
rule over the whole of Anglo-Saxon England. Michael
FitzArnold took up rule of a small group of villages north
of the River Wear and built for himself a wooden motte-
and-bailey castle. Neither more lenient nor cruel than his
Norman brethren, Michael was notable only for the depth
of his piety. He commissioned several churches in the
villages and gave generously to the local abbey.

One chill autumn evening, just past sunset, Michael
was riding home from a tour of his lands. A knight bearing
a blackened shield blocked his path and declared that only
a knight of valor might pass him. Michael accepted the
challenge and, with spear and sword, they joined battle.
The contest was short, for Michael was no match for his

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


opponent. Unhorsed at the first pass, Michael rose to his
feet to gallantly concede when the black knight rapidly
strode up, punched him to the ground and stabbed his
throat in one fluid motion. Realizing with horror that his
death was to feed a demon, he tried to resist when the
creature cut his own wrist and fed the blood to Michael. He
tried to resist, but could not, and instead drank heartily of
the heady vitae.

His sire, a Saxon Gangrel named Edward, abandoned
him that night without a word. Knowing that he could
never return to his former life, Michael fled into the
wilderness to be as far from men as possible. Feeding only
when absolutely necessary, he prayed fervently for forgive-
ness of the sins that had caused God to curse him so. He
tried to do goodas he wandered, defending isolated villages
from the depredations of ravening Cainites and Lupines in
the night. Eventually, he encountered a vampire who was
not a monster, but instead a noble knight. This knight,
Kenneth, told him of the Order of the Bitter Ashes and that
his salvation lay within the walls of the Castle by the Lake
in Scotland. Accepting the offer, Michael became a squire
of the order. Eventually, after long periods of prayer,
meditation and testing, he drank from the Grail itself and
passed its grueling test. His skin now glows faintly, and he
can stand the power of the sun for brief periods of time, but
he rarely makes use of these gifts.

CINDER_THE BLACK CROSS

Michael is in the Levant on his first independent
mission to find relics to bring back to the Order. When he
learns of the fragment of the True Cross, he makes it his
mission to ensure that it does not fall into undeserving
hands. Ambivalent about Gauthier de Dampiere and his
band, Michael concentrates on helping them escape
before deciding what course to take next.

Morrow THE SAGE

(appears in Shadows at Court and A Call to Arms)

Background: Unlike most of her Cainite cousins,
Morrow has no knowledge of a life outside the world of
night. When she was a child, Morrow was abandoned
after a brutal barbarian invasion devastated her parent's
farmstead. Death found her in the form of Arnulf, the
already ancient Gangrel who stalks through Eastern
Europe. At first, he considered feasting on her, but the
prospect of a small child unspoiled by life among
humans enticed him. Arnulf decided that he wanted to
taise Morrow, granting her the Embrace once she
reached maturity.

At the rare gatherings of Gangrel in those nights,
other Animals acknowledged only the inconveniences of
raising a living girl. Arnulf, however, saw it as an oppor-
tunity to cultivate the ideal childe — a solitary,
self-sufficient vampire with superior skills. In no time,
Morrow proved to be a formidable, independent spirit.
Even years before her Embrace, Morrow would hunt and

_track unaided by heightened senses and Cainite vigor.

After two decades of raising Morrow, Arnulf decided
to proceed to the next phase of his tutelage. He put
Morrow through a test. She must survive on her own for
several weeks in a small territory, while Arnulf himself
worked against her. Morrow had a difficult task trying to
outwit Arnulf, whose experience and skills were far supe-
rior. Still, Morrow's survival instincts were unparalleled.
She moved through the forest like a fox, dug for roots and
ate what grubs she could find. When necessary, she hid
from Arnulf, now her predator. On the fifth night, Mor-
row and Arnulf faced each other. Arnulf had trapped a
hare and was waiting for Morrow to come upon it. Morrow
knew what was waiting, so she fashioned weapons before
she approached.

She was unable to land a single blow, but Arnulf
showed little restraint, tearing at her flesh. At that mo-
ment, Morrow tried hard to find a shred of humanity in
Arnulfs eyes. She found only rage, for he knew no other
path than struggle. He was about to deliver a deadly blow
when Morrow reached for her makeshift dagger. She plunged
it into her beloved teacher's neck. Immediately, Morrow
pulled back, horrified that she had been capable of such
brutality. With this sign, Arnulf charged Morrow a second
time. The next night, she awoke alone and undead.


Years after the Embrace, Morrow understood what
Arnulf had tried to achieve. She respected the reasoning
behind her mentor's actions, but she also believed that
there was another way for the Gangrel. Morrow headed
south and slowly garnered a reputation as a fierce warrior.
This reputation helped Morrow in her quest to gather
fellow Animals. Morrow realized that if the clan was to
survive the encroachment of civilization and the Cainites
that it hid, Gangrel had to have ways to cooperate. She
encouraged Gangrel to form packs throughout the Balkans
and Hungary, and she watched over great gatherings of the
Animals. Morrow became known as the Sage, a moniker
she was awarded for her ability to use reason as efficiently
as she did her Beast. Even Arnulf attended some of her
gatherings, although he never stayed long.

Lord Jiirgen's bid for domain in Transylvania spells
troubles for the area's Animals. For many years, Morrow
and the Fiend Vladimir Rustovitch have had an under-
standing: Each stays out of the other's affairs. This truce
has stood unchallenged for years, and they have even
managed to cooperate against the Tremere on a few
occasions. When Jiirgen moves his troops in the region,
Morrow senses that her land's stability is at risk.

Image: Embraced as she entered full womanhood,
Morrow is a fine physical specimen — muscled and
powerful. She has frenzied many a time over her unlife,
and she bears the animalistic characteristics of her Gangrel
blood with pride. Long, lustrous fur covers most of her
body, her ears are pointed like a wolf's, and her eyes shine
like a great cat's. Morrow disdains clothing of any type.

EE

Roleplaying Hints: You are part warrior-woman,
part mother-figure, part force of nature and all beast. You
run the woods and hills and hunt where you may, but you
have little patience for the self-indulgent isolation of
some Gangrel. The Animals must run in packs and
support one another if they are to survive — and if that
means that they must all submit to you, so be it.

Haven: Morrow has no specific haven, being no-
madic like many of her clan. She considers several areas
hers, however, and she defends them against all incur-
sions. The most important of these is the ancient wood
where Arnulf Embraced her—an area now called Tuzfold.

Secrets: Morrow knows many of the secret passes
and sheltered ways through the Transylvanian Alps and
the Balkans.

Influence: Morrow is one of the most respected
Gangrel in the region. Under her guidance, the unique
Gangrel packs of the region became highly territorial and
agreed (in theory) to help one another in times of crisis.
Only at the calling of Morrow or another elder would a
substantial number of Animals come together, but small
clutches of three or four packs did cooperate against the
Tzimisce, Eastern Ventrue and Tremere over the years.

Destiny: Morrow's actions in A Call to Arms, bring-
ing down not one, but two powerful noble Cainites, only
add to her reputation. In the years to come, she will stand
as an important figure shaping the beliefs of those who
follow the Road of the Beast.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Arnulf

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 887

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Herbalism 4, Melee 2, Stealth 6,
Survival 6

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 4, Investigation 2, Occult 1
Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 2, Fortitude 4, Po-
tence 2, Protean 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 4, Status 5 (among
Gangrel)

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 5, Courage 4

Road: Beast 8

Willpower: 9

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


LASOMBRA

Maria p'AGostino, DAUGHTER OF
GENOA

(Appears in Ashes of Outremer)

8th generation, childe of Pietro

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 977

Apparent Age: late teens

Born to the family of powerful merchants in Genoa,
Maria Isabella d' Agostino grew up with the sensibilities of
one born to rule. Genoa was beginning its growth as a
trading power, and the wealth brought to House d'Agostino
bought her servants, rich clothes of silk from
Constantinople and all the things that she grew to regard
as her rightful due. The success of her family showed its
natural right to rule, and the d'Agostinos were leaders in
the resistance against Fatimid raiders and in the city's
commercial expansion.

Although she was taught that a woman's proper place
was as a wife, mother and household supervisor, Maria was
fascinated with trade and the arts of commerce. She
showed an aptitude for mathematics and business, which
was considered unseemly by many inher family. Her father,
however, indulged her, not the least because she wasa more
apt pupil than her dolt of an elder brother, Rogerio, the

nominal heir.

But a stroke felled old Don Carlo one summer's night,
and Rogerio became head of the house. Viewing his sister
as just another commercial property, he arranged for her
marriage to the heir of the powerful Fieschi family in return
for trading concessions in Constantinople. Brother and
sister had a fierce fight in the family library that ended with
Maria stabbing Rogerio through the heart with his own
dagger. Rushing to the sound of their master's scream, the
servants restrained her and turned her over to the authori-
ties. Within days, the magistrate had pronouncedasentence
of death by strangulation.

The night before her execution, she was visited by
Father Pietro in her cell. While she made her confession, he
spoke softly to her, telling her that there was no great sin in
what she did, since fate had placed an inferior ahead of her
and all she did was to take her rightful place. He claimed
that he had the power to restore her to the place that God
meant for her and to put her among Europe's natural rulers,
if she would only agree to further the interests of a new
family, one that lived in shadow.

She agreed eagerly, and Father Pietro left without a
further word. The next day, instead of being taken to her
execution, she was released and restored to her home and
servants. It seemed that a sailor from Sardinia had con-
fessed to the murder and already been put to death. The
contract with the Fieschi was broken, too. Wondering how
the debt she owed this mysterious family would be paid, she
buried herself in her work of running the family businesses.
Of "Father Pietro," no one she asked knew a thing.

Yet he returned a few months later, surprising her in
the study where she had killed her brother. He reminded
her of her debt but reassured her that she was merely
assuming her rightful role within her new family, the
Lasombra. Held by his soothing words and a dominating
presence, she stood paralyzed as his teeth sunk into her neck
and drained her lifeblood. She then drank eagerly of his.

In the decades since, Maria has come to believe that
that night was the beginning of her real life. In the years
that followed, she made ghouls of her whole household,
ensuring their loyalty. To maintain a proper image, she
took a husband from a minor merchant house and made
a thrall of him as well. When the years passed and her
apparent youth began to draw questions, she faked her
death and, ruling from the family crypt, placed another
ghoul as her "heir."

Eventually, the elders of the clan felt that her talents
would serve them best elsewhere. They sent Maria to
establish a branch of her family's trading empire in the
Second Kingdom, arriving in 1199. She has been there
since, supporting Lasombra and Christian interests with all
her skill, from the family home in Haifa. Her contacts
within the Genoan quarter of Acre and other trading ports
along the coast are unparalleled.


INosFERATU

Akujl, THE TALE" WEAVER

(appears in Shadows at Court and A Call to Arms)

11th generation, childe of Kristoff

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 1002

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Akuji was born in the North African deserts with a
wanderer's spirit. Asa child, she spent much time with her
father, who ran acaravansary. With him, she met travelers
who came from all corners of Africa. Often without her
father's knowledge, she wandered into the strangers' tents
and listened to their tales of afar, longing to travel to new
places herself. As a young woman, she settled for being a
storyteller, delighting the villagers with tales of faraway
places borrowed from traders who visited her father. She
knew that her parents were to arrange a marriage for her,
and she dreaded assuming her "womanly duties" and giving
up hope of adventure. The fates had other plans, however,
and Akuji caught the eye of Seje, an impulsive trader from
the Levant. When his caravan left the settlement, Akuji
was hidden among his private things.

For several years, Akuji and her lover traveled North
Africa. During each trip, Akuji remained hidden. If the
other traders in the caravan had learned that a woman

traveled with them, they would have banished Akuji and
Seje. While Seje made his living selling goods, Akuji
would sneak to nearby villages and towns to recount
stories. Eventually, Akuji gained a reputation, and many
villagers would pay to hear her tales.

Akuji and Seje quickly amassed wealth, and they
dreamed of one day marrying and owning their own
caravan. Another trader who had jealously noticed Seje's
growing coffers began spying on him. After discovering
Seje's secret, he threatened to reveal Akuji to their elders.
In return for his silence, the man demanded that Seje pay
him a portion of his money. Seje refused and a scuffle
ensued. During the fight, other traders came to witness
the commotion. While trying to protect Akuji, Seje
turned his back to his opponent's blade, who took the
opportunity to stab Seje through the heart. Seje died
immediately. Horrified, Akuji fled and ended up in the
port city of Ceuta.

Akuji wandered the city. She made a living selling
tales that had grown as dark as her mood. Kristoff, a
European Nosferatu in the city on his master's errand, saw
Akuji and noticed that she was filled with sorrow. It was as
if she had lost the will to live. Although she drew breath,
her spirit was destroyed. Sensing that her only passion was
amassing stories, Kristoff approached Akuji with an offer.
Disguising his true face, the Nosferatu proposed giving her
anew life filled with secret knowledge in a land far away.
Fascinated, Akuji accepted.

Over the next few years, the two traveled north into
Christian Europe. Kristoff tested his protégé, seeing if she
was resourceful enough to find her own way on several
occasions. Though not without her failings, Akuji proved
an apt pupil. She learned Latin, Occitan and German,
and she found ways to survive as a Moor and a woman in
a Christian man's world. When Kristoff finally revealed

his horrific face to Akuji, she barely balked. It was just
another condition to which she needed to adapt. With his
liege's permission, Kristoff Embraced Akuji.

Her transformation was torment. Her bones writhed
and grew misshapen while her skin bore puss-filled boils.
Akuji tried to hide her disfigurement by wrapping herself
in layers of robes as she had in the desert. It was a price she
was willing to pay in return for the power of the Blood.

Kristoff's master was a vassal of the Ventrue elder
Hardestadt. She traveled to the great Patrician's lair in
1020, when her sire was ready to release her and present
her. [twas there that she met Jiirgen, achilde of Hardestadt.
The ambitious and reckless Ventrue reminded her of her
late lover, the tragically murdered Seje, and she made it
her business to get to know him. It took almost a century,
but the two came to trust one another. In 1115, Akuji
became Jiirgen's vassal with Kristoff's approval. She has
been watching his back ever since.

DRAMATIS PERSONHE


ARxM Hovannes, Devil OF ARMENIA

(Appears in Ashes of Outremer)

7th generation, childe of Varsik

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Penitent

Embrace: 1000

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Aram was born in Armenia to the family of a small
trader near Lake Van. From his earliest days, he was on the
road with his father's caravan, learning the ways of the
merchant. From Kievan Rus through Persia and Palestine
to the wonders of Constantinople and as far west as Rome,
he had an education that few boys could ever dream of. His
father, a pious man, taught him reading and numbers and
instilled a love for the true Christian Church, founded first
in all the world in Armenia. But the purity born in the
mountains around Lake Van did not seem to spread to
much of the world. Corruption was everywhere he went. In
Byzantium the Church was subordinate to profane emper-
ors, while, in the West, it was busier selling offices than
seeing to the spiritual needs of its flock. And blaspheming
Muslims taxed Christians and Jews heavily, even though
they were supposedly fellow "People of the Book."

Aram proved to be a superior merchant, first as his
father's second-in-command, then as master in his own
tight upon the old man's passing. But the cynical world he
met when he first journeyed with his father wore him
down. Why be idealistic when the world then takes you
for a fool? Why trust an offered hand when its brother
prepares to strike you down? Gradually, Aram came to the
conclusion that he was a fool. If the remainder of the
world was out for itself first, the so would he be — and he
would win.

The key that made Aram so successful in his new
philosophy was the mask he wore. He appeared to be even
more pious, more learned, more devout than before. Gold
flowed freely from his hands to the churches of the region,
but the gift hid his negotiating skills, which landed him
contracts that allowed him to charge exorbitant prices for
little value in return. With a prayer on his lips, he
sorrowfully informed naive priests of obscure clauses that
allowed him to default on his deliveries even though they,
sadly, still had to pay his expenses. His swindling was
magnificent. No one doubted that he was a pious man
who was also a victim of circumstances — not even the
great trader Varsik himself.

Varsik and Aram met in Damascus one evening as
Aram prayed in the Armenian Church of St. Basil. Varsik
had heard of Aram's mercantile skills and piety, and he
wanted to see for himself if the stories were true. They
talked, and Varsik was impressed — and so was Aram,

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

who could sense that Varsik had something he wanted.
They met for the next week each night at Varsik's house
over cups of coffee, talking of trade and religion, of history
and the coming end of the world. Aram was at his
deceptive, predatory best, telling Varsik what he wanted
to hear while concealing his selfish core until he could at
last learn what it was that Varsik seemed to be offering. At
last, Varsik revealed the truth about himself, Bashir, the
Ravnos and the coming Day of Gehenna. Aram was a
pious, virtuous man... would he not join the Bashirites in
their holy quest to prepare the world for God's Coming?
With the slightest gleam of victory in his eyes, Aram
nodded yes.

Since then, he has served Varsik as his right-hand
man, doing his work in Jerusalem and elsewhere faithfully
and well. For over 200 years, he has hidden his true
intentions from his sire, waiting for the right moment to
strike and claim the power he desires.

That moment draws nigh.

ETIENNE DE FAUBERGE, PRINCE OF Dirt

(Appears in Ashes of Outremer)

Background: From his earliest days in the Savoyard
town of Fauberge, Etienne has known that he was unwor-
thy in God's eyes. Sin was all around him. It lay in the
greed of the miller who kept more than his portion of the
grain, the lust of the lord who coveted a peasant girl as a
plaything and the sloth of the priest who couldn't be
bothered to wake from his drunken sleep to say the
morning Mass. Was not Etienne himself born of his
parents' lust and condemned for their act of Original Sin?

With the weight of his and all the world's evil on his
back, Etienne attended Church twice a day, every day,
spending hours in prayer, begging forgiveness. It was only
in prayer that he could find joy and passion, even if it
meant another beating with his father's knout for laziness.
The blood and pain became his gift to God, an offering to
expiate even a small portion of his sins. His father's
greatest torture was preventing Etienne from taking ton-
sure ina monastery and dedicated himself to prayer alone.

When a preacher arrived in Fauberge with news of
Pope Urban II's call to crusade, Etienne was beside himself
with joy. Here was the chance to do a great work in God's
name in return for the forgiveness of sin and a guarantee of
Heaven. Over his father's objections, he enlisted as a man-
at-arms in his lord's service and sailed with the army to the
Holy Land in 1095.

What he saw there shook his faith to the core. The
army was there at the command of the pope to free the
land of Jesus from the grip of the infidel. The priests had
said that the end of the world was nigh and that there
wasn't much time. On the way to the Levant, he saw
drunkenness and whoring and other forms of sin, but he
thought the purposes of the crusade pure and virtuous in


its end. But, when Antioch fell in 1099 and the army fell
to raping, looting and murder, he was aghast. The crusad-
ers were doing not God's work, but the Devil's. The
magnitude of the evil wrought by the crusaders nearly
drove Etienne mad.

The evening of the city's fall, Etienne tried to stop
some Pisan soldiers as they robbed the house of a Jewish
merchant. He chastised them for their faithlessness and
called them back to God's service, but their answer was to
strike him down and beat him until he could stand no
more. There, as if to make a mockery of all he believed,
they slit the throats of the Jew and his family one by one,
forcing Etienne to watch. Laughing, they left him amidst
the corpses.

AsEtienne weptand begged God's forgiveness, astranger
offered him cool water and helped him bury the dead and
prayed over them with him. This man, an Armenian calling
himself Varsik, spoke to him of God, piety and the coming
Apocalypse. When Etienne wanted to know more, Varsik
said that they would speak again over the coming nights.
And they did, the Armenian telling him of the true history
of the world, God's plan and Etienne's role in it. Eventually,
asthe winter wind blew cold from the north, Varsik revealed
his true nature and offered Etienne a chance to do God's
workasan immortal. Withoutamoment'shesitation, Etienne
accepted the Embrace.

It was in the following years that Etienne discovered
Varsik's plans for him, for he brought him to the city of
Acre in 1120, which no Cainite had entered for over a
thousand years. Convinced that Etienne's piety would let
him pass the aura and recover the fragment of the True
Cross reputed to be in its walls, Varsik ordered his childe to
pass the gate. But the sin of his Cainite blood betrayed him,
and Etienne could get no farther than the threshold of the
gate before the pain became too great and the flames broke
out on his arms. He was judged and found wanting.

Varsik still had a use for Etienne, though. He was
fascinated with the mystery of Acre, so Varsik told him to
claim it as his princedom. No other Cainite had done so,
so none would contest him. There, Etienne could watch
the city and guard against any others recovering the
artifact. Meanwhile, he would devote himself to penance
and prayer, preparing himself for the day when he could
overcome the aura and recover the relic for Varsik.

But the century since has eroded Etienne's faith —
not in God, but in Varsik. The Apocalypse may be
coming as Varsik's sire, Bashir, taught, but to put the relic
in the hands of someone as profane as Varsik cold not be
God's will. Instead, Etienne has temporized, reporting no
progress in his attempts to pass the aura. He has taken a
page from his sire and become an information-broker,
offering shelter to vampires in need, be they Muslim,

Christian or Jewish. He has used the years of truce to build
up contacts with the Cainites of Syria, and he now enjoys
substantial influence there.

Image: Etienne is tall, but thickly built. His dark hair
is cut close, and his eyes often seem distracted by other
thoughts or other sights. He rarely wears his armor, now
over acentury out of date, but instead dresses in the rough
cloth of the pilgrim or penitent, his feet bare.

Roleplaying Hints: You have beena warrior, but that
was not what was truly in your heart. Your only desire had
been to serve God and cleanse yourself of sin in readiness
for the Apocalypse that you knew was not long away. But
now you see that you have sinned by becoming a vampire;
that you are farther from God than you have ever been.
And, no matter how close your fellow Bashirites say it is,
the Apocalypse seems no closer. As a consequence, you
are no longer anxious to solve the mystery of the aura. All
will be revealed in God's time. Instead, you have found
that you enjoy the role of information-dealer, and you are
not ready to give up the contacts you have made.

Haven: Etienne's haven is an ancient caravansary
just beyond the radius of the aura's effect. When the aura
vanishes, he still does not feel worthy to enter the city, so
he stays there.

Secrets: Etienne's extensive contacts in the Second
Kingdom make him privy to many of the goings on there.
He trades information with the Muslim agitator Hanifa
bint Nasir, since both share a great distaste for those who
sin in the name of God. He gives her the names of
Christian Cainites who target Muslims, and she tells him
of Muslim vampires who are too fond of Christian pain.
Were elders on either side to discover this arrangement,
it would be disastrous.

Influence: Etienne has influence by virtue of being
the prince of Acre and the childe of Varsik, although it is
not as great as one would think. Varsik is growing more
and more displeased with him, and a prince who cannot
enter his own city cannot command much respect, no
matter how pious he is. Behind his back, the vampires of
the area refer to Etienne as "the Prince of Dirt." Some
devout Christian vampires have a better opinion of
Etienne, respecting his ability to remain in proximity to
the city that they cannot enter.

Destiny: Assuming that the events of Ashes of
Outremer come to pass, Etienne remains as prince of
Acre and becomes the vassal of Lord Jiirgen. When the
Arabs retake the city in 1291, his contacts among the
Muslim vampires help him retain his title: In return, he
converts to Islam. He survives the vagaries of war and
invasion and remains prince of the modern Israeli city of
Akko to this night, disguised as a pious Muslim beggar on
the city's outskirts.

DRAMATIS PERSONHE


Clan: Ravnos

Sire: Varsik

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Celebrant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1099 CE

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Intimidation 1, Larceny 1, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 3,
Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Law 1, Linguistics 3, Occult
2, Politics 3, Seneschal 3, Theology 2

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Chimerstry 2, Fortitude 5
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Influence 3, Re-
sources 4, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Road: Heaven 6

Willpower: 7

ILAS THE JUGGLER, CourTLY
NNTERTAINER

(appears in Shadows at Court)

Background: Silas was born into a family of artists
and entertainers. Enjoying the time he traveled, Silas
matured quickly, learning how best to survive in the
world as a wanderer. Eventually, his skills surpassed that
of his family and friends, and although he loved them
dearly, he knew that it was time for him to join another
troupe. Solitary for a few months, Silas traveled through-
out Western Europe gaining an audience of nobles.
Eventually, the juggler's reputation proceeded him and
his skill came to the attention of a prestigious group of
entertainers who performed for kings and queens. After
observing his skill, the elite band offered him a position,
which he accepted gladly.

For years, Silas traveled with his companions. The
more he performed, the more he perfected his art. One
night after a performance, Silas accidentally stumbled
upon a theft ata French baron's court. Initially, Silas
horrified, and he planned on revealing the thieves to his
patron. Upon discovering that the robbers were none
other than his fellow performers, Silas was stunned. The
juggler was even more shocked to learn that his compan-
ions were strangely bound to a mysterious woman whom
they called Tropaz. As the thieves prepared to turn
against Silas, Tropaz made her appearance and ordered
that they leave Silas unharmed.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

Silas realized that the woman controlled the enter-
tainers like servants. Without him knowing it, Tropaz had
put Silas through a series of tests, all of which he had
passed. Claiming that he was a kindred spirit, Tropaz
offered the juggler a chance to experience the powers at
her disposal, and eternal life. Silas accepted after some
consideration, and Tropaz proceeded to Embrace him.

He adjusted to his unlife with remarkable speed.
After a few years, he became Tropaz's most loyal retainer.
She even trusted him to form a small troupe of his own.
Gathering two Ravnos comrades and a few kine servants,
Silas headed north to pursue new avenues of conquest and
rob larger coffers.

Image: To facilitate his deception, Silas often wears
garish clothes and accessories, masking his identity. Upon
first impression, one would not think Silas was a masterful
thief. When presented with an opportunity to perform at
Lord Jiirgen's court in Magdeburg, Silas eagerly accepts.
Little does the trickster suspect that he will become the
victim of a mischievous ruse, greater than his own.

Roleplaying Hints: Your eternal sin is a delicious
greed, just as it is your sire's, and you hunger for more and
more precious items. But it is the taking that enthralls
you, not the having. Once you have stolen something, it
becomes little more than a trinket. You know full well
that part of the reason your sire let you form your own


troupe was to prevent the two of you from coming into
conflict by stealing from one another.

Haven: Silas travels in a series of small carts and
wagons. His is well protected against sunlight and solid
enough to withstand long trips over hard roads. The
ghouls and other servants in his troupe protect him during
the day.

Secrets: Most of all, Silas knows the fate of many an
heirloom that has disappeared from vampiric and mortal
court in Northern Europe. He has also uncovered sev-
eral small conspiracies, trysts and intrigues while going
through noble possessions, but these do not interest him
overmuch.

Influence: Playing in Brittany, France and the Low
Countries, Silas and his troupe have gained audiences
within kine and Cainite courts. Unbeknownst to their
benefactors, they rob their hosts with equal parts subtlety
and glee.

Destiny: Despite his close call in Magdeburg, Silas
continues to roam the courts of Europe and feed his Beast
with theft. When he starts indulging urges to steal from
churches and cathedrals, however, he bites off more than
he can chew. The Inquisition catches up with him in the
1240s, and he meets his doom the next dawn.

Clan: Ravnos

Sire: Tropaz

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Jester

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1108

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Larceny 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 2, Melee 2, Performance 3,
Ride 1, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Investigation 3, Lin-
guistics 2

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 1, Chimerstry 4,
Fortitude 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 2, Mentor 3, Resources
1, Retainers 2

Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 3
Road: Paradox 5

Willpower: 4

TTOREADOR

ROSAMOND OF ISLINGTON, ARTISAN
Rosk

(appears in Shadows at Court)

8th generation, childe of Isouda de Blaise

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Gallant

Embrace: 1189

Apparent Age: Late teens

Rosamund of Islington has learned her elders' lessons
— true power rests not with the blade, but with beauty and
the cunning to use it. This motto embodies Rosamund,
who, although she seems as delicate as a flower, is as hard
and sharp as a steel blade. Freshly released from tutelage
under her beloved sire, Isouda de Blaise (one of the so-
called Queens of Love who oversee Cainite society in
France), Rosamund is ready for the challenges of courtly
existence. Isouda shares this enthusiasm, and she has
made Rosamund an envoy to the new court of Lord Jiirgen
in Magdeburg.

The young Artisan is certain that kings rarely hold true
power. Rather, Rosamund believes that one must look toa
tuler's retainers to find it. Having already succeeded at
several courtly games that Isouda prepared as challenges,


Rosamund has her eyes on a far greater conquest: Lord
Jurgen himself.

Before any other Western court, Isoudaand Rosamund
received an invitation to celebrate the establishment of
Lord Jiirgen's court in Magdeburg. This invitation pre-
sented Rosamund with the ideal opportunity to begin her
seduction. Rosamund prepared by ordering the creation
of a symbol of the Ventrue-Toreador alliance. This gift, a
sword made of the finest metal and adorned with the most
precious jewels, was inlaid with Ventrue, Toreador and
Teutonic crests. Rosamund then sent warning that the
Courts of Love would present Jiirgen with a great gift, a
sign of their esteem. Pleased to receive such news, Lord
Jiirgen prepared a special place at his side for Rosamund.

Aiding Rosamund's schemes is her beauty. The stately
envoy is a stunning creature with long, flowing red hair.
Isouda's Embrace caught Rosamund in the intoxicating
transitional time of early womanhood, making her eter-
nally young and enticing. Typically, she wears robes that
perfectly match her bewitching emerald eyes. Rosamund
has charmed several of Jiirgen's knights, who whisper to
Jiirgen of Rosamund's loyal intentions. Lord Jiirgen is not
blind to the workings of the Toreador in courtly decep-
tions. Still, in a time of war, Jiirgen needs all the allies he
can muster. Additionally, even though he has doubts
about the Courts of Love's intentions, he does not con-
sider the young Rosamund to be a threat. She knows that
he underestimates her, and she is determined to use it to
her advantage.

Despite her skill, Rosamund is still young to unlife. She
allows her attendant Lucius to traffic with Usurpers, think-
ing to use themas part of her manipulations. Unfortunately,
Jervais uses this connection to undermine the bond be-
tween the Courts of Love and Lord Jiirgen, if only
temporarily. This treachery stalls Rosamund's efforts to
win Jiirgen's affections. More seriously, however, Rosamund
discovers in Magdeburg that attraction rarely works one
way. Jiirgen is a magnificent specimen of Patrician chiv-
alry: proud, strong, noble, beautiful and steadfast. The
more time she spends in his presence, the less clear the line
between seducer and seductee become. So strong is Jiirgen's
presence, that it stirs the intoxicating glimmer of life
within Rosamund that is her Toreador heritage.

TREMERE

Alexia oF Nicosia, UsuRPER AND
RESEARCHER

(Appears in Shadows at Court and Ashes of
Outremer)

Background: The daughter of a scholar's widow on
the island of Cyprus, Alexia Mavromatis grew up among
the books that her father left behind when the plague
claimed him. A kindly priest for whom her mother

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

cooked and laundered had taught her to read, and she
taught herself languages as she grew older so that she could
read the mustiest and most worm-ridden scrolls. Within
her father's library, she found knowledge that she knew
would be called blasphemy: astrology, the orders of angels
and demons, dark magics from the time before the Savior.
To her knowledge, her father had never made use of this
forbidden lore, but she could not resist. Knowing that her
mother would tell the priests if she found out what was in
the books and that the priests would burn them, Alexia
stole what little gold her mother had and fled in the middle
of the night with the most valuable books.

She traveled to the west of the island, where she
planned to meet a scholar named Vatatzes, who had
corresponded with her father occasionally. Arriving at his
house in the evening, she learned to her joy that he was
more than a scholar, he was a sorcerer! In return for the
books and scrolls she offered, he agreed to make her his
apprentice. He was harsh in some ways, Vatatzes was, but
frustratingly slow at other times. At first, Alexia was
happy to be learning the simplest of workings or arcane
secrets, but soon her hunger for forbidden knowledge far
outpaced her mentor's teachings. But what could she do?

Herstudies continued this way forseven years. Vatatzes
demanded absolute obedience and occasionally dropped

a crumb of knowledge, until one evening when he sum-
moned Alexia to his study. She had done well, he said, and
she would accompany him ona journey. After many years

of isolation, he said, he had received word from the
European sorcerers who had trained him, the magi of
House Tremere, that he was being summoned to their
high chantry in the mountains of Hungary. She, as his
apprentice, would attend him.

When they arrived at Ceoris, she knew immediately
that there was a power there that her teacher did not
understand. She noted that the elite of the chantry moved
at night and had the dark power of predators about them.
When the vis-master, Jervais, summoned them to his
chambers and revealed the secret of Tremere vampirism,
Vatatzes was shocked and repulsed. Alexia was intoxi-
cated. She grabbed a ceremonial knife and plunged it into
her teacher's back. Jervais smiled at the treachery and
welcomed Alexia into the dark elite of House Tremere.

After a period of training at his side, Jervais tasked
Alexia with returning to Cyprus to revive the Tremere
chantry that her erstwhile teacher had let collapse while he
pursued some esoteric research. Heading south with two
other freshly released Tremere, and under a blood oath to
her sire, she set about her work. The early years were
difficult, and she had to engineer the destruction of one of
her fellows, but by the 1190s she had established a small
chantry with herself as its mistress. She became fascinated
by stories of the mystic aura around Acre, and she used
Cyprus' connection to the Second Kingdom to send agents


chivalric Order of Cyprus to help in that work.

When he became an ambassador at large for Ceoris,
Jervais called Alexia to his side to serve as his aide. She
accepted her duty despite fears that she would lose her
chantry. As part of his agenda, Jervais even had Alexia
manipulate the hapless Caitiff Albin.

After the events in Shadows at Court, Alexia finds
herself banished from Lord Jiirgen's lands, something she
greatly dislikes. When one moves about the circles of the
various chivalric orders of the Holy Land, it is not a good
idea to antagonize the Ventrue lord of the Teutonic
Knights. Jervais sends Alexia back to Cyprus, and she is
glad. By the time of Ashes of Outremer, she hopes to take
advantage of the Fifth Crusade to learn more about Acre
and perhaps regain standing with Lord Jiirgen.

Image: Alexia is of medium height and build, with
dark brown hair coiled tightly atop her head. She dresses
in plain but serviceable clothes brought from Cyprus, and
she is never without writing brushes and inks. Her fingers
are perpetually stained from taking notes.

Roleplaying Hints: Thaumaturgy and the other dark
powers of the Tremere are a boon to you, so much better
than being a weak orphan surrounded by foolish priests.

You cannot see the sun again, but what loss it that? Jervais
has brought you into a dark world that suits you just fine,
and you are more than willing to do what it takes to
eliminate any obstacles in your way.

Haven: Alexia's chantry in Nicosia is her main
haven, but she stays with Jervais in Magdeburg and at
Prince Etienne's caravansary in Acre. When the city's
holy aura falls, she moves into Acre proper and takes
residence in the house of a minor merchant, whom she
makes her thrall.

Secrets: By the time of Ashes of Outremer, Alexia's
blood oath to Jervais has lost its power, destroyed by time
spent apart and what Alexia feels is her sire's foolish
misuse of her talents in Magdeburg. She still respects her
mentor and sire, but her loyalty is no longer absolute, and
she has become skilled at false obeisance in order to
convince him that the oath is still in force.

Influence: Alexia has a small clutch of Tremere ap-
prentices in her chantry and several thralls within the
chivalric Order of Cyprus. She is quick to establish addi-
tional mortal catspaws in Acre when the city opens up.

Destiny: If she survives the events of Under the
Black Cross, Alexia matures into a true Tremere survi-
vor. In the late 20th century, she masquerades as a
researcher at the University of Milan.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Jervais

Nature: Pedagogue

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1155

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Expression 2, Intimida-
tion 2, Larceny 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Herbalism 4, Melee 1, Ride
2, Stealth 1, Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 5, Hearth Wisdom 3, Investiga-
tion 3, Law 2, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2, Occult 4,
Seneschal 1, Theology 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 1, Thaumaturgy 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 2, Mentor
4, Resources 4, Retainers 1, Status 2 (among Tremere)
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Humanity 6

Willpower: 6


JERVAIS BANI TREMERE, ENVOY OF
CEORIS

(appears in Shadows at Court and A Call to Arms)

7th generation, childe of Malgorzata, walker on the
Road of the Devil

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Tyrant

Embrace: 1102

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Born in France, Jervais was determined not to follow
in his father's footsteps as a scribe for nobility. When a
magus sensed his talent to manipulate sorcery, Jervais
began learning the Tremere's ways. Eventually, he be-
came a servant of Malgorzata, who was then a ghoul. Five
years after she was Embraced, Jervais' sire granted him his
fondest wish by turning him into a vampire.

An avid student of the magical arts, Jervais became
one of the Tremere's authorities on the magical element
called vis. Jervais' knowledge and cache of vis made him
enemies but he also gained power. Eventually, he gradu-
ated to the post of vis-master of Ceoris, a position that
allowed him to secure a foothold among the Tremere.
Jervais currently works as an envoy for his clan, and his
task is to foster alliances that will support the Tremere
against Tzimisce "persecution."

Jervais had heard reports of Lord Jiirgen and his ambi-
tions for Transylvania when he skulked in the Tremere
stronghold of Ceoris. Indeed, the great chantry is very
nearby the lands that are claimed by the Teutonic Knights
in 1212, and Jiirgen had placed a vampiric vanguard in the
area as early as the late 1190s. Jiirgen thus made a logical
Ventrue to approach with ideas of an alliance against the
Tzimisce. When Jervais learned of Jiirgen's upcoming
instatement in Magdeburg, he quickly took steps to gain
access to the city. Using agents, Jervais learned of the
existence of a Caitiff named Albin, who was unhappily
bound to the Ventrue lord. Albin was eager to deal with the
Tremere if they promised to help him break free of Jiirgen.
Jervais considered how to use the Caitiff to his advantage.
Should he betray the Caitiffto Jiirgen and gain the Ventrue's
favor, or should he use the poisonous seed to fool Jiirgen
into an alliance?

An idea came to Jervais when he learned that a
delegation of Toreador envoys was to come to Magdeburg
with a gift. This prize, a sword, was meant to officially
consolidate Jiirgen's alliance with the Courts of Love.
With this union guaranteed, Jervais sensed that it would
be more difficult to gain Jiirgen's ear. A sure way to
encourage Jiirgen to consider a Tremere-Ventrue alli-
ance would be to undermine the Toreador's presence.
Thus Jervais devised a plan to order the fabrication of a
fake sword, and, with the help of Albin, replace it with
the real broadsword.

UNDER _THE BLACK CROSS

Jervais has used his status as an ambassador to gain
access to Jiirgen's instatement. Once he has sown discord in
Magdeburg's court, he is convinced that Jiirgen will con-
sider an alliance.

TZIMISCE

Kara ViAszy Lupesca, FIENDISH
KNIGHT

(Appears throughout Under the Black Cross)

Background: The only daughter of Ezbeth, a seduc-
tress of the Vlaszy revenant family, and the Slav warlord
Nikolai Lupescu, Kara was born to fiendish greatness. As
she felt the dark blood of her mother's line form within
her, Kara took the blood oath to Vladimir Rustovitch, at
the time an ambitious boyar on the frontier between
Eastern and Western Hungary. She spent decades as his
servant, learning the arts of war and courtly games with
equal fervor. Like her mother before her, she faced off
against agents of the Arpad Ventrue, luring some into
accords that cost them their domains, and facing others
on the field of battle. By the time Rustovitch granted her
the Embrace, she was already a force to be reckoned with.

For the last century, Kara has served as her sire's main
diplomatic envoy outside the voivodate. Of Magyar stock and
well-versed in the ways of Christian chivalry, Karacan move
through the courts of Western Cainites with little trouble.
Much of the Vlaszy family is loyal to her, and they provide
cadres of knights and clutches of courtiers that serve her well
and parrot her suggestions to mortal dukes and kings. Rumor
even has it that Kara engineered the kidnapping of Nova
Arpad in the 1190s, which weakened the Ventrue position
in Transylvania.

With the arrival of Lord Jiirgen and his Teutonic
catspaws, Kara becomes her sire's principle agent in all
things diplomatic. She responds to the Ventrue's back-
handed invitation to Magdeburg, and it is she who enacts
the ceremonial declaration of war between Jiirgen and
Rustovitch. During the Fifth Crusade, she travels to the
Second Kingdom to counter Jiirgen's agents. Throughout,
her greatest rival isthe Ventrue Baron von Achern, and she
longs to bring him low.

Image: Already beautiful at birth, her sire's
fleshcrafting made Kara a stunning combination of sen-
suality and strength. She dresses as a knight among her
own kind and as a noble woman if she needs to move
among mortals.

Roleplaying Hints: You are of noble stock, and
comport yourself as a warrior-queen or lady knight at all
times. Let other Tzimisce cackle like debased fools, you
will do what is necessary and rule as you were made to. Be
cruel when it serves your purposes; be kind when you
must; be true to yourself and your lord at all times.


Haven: In Hungary, Kara lairs in extensive Vlaszy
estates along the Danube. In Acre, she makes her haven
in the caravansary until Acre opens. Then she finds
shelter in asmall house near the hospice of the Hospitaler
Order at the north end of the city.

Secrets: Kara knows of many of her sire's intrigues in
Hungary and elsewhere, since she enacts most of them.

Influence: Among the traditional Tzimisce of
the Carpathians, Kara's influence is limited to carry-
ing her sire's authority with her. She is a Magyar and
thus an invader as far as many of the Romanians are
concerned. Among the Vlaszy family, her authority is
nearly absolute, however, and she has agents among
all the mortal courts of western Hungary — including
that of King Andrew.

Destiny: Assuming she survives the events of Under
the Black Cross, Kara continues to fight by Rustovitch's
side for many years. When the Tzimisce clan tears itself
apart, she joins her master in the Sabbat. Eventually she
is trapped by Lupines in Wallachia and torn to shreds.
Clan: Tzimisce
Sire: Vladimir Rustovitch
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Gallant
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 975
Apparent Age: mid-30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 3, Etiquette 3, Melee 4,
Ride 4, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Hearth Wisdom 2, Linguis-
tics 2, Politics 4, Seneschal 2
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Po-
tence 3, Presence 4, Vicissitude 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Herd 5, Influence 4,
Mentor 5, Resources 4, Retainers 5, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Road: Chivalry 6
Willpower: 8

ViapmMir Rustovitcu, VoIvoDE OF
VoIVODES
(appears in A Call to Arms)
6th generation, childe of Kosczecsyku
Nature: Plotter
Demeanor: Traditionalist
Embrace: 876

Apparent Age: late 30s

Voivode Vladimir Rustovitch epitomizes every
Tzimisce strength. The tyrant is a brilliant strategist,
able to command armies to do his bidding while simul-
taneously overseeing his retainers. Vladimir is a true
leader, as comfortable wielding a sword as he is using
political power. Though he prefers overt signs of author-
ity, Vladimir is also an able manipulator when the
situation calls for subtlety.

Vladimir carved out a dominion for himself nestled
between western Hungary and Transylvania proper, using
equal parts fear and strategy as his tools. Although he is
hardly the eldest Fiend in the land, he has risen to become
the voivodate's overall military strategist in these times of
war and the undisputed lord of a large fiefdom of his own.
He wears the title of "voivode of voivodes" with pride and sees
himself as the temporal counterpart to Yorak, the
Methuselah high priest of the Cathedral of Flesh. But
Rustovitch has cultivated his share of enemies. His rise has
displaced many of his elders, and the Tzimisce are not
known to forgive slights.

If his rise to power was a testament to his tactical
genius, the fact that he has remained there for several
decades is a testament to his understanding of the power of
intrigues. Beyond his armies, Rustovitch has spies scattered
across Europe. Even the Obertus of Byzantium, among

DRAMATIS PERSONHE


them Myca Vykos, have provided information to him, and
he for one is ready to put the ancient Obertus-Carpathian
feud behind the clan.

The major chink in Rustovitch's armor, however, is
the Tremere. Before he assumed leadership, he was one of
the sole voivodes who seemed able to push the blood-
sorcerers back. Now, that effort has stalled over the last
decades. Ceoris still stands, and the Tremere get stronger
every year. And while he struggles with the Usurpers,
Vladimir has to watch his "friends" carefully. He knows
that any number of voivodes can challenge him at an
opportune moment. Under these circumstances,
Rustovitch can ill afford a prolonged conflict with the
Jiirgen's forces in Southern Transylvania.

Fortunately, Rustovitch believes that he can work
several factors to his advantage. He has his own agents
among the mortal nobles who have invited the Germans
into Hungary, for one thing. For another, he has a long-
standing truce with the Gangrel in the region. By revealing
the Ventrue lord's ambitions, he believes that he can use
them to weaken Jiirgen's defenses. He can then deliver a
deadly blow to his weakened opponent.

Myca Vyxos

(appears in Shadows at Court and A Call to Arms)

7th generation, childe of Symeon

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Architect

Embrace: 1002

Apparent Age: mid-20s

With Constantinople's tragic fall, Myca Vykos
fled his adoptive city determined to forge a path of
conquest. Rather than start anew, Vykos works reso-
lutely to revive Constantinople's vampiric splendor,
acting as the major agent of the enigmatic Tzimisce
Methuselah known as the Dracon. To this end, Vykos
travels with his sire Symeon, hoping to establish anew
arbor to cultivate his power. Recently, he has set his
fiendish sight on a small portion of Transylvania.

Myca Vykos has spies scattered throughout southern
Europe upon whom he can call to move with the speed of
the wind. With eyes and ears virtually in every major
European city, Vykos learned of Lord Jiirgen's plans to
establish his court in Magdeburg and challenge Vladimir
Rustovitch's claim over eastern Hungary. On the Tzimisce
side of the equation, he learned that Rustovitch was
experiencing difficulties at home. In light of his inability
to dispose of the Tremere, some of Rustovitch's
Transylvanian compatriots were whispering accusations
of incompetence. Noriz, a lecherous Transylvanian Fiend,
planned on usurping Rustovitch's power at the first op-
portunity. Although he is certainly no friend of Jiirgen or

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

the treacherous Tremere sorcerers, Vykos saw this as a
chance to capitalize on Vladimir's misfortune.

Myca Vykos studied Lord Jiirgen and came to the
conclusion that he could not beat Rustovitch on the
Fiend's home turf. His ability to remain in Hungary would
depend on too many factors: the weakness of the local
rivals, the support of the mortal king of Hungary for the
Teutonic Knights, the continued influx of German set-
tlers into the region, the quiescence of the Tremere and
many more. Eventually, Vykos reasoned, Rustovitch would
erode one or more of these necessary supports, and then
Jiirgen would need a solution. Vykos hopes to provide that
solution and help himself to a Transylvanian fiefdom.

Thanks to his ties with the Dracon and the Obertus,
Myca Vykos enjoysa certain immunity. He moves through
territories privy only to the eldest Cainites because none
think it worth risking the ire of his patron. Vykos travels
by little-known routes and secret paths that yield entry to
the most secure fortresses.

Vykos is cunning and patient. He is enlightened to the
powers of deception and the folly of savagery. Vykos recog-
nizes the power of brute force under certain circumstances,
buthe knows that it can achieve little but destruction. In the
case of Hungary, Vykos is convinced that deception is the
course to stay. He will bide his time, and, like a viper, strike
a deadly blow at the apex of opportunity.


‘VENTRUE

DiETER, COUNT VON KARLACH
(Appears in Ashes of Outremer)
7th generation, childe of Wulfram

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Tyrant

Embrace: 965

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Dieter sprang from obscure origins. He claimed that
his father was a huntsman in Franconia, but no one was
able to establish the truth of that — after a while, no one
cared. On the battlefields of first the Liudolfing and then
the Ottonian armies, he distinguished himself for his
ferocity in battle. His rage on the field knew no bounds.
In the personal guard of Otto I on the field of Lechfeld in
AD 955, he stood against a dozen Magyar horsemen as
they tried to capture the Imperial standard. In the end, he
stood drenched in blood, surrounded by a dozen Magyar
corpses. His bravery earned him ennoblement, and Otto
himself awarded Dieter the county of Karlach, in the
Austrian realm of Styria.

It was in his battles and early in his reign that the
Ventrue took notice of Dieter. Upon taking his throne,
he hung every tenth male in his fief to establish his
authority. In his first 10 years, he raided against the
Magyars continually, ignoring Otto's peace treaty with
them. One evening, a knight called at his tower, claiming
to be a Saxon noble. This stranger, Wulfram of Esseling,
claimed to represent an order of the Empire's true rulers,
those who built order with the sword and preserved it. He
offered Dietera place in the order but declared that Dieter
must earn it first. Before Dieter could question or answer,
Wulfram drew his sword and attacked. The battle was
furious, and it lasted for what seemed an eternity, but the
mortal eventually grew tired, his guard slipped, and
Wulfram's sword plunged through his breast. As blood
bubbled on his lips and his life drained away, Dieter heard
Wulfram say, "You have passed the test, for none have
withstood me so. Welcome, childe and vassal."

Dieter abandoned his fief in AD 999, when his
ageless physique became the subject of gossip that was
reaching Church ears. He became a wandering knight,
serving in armies where needed: in the east against the
Slavs, in the south against the Italians and in the north
against the Danes. But the glee he showed in indiscrimi-
nate slaughter troubled his elders, for many of his actions
went against the Ventrue ideal. They favored Hardestadt's
childe Jiirgen and held him up as a standard: It was
inevitable that Dieter would come to hate him. At the
time of the Fifth Crusade, he joins the forces of Duke
Leopold of Austria just to have the chance to foil any
schemes that Jiirgen may be hatching in the Holy Land.

BARON HEINRICH VON ACHERN

(appears in Shadows at Court and Ashes of
Outremer)

Background: Heinrich Oswald was the younger son
of the baron of Achern, in Eastphalia near Magdeburg. As
the younger son, he was not in line to inherit his father's
territories, so his early years were spent in training for the
priesthood at the royal capital, Aix-la-Chapelle (Aachen,
in German). There he was schooled in the classics and the
history of those who ruled and conquered: Julius Caesar
and the Emperors Trajan, Constantine and Justinian. His
studies of the latter impressed on him the hand-in-glove
relationship between religion and state. The Church
provides divine sanction to the ruler and reminds the
tuled of their place, while the nobility is the leading edge
of the Church's growth when missionaries aren't enough.

But Heinrich's expectations for his life were reversed
when his brother, Ottokar, was killed in a border clash
with pagan Slavs. Now he was the heir and would rule,
instead of supporting Ottokar as planned. He was knighted
and taught the ways of war, for which he showed a natural
talent. With Magdeburg as the center, Emperors Henry
II and Henry IV launched campaigns and raids east
against the pagan Prussians. Heinrich was often in the
forefront, taking his duty to spread civilization and Chris-
tianity as a sacred quest. After his father's death, he ruled
his barony with an equal devotion, wanting it to be a
shining example to the rest of the empire.

To meet these lofty goals, Heinrich used cruelty as an
educational tool. When a man of his fief committed
murder, five were hung. When the grain harvest was
short, he took his portion and left less for the peasants —
for if he starved, who would defend the land?

In war, his ways were no less brutal. When a Slavic
army finally surrendered after a long resistance, Heinrich
drew upon the classics he had read and had all the males
blinded, save for one whom he allowed to lead the rest
back to their villages as a lesson. To Heinrich's mind, he
had shown them mercy by letting them live at all and
refraining from killing their families. It was this career of
harsh rule in defense of civilization that brought him to
the notice of the Ventrue.

The Embrace came in the fall of 1090, when Heinrich
and his men were ambushed by a large Slavic war band.
Separated from his command in the fog, he was shot off his
horse by an arrow. When he awoke, it was to the searing
pain of a knife as it peeled the flesh from his chest. He
endured torture for a full day as the Slavs took their
revenge, then left him tied to a tree in one of their sacred
groves, a sacrifice to their hated gods. As the last dregs of
life left him that night, a voice whispered in his ear,
promising him life eternal, a chance to fulfill his mission,
if he would only swear loyalty. "Will you?" Through split

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


lips caked with dried blood, Heinrich swore and was

Embraced by his new lord, Jiirgen.

The many years since have been a time of learning for
Heinrich, as he adjusts to his new existence in the night.
His estates were left to his family, and he devoted himself
to Lord Jiirgen's service as his loyal vassal and agent.
When the Teutonic Knights were formed in 1197 during
the German Crusade, Lord Jiirgen used Lucretia von
Hartz as his main catspaw to control the order, but
Heinrich was to wear the black cross as well. More
importantly, however, Heinrich was sent to Hungary to
whisper in the courts of the mortal kings. The Arpad
Ventrue had botched matters, and von Achern's drive
and willingness to do anything to win made him perfect
to slip into the place that they had left vacant.

Image: A powerful knight, Heinrich is short, but
barrel-chested. His black hair is in a bowl cut, streaked
with iron-gray. Scars cover his body from battle and
torture, and his nose has been broken at least twice. He
rarely smiles, and he has a gaze that makes him look as if
he is always sizing-up an opponent.

Roleplaying Hints: Civilization fell when Rome
grew weak. It is up to the Germans to rebuild it, and they
will do it through spreading order and Christianity — by
example if possible, by sword and fire if necessary. And
the Ventrue are the natural leaders of this effort, even if
they must lead from the shadows.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

Haven: Heinrich rests in a crypt outside the royal
Hungarian city of Esztergom when he is at home and in
various Teutonic commanderies when he travels. When he
travels to the Second Kingdom during the Fifth Crusade, he
rests first in the caravansary of Etienne de Fauberge, then
later beneath a house near the Tower of St. Nicholas in
Acre itself.

Secrets: Heinrich knows much about the mortal
intrigues of King Andrew of Hungary's court. He thinks
he knows more than he actually does about the Arpad
Ventrue and the Vlaszy knights of the Tzimisce, other
players at court. |

Influence: Among Ventrue, Heinrich has the influ-
ence of his sire to rely upon, which is no small thing. In
Hungary, he has agents within the royal court and that
gives him even more sway. He also serves as the
Ordensmarschall of the Order of the Black Cross.

Destiny: Unless the characters manage to save him,
Heinrich's fate is sealed during Ashes of Outremer.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Lord Jiirgen

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1090

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Archery 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 3,
Ride 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Hearth Wisdom 2, Law 2,
Linguistics 2, Politics 4, Seneschal 2, Theology 2

Disciplines: Dominate 4, Presence 4, Fortitude 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 5, Re-
sources 3, Retainers 4, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Road: Chivalry 6

Willpower: 7

Lorp JaRGEN, THE SWORD-BEARER
(Appears throughout Under the Black Cross)
6th generation, childe of Hardestadt
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Tyrant
Embrace: 989
Apparent Age: mid-30s

Jiirgen was born into nobility, and he dreamed of
becoming a king. Possessing a striking presence and a


cunning intellect to match his looks, his ambition sur-
passed that of all of his peers. He dreamed of conquests,
and these portentous visions only grew with age. The
more Jiirgen saw and learned, the more he hungered. In
his quest to acquire titles, Jéirgen warred with neighboring
lords. To the surprise of many observers, the young Jiirgen
was more than a match for his opponents. Skilled at court
and daring on the battlefield, he was the perfect blend of
brutality and honor. After each success, Jiirgen only
sought greater challenges. Rapidly, the young Jiirgen
came to the attention of a very different lord — one
named Hardestadt.

In Jiirgen's eyes, the Ventrue magnate saw the flames
of ambition — stronger in this kine than in many of his
loyal Cainite subjects. As a test, Hardestadt introduced
him to the world of endless dark, and power beyond his
mortal imaginings. Despite what he had just learned,
Jiirgen was unfazed. Rather he was fearless, aroused by the
prospects of eternal life and limitless power. Finally,
Jiirgen had an opportunity to spar among equals.
Hardestadt was so impressed by Jtirgen's cavalier de-
meanor that he chose to Embrace him. Rapidly, Jiirgen
became Hardestadt's prodigy. The neonate's wit was
Hardestadt's asset, allowing him to broaden his already
considerable empire.

After years of loyal service, it was only natural that
Jiirgen would tire of subservience. With some limitations
anda guarantee of fealty, Hardestadtallowed Jiirgen to found
adark empire of his own. Lord Jiirgen sharpened his skills as

a warrior and leader in the coldest and most remote regions
of the Holy Roman Empire. Since then, Jiirgen has looked for
ways to expand his power. Much of the western portion of the
Empire is already a warren of Ventrue domains, many of
which swear fealty to Hardestadt. To expand his power,
Jiirgen had to look east.

He had spent time on crusade as Hardestadt's agent
and learned two things in the Holy Land: the power of the
military orders, and the difficulty of holding domain in
the Levant. Therefore, when he had established himself
as a vassal lord, he kept his eyes open for opportunities to
use the crusading spirit in the more fertile territory of the
empire's eastern frontier. The birth of the Teutonic Or-
der, although not of his doing, provided him with the
opportunity that he was looking for.

After 15 years of establishing his agents within the
order, he is ready to move. The weakness of the Arpad
Ventrue of Hungary is the final element he needs, and he
is now ready to move his court to Magdeburg on the Elbe
and from there conquer eastward. Hungary is the first step
of a grand conquest.

Lucretia VON Hartz, KNIGHT OF THE
BLAck Cross

(appears in Shadows at Court and A Call to Arms)

Background: Once a devout Christian who followed
the First Crusade, Lucretia is not one to frown upon duty.
Even asa child, Lucretia respected authority and believed
it was important to give oneself wholly to a noble cause.
With her Embrace, Lucretia has transferred her exalta-
tion first to her sire and then to his liege, Lord Jiirgen. She
obeys him without hesitation.

Lucretia is not a weak-willed soldier. Rather, she sees
herself asa true knight, loyal and strong. She practices her
warrior's skills meticulously, she is honorable and respect-
ful, and she would die rather than tarnish her reputation
or her master's image. For this reason, Lucretia's will is
unshakable. She stands dutifully by her lord's side, ready
for any eventuality and expecting the worst from those
who surround her.

Under Lord Jiirgen's guidance, Lucretia von Hartz
has gathered and trained an efficient force of loyal knights.
She has become the Gross-Komtur of the Order of the
Black Cross, Jiirgen's shadow brotherhood within the
Teutonic Knights. This reach makes her the prince of
Magdeburg's single most valuable vassal.

With the establishment of Lord Jiirgen's court in
Magdeburg, Lucretia has gone to great lengths to ensure
the smooth transition of power. She has either converted
useful candidates to Jiirgen's side, or she has ruthlessly
disposed of potential rivals. Within Jiirgen's order, there
are few, save perhaps Akuji, whom she trusts implicitly.
Still, if Lord Jiirgen assigns his trust, she will respect his
choice out of duty.

DRAMATIS PERSONHE


Image: Lucretia is as disciplined physically as she is
mentally. She is built powerfully, but she is not concerned
with taking care of her appearance.

Roleplaying Hints: You look down on anyone who
fails to respect authority. You hate those who use trickery
to achieve goals that should be won through honorable
action. Although you are intelligent and respectful of
strangers, you are quick to temper if you are insulted.
Matters are worse still if the insult is toward your knights
or your lord.

Haven: Lucretia has a haven within Magdeburg's
keep, and she is welcome in many Teutonic
commanderies across Germany.

Secrets: Lucretia knows all there is to know about
vampiric activities within the Teutonic Order. She is also
privy to most of Lord Jiirgen's strategies.

Influence: The Order of the Black Cross, the vampiric
and ghoul order within the Teutonic Knights, is as loyal
to Lucretia as it is to Jiirgen. Perhaps even more so.

Destiny: Lucretia fights at her lord's side until the
end. When Hardestadt eventually eliminates his too-
ambitious childe, her respect for authority shatters. When
the Anarch Revolt comes, she is on the side of the young.
She ends up among the Ventrue antitribu of the Sabbat.
Clan: Ventrue
Sire: Kuritz
Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Defender

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1098

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 2, Crafts 1, Etiquette 1,
Herbalism 3, Melee 5, Ride 4, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academic 2, Hearth Wisdom 2, Law 2,
Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Politics 3, Seneschal 3
Disciplines: Dominate 3, Presence 5, Fortitude 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 3, Retain-
ers 5, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Road: Chivalry 8

Willpower: 8

OTHERS

Although Under the Black Cross is a story of war
between powerful Cainites, others take part in the tale. At
least one holy mortal knight has an important role to play,
but the tale is also home to countless ghouls, mortal
warriors and kings, as well as beasts more monstrous than
Cainites.

Morrtats

Mortals remain largely the victims and resources of
the Cainite combatants of Under the Black Cross, but at
least one stands out as unwilling to be used. He is Gauthier
de Dampiere, the Hound of the Lord.

GAUTHIER DE DAMPIERE,
Hounn OF THE Lorp

(Appears in Ashes of Outremer)

Background: There was no doubt that Gauthier, the
younger son of the Count of Dampiere, would become a
warrior and serve the king as his father had before him.
Unable to inherit his father's lands, however, he would
have to strike out on his own to find his fortune. Doing so
should have been a simple task for him, for he quickly
earned his spurs as a knight, showing himself to be a
superior warrior and a devout Christian.

In fact, his devotion surprised his family. He not only
declared that he would leave for the crusade, but that he
would abandon all but his most necessary possessions and
live the life of a poor knight. Following the Third Crusade
to Outremer, he found an enemy far more insidious than
the armies of Saladin and he despaired. Devils stalked the
night, drinking the blood of men like leeches. After the


liberation of Acre, he prayed for guidance at a small shrine
to St. Paul who had received God's Truth on the road to
Damascus. With sudden certainty, Gauthier knew that
this was his personal crusade. He could not rest until these
monsters were destroyed utterly.

He has spent last several decades on this mission. First
destroying isolated Cainites here and there as he tracked
them down, then seeking to warn the world, particularly
the Church, of the menace. In Venice and on the Fourth
Crusade he encountered vampires powerful beyond his
dreams, and he finally grasped the scale of the horror
stalking the nights. He is certain that the current Fifth
Crusade carries more devils in its midst and he returns to
Acre to warn his fellow Christians. There, at the same
shrine where he prayed for guidance over 25 years before,
he comes to understand that a great relic is at risk. He must
protect it at all costs.

Image: A man of average height, he sports a powerful
build that has only barely slumped with age. His once dark
hair is now almost wholly gray, a product of both age and
the horrors he has seen. Missing are the last two fingers of
his left hand, torn off in a fight with a vampire in Greece.
His victory, however, made them badges of honor. Al-
though age lines his face, his eyes are still bright with an
inner fire. He still dresses the part of a poor knight, but he
always carries his Damascene sword, an old trophy.

Roleplaying Hints: Your life has been sacrificed to
this cause, but it has been worth every moment. Each

creature you left burned or staked for the sun is one less
demon to prey on God's servants. But time is running out
for you. Your life must surely come to an end soon, and
there so many of them out there. That is why you have
come to Acre to recruit brethren in this pure city to your
cause. You find them among the Teutonic Knights and
the Knights of St. Thomas. With them, the relic and the
aid of the Holy Church, you can rest assured that your
work will continue after you are gone.

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Penitent

Age: late 50s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Leadership 3
Skills: Melee 4, Ride 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Law 1, Occult 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 3

Willpower: 10

Merits/Flaws: True Faith 3

GENERIC TEMPLATES

Roleplaying and characterization are obviously more
important that specific game statistics in a storytelling
game, but some hard numbers can make your job easier
when the coterie enters combat or goes off in a direction
that you didn't expect. The following templates should
help with those moments. Use them to represent minor
characters whom the players' coterie meets during Under
the Black Cross or to quickly flesh out the preceding
character descriptions. Keep in mind that these profiles
are not complete. They include only the statistics that you
are likely to need in a hurry, so feel free to expand and
revise them as the need arises. If a minor character starts
to take on a greater importance in your chronicle, don't
hesitate to take time between sessions to work up full
profiles.

GANGREL PREDATOR

Use this template for the fearsome Animals who
accompany Morrow to Magdeburg and into Tuzféld. You
can adjust statistics for individual Gangrel as you see fit,
lowering some to represent neonates and raising others to
mark Morrow's fellow elders.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Animal Ken 3, Athletics 2,
Braw1 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Hearth Wisdom 2, Herbalism
2, Intimidation 3, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Fortitude 2, Protean 4

Gear: none

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


TEUTONIC. KNIGHT

The Order of the German Hospital of St. Mary in
Jerusalem attracts many of the best young knights of the
Holy Roman Empire. Dedicated to God, fierce on the
battlefield and driven to victory at all costs, they make
excellent recruits for Jurgen and Lucretia. Use this tem-
plate for Teutons whom the characters encounter, be
they Ventrue agents or no. It can also serve for crusaders
in the Second Kingdom (including Gauthier's followers)
and Vlaszy revenant knights.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Archery 2, Athletics 2, Brawl
2, Dodge 2, Etiquette 2, Hearth Wisdom 1, Intimidation
2, Melee 3, Ride 3, Seneschal 1, Stealth 1, Survival 2

Disciplines: Ventrue ghouls: Fortitude 1, Potence 1;
Vlaszy revenants: Potence 1, Presence 1; Gauthier's com-
panions: True Faith 1

Gear: War-horse, mail armor, shield, sword

BEASTS

Over the course of Under the Black Cross, the
characters come face to face with the products of Tzimisce
fleshcrafting, Tremere experimentation and the enraged
call of the Gangrel. The following templates provide the
basic game statistics for these beasts, but you are free to
adjust them to suit your needs.

STAG
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Attack: Gore for five dice of lethal damage
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Stealth 2
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1,-1,-3, -5,
Incapacitated

Blood Pool: 7
‘Witp Boar

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
Attack: Bite for four dice; gore for five (both lethal)

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Intimida-
tion 2

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1,-1, -2, -4,
Incapacitated

Blood Pool: 4
‘WoLF

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Attack: Bite and claw for four dice of lethal damage

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Stealth 2

UNDER THE BLHCK CROSS

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-3,-5, Incapaci-
tated
Blood Pool: 2

REAPER

The reaper is one of the many abominations in the
Tremere arsenal of freakish creatures. Often released in
the woods neighboring Ceoris, the reaper hunts at night.
Although it fears fires and the clang of dueling blades, it
is far from harmless. With scythes as forearms, the reaper
is capable of shredding its victims with deadly accuracy.
Difficult even for its masters to handle, the reaper is
unpredictable and largely unintelligent. The reaper that
Jervais sends to exterminate Albin at the end of Shadows
at Court is the result of further experimentation. It has
been mutated to follow a simple command, and its senses
are sharpened to home in on asingle prey. This causes the
reaper continual pain. The only way it can end its mad-
dening torture is by finding and dispatching its target.
Jervais' reaper is a singular aberration. If it survives,
Jervais may consider ordering the creation of additional,
similar specimens.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Cha-
tisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 5,
Intelligence 0, Wits 2

Attack: Claws 8 dice of lethal damage

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 2,
Stealth 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2

SzLaAcHTA WAR GHOUL
Szlachta ghouls are the workhorses of Rustovitch's
armies. They are terrible and maddened warriors trained
to kill anything that moves and doesn't bear the scent of
their lord. Some are intelligent and even strategic, while
others stalk about in a constant state of rage.
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Attack: Bonecrafted weapon for Strength +2 dice of
bashing or lethal damage (depending on if the weapon is
a club or sword); bite for 4 dice of lethal damage; armor
plating gives +1 die to soak rolls.
lertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3
: Potence 1
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated
Blood Pool: 10

Tzimisce HELLHOUND

Rustovitch uses massive quantities of specially de-
signed hellhound ghouls for his armies. These
preternaturally fast killers harry his enemies without


cease. They are typically albino and furless, with multiple
sets of eyes.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Attack: Claw for 3 or bite for 5 dice of lethal damage;
armor plating gives +1 die to soak rolls

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Stealth 2,

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Potence 1, Fortitude 1
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated

Blood Pool: 7

Vozup War GHouL

These mammoth composites are the living siege en-
gines of Rustovitch's armies. Because they are heavy and
lumbering, he uses these beasts only to crush entrenched
enemies. They play a very limited roll in his final assault on
Lord Jiirgen.

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6

Attack: Strike for eight dice of bashing damage (+
Potence); constrict for six dice of bashing damage (+
Potence); bite for eight dice of lethal damage. The vozhd
has multiple limbs, and it can make multiple attacks. It
gains an additional five dice to split among these attacks,
although no single attack may have a higher dice pool
than the ghoul's Dexterity + Brawl.

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Intimidation 5

Potence: Potence 6, Fortitude 4

Willpower: 5; Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1,
-1,-1,-1, -3, -3, -3, -3, Incapacitated

Blood Pool: 20

Notes: A vozhd consists of multiple ghouls fused
together through koldunic magic and Vicissitude into
one composite behemoth. Strength, health levels, dice
for multiple attacks, Disciplines and blood pool all de-
pend on the amount of "raw materials" used. This template
represents a vozhd made of four ghouls.



ppendix:
Endless War

tet ae voor Hill


MANAGING |
THE CHRONICLE

Under the Black Cross coversa span ofalmost 15 years, from the
establishment of Lord Jiirgen's court in 1211 (in Shadows at Court) to
his withdrawal from Transylvania in 1225 (at the end of A Call to
Arms). Thatismore than enough time forenterprising vampires torise
in status and enterprising players to cause you no end of trouble. The
key to managinga chronicle such as this is to get the players involved
and interested in the main plot (the Jiirgen-Rustovitch conflict) and
to keep them busy with events.

CHARACTERS
INTRODUCTIONS

Eachofthestoriesin Under the Black Crosshas plenty of reasons
for a variety of characters to get involved, and, once they do, that
involvement can easily carry them through the whole chronicle. The
introductory section of each story chapter goes into specific ideas. The
following notes supplement those suggestions.

‘VussAs OF LORD JURGEN

The major question you need to answer here is how the coterie
came to swear fealty to Lord Jiirgen. The answer defines how Jiirgen
treats the characters and how easy it is for them to get intimately
involved with the political and strategic maneuverings that move the
overall plot of Under the Black Cross forward.

Coteries with one or more close vassals start close to the action.
Close vassals are those who owe fealty to Jiirgen himself, not only as a
princeand lord, butasan individual. They havea personal history with
the Ventrue, and they feel close bonds to him. More importantly still,
Jiirgen himself feels a distinct obligation to them. Use either a
preliminary story or the character preludes to establish this bond.
Depending on the characters' age, they may have fought with Jiirgen.
in the Holy Land, served in his personal retinue or some other close
service. This category can also apply to characters who are not vassals
atall, but old allies (like the Nosferatu Akuji). Characters who are this
close (and their immediate associates) have the chance to truly be in
the inner circle form the get-go. Jiirgen turns to them for assistance
almost naturally.

Formal vassals are characters who have swom an oath to Jiirgen
or who recognize him as their lord, but do not yet have a personal
relationship with the man. The coterie could have domain in the
margraviate of Brandenburg and recognize Jiirgen as their preeminent
vampiric lord. They might be Teutonic Knights and see him as their
Hochmeister. Characters in this ilk are likely to be closer to an
intermediate character like Lucretia von Hartz or even Akuji, whocan
serve as their contact at court. Jiirgen does not know them personally,
but he hi on to count on them and protect them: They are part
of his domain.

Finally, allied characters or envoys are roughly aligned with
Jiirgen without formal oaths of fealty. They may be representatives of
adistant court (like Rosamund is of the Courts of Love) or members of
an established religious hierarchy, such as the Cainite Heresy. With
Jiirgen inviting so many to his court, it's easy to justify the characters
comingas longas they havea position to represent. Use the prelude to
establish that status, be it as trusted aides to a distant prince, or
independent lords of a small fiefdom. Jiirgen may be weary of them at
first, but he is also anxious to be seen asa secure lord open to alliances,
so that should give them access.

CINDER THE BLACK CROSS

AGENTS OF RusTOVITCH

The other side of the allegiance coin is to play the agents of
Vladimir Rustovitch. Itisaltogether possible, ofcourse, to play outright
vassals of the voivode and arrive at Magdeburg and Acre as his envoys,
either accompanying or replacing Kara Lupescu. In that case, you can
use the details of Under the Black Crossasa tapestry ofeventsandhave
the characters impact upon them as appropriate. They might engineer
the downfall of von Achern in Ashes of Outremer or take part in the
final assault of Kronstadt in A Call to Arms.

Ifyou want to hew more closely to the plot elements of the three
stories, the players can portray spies for the voivode. Their mission is to
infiltrate Jiirgen's court and collect intelligence while they build
influence. In the final analysis, the Tuzfold truce is in Rustovitch's
interests as well, so their role may not change greatly while the details
of play do. This option can be very exciting and full of tension, and you
should work hard to develop the characters' cover story, since it will
carry them through the chronicle. There are two basic types of spy to
play: turncoats and plants.

Turncoats are characters already in Jiirgen's entourage who are
convinced to report to the Tzimisce for one reason or another. These
characters tend tobe very conflicted, pethapsresenting Jiirgen forsome
slight and now selling him out. They may be sacrificing much of what
they hold dear — and hence weakening their hold on the Beast —in
the name of personal vengeance. Usually, such characters have some
immediate thing to gain from their handlers (and Kara Lupescu is the
best candidate for that role), such as the lives of mortals they hold dear,
the return of estates in Livonia orsome such. Such a character may well
regret hischoiceand face the terrifying prospect of betraying both sides.
One interesting variant is for a turncoat not to know at first that he is
working for Rustovitch and reveal that fact later on.

Plants are those loyal to Rustovitch inserted into Magdeburg or
another area. This isn't easy to do, but the voivode of voivodes is known
for his spy network. Tzimisce can be fleshcrafted to resemble almost
anyone, and there is no simple way to check clan lines. Also there are
non-Fiends who recognize Tzimisce authority and would be willing to
infiltrate the German camp. The key here is to create a convincing
story, perhaps masquerading as Ventrue refugees from Constantinople
or some such. That story should then be placed at risk several times
during the chronicle, of course.

OTHERS

Characters who aren't strictly aligned with one party or another
need to have some sort of personal connection to the gathering at
Magdeburgand perhapseven laterkeyevents,suchas the Fifth Crusade
orthe city of Acre itself. It's fairly easy to, justify the characters' presence
at Magdeburg (see ideas on p. 22), but ¢ them a personal
connection makes them more invested in events and better able to
interact with the crowd. A group of Cainite mercenaries who have
fought in Livonia, forexample, might well arrive in Magdeburg hoping
for work and get involved from there. But if they once fought under
Lucretia's command, or they owe Silas the Ravnosa debt, everyone has
more material with which to play. In addition, if one of the characters
hails from Outremer, then all the better. Use character preludes toadd
these details.

Srory SEEDS

Large gaps of time run between the main stories of the chronicle,
and they are yours to fill. If you want to use Under the Black Cross as
arelatively quick chronicle, you can simply call these gaps "downtime"
and work with the players to determine what their characters are up.
Dole outa few experience points and adjust Backgroundsas yousee fit.

The chronicle reaches its full potential, however, when the
characters (and the players) get to experience the scope of the war. Of
course, there is still some downtime, but instead of skipping from 1211


straight to 1217, you can tell a few stories of your own in between. It's
best to base these stories on the players' ideas and preferences. If, for
example, the characters develop a bond — or a rivalry — with
Rosamund of Islington during Shadows at Court, then a story taking
them to the Courts of Love in France would be in order. Characters of
a more martial inclination may feel the call to travel to Transylvania
tofight the Fiends or even to head to the Holy Land, where they might
become involved with the characters from Ashes of Outremer before
the Fifth Crusade gets underway.

The following section provides you with some other ideas for
stories that you can use to flesh out the chronicle.

Pro.oGues CBEForE 1211)

© The Black Commandery: Traveling through Armenia or
Germany, the coterie comes under assault by a group of Teutonic
Knights. Well-trained and better armed, the knights are a real danger
—all the more so, when some turn out to be ghouls. Over the course
ofseveral nights, the characters face the dogged Teutons timeand time
again, until they must investigate matters. The knights' commandery
isasmall fortress overlookinga main road, and the characters may well
manage to sneak in. The guard is not unskilled however, and more
ghouls live in the fortress, including several women who act as nurses.
‘The garrison seems distracted, however, by the imminent arrival of a
dignitary of the order. It seems that a certain Lucretia von Hartz is to
arrive this very night.

* Scorched Earth: Characters withareason tobe in Transylvania
stumble upon the petrified forest of Tuzfold. Perhaps they must find a
Nosferatu who is hiding among the local leper colony, or they are just
traveling in the area. Regardless, they soon find themselves stalked by
ayoung Gangrel named Codrin. Brash and territorial, he nevertheless
proves useful when a raiding party of Tzimisce hellhounds comes
through on the hunt. When the hounds pounce on the lepers and on
the characters, he calls on the animals of the woods to help push them
away. After the battle, the Gangrel and the characters part on good
terms, buthe warns them of the dangers of wandering through Gangrel
domains.

First INTERLUDE (1211-1217)

© Dashria Avenged: Early in the war, a strike force of Jiirgen's
ghoul knights enters an outpost called Dashria. The small settlement
is nothing but one of Rustovitch's southem outposts. A minor baron.
of the Basarab revenant family calls the few shacks, small inn, lookout
tower and storage shed home, along with a gaggle of mortal villagers.
While the outpost sleeps, Jiirgen's knights brandish a fiery cross. They
enter the town like a tempest and massacre all inhabitants, slaughter
the livestock and pile the decapitated corpses in the camp's center.
They then set fire to all of Dashria, leaving only the mauled heads of
three guards mounted on lances. The coterie may see this slaughter or
stumble upon the remains of Dashria during one of its journeys. What
the characters don't know is that the Basarab baron's young son
survived theslaughter. Ashe growstomanhood, heswears revengeand
becomes a powerful warrior in Rustovitch's armies. It's only a matter of
time before he runs into the characters... or runs them through.

© Passage to Haifa: With King Andrasheading tothe Holy Land
for the Fifth Crusade, the coterie wishes to follow. However, sailing for
Acre is out of the question, so they must find passage to Haifa. The
Frisian fleet that is scheduled to take the crusaders to the Holy Land is
seriously overtaxed and behind schedule as well, putting a heavy
demand on every available ship. Stalking through the port cities of
Italy, Dalmatia, Savoy or Aragon, the characters find a captain of
Egyptian heritage who is willing to take them to Haifa. All he asks is
that they undertake aservice forhim en route. Itseemsthat one of their
kind has stolen a religious artifact important to him. When the
characters arrive to discover that the thief is their "old friend" Alexia

of Nicosia and that the Setite heirloom is under study in her Tremere
chantry, things get complicated.

SECOND INTERLUDE (1217-1225)

 AnEvening With Lady Arpad: Thecharactersfind themselves
onalistofselect guestsat Nova Arpad'skeep in Mediasch, near Jiirgen's
territories in the Siebenbitrgen. Once nominal prince of all Eastern
Hungary, Nova has been keeping a low profile for much of Jiirgen's
sojourn in her territory, but tonight is a time for her to announce her
return to involvement. The atmosphere of the Arpad stronghold is
nothing like the austere militarism of Jiirgen's Teutonic keeps. Instead,
her home is a maze of sensual pleasures. The finest Eastern silks and
European velvets coat surfaces, and wisps of exotic spices share the air
with the sounds of talented musicians. Willing mortal vessels move
through the assembled Cainites like an ambulatory buffet, giving of
their blood and providing any service that the guests require. Ventrue
andotherswith special tastes find them met withouteven havingtoask.
Atsome point, preferably when one of the playersis very close to letting
the Beast loose, Nova drops hints about Jiirgen's weakness. With von
Achern's destruction, she says, it's only a matter of time before the
Vlaszy displace his agents at court. The Arpads could help with this
matter, she says, but there will be a price...

© Points East: Throughout the war, the characters have seen
Myca Vykos come and go with barely a concern. The influence of his
patron, the Dracon, gives him liberty of movement in the war zone
(something the characters may be jealousofas they dodge Tzimisce war
ghouls and Teutonic Knights). But on this occasion, the shoe ison the
other foot. Vykos comes to the coterie asking for assistance. An
associate of his in the Holy City of Jerusalem has gone missing, and he
needs to get to the city to investigate matters. His vaunted contacts are
of no use in Outremer, so he turns to the characters — and their
connections with Prince Etienne and others — to help him. He offers
toretum the favorin Transylvania when they request, and he caneven
be convinced to pay "in advance" as longas the journey isnot overlong.
When the group arrivesin Acre, they receive word that Vykos' contact
Alexius Simocatta has indeed vanished, and Hanifa bint Nasir warns
them not to investigate the matter. The Fiend angered Alamut, she

says, and to ask too many questions is to invite a response. Now can
Vykos be convinced?

Epmocues CArrer 1225)

¢ Holy War: Storiesofwarbetweendemonsin the Oltriver basin
reach receptive ears in the Church, and agents of Rome arrive in the
region after the conflict is over. Among them is an aging Gauthier de
Dampiere, accompanied by several brother-knights whoare wise tothe
ways of nightdemons. They investigate the ruins of Milash, which has
been razed by fire and war, and they try to discover the origins of the
devastation. The characters hear of these investigations. How they
react is up to them.

® Visitor to Magdeburg: Magdeburg is abuzz with rumors that
Hardestadt is ready to withdraw his patronage of Lord Jiirgen as
punishmentforhisfailingsin Transylvania. A Lasombranamed|gnatio
Lorca, one of Hardestadt's chamberlains, arrives to meet with Jiirgen,
and asks pointed questions from various members of his court. In.
actuality, he isnotlookingforreports on the Patrician's behavior at war,
butevidence that he has lost control ofhis own vassals. The coterie has
the chance to strengthen or weaken Jiirgen significantly.

 Noriz the Conqueror? Word of the truce at Tuzfild reaches
Noriz before the rest of the voivodate, and he hopes to make sure that
Rustovitch never makes it back to tell the tale. Noriz engages the
services of elite assassins to dispose of Vladimir and his weary forces. A
coterie who worked forRustovitch during the war might well face these
assassinsas well. Can the characterssave the woivode of voivodes? Do they
even want to?

ENDLESS WAR


} hig b me d

Jangen's bloody campaign in Transylvania is not an isolated
incident. After the shock of the so-called Bitter Crusade, the Cainites
of Europe know full well that the bloodshed around the Olt river basin
isonlyasignofthingstocome. The WarofPrinceshasbegun ineamest.
Beyond thisgeneralizedconflict, however, thespecificeventsof Under

the Black Cross have other repercussions, ones the coterie may well
be associated with.

JURGEN's AMBITIONS

For most of the war, it seemed like Lord Jiirgen was on top. The
prize of Acre was only a side benefit, but by the time of Tuzfold, it is
essentially all he has to show for his 15-year campaign. Obviously
holding the majorremaining city ofthe Kingdom of Jerusalem is hardly
nothing, but by 1225, that victory is eight years old, and when he
rerums to Magdeburg to find Hardestadt questioning his leadership,
things look bleak for the Sword-Bearer. He is not one toaccept defeat,
however. After spending some time reinforcing his position at home,
Jingen is ready for new pastures. Transylvania may be too tough a nut
tocrack for the time being, but he wonders whether itis worth cracking
at all. Indeed, the Teimisce and other petty warlords of Livonia and
Prussia are much closer at hand and perhaps even more vulnerable. By
1230, Jiirgen's forces are on the move again.

RasTOVITCH AND THE FEAST OF FIENDS

Like his Patrician rival, Vladimir Rustovitch faces a difficult
receptionafter the truce at Tuzfild. Norizthe Cormupterisonly hismost
persistent detractor in the voivodate. Despite his ability to push back the
Ventrue and outmaneuver them in the mortal court of King Andras,
many Tzimisce now openly scoff at Rustovitch's overall leadership.

UNDER THE BLACK CROSS

Too young, they say. Too Western. They point to Ceoris, still holding
strong, to the return of Nova Arpad, and finally to the appearance of
Obertus monasteries along the Olt, and they call him weak. Indeed,
Rustovitch's agreement with Vykos — and, through him, with the
Dracon— galls the elder Tzimisce who remember their long war with
the Methuselah who tuned his back on the Carpathians and built
Constantinople.

Rustovitch spends much of the following years trying to reestab-
lish hisauthority and subduing other voivodes. In many cases, he retums
tohis tried-and-true tactic of bold Trials by War, made all the easier by
the large army that he had amassed to deal with Jiirgen. But he also
reaches an agreement with Yorak, keeper of the Cathedral of Flesh.
Thisargumentleads to Metamorphosist priests becominga mainstay of
Rustovitch's woivodate and to many of his rivals being fed to the
cathedral itself. Forthisreason, thisperiod of conflictin the Carpathians
comes to be called the Feast of Fiends.

THE SECOND KINGDOM

Rustovitch and Kara Lupescu abide by the terms of the truce and
withdraw the Vlaszy revenants from Acre. The raids from the hidden
stronghold near Beaufort Castle cease, although it isn't clear that the
stronghold itself is abandoned. Rumors hold that the Vlaszy have just
turned their attention to raids into Syria. Etienne de Fauberge remains
prince of Acre and a vassal of Lord Jiirgen, although a less-than-
traditionalone. Heconvinceshis Ventrueoverlord thatit isadvantageous
tokeep Acre asa city open to many different Cainites, both Christian
and Muslim. Jiirgenagreesaslongas the city remainshis vassal. Etienne
thusmanages to balance hisnew overlord's demands with the demands
of his own city, keeping Maria d'Agostino largely appeased by her
trading privileges and maintaining contact with the Ashirva. He hears
nothing of Varsik and Aram directly, but he suspects that they are
plotting his downfall.


WAR OF THE DAMNED

It is a time of conflict. The Ventrue Lord Jiirgen and the Tzimisce Vladimir
Rustovitch battle for domain in Hungary, while their agents spar across Europe,
using intrigue and bloodshed in equal measure. In the Holy Land, the Fifth
Crusade arrives in Acre, and the vampiric lords' agents come with it in pursuit
of a fragment of the True Cross. Victory can come only at a terrible price.

y BLOOD OF THE INNOCENT

Under the Black Cross is a complete chronicle for Vampire: The Dark Ages®.

Its three stories follow Ventrue efforts to use the Teutonic Knights to establish

domain in the Tzimisce territories of Hungary, sending agents as far afield as
the Holy Land in pursuit of allies and advantage.

cog | UNDER THE BLACK CROSS INCLUDES:
| ¢ A way to bring your Dark Ages game forward into the 1220s (

¢ Details on the Teutonic Knights and on Acre, a city closed off from Cainite
influence for centuries, now cast open.

¢ The chance to put your players' coterie center stage for the continued |
transformation of the Dark Ages setting.

CANE STUDIO

ff