# File: Vampire the Dark Ages (2nd Ed).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Vampire: THE Dark AGEs™
AA StoryYTELLING GAME OF GOTHIC HORROR
By JENNIFER HARTSHORN, ETHAN Skemp, Mark RetN® HAGEN AND Kevin HAssALL
Vampire: THE Dark AGES™ USES THE STORYTELLER™ GAME SYSTEM


CREDITS
Designed by: Jennifer Hartshorn, Ethan Skemp, MarkRein® Hagen
and Kevin Hassall _
Based on an original concept by: Mark Reine Hagen
Developed by: Jennifer Hartshorn and Ethan Skemp
Edited by: Cynthia Summers, Trevor Chase and Ken Cliffe
Written and additional design by: Bill Bridges, Phil Brucato,
Ken Cliffe, Richard E. Dansky, Jennifer Hartshorn, Kevin
Hassall, lan Lemke, Mark Rein* Hagen, Kathleen Ryan, Ethan
Skemp, Stephen Wieck, Cynthia Summers and Robert Hatch
Additional words by: Brian Campbell
Storyteller System designed by: Mark Reine Hagen

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA
PUBLISHING

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-
lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
World of Darkness and Werewolf the Wild West are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
tec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Vampire: The Masquerade written by: Mark Rein® Hagen,
Graeme Davis, Tom Dowd, Lisa Stevens and Stewart Wieck
Vice President of Production and Design: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly and Aileen E. Miles

Art by: John Bolton, Tim Bradstreet, John Cobb, James Daly,
Mike Danza, Guy Davis, Tony DiTerlizzi, Jason Felix, Doug
Gregory, Anthony Hightower, LeifJones, Eric Lacombe, Vince
Locke, Larry MacDougal, Andrew Robinson, Alex Shiekman,
E. Allen Smith, Richard Thomas, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook,
Andrew Ritchie, and Kathleen Ryan

Cover Design by: Lawrence Snelly

Vampire: The Dark Ages Logo Designed by: Ash Arnett
Layout and typesetting: Matt Milberger

DEDICATION
For CS. Lewis, medievalist, philosopher and fan-
tasy author.

Attention: Reader discretion is advised. The themes
and issues described in this game may be disturbing to
some. Though our purpose is not to offend, our use of the
vampire as a metaphor and as a channel for storytelling
may be misconstrued. To be clear, vampires are not real.
The extent to which they may be said to exist is revealed
only in what they teach us of the human condition and of
the fragility and splendor which we call life.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES


Capers

PREFACE
Book ONE: BACKGROUND
CHAPTER ONE? INTRODUCTION
CHAPTER Two: SETTING. nae
CHAPTER THREE: CLANS =
Book Two: BECOMING

CHAPTER Four: CHARACTER, 4
Cunpter Five: Discunes |
CHAPTER Stx: RULES

Book THREE! PERMUTATIONS
CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS —
CHAPTER EIGHT: STORYTELLIN

CuarTer NINE: ANTAGONISTS
APpENDIX


ill no one rid me of this troublesome priest?
One of your kings said that, my dear Geoffrey, thirty
years gone. Re was bardly the first. J have beard that
same complaint uttered in French and Gaulish, and tongues
that no one yet living remembers. When you bave witnessed as many
seasons as J bave, you will see that bistory repeats itself endlessly.
Chere are no new stories, merely new tonguesin which to tell the old ones.

One of the very oldest is enclosed for your entertainment and instruc~
tion This type J have seen in the agorae and forums time and again Re
is the Runter of Runters, and be calls for our destruction in the name of
whatever god be worships. J have beard bis voice invoke Zeus and
Serapis, Adonai and Jesu Christos, even as the flame of the torch danced
inbis grip. Never have Theard aone of these gods ansrver, and Thave been
listening since before barbarous Fllexander roused himself to war.

Still this one bas survived bis ordeals thus far, which is no mean
feat. J would have bim, Geoffrey, and JI would bave you be the
instrument of bis final degradation.

No, fear not, my childe, Jam not thinking of adding bim to my
brood You are all the legacy Thave desired for centuries, and JI would
not lay so beavy a burden as that of being a sire upon you yet. Chere
are decades yet before you will be ready, before you know enough of
the ways of our kind to teach them to another. You must learn borv to
bow to the Czimisce voivode in bis castle in the Carpathians, and bory
to smile even while gazing upon a Nosferatu Chere are a thousand
things that J must teach you yet before you can teach another.

Besides, there is hardly enough feeding for youin your Londinium
Chink of borv a ravenous childe might swagger, the mad wolf among
the flocks, and leave you starving while the city boruls for your blood.

St always makes one feel guilty, destroying one's orn childe.

Still, this letter troubles me. JI had been meaning to visit you this
season in any case, and the missive, rbich my good friend 7Ponsignor
Bernardini was kind enough to turn over to me, provided the
necessary impetus. Chis priest knows too much, and must be turned
to our cause. A suicide would serve no purpose, and the taint of Faith
may yet turn bis blood bitter in your mouth. No, there is a better way.

Turn bim, my son, my pride, my joy. Shor bim the glory and the
majesty of hat bis masters call the Cainite beresy, and Iet bim take
communion from our blood and body. Then return bim to bis abbey,
and [et bim reap wealth from its lands for you Grant bim bis
sacrament, and then let bim serve our will and bis God's witbin the
monastery walls. Surely such a strong-willed man will rise in the
bierarchy of those rubo bave taken vows. Surely a man strong enough
in middle age to defeat one of your elder cousins rvill live long, and bave
many years in the seat of porver.


J think be'd make a most excellent convert. When JI see you in
Londinium a fortnight bence, J expect a fait accompli

Jdid tell you that J felt the urge to travel! did J not? Thave been
on your green isle for near a month non, traveling posthaste since
the good ?Ronsignor placed Friar Offa's record in my bands.
Worry not, Sve not peered in on you, and the monk still weeps in bis
cottage. J took great care to ascertain it rbile bunting dorvn bis
precious corrupter, bis lost Alfred.

Che Aelfred the letter spoke of was a Gangrel of the sort that
earn them the sobriquet Animal. Re bad a certain native camning,
J admit, and given some centuries might bave proven to be a most
potent member of bis dan.

A pity, then that J did not allory bim those centuries.

J entered bis forests just after sundown a scant three weeks
ago. Re was instantly aware of me, as J beard the scuttling daws
of bis spies leaping branch to branch, burrying to tell bim bis doom
bad come. Faugbh/ That one of our kind should be reduced to
messages brought by diggers of boles and boarders of acorns.

Re knew of my coming, yes, and be fled me. Deep into the
trackless wood be scurried, bere the canopies of trees are so thick
that J could stride them at midday and not fear the kiss of the sun
Chere are trees there that make me feel young, Geoffrey, and past
them Pelfred fled. J suspect bis plan was to evade me until darvn,
leaving me to sech shelter even as be joined with the earth to slumber.
Cver JIfound signs of bis passing, and ever J pursued bim Che night
tind on my face, the scent of bis fear in my nostrils, and the sanguine
joy of knowing that a prey wortby of my bunt was before me — ab,
mhat a night/ Chrice be was in my grasp, and thrice the gifts of bis
blood allowed bim to elude me. At the last, when my das would
bave rent bim crotch to crown bad J but the time to work my rill the
cock's crow beralded the sunrise. Laughing, be sank into the earth.

Laaugbing, J mimicked bis trick. Long ago J learned the secrets
of Proteus, of joining with the earth.

For a day, bunter and bunted slept. Chen night came again, and we
both surged forth from the bosom of the earth to continue our chase.

Jt was not a chase, but a battle that second night. The second
Temerged, be was on me with the savagery of a starved dog You
know that J follow the Road of Reaver,' this Aelfred trod the
Road of the Beast. Chere was nothing of the intellect in the dead
thing that flung itself on me that night.

St was.a nearer thing than Tcare to remember. Ris strength was
more than bis frame should bave beld, and bis dams tore at me. Vet
my strength was greater, and J flung bim down Re rose and leapt


at me again, and so the night was passed, in bloody constraint such that
villagers did shut their doors and cry that devils reveled in the wood.

Recalled to bis beasts that night, every thing that the forest beld that
flery or walked or crept on land, and they came to bis succor. J would
bave my band at bis throat, and lof from the wood came a wolf to tear
at me, or an onl to beat at my face with death-sbroud wings. And ever
we fought, and ever be tore at me, until the second cock's crow. Again,
we sank into earth, but be did not laugh, not on that bloody morning.

Svening, we rose again, and terror was in bis eyes. Re bad called
upon the blood often, and J bad not allowed bim respite in which to
feed. And as Jam doser to Caine than many, Jam capable of going
long indeed betiveen draughts.

She bunt was was indeed a bunt this night, as be fled like Actaeon
before bis own bounds. Cacherving strength, be took the form of astag.
Chrough the forest be careened, and J after bim as a wolf. We went
deep into the beart of the wood, into places that no man or beast bad
trod since before the Romans first laid their roads, and J felt a
sleeping presence there that quickened my pace with fear.

But bis fear was greater than mine, and be fled before me until,
mad witb terror, be staggered into a thicket which tangled bis antlers
like a crown of thorns. Great were bis struggles against this prison.
and be was made strong indeed by terror, but it was of no avail. The
fountain of bis strength bad run dry, and there was naugbt left to bim
but animal ferocity. It did not suffice.

Jresumed my own form, and caressed the muzzle of the stag that
bad been the Cainite who was my prey. "Absalom, my Absalom" J
rhispered to bim, and then J took the edge from my thirst with the
sballory pool of bis blood.

Riis ashes scattered on the wind even as J took myself to another
bunt that evening Jt is foolish, do you not think, for a cotsrvolder to
divell so far from bis neighbors that none can bear bis cries for belp?

But my tale is done, and all that remains is news. J shall be visiting
you in Londinium, as J said, in a fortnight. J expect that you rill bave
turned the priest by that date, and that sufficient refreshment rvill be
available. For the nonce, study the monk's tale. You may learn some~
thing of our kind, and much of bor ive are perceived by our prey.

J look forward to seeing you again and to measuring your
progress. J bave no doubts that you rill make my beart srvell with
pride. J bave been saving a very special flask of vitae, oman in
vintage." perbaps we shall find cause to celebrate and share it.

A fascinating country, your England. J look forward to the rest of
my stay. Do what you will with the messenger who bears this. TI wish
you bon apetit, as the Franks say.

®Boukephos, now called Francisco Diego del Belmonte


MonsiGnorn Bernnanpim:

Vou may wonder why this epistle is scribed in English. in oe J would state that ] know From
our days together under the banner of Edessa that you do speak that tongue, and that many
others, even in so learned a city as Rome, do not. While ] have no doubts as to the absolute fidelity
of the brother ] entrust as my courier, misfortune may yet befall him, and such matters as ] write
on are not for most eyes. It is not often that a man receives the opportunity to document his own
damnation, and yet he may not wish to share those details with the vulgate

1 most humbly beseech you to peruse the following missive, and then to take the findings
contained within to His Holiness. What J have discovered, what } have recorded in this scroll, what
horror ] have lived is a matter that threatens the existence of all Christendom. Uou may scoff, but
I speak truth. Jam not one of those feeble-minded village priests who sees Our Lord in the cornfields
after eating too much moldy srain, nor am J of the sort to hide behind abbey walls from imagined
demons in the night. Vou saw me ride out to the bloody disaster at Hattin before ] took holy orders;
you saw how ] carried myself in tourney and battle. Jam told they still speak of me with reverence.
in the tilting-yards of Acre, and that the Musselmen have not forgotten my name. Are these the
deeds, is this the reputation of a shirking coward? J think not. ] have since laid down my arms for
the shepherd's staff, but ] keep my wits and courage about me still. What J tell you is true. ] swear
it on the body and blood of Christ, if one such as } has any right to mention His holy name.

Do not ask how ] came to research this matter; by now J] am sure that you have heard how ]
was disgraced, ] know not why, and exiled from the abbey at York. J have been told by Friends that
it was for my insistence on preaching a sermon whose subject material was most displeasing to
Abbot Dafydd. ] can think of no such sermon, however, merely a humble piece penned to confront
the evils of those who come to church, not to take part in the sacrament but instead to mock those
who do. Those who guzzle the blood of Christ, ] called these, and] am told that the abbot was most
incensed by my choice of theme. In light of what J later Learned, his actions seem to be more sinister.
Or perhaps J am merely seeing the ghosts of the blood-drinkers where there are none, and J truly
deserved to be removed from the company of my brethren.

Regardless, ] found myself banished from the abbey and determined to set myself up as a
hermit, the better to continue those studies of herbal lore which occupied so much of my time at
Vork. In accordance with this wish, ] returned south to the forests of the county of my birth. There.
Jerected a cottage that would serve me both as domus and the site of the strangest confession
it was ever my misfortune to hear.

THe Damnep Man's TALE

Most of the information] relate to youhere comes froma single source, though one whose reliability
1do not doubt. Aelfred was his name, a boy of Saxon blood from my home village of Cheltenham, but
an honest and devout boy. He had just started his first growth of beard when he vanished in the wood
while hunting. Imagine my surprise, then, to see young Aelfred appear on my doorstep these five years
gone, his Face Framed by the orb of the Full moon and looking not a day older than when he vanished.

Not realizing the gravity of the situation, thinking the boy had been perhaps fairy-led, ] invited
him in. He Followed me, gratefully, and sought confession from me for a multitude of sins, the likes
of which} could not imagine this simple lad committing. Sins of blood, sins of murder, sins of angelism
and theft and blasphemy — to all of these Aelfred confessed. Now J must admit that ] could hardly
see this downy-cheeked boy committing such grievous sins, any one of which was like to sentence
him to the Pit forthwith, and as such ] expressed my slight incredulity at his recitation. You are
Familiar, no doubt, with the sort who claims all sorts of demonic behaviors in confession merely for
the enjoyment they receive from their penances, and] feared that Aelfred had become one of this
sort. At least, ] did until he turned to me with his eyes slowing the red of a beast, and Fangs like
unto those of agreat cat or perhaps a wolf protruding over his barely- bearded lower lip. He laughed
then, and no human boy could have made that sound.

With bloody tears rolling down his cheeks, he told me that he had indeed committed that entire
litany of sins, and from me he sought first absolution, then death, so that he might not stain his soul
any Further through the demands of his demonic existence. ] made as if to flee From him, but again


he Laughed and told me that J had nothing to fear From him, because my Faith in the Lord was too
strong for even his hell-spawned strength to fash out. It was, he said, very different From the last
priest he'd spoken to, whose faith had proved to be thin indeed. Aelfred licked his lips at this, and
could not help but shudder at the sight. Then the beast within the child vanished, and] was left
with a boy whose brothers and sisters }] had baptized, a boy whom ] had hoped to help achieve
Heaven. Here, then, was my chance.

What else could ] have done, Monsignor? Should a fallen angel, even Lucifer himself, truly
repent, would not the Lord welcome him back into Heaven? 1 Felt that Aelfred truly sought torepent,
and that by denying him this last chance at an unspotted soul ] would be the agent of this simple
boy's damnation. ] granted him absolution, and Laid upon him a heavy penance. Part of that penance
was for him to relate his tale, and all that he knew of the others of his kind. ] trust you do not object.

Of tHe NATURE AND ORIGINS OF THE CAINITES

Aelfred told me much that night. He was, he claimed, a vampyr, or as the vulgar spell it,
vampire. I'm sure you will recognize the term from our brief sojourn with that brotherhood of
Slavic knights in Antioch; they told tales of blood-drinking corpses that the peasants Labeled with
a similar name. These vampires are the descendants of Cain, whom God cursed to wander the
earth Forever with the mark of His wrath upon him. According to Aelfred, this terrible thirst For
blood was God's mark upon Cain, and Adam's son passed the curse down when he, in a mockery
of God's act of creation, created his own progeny. All of these vampires, then, are descendants
of Cain, walking to and fro on the earth, and up and down in it, bearing his curse and bestowing,
it upon others. Aelfred even claimed Cain yet walked the earth, and that he had seen him. ] pointed
out that Cain would be over three thousand years old at this point, and that neither Abraham nor
Methuselah had not lived quite so Long. Perhaps out of respect, Aelfred did not contradict me.

In any case, J was intrigued as to how Aelfred had become a childe of Cain, as he put it, when
Jhad known both of his parents in Cheltenham. It is a horrifying process, } discovered. The vampire
wishing to adopt another into this family of the damned must select and kill his victim, using, his
fangs to pierce the skin and drink the blood until there is none of the sanguine humour remaining,
anywhere in the victim's veins. Then, most horrible to consider, the vampire wounds himself and
forces his blood down the throat of the victim. Should the victim accept this unholy sacrament,
he awakens, dead yet walking, and cursed with Cain's unholy thirst For blood. Some have the
strength to refuse the blood when it is offered, and these Fortunate souls surely must be granted
God's peace. For the others, those who have not the strength of will to turn from the hellish sift
offered in that first taste of blood, a new existence awaits them as one of the walking damned,

Aelfred confided in me that when he was first taken and made into a creature of this sort,
he awoke with a ravening hunger the likes of which he had not even imagined when alive. As there
were no men around to slake his thirst, he pursued some of the king's deer. On foot and without
a weapon, he managed to catch two and tear open their throats with his teeth. When ] scoffed
at this, he left my domus, thenreturned not five minutes later witha brace of pheasants, still living,
in his hands. With practiced motion he snapped the neck of the one on the left, laying it out for
me. The other... God in Heaven help me, but ] watched him as he Fed upon it, even as the lamprey
or the leech feeds. But no leech devours the way AelFred took the life from that poor bird, with
a look of carnal pleasure on his blood-stained lips. When he Finished he called it a poor meal, but
that he had no wish to batten upon me even were he able.

J gave the remaining pheasant to the villagers. God and King Richard Forgive me, but ] could
not eat it after witnessing AelFred's Feast.

I must admit that watching AelFred dine did spark within me some notion of why he must feed
as he does. Even in the ruddy torchlight, his countenance was pale and bloodless. Vampirekind
must be utterly lacking in the sanguine humour, necessitating them to take it from their victims.
to replenish their own, ever-diminishing supplies. This imbalance of humours goes a long way
towards explaining the mystery of Aelfred. It would also seem that since Aelfred is lacking in
sanguine humor and has not aged, that the sanguine humor is in Fact the key to aging, and that
by thinning the blood one may slow or even halt the aging process.


% Of tHe Benepictionog Sun Anp TorcH

After complaining that his meal would certainly not be nearly as pleasing to his taste as mine would
be, Aelfred deigned to continue his tale. According to the boy, he had spent his first month alone in the
deepest heart of the forest, sleeping in trees with leaves so thick as to block out the benediction of the
rays of the sun. His very first day after awakening with this terrible hunger, he had Felt a great drowsiness
come upon him as dawn arose, but blood-stained as he was, he was still determined to return home.

One step from beneath the canopy of the trees convinced him of his Folly, as when sunlight fell
upon his Flesh it began to smoke as if it were dried wood, held in the fire. Howling, he fled into the
forest's depths. Since then he has always slumbered during the day in the deepest hollows and
thickets the Forest offers. Curiously, ] could see no scars from this burning, but he claimed that he
and all his kind healed most rapidly from even such grievous wounds as these. Only sunlight, fire,
and the claws and teeth of another of his kind, he said, presented any difficulty to him.

Of fire he had learned whilst taking a baby from a cottage. The Father, awakened by Divine
Providence, thrust a torch into Aelfred's Face, wounding him horribly and Forcing him to drop the
child. The look in AelFred's eyes was truly awful when he spoke of this, and when he told of the plans
For vengeance he had Laid upon the innocent cotswolder who had merely defended his child, ] must
admit ] doubted as to whether Aelfred truly sought absolution.

Jt would seem from Aelfred's record, though, that certain of the Slavs did speak truthfully
when telling us their tales of vampyrs and, more importantly, how to dispose of them. Primus, Fire
serves as well for vampires as it does for witches. Secundus, they cannot stand the light of the
sun, suffering the torments of the damned from the slightest exposure to its light. Tertius, the
sight of the cross wielded by one whose faith is unshaken serves to repel or even wound these
beasts in the shapes of men. Even the presence of sufficiently holy men, it would seem, is enough
to drive these demons off. Once, ] took one of Aelfred's hands in mine, and his very fingers did begin
to char and smoke. On the other hand, AelFred did refute the tales that a stake through the heart
is sufficient to slay one of his kind. Such things, he claimed, render the staked vampire unable to
move but leave him fully awake and able to use many of his diabolic powers.

My rooster chose this moment to crow, and Alfred took his leave of me. He claimed that he
would return that evening, so that he might finish his tale and his penance. J bid him restful sleep,
and he vanished into the greying wood

Or ASeconp Eve anp Cainite Humours

]was sore troubled that day. By speaking with such a creature as Aelfred had become, did ] truck
with the very Devil? Was my curiosity a snare set for me, and the knowledge Aelfred offered the bait?
On the other hand, did] dare refuse such knowledge as he offered me, knowing the threat that he and
his kind were to all the kingdoms of the earth? Even working in my garden did little to soothe my Fears,
and J must confess a certain distasteful impatience for nightfall and Aelfred's anticipated return.

Return he did, even while the last clouds of the day still bore the clotted-blood stain of the.
sunset. He seemed eager to finish his confession and have done with his unholy existence.
Thankfully, this night he brought nothing upon which to sup.

He entered my domus without an invitation this time and perched himself atop my workbench,
clearing my pestle and other tools aside to make space for himself. ] was reminded of a sparhawk as
he crouched there, his eyes darting around the room as if to find something upon which he could pounce.
Jwas thankful his eyes did not fix on me, and] sat transcribing his words at the farthest end of the room.

His words this night rambled. He began by speaking of what he called the clans. Consider this: There
are nations of vampires, even as there are nations of men. Just as the humours may mix and balance in
different ways to Form phlegmatic Frenchmen or sanguine Englishmen, so too do the remaining humours
shift their proportions in the bodies of these vampires to create nations among them. Some are in such
imbalance that their very Features are twisted into a mockery; others could not be distinguished from
living men unless goosedown were to be held under their noses to catch their exhalations.

He himself claimed to belong to a nation of Cainites, as he put it, called Gangrel. The word is
broad Scots, } believe, or perhaps Pictish. He told me of others as well: foul sorcerers called the
Tremere (from the Latin "to shake," perhaps?), terrible scholars known as Cappadocians, itinerant


thieves called Raunos, unholy ideatists called Brujah and more. Uou may find it of interest, as a
Fellow veteran of the fighting in the Holy Land, that those rumors we had of the infidel's demonic
assassins, the so-called Hashishin, are quite true. Aelfred had something akin to Fear in his eyes when
he spoke of the "Sons of Hassam," and if a creature such as he fears these monsters, ther] can no
longer Fault the bravery of those who fell under their knives. ] merely commend their souls to God.

Og Mine Own Perit Anp tHE SERVANTS OF THE CAINITE

This second night of confession, Aelfred seemed less at ease, his eyes constantly darting to
the nighted windows. Even the smallest noises made him jump, and — ] cannot escape the
observation — he paced within my hut like a caged animal. A wolf, perhaps, or a great cat that
nonetheless knows that the lion waits outside For him. It made for most disagreeable company, and
he paused his recitation several times to bolt to the window and gaze into the night. At these
moments, ] could see quite clearly that his eyes were red-litten, not in the way that a cat's eye
willreflect the light of a torch, but rather shining with that unholy slow. Each time he would return
to his perch on my table, but the look of the beast took long moments to leave his visage.

At long last J could contain myself no more, and asked him what he Feared that dwelled in the
night. He replied that he did not Fear for himself, but rather for me. Certain of his kind had no Love
for the Church, nor those who served it, and by burdening me with his confession he may well have
exposed me to their ire. ] responded that he himself had demonstrated aptly that none of his kind
could approach me, whether to do me beneficence or harm. By way of reply, he drew along dagger
From his boot and, ere } could so much as move, hurled it past me to stick, quivering, in the lintel.

The blade came close enough to shear away a lock of my hair, and draw blood from my ear.
Jam quite certain that, had he wished, Aelfred could have put out either of my eyes with equal
Facility.

With a cat's smile, Aelfred informed me that no Cainite of any skill had any need to close with
me to do me harm, and that even the walking damned were proficient with the crossbow and the
dart, Furthermore, they had servants: humans, beasts and things no longer human or beast which
Aelfred called soules. These soules had partaken of the unholy sacrament of Cainite blood, in
diabolic parody of the Communion, while yet living, and as such shared certain of their masters'
powers. Uet as they were still among those who draw breath, they were not yet completely
damned, and could approach even (he said) so holy a man as myself without Fear. Indeed, he hinted
tome that Thomas aBecket was dispatched in this manner. When one considers the circumstances.
surrounding the archbishop's demise, Aelfred's insinuation makes chilling sense.

Still, my narrator was quick to add, it was not just men who could become goules, nor were.
all servants of the Cainites of this sort. Beasts who drank of the vampire's blood grew swift and
cunning beyond any natural measure, and hearkened to the commands of those unnatural voices.
Men who might be found at matins served the wills of vampiric masters, sometimes willingly,
sometimes not. Some of the vampirekind, it seems, have the power to seduce or command as the
whim suits them, and their word cannot be resisted. Kings have been commanded to war, princes
to treason and parricide, and queens to bastard- spawning adultery by these Cainite voices, and no
power under Heaven could have served as an aegis against them.

J must confess that at this, ] thought of the behavior of Abbot Dafydd, his anger at me so
unseemly in so mild a priest. Could it be that he had been ordered by some dread voice from beyond
the tomb to banish me, ere ] spoke too long of things that the Cainites did not wish revealed? In
Faith, ] do not know, but ] have my fears.

Natural beasts also serve the Cainites, it would seem. The rat and the mouse, the wolf and
the falcon, all hear the call of the walking dead and heed it. Aelfred was kind enough to
demonstrate such to me. As we spoke of other matters relating to his kind, ] became aware of the
presence of many eyes in the night, gazing in through the window out of which Aelfred was so fond
of peering. Staring into the night, ] could see the gleam of eyes — green, orange, yellow, unholy
red. The owl Looked back at me, as did the stag and the wolf. All manner of beast crouchedin silence
beyond my window. All were quiet, watching. None tore at another, nor did any seek to flee. They
merely sat, waiting, until Aelfred came to the window. Then, in seemly fashion, they dispersed back
into the night without so much as a bark or a titter.


God help us, it seems the Devil can make the lion lay down with the lamb as well.

After this display, and Aelfred's earlier warning, ] was no longer quite so prideful in my ability
to resist the ill-will of these Cainites, should they wish to do me harm. What good my faith that
would burn one of these damned souls at a touch if a soulless beast were commanded to take my
throat, or should a trio of goules seek to do unto me as they did unto the archbishop of blessed
memory? ] inquired of Aelfred more of those Cainites who, damned as they were, might seek to do
injury to even so humble a priest as myself, even as J uncovered and unwrapped the blade which had
served me so well in the Holy Land.

Aelfred seemed much disturbed by the retrieval of my blade, and was unable to speak For several
minutes. At length he admitted that he had heard tell of certain others of his kind who, even before
he sought me out, were displeased with my presence within the wood, and had already held council
to discuss excising me from their dominions. Indeed, he confessed with downcast Face, his confession
of the nature of vampirekind to me was intended in part as protection, that ] might know what arms
would suffice to defend me from these fiends. Even as we spoke, he was sure that those who wished
me harm were plotting against me. His presence might serve as a ward against their depredations
for so many nights as his confession continued, but what of the first night after ] granted him
absolution? He would no longer be able to shelter me from the others of his kind, and the Cainites
are nothing if not patient.

His voice dropped to a whisper, and, as a child might ask For permission, he begged For my leave to
help me defend myself against the Cainites who sought to do me harm. God forgive me, ] granted it.

1 knew the moment the words left my mouth that ] had erred most grievously. Nay, let me say
not erred; say sinned instead. For a sin it was, and it led to greater sins, and] am sinning still against
both God and man.

Aelfred lifted his Face from his hands, and in that moment certain truths were made plain to me
His visage was a mask of eagerness, and what he proposed then was simply monstrous. Uet the
alternative was more monstrous still...

Of DispaccninG tHe Beast

To wit, Aelfred claimed to know the name and domus of one of the Cainites whom, he claimed,
sought my destruction. Harald Leifsson, a Cainite damned during the days when the Norsemen
harried us From Whitby to Southampton, brought himself to earth each day not two miles from
where my cottage stood, and his was the loudest voice calling for my destruction. Now, this Harald
was centuries in the ways of the vampirekind, and as such a mere stripling such as Aelfred held no
hope of staying his wrath once the shades of night fell. Aelfred was but new come into his power;
this Harald was old and wise, a cunning serpent from centuries gone.

But, and here was Aelfred's hope, were J to come upon Harald by day, he would scarce be able
to rouse and defend himself, and the power of my faith would serve to defend me and weaken my
Foe. By laying to rest this Cainite, ] would protect myself and rid the earth of one who ought to have
been in the grave three hundred years gone. Surely there was nothing amiss in either of these aims,
yet Aelfred seemed almost overeager that ] might agree to his plan.

Made wary, J inquired as to the number and disposition of Harald's guards, as well as to their kind.
Jt would not do For one aged Crusader to find himself confronting a phalanx of the Fearsome goules,
daylight or J would be spitted like a fowl instantly. Aelfred had already thought of this, it seemed,
and detailed for me the number and kind of Harald's defenders. It seemed that the old Viking trusted
neither men nor soules of the usual sort, and instead surrounded his manor with fierce hounds which
he Fed both with his own blood, and, ] shudder to tell it, the flesh of serfs who displeased him.

lat once began considering tactics, for my fear and my hubris had allied in my soul, causing me
to agree to this mad plan. My sight swam with visions of Fanged fiends hovering outside my door,
waiting for me to drop to slumber so that they might devour me. In this mania, ] gladly agreed to
seek out and destroy this Harald, for Fear that he might destroy me first.

Aelfred, ever helpful, suggested a way in which he might aid me in dealing with the hellish hounds
which Harald employed. Returning to my window, he stared once again into the night, and ere the
candle had time to burn even half a notch lower, a great stag strode forth into the clearing


surrounding my domus. It stood, expéctant and regal, as Aelfred retrieved his blade From my
lintel and walked towards it. Silent'as ghosts they both were, and Aelfred placed his hand on
the proud neck of the beast. This is how it must have been in the Garden ere the Fall, ] thought,
man and beast in tranquilitas. Then came the snapping of the stag's neck, his regal head dréoping,
to the leafy floor, and ] knew how far Alfred had Fallen.

Working quickly, he hacked the stag into bloody chunks, all the while explaining that while the
soules hounds did Feast upon Harald's blood, they commonly took more earthly sustenance. They
would eat venison were it given to them, no doubt. Now should that venison contain a soporific or,
were ] to decide that these hellhounds ought to be dispatched, a poison, the hounds would be dealt
with forthwith, and J need never draw blade to deal with them. Surely, he said, so accomplished
a herbalist as myself would know of a potion that could induce sleep, or more than sleep....

Forgive me for thinking instantly of the oil pressed from the plant we call monkshood.

And so we worked the remainder of the night, hunched over the ruined corpse of the great
stag with our gloved hands smeared with blood and poison. ] was as a man ina Fever, and worked
as one to achieve labors in a single night which no man has any business accomplishing. A Full
hour before the sun rose, ] found myself laden with my old sword and a bloody pouch full of
tainted venison. The blood must have sung loudly in my veins, For ] Found Aelfred giving me odd
glances as we walked towards the place where the dreaded Harald lay.

We reached Harald's fields just as the sky began to lighten. Aelfred begged my pardon that
he could not help me any further, but afore he vanished into the shadows between the trees, he
pressed into my hand a scroll which he said ] would find useful. Then, like a phantom of the night,
he was sone. Fully determined to wait For true dawn ere ] began my assault, ] unraveled the scroll
my young guide had Left me. Jt was a map, cunningly done, of the rooms and corridors of the manse.
Included were notes detailing where traps had been laid, certain to catch even the most stealthy
thief who had not knowledge of their whereabouts. ] took the time that God allotted me before
dawn to study this sift, making certain that ] knew which floorboards were safe to tread.

Tt was not until many days later that } began to wonder at how Alfred came to possess
such a map. Certes, neither he nor any in his family ever learned to read.

But such considerations troubled me not, not with the promise of battle and danger singing,
tome as it had not since the day before we returned, broken and beaten, to Krak des Chevaliers.
My lost youth was as a troubadour, and ] longed for dawn. Inevitably, it came.

Shall tell you of that day's bloody work? OF the great fire-eyed hounds that were conjured
the second ] set foot on the Lawns of Harald's manor? Of the way they Fell upon the poisoned
sift) save them, and of the almost human cries they made as the monkshood did its work? Shall
J tell you of the treasures of antiquity that house held, the Byzantine and Babylonian? Idols and
icons, all jumbled with treasures stolen from Saracen and Christian alike? Shall J tell you that
Alfred's intelligence was not of the best, and that there was a human servant treading the halls
who set upon me with a scramasax, even as ] sought his master's tomb?

Shall] tell you killed a man in cold blood? Bless me, Father, for ] have sinned, and there can
be no absolution.

Of tHe Bep And WratLau Upon Ie

Eventually] came to where Harald lay, stretched out ona wooden bed adorned with the pagan
images of his old gods. Tror, Wodan and others ] cannot name; their bearded visages laughed at
me as J reached within my bloody pouch for the wooden stake with which to still my prey,

It was a boy that lay on that bed. Not a beardless youth, such as Aelfred, but a boy. He was
eight, perhaps nine years old, with the golden hair of the Swedes and a visage to make angels
weep. Pale was his cheek, and he wore a simple shift of white. He breathed not in his slumber,
laying on blankets richly woven, nor did he stir. A doll of rags, such as any child might have, lay
by his side, and his head rested on a pillow of scarlet silk.

This could not be amonster, ] thought. Only a boy, an innocent boy was Lying here. My blade
clattered to the floor, and he did not stir. ] reached forth my hand, the one that held not the stake,
and placed it, gently, on his Forehead to see if he lived.


Jt was then that his eyes opened, and even so sreat a fool-as] knew with what J dealt. For there
was age in those eyes, blue as the icy sea he must once have sailed, older than the trees and colder
than the ice. Age was there, and J read centuries of hateful existence in that one moment. With
my hand yet on his brow, he opened those ancient eyes and saw me, and this vision of angelic beauty
hissed at me. A serpent's hiss, even as his perfect face began to char under my touch,

God be praised my other hand still held the stake. ] am certain that had ] used my sword
instead, he might have withstood the blow and done me grievous harm. Vet the stake J still held,
and] plunged it deep into his breast. ‘Twas not enough; he clawed and scrabbled at my Face even
as rivers of blood poured from his chest and made a ruin of his bed. Howling like a madman he was,
and] howling with him, but none to hear us but the dead. Again ] lifted the stake, and again 1
brought it down, yet this time he twisted, that ] struck him in the side. ] wounded him sore, though,
for his thrashings grew more frantic as he tore at the hand that made a ruin of his brow.

A\third time J raised the stake and brought it down, and this time, God be praised, he ceased
to struggle. His eyes were yet open, though, mirabile dictu, and] knew with a perfect Faith that
he could see and understand all that happened, even with a stout oaken stake plunged deep into
his heart. Had any claim to wisdom, } would have carried this monster, this Harald outside into
the blessed sunlight, and tested Aelfred's claims once and for all. ] knew that was what the boy
feared, for there were neither windows nor sources of flame in his chamber. Only rich Furnishings,
dimly lit and now stained with twice-used blood.

Vet a voice whispered to me, the Tempter's voice. Unprecedented opportunity lay before me
to sain knowledge of the Cainites that no other man might know. My Findings would be relayed
to the Church, for the good of all Christian men, so that they might defend themselves better
against this threat. Did we not study the Saracens so that we might fare better against them
in battle? Did we not gaze upon their fortresses and learn? Wherefore should we not do the same
with the Cainites, who were a greater threat than Saladin and ten others ] could name combined?
Nay, better to bring this beast called Harald back where J might study him, and learn how mere
men might yet triumph over these creatures of the Adversary.

In bloody blankets J wrapped him, careful not to dislodge the stake which] had planted in his
breast. In many folds he was covered, til ] was certain that not a single ray of sun might singe
his Flesh. My own proximity was enough, it seemed, to raise blisters. } was loath to expose my prize
to sreater perils. And even as J trussed him like a deer taken in the bunt, he did not so much as
move. Only his eyes gave any indication that J dealt with more than a shell, for in them J read
undying hatred and all of the malice three centuries could muster.

J resolved then to end my researches quickly and dispatch this poor soul, first offering him
a last confession.

Suffice it to say that ] was able to return to my domus with my prize, unseen by any man or
creature, before the sun sank below the trees. The cloth ] had swaddled Harald in proved thick
enough, and when] cleared my worktable and unwrapped him he proved to be only somewhat the
worse for wear. J immediately tied him down with straps of broad leather, so that he might not
escape or threaten me in my sleep, then burned the bloody rags in the fire.

Iwas still at this chore when Aelfred reappeared. He seemed ecstatic that ] was well, and
inquired after the day's sally. Before J had fairly begun my account, he stood within my domus,
gazing upon the dread Harald with the same cat's smile he had shown me aforetimes.

He did not seem at all surprised to see his rival, stretched out and impaled. Gratified, rather.

Of tHe Binpine of tHe Cainite
He immediately set about making the straps tighter, explaining as he did so that it would seem
that Harald had expended most of his ill-gotten blood and was near to being harmless. It would
seem that while Cainites lack the sanguine humor, it is the Fuel For their inhuman Feats. Deprived
of it, they fall into slumber or worse; fed a trickle, they are merely sustained. It was long minutes
ere he was finished, long indeed, and all the while that poor mad boy's eyes Looked up at me with
the blackest hatred imaginable.


When Aelfred had completed his work with the straps, he turned to me and shrugged ruefully.
We had come, he said, to the end of his knowledge about his Cainite kind; all that he had left to tell
me was rumors and hearsay. But, if] wished, a greater source of knowledge lay before me in the Form
of the helpless Harald. ] could, he explained, learn much from the so-called child who lay bound before
me. ] could deprive him of blood and watch his reactions, or provoke him to rage and test his limits.

J objected on moral grounds, that torturing even one such as this Harald was purported to
be (for ] had grown to trust Aelfred's word less since the incident with the unfortunate servant)
was no Fit occupation for a man of God, and that enough blood had been shed by me this day. }
sought to see no more. "a

Vet Aelfred persisted still. Surely this unnatural creature had no claim on God's mercy or
on mine, having existed unnaturally since the days of Aethelred the Unready. During those long
centuries, he had committed acts of such an unspeakable nature that even now, other Cainites
shuddered at his name. It was even rumored that Harald had, in imitation of blind Oedipus, slain
his own sire and drunk dry the well from which he had sprung. Whole villages had fallen to his
depredations, Fed either to his ravenous appetites or to those dogs whose corpses lay stiffening
in the evening's breeze.

Besides, he continued, and here J recognized the voice of the Tempter J had heard within the
walls of Harald's manse, } should think upon the uses the knowledge ] would gain. Knowledge of ways
to stymie the vampire, his weaknesses and flaws. For even such as Harald's kind had weaknesses,
and it lay within my grasp to discover them. Such secrets would serve me well, Aelfred noted,
should any of Harald's companions or childer discover my whereabouts. A\s ] had slain one of the
vampirekind, ] would surely be marked for vengeance by any who sought to avenge Harald.

So this, then, was my wyrd. ] had slain a vampire; now ] must plunge deeper in to their world
of madness and blood ere J be slain in turn. } had killed a man; the only absolution} could perform
would be to grant a great gift unto all of mankind. ] had undertaken this task to save Aelfred's
soul; now perhaps ] might be able to save mine and the misbegotten Harald's as well. } knew that,
evenshould] grant Harald final peace at this moment, my prior existence could never be regained.
1 would Forever fear the night and what it contained, and no more would] be able to merely labor
in my garden without seeing the guilty herbs that laid low Harald's watchdogs. No, J could not
go back, and to stand still would be to invite death. ] could but go forward and pray that God's
mercy holds room For even one such as myself.

Shuddering with self-loathing, ] assented. Thus did] seal my own damnation, thus are Aelfred's
black soul and mine linked in eternal perdition. With a wolfish smile, Aelfred handed me his knife,
still stained with the blood of the stag whose flesh had gone to feed the dogs their last supper.
The stripped corpse still lay beyond my door. Jn the silence of the night the flies buzzed loudly.

Still, it is better that someone enjoys the Fruits of my damnation. Let me relate to you what
we discovered, Aelfred and ], as we subjected Harald to the torments of the very Pit itself.
Perhaps you, or one of your superiors shall take my account and because of it, be better armed
against the Cainite foe. Perhaps then will my actions have a saving grace.

Of tHe ORGANS AnD Sancuinis of tHe Cant]

What we learned that night was repellent beyond measure, but also fascinating. Having
Aelfred make an incision in the chest of the boy Harald (for my touch still provoked agony and
char), ] was able to examine his entrails and to find them shriveled nearly to dust. Had a Roman
augur found such within a sacrificial beast, ‘twould be a certainty that the Emperor would lay
dead on the morrow. The only exception to the seneral desiccation was the stomach, which
pulsed a ruddy red. Even as J cut, the tissues attempted to mend themselves. Aelfred assured
me that this would be so until Harald completely exhausted his supply of sanguinis, at which point
there would be no more healing as the Fuel which stoked the Flame of his body would be lacking.

Jremonstrated at this knowledge, as my researches would have a rapid ending indeed were.
1 to be dealing with a dried-out husk within the space of a brace of nights. Harald must be fed, J
argued, else his suffering would be worse than useless, and] would grant him the misericordia at
that moment.


Aelfred relented at this, but demanded to know from what source would Harald's
nourishment come. Not me, certes; my blood would burn on his very lips. Not the beasts of the
field, AelFred argued; in Harald's weakened state such thin blood would not serve to nourish at
all. Not any other specimen of mankind, ] held firm, for even in the depths to which ] had sunk J
would not sive over another man, no matter how base, to the foul appetites of these dark
creatures. Alfred swore and cursed me, but ] stood firm, and at last he muttered darkly that
he would take it upon himself to feed our prisoner.

In horrified Fascination] watched as Aelfred took the bespattered knife in one hand, the still-
erect stake in the other. Even as] realized his intention, he pulled the stake forth with the sound
of a stick being pulled from the mire. Harald at once began to strain mightily against his bonds,
but even at his first motion, Aelfred had taken the knife and drawn it across his own wrist. The
blood cascaded down as Alfred pressed his wrist to the boy's mouth, a look that J can but
describe with the word "Lascivious" crossing his Face.

Harald's reaction was curious. One would think that these Cainites would relish any blood
that they might be able to inbibe, yet at First he sought to spit the sanguinis offered him upon
the floor. Soon, though, his struggles ceased and he sucked greedily at Aelfred's wrist. ) was
reminded of a babe at its mother's teat, so rapturous was the expression on the boy's Face. It
made for odd contrast with Aelfred's lustful visage, and] found myself wondering again whether
he sought absolution, or something darker from me.

At length he pulled Free, and with a serpent-like tongue licked the place where he had cut
himself, then replaced the gore-rimed stake in Harald's chest. Of more interest to me, alas, was
the result of this unholy Feeding upon the gaping rents that AelFred's knife had made in the boy's
Form. Before my unbelieving eyes, the very place where the blade had bitten not an hour before
healed without so much as a scar. Not a mark remained, and for the remainder of the evening

_. Aelfred, for his amusement and my edification, made ever more horrendous wounds in Harald's
supine shell, so that we might watch the rate at which they healed. Some took as long as three.
days, ] noted, and multiple quaffs from the font at Aelfred's wrist.

At dawn Aelfred left, and] sank into an uneasy slumber. My vegetables I neglected oat day,
and my sleep was full of fallen angels bearing Harald's Face. ] awoke as a sun the color of the
bloody spittle on Harald's lips disappeared below the trees. Aelfred was at my door within the
hour, and we continued our grisly work.

Ob, that 1 had never granted him entry, and that J had hardened my heart against his
entreaties! This child, whose brothers ] had taught their catechism, became my teacher in the
ways of the Cainites. He inducted me into the mysteries of the vampiric flesh, and ] dwelt more
and more as he did, a creature of sundown to sunrise.

One night he resolved to demonstrate for me what is termed in barbarous German, the
Rotschreck. We took turns, Aelfred and J, moving a lit torch closer and closer to Harald's still-
burned face and waiting for him to explode into contortions of Fear. ] paid careful heed to the
necessary distance to provoke this reaction; you will find those notes also enclosed with this
missive. The terror in Harald's eyes quickly turned to madness, and then something else ] dare
Not name, but to see it was truly terrible.

Aelfred later explained that many Cainites held that they had an inner Beast, which } can only
take to mean a personal devil who travels with them and tempts them into even more evil than they
might craft otherwise. Aelfred corrected me, calling the Beast the animal that lives in all men, and
allowing that the Cainite nature made it possible for the Beast to surface far more violently than any
human temper might. So another series of evenings was spent poking and prodding at Harald''s Beast,
seeing what would cause it to snap and what would make it cower. ] was reminded inevitably of the
spectacle of bear-beating, but even the chained bear has to him more dignity than we allowed Harald.

Of course, Harald needed to be Fed in the wake of our work, and Aelfred was always happy
tooblige. The twonights after the first, Harald Fought against his supper, finding something more
distasteful in Aelfred's blood than even the wounds which my partner in damnation had inflicted
upon him. After the third instance, however, his manner abruptly changed, and there was liquid
adoration in his eyes as he gazed up at his Cainite tormentor.


For me, of course, there was the ‘old hatred, richly deserved.

We tested many things how many nights Harald could go without being fed and what might
the results of starving him be; whether the removal of any of his organs might impair his
Functioning; how Long it would take him to grow back severed Fingers, hands, and even limbs —
ob, the tortures we devised, all in the name of knowledge, that ] might sift the Church with the.
truth of the secret ways of vampires.

Uet my conscience, long numbed, srew restless even as my sleep srew troubled. Once the
great rush of discovery had fled, ] found myself worrying anew for Harald's soul — and even
Aelfred's. Taking care to cover the windows with heavy cloth, } Found myself doing something,
quite rash: removing the stake from Harald's breast in the middle of the day, and waking him that
we might converse.

Of an OAtH of BLoop

He was srogsy, of course, as one might expect of a demon wakened at midday. He hated
me as well, and cursed me in all the tongues that three hundred years had taught him. He
strained against his bonds, but wearily, like a man who had drunk too much wine. Eventually J
was forced to threaten him with the light of the sun, and he desisted sullenly.

This was not what ] wanted, however. ] wished to hear from Harald's lips the same words
that ] had heard from Aelfred's, that ] might know that my first Cainite acquaintance had told
me true. So] cajoled and wheedled, and obtained For him certain small animals upon which he
might feed. For the last he grudgingly thanked me, until ] mentioned that ] had previously
refrained from Feeding him such because Alfred had claimed that it would not sustain him. From
that point Forth he would not partake of the meals } brought him.

This secrecy went on for many days. By night ] would direct Aelfred's hands, or at least
think ] did; by day ] made efforts to reach Harald, that ] might see for his salvation. It was if J
had become two men, one for the night hours and one for the day. And still Harald loved Aelfred,
his tormentor, and still he hated me.

J did at last pry the secret From him one particularly brilliant May morning. ] know not what
possessed me that day, only that ] threatened to snatch down every piece of cloth that might
shelter Harald from the sun, and then expose him to its cleansing rays without so much as a
chance for final confession. Harald relented then, and told me of the source of his undying love
for my monstrous Alfred.

Jt would seem that there is witchery in the sanguinis that the Cainites bear in their veins.
Three tastes of it, and your passions are inextricably bound up in the one whose blood you have
drunk. Goules and great vampyrs are equally susceptible to this Blood Oath, as it is called,
though to name it an oath is a mockery. Those Feedings in the heart of the savagery, those.
actions which ] thought had been the wings of mercy beating in Aelfred's struggling soul, had
been merely his means to procuring the unbreakable Love of his rival.

The scales fell from my eyes at that instant. All was revealed to me, how all of Alfred's
false declarations of contrition were merely the carrot held before me as if] were some old
cart-horse that only required a treat to move in the desired direction. My every action from
the moment ] had first spied Aelfred's Face had been directed towards the moment when
Harald's devotion would be his. Through the love engendered by the Blood Oath, Aelfred would
have a servant more powerful than himself whose Loyalty was absolutely unquestionable. And
in all this, mine was the responsibility.

Jresolved that day to end matters. } offered Harald a Final confession, which he refused,
and destroyed him. Within an hour of my removal of his head with my spade, his body was ash
upon the table. One monster was destroyed; there remained the other. Heedless of my safety,
1 would seize upon Aelfred that night as he entered my domus, and with the power of my Faith
protecting me, remove that scourge from the earth. As for myself, ] would take myself to
Canterbury on pilgrimage, and perhaps thence to the Holy Land, to spend the rest of my days
in good works and repentance. ] hear that Saladin allows Christian pilgrims yet to seek
Jerusalem.


ee

Of Enpines

Jt was a good plan, ] think. Had J been the man ] was when this nightmare first seized me, it
would have succeeded admirably. Alas, ]amnot that man. Aelfred entered that night and, without
a word, ] clasped my hands to his face in hopes of burning out his accursed red eyes. *

Nothing happened, save that he took my hands and gently removed them, laughing. He told
me that we had countered each other; ] had destroyed his valued slave, but he had destroyed me.
My faith was gone, he said, and Lo, ] could not Find it within myself. And so we stood there, Cainite
and Faithless priest, in the dark of the night in a hut strewn with the ashes of a child three hundred
years dead,

Jhad thought, once my Faith was revealed to be a sham, that Aelfred would destroy me.
Instead, he smiled his wolf-smile and asked that ] serve as his confessor. Defeated, ] agreed.
What mattered if this monster's confession was heard by one who belonged not in the clergy?
Tt was God's will, not mine, that might grant this wretch absolution. So ] began the ritual, taking
comfort in its familiar words and phrasings. AelFred still remembered somewhat of his living days,
and waited until J asked him to enumerate his sins before betraying his wickedness.

] have lied many times, Father, were his last words to me. Jesu's wounds, but ] have lied.

Then, laughing, he strode off into the night. Behind him, ina dusty, bloody room, sat a broken priest.

J have since taken quill to parchment to record my experiences, in the hopes that my
knowledge will be of some use to Mother Church and the Christian kings of Europe in annihilating,
the race of Cainites. By the Rood, if they all bear resemblance to Aelfred and Harald, the sooner
the last is scattered to dust, the happier the lot of mere man on earth will be.

As For myself, | still sit in my ruined domus, Harald's ash sifting on the breeze. ] cannot go
back to what J have done; the villagers have branded me "the Black Priest", and murmur fearfully
of nigromancy and diabolism. ] expect them to haul me to the pyre ere long, should Harald's kin
not find me first. As For Aelfred, he still watches me from afar. Nights do come when J can see
the blaze of red eyes in the darkness, and the silent circle of beasts reforms outside my door.

Do what you think best with this information, Monsignor. All Christendom may rest in your
hands.

Vale

Fr. OF Fa



"2

p, «%

Hil SO se

[Boox

ONE: FLESH AND BLOOD

In the Vear of Our Lord N48, J took up sword and shield to march to
Edessa J was unlettered and ignorant, and believed that JI understood all
beneath God's Reaven, knew all the secrets to the earthly and mundane. J
was young.

Long before our tattered army set foot on the Castern deserts, we made
war on our orn The armies of the Second Crusade bickered among
ourselves, and the 7Doslems broke us before ve bad arrived. J was fuchy to
survive. Ravens choked the skies.

J walked the long road home, with a sword that bad tasted blood only
once,' the blood of a man of 15 years, who bad run at me with a spear. J was
tired, but strong enough to take or steal Food on the way back. J carried my
sword like a scar, and ferv on the road challenged me. Dy faith was lessened,
and J was older. Still it seemed that my life's trial was past. J bad killed J
could do 80 again and s0 J feared the coming days a little less.

Row was J ever to know what God bad designed for me?



ad S, "
om Os

This voortd is but a thucaffave ful of wo,
And voe ben pilgvirnes, passinge to and fror
QDeeth is an ende of every vwoorldly sore.
—Chaucer "the Rnights Tale

Varnpice: the Dark Ages is set at the dose of
thel2th centucyin medieval Cucope— the darker,
nastier Curope that existed in the past of the
World of Darkness. The Dark Wldieval world
is feiety similar to its counterpart in the ceal
vwoorld, so if you want more information you
can look into the history collections of yout local
library ot bookstore.

Although the end of the I2th century is the
primary fire in which Vampire the Dark Ages
isset, youcanset your oven chronicle inany era.
Wiost of the information in this book applies to
Cucope up until the fiest stirrings of the Renais-
santce, tho the ae varries Depending
on the iod. Dons t feel constrained by the his-
tory of the ‘ceal world," hovwevwer - ifs your
game, so take if vohat you voilll


is

For those familiar with Vampire: The Masquerade and the
other 20th century games, you will find both familiar and new
aspects to the Dark Ages. Much changed between the 12th and
20th centuries, so don't assume that the same things hold true.

ROLEPLAYING.

Vampire: The Dark Ages is not only astorytelling game, but
a roleplaying game as well. You not only tell stories, but actually
act through them by taking on the roles of its central characters.
It's a lot like acting, only you make up the lines.

Roleplaying is equal parts improvisational acting and Cow-
boys and Indians, a set of rules laid out over a story that everyone
in the game is involved in telling. Think back to the games you
played as a child; every time you imagined yourself as a knight in
shining armor or an Indian on the warpath, you were roleplaying.
Every time you chased dragons around the backyard or headed the
bad guys off at the pass, you were roleplaying. It's something
you've all been doing all along; now you have a name for it.
Besides, not everything you did as a child was inherently childish;
byallowingus to try on other people's skins, even fora little while,
these games helped us understand them (and ourselves) better.

Ofcourse, we're a long way from hiding behind the swingset
and arguing "Is not! Is too!" over whether the arrow was faster
than the six-shooter. That's why there are rules to this sort of
roleplaying, to provide a structure and a framework for the stories
that you tell. By using the basic rules that are provided in Chapter
Six, you can resolve conflicts and define the capacities of the
characters in the stories you tell.

In Vampire: The Dark Ages, it is best to play with only afew
players, five at the very most. It is far too personal a game to make
it very enjoyable witha large group. Much of its mystery and flavor
is lost when players must compete for attention. Indeed, we have
found that storytelling games of this sort work best with a
Storyteller and a troupe of only three players.

THE STORYTELLER

Vampire: The Dark Ages is structured a little differently
from the games you might be used to. In the first place, there is no
board or cards. Second, one player needs to be the Storyteller —
the person who creates and guides the stories. The Storyteller
describes what happens as a result of what the players say and do,
and must decide if the characters succeed or fail, suffer or prosper,
live ordie. Itisa very demanding task, but it'salsoarewardingone,
for the Storyteller is a weaver of dreams.

The Storyteller's primary duty is to make sure the other
players have a good time. The way to do that is to tell a good tale.
Unlike traditional storytellers, however, she doesn't simply tell
the story; instead, she must create the skeleton of a story and then
let the players flesh it out by living the roles of its leading
characters. It is a careful balance between narration and adjudi-
cation, story and game. Sometimes she must set the scene or
describe what occurs (such as when the characters are asleep), but
mostly she must decide what occurs in reaction to the words and
actions of the characters — as realistically, impartially and
creatively as she possibly can.


As the Storyteller, you are in charge of interpreting and
enforcing the rules, yet you are also an entertainer — you must
struggle to balance your two roles. Most of this book was written to
help you do just that. It won't make being a Storyteller easy,
because it never will be, but it will make you better at it.

The role of the Storyteller is explained in much more detail
in Chapter Eight.

THE PLAYERS

Most of the people who play this game will not be Storytell-
ers, but rather players, who assume the roles of the central
characters in the story. Being a player does not require as much
responsibility as being a Storyteller, but just as much effort and
concentration.

Asa player in a Vampire: The Dark Ages chronicle, you
will take on the persona and role of a vampire or Cainite, whom
you invent and then roleplay over the course of a story. The life
of your character is in your hands, for it is you who decides what
the character says and does. You decide what risks to accept or
decline. Everything you say and do when you play your character
has an effect on the world.

You must be both an actor and a player. As an actor, you
speak for your character and act out whatever you wish your
character to do or say. Whatever you say, your character says,
unless you are specifically asking a question of the Storyteller or
are describing your actions. By announcing and describing to the
other players what you are doing, you become a part of the
ongoing story.

Asa player, you try to do things that allow your character to
succeed, so as to "win the game." This strategy element is
essential, for it is what so often creates the thrill and excitement
of a dramatic moment.

Often after describing the actions "you" want to take, you
will need to make dice rolls to see if you succeed in doing what you
have illustrated with words. Your Character Traits, descriptions
of your strengths and weaknesses, dictate how well you can do
certain things. Actions are a basic element of storytelling games,
for they describe how characters change the world and affect the
course of the story.

Characters are central to a story, for they create and direct
the plot; without characters you can't have a story. As the story
flows, it is the characters who direct and energize the progress of
the plot, not the decisions of the Storyteller.

To some extent, you are a Storyteller as well as a player, and
should feel free to add ideas and elements to the story, though the
storyteller may accept or reject them as she sees fit. In the end, it
is the story, not your character, which is the most important. The
character isa tool for telling a good story, not the other way around.

CHARACTERS

On a basic level, each of us is a character, composed of
mannerisms and memories, behaviors and experiences. Every-
thing we are and everywhere we've been are reflected in each
word and action we make. When playing Vampire: The Dark
Ages, though, we are asked to set aside our memories and masks,
and to pick up someone else's, even if only for a little while. This

can be incredibly enjoyable, providing us the opportunity to
achieve feats that are forever beyond us in our daily lives. Afterall,
how many of us get to stalk castle battlements or ride to the hunt
in the twilight mist every day?

This is the reward of roleplaying: the magical and impossible
achievements that are within our grasp when we pretend we're
someone else. And here lies the great difficulty of roleplaying —
the creation of a believable character.

Your characters will have part of you in them. This is
inescapable, and if there's nothing of your life in them, then
there's nothing you can do to bring them to life. On the other
hand, to be enjoyable to play a character has to be more than just
a part of yourself. You're yourself every day, after all; where's the
fun in being just yourself when you finally have the chance to be
someone else? To make characters believable, you have to give
them memories and motives that they can draw upon, unique
desires and quirks that make them more than just aspects of your
personality given a voice. Each character should be unique, equal
parts of experience and fantasy.

Vampire: The Dark Ages characters are easy tocreate. Ittakes
only a few minutes to work outall the Traits and the basic numbers.
Ittakes more effort to make this collection of numbers into a living,
breathing character. You must reach deep inside of yourself to find
enough that is real and true to produce a complete character. Dr.
Frankenstein's monster was easily assembled from available body
parts. It was infusing the breath of life that proved difficult.

Character creation is discussed in greater detail in Chapter Five.

CoreERIES

It is assumed that all the characters will be allies, and that
during the game they will operate asa group. This is not to say that
they will always get along, but they will watch each other's backs
and will share a few common ambitions. Called coteries, such
groups of vampires can be found from the halls of power to the
dankest slums. In most cases, the coterie of player characters will
comprise all the young vampires ina given area, unless it is one of
the largest cities such as Venice or Constantinople. Whether the
group is drawn together by a common interest, a common enemy
ormere survival, itis not hard to see that there is safety in numbers.
A single young Cainite alone will face hardships beyond those of
a group, and it is this group that each and every character will come
to depend upon. It is the coterie that unites the characters and
enables the players to work together throughout the story.

PLAYING Alps

For the most part, Vampire: The Dark Ages was designed to
be played arounda table. Though it does not require a board, there
are a number of props which require a table — or at least a flat
surface — to use properly. You will need dice, pencils and paper,
and photocopies of the character sheets. The dice required are 10-
sided, which you can find in any game store. The Storyteller may
also want to have paper on hand in order to sketch out a setting
(so as to describe it more easily to the players), as well as a few
other props to show the players what the characters are seeing
(sketches, candles, scarves — anything to make the experience
more vivid).

CHAPTER ONE: INTRODUCTION,


There is no single "winner" of Vampire: The Dark
Ages, since the object isnot to defeat the other players. To
win acall, you need to cooperate with the other players.
Because this isa storytelling game, there is no way for one
person to claim victory. In fact, Vampire is a game in
which youre likely to lose, for itis difficult todoanything
toslowyour character's inexorable descent into madness.
The whole idea is to hang on as lony. as possible and eke
out the most dram from the ongoing tragedy.

The. only true measure of success in Vampire is
survival. However, if the character has some overwhelm-
ing motivation, such as a need for vengeance,
accomplishing it is also a measure of success. Addition-
ally, stories have conclusions that either benefitor harm
the characters. If the characters learn that a presumed
murderer is really a vampire and manage to hale his
rampage, then they "win." Ifthey never even find out who
was behind the murders (much less manage to stop him),
then they lose, though they may not know ituntil too late.

In order to achieve even a partial victory, the char-
acters must usually become friends. They look out for one
another and have a modicum of trust in each other. The
Dark Medieval world is so dangerous that trustworthy
allies are essential.

Live-AcTION

Live-Action roleplaying can be the most dynamic and fun part
of playing Vampire: The Dark Ages. Live-Action roleplaying is
similar to improvisational theatre; the actors (the players) act
through the scenes created and introduced by the Storyteller. This
createsa much more intense and immediate storytelling experience.

Players in a roleplaying game generally describe what their
characters do and even say. During Live-Action roleplaying, how-
ever, players actually do what their characters do and say what their
characters say (within limits). They can stand up, walk around,
hold upa letter, shake hands or rush toa window tose what is going
on. Imagination is still important, and the Storyteller may still
interrupt the action to describe objects and special situatic

No dice are used during Live-Action sessions; alternate rules,
like those given in White Wolf's Mind's Eye Theatre line of Live-
Action products, take the place of dice when needed. For the most.
part, everything is decided through acting. The Storyteller simply
uses the characters' Traits to decide how well they manage to
perform certain mechanical actions (such as picking a lock). The
Storyteller also decides how the other Storyteller-run characters
react to the players' characters.

RULES
You must follow a few basic rules to ensure that Live-Action
roleplaying progresses smoothly and safely. These rules must be

obeyed if you intend to run any Live-Action roleplaying at all.
Safety is always a primary concem.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

* Don't Touch: A player should never actually strike or
grapple another member of the troupe. No sort of combat should
ever be performed — that is one thing you should leave for the
dice to decide. Ifplayers or Storyteller assistants get too rambunc-
tious in their roles, the Storyteller should call a time-out from the
acting and remind everyone of the rules of play. Repeat offenders
should be asked to leave, or the action should be returned to a
table and conflicts resolved through dice rolls.

© No Weapons: No props can be used if they must touch
another player to be effective. No real weapons of any sort can ever
be handled at any time during Live-Action roleplaying. Not even
propswordscan beused. The "no touch" rules must alwaysbe ineffect.

* Play Inside: Play inside your own home or in whatever
private area the game normally takes place. Make sure that
everyone else in the area understands what you are doing. Never
perform Live-Action if passersby may be confused or frightened by
the event. If you play outside, such as in the woods behind your
house, make sure privacy is maintained.

© Know When to Stop: When the Storytellercallsforatime-
out, all action must immediately stop. Even during Live-Action
(especially during Live-Action), the Storyteller's word is final.

THE BECOMING

The moment a human becomes a vampire is never forgotten,
for the transformation is usually painful and traumatic. A vampire
is created when an existing vampire drains all the blood from a
mortal, killing him. However, just before final and absolute death
sets in, the sire pierces open her own skin and releases a small
amount of blood into the victim's mouth. This rouses him some-
what, and he begins to drink from the sire's open wound. All it takes
for the transformation to occur is the absence of one's own blood
and the tiniest bit of vampiric blood.

Most characters take on the lineage of their sires, and are
therefore of the same clans. The clan membership affects what
Disciplines a character can have at the beginning of the game; it
also delineates a special weakness of the character. Often charac-
ters of the same clan will be allies and will strive to support one
another, though this is not always the case.

For the next few years or decades, the newly created childe
remains with his sire. He may be taught nothing or everything,
nurtured or abused, restricted or granted full freedom. But until he
is released by his sire and presented to the prince of the fiefdom, he
is not accepted in vampire society.

THE HUNGER

Vampires must feed; this fact is the lowest common denomi-
nator of their existence. Hunger is not merely a need, it is an
all-consuming passion. The thirst for blood isa primal instinct for
survival, for only through blood may the vampire survive. The
blood need not be human, and even if it is mortal vita, the death
of the vessel is not required (although the bloodlust often causes
vampires to lose their restraint when they begin to feed, and thus
to drain all life from their victims). Vampire teeth leave only a
small wound, and even this disappears if the vampire licks the
wound.


Because the sire never returns to the childe all of the blood
she withdrew, the young vampire is soon consumed by a ravenous
hunger for blood. As the childe has no experience with this
overwhelming urge, it is as total as it is immediate. The fledgling
cannot fight the urge except through a constant exertion of
Willpower, and even then frenzy might overcome him if fresh
blood comes within smelling distance. Vampires need to feed
regularly, usually once or twice a week.

Nature OF THE BEAST

What does it mean to be a vampire? Cainites are not, despite
their appearance, human — they have an alien nature and differ from
mortals in many fundamental ways. One may start with the picture of
ahuman, but it is a lethal mistake to think vampires are exactly like
us. Yet they are similar enough to us that they can be compared and
contrasted to humanity. By comparing vampires to humans, it is
possible to discover what their capabilities and limitations are

Ie is important to keep in mind that, because a vampire's
basic needs differ so completely, other desires vary as well. Food
other than blood is no longer necessary — but unfortunately, one
can't just purchase blood at the local farmer's market either.
Vampires are predatory beasts by nature, and though the desire for
temporal power over the world of Cainites and kine alike often
distracts them for a time, they cannot deny what they truly are

Most vampires who survive more than a few years develop a
kind of philosophy that allows them to continue on each night, to
balance their own souls with the needs and desires of the Beast
within. Many call these systems of belief Roads or Via, for they help
to guide the vampire through unlife, establishing a code of ethics
and beliefs that remain constant in a chaotic world.

Sodery OF THE Nicur

Caine's childer are relatively numerous in the Middle Ages.
Acity of 10,000 mortals may havea dozen resident vampires, with
halfa dozen more in the surrounding towns and villages. Princes
often have only loose control over their subjects, and cannot
easily restrict the number of neonates who are sired. And some
Cainites exist without ever huntinga mortal, instead establishing
willing herds in isolated communities or feeding from easily
available animal vitae.

Thisisa grand but terrifying age in which to bea vampire. On
one hand, it is a time of fear and superstition, of blind obedience
and casual brutality. If an isolated cottage is too far from the
nearest village for the screams of its inhabitants to be heard, then
the withered husks within may not be discovered for a season or
more. Life is cheap and for the taking, and few gainsay the right of
thestrong to subdue —or destroy — the weak. On the otherhand,
itis also a time of terror for Cainites. There are few places to hide
from the sun and the torch, and the roads are made perilous by
brigands and ravening Lupines. It is an age of faith as well, and the
lowliest peasant might hold in her heart the power to thwart even
the mightiest vampire lord. Great rewards and great perils fill the
nights and days of the Cainite. From the Nile Delta to the Iberian
Peninsula, from Moslem Jerusalem to the Teutonic barbarisms of
the Schwarzwald, it is an age of darkness, lit by the flickering of
torches and the gleam of red eyes in the night.

INTRODUCTION


PROBLEMS AND POWERS
Ie might seem at first that the Cainites in the Middle
Agesare ina much stronger position than their 20th-century
descendants. They are vampires of earlier generations, far
more powerful than those Embraced 800 years later. They
need not worry about foes wietFtsigh-tech communications
or weaponry. They need notfear beingphotographegf§nd are
not obliged to maintain a strict Masquerade.
However, they also have a great number of disadvan-
tages. First, settlements are smaller. Most cities have fewer
than 10,000 inhabirants, so that an unfamiliar face is epsily
spotted, and there are no faceless millions for thera to feed
upon. Curfews are commonplace. Naked fires burn in'every
home, while candles and torches provide lighting in easily
flammable buildings. Travel is difficult for vampires, as all
common forms of transport expose the traveler tp the sun.
Further, the Cainites lack many of the conveniences
that 20ch-century vampires enjoy. Thisisa world where all
trade is done in the daylight, with no 24-hour stores. It is
a world without telephones of faxes, answering machines
or computers: ifa vampire wants to speak with any mortal,
she mustdo so face-to-face. Most importantly, the Cainites
live in asogietythat knows they exist and claims that they
are the Devil's pawns. Worse still, the beliefs of the people
lend power to the Church's rituals, and so many church-
men have real power to harm or even destroy vampires.
And then, of course, vampires must beware of the
Lupines — far more powerful than in the 20th century and
sworn enemies of vampires — unpredictable faeries, rest-
less ghosts and scheming mages.

ORGANIZATION

Travel through medieval Europe is slow and dangerous, and
so communications are limited. Information and orders are diffi-
cult to relay. There are no large sects overseeing the Cainites.
There are simply individual clan elders and princes, all exerting
influence on their neighbors for their own disparate ends.

Tne CLANS

The most important clans, both the most numerous and most
powerful, are Clans Ventrue, Tzimisce, Lasombra, Brujah,
Nosferatu, Malkavian, Cappadocian and Gangrel. In addition,
the newly formed Tremere clan, the Setites, the Assamites and the
Toreador are each established in small portions of Europe. Ravnos
vampires visit occasionally from the East, and the remnants of the
demonic Baali remain in hiding somewhere on the continent.

CAINITES AND Mortats

There are few large cities in Dark Medieval Europe, andeven
those such as Madrid, Venice and Constantiople contain but a
fraction of the number of kine in modern Paris, London or New
York. Few people stray from their houses after dark, instead
waking with sunrise and sleeping at sunset, echoing the cycles of
the vampires who would prey upon them. The Church wields the

VAMPIRE: 1


powers of Faith against all creatures of the night, especially
undead creatures who would steal the lifeblood of their parishoners.
One would think that these factors would mean but a few
vampires would be found in each city...but this is not the case.

Certainly, vampires are not found in the same numbers
during this age as in later periods, but overpopulation is becoming
a serious threat to the survival of Cainites during this period.
Many ride the nightas dark lords, using their power tocontroland
frighten the local folk into timid obedience. Territory is fiercely
guarded, and to feed from another vampire's herd is a quick path
toward Final Death, if discovered.

Vampire politics are heated, with a great many Cainites
competing for scant resources. Vampire princes struggle to keep
hunting and feuds among their subjects from drawing the atten-
tion of mortal authorities, but this is often difficult. It is not hard
to see why the Inquisition formed not long after this period, in an
attempt to curtail the perceived flood of undead who threatened
the good folk of the Church.

Moreover, because vampires are unable to participate in
normal mortal life — whether commerce or leisure — those who
want power in mortal society must act through proxies and attend
the few feasts and fetes held after sunset in the noble houses while
the common folk are fast asleep. In this night and age, Cainites'
relations with their ghouls, herds, allies and retainers become
more important.

LEXICON

There exists among the Cainites a distinct patois, drawing on
many tongues and giving newshades of meaning to certain mortal

words. One can often tell what generation a vampire is by
listening to the parlance that she employs. There is a sharp
distinction between the words used by neonates and those of
elders. The wrong word in the wrong circumstances is often
considered a serious breach of etiquette.

COMMON PARLANCE

‘These are the terms that are most commonly used among
vampires during the Dark Ages.

Becoming, The The moment one becomes a vampire; the
metamorphosis from mortal to Cainite. Also
called The Embrace

Book of Nod, The The "sacred" book of the Cainites, tracing the
race's origins and early history. It has never
been published in its entirety, although frag-
ments are known to exist in various languages.

Beast, The The drives and urges that prompt a vampire

to become entirely a monster. Vide Man infra.

The vampire's heritage. That which makes a

vampire a vampire.

The most potent bond that can exist between

vampires; the receiving of blood in an ac-

knowledgment of mastery. This grants a mys-
tical power over the one who is bound.

A vampire with no clan; frequently used in a

derogatory fashion. To be clanless is not a

virtue among the Cainites.

Blood

Blood Oath

Caitiff

Elysium

Embrace, The

Fledgling

Generation

Gehenna

Ghoul

Haven

Hunger, The

Jyhad, The

A term used for a young, inexperienced

or foolish vampire. The plural form is Childer.
A group of vampires who share certain mysti-
cal and physical characteristics.

The fiefdom claimed by a vampire.

A vampire 300 years of age or older. Elders
consider themselves the most powerful
Cainitesand usually engage in their own Jyhad.
The name given for the places where the
elders meet and gather, commonly public
places of culture.

The act of transforming a mortal into a vam-
pire by draining the mortal's blood and
replacing it with a small amount of the
vampire's own blood.

Ayoung, newly created vampire. Vide Neonate,
Whelp.

The number of steps between a vampire and
the mythical Caine. Caine's get were the sec-
ond generation, their brood the third, andsoon.
The end of the Third Cycle; the impending
Armageddon when the Antediluvians shall
awaken and devour all vampires.

A servant created by allowing a mortal to
drink Cainite blood without the draining that
would give rise to a progeny.

The home of a vampire or the place where it
sleeps.

As with mortals and other animals, the drive
to feed. For vampires, though, it is much more
intense, and takes the place of every other
drive, urge and pleasure.

The secret war being waged between the few
surviving vampires of the third generation,
using younger vampires as pawns. Also used to
describe any sort of conflict or warfare among
vampires.

To take the blood of a mortal, or the act of
taking blood in general.

A werewolf, the mortal enemy of the vampires.
The element of Humanity which remains ina
vampire, and which strives against the base
urgings of the Beast (qv).

A vampire who has established a claim to
tulership over an area, sometimes called fief,
and is able to support that claim. Though
prince is the most common term, some rulers
are referred to as the overlord, suzerain, baron
or sheik of the area. The feminine form is still
prince.

The parent-creator of a vampire, used as both
the female and male form.

A potential or past source of blood, typically
a human.

CHAPTER ONE: INTRODUCTION


Ob ForM

These are the words used by the elders and other vampires of
antiquity. Though these terms are rarely used by the newly
created, they are still the fashionable vernacular among the more
sophisticated Cainites. Elders may often be identified simply by
their vocabulary.
Amaranth

Ancilla

Theactofdrinking the blood ofotherCainites.
An "adolescent" vampire; one who is no
longer a neonate, but is also not an elder.
One of the eldest Cainites, a member of the
third generation. A warlord of the Jyhad.

A vampire who refuses to be a part of Cainite
society and does not recognize the domain of
a prince.

A vampire.

The mortal populace, especially that element
of it which is the most unsavory and lacking
inculture (whom the Cainites largely feed upon).
A group of Cainites who protect and support
one another against all outsiders. Vide Brood.
One of the same lineage (usually a younger
member).

Antediluvian

Autarkis

Cainite
Canaille

Coterie
Consanguineus
Diablerie The act of feeding upon other vampires, out
of either need or perversion. Vide Rogue.
The state of being to which many vampires
aspire, in which a balance is found between
opposing urges and scruples. Many Cainites
see it as the only path to salvation. Like the
mortals' Nirvana, it is often spoken of, but
seldom achieved.

A contemptuous term for mortals, often used
in opposition to Cainite.

The code of vampires, allegedly created by
Caine. Itsuggests biblical justice —an eye for
an eye, a tooth for a tooth,

The bloodline ofa vampire, traced by Embrace.
Anelderwhono longer lives among the other
Cainites. Many Methuselah belong to the
Inconnu.

Ayoung, newly created Cainite. Vide Fledgling,
Whelp.

Golconda

Lextalionis

Lineage
Methuselah

Neonate

A vampire who surrounds himself with mortal
or ghoul followers in a cult or coven to better
obtain sustenance. The practice is less common
than it once was.

Acollective term forall the vampires created by
one sire. Less formal, and less flattering, is Get.

Osiris

The right of princes to rule, as well as the rules,
lawsand customs enforced by a particular prince.
One who has a Blood Oath over another
Cainite, through giving said Cainite blood
three times. Vide Blood Oath.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Retainers Humans who serve a vampire master. They
are generally either ghouls or mentally domi-
nated by their vampire master. This control is
sometimes so complete that the mortals are
unable to take any action of their own volition.
Siren A vampire who seduces mortals, but does not
kill them and takes only a little blood after
putting the mortal into a deep sleep.

The dream dance during the final stage of the
quest for Golconda.

Caine, the progenitor ofall vampires, according
to the Book of Nod (qv).

A vampire who is held under a Blood Oath,
and thus under the control of another Cainite.
Blood.

Acontemptuous term for one's own progeny.

How 0 Use
Tuts Book

This book is designed as a guide, a jumping-off point from
which you will create your own stories. Remember that it is not
meantto be the final authority — that job is left to the Storyteller.
Use what you find here as the basis on which to build your own.
chronicle, and let your imagination be your guide.

The book is further divided into Books One, Twoand Three.
Book One describes the world in which Vampire: The Dark Ages
takes place. Book Two contains all the information you need to
create a beginning character and start playing. Book Three is
information for the Storyteller, including suggestions for how to
resolve difficult rules situations, how to structure a chronicle, and
what sorts of antagonists the player characters may run into.

Chapter Two: Setting describes the world of Dark Medieval
Europe, combining the history of the real world during this period
with the sinister goings on in the World of Darkness.

Chapter Three: The Clans details the bloodlines of vam-
Pires present during this period, and their relations to each other.

Chapter Four: Character demonstrates how to create a
character and explains the Abilities and Attributes that will be
used to describe your character.

Suspire
Third Mortal
Thrall

Vite
Whelp

Chapter Five: Disciplines explains the supernatural powers
vampires possess.

Chapter Six: Rules covers the basics of how to play the
game, converting ideas and situations into die rolls.

Chapter Seven: Systems outlines a number of different ways
to resolve conflicts in the game, as well as showing how the
characters' Traits can increase or decrease as the game goes on.

Chapter Eight: Storytelling is intended as an introduction to
the art of storytelling, giving both new and experienced Storytell-
ets ideas for chronicles and advice on how to keep things moving.

Chapter Nine: Antagonists provides a range of potential
enemies and other characters for the Cainites to interact with,
including mortals, beast fantatical and mundane faeries, spirits,
werewolves and mages.


}

RESOURCES

Movies AND TELEVISION

© The Name of the Rose is perhaps the best Dark Medieval
movie—and the book is even better, if youcan wade through the
depth and detail.

* Robin and Marian (starring Sean Connery and Audrey
Hepburn) is a good, earthy story with a suitably dismal ending.

* Jabberwocky may be comedy, but the foul city streets and brutal
fight scenes are very much in keeping with the Dark Medieval world.

* The "Brother Cadfael" episodes of PBS' Mystery!, starring
Sir Derek Jacobi, have a suitable feel and good visual reference.
Ifthey aren't available, look for the original novels by Ellis Peters.
These books are rich with vivid characters and historical detail.
Many of the episodes are also available in video stores.

Robin of Sherwood (made in the '80s, first staring Michael
Praed and then Jason Connery). The Robin of Sherwood episodes
have plenty of good ideas on incorporating supernatural elements
into medieval stories. Some nonfiction books may also provide
you with inspiration.

©The Pit and the Pendulum, a 1991 Corman film giving a
particularly nasty view of the Inquisition.

* Ladyhawke, a tale of lovers cursed by a wicked bishop to live
as shapeshifters, has a more high fantasy feel, but is still good
material for flavor or background.

* Bram Stoker's Dracula by Francis Ford Coppola may be a
less-than-sparkling adaptation of the novel, but it's a fantastic
source for mood and visual images. Especially note the medieval
flashback scenes.

Books
The Medieval Reader, Norman F. Cantor

The Art of Courtly Love, Andreas Cappelanus
Dictionary of Witchcraft and Demonology, R. H. Robbins

Magic in the Middle Ages, Richard Kieckhefer

Standards of Living in the Later Middle Ages, Christopher
Dyer

England in the Thirteenth Century, Alan Harding

Life in a Medieval City, Joseph and Frances Gies

The "Brother Cadfael" Mysteries, Ellis Peters

Most recent medieval history textbooks are good references
for basic facts, and they're often available secondhand for a
discount at college and university bookstores at the end of a term.
While older books will give you most of the same information,
many of the more recent books are mote readable, and may provide
a different perspective on the period than older references, par-
ticularly with regard to the role of women, minorities and other
disenfranchised groups during this period.

OTHER SOURCES

Bear in mind that historical sources are not the only sources
of inspiration for a Dark Medieval chronicle; most games will
include elements of both history and fantasy, which is part of the
appeal of this setting. Feel free to draw on novels, movies and
music that represent your own view of the Dark Medieval period,
as well as the more historical sources. By combining all these
things with a healthy dose of imagination, you will be able to
create a world that is entirely your own.

GAMES

Countless other roleplaying games have covered fantasy
worlds, and sourcebooks for these games can provide new ideas to
bring into your Dark Ages chronicle.

Pendragon, Chaosium

Dungeons and Dragons (especially the Ravenloft setting), TSR

Ars Magica, White Wolff Wizards of the Coast

GURPS Medieval, GURPS Fantasy, Steve Jackson Games

Warhammer, Games Workshop

MERP, Iron Crown Enterprises

CHAPTER ONE: INTRODUCTION


We miserable! vohich voay shell I fy
dnfinite vocath and infinite despair?
YOhich voan 2 fly is Bell myself am Bell
Cnt, in the lovwest deep, a loveer deep
Still threatening to decour me opens voide,
Lo vohich the Bell 3 suffer seems a Deaven
-Wiilton, Mavadise Lost

bs sti ea the Wark Ages takes you to the
nights ol longago. vohen vampires were the truce
monsters of castleand graceyardand peasants
huddled in their homes, dutching their rosaries
in frenzied prayer. Enter an age vwohen the
Damped code through the darkness as Gack
knights, playing Machiacellian games with the
nobles of Curope and traveling to the muysteri-
ouslands of the Cast to pursucanages Ad wor.

Mthisis the Dark Medieval world, in which the
shadovey sides of fantasy and ceality meet.
Things are a little more sinister, and the wind
Hows a little colder on a moornless winter's
night. Sut it is an exciting time to be alive,
nonetheless... andanevoen moreercifing time to
be among the vwoatkirig Dead.

CHAPTER TWO: THE DARK AGES


On the surface, little differs from the real medieval age;
castles serve as both homes and fortresses to the nobility, while
most peasants count themselves lucky to live with their families
in drafty one-room buildings. Wars are fought in the name of God
and man, and to speak out against one's liege is both blasphemy
and treason. But in the darkest hours of the night, undead spirits
in the shape of men walk in the shadows...

This chapter describes the setting of Vampire: The Dark
Ages: the culture and society of both the mortal masses and the
undead vampire lords who prey upon them.

THe DARK
MepiEvaL Worip

"Dark Medieval" is the phrase we use to describe the world
of Vampire: The Dark Ages. It isa world in which vampires and
werewolves prowl the night, and the powers of magic and faith
bring the spark of the supernatural into the lives of everyone, from
the nobility to the peasants tilling the fields. Priests still bless the
fields, and village wise women are consulted for every worry, from
matchmaking and fertility to curing warts. Many folk still pay
homage to the "Fair Folk," or to older pagan gods.

But this isnota].R.R. Tolkien fantasy land—elves, dwarves
and the like are mere children's stories, and the few who claim to
have seen such mysterious beings in the deepest forests are

dismissed as madmen. Plagues threaten entire cities with the
spectre of death, and while the Church wields tremendous tem-
poral power, only the most devout saints can perform miracles.

The so-called Dark Ages of our world was the period between
the fall of the Roman Empire and the beginning of the Renais-
sance. The glory that was Rome crumbled, and the roads and
bureaucracy the Empire had brought to the continent quickly fell
apart. Trade decreased, and most people were too busy simply
trying to survive to spend time learning to read and write.
Knowledge of science and technology common during Roman
occupation was forgotten, and a cloud of superstition descended
on the Western world.

Times were difficult for the common man during this period.
Marauding armies sacked towns and pillaged villages. Cities lay in
ruins. Most of the art produced during this time was portable and
often practical, such as jewelry and pottery. Even some rulers were
illiterate, and only in scattered Christian monasteries did reading,
writingand academic learningcontinue. Most people were farmers,
never blessed with the luxuries of art or learning, living hard, short
lives, more at risk from disease and starvation than from invasions.

But the "dark" part of Dark Medieval means something
more, and is not restricted to a single decade or century. The
shadow that has fallen across much of Europe is a moral darkness,
a tejection of the spiritual. Respect for one's fellow man has been
eclipsed by the day-to-day struggle to survive. Many commoners
obey the laws of God and man more out of fear of the conse-
quences than from any real belief in what is "good" or "right." The


vampires who hold much of the power rule unchecked, and rarely
face the consequences of their actions. But the mortal world will
notlive in fear forever, and the day may come when the living will
rise up against the predators in their midst.

In the end, you will decide what the Dark Medieval world is
like in your chronicle. It may not be as dark as we've portrayed it,
oritmay bea living Hell on earth. It can be historical or fantastic,
a world of violence or intrigue, and will probably be all of these
things at one point or another. Use the tools in this book with
your own imagination to create a world that is uniquely your own.

MONSTERS IN THE NIGHT

Believed to be descended from Caine, the first murderer,
vampires are cursed forever to shun the sunlight and live off the
blood of the living. Yet the curse of God is tempered by the love
of Lilith, and through her blessings vampires possess many great
and powerful abilities beyond the ken of mortal man.

Mortals know that vampires exist, just as they know witches,
faeries, goblins, ogres and lycanthropes exist. While notall people
have seen them, they know better than to tempt fate. But the
monsters people fear often come in guises they don't expect:
monks, lords, hermits, beggars, pilgrims and countless other have
been undead predators in disguise. To the medieval mind, anyone
could be an agent of the Devil, and the wise man takes no chances.

FEEDING

Vampires need blood to survive, for they are unable to
produce any of their own. Many Cainites have pools of mortals
they feed from regularly, sometimes referred to as herds. Some
feed from the animals of the fields and forests, but many vampires
feel that the blood of these lower beasts is salty and bitter, unlike
the sweet nectar that flows through the veins of humanity.

Feeding need not always cause the death of the vessel. Wounds
caused by a vampire's fangs may be closed cleanly by licking the
wound. Many vampires possess the ability to make their victims
forget what happened, or perhaps only remember a passionate kiss
in the alleyway outside the tavern. Still others feed only upon the
sleeping and the wounded, thus avoiding the risk of discovery.

PrivaTE Wars

Like the chieftains and noble families who rule over the
mortal world, vampire society is divided into a number of clans,
based on lineage. Each clan has certain characteristics and
defining traits, which influence the kinds of people who are
chosen to join the ranks. As with vampires' mortal counterparts,
scheming and backstabbing are legendary. So too is internal
loyalty, for in many cases the ties of blood are stronger among the
undead than among any mortal bloodline.

Thirteen clans are present in Europe during this age, though
afew scattered minor bloodlines may be encountered from time to
time. More information on the clans, their internal dynamics and

external relations can be found in Chapter Three: The Clans.

OVERPOPULATION

Vampires have existed for millennia, preying upon mortals
like the parasites they are. The eldest vampires say that in Caine's
First City, his childer ruled as kings and gods over the mortal

population. But then came the Flood, and Caine saw the folly in
what he had done. He forbade those few remaining to beget more
of their kind, and left on a journey from which he has never been
known to return. But those of the second and third generations
had not the wisdom of their great father, and each sought to
produce a brood of its own, in mockery of the families that the sons
and daughters of Seth now brought into the world. So it was that
the clans were created and have flourished until the Dark Ages,
where our story begins.

Unlike mortals, who must struggle day after day to ensure
they have sufficient food to eat, vampires are surrounded by
unwitting prey. Without fear of the diseases and starvation that
strike down so many mortals, Cainites flourish. Abundant food
and few predators have produced an overabundance of vampires
the likes of which the world has never seen. As a result, compe-
tition for domain is fierce. Many vampires foolishly believe that
they have nothing to fear from mortals, and openly display their
supernatural powers. Others warn that this overconfidence may
lead to the downfall of all Caine's childer, and urge caution. Only
time will tell which faction will survive.

THE GATHERING STORM

In the centuries that follow the Dark Ages, vampires
leam the importance of hiding themselves away from
mortal eyes. Inquisitions of Church and state decimate the
Cainite populatiort, and only those who are able to blend
into mortal society survive. "4

But those days seem distant in the Dark Ages. In the
minds of most mortals, vampires are creatures of the Devil,
tobe feared — and either fought by the Church or avoided
entirely. With the power of their vampiric Disciplines and
a-cunning born from centuries of experience, some vam-
pires set themselves up as lords of outlying areas, taking
their tithes of blood from any unforcunates who pass by.
Others control the mortal rulersof the land, through potent
Blood Oaths and the work of their half-mortal ghouls.

DESCENT INTO MADNESS

For characters raised in the devout atmosphere of the Dark
Medieval world, to become a vampire is to become cursed by God,
afflicted with the mark of Caine and forever damned. Unlike their
jaded descendants of later centuries, medieval vampires take the
notions of salvation and damnation very seriously. Most find it
exceedingly difficult to continue on, night after night, in the
knowledge that they are damned.

To slow the downward spiral into madness and despair, most
vampires adopt a philosophy, called the Via or Road. A vampire's
Road is the path she seeks to guide her through existence, the
principles upon which her unlife is based.

Variations among Roads are widespread. Some seek only to
survive, living on instinct and the needs of their bestial souls.
Many take the Church's teachings to heart, and conclude that
they are indeed Hell's creatures. Reflective Cainites might muse
that their undying states are Satan's attempts to mimic God's
promise of eternal life. Since they cannot believe that they are

CHAPTER TWO: THE DARK HGES


maintained by any holy power, many Cainites conclude that they
owe their lives to Hell: the Church, after all, teaches that all
power comes from either God or Satan. In some cases this
provokes extreme feelings of guilt or self-loathing. Others con-
sciously attempt to serve Hell, in thanks for their immortality, in
the hopes of gaining further favors, or simply out of awe and fear.

GOLCONDA

Some vampires speak of a mythic state of enlightenment in
which the forces of instinct and self-control are in harmony. The
vampire learns to accept what he has become, and thereby gains
control of the Beast within. Those who still believe such stories
speak of how those who achieve this state are freed from Caine's
curse, no longer forced to live on the blood of the living.

sotorq

But in the Dark Ages, many vampires believe that forgiveness
may only come through the mercy of God. Those who search for
Golconda are berated as having turned away from both God and
Satan, selfishly believing that self-acceptance is more important to.
salvation than is the mercy of God. Asa result, fewer 12th century
vampires seek Golconda than their pre-Christian predecessors.

Socia, DISTINCTIONS

As in the mortal world, certain levels of social status exist
within vampire society. Most of these are based on age, though
some denote an individual's rejection of vampire society.

© Caitiff: Very rare in the Dark Medieval world, Caitiff are
clanless vampires. Whether they were abandoned by their sires or
they rejected their own clans, Caitiff exist outside the political
structure of vampire society. Without the protection of sire or
clan, they are in the lowest social position of any Cainites.

* Childe: Vampires bearing this title are newly created, and
have not yet been released by their sires. They are not considered
to be full members of vampire society, and are thus shown little
respect. They are treated as children until they prove themselves
ready to be released into the world. In the Dark Medieval period,
most childer remain with their sires for several decades, learning
how to make their way in the world.

The term "childe" is sometimes used as an epithet to denote
a weak or foolish vampire.

GENERATIONS

CAINE

Tt is an unresolved question — a mystery of heritage.

SECOND GENERATION

THIRD GENERATION

Tradition holds that NS! slayer of his brother Abel, is the Sire of All Vampires. This tenet engenders much
controversy within thé Cainite community, for none still exist who can claim with utter certainty to have met Caine. Certainly,
those of the second generation would know?but they're not talking. Some of the fourth generation who yet exist claim to have
met a being who may have been Caine, though this could simply have been a powerful Cainite of the second generation.

The existing translations of the Book of Nod, the sacred book of vampire mythology, place the number of second generation
vampires at three. Caine in his sorrow created them to live with him in his great city of Enoch. Little is known about these beings.
One can assume, based on the Book of Nod, that they were slain either during the Deluge or in the First War following the
Flood. As one might expect; ancient vampiggs are reluctant to speak of their sires and the great strife that overcame them all.
Undoubtedly, some know more than they choose to reveal.
Were any of the second generation still in existence today, they would possess power equivalent to that of the fabled
demigods of antiquity.

Itis believed that seven members of the third generation are still active, though the names of only two, Lucian and Mekhet,
are widely known. In common argot, they are referred to as the Antediluvians, and thepare the fou of the 13 vampire clans.
All remain hidden in the workings of the Jyhad, a war that has lasted nearly as long ded histpry. The war continues, but
now instead of open fighting on the battlefield, the Antediluvians use subterfuge, gilile and ouffight deceit. Their primary
activities seem to be tracing the activities of each other and thwarting whatever movémmbeir ‘oppanents, make.

These moves range from things as petty as the acquisition of pieces of artweitk or property fo grand schemes involving the
fates of nations. Those of the third generation see themselves as manipulators and dominators, split between those who would
live within the mortal world and those who would live without. It is unclear if this feflects the origins of the Jyhad, or is merely
what ithas degenerated into. There are other suspicions, based on the origins of the word Jyhad. Some among the third generation
may indeed have reached Golconda and are attempting to assist others of their kind to reach this state. T hey must war with the
other Antediluvians, who do not want this to come to pass.

Like their sires, Caine's grandchilder are powerful beings, with abilities and powigonly guessed at BPtheir descendants. Some
say they are the last vampires to have true mastery over the powers of life and death, and can only dic the Final Death if they choose
it or are slain by one of equal power. Is this, perhaps, the Jyhad? A maneuvering to see who will be the last of their kind?

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

wre —elte - ana

¢ Neonate: These are vampires who have not yet made
names for themselves in vampire society. Neonates are often the
"doers" of the vampiric world, as they attempt to carve niches for
themselves in the hierarchy. Neonates who survive for a century
after leaving the protection of their sires are considered ancillae.

* Ancilla: These vampires are still comparatively young, but
have proven themselves to the elders. Ancilla are up-and-
coming Cainites, the ones who play by the rules (mostly) to
achieve greater power. This is the rank between neonate and
elder, wherein the vampire is given increasing respect, power and
responsibility. In some areas, a vampire is not considered to be an
ancilla until she has served another for "six years, six days and six
acts of courage." Most ancillae have existed for one or more
centuries since their Becomings.

¢ Autarkis: Outlaws among their kind, these vampires
refuse to recognize the authority of any prince. Though they are
without a true place in the hierarchy of vampire society, their
sheer power grants them respect akin to most ancilla. Less
powerful Autarkis suffer swift demises.

© Elder: When vampires reach a certain age, few other
beings can still hold power over them. The elders are those
Cainites who are in control and who seek to dominate all the
others. Elders are normally between 200 and 1000 years old, but
as with all things undead, this can vary immensely.

* Methuselah: Somewhere between 1000 and 2000 immor-
tal years, a profound change invariably overtakes a vampire. Ithas
long been argued whether this change is mystical, physical or is in
fact spiritual, brought about through new needs and desires.
Certainly by the time a vampire reaches this age, boredom and
melancholy set in, as does an increased paranoia. Those who are
weak, take risks or unconsciously desire suicide do not survive to
this age — only the very strongest attain the rank of Methuselah.

As a means of self-preservation, most Methuselahs retreat
from the world and those younger than they. The constant danger
of facing the young reckless ones, who seek power through the
blood of their elders, grows numbing. Eventually some ancilla will
get lucky and dispatch the ancient. Thus the only option is to

FourTH AND FirTH GENERATIONS

These vampires are known as the Methuselahs, for they are nearly as powerful and secretive as the Antediluvians. Those
of the fourth and fifth generations are most often the pawns of choice in the Jyhad, as they may have political power among the
Cainites. As a result, their numbers have dwindled significantly, as they fall in one scheme or another. Accordingly, few of this
generation remain active, and many have distanced themselves from vampire society out of fear of the Jyhad and Amaranth.
Still, some of tHe more powerful princes are of the fifth generation. And there are those among the fourth generation, feeling
themselves under threat from the Antediluvians, who have made attempts at organizing all vampires under their rule — to date
all such attempts have failed.

Though the blood of Caine begins to dilute somewhat at this distance, those of the fourth and fifth generations are still
extremely powerful. It can be assumed that they have reached their maximum potential in two or three Disciplines.

SIXTH AND SEVENTH GENERATIONS

Thes@ are among the most powerful vampires likely to be encountered by other Cainites. They are considered to be the
elders of Cainite society (though some eighth-generation vampires would contend this). Vampires of these generations are
confident that they can resist the manipulations of their elders, and so remain active in Cainite society. Many of these vampires
maintain very influential positions. In fact, most of the princes of medieval Europe are of these generations.

Eigut AND NINTH GENERATIONS

Still considered elders by some, these Cainites nonetheless associate themselves primarily with members of the younger
generations. Members of these generations are often called ancillze, though of course this is based on age more than generation.
Occasionally a vampire of this generation will claim the title of prince in one of Europe's outlying regions, though this is
extremely rare. More commonly they are vassal princes or subordinate nobles under a prince's rule.

TENTH AND ELEVENTH GENERATIONS

—

Often referred to as neonates, these are the most recent generations of Cainites. Though still powerful creatures, their blood
has thinned because it is so far removed from that of Caine. Most of this generation have been Embraced within the past century,
and so are the most in touch with the modern medieval world

TWELFTH AND THIRTEENTH GENERATIONS |

There are exceedingly few vampires of these generations, and even fewer beyond. Cainites of these generations are
considered beneath contempt, not even worthy of notice. It is rumored that the blood of those beyond these generations is too
weak to pass on the Curse.


retreat fully from society and enter torpor. Some Methuselahs
remain involved in power struggles and the Jyhad of the Cainites,
but do so in complete anonymity.

* Antediluvian: These are the most ancient vampires, and
are among the most powerful creatures in the world. From these
13 ancient vampires, the clans and bloodlines of the present were
formed. They are reputed to be the grandchilder of Caine, and are
of the third generation. When they do involve themselves in the
affairs of vampires, they seldom leave things untarnished by their
touch. The mere word of an Antediluvian is coo provoke
enormous strife and conflict among vampires. eternal
struggle for supremacy, the Jyhad, affects vampires everywhere.

SociaL Mosiiry

Unlike mortal society during the Dark Ages, a fair
amount of social mobility is available to vampires. Part of
what determines status is a vampire's age, so those who
survive, th8*longest inevitaBly'gain more prestige and
power. The other factor is generation, or how far réfhoved
a varnpite is from Caine. Ifa vampire commits A@icanth
upon another vampire of a lower generation, draining the
victim of every last drop of her lifeblood, the attacker will
effectively lower himself one generation.

With few rigidly enforced rules to govern their feed-
ing, vampires in populated towns have the most co gain
(and fear) from Amaranth. With death by disease, fire,
murder-and countless other causes so common in over-
crowded towns, vampires can feed to their hearts' content.
However, the childer they create can just as easily prey
upon their elders without retribution

Though no less intimidating, Amaranth is pethaps
leaping a threat in the countryside, There are limits to
which a vampire can abuse her power in the lands of fields
and manors. Travel is limited, so most vampires in a rural
area know each other. If the local lord isa vampire and is
diablerized, the locals will initiate a Blood Hunt for

killer, even if they don't realize the cause of his death. If
the culprit is a local Cainite, he will certainly be exposed
to the hunt, if not drawn into or made a target of it.

The Cainite who seeks to diablerize his elders, or
abuse any of his powers in a countryside estate, therefore
runs the risk of marking himself for destruction..Perhaps
the wisest way tg exist and gain power in the countryside
is to feed carefully and perform Amaranth only on those
vampires who pass through with the same purpose in
mind. Vampires who follow such practices will surely
survive and perhaps share their wisdom tocreatea broader,
more controlled Cainite society in the future.

Since time immemorial, the eldest vampire in a domain has
served as its leader, mediating disputes and rallying the Cainites of
the area should danger threaten. The title has varied from one area
to the next, usually mimicking the titles of mortal nobility.
Emperors, kings, marquis, barons, viscounts, thanes, grand dukes

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

and countless others have led their fellow vampires, but in recent
years the title of prince has predominated in western Europe. This
isundoubtedly due to the appearance of eternal youth that Cainites
are able to maintain, as well as the prestige attached to sucha title.

Though the prince of a given area is traditionally the eldest
Cainite in the area, there are exceptions. Sometimes the eldest
vampire will choose to abdicate and name his progeny as his
successor; the power of the sire backs that of the progeny, and
allows the elder to pursue his own interests. Still, a prince must be
able to enforce his rule, and few childer are able to do this
effectively. Unless they are backed by a single powerful elder or
group of elders, they will rarely have the strength to hold their
positions. Of course, what elder trusts his progeny so completely
as to hand over the reins of power?

In some areas, other titles denote vassals of the prince. In
particular, the title of sheriff or seneschal has come into common
use in Britain, denoting a prince's lieutenant in charge of keeping
the peace among the fief's vampires. Other areas have adopted
similar titles as befits the mortal culture surrounding them, partly
because the neonates of the Dark Ages seem to value titles and
status even more than land and fortresses. It is far easier to invent
an honorific title to reward a vassal than to further divide a
domain already whittled down by elders over the centuries.

FEALTY

When one prince acknowledges another as his superior, he
swears "fealty" to her. This is much like a mortal knight swearing
fealty to a baron, or a baron swearing fealty to a king. The lesser
(thence called the vassal or vassal prince) acknowledges his infe-
riority, and swears to obey the greater prince. Thisis notuncommon.

Sometimes a prince who swears fealty is indeed expected to
serve the greater vampire dutifully, and may swear a Blood Oath
to her new overlord. Sometimes swearing fealty has no real
consequences — it just bolsters the ego and prestige of the
stronger prince. In most cases there are a few mild restrictions
placed upon a prince who swears fealty.

© The vassal may not aid the enemies of the greater prince.
She may not allow them to hunt or establish havens in her fief.

* A Blood Hunt called in the greater prince's fief is also in
effect throughout the vassal's fief.

© The vassal may not form alliances with other princes.

THE Prince's PowERS

Cainite society has yet to evolve any common assumptions
of howa prince might behave or what limits she might have to her
power. Instead, a prince's power is determined by practical con-
siderations.

* How much support does the prince have from her subjects?
Acting with her subjects' support, even a weak prince can enforce
her will over dissenters.

© How independent are her subjects? Free-spirited Cainites
will resist strict princes.

© How much more powerful than her subjects is the prince?
Areally tough prince can do what she likes, safe in the knowledge
that she can crush any opposition.


* How strong is the Church in the area? How tough are the
werewolves? And what of the mages and faeries? External threats
might unite Cainites around their princes, but a draconian prince
might be betrayed to these enemies by malcontents.

Some princes wield vast powers — declaring Blood Huntson
awhim, banning other Cainites from creating ghouls or neonates,
strictly regulating what allies their subjects might have, deter-
mining hunting grounds, closely watching visiting Cainites, etc.
Others are nearly powerless: they must call councils of all their
subjects to declare Blood Hunts; other Cainites may Embrace
mortals, strike alliances orcreate ghoulsat will; subjects may hunt
or establish havens where they wish; and foreign Cainites come
and go unchecked.

GHOULS AND CHILDER

Permission to create ghoul servants may be obtained only
from the prince of the fief. Too many, and the Silence of the
Blood is threatened. Nor is permission to work the Becoming on
a mortal taken lightly, though in recent years more and more
vampires have ignored this rule. The princes of the Dark Medi-
eval world do not want their enemies, or potential enemies, to
build up hordes of ghouls to work against them; nor do they want
a plague of uncontrolled neonates terrifying the mortal popula-
tion and competing with them for hunting rights.

Princes often demand that their subjects ask permission before
either Embracing a mortal or creating a ghoul, and if a ghoul or
neonate causes trouble, the prince is likely to hold her creator
responsible. Of course, most princes can't really monitor all their
subjects, and so disobedient Cainites might create neonates or ghouls
despite their princes' restrictions. Princes, however, are aware of this.
If they can't be sure to discover disobedient Cainites, they usually
make certain that those who do get caught are punished severely.
Any vampire who Embracesa mortal against the will ofher prince can
expect to be killed. Blood Hunts may also be called against those who
repeatedly create ghouls against their prince's wishes.

Domain

Vampires divide their territory much as mortals do, forming
their own domains and city-states, which are often referred to as
fiefs. But while mortals value fertile farmland to maintain their
people, vampires are creatures of the city, where prey is more easily
found and an unfamiliar face is less likely to attract attention. Still,
cities of the medieval age are but shadows of their modern
counterparts, with a scant 5,000 souls making up a good-sized city.
This means that few vampires can successfully hunt and hide in
each city. In fact, many are reduced to prowling the outlying
villages and towns. But in most cities, many vampires compete for
little prey, increasing the risk of discovery by mortals. Worse, many
vampires see little need to hide their powers from humanity; after
all, what can a few peasants do against a mighty vampire lord?


VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

ON THE Horizon

It is not hard to see how the overconfidence and
overpopulation of this period leads to inquisitions and
revolutions, in vampire society as well as in the mortal
world. Two centuries from now, Cainites will divide
themselves into three factions: the Camarilla, which
champions those who would retain some degree of Hu-
manity; the Sabbat, which revelsin theirstatusas monsters
of the night; gnd the anarchs, who reject both other
groups as pid co and want simply to be able to do as
they please withour regard for vampiric or mortal author-
ity. Bue for now,"Cainites live in a world without
restrictions, in which personal power is the only law.

THE TRADITIONS

Since the time of the second generation, a code of unwritten
laws has shaped vampire society. Over time some are forgotten.
and others "discovered," though for the most part, these tradi-
tions have stood the test of time. Most sires require their progeny
to commit the Six Traditions to memory, though this is more
common among vampires created in the Roman era and before
than those Embraced in the medieval age.

Tue First TRADITION: THE LEGACY
Like the restrictions on class in the mortal world, the legacy

of Caine places vampires in a particular role in society — that of
the predator. To try to change the hierarchy God (or Satan,

according to some Cainites) has created is a nigh-unforgivable
crime, for to do so presumes that one possesses divine wisdom. To
become a mere beast, living solely to feed, is as great a crime as
seeking to return to the mortal life left behind with the Embrace.

THE SECOND TRADITION: DESTRUCTION

Like the Legacy, the Tradition of Destruction puts all
vampires in a hierarchy, but in this case it structures vampiric
society. By giving the right of destruction only to the elders, this
tradition ensures that they remain powerful. It also makes patri-
cide a capital offense among vampires, thereby discouraging
rebellion among the young.

THE THIRD TRADITION: PROGENY

This tradition has fallen into disuse in many areas, and some
sires no longer teach it to their offspring. It may be in part due to this
that so many childer have been created in recent centuries, as not
all Cainites know the reasoning behind this tradition. Some claim
that it is merely a tool of the elders to keep their offspring weak and
unable to rally forces against their elders. This is certainly true, but
by limiting the number of progeny created in a fief, the prince may
also ensure that all within have sufficient mortals to feed on.

THE FourtH TRADITION: ACCOUNTING

This tradition attempts to ensure that Cainites will choose
wisely when selecting mortals for the Becoming. It also encour-
agessires toforce their offspring toswear Blood Oaths, guaranteeing
their loyalty.


THE First
TRADITION?
THE LEGACY

Thy blood is that of Caine, cursed by God and blessed by
Lilith. To seek to change your state or to return to that of your
mortal life is a sin against thy Father and Mother, and against
thy God.

THE SECOND
TRADITION:
DESTRUCTION

Thou art forbidden to destroy another of thy kind who is
thy elder. Those closer to Caine know his will, and may
destroy any childer who are unfit in his sight. It is forbidden for
those of weaker blood to rise up against their elders.

THE THIRD
TRADITION:
PROGENY

Thou shalt only sire another with the permission of thy
elder. If thou createst another without thine elder's leave,
both thou and thy progeny shall be slain.

THE FourTH
TRADITION:
FiCCOUNTING-

Those thou create are thine own childer. Until thy
progeny shall be released, thou shalt command them in all
things. Their sins are thine to endure.

THE FIFTH
RADITION?
DoMaAIN

Thy domain is thine own concern. All others owe thee
respect while in it. None may challenge thy word while in thy
domain. When thou comest to the fief of another, thou shalt
present thyself to the one who ruleth there.

THE SIXTH
‘TRADITION:
THE SILENCE

OF BLOOD

Thou shalt not reveal thy true nature to those not of the
Blood. Doing so shall renounce thy claims of Blood.

THE FIFTH TRADITION: DoMAIN

Even the Tradition of Domain is called in to question in the
Dark Ages, as vampires realize that there are limits to the mortal
population upon which they feed. Those with the most populous
domains must now struggle to defend them from neonates who
wish to claim their own territory.

THE SIXTH TRADITION: THE SILENCE
oF BLoop

The Silence of the Blood, or "Masquerade" as it will one
night be called, isan unofficial conspiracy born of expediency. No
vampire could hope to stand against the power of the Church or
the armies of the great nobles. Thus it is necessary for the
vampires to hide themselves away.

Because every mortal knows that vampires and other mon-
sters exist, few Cainites care if individual vampires reveal
themselves to mortals. Reckless indiscretions, however, are not
tolerated. If a vampire publicly displays its power in such a way
that frightened mortals begin to hunt for others, or if a vampire
reveals the identities or havens of others, princes and other
Cainites will not stand for it. Any vampire who puts his own kind

in peril will not be tolerated, and one who leads mortals to realize
just how many vampires really do exist earns the enmity of all
Cainites.

Moreover, many mortals are convinced that these creatures
— from Cainites to lupines to infernal sorcerers — are irredeem-
ably evil, drawing their power from Lucifer himself. It is therefore
still vital for the Cainites to hide themselves from mortals. If any
vampire is discovered, she can expect no mercy from medieval
mortals. If the kine ever realize how numerous the Cainites are, a
wave of hunts and inquisitions will follow, and no sensible
vampire would want that.

SECTS

Several different sects have arisen within the Cainites of the
era. Each sect maintains power in a different way. Some are
informal groupings of convenience, while others are highly ritu-
alized societies unto themselves. Together they compose the
main political forces in Cainite society.


INCONNU

The Inconnuare the remnants of the Roman era of Cainites.
They are patrician in demeanor, and still have a great deal of
influence over the older vampires of Europe. They are rumored to
live beneath the ancient Roman cities, such as Paris,
Constantinople and Venice. Apparently Rome is their chief
stronghold. The Inconnu are opposed by younger Cainites, who
have adopted a feudal system as more appropriate to the age. Not
all of the clans are associated with this group; for instance, the
Toreador, Tzimisce and Brujah are never part of the Inconnu, and
few in those clans speak well of it. Their memory of what the
Inconnu did to Carthage and Dacia remains vivid.

The Inconnu tend to be concerned with the ancient ways,
and many of them strongly believe that humans should be treated
as fairly as possible. However, they have their share of inner
conflict, just as any group of Cainites would. Among the Inconnu,
there is little middle ground except for their common desire to
suppress those younger than they.

THE Furores

This sect's members have a reputation for being the outlaws
of the Cainites. Condemned by most princes as thieves and
troublemakers, they exist on the fringes of vampire society,
scratching out a meager existence like their mortal counterparts.

The Furores are considered chaotic, disorganized and igno-
rant of even the base rules that govern all Cainites. Such talk comes
more from those not familiar with the sect's internal workings.
Many of the Furores are quite familiar with the Six Traditions, but
have chosen to throw their lots in with those who walk on the
shadow's edge. They are frequently second or third childer, unable
to compete with their elder siblings for their sires' attention, and
so they set out to make their own ways. In Furores, vampires may
shine based on their own merits, not those of their sires, and they
need not worry about elder siblings crowding them out.

Furores may be found among cathedral-builders and city
burghers, as well as merchant caravans. Most city-based coteries are
considered by default to be Furores, unless one or more of them has
some standing with the local prince. Indeed, the Furores tend to
Embrace those who function outside the rigid structure of Church
or feudal state: thieves, merchants, artisans, performers and labor-
ers. Though few would admit it, there are some coteries of Furores
who pay tithes to local princes in exchange for autonomy.

Though they shun the hierarchy of princes and vassals, the
Furores have a certain structure to their society. They have arranged
themselves much like a guild, and any who pass their initiation rites
are welcomed, regardless of clan. Most of the cities currently
emerging into prominence are, for all intents and purposes, their
Domains. The Toreador and Brujah among them often view mer-
chants, scholars, and guildsmen as the promise of a brighter future,
a time when learning and knowledge will again reign supreme.

Granted, the Furores do have few scruples about theft — the
Ravnos among them have taught them some of their worse habits.
Many of them spend as much time practicing sleight of hand and
stealth as they do collecting "rent" from their merchant vassals.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

The Furores generally have heavily shuttered meeting places,
where they discuss issues of mutual concem (attacks by the Lu-
pines, political maneuverings of foreign princes). Violence there is
generally frowned upon as a distraction. The cities they govern
tend to have more artisans and merchants than most, and they
eagerly accept new ideas, rather than shun them as the work of
Satan. Their rule is not one of fear, but of subtlety, and they take
pride in their ability to get things done quietly. They insinuate
themselves into the ranks of burghers, guildmasters and merchants,
as a means of exerting tighter control over growing cities.

THE ORDER OF THE BITTER ASHES

Legends speak of these mighty yet mysterious vampires,
saying that they began as a band of mortal crusaders sent to the
Holy Land. During their journey, they were set upon by apowerful
vampire bearing a strange mark on his forehead. He Embraced
them toa man and sent them on quest for the cup of Christ, the
Holy Grail. Their mysterious sire told them that one draught from
the true Grail would purify their blood of Caine's curse, and could
become the salvation for all Caine's childer.

Many of the Order are said to have fought strange creatures
of the night and to have overcome much opposition — even from
within their own ranks — to find the sacred cup, whereupon they
all partook of the vitae of Christ. It is said that all those who drank
of the cup underwent a strange, miraculous transformation, of
which they have been reluctant to discuss. Now their bodies gleam
like the moon, and their blades unerringly strike down those who
follow the creatures of Hell. The Baali have become some of their
most hated foes, an enmity which the Baali return a thousandfold.

The Order is known for its mighty horses, fleet with Celerity
from their masters' blood. Each newly made sword is quenched in
its maker's blood and purified with incense before it may be
wielded. The knights' strange luminescence is frequently masked
by their armor, creating an eerie glow beneath their helms, and no
doubt giving rise to some strange tales of phantom warriors.

Although the band has supposedly been scattered since the
days of the Second Crusade, some have been known to allow other
vampires todrink of their pure blood (rumored toreplenish without
the need to feed on humans). Those who do drink of the Order are
said to gain their luminescence and potent powers in destroying the
Baali and other Infernalists, for a span of one moon cycle.

The Order is named for a number of legends about how Caine
was cursed to "eat only bitter ashes." The Order has little overall
organization, although there are rumors that it has formed astrange
alliance with the Knights Templar. Humanity in general is re-
garded with disinterest, although some of the Order look on the
devout with pity, that they will neverknow the blessing of the Cup.

While it was the Grail that gave the Order its miraculous
powers, the cup is no longer in the knights' possession. Circum-
stances surrounding this are vague at best. Speculations suggest
that the knights entombed it somewhere in the Middle East, with
one remaining to guard it, while others mutter that it was stolen,
perhaps by the very vampire who Embraced the group.


AUTARKIS

The Autarkis are young vampires who have declared open
rebellion against the Inconnu and the withdrawn elders of the
clans. Most are usually found among neonates and malcontents
within Cainite society. They seek freedom, plain and simple, and
rebel against the authority of their elders and the rule of any prince.
They are often derisively known as the "plague flies," for it is
whispered that they travel from outbreak to outbreak of plaguesand
feed upon the dead and dying. Many of them are rumored to travel
in large ravenous packs, looting and destroying all in their path.

THE PROMETHIANS

Itis said that in Carthage, Cainites lived alongside humanity
in peace. In the Dark Ages, those days are only a distant memory,
and most think that such a society would be an affront to God and
Caine. Others argue that such a thing is possible; indeed, that it
may be necessary if vampires are to survive. They fear that the
ancients now think of themselves as gods, and view mortals and
younger Cainites alike as their slaves and vessels. It is thought that
only by living in peace and unity with mortals will the vampires of
the current age survive the manipulations and wars of the Inconnu.

This group has taken its name from Prometheus, who braved
the wrath of the gods to bring fire to humanity. These vampires
claim that the Inconnu ignore the potential of the Via Humanitas
for allowing self-restraint, and claim further that the Traditions
have been corrupted by the Inconnu. The Promethians speak of
Caine's wickedness, of how they tire of listening to the commands
ofthe Inconnu, and teach that to overthrow the hidden elders is the
only road to true security. Some speak of founding a society based
on valuing mortalsas their near-equals, as was hoped forin Carthage.

Still, the Promethians are in the minority now, their voices
often reduced to whispers, and their dream of a peaceful vampire
and human society is only adream. For the time being, their pleas
forhumanity fall on deaf ears, but others predict that their day will
come, if not now then in the future.

THe Manus NicgkuM

There is one sect so secretive that some Cainites are unaware
of its existence. Its members call themselves the manus nigrum.

From its origins as a mortal death cult in the ancient world,
the manus nigrum went on to discover the secret of immortal life
from vampires. Hundreds of years ago, the manus nigrum split over
disagreements regarding the future of the sect. Since then, the
two halves, while not at war, have kept an uncommunicative
peace. The Eastern Hand, known only in whispers as the
Tal'mahe'Ra, devotes its energies to the study of Hell and
Purgatory, where the souls of the unholy go after death. The
western half of the manus nigrum, however, has taken a keen
interest in medieval politics. Those few elders who know of the
manus nigrum say that they work to destroy the Baali, though
apparently some members of Clan Tzimisce have somehow of-
fended this sect. The more passive purpose of observation leads to
the long-range goal of the manus nigrum.

The manus nigrum believes that the existence of so many
vampires in the Dark Medieval age is detrimental, and seeks to
thin out the undead ranks. To this end, they have begun compil-
ing information about every Cainite they encounter, in the hopes

|

h|

\
i

:


of making their elimination as complete as possible. The manus
may be instrumental in the death of certain among the
Antediluvians. In the meantime, any upheaval that allows them
to destroy elders will be used to the utmost, and they frequently
attach themselves to the Autarkis for this purpose.

The manus nigrum are compiling a sort of Domesday Book,
a record of names and havens of every known Cainite. Once
assembled, the book will be laid aside and presented to the
Antediluvians when the Ancients awaken, that they may know
where to seek their childer. If a member of the manus nigrum is
captured, he explains that he is but a shadow of'the coming
darkness... and dies saying nothing more.

EtysiuM

Once a widely held belief, the notion of a neutral meeting
place where all the vampires in an area might meet in safety for
more genteel pursuits passed away with the Roman era. The
changes in mortal society, particularly "barbaric" Northern Eu-
rope, contributes a great deal to this, but in truth few Cainites
have time for such niceties. Like the mortals they feed upon, most
Cainites are engaged in a struggle to survive, and have little time
or need for such pleasures. Meetings between vampires are
generally terse affairs, wherein business is the only real concern,
or ritualized ceremonies of homage and diplomacy.

Cities blessed with long warm nights, like the Italian city-
states or Constantinople, still play host to an Elysium. The elders
of the cities periodically gather to engage in many of the same
pleasures shared by the kine, including discussions of art, philoso-
phy and culture. Physical violence is frowned upon, and anyone
wishing to settle a dispute is asked to do so elsewhere. Elysium is
looked on by young vampires as an outdated ritual of a time long
past, but tradition-minded elders insist that it is only through
such events that vampires remain "civilized," and above base
creatures that exist purely to survive.

Platitudes aside, age can sour the palate, and many jaded
elders in their search for new diversions have sunk to excesses and
debauchery at Elysiums. Unfortunate mortals are selected for
refreshments based on their "vintage." Some elders stage freakish
passion plays in mockery of the Church and mortal society. Some
have even sunk to lows that would shock even the most de-
bauched rake, torturing Lupinesor forcing Thrallsand Dominated
kine to perform tableaux vivants. Those younger vampires who
speak of the wickedness of the elders have seen such Elysiums, and
the wild sadism and near-frenzy of the normally staid elders
terrifies many into action.

LABYRINTHS

Since time immemorial, vampires have feared the light of
day. For equally long centuries, many have hidden from it
beneath the earth. In these dark and tempestuous times, when so
many have been dragged out into the sun to die, refuge under cold
rock is highly valued.

What began long ago as a tradition of sleeping in caves has
developed slowly into a fetish for security. It is not enough simply
tosleep beneath the ground; vampires must ensure no one can drag
them out. Some say that the Methuselahs long ago built enormous
underground tombs, where they now lie guarded by legions of

VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES.

ghouls, magical guardians and devious traps. In Roman times, it was
not uncommon for extensive catacombs to be built under the great
cities, and it is from these that most Inconnu coteries still rule.

Certain clans, by dint of necessity or their own dark prefer-
ences, have taken up and expanded the idea of the labyrinth for
their own uses. Nosferatu hide in their mazes from the hatred of
their fairer brethren. Lasombra, so akin to the shadows, create
private labyrinths for havens or retreats. The Cappadocians make
extensive use of the catacombs beneath the Roman-founded
cities, feeling more at home among the moldering dead and chilly
stone. To what purpose the Tzimisce put their labyrinths few
know, and those who have gotten glimpses speak of gibbering
monstrosities and chambers built deep below the earth to muffle
the screams of their unfortunate inhabitants.

Each labyrinth is frequently built to the specifications of its
owner, and even the Roman catacombs are rarely left untouched.
One Lasombra claims to have based his maze on the notes for the
Labyrinth of Crete (though no one is certain if he furnished his
with a Minotaur). Only the architect and the workers know the
true layout of a maze, and the wise vampire Dominates or kills the
workmen to ensure its secrecy.

Labyrinths can be of any size, from a modified castle dun-
geons to networks of hollowed-out caverns. Many mazes employ
security measures like those used in the surface world: portculli,
moats, iron gates and pit traps lined with wooden stakes. Certain
features are exclusive to labyrinths, such as lakes of flaming oil or
monstrous guardians dwelling in moats. Such security works both
to slow entry of intruders and alert vampires to invaders.

Something may always be found at the center of any maze,
and here the inhabitants (if any) make their havens. Some elders
never leave, too paranoid to chance the surface world. So formi-
dable are some of these labyrinths that it is sometimes easier to
simply seal the Cainites inside, making their havens into tombs.
Who knows what awaits the unwary vampire who attempts to
reopen such a place...

Stories abound of forgotten or hidden labyrinths. A labyrinth
abandoned should warn the would-be explorer — what couldhave
driven off an elder or coterie? Relatively few Cainites ever see the
insides of such places (for no elder wishes to give away her secrets),
so it is impossible to say what is true and what is false about them.

LEXTALIONIS

There is and always has been a system of punishment for
those who disobey the rules set down by their elders. The system
is simple: a vampire who breaks the rules is slain. Those who
violate the laws of a fief and thereby anger the elders are hunted
down and extinguished by all who hear the call. This credo of "just
retribution" is known formally as Lextalionis, or more commonly
as the Blood Hunt.

Tradition demands that the Lextalionis can only be called by
the eldest Cainite in a domain, who is almost always the prince.
Other elders or even ancilla may call for a Hunt, but most
vampires will not respond, for they risk the wrath of the prince in
so doing. In this day and age, a prince will often call Hunts for his
own purposes. So long as the majority of the others in the area
support him, there is little anyone else can do.


eT

"estes } Les

un

ULE hn

Most princes prefer to nule with the consent and support of the
fiefs vampires. They do not call Hunts so much to bolster their
power as to protect their subjects, and so can expect support for
Hunts within their fiefs. However, toomany Blood Hunts makes for
draconian justice, and a few princes have been overthrown for it.

Bioop Hunts

The Blood Hunt is the most extreme punishment which a
vampire can suffer. Theoretically, any prince may call a Hunt
against any Cainite who displeases her. In practice it is not so
simple. If a prince calls a Hunt she must be certain that other
Cainites will participate — for whatever reason — or declaring
the Hunt has no impact and the prince loses face.

Some princes maintain a "hearth troop" of trained ghouls or
vampires to act as enforcers and to pursue those against whom
Hunts are called. Such retainers are given special privileges, often
including money, safe havens and the best weapons. But this is a
dangerous policy: what stops the hearth troop from overthrowing
the prince? And if the prince's power is dependent upon the support
of a small group of thugs, then who is the real ruler of the fief?

In areas where princes are weak or particular coteries are
powerful — usually in towns — coteries or other groups of
Cainites have been known to stage private Blood Hunts. For
whatever reasons, members ofa group mark one or more vampires
for death and carry out the Hunt themselves. Word always
teaches the prince's ears, but may be too late in coming or the
prince may be too ineffectual to put a stop to the killing.

- qt AR
Nei it

A Blood Hunt that occurs without a prince's authority is
always answered with a second — this one with the prince's
backing, staged against the offenders of the law. Ifthe prince cannot
punish those who stage their own Hunt, he is usually usurped or
destroyed, either by those who defy his word or other elders who
realize that anew, hopefully more effective figurehead must ascend.

THE ORDEAL

The ordeal is a method used by many princes for determining
the guiltor innocence ofa vampire accused of acrime. Such crimes
might be as simple as violating a vassal's feeding grounds or as
serious as breaking one of the ancient Six Traditions. Visiting
princes and other elders who have been accused are almost always
permitted to undergo an ordeal rather than face summary judg-
ment. This is considered a matter of courtesy among princes.

The ordeal may be as easy or difficult as the prince warrants.
The very difficult ones can be deadly, offering the accused little
chance of survival. The possibilities for such trials are as varied as
the princes who devise them, though many princes seem to have
favored means of determining the truth. Many such tests exist; the
following examples depict some of the most common.

© Trial by Combat

This ordeal is most common when the validity of the accu-
sations is in doubt. This ordeal allows the accused to face his
accuser in single combat. Princes or ranking elders are often
afforded this option, even if there is little question of guilt. Insuch
cases the accused faces a champion chosen by the prince.

CHAPTER TWO: THE DARK HGES


Many variations of this trial exist. A duel may be fought until
one combatant has been crippled or driven into torpor. A stake
may be placed in the center of acircle, with both opponents at the
edge of the ring, facing each another; the first one to drive the
other into torpor is considered the victor. Or, two vampires may
engage in a contest in which each drinks the other's blood until
one falls into torpor. Some accidental diablerizations have oc-
curred this way. There are also rumors of duels fought with mental
powers, or even with magic if such is available to the contestants.

This method is often favored by princes for its entertainment
value. Many vampires from surrounding counties will attend a trial
by combat, especially if the accused is a Cainite of some notoriety.

* Ordeal by Fire

More often than not, this ordeal results in the death of the
accused. Several variations of this trial exist, some more deadly than
others. The most common requires that a number of Cainites (as
many as the prince can assemble) form two lines facing each other.
Each of the vampires carriesa lit torch. The accused is then required
to run between the vampires as they beat him with the torches.
Variations on this require the accused to be covered in oil or to be
completely nude. Some princes even require that the accused walk,
rather than run down the lines. To run is considered an admission
of guilt, which is followed by an immediate execution.

Another method of ordeal by fire involves the accused being
bound to a wooden stake and surrounded by tinder. A fire is then
lit beneath the feet of the accused, at which time he is allowed to
attempt escape. This method almost always results in the death of
the vampire, unless the prince severely underestimates the strength
of the accused.

© Test of the Beast

The accused is cast into a pit ora sealed room witha ferocious
wild animal, often a bear or wolf. The carnivore has usually been
starved for several nights (and has often been turned into a ghoul
to acquire a taste for vampiric blood) before the trial takes place.

The unarmed vampire must defeat the beast in order to prove
his innocence. Obviously, Cainites who are known to have
powers of influence over animals are not subjected to this test.
Like trial by combat, this test often becomes a form of entertain-
ment for the prince and any visitors he should have in attendance.

© Ordeal of Purifying Light

The Cainite suffering this ordeal is locked in a closed court-
yard, minutes before dawn. He is then forced to endure the light of
the sun fora period determined by the prince before being released
by one of the prince's ghouls. Variations on this ordeal include
chaining the accused to the eastern wall of a keep just moments
before dawn. If he is able to escape, he is declared innocent.

This test is usually reserved for those deemed guilty of the
most horrible crimes. Most believe that this ordeal scourges the
guilt from even the most wicked soul. Some have willingly
undergone this ordeal as a means of attempting to purge their own
souls. It is even rumored that some few have regained their
humanity through this method of purification.


ALTERNATIVE PUNISHMENTS

Though they are rare, there are crimes that have gone
unpunished through Blood Hunts. Some princes worry about
appearing too draconian, and may call Hunts only with great
reluctance. However, a prince is under obligation to his subjects
to punish offenders, and showing any favoritism shakes the power
structure. This is of particular importance when a prince's childe
has been caught in or accused of a crime, or the crime was
committed with the tacit approval of the prince, such as the
Killing ofa rival. In such cases, the prince may call for the accused
to prove his or her innocence through some task, such as a quest.
Frequently these tasks are of such Herculean proportions as to
stagger all but the most resourceful or cunning vampires.

The accused is often watched from afar through powerful
Auspex or via news from allies. Those who attempt to abandon
their tasks are promptly targeted for a Blood Hunt.

Tue Morrat, Worip

SOCIETY

Dark Medieval society is feudal, with power and rank
dependent upon lands held and military might. In the medieval
world there is no such thing as "equality of opportunity." If your
family is powerful, then you will have an immediate and tangible
advantage over others. If your family is peasantry, you will live in
poverty and die young. A man's rank is determined by his birth.
A woman's rank is determined by her husband's.

Medieval men divide themselves into those who fight, those
who work and those who pray.

Nobility

The nobility are the military, landholding class. The great
nobles own the land; petty nobles retain tracts of land in ex-
change for military service and money. Many nobles are trained
from youth to fight, and are equipped with fine armor and
weaponry. On a day-to-day level, however, they are administra-
torsand civil servants — running their lands, enforcing royal law,
commanding garrisons, and working as officers of the law courts
or as senior servants in royal households.

Some petty nobles are hardly richer than wealthy peasants:
they simply have a little land and status, and in return must agree
to fight for their overlords if war threatens. The noble magnates
—the kings, dukes and earls — live in opulent luxury, maintain-
ing palatial castles and being able tocall upon the military service
(and taxes) of dozens or hundreds of lesser nobles.

In between the social extremes are barons and wealthy
knights, who maintain strong castles or fortified manor houses,
pethaps commanding the allegiance of lesser nobles, but who in
turn swear homage to great magnates.

Cainites who dwell among the mortal nobility have a dual
existence. They must function within the society of other nobles
and lord over the lands and people of their fiefs. Just as mortal
nobles have responsibilities to their overlords and underlings, sodo
vampire lords. Yet Cainite nobles also have responsibilities to their
undead kind, whether in positions of authority or subservience.

The difficulties of observing the responsibilities of mortal
gentility arise from being undead. Vampire lords cannot appear
before their underlings and serfs during the day, and must arrange
all affairs to occur at night. Such nocturnal behavior cannot go
unnoticed for long, and that is when superstitious rumors spread
among the mortals.

The best way for a Cainite lord to manage her mortal affairs
might be through kine proxies or ghouls. A sheriff can be an
effective tool at enforcing the laws and seeing justice done, while
a reeve can arrange the affairs of the manor house. Of course,
should there be a daytime emergency...

The fact is, a feudal noble holds stable power when his
authority can be directly attributed to a name and a face. When
many subjects fail tosee the face of their master, it is easier to blame
problems on him. Still, there's much to be said for the ominous
silhouette ofa lord standing atop his battlements, the moon casting
his cold shadow across the cringing mortal souls below.

Other difficulties of feudal authority lie in reconciling mortal
and immortal power. How does a duke explain his meekness
before a mere baron who comes calling after sunset? If a noble's
Cainite authority spreads much further than his mortal authority,
how does he explain the presence of some of his ghouls in the lands
of another mortal lord? And what of agroup of rebellious vampires
who won't answer toa mortal overlord, but will answer to a lesser
lord, who also happens to be the local Cainite prince?

PEASANTS

The medieval masses are the peasants — the farmers who till
the nobles' fields. The more fortunate are "freemen," who rent
land from the nobles, working their plots in return for heavy rents,
tithes and taxes. The less fortunate are "serfs," peasants who are
the slaves of their noble masters, who own nothing — not even
their own bodies. A serf pays heavier taxes, and may not marry or
move away without his lord's permission; if a serf is assaulted, the
attacker must pay a fine or compensation to the serf's lord for
damaging his "property."

Although mortal social classes have little bearing on Cainite
society, itis difficult for nconates and others sired since the age of
Charlemagne to recognize the prominence of some vampires over
others. Vampires with such limited vision have particular diffi-
culty with Cainites who were drawn from or exist among the
mortal peasantry. It is difficult for a newly sired vampire, who is
a noble or clergyman in mortal society, to take orders from a
vampire who is ostensibly a mortal freeman. That is the paradoxi-
cal nature of Cainite society, though, and the newcomer who
cannot adapt quickly is short-lived.

Vampires who exist among kine peasants do bear a terrible
burden, though. To try to remain true to her former lifestyle, a peasant
Cainite must somehow account for her absence during the daytime,
when everyone else in the manor or town is working. She is also
expected to go to Mass with everyone else, and would be missed at the
frequent festivals that manor lords often allow their serfs.

Aclever Cainite who still lives asa serf could make ghouls of
the right people and justify her strange behavior as part of her
services "at the manor house." The local gossips could also be
controlled to ensure that no ill word is spread, or that rumors are
actually squelched. Ultimately, though, most vampires who are

CHAPTER TWO: THE DARK AGES


chosen from the peasantry break their mortal social bonds and
seek higher lifestyles. Why be a predator of humans while living
a lie as their prey?

DEATH AND TAXES

Asan aside, think on the word "taxes." (The medi-
eval term was actuully"dués?" avin the saying "you've got
to pay your dues.") In the 20th century, people who pay
taxes expect something back from the government —
roads, street lighting, health care, welfare, police. Medi-
eval peasants get nothing back for their taxes. Their dues
fund the opulence of their overlords, maintaining the
noble caste that rules over them. Certainly, the nobles are
the backbone of the armies that defend the land in times
of war, but these wars concem property and possession, in
which one nation's nobles protect their property (the land
and peasants) from the noblés of another land. It's not
"fair," but no medieval person expects life to be fair, and
few outside the nobility have the power to change things.

CLERGY

The Church is the single greatest institution in the medieval
world. Arguably, itis the only important institution. The Church
runs the universities and cathedral schools of medieval Europe,
educating the sons of the wealthy and powerful. Itappoints priests
to local parishes, and from every pulpit those priests tell the
people to obey God and their mortal masters. Few people outside
the Church can read, not do they own books. The monasteries
and cathedrals of Europe own vast amounts of land and are the
most important patrons of the arts. Furthermore, every single
person in Europe is supposed to pay a tithe (a tax constituting one-
tenth of one's possessions) to the Church.

Churchmen — called clergy or clerics — are usually the
younger sons of wealthy peasants or nobles. Important clerics (the
bishops, the abbots who run great monasteries) are inevitably of
noble birth. Priests of backwater parishes are always of peasant stock.

The power of the Church in the Dark Medieval world can
note understated. The lords of the Church are very wealthy and
very influential. They tell people what to believe, and bribe and
cajole them with the promise of eternal life. An angered bishop
may "excommunicate" an unfortunate soul, cutting off a person
from the Church and from God's mercy, and only a priest may
absolve a person of her sins. Perhaps even more importantly, ina
world in which creatures like vampires and werewolves are very
real, the Church's ceremonies claim to offer protection from the
creatures of darkness and the unknown.

In case that were not enough, the Church also includes
several orders of knights — highly trained fighters, many of them
noblemen — who live as monks but fight for Christ and the
Church (or at least that's what they say). Most notorious among
these are the Knights Templar, who are rumored to indulge in
unsavory (and un-Christian) occult ceremonies. The Hospitalers
and Teutonic Knights, as well as several lesser orders, share with
them the task of defending Christianity from the heathens.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES

Cainites who exist among the mortal clergy have the greatest
protection from vampire and mortal opponents, but that protec-
tion comesata price. By posing as God's devout — though usually
only through lip service — vampires in the clergy have the power
of the Church behind them, the most influential institution in the
medieval world. Ifan opponent ever grows too strong, Cainites in
the Church can bring the mortal authority of God down upon that
foe. All the vampires need do is trump up the right charges and
provide the right "evidence."

Ironically, the Church also provides defenses for its cursed
brethren through the power of faith. Mortal clergymen are often
unfaithful, but there are some who are not, and their conviction
can be enough to stave off an attacker who would hunt a Cainite
in his very abbey or monastery. All the Cainite brotherneed know
is who of faith that should be avoided among the disciples.

The dangers ofhiding among the clergy are immense, though.
At some point it must mean contact with Truc Faith. Cainite
power must also be wielded subtly for fear of raising suspicion and
avoiding charges of diabolism. And the duties of the clergy must
be fulfilled to a point that is convincing to other brethren; an
obvious lack of conviction would be as dangerous toa vampire as
exposure to too much.

Vampires' failure to hide their existence properly within the
Church may ultimately lead to witch hunts.

MERCHANTS AND CRAFTSMEN

Many of the merchants and artisans of the medieval world
receive little respect from the nobility or Church. A trader's pursuit
of profit is considered unwholesome, mildly shameful in fact.
Artisans (who range from weavers and carpenters to goldsmiths
and armorers) are considered very useful, but no more than that.

Merchants and craftsmen congregate in the towns and cities
where they set up shops and market stalls. Some (especially
greater merchants) become very wealthy, and in key trade centers
like Venice can be as powerful and influential as nobles.

Cainites who hide among the merchants and craftsmen of the
Dark Medieval world probably hold the greatest liberties in undead
pursuits. Traveling under the aegis of trade allows a vampire access
toaworld to feed upon. As longasher drinking habits are kept low-
key, a merchant vampire can live out a long and plentiful
immortality. The freedom of travel would also allow her to set up
shop and hunting grounds in a new locale, when an old one grows
too competitive, in business or sustenance. A Cainite craftsperson
or merchant is also afforded the luxury of always living in towns
and cities — the veritable banquets for the undead.

The pitfalls of living the life of an immortal merchant lie in
the relative classlessness of the profession. Merchants do not fall
easily into the feudal plan of noble, peasant and clergyman. If a
Cainite merchant holds sway over a Cainite noble, that power
must be exercised behind closed doors. Before mortal eyes, a lesser
Cainite could refuse a Cainite merchant's credit, pleading dis-
reputable backers or foreign suppliers. According to kine ways,
this insult would be justifiable. Any retribution would have to
wait until only vampires were in witness.


WOMEN IN THE DARK AGES

Priests, kings and warriors — these are the archetypes that
come to mind when we think of the Middle Ages. But what about
the other half of the population? What role do women play in the
Dark Medieval world?

Women in the Middle Ages were a bundle of contradictions,
with sinful Eve and saintly Mary representing the two aspects of
their sex. While women were not allowed to possess property in
most circumstances, they were also looked on with great respect
as the focus of chivalry. Few women owned shops in their own
ight, but they worked alongside their fathers, husbands and sons
at trades and crafts for the good of the family. Even fewer women
than men were literate, but their roles in raising families were
considered important nonetheless.

Eleanor of Aquitaine, Marie de France, Christine de Pisan,
Hildegarde von Bingen and many other medieval women whose
names time has forgotten were able to rise to positions of power.
They were the exceptions and not the rule, but the fact that they
achieved a large degree of personal power demonstrates that it
was not impossible — even in the historical medieval world —for
women to rise to positions of prominence.

(terarcr ty OF BLooD |
In comparison to the mortal world, in the world of
Cainites, the roles to which people are born take on little
significance. A powerful ancient vampire may Embrace an
old womarp, a leper, a child, a Jew or a Saracen, and woe to
the neonfte! who attempts to enforce mortal prejudices
upon his vampiric betters! In a world where Chimerstry,
Obfuscate and Vicissitude can transform one's appearance
in_an instant, any vampire who survives for long quickly
learns that judging his fellows on the basis of superficial
traits like yonder is not only dangerous, but often deadly.
Though it often takes a century or more for some neonates
to get used to the idea, female vampires are considered
equals to their male counterparts, particularly among el-
ders. Vampire society is thus comparatively progressive.

Lire AMONG THE KINE

Most people live on the land, and are slaves to the rhythms.
of the seasons. Spring and early summer are slow, monotonous
times, with plowing, sowing, animals' births and crafts to occupy
the long daylight hours. There are festivals and Christian holi-
days, and the long Lent fast (a month before Easter when the
Church insists that people abstain from eating meat or dairy
products). The damage of winter is repaired, and vegetable plots
are overhauled.

Late summer and fall are fraught with constant hard work
(reaping, haymaking, grape picking and threshing) and plenty of
worries. (What ifa high wind flattens the nearly ripe barley? What
if the grapes wither from drought?) Villagers who pursue other
trades through the rest of the year (miners, weavers, carpenters)
are recruited to help with the harvests. Even beggars and the
destitute might find work and a square meal at these times.

Winterisa time to hole up and hope, to make and mend, and
to pray for mild weather. Peasants' drafty huts are often made of
wattle and daub (wooden frames with mud and dung for plaster).
Harsh winters kill livestock and people alike, storms demolish
houses and farm buildings, rats and insects eat or spoil cured meats
and grains laid up for the winter.

For the few who live in the towns and cities life is more
regular, but often no easier. Many craftsmen labor from dawn to
dusk each day, and it is hunger — not greed — that drives them
to work even on Sundays and holy days. The poor artisan spends
nearly all his income on food, or more if the harvest is poor.

Indeed, cities suffer more than anywhere else when the
harvests fail, as country nobles and peasants keep the scarce food
for themselves. Faminessweep Europe at least once every 10 years.
Even more dangerous to the townsfolk are fire and disease, for
urban settlements are cramped and squalid, with sewage running
in the gutters between flammable, thatched, wooden buildings.
Frequent visitors bring illnesses, and carelessness brings fires.

PLAGUES

Disease is one of the leading causes of death in the
Dark Medieval world. The Black Plague that decimated
neatly a third of Europe is many years away from the late
12th century, butsmaller outbreaks of disease can still wipe

out entire towns. Plague is transmitted through blood and
saliva (coughi flresing). and jits most disgusting
symptoms ttinfic those of the'Mortis power Plague.

Manyof the deaths attributed to plague are in fact the
work of vampires. As their victims waste away over a
period Ae or weeks, growing paler and weaker with
each feeding, it may appear to friends and family the
unfortunate are stricken with sickness.

Some groups of vampires, often those who think little
of Caine's Six Traditions, actively pursue and sometimes
perpetuate plague and discase. In some cases, whole mortal
villages have been wiped out over the course of a single
wintér. Vampires are mostly unharmed by mortal ail-
ments, and may transfer disease from one vessel to another
during feeding, Certain diseases will manifest in vampires
from drinking tainted blood, but these effects are
nonaggrayated and can be healed normally.

Shortly after signs of plague strike an area, coteries of
brash Cainites arrive to feed upon the dying and the still-
healthy. The truly ruthless have been known to create
plagues of their own and expose whole mortal communities
totheailments, the better to hide their blood-drinking. Itcan
only be so long before such blatant atrocities go punished.

Medical science is in its infancy, and while the nobility may
be able to afford the best, even the most expensive physicians may
do more harm than good. Epidemics respect neither rank nor
wealth. Nobles might fall victim to the atrocities of war, or die on
some journey; the wealthy travel a great deal (touring their
estates, negotiating with their peers). They might find themselves
beset by bandits, wrecked at sea by some storm or dying of more

CHAPTER TWO: THE DARK AGES


common misfortunes —an infected wound inflicted by a fall from
a horse, or a chill brought on by being caught in a storm.
Furthermore, peasant rebellions are not uncommon, and al-
though they never really achieve anything, the mobs often kill a
few of their hated overlords before they are routed.

MEDIEVAL BELIEFS

The vast majority of medieval people do not believe in
liberty, equality, democracy or individualism. They donot believe
in science, rational inquiry or the power of the human mind.
Instead, they believe in rigid social distinctions, the rule of the
elite and the organization of society according to groups. This is a
world in which the nobility is believed to be appointed by God and
assumed to be naturally superioras rulers. Itisalsoa world in which
"justice" dictates thata whole community may be punished for the
crimes of one member (an entire village may be burned because
some of its people have hunted the king's deer, for example). And
it is a world in which an entire ethnic group — the Jews — are
persecuted for what their forebears are said to have done a
millennium before.

In place of science and inquiry, the medieval world has religion
and belief. True knowledge, the Church teaches, comes only from

God, and is revealed through the Bible — and through the Church.
RELIGION

The vast majority of Europe's inhabitants are at least nomi-
nally Christian. The remainder are mainly Jews, although in places
isolated groups of pagans persist. The only true stronghold of
paganism is the kingdom of Lithuania, although pockets of pagan-
ism endure among the Lapps of the far north, the tribes of northern
Poland, the inhabitants of the Isle of Man in the Irish Sea, and in
isolated mountain communities scattered throughout Eastern Eu-
rope. Elsewhere, Christianity has replaced the old religions.

The medieval Christian Church believes that it is the only
true religion, worshipping the only true God. All other religions
are false and are thus blasphemies against God, serving the
purposes of Satan. The Church offers salvation, based on the belief
that Jesus Christ physically rose from the dead and now sits in
Heaven to grant eternal life to those who follow Him. Of course,
the Church argues that to follow Christ a person must not only
believe in Him, but must also obey the Church, avoid sin and, if
possible, perform good works. "Sins" include theft, murder, assault
and other crimes, but also pride, gluttony, laziness, greed, witch-
craft, adultery, fornication, sodomy and usury, among other things.

Throughout Europe, Christianity has a religious monopoly.
The Jews do not proselytize, and pagans are slain if they attempt
to undermine the Church's teachings. The Church can tell the
people whatever it wants. Many people may have unusual under-
standings of Christian doctrine, and sometimes they band together
to form organized groups of heretics — but even these people are
essentially Christians. They may disagree about the particulars of
Christian doctrine (they might believe that the Church should
forsake its property, that priests need not be celibate or that only
the poor will be saved), but they accept the basics: there is aGod,
Christ was His "Son," and there is a Devil.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

To the medieval mind, it is nigh-inconceivable that God
does not exist. Agnosticism and atheism would seem absurd or
insane — if indeed anyone suggested such a thing.

Tue CAINITE HERESY

Founded in 413 by a Byzantine priest named Procopius, the
Cainite heresy is one of the most insidious and terrible effects that
the undead have had on mortal society. Rumored to have been
pieced together from fragments of the Book of Nod discovered in
a cave near the Dead Sea, the Cainite heresy melds together
certain of the more eschatological (i.c., relating to the end of the
world) traditional Biblical texts and recovered sections of the
Book of Nod to create a worship that is both debased and glorious.

The heresy is founded on the notion that Caine was in fact
God's favorite of Adam's two sons, and that the mark that was
placed upon him was in fact a sign of God's favor. Had God truly
been displeased with Abel's murder, He would not have hesitated
to slay Caine as well. By permitting Caine to live and setting a
mark upon him, God expressed tacit approval of the murder.
Caine, then, and all his brood had been touched by the hand of
the Lord, and were to be revered as angels.

Originally restricted to certain flagellant and monastic sects,
the heresy found its way westward with the Byzantine armies that
surged over the Italian peninsula during Justinian's reign. It
settled in Rome evenas the Arian Christians were driven out, and
insinuated itself into the belly of the Western Church. And so, in
the corridors of power of the Roman and Eastern Churches, the
heretics quietly steered the wrath of the holy against targets other
than their angels.

By A.D.879, the Cainite worship had become formalized, and
it has continued to the current day in more or less the same form.
Most of the forms and figures of traditional Catholic or Eastern
Orthodox Christianity are retained, with the primary difference
coming in the form of the Communion offered and sought.

As might be expected, the body and blood with which the
Cainites take Communion is not the symbolic wafer and wine.
The question of the transubstantiation of the Host into actual
flesh never raises its head in Cainite religious debates. Having
come to the conclusion that the blood and the body of the brood
of Caine are one and the same, Cainite priests and worshippers
(for there are many Cainite heretics among the laity) take their
infrequent Communion with vampiric vita.

Ofcourse, true vite isnotalwaysavailable, and certain, more
degraded congregations have substituted animal or even children's
blood for that of vampires'. It was through the actions of one such
group in Ostia that the heresy was finally uncovered and declared
anathema in 754, but by then the Cainite worship was too
extensive to be destroyed. Both mortals and Cainites despise
these pathetic brutalities; the former for obvious reasons, the
latter for the fact that they find being associated with these feeble
imitators to be insulting. Furthermore, Cainite heretics of this sort
do more to stir up mortal wrath against vampires than do the
depredations of a dozen ravenous Gangrel on the prowl.

Many Cainites are aware of and actively encourage the
activities of Cainite cells. They will happily contribute some of
their vite to these unholy rituals, for the notion of creating cadres


of fanatical ghoul followers is an attractive one. Furthermore, this
sort of arrangement usually results in Blood Oaths being formed
by entire heretic congregations to the fonts of their Communion.
Asa result, the Cainite heresy is splintered into many small cults
of personality, each devoted to one particular vampire.

This factionalism is the only thing that prevents the Cainite
cult from exerting a much greater influence over the Church and
Europe as a whole. Indeed, many heretic groups find themselves
at each other's throats, each accusing the other of serving an
inferior representative of divine grace. Doglike in their loyalty,
the notion that they are merely pawns in the squabbles of two
Cainites never crosses their minds.

There are Cainite heretics in the Vatican and the great
abbeys as well, though these tend to be a more subtle breed of
worshipper. Very few are Blood Oath-bound to a particular
Cainite, as there are more than enough vampires dealing with
such to ensure a fresh supply of vitae for each Communion. These
heretics use their influence to protect the rights and properties of
those they worship, and twist policy and doctrine toserve Cainite
ends. Each bears a silver ring inscribed with a passage from
Genesis 4:15 ("Therefore whosoever slayeth Caine, vengeance
shall be taken on him sevenfold") or simply the cryptic inscrip-
tion "I:IV:XV." While fellowship in the heresy isnot acknowledged
in public, it is a real and potent force in the politics of the Curias
and debates of the holy.

(SEOGRAPHY

In the Dark Medieval world, Europe is dominated by a small
number of powerful kingdoms. The Holy Roman Empire is the
largest state in Europe, and covers Germany, northern Italy and
part of western France. It is currently in the midst of a long civil
war fought between two rival Emperors, Otto of Brunswick and
Philip of Swabia. The Empire actually comprises dozens of small
duchies; the dukes owe allegiance to the emperor but often rule
their lands as independent monarchs, and it is the feuds between
these rulers that so often divide the empire.

The English kings (currently King Richard the Lionheart)
rule lands in England, Wales, northern France and (theoretically)
Ireland. In 1199 Richard is killed in battle and is succeeded by his
vicious brother John. The Kingdom of France under Philip II,
perhaps the strongest single kingdom in Europe and certainly the
best administered, is expanding by seizing lands in northern
France from England. Constantinople, under the Emperor Alexius
II, controls an empire including modern-day Turkey (disputed
with the Moors), Serbia and Greece.

Other kingdoms rule the fringes of Europe, including the
kingdoms of Hungary, Poland, Jerusalem (actually based on Cyprus,
as Jerusalem itself is in Moslem hands) and Scotland; the Princi-
palities of Russia; and the "Empire" of Bulgaria. Numerous smaller
kingdoms and principalities also exist, such as the petty kingdoms
of Iberia, the four principalities of Ireland, the tiny states of

CHAPTER TWO: THE DHRK AGES


Switzerland, and the kingdom of Denmark. Europe also contains
one last bulwark against Christianity, the pagan kingdom of
Lithuania and the lands surrounding it along the Baltic coast.
Perhaps the most powerful person in Europe is the Po
Pope controls his own private principality in central Ital
ing the city of Rome itself, but more importantly, he is the head
of the Church throughout western Europe. While the earthly
kingdoms are divided among warring monarchs, all acknowledge
the Pope as a higher spiritual authority beneath whose jurisdic-
tion all mortal kingdoms fall. Some also argue that as Christ's
representative on earth, the Pope should have supreme authority
onall matters, and claim that all secular rulers should bow down
in obedience to him. The year 1198 sees the death of the
moderate Pope, Celestine III, and his replacement by the shrewd
and domineering Innocent III.

LAW AND ORDER

There are no "police forces" or other professional law en-
forcement agencies in the medieval world. There are, however,
numerous groups and individuals who share responsibility for
keeping the peace.

Individual wardens or groups of soldiers are posted to each
town and city gate, to ensure that lepers and known criminals do
not enter, and to levy tolls on the merchants who pass through.
Each town or city also has a watch. This is usually organized into
groups of one to four lightly armed men, who patrol the streets
with lanterns, looking for criminals, vagrants and signs of fire.
Most patrol on foot, but in large cities they may have horses.
Small cities have only single watches. Larger settlements are
divided into wards, each with its own watch.

The ruler of each town or city (be it a mayor, magnate or
royally appointed nobleman) also maintains a group of soldiers —
not mindless thugs and mercenaries, but intelligent, scrupulous
men who can be trusted to conduct searches for outlaws and
criminals in and around the town. Most powerful nobles maintain
small personal armies, which may be called upon to hunt out or
pursue criminals. In the countryside, these nobles and their men are
the only enforcers of order, and many noblemen abuse this power.

Any citizen who sees a crime in progress is obliged to "call a
hue and cry." This means that he screams, shouts and pursues the
perpetrator, alerting all around him to the criminal's misdeeds.
Those standing nearby are obliged to join in the chase, unless
some urgent need prevents them. Those who ignore a hue and cry
may be fined.

"Crimes" in the Dark Medieval world range from petty
disturbance and selling shoddy merchandise to immorality (e.g.,
running a brothel inside the city walls) to theft and murder.
However, crimes which smack of blasphemy are investigated by
the Church. Gross crimes (such as devil worship or blatant
supernatural activity) sometimes attract special Inquisitors. These
are well- educated, astute men, who are appointed by a local
bishop to investigate crimes against God. They have no power to
punish offenders, but they are so respected (or feared) by the
nobility that they can easily persuade local authorities to arrest or
execute blasphemers.

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

PERSONAL SECURITY

Medieval mortals may carry daggers or eating knives around
with them. In most regions people are required by law to keep
spears or bows, for use in defending their towns or settlements, but
carrying such weapons in public is often illegal and is certainly
rare. The wardens who guard town gates and the watches that
patrol the streets at night may carry swords or maces, but only
nobles and professional soldiers are more heavily armed.

Soldiers may carry swords or spears, shields and sometimes
bows or crossbows. Nobles can own an array of weapons, usually
including swords, daggers, lances and shields, plus metal armor —
but they rarely goabout armed, unless war or other danger threatens.

Locks are expensive and rare, and are crude by modern stan-
dards. Doors and shutters are normally just fastened from within by
sturdy wooden bars. Wealthy mortals may have dull glass in their
windows, but most folk just cover them with sackcloth, and fasten
shutters across them at night. This means that a barred door or
window cannot be opened from the outside, except by brute force,
butalso thata building can only be secured if there are people inside.

People routinely bar all doors and windows before going to
sleep each night. Shops as well as houses are locked, since mer-
chants and artisans live above or adjacent to their storehouses and
workshops. It is very rare for folk to set guards over their houses or
premises at night. Important nobles might have soldiers who patrol
their castles, but the closest things that most mortals have to
private security systems are guard dogs or flocks of geese. Of course,
Cainites should not underestimate these animals. The dogs may be
as tough as wolves (some are bred to hunt down wolves, others to
bait bears or chase stags), and even geese can make a fearful noise.

SUPERSTITION IN THE
MeEpIEVAL WorLD

The people of the Dark Medieval world know that vampires
exist. They tell stories and legends of the dead who walk, of people
who gain immortality but cannot bear the light of day, of semihuman
monsters and fiends who ear human flesh or drink human blood.
These stories are often inaccurate; some tales actually confuse vam-
pires with other creatures. But however confused their ideas about
vampires might be, these people know of vampires, and fear them.

Such stories tell of people who rise from the dead to terrorize
their neighbors and relatives. These creatures are often seen as
ravenous beasts (cunning vampires tend to evade notice), or are
portrayed as ghosts (legends spawned by wraiths have become con-
fused with vampire myths). Many vampire stories have no mention
of blood-drinking — vampires can erase evidence of their feeding,
after all — but portray the undead creatures as purposeless revenants.

Ghouls are often considered examples of people "possessed"
by evil spirits, and are rarely connected with vampires. Cainites
themselves are often considered to be demonic spirits inhabiting
the bodies of the dead. The effects of vampires' supernatural
powers, called Disciplines, reinforce the belief that they are
demons or aided by evil spirits.

Many "traditional" charms against vampires are advocated
by peasant wise women and priests. It is believed that garlic,
acoms and hawthom boughs can keep vampires at bay. It is said


that the undead cannot crossa line of salt or holy water. A crucifix
or a holy man's prayers are meant to hold them back, and
vampires may not cross thresholds without an invitation. In most
cases, the charms are empty superstitions.

Popular methods for destroying vampires are crude but effective.
The most common method is to rip out the vampire's heart or burn the
entire body. Some knowledgeable individuals, however, may have
more accurate or detailed understandings of Cainites and their
customs. Some pious priests, for example, have committed them-
selves to destroying all of "Satan's minions" (including vampires, of
course), and may learn much of the Cainites during their Inquisitions.

HUNTERS AND
HUNTED

Though vampires fancy themselves to be at the top of the
food chain, there are many who come into conflict with these
hunters of the night. These antagonists may often be dealt with
through guile and subterfuge, and the vampire who attempts to
kill anything that poses an obstacle to him will quickly learn that
not every problem can be solved through brute strength.

© Templars and Church Knights: With the power of the
Church supporting the might of their swords, these foes are
dangerous indeed. Their ability to rally townsfolk against "the
forces of Lucifer" — real or imagined — can pose a serious threat
to any Cainites who cross their path.

* Mortal Authorities: Dismissed by some as insignificant,
mortal authorities outside the Church can still make unlife
decidedly unpleasant for a vampire if they are crossed.

* Other Vampires: Though most disagreements and power
struggles are settled by intrigue, duels to the death between
Cainite foes are not unheard of. Should the local prince be called
upon to dispense justice, the consequences could be dire indeed.

¢ Mythic Beasts: Rarely seen, these are among the most
deadly enemies a vampire can face. Fortunately they are only
found in remote areas usually unfrequented by mortals, and
therefore unlikely places for a vampire to be anyway.

* Demons and Diabolists: Those who would serve Hell are
often even more of a threat to a vampire's existence than those
who serve Heaven. With their reasonable requests and often
sympathetic conversation, these fiends will more often than not
twist the soul of a vampire. After all, which is more fearsome: the
foe who attacks you with sword and crucifix, or the one who
tempts you into his palace?

* Werewolves: These shapechanging beasts are age-old
enemies of vampires. To travel through forests they claim as their
domain is extremely dangerous, as their hatred of vampires verges
on lunacy.

© Magicians: Their magicks are often potent, but many are
physically weak. Still, only the most foolish neonate would scoff
at the power they wield. Though the magicks that most common
folk know can do little more than heal the pox or predict what the
future may hold, the mightiest sorcerors are said to be able to cause
the sun to shine in the dead of night, or smite their enemies with
bolts of flame from leagues away.

© Ghosts: According to legend, these spirits of the restless
dead are cursed to walk the earth until Doomsday. Though not all
have power in the physical world, those thatdocan make even the
stones and winds do their bidding. Most seek revenge for wrongs
against them in life, but stories persist of mad ghosts bent on the
destruction of all the living world.

* Faeries: Unpredictable and wild, faeries may help or harm
individual Cainites at a whim. Mortals are familiar with the
warnings against taking the gifts or food of faeries, but it is
whispered that but a drop of their blood may bring ecstasy or fae
powers...or agony beyond imagining.



Dove art thoulosti hove onasuddsenlost
- Wilton, Karadise Lost

The dans are like most human societies ina fevo
respects. Gach dan has a certain flavor, like a reve
vintage, imparted by its particular Hoodline from
the progersy of Gains. dust as one might speak of a
mannerism or tradition as being "typically Ger
man' or "cern English," the Cainites might
stereotype someone as "the archetypal Toreador"

Wut the dans are also in a state of constant
flue. Coery fevo generations bring qreat change in
humansociety, and the parasitic Cainites change
as vwoell. Gects vise and are as quickly reabsorbed.
Some dans even perish, as the fall of Saudot and
the Galubei shoves. Jdeologies change with hu-
man philosophies, as exernplified by the adoption
of the Roads. an short, status quo for any
given dan man be quite dil ecentahundced years
herice- or eceninanother counter Mayers should
use the dan descriptions as guidelines, not cules.
‘The only things that hold teue for all dan ment
bers are the dan Disciplines and VOeaknesses.


The following 13 clans claim descent from the Antediluvians,
and are the only known true clans in existence. Although the
Baali are often mentioned, details of this bloodline can be found
under Antagonists (Chapter Nine). The devil-worshipping Baali
are nota full-blooded clan, and are so uniformly and unwaveringly

vile that they are recommended as Storyteller characters only.
Other bloodlines exist, but have little influence or respect. Players
may choose from any of the 13 clans, or may be one of the rare
Caitiff — the clanless.

AWSSAMITE

The Crusaders brought back many tales from the Holy Land,
some of which concemed a band of fanatical killers. The word the
Europeans coined for these silent murderers was assassin. The
Cainites, however, already knew ofa similar but far more dangerous
threat from Araby — the diabolists of Clan Assamite.

The vampires of the West had encountered the Assamites long
before the Crusaders. Some say that the conquerors who
set out for the East — Alexander, for example —
were pawns of the Cainites who feared the
Assamites. Rumors aside, the Assamites
are dreaded for good reason — they
seek to better themselves through
the practice of diablerie.

According to Assamite
teachings, one must lower his
generation in order to be-
come closer to Caine, and
therefore to Heaven. The
truest method is, ofcourse,
diablerie. Murder was sim-
ply part and parcel of the
way, and they became
skilled of necessity. They
even began a practice of
accepting assassination con-
tracts, payable by blood, from
other Cainites. Although
honor-bound to defend their
clanmates, the Assamites had no
compunctions about slaying any for-
eign vampires.

Recently, the Crusades have stirred up a
new rash of Assamite activity. Many of the clan have
watched their herds and living families suffer at the hands of the
marauding Westerners, and they thirst for revenge. As Islam takes
root in the lands of the Middle East, and Wester atrocities hover
ever closer, the Assamites are now more ready than ever to drink
deeply of the European vitae, whether contracted to do so or not.

Sobriquet: Saracens

Appearance: There are no known Assamites from any
culture other than those of the East — Arabs, Moorsand the like.
Consequently, most have the distinguishing characteristics of

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

the "Saracens": swarthy skin, aquiline features and dark hair and
eyes. Unlike other Cainites, they do not grow paler in death.
Instead, their skin becomes darker over the years; very elder
Assamites are nearly ebony-black.
Haven: Theclanelders live at Alamut, a hidden fortress atop
a mountain somewhere in Asia Minor. Neonates who operate in
Europe choose the most inaccessible, remote and pri-
vate locations as their havens.
Background: The clan tendstowatch
potential neonates before allowing an
Assamite to sire progeny. Although
necessity sometimesdemands that
a new childe be sired quickly,
the Assamites prefer making
time for an apprenticeship.
Optimally, they teachanew
initiate (or fida'i) forseven
years, but this varies with
need. The one thing that
no Assamite sire neglects
to instill in his childe is
clan loyalty.
Character Creation:
Assamites do not Embrace
females or Westerners, and
tend toselect mathematicians,
poets and scientists as often as
they choose warriors or thieves.
Their Demeanors disguise their true
selves by necessity. Any Attributes may
be primary, but Skills are usually the pri-
mary Abilities. Popular Backgrounds include
Mentor (thesire) and Generation (often from diablerie).
Virtually every Assamite follows the Blood Road.
Clan Disciplines: Celerity, Obfuscate, Quietus
Weaknesses: All Assamites must give a 20 percent blood
tithe to their sires, in accordance with clan law. In addition, the
practices of the Assamites mean that any ritual or Auspex use
which could detect a diabolist will pinpoint an Assamite — even
if the Assamite had never even so much as tasted another
vampires blood.


Organization: The Assamites follow a hierarchy that peaks
with the Old Man of the Mountain, the master of the clan.
Assamites are incredibly loyal to one another, and the clan
operates with a startling efficiency. If not for the clan's insistence
on self-reliance, one who wrongs a fida'i could well feel an
Assamite elder's anger.

Quote: Hush and be still, O my enemy. It is nothing less than
Fate which drives my hand, and you suffer no dishonor in falling to a
superior foe.

STEREOTYPES

¢Brujah — Had they remained scholars and not taken up
arms, we would have been as friends.

*Cappadocians — Such magics should not be. They defy
Allah with their practices.

Followers of Set — I fear no serpent, not even that which
walks as men do.

*Gangrel — There is no honor in becoming a beast, no
matter how well you kill.

*Lasombra — I have seen their hand behind the Crusades.
They owe us a debt of blood.

*Malkavians — Give charity to the mad, so it is written. But
remember that their minds are feeble and broken.
Nosferatu — Is it not said that deformity is the mark of a
tainted soul? To destroy one of these pitiful horrors is
certainly a great service to them.

*Ravnos—Honorlessdogs. Surely even their blood is tainted.

* Toreador — They have attained some primitive enlight-
enment, but they are ultimately weak.
# Tremere — These sorcerers are of like mind tous.
They make useful pawns — and dangerous foes.
#Tzimisce — They are distorted, selfish and
base. Even the Gangrel are more like men
than these.
*Ventrue—They have learned of Alamut
and would lay siege to the Eagle's Nest. A
shame they will always fail.
*Baali— We bear them no malice
and do not consider them fear-
some. But thesons of the Shaitan
must never reach their goal.


BrRUJAH

The Brujah are the ultimate scholar-warriors, alwaysstriving
toward perfection of mind and body. The elders of the clan can
recall the Golden Age, and speak wistfully of lost Carthage. It is
the ultimate goal of the Brujah to bring about a better place, one
where vampires of all sorts can exist peacefully and prosper-
ously.

Unfortunately, no wound stings worse than a
dream denied. The death of Carthage seems to have
only increased their rancor, and the other clans'
refusal to move beyond the status quo leaves a bitter
taste in their mouths. So they fight. They fight the
Ventrue for destroying Carthage, they fight the
Lasombra for encouraging the status quo, they fight
the Tremere for slaying Saulot — the list
seems eternal. The Brujah are nothing if not
lovers of a caus

Currently, the Brujah are becoming a
clan divided. They cannot agree among
themselves how best to bring about
change, or indeed what goal they should
pursue. Some favor creating a society
where humans and Cainites peacefully

coexist; others wish to remain in the
shadows, egalitarian among themselves
but superior to mortals. In addition,
clan members are now Embracing as
many men-at-arms as they are think-
ers and philosophers, preparing for
the battles they say are coming. The
clan that believes in harmony is splinter-
ing under the weight of its own change.
Although the clan's infrastructure is
suffering through a state of decay, Brujah Ks
will rally to one another's side when the «
need is there. Mostsires treat their childer
with more respect than is demonstrated in @
other clans. The Brujah are traditionally
suspicious of outsiders, but if their favoris won,
they can be the most doggedly loyal (and
stubborn) friends one can have.
Sobriquet: Zealots
Appearance: For the most part, Brujah are fit and have the
bearing of eagles. They prefer Embracing neonates that are near
perfection in body and mind, but the current age is forcing them to
lower their standards somewhat. Brujah identify strongly with
mortals, and neonates prefer dressing as they did in life (or at least
looking as normal as possible).

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Haven: Brujah live where they choose, but most prefer to
live near people. Many maintain their mortal residences (if any),
and on rare occasions, two will share accommodations in a city.
Background: Brujah look for thinkers and those frequently

dissatisfied with society as they know it. A craftsman

may be unlettered, but will be considered if he
can express his thoughts reasonably well.
Martial candidates for the Embrace are con-
sidered for their thinking ability, strategy and
planning, not just for how well they swing a
sword. The Brujah prize egalitarianism and
will choose whomever they deem worthy,
whether man or woman, serf or noble.
Character Creation: Brujah tend to come
from intellectual or man-at-arms concepts, but can
be of practically any background. Spain is the current
seat of Brujah power, and many neonates come
from there. The common link is their
desire to see the status quo turned into
something truly important. They usually
have aggressive or dynamic Natures and
Demeanors. Physical or Mental At
tributes are usually primary, as are
Talents and Knowledges. Brujah tend
to have Allies, Retainers and Herd as
their Backgrounds. Most follow the Roads
of Humanity or Heaven.
Clan Disciplines: Celerity, Potence,
Presence
Weaknesses: Although they consis-
tently deny it, the Brujah are far and away
the clan most susceptible to frenzy. Most
take no pride in this flaw of their blood,
and many become hostile to the point of
frenzy if the subject is raised. The difficulty
for a Brujah's frenzy roll is always two higher
than the listed number.
Organization: Brujah tend to their own
affairs for the most part, but can call on their
clanfolkin times ofneed. Occasionally, the Brujah
of a region will gather for a council, sharing news
and attempting to settle on a specific common purpose. These
councils rarely end with much accomplished, save more promises
of loyalty and camaraderie.

Quote: You fools! There are greater things in existence, and they
are within your reach! We can change the world if you but stand with
us. Wake up before you die!


STEREOTYPES

Assamites— We share acommon enemy in the Ventrue,
but nothing else.

*Cappadocians — Morbid and deluded. Leave them to
their graverobbing.

Followers of Set — Where we build, they corrode. They
are our enemies.

*Gangrel — Their breasts burn with the
fire of the Beast, but they do not try to
tise above it. If only they were civi-
lized, they would make fine allies.
eLasombra — Contemptible
skulkers and puppetmasters. The
first steps to a just society will have

to be taken on Lasombra corpses.
¢Malkavians — Alas for the chil-
dren of Malkav, for they are a
broken clan. Learn from them,

and aid your brethren, lest we

fall into chaos as deeply as

they have.

(GI

Xs

Nosferatu — Despite their curse, they have the sharpest

ears of us all. Do not dismiss them.

*Ravnos — They despise truth and run from it.

*Toreador — We value art and accomplishment, as do

they. But their disdain to fight for their beliefs damns them,

as it would us, were we to rely on the Toreador.

Tremere — Never believe their lies. They killed Saulot for

love of power, and would kill you for the same.

© Tzimisce — Be wary when you walk with them. Close
two eyes, and you will wake up with none.

© Ventrue— They have hated ussince Carthage. Since
Carthage, we have hated them
Baali— There isnothing] prize that the Baali donot

seek to defile. Send them back to the pits they so


(CAPPADOCIANS

Known among Cainites for millennia as the "Clan of Death," the
Cappadocians are shunned even by their brethren for their macabre
interests. Cappadocius himself was an iconoclastic priest in life, and
continued his search for the secrets of life, death and what lay beyond
after his Becoming. His childer have continued his research, and
through their efforts Cainites have learned much about the nature of
their existence. Still, the secretive nature of the clan has caused as
many people to fear them as respect them.

In vampiric society, Cappadocians often fill the role of advisors
to princes. They are respected for their insight and wisdom, and
largely trusted due to their lack of interest in
earthly power. Because of this, the Ventrue
and Cappadocians have formed an unof-
ficial alliance, whereby the former
provides a secure place to do research in
exchange for the counsel of the latter.

Their seat of power lies in Turkey, where
they have access to remote research loca-
tions as well as centers of learning.

The clan has recently Embraced a
small cabal of necromancers in order to fur-
ther their studies. These new vampires are

currently developing a Discipline of their own,
although it is far from polished. It is the hope of
the Cappadocians that this shared knowledge
will help break down the final barriers, re-
vealing the truths they have sought for
millennia.
Sobriquet: Graverobbers
Appearance: Most Cappadocians
spend their nights engaged in study of
death, so it is not surprising that
many of them affect the dress of
scholars and monks. Long dark
robes, simply cut and unadorned,
are mostcommon, though some also
wear carved and painted masks, fash-
ioned to look like skulls or death-throes.
Haven: Members of the Clan of Death often choose
tombs and ossuaries, or the catacombs beneath cathedrals or
monasteries, where one more robed figure is unlikely to attract
attention. They surround themselves with reminders of mortal-
ity, often in the form of macabre works of art.

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Background: Cappadocians select neonates from scholars
and the priesthood, though occasionally an executioner, tomb-
robber, thief or Crusader is chosen for the Becoming. A love of
learning and insatiable curiosity are of the utmost importance if
the neonate is to be able to carry out the clan's research.

Character Creation: Most Cappadocians are learned folk

and those who are of a philosophical bent, includ-
ing many of Scholar and Visionary concepts.
Mental Attributes are always primary, and
Knowledges tend to predominate over Tal-
ents and Skills. Though the ability to
contribute to the clan's knowledge of death
is paramount, this is not to say that every
Graverobber is a weakling. Many prefer the
Road of Heaven.
Clan Disciplines: Auspex, Fortitude,
Mortis
Weaknesses: No matter how much
blood a Cappadocian drinks, her skin will
always remain pale and cold as a bloodless
corpse. Because of this deathly pallor, the
difficulty for any Social roll is increased by
one, and they are more easily marked as
vampires. Note: If you are using the
optional system of Merits and Flaws,
Cappadocians may not take the Merit
Sanguine Humor.
Organization: Cappadocians are
largely solitary and meet only infre-
quently with each other to exchange
knowledge. Each winter all members of
the clan whoare able travel toa disused
monastery, where they perform secret
rituals on the winter solstice.
Quote: In the end, we shall all end up
as dust — yes, even you, my brother. But
are you really foolish enough to think that
will be the end of existence?


STEREOTYPES
*Assamites — Killers who have no appreciation for the sacred act they
carry out time and again.
*Brujah — They claim to fight for what they believe in, but there is
rarely any spiritual depth to their crusades.
Followers of Set — To corrupt another's soul is surely the greatest
crime imaginable. Although they believe themselves to be masters of
spiritual decay, they know little of the consequences of their actions.
*Gangrel—In their attempt to reconcile man and beast, they have left
their higher selves behind.
*Lasombra — With all their talk of darkness, they forget that without
light, there can be no shadow.
*Malkavians — To see into the realms of the spirit as they do requires true
wisdom and self-knowledge. While others dismiss them as fools and
madmen, we know the wisdom behind their eyes.
Nosferatu — Always hiding, always afraid to let people see them for
what they are. What kind of toll does this constant deception take
on their souls?
*Ravnos — Vagabonds and beggars who debase the name
vampyr with their childish games.
*Toreador — Their search to understand the eternal through
art is admirable, but until they lear to look beyond the
temporal world they are doomed to fail.
# Tremere — Upstarts who seek a power they cannot hope to
understand. A little knowledge of the occult arts can be a
dangerous thing indeed, as they will doubtless learn in time.
*Tzimisce — Mastery of the flesh is admirable; if they could
but see beyond it....

#Ventrue — Their realm is the temporal, fleeting world of
mortal power. Admirable allies, they have achieved near
mastery of what they set their sights on.
*Baali — Fools. If they truly understood the meaning of the
eternity beyond death, they would not talk of itso lightly.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


FOLLOWERS OF SET

There are few vampires who would willingly grant hospital-
ity to a Follower of Set, and for good reason. The Setites, as they
call themselves, are servants of darkness and corruption incar-
nate. The clan's ultimate goal is to corrode the ethics away from
humanity and Cainites alike, creating a surfeit of slaves for
themselves and their dark master.

Legends name Set, or sometimes Sutekh, as the clan's founder.
In ancient Egypt, or so they say, Set was a great warrior and hunter.
He hounded the desert nights like a beast and became worshipped by
mortals as the god of night. He welcomed such
worship and enjoyed the respect of his
fellow Cainites. But eventu-
ally he was cast out. Here
the stories become confused;
some say Osiris banished Set,
while others claim Horus de-
feated him. In any event, Set
swore to reestablish his rule,
but this time from the dark-
ness. And in his footprints
walked his childer.

Set disappeared in A.D.

33, promising to return someday

to his followers. The Setites there-

fore work to make the world a fitting place for their
master's return. So far, they have enjoyed moderate
success. They approve of the widespread disease and
imbalance of wealth; the more unhappy someone is,
the more likely she will snatch at any chance to
better her lot.

Setites work in insidious ways. They believe
that the best way to corrupt someone is to give that
person exactly what he wants, and watch desire
breed even stronger desire. They foster ecstasy and
indulgence in their flocks, always encouraging ex-
cess, quietly addicting their prey to the pleasures
only the Setites can pro-
vide. Pity the Thrallwith Q—\——=

SEES
aSetiteRegnant, oranyone) WQS
else caught in their honeyed "Sweoosd —=4
snare. The Followers of Set do what
they do from religious zeal, and thus can be even more merciless
than the inhuman Tzimisce.

Sobriquet: Serpents

Appearance: Most Setites come from Middle Eastern or North
African backgrounds; however, some appear in the most unex-
pected places. Red hair is prized as a mark of Set. Many of the

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Followers wear archaic neo-Egyptian robes while in the privacy of
their havens. Ritual disfigurement is popular among zealous Setites,
though the nature of such varies among individuals.

Haven: Setites prefer lairs deep underground; caverns, grot-
toes and oubliettes are all popular. They enjoy decorating the walls
of these havens with Egyptian hieroglyphs detailing the story of Set.
Rare cloths and incenses are also popular among those Setites who
enjoy boasting of their decadence. They call their havens temples,
and often place them under or near the headquarters ofany cult they

may be controlling.

Background: Follow-
ers of Set typically choose
neonates from their own
retainers. They tend to se-

lect only those of Egyptian
descent, but some say that
the most extensive Viking
raids picked up Setites and
carried them back to the
north. These rumors, and
those of Norse Cainites paying
homage to the Midgard Serpent
through debased rites, have yet to
be proven.

Character Creation: Setites, particularly those
in Western Europe, tend to come from outsider
concepts. Possible Natures include Tyrant, Rogue or
Monster; their Demeanors might be whatever seems
appropriate. They lean toward primary Social At-
tributes and Talents. Most have the Background of
Retainers, as well as some Contacts, Herd or Influ-
ence. Loyal Setites follow the Road of Typhon.

Clan Disciplines: Obfuscate, Presence, Serpentis

Weaknesses: Setites are very susceptible to sun-
light. Double the dice for damage from any exposure

to the sun.
Organization: Setite
groups organize into
temples and have a form of
church hierarchy passed down
from the first priests of Set. They often form small
cults of mortal followers, with themselves as the dark clergy.
There is some backstabbing and treachery within the ranks, but
only as long as no outside force threatens the clan.

Quote: Ah, say no more, my friend. No words are necessary
You hunger — I can sate you. You thirst —I can quench that thirst.
Please, follow me.


STEREOTYPES

* Assamites — They, too, know the anger of the persecuted. They are our
siblings, deny it as they may.

Brujah — These zealots are strong fighters, but ultimately as flawed
pottery. Their anger will crack them in half.

*Cappadocians — In their obsession with forgotten knowledge lie
both danger and opportunity. Cultivate them, for they would
make excellent scribes to the glory of Set's reign.
*Gangrel — Feed a dog the meat it craves and it will lick
your hand. So it is with the Gangrel.
*Lasombra— Yes, they understand darkness. All they lack
is knowledge of His name...
*Malkavians — How can one leada lunatic into temptation?
Best to avoid these ones.
*Nosferatu— They might be dangerous if not for their self-
proclaimed hopelessness. Ultimately, they serve very little
purpose.
*Ravnos — They scoff and strut and thieve, pretending to
take nothing seriously. But they cannot deny the monster
that lurks deep within.
Toreador — For all their righteous talk of the spiritual
purity of art, they submit to their vices readily
enough.
Tremere — Ah, the new players emerge on
the field of millennia. We must arrange to
welcome them suitably and generously.
©Tzimisce—Theirlordships make much
of their power and independence, and
indulge in what they consider shows of
strength in indulgence. What irony
that they all but belong to us already.
#Ventrue — Love of power and jaded
sensibilities; the Ventrue have needs,
and we are always happy to offer relief.
*Baali — Children.


GANGREL

Through the forest nights wander the lonely, nomadic
Gangrel. Unlike their brethren, Gangrel spurn the trappings of
civilization, preferring to roam the deep wilds in solitude. The
Gangrel is a clan only in the loosest sense; its members tend to be
tugged individualists, indifferent to the protocols of either mortal
or vampire. They are the bestial ones, the closest to losing
themselves to the wild.

Few beings know the wild places like the Gangrel do. They
remember many of the ancient sites of elder magic, and have allied
with (or at least know how to avoid) the few mythic beasts still
dwelling near those sites. Gangrel also traffic with more mundane
beasts, and most Gangrel can converse with the denizens of
forest and field. Indeed, Gangrel tend to be more comfortable
with such creatures than with the mortals they were or the
vampires they have become.

Of all vampires, Gangrel have made the most progress
toward establishing anything close to tolerable relations with the
Lupines. Perhaps this is because
Gangrel are themselves
master shapeshifters;
most tales of transform-
ingvampireshave their
roots in the doings of
the Gangrel. Thistalent,
however, comes with a
price — many older
Gangrel lose their hu-
man formaltogether,
becoming more like
the beasts they emu-
late. Many Gangrel
alsohave lost any sem-
blance of human
behavior, and hunt and
feast like wild animals.

Gangrel
once more common,
but the decline of the
ancient pagan cultures
and the spread of human
civilization (and its vampiric parasites) have forced the clan
deeper and deeper into the wastes. Many Gangrel resent this, and
battles have recently been fought between civilized "settlers" and
Gangrel reluctant to leave their hunting grounds. Even those
Gangrel who have accepted Christendom (if not necessarily
Christianity) rarely venture into the more populous regions,
instead wandering the back roads from hamlet to hamlet and farm
to farm as the mood strikes them.

were

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Sobriquet: Animals

Appearance: Many Gangrel appear as, and dress in the
manner of, barbarian peoples. Furs, plaids, deerskin clothing and
similar garb predominate. Some, emulating the Highland Picts,
go about in woad and little else.

Of course, those unfortunate Gangrel who have fallen prey
to the Beast one too many times have a look all their own. Tufted
ears, horns, coats of fur, razor talons, gleaming catlike eyes, even
feathers and scales adorn (deform?) these bétes noires, and a feral
musk wafts from them.

Haven: The Animals almost never establish a
permanent haven, but instead wander the continent
in an inscrutable migratory pattern. Occasionally
one will mark a "hunting territory," but even this is
usually quite expansive. Gangrel rarely enter the
cities, preferring deep forests, lonely moors and even
peat bogs and fens. Their ability to meld into the

earth often means that the world is their haven.
Background: Many
Gangrel come from pa-
gan and_ barbarian
civilizations: Celts, Vi-
kings, Mongols, Lapps
and the like. Those
Gangrel drawn from
"civilized" peoples
tend to be chosen
from foresters, yeo-
men and other
sturdy, resourceful
folk on the outer
reaches of their civili-
zation.

Character Cre-
ation: Gangrel rarely
have sociable Na-
tures or Demeanors,
though Nature and
Demeanor can be dis-
similar (Gangrel rarely
lie, but even more rarely reveal their true agendas). Physical
Attributes are almost always primary, while Talents and Skills
predominate among the Abilities. Gangrel often have Allies
(forest tribes, magical creatures and the like), but rarely have
Influence. Most Gangrel follow the Road of the Beast, though a

very few from ancient bloodlines walk the Paradox Road.

Clan Disciplines: Animalism, Fortitude, Protean


Weaknesses: Gangrel are closely attuned to their inner
Beasts, but this carries a drawback. As Gangrel fall prey to their
ravenous urges, the Beast leaves its taint on their bodies. Each
time a Gangrel frenzies, she gains an animal feature (a furry coat,
atail, hooves, horns, luminous eyes, a guttural voice, etc.). Every
five such features reduce one of the Gangrel's Social Attributes
(player's choice) by onc. Ancient Gangrel often look (and sound,
and smell) completely bestial.

Organization: The clan has no formal organization to speak of.
Elder Gangrel are often respected for their might and cunning, but
there are also tales of ancient, monstrous Gangrel berserkers brought
down by packs of outraged younglings. A Gangrel's status, on the rare
occasions it comes into play, is based on the tales of that Gangrel's
deeds (even if told by the Gangrel herself — similar to the Celtic
boasting contests).

Quote: Thou arta valorous warrior, mortal, to have won through
tothis place. I shall give thee a death worthy of a champion and tell tales
of thy heroism.

STEREOTYPES
*Assamites — They are valiant, honorable and seek to
stop Christendom's advance. Were they not hell-bent on
hunting us down and drinking our blood, they might be
boon companions.
*Brujah — Heh! They seek to find Heaven by locking
themselves and a bunch of humans ina great walled crypt?
Knowing the Brujah, their perfect city would be a blood-
spattered abattoir in three nights.
Cappadocians — They would learn more from the songs of
acricket than from the whispers of an ancient cadaver.
Followers of Set — These tainted spawn of Jormungandr
are most honest when shrieking in their death-throes.
Lasombra — Treacherous churls. One worm of a Lasombra
sought to ensnare me in his foul plot. For all his airs of
superiority, his insides looked little different from most other
vampires'.

Malkavians — When a Malkavian speaks,
listen. When a Malkavian acts,
leave. When two Malkavians
gather, run.

*Nosferatu — A great doom fol-
lows them. Leave these wretches
to their misery.
*Ravnos — Vile, craven wastrels,
the worst of our kind. They pan-
dertothe mostcontemptible vices
and craft garish illusions to bol-
ster their lies. When you meet
one, rake your claws through its
entrails to make sure it's real.
Toreador — They have great
gifts and could have been our
kind's venerated bards. But in-
stead of crafting stirring epics to
exalt the valiant and praise the
virtuous, the Toreador spew vil-
est slander and spin gaudy webs
of lies.

Tremere — These sorcerers must
die, and may nosongs be sung of their
passing, but let theirname be stricken

s from the sagas and forgotten by all wor-
thy creatures.
©Tzimisce — They respect the land, and that is
good. Yet they harbor no corresponding respect
for the land's creatures, and for that we must kill
them. Still, that night must wait until the
Tremere are extinguished.
*Ventrue — He who seeks chieftainship
over me must eam it.
*Baali — There is rot in these scholars'
mouths and poison in their footprints.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


LASOMBRA

Elegant yet predatory, the Lasombra honestly think of them-
selves as the apex of Cainite existence. Firm believers in Divine
Right and the rule of the superior, they have little patience,
though often much pity, for those Cainites who are (through no
fault of their own) inferior.

The Lasombra character is a curious mix of noblesse oblige and
healthy contempt. They actively seek power wherever it may be
found, from the halls of the cloisters to the corridors of palaces, yet
they do not seek the titles and glory that come along with rule.
Instead of chasing command for its own sake, Lasombra take the
reins of power out of a firm belief that no one can hold them
better. The appearance of power is unimportant; what
matters is that the decisions are being made
by those most suited to make them.

Indeed, most Lasombra prefer
the role of kingmaker to the
title of king.

Hand in hand with this de-
termination to be the final
arbiters of all decisions comes a
healthy contempt for those who
the Lasombra feel are inferior to them in
mind, body or breeding. In essence this means
the rest of Cainite society, and while some of
the various clans have been accorded a mo-
dicum of respect, there are none the
Lasombra will acknowledge as equals. A
Lasombra will work with other Cainites,
and even go so far as to consider members of
other clans to be friends, but one will never, ever
consider a member of another clan to be an equal.

Unfortunately, there are those Lasombra
whose delight in the great game of politics
blinds them to all but the game itself.

Master manipulators, these Cainites view
all of Europe as but a chessboard that they
and their opponents play upon, the fall of
kingdoms being of only abstract interest to
them. It is these Lasombra whom the other
clans fear most, and their talents and tastes
have been attributed to the clan as a whole.

Sobriquet: Magisters

Appearance: Lasombra are generally dark-skinned, with
fine-boned features that announce their Italian, Spanish or
Moorish heritage. Many still look slightly tanned or weathered

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

from their exposure to the harsh southem sun during their days as
mortals. As befitting their noble station, those not bound by holy
orders to wear church vestments prefer the finest silks and other
expensive garments.

Haven: Many clan members dwell in the manors and guest.
houses of their family lands. Others seek refuge in the fortresslike
monasteries of Spain and Italy.

Background: Lasombra come almost exclusively from noble
bloodlines, particularly those of Spanish, Italian or Moorish

extraction. Most are skilled in the arts of war and court,

though a significant number have backgrounds in the
Church. It is extraordinarily rare for a
commoner to be Embraced by a

Lasombra.
Character Creation:
Nobles and clergymen are
common character concepts
for the Magisters. Architect and
Judge are common Natures, while
Mental Attributes and Talents
are often primary. It is rare fora
Lasombra not to have the Retainers and Re-
sources Backgrounds, and many have Mentors
in theclanas well. They tend toward the Road
of Heaven, but many question its values and
are experimenting with new codes of eth

ics.
Clan Disciplines:
Obtenebration, Potence

Dominate,

Weaknesses: The members of Clan Lasombra
cannot be seen in mirrors or any other reflective
surfaces, such as windows, bodies of water or
pools of quicksilver.
Organization: The Lasombraclanstruc-
Y) turcisavery formal one, loosely based onthe
€ hierarchy of the Church. Both secular and
L)) ecclesiastical titlesare used within theclan,
and members are permitted to retain their
arms and titles from their breathing days.
During gatherings of the Lasombra, more actual work is
done in the cloakroom than on the debating floor, though even
their sub rosa dealings are performed in perfect dignity.
Quote: An excellent decision. 1 applaud. Did you actually
manage to reach it all by yourself?


STEREOTYPES
* Assamites — Fury leashed by honor, the Assamites are worthy of
respect and even fear. Hold tight to that leash, for if they ever slip
it, they will be at your throat.
*Brujah — The Brujah are like an Arabian stallion with a
broken leg; once great, and too proud to know that they are
{ dead.
*Cappadocians — These befuddled scholars may yet stumble onto
some great secret or philosopher's stone, and on the night they do,
they will become dangerous. That night will come, in all probabil-
ity, a week after the last trump.
Followers of Set — Skulkers in the dark with their outdated
rituals and antiquated paganism, they belong to a dead age.
Even the Brujah have adapted better.
Gangrel — Leave them to the wild and the company of the
wolves they love so much. With any luck, the shapechangers
will exterminate these beasts and save us the effort.
*Malkavians— When one sees a mad dog, one puts it down
lest itattack and worry one's leg. The same policy should be
followed here.
Nosferatu — They crawl from the plague pits to infect
our prey with fever and foulness. Seal the graves, and seal
\\ \ them inside.
*Ravnos — The tramps are amusing while working
their jests upon others, not so amusing when oneself is
the target. Better to avoid them entirely.

* Toreador — Any court worthy of its name has one
\ \ Toreador. Of course, any court worthy of its name

also has a dwarf and an idiot jester, so one more
amusing freak means nothing.
©Tremere — The wizards are ambitious,
~, and this is worrisome. We should have
Y shown Tremere and his simpering prog-
eny the beauty of the sunrise years ago.
©Tzimisce — They have won for our
kind the name of "monster." Is it not
enough to rule without laying waste to
one's dominion?
Ventrue — Petty little princes and
self-ennobled lords, the Ventrue are pale
imitations of majesty. Let them have the
thrones; we rule from the shadows.
*Baali — The depth of their depravity
lies not in their foul rites, but in the fact
that they wish to summon demonic mas-
ters for themselves. What sane Cainite
works toward slavery?


Vampires are not easily frightened. They have already con- Appearance: Malkavians could be anyone, anywhere. For
quered death, and the weaknesses of their mortal selves are long _every tattered village idiot clutching at imaginary butterflies,
gone. But the Cainites of Clan Malkavian worry even the boldest _ there isa normal-seeming person whose insanity visibly manifests
Brujah or most jaded Tzimisce, for wherever they walk, the only at the most dangerous times.
stale stench of madness follows. Haven: Many Malkavians tend toward abandoned
To the medieval mind, insanity is one or partially destroyed buildings. Often their
of the most frightening things imaginable. havens are decorated in some unsettling
Most consider madness to be some sort of fashion, or with some obsessive object re-
curse from God (or mark of the Devil), rather lating to their lunacy (a sculpture made of
than an illness. In the case of the Malkavians, teeth, ora room of immaculate cleanliness, for
Cainite lore hints that they might be right. example). |
In the old days, or so some of the mad Background: The Madmen tend to
ones claim, Malkav was one of the favored Embrace those who are close to death, the
childer of Caine. Caine sought wisdom in the hopelessly insane or the unusually enlight-
dark corners of the world, and his progeny ened. Typically, they choose neonates who
mimicked him. But it was neither Saulot, nor would be somehow "bettered" by induction
Brujah, nor even Cappadocius who eventually into Clan Malkavian, or who show useful and
found the secrets that Caine sought. Malkav progressive insight.
brought wisdom to his sire, and Caine blessed the Character Creation: Malkavians can have any
childe and his line with the liberating gift of insanity. concept whatsoever. Their Natures and Demeanors
Clan Malkavian seems to be the most incoher- rarely coincide. Mental Attributes tend to be primary,
ent bloodline of vampires. Gently deluded souls and as do Talents. Background Traits vary widely and
slavering psychotics are found in equal numbers, depend more on the individual's concept than clan
and they are but a taste of the diversity tradition. Obviously, Malkavians could zeal-
characterizing Malkav's get. If not for the ously follow any Road.
common traitofinsanity, they wouldscarcely Clan Disciplines: Auspex, |
seem a clan at all. But the other clans have Dementation, Obfuscate
no choice but to acknowledge them. Weaknesses: All Malkavians are in-
Malkavian oracles have been part of sane and begin: play with at least one
vampiric courts for generations, and even Detutigemsne of thie player's choice: This
the Lasombra and Ventrue, if they seek Derangement cannot be permanently over-
information, will sup with the Malkavians come, no matter how much Willpower is
— with a long spoon. spent. Malkav's blood prevents his progeny
To this day, the Malkavians wander in from ever achieving sanity.
and out of Cainite society. They play the Orgutrations The Malkevians have the
fools, the jesters, the seers and idiots, ever most variable organization of any clan. Much
uncovering strange new secrets buried in their of their intraclan structure is regional, and small
madness. They play bizarre, often disturbing and groups of Malkavians often gather in parodies of
sometimes dangerous pranks on ally and enemy local governments and institutions, They sean
alike. They embrace causes with all their souls, or driarchic, but can cooperane with ‘eetla preclalon
flit amongallegiances like drunken moths. Intheend, chey belleveiicnecesazy:
no other vampire can predict just how a Malkavian will Qvictes Har You demnand ordbyxpace Inenanchgn Vox
changes environment It's there, milord. Inthe cracks, milord. But can you look on it
Sobriquet: Madmen without tearing out your eyes?

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES


STEREOTYPES
* Assamites— Live by the sword, trip and fall on your sword, die by the sword.
#Brujah— Well, they have their perfection of body and they have their perfection
of mind, there's no denying. Temperate and mild, every last one of them.
*Cappadocians —There's a reason that cadavers don't speak, my friends.
J And trust me, you don't want to know what they're keeping from you.
Followers of Set — I have but one thing to say: Set was madder than
Malkav. I swear it on my sire's bones.
*Gangrel — Look on these fools that dance on the Lupines'
hunting grounds. Then call us mad.
*Lasombra — Half puppeteer and half puppet, the Lasombra
certainly keep the children entertained.
*Nosferatu — Poor devils. Ah, but they and we have the virtue
\ of honesty to keep us warm. We are all made in God's image.
*Ravnos — Ah, the prattling jackdaws who think if you laugh
hard enough, the abyss tiptoes away. Ho ho.
* Toreador —Teh. It is truly thankless work, defending a chunk
of stone or splotch of dye against the
@ centuries. Butthey are wrongwhen
4% they claim that nobody und
stands them. We do. They're mad.
* Tremere — God's wounds! These
ducklingscertainly livened up the
A Great Cainite Hierarchy, now
didn't they? Oh, I think every
town square should have one of
these, just to keep us all guessing.
*Tzimisce — The dear little ones, you
can see how they envy the Nosferatu in ev-
erything they do. Well, if they believe
disfigurement leads to enlightenment, I have al-
ways been happy to volunteer my help. They have
too many limbs, anyway...
¢Ventrue — The glass throne is most
comfortable when the king believeshe sits
on stone.
*Baali — Tcha! They want to see a pattern
ineverything, eventheirevil.
If they really knew what
= rules them, their minds

~ would break. Hmmm...

wa
ZA

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


NOosFERATU

Caine's childer are called "the Damned," and none embody
this more than do the wretched Nosferatu. Nosferatu bear an
ancient and terrible curse, for they are no longer made in God's
image; the vampiric transformation warps their forms, rendering
them abominations in the eyes of men and angels. Outcast from
mortal and vampire society alike, these misshapen horrors haunt
the catacombs, wastes and other hidden places of the Dark
Medieval world.

In the nights of antiquity, Nosferatu rarely frater- =
nized with mortals, but stalked the fringes of human [BO
society as monsters. Other vampires, dismayed by the
Nosferatu's depredations on their herds, drove the

the intrinsic revulsion theirappearance inspired, made
Nosferatu convenient scapegoats for all manner of dark
deeds, real and imagined. This evil (and largely unde-
served) reputation forced Nosferatu to remain ever
moving, always hidden, never daring to rest for fear

of extermination.

Nosferatu often avoid destruction
by trafficking in information. Their
dependency on stealth, rapport with (
beastsandconstantneed totravel from "
fiefdom to fiefdom provide them
with access to data unavailable to
their less venturesome brethren.

Even citybound Nosferatu find

that their choices of abodes and

victims make them privy to all man-

ner of information and gossip

inaccessible to the loftier clans.

Nosferatu have learned that the most

refined Ventrue prince will often hold his gorge, cover

his nose and give up a beggar or two in exchange for
information about his Lasombra rival in the next duchy. (And
should bargaining prove futile, Nosferatu are not above a little
blackmail...)

Since the coming of Christianity, many Nosferatu have
modified their behavior. Seeing themselves as cursed by God but
capable of redemption through Christ (or whomever), Nosferatu
stoically endure their penance on Earth in an attempt to avoid
Hell. Because Nosferatu must lurk among the lowest strata of
mortal society, they find much opportunity to do good works from
the shadows. Nosferatu are particularly attracted to the penitent
movement; superhuman toughness and vampiric healing enable
a Nosferatu to endure weeks of self-flagellation.

Sobriquet: Lepers

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Appearance: Each Nosferatu is unique, and each is more
loathsome than the last. Nosferatu deformities are as innumerable
as they are grotesque. Some wear the visages of rotting corpses,
including missing noses and earlobes; others appear as tusked
demons or feral rodents; still others sport bloated and distended
features, like drowned sailors. Many lose their hair and sprout
lumps and warts like a toad, or grow clumps of bristly spines in the
manner of a hedgehog. Some are covered in pustulant sores and
bursting boils; others wear a greasy, wrinkled hide; and some true

horrors lack skin entirely, resembling flayed swine at market.

f. A miasmal stench surrounds most Nosferatu, and plagues

J) of flies and locusts often follow these vampires. On all
Nosferatu the taint of uncleanliness hangs heavily. In an
effort to hide theirshame (and avoid witch-hunters), most

Nosferatu shroud themselves in sackcloth swathings.
Haven: Nosferatu haunt abandoned, pestilent sites,
preferring ruins, fens, darksome forests or, ideally, plague-
infested zones. In cities, they tend to inhabit ancient
catacombs, leprosaries, dungeons, ethnic ghettos and
tenements outside the city walls. The huge cesspits
common to medieval towns provide ample, if
foul, shelter from the daytime sun (and
even the most zealous witch-hunter is
unlikely to go digging through amoun-
tain of dung in search of a sleeping
vampire).
Background: Nosferatu take their
ZY victims from society's pariahs: idiots and
}) freaks, lepers, hermits, vagabonds, crimi-
(nals, defrocked priests and the like. Nosferatu
{#1} on the Road of Heaven often punish the pride-
ful, hypocrites and other sinners by inducting
them into the clan. Jews are favored because they are
often intelligent and practical, but lack societal protec-
tion against vampiricabductors. Occasionally an outraged
Nosferatu chooses a beautiful victim to make monstrous, but this
practice is currently uncommon.

Character Creation: Nosferatu often have beggar or outsider
concepts. Physical Attributes and Talents are usually primary, as
Nosferatu must be quick, clever and hardy to survive their innu-
merable privations. Nosferatu rarely have any Allies, Contacts,
Retainers or other Backgrounds linking them to the mortal world
—though the rare mortal who befriends Leper hasa friend for life
(and her children's lives, and their children's...). The Road of
Heaven is most common among Nosferatu, followed closely by the
Road of the Beast. Many Nosferatu spun the Road of Humanity,
considering either themselves unworthy of humanity or humanity


unworthy of them. Only a few Nosferatu follow the Devil's Road,
but those who do are terrors indeed, reveling in their hideousness
and playing to the hilt their role of frightful monster.

Clan Disciplines: Animalism, Obfuscate, Potence

Weaknesses: All Nosferatuare monstrously deformed. Their
Appearance Trait is automatically rated zero and cannot be
improved. All Social rolls involving Appearance (including most
first impressions) automatically fail.

Organization: Nosferatu society is informally but nonethe-
less tightly organized. They are perhaps the most internally
cohesive clan; millennia of shared deformity, abuse and privation
have forged strong bonds among Nosferatu. Elders are revered,
but are expected to treat the
young fairly. Nosferatu
treat each other with
careful respect and
elaborate courtesy, and
freely trade informa-
tionamong themselves. \y
This makes the clan ex-
tremely well informed; important
Nosferatu can accurately forecast
events from Hibernia to Kiev.

Quote: Oh, woe, my prince, that
one so lowly as I hath offended thee! 4X
Flog me into torpor! Stake me and \
leave me for the sun! Lop off my
head! Just...don't send me
back to the fief of the Lasombra
Contessa Isabel... What? She
is your enemy, milord? Why
yes, I did escape her impreg-
nable fortress...through the
secret tunnel, of course. What
secrettunnel, yousay? Well, milord,
perhaps we should discourse in your
private chambers...

STEREOTYPES
*Assamites — They are savage, bloodthirsty infidels, but
they adhere to their codes far more steadfastly than do most
so-called "Christians."
*Brujah — For all their egalitarian prattle, few embrace us
as equals. They will burn in Hell like the rest of us.
*Cappadocians — They delve into mysteries best left buried.
One night they will open one tomb too many — and we know
all too well what will crawl up to greet them...
Followers of Set — These bastards would hiss a different
tune if they had to cloak themselves in the shroud of their
iniquity, as do we.
*Gangrel — Grant these nomads respect, and do not
dispute their passage — save when they seek to
establish themselves in our hunting grounds. Then
battle is inevitable; strike first and swiftly.
#Lasombra— Are we to love those whose great-
est vexation is not being able to see themselves?
Still, they are useful; hide your hate, exploit their
{ paranoia and provide them with the secrets they
crave. The right — or properly chosen wrong
— word in a Magister's ear can ensure your
safety for decades.

*Malkavians — I like them better than
most of the others. Oh, make no mis-
take, they're demon-ridden villains, but
they make no especial attempt to single
us out for their caprices.

*Ravnos — They laugh in the face of

God's anger. Iam sure that Satan has many

pretty tricks awaiting them in Hell.
* Toreador — Fools! to have been given eter-
nity, merely to squander it questing for
something as transitory as beauty.

* Tremere — Grant them neither forgiveness
nor forgetfulness. Remember our friend Saulot
and his childer, for they alone treated us with

compassion. Confront the Usurpers not, for they
are strong, but haunt their shadows and carry
whispers of their sins to the ends of the earth.
*Tzimisce — Have they learned nothing
from our state, that they would degrade all
of God's works in like manner? Heaven's
hammer will surely smite these devils.
*Ventrue — They demand our fealty with-
out offering their guardianship in return. We
crawl into their courts wailing for succor and yet
they tum us away into the cold and darkness. One
night a doom will rise to envelop these false nobles, and
we shall laugh safely amid the darkness into which they
exiled us.
*Baali—Foulest of foul creatures, they gleefully revel in their
damnation. We should help them along to Hell so they can
continue their dancing in the eternal flames.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


RAVNOS

Tramps and thieves, the Ravnos are scattered throughout
Europe like chaff on the wind. Every country hosts a few, but
where they can be found varies from night to night and whim to
whim. Many travel with bands of roving tinkers or other undesir-
ables. It is rare for more than one or two to be found in the same
place at the same time, for they are solitary Cainites and prefer
audiences and marks to company.

Alll Ravnos are nomadic, as much out of
necessity as taste. There is nowhere in the @&
realms of civilized Cainites where Ravnos are
welcomed, and even should one try to settle,
she would be harried forth as soon as she was
discovered. The Ravnos' reputation for trick-
ery and theft precedes them everywhere they
go, and even those clan members who did
not initially have a taste for larceny find
themselves forced into it very quickly by cir-
cumstance and expectation.

There is a reason the Ravnos have a repu-
tation for chicanery — it's because so
many of them are so very good at it.
Reynard the Fox, withall of his mythi-
cal cleverness, could find himself
talked out of his fur and fangs were he to
deal with a Ravnos, and most Cainites
and humans don't do nearly so
wellas that. Ravnoslive by their
wits, and they are constantly
testing and sharpening those
wits against all comers. Shell
games, convoluted thefts,
storytelling for coin, the selling of
"holy relics" and a dozen other arts for
separating fools from their possessions are
all Ravnos calling cards. Most Ravnos will
express professional admiration foranynon-
Ravnos who attempts to make a living in
their field — and then rob the interloper blind.

There is nothing a Ravnos values so highly as his free-
dom. Wise Cainites do not seek to keep Ravnos from a place
of their choosing, only to hurry them from that place once they
have arrived. Once word travels that a certain location is barred
to Ravnos, they will appear by the dozens to test the ban until
it shatters. They then take their vengeance by descending upon
the newly opened city in force and stripping it, by hook or by
crook, of anything that strikes their fancy. About the only way in
which an infestation of Ravnos is preferable toa military conquest
is that the Ravnos sometimes leave more of the town standing.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

ENS 2

The one thing that Ravnos prize more highly than a good
trick (and a Ravnos who manages an exceptional theft will be
regarded highly indeed by his clan members) is their honor.
However, it is Ravnos honor, and defined differently than most
Cainite honoris. A Ravnos never breaks her word — provided she
has spit into her palmand shaken hands on it. Otherwise, the oath,
no matter how fearsome, simply does not count and can be broken
with impunity. A Ravnos will go to the ends of the earth
to avenge an insult to her "good name," but it is up to
each Ravnos to decide what constitutes an insult

Finally, a Ravnos will not cheat or steal from a fellow
Ravnos ot one whom she considers to be a friend ot
"brother." The rest of the world, however, is fair game.

Sobriquet: Charlatans

Appearance: Ravnos enjoy dressing in gaily colored
rags and tatters, showing their tatterdemalion status off
with pride. Some who have wandered far from home
show the distinctive features of the Far East. Most tend
to be of outsider or mongrel mortal stock.

Haven: Very few Ravnoshave any sort
of fixed haven. Many have wagons or carts
whichserve the purpose, but a good many
find shelter from night to night.
Background: Wanderlustand

a gift for trickery are all that's re-
quired for Embrace into Clan Ravnos.
Certain mortal bloodlines (such as those
that will someday be called |

Rom or Gypsies) are
preferred, butrunaways
and buskers of all ethnicities have
found their way into the clan.

Character Creation: Most Ravnos

come from tinker, thief or drifter types,
though highwaymen and musicians are
also logical choices for induction. Jester is the
most common Nature among Ravnos, and So-
cial Attributes are primary. Most Ravnos
concentrate on Talents and have Contacts as
the irmost common Background. They tend to fol-
low the clan's Road of Paradox.

Clan Disciplines: Animalism, Chimerstry, Fortitude

Weaknesses: Each Ravnos has a flair for one particular
flavor of deception, such as lying, theft, gambling or cheating.
This specialty must be chosen at the time of character creation,
and the character must indulge it whenever possible. A Will-
power roll (difficulty 6) is required to resist the temptation to
indulge at each opportunity.

= a

Organization: The structure of Clan Ravnos is best summed
upbyanancient Arab proverb: "Me against my brother, my brother STEREOTYPES
and I against my uncle, my uncle and I against the stranger."

: *Assamites — Their game has ended, and instead of
Quote: Call me a vagabond, and I'll smile. Call me a thief, and finding a new one, they've decided to kill everyone instead.
Pillaugh. Call me a liar, and I'll feed you your liver. Charming people, really.

Brujah — Another example of the perils of living in the
past. Do they even taste the present, or are they ghosts with
flesh?
*Cappadocians — Dusty and dry the scholars are, and easy
to fool. But the best part is the way they rage when they
tealize they've been tricked...
‘Followers of Set — They can keep their hoary mysteries of
Egypt, thank you very much, and all their other
tainted gifts. You can fool a Snake, but you risk
getting bitten.
*Gangrel — Some of them are our cousins, and it
is sad to see what they have come to. Aid them if you
can, but let none know; we stand asa sign of what they've
lost, and they hate us for it.
*Lasombra — So noble they make my teeth grind, so stuffy
they squeak when they walk. Their arm is long, but their grasp
is weak, and they own much that is worth liberating.
*Malkavians — Hey, a better show than we put on! Watch
the madmen and marvel, then count your limbs after the
show to make certain they're all still there.
*Nosferatu— They all seem to be so depressed that they're
upand about that you want to put astake in them just to put
them out of their misery. But when you try, do they thank
you? Noooooooo...
Toreador — Useful guides to what is worth stealing, and
useful places to sell what has been stolen, and that is what
the Toreador are good for.
¢Tremere — Evil wizards casting dastardly spells, hey? Few
have yet learned how to keep a hand on their purses while
waggling their fingers about.
¢Tzimisce —Great will be the fame of any Ravnos who gets
the better of a Tzimisce and survives. Many have the first
part down; few have learned the secret of the second.
Ventrue — Even more boring than the Lasombra, if that is
possible. It's so easy, it's almost no fun involving them in our
little japes. Babies are less gullible — but not as tasty.
Baali—A little Chimerstry correctly applied and you can
have a Baali following you around for years, convinced
you've brought his favorite demon lord to earth. The poor
idiots...

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


From their beginning, the Toreador have always been devotees
of beauty in all its forms. Beauty means so much to them, for they
devote the entirety of their vampiric senses to it, immersing them-
selves in the aesthetic. They consider themselves the preservers and
guardians of the exquisite, the bearers of the flame of inspiration. Of
all the clans, the Toreador are the ones who most appreciate the
accomplishments of the human race.

Throughout their history, the Toreador have always associated
with mortal artists and creators. Many elders recall the splendors of
the Golden Age — but they also remember the Roman Empire,
when the Toreador fell into decadence
and excess. Many of the Artisans fell
in the sack of Rome, and now the
Toreador seek temperance, the bet-
tertopreserve what they love most.

Currently, the Torea-
dor of Western Europe are

the Church and the art-
work it inspires. They
oversee the building of cathe-
drals with great joy, and many
undergo something akin to re-
ligious rapture when presented
with exceptional craftsmanship
or beauty. They particularly en-
joy artwork that inspires those who
look on it.
Unfortunately, they still re-
tain their love for pleasure and
luxury; it is an easy thing for a To-
reador to succumb to sophisticated
temptation. Their attraction to various
forms of vice (those that can still stir the
undead breast) is legendary. Their desire
tofind truth and meaning in the beautiful
has led many a careless Toreador into ruin of
some form or another. In addition, their disdain for
Cainite politicking or causes has not endeared them to the other
clans, who usually consider the Toreador apathetic and useless.
The Artisans know this, but care little for others' opinions. They
have all the proof they need that their vision is worth following.
Sobriquet: Artisans

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Appearance: The Toreador often Embrace the very beauti-
ful in order to preserve them for eternity. They are common in
Spain, Italy and France, and frequently choose neonates from
these regions. Toreador are rarely slovenly or unkempt, even
those associated with somber monastic lifestyles.

Haven: They typically live either in the best portions of large
cities ornear monasteries and the like: wherever art and fine crafts
are produced. Few Toreador live the life of a hermit.

Background: Toreador select only those with much to
offer for initiation into their clan. Many members were
artists, musicians or teachers of great ability. They are the
clan most likely to Embrace mor-

tals on impulse.
Character Creation: Many
Toreador have religious or enter-
tainerconcepts. Their Natures
are often passionate and in-
spired, while their Demeanors
can be of any sort. Social At
tributes are usually primary, as are
Skills. Their Backgrounds often in-
clude Resources, Herd and
fr, Retainers. Toreador prefer the
RAJ Road of Humanity to all others.

EN
Clan Disciplines: Auspex,
Celerity, Presence
Weaknesses: The Toreador
sensitivity to the beautiful is also
their greatest flaw. They may be
4) overcome with a thing or person's
beauty, standing in fascination for
hours. Only a successful Willpower roll
will break the reverie quickly; otherwise,
CAS, the Toreador is helpless for minutes or
V5) even hours. Even sunrises can captivate
them, and the Toreador are the Cainites
most likely to fall in love with mortals.
Organization: Toreador maintain informal com-
munications with one another, occasionally gathering to
exchange news. They rarely unite as a clan to pursue a common
goal, preferring their individual pursuits.

Quote: We have etemity stretched out before us, while the
mortals have but an eyeblink. How can we be so selfish as to spend our
time fighting and despoiling? The eventual salvation of us all lies in the
secrets of creative genius — you have but to look for it.


STEREOTYPES

* Assamites — They are the defenders of an enlightened culture with much to offer. Itisone
of the world's tragedies that they hate all other clans with such ferocity.
Brujah — In their rage, they destroy exactly that which they would find worth
preserving. If only they knew how to use their strength...
z Cappadocians — The past has much to offer, but itisa death of the soul to ignore

ever wary of these clever serpents.

ay )\ the present.
\ Followers of Set — These basilisks offer poisoned gifts with honeyed promises. Be
{| *Gangrel — There are many wonders in the wild places, but the Animals have

A\. souls were lost to them along with their reflections.
is »~) it SMalkavisng I woader at the design thac granted them such wisdom
\N j but consumed their minds. I weep for them, because that is all that may
Tbe done for the Malkavians.
Nosferatu — Ai! These things are all that is foul in the vampiric
being. They may see much, but I cannot bear to hear their stories.
Tt is too much to ask of me.
#Ravnos—These lying robberssteal without knowledge of the
\ value of their gains. Nothing will ever be able to sate their
greed, and so the hollow Ravnos dance on, until they
devour themselves from spite.

\ é
\ — sacrificed too much to look on them.
*Lasombra — How can they be so lettered and so ignorant at once? Their
run .

Tremere — They sought immortality for all the
wrong reasons, and now all Cainites are cursed with
their presence. Alas for Saulot and his kin, for surely
they were the most enlightened of our fellow clans.
Tzimisce — There is nothing the Tzimisce or their
chosen do that deserves to survive into the next
century. With luck, they and the Usurpers will exter-
minate one another, and their kine will be free to
explore what it is to be alive.
Ventrue — Royal blood does not nobility make,
and that is something that the Ventrue must under-
stand. Forgive me if do not stand at attention until
they do.
Baali — Truly they must abhor themselves, for
why else would anyone take their path? Be wary of
\\ these ones, for they seek company in their dam-
nation.


Those of this clan are called "usurpers" for no small reason.
They were once a cabal of mortal mages, but their leader,
Tremere, became obsessed with the search for immortality, the
better to provide him time enough to perfect his art for eternity.
Their efforts proved fruitful; although it took the deaths of a
Tzimisce elder and two of their own apprentices, the cabal
achieved vampirism.

Not satisfied with this, the Tremere took steps to establish
themselves as a full clan. They tracked down Saulot, the enig-
matic founder of Clan Salubri, and slew him in torpor; Tremere
himself drank the Antediluvian's vite.

Ofcourse, the new clan immediately came under siege. The
Tzimisce thirst for revenge, for the Tremere killed members
of their clan and even seized part of the Fiends'
ancestral lands. The Gangrel find the Tremere
an obscenity, especially because the
Usurpers have captured Gangrel
foruse in their foul experiments.

Then, of course, there are the
Cainites who had befriended
the Salubri and even now work
to protect the surviving mem-
bers from the Tremere.

For now, the Tremere live a
precarious existence. Their mor-
tal magic was all but destroyed
by the Embrace, the salvaged
remnants forming their unique
Discipline of Thaumaturgy.

They have recently managed to

create a servitor breed of vampire,

the Gargoyles, which are the only

things keeping them from the claws

of the Tzimisce and Gangrel. The

outrage over Saulot's diablerization

continues to plague them. The clan is

badly in need of allies; while a few individuals have proved
themselves worthy companions, the clan as a whole is despised and
distrusted.

Sobriquet: Usurpers

Appearance: This clan is almost entirely male, but more
women are beginning to emerge. They tend to wear dark colors,
and the more traditional prefer long robes with concealing hoods
and full cloaks. They recruit from across Europe, and may be of
many ethnicities.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Haven: The Tremere maintain several "chantries" in and
around many of Europe's major cities, their locations known only
tothe Tremere who reside there. Those who choose tolive outside
the chantries maintain a number of residences as boltholes and to
throw off potential pursuit.

Background: The Tremere normally look for students of the
occult, people with intense curiosity about the world, and intel-
lects and scholars of all varieties. Their current state of siege has
forced them temporarily to Embrace for survival. Among the
more recent shifts in choice: men-at-arms, officers with tactical
knowledge, and diplomats to assist the Tremere in making their
first overtures toward the other clans.

Character Creation: Most Tremere come from
occult concepts and tend to have primary Men-
tal Attributes and Knowledges. The odd
man-at-arms neonate is equally likely
to have primary Physical or Mental At-
tributes. Their Natures and Demeanors
often reflect power, a conservative
outlook and loyalty. Tremere
Backgrounds often include Men-
tor or Resources. The Tremere,
infants by clan standards, often
follow the Road of Humanity, al-
though certain evil occultists have

chosen the Devil's Road.
Clan Disciplines: Auspex,

Dominate, Thaumaturgy
Weaknesses: All Tremere
neonates are made to drink at
least twice from the blood of the
seven elders when they are Embraced.
This means that all are at least two
steps to becoming Thrall to the entire
clan. In addition, fledgling Tremere
are watched very carefully by their superiors

and must be wary of (even unknowingly) betraying their clan.

Organization: Tremere are tightly organized and very hierar-
chical, following the ideals of the old Hermetic house they once were.
Younger members are expected to obey their elders without question.

Quote: Our road is clear, and stretches toward nothing less than
ultimate control over ourselves and our fellows. But we cannot reach
the end alone. As a clan, and only as a clan, may we triumph.


STEREOTYPES
* Assamites — Even the most sagacious wizard may fall with a knife in his back; never
give these barbarians the opportunity.

#Brujah — Philosophers and berserkers without the wits to see that their new day has
already set into eternal night.

*Cappadocians — We have the most in common with them; pethaps we could
learn much from each other.
*Followers of Set — True, we need allies, but I hold grave misgivings about their
kind of help.

*Gangrel — Savages worthy of nothing, not even a swift death.

#Lasombra — Sirong and disciplined. Their support could be vital, but likely as

untrustworthy as the shadows they command.

#Malkavian—These creaturesare undoubtedly possessed. Their
gibberings are of no consequence to us.

*Nosferatu — Disgusting! And to think that they have
survived so long. I cannot even countenance allowing one
within a league of me.
¢Ravnos— Tramps and thieves. Death changes nothing.
Toreador — Faugh! They have not the spine to side
with their fellows against us, and that is the only virtue
I can find in the Toreador.
*Tzimisce — Do not ask, do not think — kill them
without delay or mercy.
*Ventrue — Their attempts at martyrdom are laugh-
able. Respect them only when they have earned it.
Baali — Give the Devil his due for their tenacity in
spite of such hatred. Perhaps they are a sign of things
to come for us.


From time immemorial the Tzimisce have haunted Europe
beyond the Elbe. Along the Oder and Danube, through the Pripet
Marshes, amid the Carpathian crags stalk the Fiends, each claim-
ing its lair and wreaking a terrible vengeance on intruders.
Millennia of defending their holdings from all sides have made
Tzimisce extremely vicious, and Tzimisce cruelty is infamous
evenamong vampires. (Travelers' legends of cynocephali, vrykolas
and other monsters can often be traced to some wretch disfigured
by an annoyed Tzimisce.)

Of all clans, the Tzimisce is perhaps the least
human. Tzimisce are scholarly, even brilliant be-
ings, but their studies (and their Vicissitude
Discipline) have led them to the unequivocal
conclusion that vampires are superior to
humans and Tzimisce are superior to
other vampires. The "best" (by eo)
Tzimisce standards) humans are to be
elevated; the rest are fodder. Unlike
many vampires, Tzimisce do not
see themselves as damned or ac-
cursed. If God has damned them,
they say, then perhaps ic i
new and better gods...

TZIMISCE

jockey for the Tzimisce's dwindling holdings. Fearful voivodes
increasingly send their young to fight and die in their names, and
the Blood Oath-bound progeny dutifully go, though for the first
time ever they have begun to grumble at their servitude...
Sobriquet: Fiends
Appearance: Few Tzimisce appear normal; most are either
angelically beautiful or freakishly weird. Many Tzimisce,
particularly those skilled in Vicissitude, change their
shape nightly. Some displaced Tzimisce, enraged by
their subjects' "betrayal," ravage their former herds
as hideous monsters. Most Tzimisce dress in noble
finery, though some prefer tattered shrouds or
nothing whatsoever.
Haven: Tzimisce voivodes maintain
ancestral castles, where they live amid
decaying splendor with their broods.
Woe toany who trespass ona Tzimisce's
fief! The rare visitor (mortal, vampire
or othetwise) who is invited onto
Tzimisce grounds is feted like a prince
— but should take care to display

During the years immedi-
ately following Rome's fall, the
clan made vassals/slaves of vari-
ous Eastern European
hereditary chieftains,
thereby creating "ghoul
families" with noble lineage
and inbred supernatural
powers. These families pro-
vided the Tzimisce with great
temporal power, and there-
after the inhabitants of the
East have groaned under the
yoke of their Tzimisce masters.
For centuries Tzimisce dominance in the East
remained unchallenged, and the clan itself was argu-
ably the most powerful in Europe.

But recent times have proved troubling for the Fiends. A
skirmish with the sorcerous Tremere (who gained immortality
using stolen Tzimisce vitae) quickly blossomed into a full-scale
war. At first the Tzimisce's raw power and terror tactics gave them
the upper hand, but the Usurpers' superior organization and
magical might have recently turned the tide. Moreover, the
Fiends' distress has been balm to the hearts of rival clans. Under
the cover of mortal invasions, other vampires have begun to

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

extreme courtesy in return.
‘Tzimisce cherish their havens, but rarely

bother with upkeep (many Tzimisce keeps
are the spitting image of the classic

crumbling Transylvanian castle).
Background: Tzimisce are most
oftenchosen from the clan's "pet" noble
families, and no few are ghouls priorto
the Embrace. Occasionally a particu-
larly brilliant or learned outsider is
broughtinto the clan, andavoivode
often takes whoever strikes his
fancy (as a "bride" or the like).
Particularly in the Baltics, many
still worship (or are worshipped

as) the pagan Slavic gods.
Character Creation: Most Tzimisce are of East-
ern European origin and tend to have noble or scholarly
concepts. As the war with the Tremere rages, more and more
Tzimisce are chosen for their martial prowess (or sheer brutal-
ity). Mental Attributes are often primary. Many Tzimisce have
Retainers in the form of monstrous, Vicissitude-sculpted ghoul
servitors. Herd and Influence are also common Backgrounds.
Tzimisce follow a variety of Roads, though the Road of the Beast
is most common, and few openly profess allegiance to the Road of
Humanity. Some Tzimisce, particularly the pagan ones, follow

obscure Roads combining aspects of Devil, Beast and Blood.


Clan Disciplines: Animalism, Auspex, Vicissitude
Weaknesses: Tzimisce are very territorial and tied to the
lands they knew in life. When Tzimisce sleeps, she must surround
herself with at least two handfuls of earth froma land important to
her as a mortal (the land of her birth, the soil of her demesne, the
earth of her grave, etc.). Failure to do this halves the Tzimisce's
Dice Pools every 24 hours until all actions use only one die; this
penalty is negated by eight hours' rest amid the special soil.
Organization: Tzimisce are very hierarchical but very insu-
larcreatures. The clan is subdivided into smaller units comprising
one landholding vampire sire (voivode) and a host of progeny,
many of whom have been required to submit toa Blood Oath with
the sire. Progeny are expected to obey their voivode in all things.
Relationships among voivodes are governed by a complex protocol
and fractious at best; strife among these elders is the main reason
why the clan has been unable to best the
Tremere. Of late, as more and more
voivodes have fallen, Tzimisce progeny
have been forced to travel into exile
in the West.
Quote: Good evening, trav-
eler. I bid you welcome to the
demesne of my voivode, Count
Vladimir Rustovitch, whose
fiefdom you crossed into at the
ford.a league back. You are in ff
luck — we have ample
accommodations and
a surfeit of choice
entertainments
awaiting you at
our castle.

STEREOTYPES

*Assamites — We have little truck with these paynims.
They divert the Ventrue and Lasombra in Asia Minor, and
that is meet by me.
*Brujah — Oh, a thousand pardons — a city where I can
coexist harmoniously with the mortals? This is to be my
earthly paradise? This is the Brujah dream? Hmmph — |
thought I was a blood-drinking nocturnal marauder, but I
am obviously mistaken.
*Cappadocians — They are interesting and enlightened,
but they seek only mastery of mortality, while we seek to
master the immortal state.
*Followers of Set— They are worms; we are dragons. They
had best slither into their holes when we pass.
*Gangrel — Their understanding of the Beast is second
only to our own; accordingly, they make useful hunting
hounds against the bedamned Tremere.
¢Lasombra — So much effort and so many nights wasted in
endless chess games pitting this pawn against that. Politics is
simple: tell your lessers what to do, impale those who dare
disobey, and get on with business of real import.
¢Malkavians — Their lunacy, while debilitating, can be
inspirational. Craft a goblet from a Malkavian's skull and
drink its blood from the vessel. The residual humors in the
brain pan permeate the vitae, providing profoundly revela-
tory visions.

*Nosferatu — They are stoic, if uncouth, and they
understand the power in terror. Admire them from
afar and make examples of any who dare to defile our
demesnes with their noxious presence.

¢Ravnos — Thieving trash. We will extract a thou-
sand screams in return for every trinket they steal
from us.
Toreador — Mawkish, domesticated little vam-
pires. They wish us to admire their arts, but oh, how
they balk at ours! Keep them as pets until their verse
begins to bore; then have them tossed in the vozhd pit.
Tremere — We will tear their stolen gift from their
flayed innards, skewer them on the Carpathian peaks
they defiled, feed the Danube vodyanoi with their
bilious humors, and leave the rest for the carrion
birds. Then we will truly begin to teach them the
meaning of pain.
*Ventrue — Teuton vipers who smile cordially as
they strike at our heels. Rip out their dissembling
tongues and muzzle their fangs thereby.
*Baali — Wasted effort. Why do we need to
conjure up that which is already incarnate on
earth? Of course, if they absolutely must have
hideousness and grotesquerie, we would be
happy to accommodate them.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


VENTRUE

Striding from battlefield to battlefield and throne room to
throne room, the Ventrue are the knights and kings of the Cainite
chessboard. Theirs are the conquests, the wars and the Crusades;
they rule from the manor houses and the throne rooms. Many
were conquerors in life and have yet to shake the habit in death,
while others achieved success as merchants or moneylenders. All
triumphed, however, and as a reward were taken into Clan
Ventrue. There are no failures among the Ventrue, only successes
and the fondly remembered dead.

Tradition is very important to the Ventrue, and they place
great store in both etiquette and age. The longer a
Ventrue has been a Cainite, the more respect she will
garner from the younger members of her clan. Indeed,
many elder Ventrue enjoy "apprenticing" newer
members of the clan for a
decade or so, to pass on
their wisdom and so they
can vicariously enjoy
their protégés' successes.

Mortal status does
not count for much

Appearance: Immaculately dressed, the Ventrue prefer garb
appropriate to their station in life. Ventrue several centuries old
will take every opportunity to wear the weeds of their days among
the living. Meetings of Ventrue tend to resemble a masque of
historical costuming.

Haven: Castles and fortresses, generally those controlled by
their mortal descendants, are where many Ventrue slumber the
day away. They are never found far from civilization.

Background: Ventrue are often Embraced from the ranks of
the nobility. Those who are not tend to be successful military

leaders, though there is a sizeable minority of moneylenders
and merchants, and more than afew Knights Templarhave
joined the clan as well. The most tradition-obsessed clan
members attempt to keep the clan notion literal,

and will only Embrace their descendants.
Character Creation:
Ventrue tend tohave noble
or military concepts. Men-
tal Attributes are usually
primary, as are Knowledge

Abilities. Most Ventruchave

among the Ventrue,

and even those titles

and lands carried

over into death

don't bear as much
weightasasingle city

taken postmortem. Many

of the successes the clan
garners are the result of
individual action or

the team building ef-

forts of charismatic
individuals; if a matter

is brought to the attention

of the clan as a whole, it is
likely to be bogged down irre-
trievably in matters of precedence and credit.

However, when the Ventrue do act, they do so swiftly,
effectively and decisively. A Ventrue with an ambition is a
terrible thing to behold, for she will not stop until it is achieved,
and woe betide any who obstruct her. Ventrue are not above
allying with members of other clans, as it is their own kind they
have the most trouble working with.

Sobriquet: Patricians

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES

Influence and Resourcesas
Backgrounds; there are
very few poor Ventrue.

Clan Disciplines:
Dominate, Fortitude,
Presence

Weaknesses: All

Ventruehave aspeciiclimi-

tationon theirfeeding

drink the vitae of one
particular type of prey
(priests, non-Christians, vit-
gins, Englishmen, etc.), chosen
at the time of character creation.
Ventrue will not feed in a method that
violates their prey exclusion, even if starving, wounded or deranged.
Organization: There exists a court of Ventrue, with an ever-
changing king and queen. While propriety is observed during the
clan's frequent gatherings, more attention is paid to garnering
status within the clan than is paid to accomplishing anything,
even in the enlightened self-interest of the clan. If a good idea is
brought up at a Ventrue gathering, it will almost certainly be
stymied by a half-dozen other Ventrue who refuse to see anything

that doesn't have their name attached to it succeed.
Quote: Your wishes may matter on your lands, Baron. This night

you stand on mine, and here my word is law.


STEREOTYPES

*Assamites — They'd not be half so frightful on the field of
battle, instead of striking from the shadows and vanish-

ing.

Brujah — One would think they'd forget Carthage
after a millennium, but it would seem not to be the

case. They have an admirable talent for carrying

grudges, and not much else.

Cappadocians — Some of what they're research-

ing may well have application; the rest seems to be

pointless. Frankly, most of them are simply boring.

*Followers of Set — The next Crusade should be to

the waters of the Nile, so we can wipe these vipers

from the earth. Never mind the Saracens — these

are the true infidels.

*Gangrel— Bestial at best, perhaps they

might some night be tamed and used

for sport. Like hounds, perhaps, or

falcons.

*Lasombra— The lot of them is aboutas noble as a knife between
the shoulder blades. Treachery and condescension make such a
charming combination.

*Malkavians — From the mouths of madmen come revelations.
Mind you Ezekiel and Amos, and then watch the Malkavians
closely.

Nosferatu— It's quite astounding that so many of these wear the
faces of demons yet fall prey to their own religious manias. The
sane ones, on the other hand, are impressively talented.

*Ravnos— The antithesis of all we stand for, the Ravnos ought to

be banished from the continent and sent to practice their tricks on

each other in the Antipodes.

Toreador — Value their opinions on art and architecture, but not

on anything else.

Tremere — One must admire their ambition and ingenuity in

seizing for themselves the mantle of Caine. Alas, there's precious

little else to admire about them.

Tzimisce — Obviously, in the lands of the East nobility means

something a trifle different than it does in the West. Treat them

as you would a slow-burning fire: with respect and distance.
©Baali — Why does anyone hesitate when confronted

> with the chance toannihilate one of these
. cringing diabolists?


THE Ways OF
THE CLANS

The clans themselves often lack organization. Europe is a big
place in which to keep a clan united, and travel and communica-
tions prove difficult for the Cainites. Consequently,
communication between clan leaders and their underlings is a
slow process; it might take a year or more for a messenger to reach
London from Constantinople, for example. This means that clans
are rather loose-knit groups, and the most important decisions are
usually made on the spot by the petty princes and local elders.

Older vampires have difficulty controlling their clan members

as a group. They tend to reinforce their hierarchies with the Blood

Oath, and draw on as many mortal resourcesas they cantohelpkeep
order. Some elders seek to control only a small ¢foup of the younger
Cainites of their clan, concentrating theif efforts on a small geo?
graphical area (a country like France, for example) or on a specific
group of Cainites. Clans can therefore become factionalized, as
different groups of members rally around different elders.

Most Cainites organize themselves around theie fiefs, whicly
may be baronies, manors or entire city-states. Many keep havens
out in the surrounding villages, and some actually reside within
city or castle walls. In this petiod, it is easy for vampires keep
track of one another, since people generally know theirneighbors
well. The complexities of mortal politics sometimes cause diffi-
culties for the clans, as clan members become embroiled in theit
petty feuds. Europe is racked by war in the Middle Ages, and
Cainites of any one clan often find their mortal alliés fighting'on
different sides of these various strugeles /

Finally the clans are spread across/a large land tisunited
continent. The Cainitesabsorband adopt local cultural variations,
and poor communications prevent homogeneous traditionsamong
theclans. Clan practices, assumptions, even beliefs can vary widely

from one area to another, afd archaic customs still persist in rurak,

backwaters. The following information details more about the
clans as groups, and what they do in py name of clan unity.

AssAMITE:

The Assamites trace their ancestry bac ut 4) Pepe to
Western ears), a noble warrior foully Embraced. by Khayyin,
father of all vampires. They claim that Hagim was Khayyif''s first
childe, created even before those three of the Second Genera-
tion. Assamite lore tells that Haqim bade all those of his line to
slay the other descendants of Khayyin, drinking their blood and
thereby coming closer to their ancestor and even Heaven itself.

For time unrecorded, the Assamites have inhabited Alamut,
the Eagle's Nest, a powerful, secret fortress somewhere in the
mountains of the East. This fortress is inviolate; any infidel
vampires found even remotely close to Alamut are quickly killed
and diablerized. Assamites value their privacy beyond almost
everything; the exception is the safety of the clan.

The spread of Islam has affected the Assamites, to be sure. One
group of devotees, following a priest named Ismail, has settled in the
mountains around Alamut. The Children of Haqim have befriended

St

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

this group and assist them against their enemies. Currently, the
Assamites train the Ismailis in the arts of guile and slaying — the
most promising have already earned the name hashashiyyin. If
another Crusade comes, the East shall be ready for it.

The Assamites are likely the most strictly hierarchical clan,
with the possible exception of the Tremere. They have incorpo-
rated many Islamic teachings into their personal code,
strengthening the clan overall. Their greatest obstacle at this
point is the animosity the Western clans bear for them, but iti
nothing the Assamites had not expected.

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

The Assamites completely dominate large stretches of moun-
tain land in the East, controlling their estates through impenetrable
castles Commanded by loyal ghouls. Their control of these areas
is absolute. No Cainite may enter the lands uninvited, and all of
the regions' mortals bow to them. They have leverage over
monarchs as far afield as Cyprus, Jerusalem and Cairo, but as they
are feared they are also hated. The Assamites have no friends, just

(U reluctant enemies.

They\have little influence among Western Cainites, and

equally little desire for such. Their interactions with other clans

are brief and businesslike: en
ORGANIZATION ‘ A

The Assamites brodk ho insubordination among their ranks.
Fortunately, rebellious or malcontent clan members are as rare as
blue rubies. Their hierarchy begins with the fida'i, the appren-
tices. Afrerseven yearsofservice, worthy fida'imay advance tofll
clan membership as-rafiq. Rafiq are i and assassins,

serving the clan as best they may.

Above the rafig sit the sibsila, the clan elders. They instruct
rafiq and fida'i in Assamite spirituality and judge when an appren-
tice is ready to become rafig. One is appointed to the great honor
6f silsila only by the Master and the du'at. The du'at are the three

" rdost senior clan members aside {rym the Master. They act as
advisors on their respective fields of interest: the caliph oversees

ow military operations; the vizier maintains the library and learning
of the clan; and the amr watches over all things magical for the
og ee ee including research into the Disciplines.

The Assamite hierarchy peaks with the Master of Alamut,
also known as thé Old Man of the Mountain. His word is law,
second ofily to the teachings of Hagim. Any clan member may
challenge the Master for his position, but the Master chooses the
terms of the duel (physical, political or magical). Only the

strongest and wisest Children of Haqim may rise to this post, and
failures are ritually diablerized.

CurRENT PRACTICES

The Assamites recruit neonates purely from their subjects,
selecting the most zealous, pious and physically impressive. Females
appear only aselders, and outsidersare never Embraced. The Assamites
do not tolerate infidels in their ranks. They are currently on a
moderately aggressive recruiting drive. Their indoctrination process
coerces neonates to serve the clan from a mix of loyalty, love, faith,
fear and even brainwashing,


The clan follows the dictates of the Blood Road, actively
pursuing Cainite blood in an attempt to raise themselves clos
Heaven. Asa result, Assamites will offer their murderous services
in exchange for vampiric vitae. They practice diablerie without
hesitation, scorning the Westerners' edicts. The/only line no
Assamite will cross is betraying the clan — they never accept
assassination contracts against each other and do not practice
diablerie on other Assamites. The goals of the Blood Road have
deep spiritual meaning for the Assamites, and take precedence
over most individual concerns.

PRESENT CONCERNS

The Assamites feel the need to protect their mortal holdings
from attack. They believe that another Crusade will come soon,
particularly as the Ventrue become more and more infuriated with
Assamite activity in Europe. The clan cannot decide how much
effort to take from their ultimate goal — the Blood Road-— and
spend on neutralizing the Crusade before it happens.

Recently, emissaries from the Followers of Set have arrived
in their lands, offering assistance and special goods in exchang
for unspecified favors. The Assamite elders have not yet decided
what to make of these proposals, or of the Setites themselves.

Some hope that Hagim himself will awake from torpor to
reunite the clan, but only a few of the elders know where he lies
— if indeed he still survives.

BRusaH -

The Brujah havea dream, Itis a dreamof one day rebuilding
Carthage, of creating a place where Cainites and kine live
together in peace and prosperity. The details vary from one
Brujah to another; some sef it asa place where Cainites control
docile mortals, while others say that the two groups will be
equals. Some say that the Cainites will be free to hunt ar whim,
while others claim that they will feed only from animals and
willing mortals. In truth, most.Brujah aren't too sure what
Carthage was like. They jultg have a hazy picture of a(city where
there was less poverty, mise corruption and pain than in the
cities of the 12th century. And if this Eden did once exist, it can
exist again. There might be — and shéuld be — ‘a saciety

without exploitation and greed, where opulent nobles ee
gorge themselves while paupers starve outside, ss

Each Brujah has her own image of Carthage and a better
world. It is this hope that they might somehow bring serenity to
the world that allows them to cope with their monstrous exist-
ences, and the history of the Brujah has largely beer the history
of this dream,

Now the Brujah strive to.teestablish cities, to reintroduce
leaning and art, and to quell the petty feuds that rear Europe
apart. Regrettably, they have no common idea how the workd
might be improved. Some support certain rulers in the hopes that
under their enlightened tyrannies a néw world order might be
established. A strong rule, or so they say, will encourage learning,
bring peace and foster the towns and trade.

But for every Brujah that joins the rulers, another stands
against them. These Cainites argue that the mortal rulers are
selfish and greedy, pointing to the strictness of the emerging

feudal system, the poverty of the serfs, the harshness of local
"justice." Thy allow that there must be government, but they
refuse toaccépt that any ofthese tyrants are it to rule. Andso they
stir up the peasants, start riots and rebellions, support barons
against kings, knights against barons, anyone and everyone against
their cruel superiors.

Now aschisin splits the Brujah, and their fellow clans laugh
at the Zealots' efforts to better the world around them. As more
obstacles spring up in their path, the Brujah grow increasingly
frustrared, and no Cainite wants to be around when the berserkers

_snap,..%

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE
The Brujah's greatest social strength lies with their affinity
for mortals. The average Brujah can more readily empathize with
a lowly peasant or soldier than might a Gangrel or Ventrue.
Although the clan's influence doesn't sweep across Europe, char-
ismatié-Brujah can readily influence local affairs, inspiring a
loyalty they consider more valuable than that of any Lasombra
dupe or Assamite thrall, because it is voluntarily given. Spain is
theirchiefarea of influence, and they are a jagged thorn in the side
of the Spanish Lasombra nobility.
The Brujah garner respect from other Cainites not for their
sion, buefor their fighting ability. The Zealots are akin to bears,
some say, fighting on when any sane being would flee or drop.
Once a Brujah makes a personal enemy (not an overly difficult
task), she will doggedly destroy everything that enemy is trying to
accomplish: (If the enemy shares a common goal with the Brujah,
then the Brajah will simply try to kill him.) The clan's scholarly
background also means that the Brujah have no small number of
thinkers and tacticians in their ranks. As clans go, the Brujah
control HtyJé, but arefvaluable alfies in almost any conflict.
ORGANIZATION
The Brujah ate' looself organized. Most pursue their indi-
vidual dreams, either alone or in small packs. Their strong sense
of clan loyalty ensures good communication, though, and it does
Kot take long for one member to rally his brothers and sisters
dgainst/a common threat. Many countries house small Brujah
councils/ which settle on their communal direction. The clan
Seldery"act as a sort of republic, occasionally meeting to rule on
-sdme dlan affair or another. Many of these take their childer's
desires under consideration, the Brujah remember the democra-
cies of the past and still carry a fondness for such practices.

Current Practices
 Brujah, as ever, wander among the mortals, attempting
to inspire certain enlightened individuals into clever ways of
betting their community's lot. Some take this a step further and
seek ut their fellow' Cainites. Although these "missionaries"
sully rend to mect with failure (sometimes even derision), they
remain convinced that nobody can achieve true harmony until
members of different clans can cooperate toward a greater purpose.
The. Brujah also experiment with social structures. Any
upheaval in ‘@ Zovernient tends to attract Zealots like carrion
birds, as they gather to look over the situation and perhaps learn
secrets to a more just society.


T CONCERNS
The Brujah currently find their dreams of reestablishing a
new Carthage blocked by their rival clans. They are most enraged
by the Lasombra, whose pointless power-games frustrate their own

plans; and the Tremere, who exterminated the serene Salubri.

Some Brujah are concerned about the Crusades, and the
possibility of another one beginning. They believe that another
Crusade will simply stir up the Assamites, who will in tum. kill
whatever Cainites strike their fancy, reducing vathpire society to
total strife. Some anticipate this impending chads as an opportu:
nity; others dread it as dooming any likelihood of trastamongelans.

CAPPADOCIANS \)\ =

Clan Cappadocian is seldom seen acting as a ¢lah proper,
The members rarely socialize among themselves and have tia
particular love for dealing with other clans. Mostother clans see
the Graverobbers as a morbid, unhealthy collectidn of vampires
who drink from the dead and parlay with the'pirits of the
unshriven. The Cappadocians are too busy pursuing their forbid-
den knowledge to correct this opinion.

They are secretive in the extreme, but do not disdain the
company of fellow scholars. If a Cainite of another clan offers to
share wisdom with them, they can make gracious hosts: Of course;
they are one of the most single-minded clans, and the hospitality

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES.

of their somber feasts can wear rather thin if one does not havea
constiming interest in death. There are of course exceptions to
this solemnity, but clan gatherings are never lively or whimsical.

Some Cappadocians worry that the clan's narrow vision will
cause trouble at some point, and strive to Embrace neonates with a
strong serise of life and practicality. These neonates often find the
clan structure stifling, and set off on their own, to continue what-
ever journey thé Embrace interrupted. They are rarely missed. After
all, their sires reason, they have eternity to reach a proper view of
death and whatever lies beyond. The prodigals will return someday,
they chuckle dryfy, and the clan will be richer for their experiences.

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

The havens of Cappadocians are secure and hidden, often
defended with-peculiar ghouls and the occasional animated
corpser-They feel'no\need for any sort of military strength, and
keep to themselves. Most of their pull in Cainite society stems
from their reservoits of lore, no matter how ancient. It is com-
monly held that a thing once known to any clan is known to the
Cappadocians today, so longs it was written down. Few consider
it worth the trouble to slay a Graverobber, particularly as all their
memorized: knowledge would be lost.

ORGANIZATION

Cappadocia hierarchy hinges on knowledge. The more
ancient lore a Graverobber has at his fingertips, the higher his
rank among his*peers. This is rarely brought into play, however.


Although individuals often meet to share learning, the only large
clan gatherings take place on the winter solstice, in a forgotten
temple high in the mountains of Turkey. At these meetings, the
elders make any policy changes they deem appropriate, and all
those who did not attend the solstice rite are expected to learn the
changes quickly and abide by them.

CurRENT PRACTICES

All Cappadocian neonates undergo an initiation rite at the
time of their Embrace. The exact details vary from sire to sire, but
usually involve burying the initiate alive for an extended period
oftime, asa sortof "dark night of the soul" where the initiate stares,
into the face of mortality. Those who emerge with their minds
broken are deemed unfit and are mercifully extinguished.

Interestingly, the Cappadocians are also involved in ad-
vancing the medical sciences. They often conduct autopsies and
observe the more talented physicks at work, the better to under-
stand how and why the cycle of life ends. To this end, they have
brought a number of hetbalists and barbers under their wing,
observing both the healers' successes and failures. {

PRESENT CONCERNS

The rise of the Tremere has led to soma rifts int
Cappadocian. Some believe that the Usurpers' suécess wii
magical Discipline, Thaumaturgy, represents anew breakthfot
invampiric learning. Others highly disapprove of the e aioe
tion of Saulot, who was Considered one of the most enlightened,

Cainites. In typically scattered manner, the clan r vy agree

—

on what to do about the Tremere.

The recent Embrace of a cabal of Venetian necromancers is
advancing the clan's knowledge of death, but the neonates have yet

toshare any great discoveries. They have made some progrestoward
developing a new Discipline, one that will enable contact with the
dead. However, many clan traditionalists disapprove of the upstarts
and claim no good will come oftheir unusually agg@sive shethods

FOLLOWERS OF SET ,

The Followers of Set are a scattered clan. They do: not
congregrate in large groups, yet their fingers brustt all of Europe/ \
even beyond to Africaand the East. And forall the} ea
are a threat to any careless Cainite. 1 7

The Setites' clan loyalty mirrors that of the Assamites and
Brujah, but is different in form. They stand by one another for»
religious reasons; each Follower of Set knows herself.to be a
disciple of the God of Darkness, lord among the Antcdiluvians.
The clan is a.cult, with all the ritual and fanaticism one would
expect, and yetis also much more. Because the Setites follow a
mythic figure rather than a visible charismatic leader, they can
teach farther than a mere-cul

For all their influence, no other clan trusts the Followers of
Set, an attitude the Serpents repay in full. They regard all other
clans as hopelessly lost, not even worthy of the title "heretic."
They hold the Baali bloodline in particular contempt, consider-
ingthem weak relicsadhering toa miserable philosophy. However,
they refuse to go to war with any other lines, preferring instead to
snare gently whom they can. The reptilian ones are patient and
willing to wait out the centuries between now and the eventual

return of Set. On that day, they promise, their foes will be cast into
the underworld forever, and even the hated sun will be blotted
from the sky. It is no less than Set's will.

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

The Followers of Set rule those mortals who have fallen to
vice and temptation. Avaricious merchants, lusty false monks,
fallen Templars and desperate vassals — all can be found as a
Setite's pawns. Thusly, the clan has a surprising amount of mortal
influence. Their innate sense of corruption also permits them to
prey on Cainite weaknesses, and more than one local elder has
ended up Thrall toa Serpent.

The clan has lite military strength, however. Setites draw their
power from subtle means, and the average Follower of Set would
likely lose to the average Brujah, Gangrel or Assamite in personal
combat:They prefer to let powerful ghouls do theirfighting for them,
often knights or strong laborers under Blood Oath to their masters.

ORGANIZATION

Setites actually rend to prefer the company of their worship-
ful disbiples to that of their vampiric peers. They will gather in
small groups or temples from time to time, but hold no real love
forone another. Still, the Followers of Set trust one another and
"only one another — they avoid situations where they would have
to rely on another clan.

Setites on the Road of Typhomphold all higher positions in
the clan — no other philosophy is permitted to gain a foothold.
‘These dark priests encourage and abet their underlings, fostering
many.small cults across Europe. Clan leaders gather every so
often, on the night preceding any total solar eclipse. These
meetings take place at the Grand Temple of Set, currently located
...sontewhere below Alexandria. It is here that the Setites devise
theit plans of Gorruption and conquest.

CurrENT PRACTICES

Setites try to addict mortals and vampires alike to whatever
\pleasures they gan. They fully endorse blackmail, extortion, bribery,
prostitution and murder, and particularly enjoy catching "holy men"
in their coils. They are currently encouraging the burgeoning prac-
tee of small criminal organizations, although the results have been
varied. In every major European city, there is likely to be at least one
Setite. In addition, some Followers of Set have been provoking
Obvious acts,of cruelty to agitate mortals against vampires. They
hope to start a wave of witch-hunting that will sweep away their
tivals, leaving the Setites the undisputed lords of the night.

PRESENT CONCERNS oy

Some Setite cults have been exposed to mortal attention,
and the religious backlash in Christian Europe has proved unset-
thing. Whispersof debased witches are now traveling the continent,
and several hunters have set after the Serpents. Although physi-
cally stronger than human trackers, the Setites are concerned that
other Cainites might follow on their heels.

The Followers considered the Crusades an excellent opportu-
nity and are attempting to begin another. To date, they seem to be
meeting with some success. They are also considering ending their
rivalry with the Baali once and for all, and are pursuing friendly
relations with the Assamites to this end.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLHNS


GANGREL

The Gangrel are individualists, wandering where they will,
and as such have fewer hoary traditions and cobwebby protocols
than other clans do. Still, what customs they do follow are deeply
revered, as eternal and inviolate as the changing of the seasons or
the migrations of birds and beasts.

Otherclans have leamed the hard way not tocurtail Gangrel's
freedom or hinder their travels; even the most territorial Tzimisce
generally lets a Gangrel pass so long as some acknowledgment of
domain is granted. For their part, Gangrel are indifferent to the
doings of other vampires, save when those vampires attempt to
use Gangrel as pawns in their schemes. A Gangrel tricked into a
course of action becomes as savags nded leopard and will
do anything to extract revengfon the a iver. This could be the
reason that Gangrel so dislike the Rayabs....

Some Gangrel establish «ose fent territories, but even

wilde

these prefer to stay deep in t ss, where Europe's few

remaining mystic sites are. byes ad
g i ‘nowt

toadstool mR
tdrritories inti

hintetactton difficule\)

Fis saidghar in the north roatnbabls of
lel by bloodthitsty Gangrel:Ogcasionilly storigas
who "protect" an isdlased fags' Com r
altruistically, more-< exchange Tot ibe
retribution awaiting those who do not pay up. Mainly, however,
Gangrel impact humanity only as predators. Indeed, Gangrel see
the power-games of the other clans as silly. Why manipulate a
duke or mayor into enacting political change when you can just
eviscerate the fool and end his meddling then and there?

Gangrel are strongest in those areas isolated from human habi-
tation: the Black Forest, the Scandinavian peninsula, the Scottish
Highlands and similar places. Here Gangrel often assume a sinister
demeanor, becoming night-fiends and bogeymen in a desperate
attempt to stop mortal incursion into the wilds.

Other vampires tread lightly around Gangrel, and for good
reason: the Animals are as cunning and savage in combat as the
beasts they emulate. Gangrel are equally adept ata full-tilt charge and
asudden strike from the undergrowth. Elder Gangrel are particularly
deadly, for they can shapeshift into wolf and bat forms to harry prey,
vanish ina wisp of smoke and resume the battle at their convenience.
Gangrel also commonly make pacts with faeries, magical beasts and
other wilderness denizens, and can call on these allies in extremis.


ORGANIZATION

Gangrel doas they will and brook no elders or princes telling
them what to do. Still, Gangrel have a modicum of honor, and
those Gangrel who prove themselves oathbreakers or scarelings
are often culled from the clan.

Status among the Gangrel is loose and based
number and quality of tales told concerning a gi
deeds. A Gangrel renowpad f@P protecting a mystidsked, daying 2
lake-wyrm or navigatit ickless owl be adcorded a wider
space at the talefiré than will an anonymous newcomer.

PRESENT CONCERNS
Unlikeothervampires, who benefit from civilization'sspread,

the Gangrel suffer ftom it. As the wilderlands shrink and city walls
enclose more 8 the Gapgrel find their hunting grourids dwin-
dling and thétt8lve: nt tertitorial confl&tewith the
Lapines, The acethat thet s refuse to heed the Gangrel's
entreaties for an alliance'frustrates the Animals @ven more. More
and more Gangrel flee Eyrope for ghe Sibegjan wilds or the sub-
Saharan expanses; those y fifichthemselves increasingly
testial, lashing out toc eae like caged rats.

‘Tremere greatly distiths
ers toutinely leech the land's
s physically sickens the nat

In Eastern Europe, the rise o}
the Gangrel; the fact that the Us,
magical essence for their foul sj
loving clan. Gangrel have ev
whom they bear little love) ij
Tremere once and for all.

CurRENT PRACTIC

Gangrel occasionally coyigregate at certain designat

demess sites, there to celébrate the changing of the seasons. At
these gatherings, the normally spoigA niggals throw offalt
ofdecorum— leaping, runnin howlikg undéthe moon'and
stars. The festivals generally culminate in

mushrooms and narcotic berries. Woe to
disturbs such a gathering!

Gangrel also hold more sedate megtings, where stories are
exchanged. The laconic Gangrel can bgcome surprisingly garru-

lous when presented with an augé#fe, and alfymanney
elaborations and embellishmentsafodA@reir way into Nes t
these gatherings. SS,

LASOM \

Wherever kingdoms

fall, whegevera throne can be
controlled from the shd

M theft flit the Lasombra.

he Mygiscers choose the high
avinced that their innat

todo as they phygse in the ae ay

est of social circles to frequi
nobility gives them the rig
personal power.

Lasombra have manipulated rival Phoenician mérchants ¥

and the rival demagogues of ancient Greek city-states. They
battled for control of the ancient courts of Persia and Egypt,
plotted in the labyrinths of Knossos, and fought to control the
wine trade through Marseilles to the northern Celts. As the
Roman Empire grew, the Senate was both battleground and

playground. They have manipulated rival warlords and princes
after the Empire's fall, and have now found pawns for their power-
games all around the Mediterranean. Today, many delight in the
intricate politicking of the emergent Church.
But fyany Lasombra have never dabbled in mortal politics.
ela a savage animal or manipulating the feuds of a
‘offpéasants to be just as challenging and intriguing as the
chgSsboards of kine society. Some.have restricted themselves to
Baining powep within undead society, and others have even
experimented with Infernalism, tried to master the Lupines or had
truck with the Fair Folk. Regrettably, the other denizens of the
Dark Medieval world have proved very resistant to such attempts.

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

The Lasombra are spread around the Mediterranean, particu-
larly enjoying the convoluted politics of the warring Italian cities.
Lasombra princes rule most of the great cities of Italy and Sicily
(Venice, Rome, Pisa, Naples, Palermo), and mostof the clan elders
can be found around this area. Younger members, eager to win
power away from overbearing elders, have moved further afield —
to the growing ports of Spain, to Cyprus and the Holy Land, to

_porthern France and into the Alps toward Germany.

Wherever the Lasombra settle, they quickly accumulate
influence both in local governments and in the Church. They use
fhis-influence, their typidally considerable wealth and hand-
picked Retainers to defend themselves from physical assault. Itis

a rare Lasombra who can be forced into a corner, and even there
hey are dangerous, The weakness in their defenses is their
putation — few Cainites will fygely aid one of the manipulative

isters 8 frithour hefty cocighet

ORGANIZATION

AS "The Lasombra actually have two levels of organization. Their
rst, more obvious hierarchy is patterned after that of the Church.

h member/stenfls completely subservient to her betters. How-
ver, the real stfatification lies with interpersonal influence

Moliticking, and ft is entirely possible for a mere "bishop" to gamer

more respect and obedience than the Lasombra "pontiff." Although
each Lasombra know4 his place in this invisible web, all constantly
schenie to better theik station.

INS bra elders control their juniors through trickery and

hes reats, blackmail, promises and disinformation. Gifted

Heonates sortfetimes gain some converse influence over elders the

sautie"way.(And yet, same jheonates believe that they have
ihfluence; burareactually uddéy the thumb of their "supporter"....)

CarrENT PRACTICES

Many Lasombra traditionswould draw a shudder from out-
sic The Lasombra, in their own "noble" way, are fond of many
Pos Gates ints are a favorite; some hunt game at night,
some hunt eee nee ater Magisters even try to
bring'down Lupines. Some also enjoy "human chess," played on
life-size boards with living pieces. What happens to a piece that
is "taken" depends entirely on the Lasombra's whim.
Even more unsettling (to Cainites) is the Lasombra ap-

proach to diablerie. If a Lasombra can prove, in a court of her
elders, that an elder is incompetent and unfit to rule, then she is

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


granted right to his blood. The defendant need not be present for
such a hearing, or indeed éven aware that his competence is in
question. Ifthe court finds faulewith the aceuiser's points, she may
be dismissed without a word —or the court may send word of her
claim to the' elder in question. It all depends on-how the game
could best, be played... =i
PRESENT CONCERNS \

Tie Lasomibra's power-yameshave maile chem many effgmies.
Their interference at the Pope's court in Rome has come fo the
attention of some mortal churchmen and is stirritig up investiga
tions: Some perceptive witches and magi have been angered by the
Lasombra's attempts to manipulate them. Rumors of their dealings
with demons have caused widespread concern and distrustamongst
the other Cainites = and attracted the attention of the Baali. The
Lasombrazrealso énecuiitering

me mixed Malkavian and Ravnos

attention, which they find quite unsettling.

The Brujah and Ventrue are currently the two clans with the
most malice for the Lasombra, and the Mayisters spend much of
their time fendingoff their plots. Andas the Assamites settle into
the Iberian Peninsula, the Lasombra now have anew threat near

Markavian 4

The history of Clan Malkavian is practically undocumented
by outsiders and preserved only by a strange sort of communal
"clan memory." However, most suspect that the mad Cainites
1 involved in numerous sttange happenings in the last
few thousand years. They seem drawn to heresies and weird
religions, experimentsin social control, daft mysticism andmagic

have be

Had they been manipulators and autocrats, like the Lasombra
or Ventrue, then they would have tried to/control all of the
innovations, which would have been disastrous. The Malkavians
prefer to hang on the edges of mortal groups, absorbing, twisting
and exaggerating the mortals' ideas and theories, or transplanting

them from one culture to another. Sometimes they are credited
with some of the most insane practices of the mortals; sometimes
they claim responsibility for some of the most,incongruous things.
For example, one Matkavian claiins the clan pulled off one ofits
greatest practical jokes twelve hundred years ago —=-a, bit of
gravetobbing in Jerusalem. Of course, this selfsatie Malkavian
claimed friendship with an entire tribe of Lupines, so hehas been
proclaimed even more deranged than most.

Mystery religions, crazed philosophers and other strangeness
aboundedsingthe Roman Empire, and the Malkavians loved the
Empire's décadeht cities. The current age has been less fruitful,
with most mortals too busy trying to survive to break out and try
anything really new, As a clan, they seem to have no overall
agenda or purpose in the Dark Medieval times. Their fellow
Cainites hope that such is the case.

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

Nobody can fathom the concept of Malkavians having
influence. The other clans despise them or despair of ever ma-
nipulating them, and generally leave them be. And this is just
what the Malkavians prefer.


The least coherent can often secretly be the most skilled
manipulators. Many Malkavians are quite ancient, and individu-
ally very powerful. Precisely because they shun politics and
conflict, these elders have grown toaconsiderable age and quietly
accumulated quite the power base. This may seem cold comfort
tothe clan's younger members, but the elders are usually swift ro
aid any younger member who is being persecuted by an outsider.
In times of crisis, the Malkavians of each region inevitably pull
together. The hidden hand is no weaker than that which wears

the iron gauntlet, or so they sa Vv

ORGANIZATION

The clan has no formal organization and no apparent hierar-
chy. Still, the younger members have great respect for their elders
and expect guidance from them if any threat looms.

The clan has adopted several key centers, around|yhich
members often cluster. There are important sites in their‘own.
rights, and most Malkavians accept the need to protect. them.
These meeting grounds include the underground Library "oF
Valentinus in Marseilles (a repository of vast amounts of inspired
prophesy and mad ranting), the "Great and Magnificent Court of
Carthage" (a randomly chosen ruin on the North African coast),
the Church of Saint Herod the Bloody in Palestine, and the Well
of Mirth (a spring that spews forth hallucinogeni¢ waters)-in>
northern Germany. a

Outsiders somerimesssfiect that the Ms fans doh ace
have a secret hierarchy. True, most of Dark Medieval society is
very stratified, and the Malkavians need not be an exception,
Some Malkavidhs encourage this belief, answering to arcane or
surreal titles and ranks. Only the Madmen can say whether these

supposed titles hold any weight withthe 7 =e

CurRENT PRACTICES

Clan Malkavian has vested interest in Europe's Necent growths
The Church, the expanding economy and the growing cities havé

created more scholars and ligoks, mote privileged peoplé with time
on theit hands, more room¥or weird beliefs and popular move-
ments to spread. The clan tends to take advantage of whatever

opportunities it can to encourage "liberal thinking" angt-play,
jokes on whomever it feels lik Z
: a
But the as a whole has no feal lasting traditions, save for

afew exceptions. Once in a great while, many Malkavians from
across the continent suddenly set pee aside and-migke\a
great pilgrimage. The destination varie$each time, but always
seems to have great significance for the lunaties. Once there, a
bizarre scene takesiplace. Sometimes it is a mock court, sometimes™
a pseudo-religious ceremony, sometimes@ brawl. No sane
Cainite knows why they do it, or how they all kn'y where to go.
Inaddition, some Malkavians have recently aden tendency
tomimic important figures of other clans. These impe: ions
can sometimes be confusing, as the Obfuscated duplicate
about giving contradictory orders to the target's underlings.

PRESENT CONCERNS

The Malkavians openly display little concern for anything
in particular, and this disparate clan has no apparent unifying
agenda. As the Malkavians scatter, meddling with religions,

governments, learning and whatever else takes their fancy, other
Cainites take reassurance that the mad ones will never act toward
acommon goal. Or so they hope.

INOSFERATU

Amazingly enough, the horrid Nosferatu have a strong sense
of clan unity. Perhaps this issomewhat unavoidable; after all, who
but a monster can tolerate the company of other monsters? For
whatever reason, Nosferatu readily cooperate with others of their
kind and have a strong sense of esprit de corps — or perhaps just a
mutual hatred for their fairer brethren...

Unlike most clans, which exalt their Antediluvian founders
as mythic heroes and the source of all things good in the vampiric
paradigm, the Nosferatu dread and despise their progenitor.

_Ihdeed, the'Nosferatu go so far as to speak of a mystic pogrom

carried out against them by their torpid founder. The agents of this
pogrom, creatures deemed even more monstrous than the Nosferatu
themselves, have a variety of appellations: Nictuku, Nephilim
and Echidnae, among others.

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

* Obviously Nosfétatu are severely handicapped with regard
to obtaining positions oP influence in the mortal world. Not only
does their deformity fender them incapable of directly command-
ing mortals, biat Nosferatu often find it difficult even to convince
a mortal to remain in theif presenéelong enough to listen to a
proposition of vassalage. :

NeVertheless, there are more Nosferatu, ghouls than one
might imagine. The Dark Medieval world is a harsh place, and
many worthieS, will traffic with the Devil — or a similarly
grotesque proxy + in exchange for an edge in life. Even the subtle
deformity induced'by ingestion of Nosferatu vitae means little if
the added physical vigor enables one to farm additionalicrops or

"ssurvive the year's epidemic.

Nosferatu have, through temperament"nd design, made

ds into the burgeoning Masonic movements, and no few

nie orders have a Nosferatu in the upper echelons. Not only
does Freemasonry's secretive structure allow a Nosferatu to cloak
his deformity more readily (theHidden Master in the Waxen
Mask, ‘ete.), but Masonic movements also allow the Nosferatu
access to new constructions and building techniques. Masons
who, on the orders of their superiors, build.a construction with
some "ocoult" significance may in/fact simply be erecting a
structure to the specifications of the Nosferatu.

Nosferati\ rarely resort to open warfare, but are masters of
ambush; their aptitude for Obfuscate makes them formidable
skirmishers. Theysare adept at using their sheer hideousness to
paralyze\a victim with fright, and at using their superhuman
strength trip apart said:paralyzed victim before he can recover.
Nosferatu also use mghageries of gigantic, grotesque animal

[s as both spies afd support troops.

ORGANIZATION

Nosferatu are often solitary through force of circumstance; a
village of 100 is hard pressed to conceal one monster, let alone a
dozen. Still, given the choice, Nosferatu prefer the company of

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


their own loathsome peers. Larger cities, particularly those boast-
ing ancient catacombs from the days of Rome, may house entire
broods of Nosferatu.

Nosferatu broods are surprisingly egalitarian. Elders are
revered (as examples of the discipline and cunning necessary to
survive centuries of existence as monsters), but are expected to
treat the young fairly. Occasionally rumors surface of a Nosferatu
tyrant, a "monster king" ruling its subterranean brood through
terror and violence, but these rumors are few and far between.

The Nosferatu also display a surprising amount of interbrood
unity. Broods in different baronies, duchies or even countries
readily cooperate. Nosferatu have largely divorced themselves
from the trivial squabbles over status and prestige that mar the
cooperative ventures of the other clans.

PRESENT CONCERNS

The clan is presently concerned with the same thing it
always has been: survival.

Nosferatu strongly support the rise of cities and towns,
particularly those erected on old Roman sites (the accompanying
ruins and catacombs provide excellent hidey-holes). Nosferatu
tend to support the rise of the bourgeoisie, seeing them as more
meritorious and less pretentious than the old feudal dynasties.
Town councilmen have occasionally been able to wring conces-
sions or even independence from their feudal lieges, using illicit
information clandestinely given them by a skulking Nosferatu.

CurrENT PRACTICES

Things actually seem to be looking up for the Nosferatu —
although perhaps this is because the clan has nowhere else to

look. As people congregate into cities and towns, Nosferatu find
more and more places to hide by day and hunt by night. The
phenomenal number of taverns clustered within most settle-
ments means that many Nosferatu attacks are written off as
wine-induced delirium.

Nosferatu often gather on solstices and equinoxes to perform
various elaborate rituals emulating (or mocking) human and
vampire festivals. One such festival, the Dance of the Dead or
Danse Macabre, is performed every 10 years in a secret location;
this location changes every time. As many of the clan ascan safely
travel attend the Danse Macabre, which (in contrast to most
things Nosferatu) is an orgy of pageantry and spectacle. Here,
Nosferatu celebrate their own grotesquerie, and the catacombs
run red with the blood of their human "guests."

RAVNOS

The Ravnos are not present in Europe in significant num-
bers. Their people, the Gypsies, are currently slowly moving west,
spreading across Europe. For now most are found around the cities
of the East, through the Arab lands and northern India and as far
away as China. There are a few groups of Ravnos vampires around
the eastern Mediterranean. They have a prince in the Crusaders'
city of Acre, where dark Cainites (Setites, Assamites, Lasombra,
etal.) often meet to trade goods and information, hatch plots and
strike alliances, and they have a community in the Setite-

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES


controlled port of Alexandria. From here, small bands of scoun-
drels visit Constantinople, Venice and other European ports to
steal or extort from the Cainites or mortals.

Many Cainites resent the offhand way that Ravnos trick, rob
or swindle other clans. The Ravnos believe they have a sacred
duty to keep others from becoming too attached to impermanent
things (possessions, beliefs and really just about everything).
However, they also see the dim view the outsiders take of their
activities. So for now, the Ravnosare a tatterdemalion collection
of wanderers and loners, nothing like the hierarchical clans of
Europe. It is not their place for such stuffiness, the Ravnos
maintain, andso it isthe open road ahd the back alley for them,
from now until the final trump.

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

The Ravnos have very little military strength in Europe. If
threatened with violence, the typical Charlatan will simply laugh
and go away (quickly, if need be). If one needs to do harm to an
enemy, she will try to trick her foe into a deadly feud with another
Cainite (preferably another enemy). If all goes well, the two will
be at each other's throats long enough to let theRavnos go her
own say got, the Ravnos tres to make as efeain a getaway as
possible #

The Raynos are master storytellers and fave as messengers
when few others are able, They bring news from far places, and if
need be are willing to shape the news to theit own advantage. A
clever Ravnos can begin a slander that sounds perfectly true, feed
it wall the reliable sources and watch his enemy's power base
cnmble like old clay. Of course, one mustbe very good to make this
siratagem work, but the Ravnos elders have had quite some tith@eter
perfect their little fabrications.
ORGANIZATION

Ravnos deliberately-shy away from organizatipn, as that
would require entirely too much trust and too litée indepen-
dence. Itis generally acknowledged that the oldest of the clan are
somewhere in the East and have little interest in their childer's
doings. However, there is always a grudging respect between
Ravnos, and they will usually leap td,each other's defense when
an outsider starts making threats. "Only J am allowed to insult my
brother," or so they wouldiay.

CurRENT Practices

Although outsiders see no real method to the Ravnos' ways,
the Charlatans are actually carefully examining Europe. Those
elder Ravnos who walk European lands are scouts after a fashion,
ascertaining the best time for the majority of their clan (and their
mortal people) to return.

\

The nomadic lifestyle is the most important facet of any
Ravnos' unlife; if shackled to one place for too long, they would
likely grow mad as a Malkavian. To some extent, the Ravnos have
pursued friendly relations with the Gangrel, whom they call
cousins, the better to survive the long wild roads. The Gangrel do
not welcome such efforts and hold the deceitful Ravnos in
contempt. This does not deter the Ravnos, whose sense of humor
keeps them good-natured even when confronted with a snarling,
bestial Cainite and his menagerie.

PRESENT CONCERNS

Many locals call the meandering Ravnos plague-bearers and
stormcrows. The outsider is often mistrusted in times of war, and
so the Ravnos steer as clear as they can of the petty battles and
feuds across Europe. They avoid the Tremere war when possible,
but are not averse to striking deals (or cons) with combatants or
suppliers on either side. Those clans concerned with "courtly
decorum" run the Ravnos out of their domains on whatever
grounds they can find.

Ravnos wagons have also been threatened by Lupine attacks
in recent years. As the bloody excesses of many vampires stir up
other supernatural activity, the lonely Charlatans have found the
long roads growing more dangerous.

TOREADOR

When the Roman Empire collapsed six centuries ago, the
Toreador were in dire straits. Many elders slipped into torpor,
hoping toawaken in another time of debauchery and excess. Some
traveled eastward, seeking refuge in Constantinople or settling in
the cities of the East. Those who stayed, however, found strength
in temperance and virtue in restraint. As time passed, they were
able to nurture art once more from their kine.

As some Toreador became increasingly involved with the
Arabs and Moors, others found a beauty in the solemn but
unusually impassioned art and architecture of Western Europe. It
has been a slow process to nurture the fledgling artistic creativity
of the Christians, but as the foundations for the great cathedrals
are set, the Toreador consider their time well spent.

Many clans are surprised by the change that came over the
Toreador. Where once they joined Nero's revelry and Caligula's
perversions, now they keep to sober monasteries and chill stone
castles. Even the clan's sobriquet has changed to reflect their
attitudes; where once they were scorned as "Dionysians," now
they are labeled "Artisans."

And so, while some Toreador make perilous journeys to the
North toseek out worthy skalds, and some wander Byzantine halls
to Eastern music, most stay where they are, quietly encouraging
human achievement. When humanity is ready for a second
Golden Age, the Toreador will teach them of ancient art and
literature. Until then, patience is the Artisans' watchword. Ti
will tell if they can hold to it.

STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE

The Toreador are notan overly influential clan. They abstain
from the dickerings of petty princes and Cainite fishmongers,
preferring to follow their calling. Still, they are one of the most
perceptive of clans. Many elders and princes who dislike trusting
Malkavian or Cappadocian seers will instead keep a Toreador
advisor on hand. Constantinople is one place which has benefited
from a constant Toreador presence.

The Toreador's military strength is not overwhelmingly
impressive. Apart from a few Retainers or Dominated kine, they
have few people to call on to fight for them. Some Toreador are
excellent fighters, but not all. For this reason, some tend to keep
a loose alliance with local Brujah, who also see the need to
preserve learning. However, not that many Toreador are openly

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


attacked. Because they seem harmless, few vampires actually seek
their destruction. Because they seem useless, they are not targets
to be controlled.

ORGANIZATION

The Toreador do not involve themselves heavily in Cainite
politics, and so their organization is reasonably loose. Sires tend
to create childer they can trust, and so most Toreador are
relatively free to pursue their own ends (which often coinciden-
tally match those of theirelders). They gather in Iberia, Alexandria,
Constantinople and even in Rome.

Some Toreador gather ip-grotipy akin to craft guilds, ex-
changing jnformation and insight concerning their particular
field of ititerest. These "guilds" are extremely secretive, full of
ritual and mysticism. Occasionally they adopt a mortal member
into theit fold, but only those they deem worthy of receiving the
secrets of the ages. These lucky few often return, to, theig-yeopk
inspired but troubled by what they have seen, % ey

CurRRENT PRACTICES

The Toreador are currently working hard to preserve the arts
and culture of the lands where they have settled. Most. European
Toreador have worked themselves into Church affairs, realizing that
the majority of modern art and sculpture serves a religious purpose
Some trave] to Eastern lands to bring back cultural advancements,
but this isa tenuous practice, particularly considering the Easterners'
hostility brought on by the Crusades. They tend to arrange benefac-
tors and work for the finer artisans, and encourage creative people to
follow their visions. Some French Toreador oversee the construc
tion of cathedrals; tragically, they will never know the buildings in
their full glory, with sunlight streaming through the stained glass.

PRESENT CONCERNS Sy n\\et
Distasteful though it is, the Toreadotfitd themselves en-

tangled in mortal politics and locked in fierce conflicts with other
clans. They are among the strongest defenders of Constantinople
and its culture, vocally arguing that the Cainites should play an
active role in defending it from the "barbarians" who slowly steal
away its territories. They also disapprove of recent Lasombra
forays into the Church, believing that the Magisters will tum
more and more churchmen away from art and education, empha-
sizing instead control, intolerance and politics.

The clan also respects Moslem art and achievements and
tries to persuade the Brujah and Lasombra to help nurture the
Moslem kingdoms on the Iberian Peninsula. Unfortunately, ru-
mors of Assamite footholds are hindering this pact.

TREMERE

The Tremere only recently appeared among the Cainites. It
was not until 1022 that the first Tremere vampires were created
(or rather, created themselves) through trickery and magic. They
slew a Tzimisce elder and vivisected two apprentice magi whom
they had caused to be Embraced. The experiments eventually
created a potion which allowed the magus Tremere to convert
himself and his seven closest followers into undead.


Once ithad been discovered what their new immortality had
cost them, the new Tremere sought to recreate the powers that
they had known in life. The result was the magical Discipline they
called Thaumaturgy. However, Tremere was not satisfied. He was
well aware that the fledgling vampires were instill in greatdanger,
and he wanted tostrengthen their place in the vampire hierarchy.
After long research and seeking, he learned how the other clans

had gained their permanency — by way of an ancient foundersHe=™

discovered the location of the sleeping Salubri founder, Sauitor,,
and decided that the peaceful vampire would make the best target
for his designs. He tracked Saulot to his resting-place and

among the Council and governs the British Isles. The remaining
members are still establishing their authority and do not contact
their disciples with any frequency. Neonate Tremere under their
authority might not even know the Councilors' names, answering
instead to their chosen lieutenants.
The Council of Seven are in regular magical contact, but all
only meet together each seven years to discuss important
matters. Their next'meeting is scheduled for 1199.

CurRENT PRACTICES

The Tremere are researching as much occult lore as possible,

diabletized him. All accounts say that Saulot died peacefully and,«#as they have always done, the better to survive the current warand

without resistance, although the Tremere were terrified by the
sight of his third eye opening and gazing on'them. 4

The resulting war has continued now for nearly two centu-
ties. The Tzimisce and Gangrel — the strongest clans in Hungary
—have led the barele against the upstarts, but have been unable"
to defeat them. The Tremere have called upon the aid'of the
Order of Hermes, a circle of mortal magicians of which they are
still a part, and have both their sorceries and'thortal armies to
protect them.

Over this period, the power of the Tremere has expanded.
Now around half of the mages 6nce loyal to Tremere have be:
Embraced, a few of them remaining in contact with their fellows ink
the Order of Hermes. Other mages have been Embraced, too, and.
brought into the clan. Perhaps most importantly, the Tremere have
recently created new foot soldiers — the monstrous Gargoyles.

v
STRENGTH AND INFLUENCE AS (

The Tremere's main strongholds are great fortresses in the»
mountains of Transylvania and Hungary, although they have forti

fied chantries (magical "guild houses") throughout Europe: Recently ~

they have achieved a major victory against the older Cainites of
Hungary, slaughtering several noble familiesupon whom the Tzimisce ¢ ¢
depended and thereby cementing their power within the country:

Their old links with the Order of Hermes bolstér their power,
asthey can sometimes embroil these magicians in their plots. They
also retain'several of their mortal contacts and have the resources
toemploy may mortal messengers and spies.

ORGANIZATION

Clan Tremere has the tightest organization of all clans. The
war for survival demands nothing but absolute precision, and
consequently neotiates are often put under the Blood Oath. The
founder now sleeps for years on end and shows little of his old fire.
when he wakes. The leadership of the clan has thus passed to the
deeply divided Council of Seven, the seven mages who were first
transformed into vampires with Tremere hifinself. Recently, the

Council divided the known world between themselves to avoid...

fractious arguments.

The unofficial leader of the Council is Goratrix, the loyal but
scheming man who in life masterminded Tremere's plot to gain
immortality. The Council has recently sent him to oversee the
House's business in western Europe. The defensive, humane Etrius
remains in the clan's stronghold of Ceoris in Hungary, coordinat-
ing the defense of their holdings and attempting to make peace
with the Tzimisce and Gangrel. Meerlinda moderates disputes

earn a place ‘among the other clans. To this end, they attempt
communications with those Cainites which do not appear imme-
diately hostile (which are few). They also pursue the legends of
the Lupines, but not so aggressively.

Some members know a ritual that allowsthem to communicate
with their sire across great distances. This, plus their access to several
mortal messengers, allows the clan to collect information wed coor-
dinate its plans far better than any other clan.

| Finally, the Tremere are encouraging the spread on
fredkish creations, the Gargoyles. These brutish vampires were

developed from Gangrel and Tzimis ony ," but arg now
able to sire their own progeny. V/ CZ}
PRESENT CONCERNS

The bull'of the clan's elders are preoccupied with the battle
against the Tzimisce and Gangrel. These older clans have recently
launched counterattack against the Hungarian Tremere, unleash-
ing neonates, ghouls and mortal pawns in a final bid to curb the
Usurpets' expansions, The violence has not been obvious to the

mortals — just a few assassinations, brigands' raids and nobles' feuds

— but Cainite' casualties have been high. Vampires who had
> previously managed to remain neutral are being forced to choose
sides or else flee from Hungary. However, the Tremere have been
Able to repel the worst of these attacks, particularly with the aid of
the Gargoyles. \,

The Tremere are now making bids to extend their powers
beyond their isolatéd chantries and settle in the towns and cities.
Many younger members have been ordered to make havens or
establish small chantries in western Europe's cities, where their
Tzimisce and Gangrel enemies are weak.

The Tremere are also concerned with their reputation in the
Order of Hermes. The Order has so far been unaware that the
Tremere's leaders have become vampires. As the Seven have sought
toextend their influence, however, they have Embraced an increas-
ing number of mages, and the Order is coming to realize what
creatures lurk within their ranks. The Tremere fear that they must
Soon either split from the Order or make a bid to control it.

TZIMISCE

Clan Tzimisce is a venerable clan, steeped in tradition and
lore. The clan has long clung to its Baltic roosts and until recently
was deemed unconquerable. This, of course, makes the current
nights of upheaval all the more intolerable.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS


\

ae
yx
The Tzimisce have long been among the most knowledge- have riddled most noble Eastern European (and many Byzantine)
able and erudite Cainites. For millennia other vampires have _ families. The clag@fhas also infiltrated the Eastern Orthodox
made the perilous trek to the Carpathians in search of Tzimisce ot nearly to the extent that their Lasombra
wisdom (the fact that many such vampires do not return deters fifidled the Roman Catholic church.
them little). Until the Tremere's rise, the Tzimisce were the
master sorcerers among vampires, practicing a bizarre amalgam of
alchemical rituals, Slavic charms and demon' deed, eru ilies" of childer; these childer are required
dition and sorcerous skill rank second only to'land held why binding them to their sire. Alas, the
uininingagie Feta, —— } ‘Childer are rarely. ach other; centuries of brutal jockey-
Trimisce lore rarely juxtaposes with hiiman concerns, andonly ing for the voivode's @vor, in a grotesque parody of familia
intermittently with vampiric ones. The clan has its own agenda, one iNteraction, remain the Ragm among Tzimisce broods. Occasion
little concerned with the petty doings of others. Whereas other @lly a voivode will ig favored childe some measure of
vampires see themselves as damned, the Tzimiscebelievethemselves >, "Tesponsibility— oyffseeing the ghouls, interacting with the serfs,
masters of their destiny, subservient to neither Guxl nor Devil. Of all — eV a theagcestral castle — buts is uncommon.
the clans, the Tzimisce ges an approach most similar tg. what will .) "ke clan was much more unified§in'yhe elder nights, but
one day be called humanistic thought. ~ Coniplacence anid decadence have set ig. fragmented politi-
Not that the clanis by any means humanistic, humanitarian cal' landscape fhe Balkans bearg/ mutg testimony to the
oreven human. Tzimisce, indeed, affect a cold congempt for she. disharmony reling the clan. Eachfvoivag® advances her own
lesser creatures who provide thetn with food andfodderandeven,  G0als with little cof€ern for the well-hein'af the clan as a whole.
other vampires are at best second-rate beings. Tzimisge'believe _- While such self-censeredness is ubiquitous fo the Cainite race,
that with sufficient mastery of their Vicissitude Discipfiie, they. Tzitisce arrogance and territoriality ensufe that two feuding
can literally sculpt themselves into the image of God ® or into voivodes are less likely'to compromise (or be forced to compro-
an even superior fey. ¥ <-ilse) than, say, two Ventrug elders
"This conitinacfe refivemedtg vicifhhe has refed many, AS more and more Goivades fall to pyerMke or spell, |!
practical rewards. No clan is so skilled in the use and Creation of greasing trumbers of dispossessed childer rofim the world. These
ghouls. Tzimisce, though-frée use of theit,flesh-shaping bent. ang ;hiMerset up squarter demesnes as best theyan or simply wander
fiendishly skilled at warcraft, Though othét vampires may be aig e unknown reaTMeBeyafid th\Danuffe. A few such childer, J
personally formidable in battle, none are so'terrifying. A‘Tzimisce tin ap fire's ort ‘Tremere apoils, have
assault typically takes the form of a nightmarish swarm of twisted Mane
monster-ghouls. Such onslaughts are even more frightening when' PRES}
led by the Tzimiscé'themselved, often in the gigantic, nearly invul-
nerable Zulo Foriii'Moreovet, stories of what the Tzimisce doto their sete! Aamike
foes often lead enemies to flee rather than risk capture, There-9 leeceof chiller att tho sens ge —
reasons why the Balkans have spawned so many tales of terror. alle gions of cbldeg abe eaguls at thelt chante
"The Tatcdisce hat peed their peat lo show eerysoes a \ Be Thea
to theirspecifications, creating legions of terifying minions. Mon" _nten\al atte offly cekod é
strows, shark-mawed Tzimisce hellhounds, some nearly as large as by aed eral en 2 TAace ech dia ake
ponies, prowl the clan's demesnes. Squadrons ‘of formerly human ane: 4 eae hn Bil
ghouls, their very bones and tissues warped into weapons of war, / TUmPIIRS from Sa? caves rig, Gratien are
descend on the villages by night to collect Tzimisce tribute. The~ (<entuties re fae sites
worst ath thevozhd, of war ghouls: eléphantine hoitors Gteated by Sermans taen ite nie
the fusitn oPMidozen chance Ghul Onur te animalyiitores <r moiety on =: This atte
multilimbed composite monster. me wt} thinking
f ¥ ions angered
STRENGTH AND | Yew _. BiRghEFF subjects! * actively
Clan ff zimisceAlespite its current woes, clings tenaciously to __.\hestile stance toward humanity,
the Eastern European homeland it has haunted since its earliest =\CRRENT. PR
nights. Tzimisce maintain strongholds and control puppet? ire :
Hungary, Poland, Bulgaria, Wallachia, Bavaria, Austria, Serbia Pep rat felthoths jTremereibainct coly Redltte
Lithuania, where certain powerful elders still maintain the wor, (St are fle outolFouch With the nécds of elt progeny: ln
ship of the ancient Slavic gods. Here the clan struggles against the Taner spice amonp themiron
Teutonic Knights, who have begun to unearth evideneg of thy is fongregate oes ee a ese ae ce
clan's (and tex servitots') practices: ebratethfancient rites of their lan (Kupa la's Night, the equinoxes,
Teer aRieaIateck weaendl power Eromithare say grand communal festivities (an outside observer might
x . lem massacres). At these fetes, Tzimisce reaffirm their
revenants ghouls with hereditary supernatural powers. Through loyalty to each other in the face of adversity by actually drinking
marriage, intimidation and outright violence, revenant lines
VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES =O? aa
ie


each other's blood. Some Tzimisce whisper that those who have
participated in these blood-drinking festivals for years or decades
actually become less submissive to the will of their voivodes.

VENTRUE

Since the days of the Roman Empire, the Ventrue have lived
hidden within the castles of the great nobles, guiding these magnates
and sharing their luxuries. Even when barbarians swept through
theirlands, few Ventrue had to live among the common folk ordrink

anything but the noblest blood. If one family was destrayed by att

invader, the Ventrue could easily adopt another magnate.

As Europe's economy developed and trade became more
profitable, the Ventrue began to adopt merchant families as well.
And as the Franks apgtthen the Normangbegan to conquer lands

Ventrue often followed the victorious
hern England and Ireland, northern
the Holy Land.

Nowa akos he ing to haunt the Ventrue. Few
neonates have roere he lotig-ago war with the Brujah, or the
city that fell to Roman swords. All they know is that the Brujah
loathe them for some ancient slight and seck to block their every

goal. The Assamites arg'emerging out of the East, and the

sombr
have some trying times ahead of them.

STRENGTH AND Inmarneg |:
|The Ventre are the dot [are France and En
glad andhave influence in many other countries. Their center of
is Paris, and they maintainia firm-grip on the fairs and

matkgts of the surroundingregions/ Many Ventrue have developed
a sentimental attachment to the French noble families. The
University of Parisgthe splendor of the been royal court antl the

inant

the most powerful

local governments, but they
¢ little. It isonly when.a

compete to bring the most attractive, sophisticated or highborn
companions. The Grand Court is currently seated in Paris, where
the venerable fourth-generation prince Alexander presides as
king. The queen is Saviarre, an elder of great beauty who does
most of the actual clan governing. Many lesser princes and elders
send ambassadors to the Grand Court to beg aid, to present fine
gifts or to announce their triumphs.

CurrENT PRACTICES

The Ventrue, strong among both the merchants and noble

—-ePises, cling to the trappings of the nobility upon whom they

have fed for so long. Many maintain sumptuous robes to wear to
their courts, often having a new robe each visit. Ventrue are fond
of all manner of courtly practices, and Ventrue princes have been
known to "knight" particularly loyal subjects, a ceremony that
often involves the Blood Oath. A Ventrue will often be quite
generous when awarding privileges, even je members of other
clans. ¢

In order to display their wealth and influence, older Ventrue
often become patrons to younger clan members, supporting and
encouraging them. They also make ostentatious gifts to one
another and are always ready to offer assistance. This is in part a
matter of pride (demonstrating their superior power and generos-

challenging their authority; all in all, the = [LPs "but also pragmatically reinforces the clan's power.

‘1 CONCERNS@AG) \

The Ventrue continue to ehgage in various power-games,
attempting to gain some measure of control over Cainite society.
They are often stymied in this, particularly by the Lasombra, their
rivals. In, addition, other clans stubbornly resist any form of
Ventrue overseers, especially the Brujah, who have robbed them
of their influence in Sp:

‘However, the Ventrue have mtuch to Idok forward to. Their
influence is growing in France and England, and the recent threat
of the Tremere seems to be galvanizing many clans into a sort of
understanding. With luck, the conflict will forge a new unity in
paris society, and the Ventrue will be the ones to lead the

Cainites into the new century.

CAITIFF

}

a SS There are fewCaitiffin Europe, orindeed anywhets se. The

izertong courtly standards, hoth locallf'and
clanwide. The oldest Ventrue of each region is accepted as that
region's monarch. Monarchs enueetdin visitors and spplicants,
and local Ventrue are expected to heed their proclamations.
Cainites of other clans are accepted into court structure if they
wish to make suitable supplications.

The Grand Court is set above all other courts. Ventrue
gather there for the opportunity to sum up business, strike deals
and make plans for forthcoming years. It is also a place for the
presiding Ventrue to commend orcriticize younger Cainites, who
might thereby win or lose much prestige.

Many Ventrue consider the Grand Court an excellent
opportunity to flaunt wealth and influence; they often attend
with a train of lavishly dressed retainers and ghouls. Others

Blood of Caine still runs strong in his descendants, and the clan
affinities and flaws are still very pronounced. However, princes

~are largely powerless to prevent Cainites from creating neonates.

Consequently, some lineages have thinned to the 13th genera-
tionand beyond. Many of the more careless and prolific sires make
little effort to educate or watch over their creations, and some of
these neonates remain forever ignorant of their clan.

In many instances, elders attempt to bring such neonates
into the fold (they may be useful pawns, after all), but sometimes
lack the power to compel obedience. Many clans simply lack the
inclination to force their Caitiff members to rejoin.

In such cases, where the vampire is allowed to remain apart
from her clan, her childer and their childer may have neither a
sense of belonging nor any direct link to their precursors' clan, and
become truly Caitiff.

CHAPTER THREE: THE CLANS



Book Two: DESCENT

Ons call, somewhere beyond these tired walls. J can move, a little. Ican

lurch across the packed dirt to the barn's mouth, and perhaps farther. But
Tcannot run Jam far too faint and weary for that.

i At a wayside inn, J bad thought to spend a pleasant night with a drink

and a cheap woman J was welcomed there, as I srvaggered in, one bandon

my sword as if Id rather fight than drink A band of strangers not so far

from the fire called me over, laughed with me, kept filling my tankard J gladly

|) left with them dutching the cold band of one of their women

Chey threrv me against the alley wall. Chey took my sivord and snapped
it in ten placea. They laughed as my alcobol-slurred muscles tossed me
unevenly at them, and then they tore the fleab away from my veins. J tried
toscream J should have died, but az the devile drifted back into the shadore,
the bands of one among them lifted me up. J found pity at the whim of a
monster, and God belp me, Jam glad.

Sbe bas bidden me in a leveled barn, miles from torn Jam too weak to
travel — my belpleseneses reflects in ber eyes when she visits. She touches me
as one 1vould touch a simple-minded child, and tells me dark things about
myself. Sometimes she brings me a bare, or a ferv quail Gnough to keep me
alive, though J do not bunger. But God/ (Dy thirst, my thirst...

@Dy blood falls from my eyes, seeps into the dust.



npter Sour:
Chnencter

Rove thyself.
- Inscription at the Delphic Oracle

Ages, you must create a character. Darmpire? the
Dark Ages, however, is notlike make believe you
don't just make up a character as you go along
(though the Storyteller is regularly faced with
that challenge). A certain amount of work is
involved a character concept is born, but a char-
acter proper is built. Guilding a compelling yet
genuine character is a creative strugele.

This hapter describes hove to create a unique
character, beginning with a general concept and
translating this concept into numbers that can
be used in the gqarne. This process is very simple
players can easily figuee it out for themselves.
the Storyteller should have a good grasp of the
process in order to ansvoer the players' ques-
tions accurately.


The numbers on the character sheet may not seem particularly
evocative. It is hard to imagine a novelist describing a character by
saying, "She has a Charisma of 4." However, these ratings make it
simple to describe the strengths and weaknesses of a character.
More importantly, these numbers allow the random factor created
by dice to be employed in relation to the character's Traits. A
strong vampire has a better chance to move a heavy boulder than
a weak vampire does.

Character creation usually follows a pattern from the general
to the specific. First you develop a general concept of who and
what your character is — is she more socially or mentally devel-
oped? Then you select the specific ratings of your Traits — how
effective are your Charisma, Manipulation and Appearance? Do
not use this process to create the "best" possible character; that
defeats the purpose of making up a genuinely interesting indi-
vidual. These numbers are intended to enhance roleplaying, not
to open an avenue to some mythical character Hall of Fame.

Start by deciding what kind of character you want. Are you
going to play a wretched beggar-child or a wealthy and educated
noble? Are youa pagan from the remote valleys of Scotland, ordid
you enter a monastery to become closer to God? The background
and personality of your character are the essential ingredients of
his persona. Once you have formulated your basic concepts, the
details of Attributes and choosing Traits from a variety of lists, you
decide who your character is. You will receive extra points called
"freebies" at the end of the process, and youcan use these toadd dots
to any Trait, so do not agonize over all your choices.

* Most Traits are rated numerically from 1 to 5. This system
is similar to the star system used to rate movies, restaurants and
hotels. One dot in a Trait indicates poor or novice ability in that
Trait. Two dots indicate an average Trait, while a rating of 5
indicates that you are among the best in the world. Traits are
based on an average human range.

* Younced to consider how well your character will interact
with the group. The Dark Medieval world is dangerous enough as
is; a group undergoing internal strife will have a much harder time
surviving. If your character doesn't fit in and disrupts the story as
aresult, almost nobody will enjoy the game. The Storyteller may
ask you to create a new character.

ROLE OF THE STORYTELLER

As the Storyteller, your role is to guide the players through
the character generation process. After your players arrive for the
game session, you need to introduce them to the basic premise of
the game and describe the rules system. Your main goal should be
to make character creation as easy as possible.

Pass out the character sheets and give the players a minute to
look them over and ask questions. Then go through the character
creation process step by step, filling in all the details of the
characters' Traits.

It is sometimes advisable to spend an entire game session
creating characters. This ensures that the players don't feel rushed
and that they take the time to create believable characters, not
paper-thin stooges. In fact, you may encourage your players to
come to the character generation session with fairly developed
character concepts.


Once you are done with the practical details, you can spend
therest of the session running preludes for the characters. A prelude
isa form of abbreviated storytelling in which you tell the story of a
character's mortal life and Embrace. Preludes are the players'
introductions to the chronicle as well as their characters, so make
them memorable. Preludes are described at the end of this chapter.

Sree ONE: CHARACTER CONCEPT

You begin by formulating a basic concept for your character.
This concept need only bea general idea of what your character will
be like, something unique and interesting that will be enjoyable to
play over the long term. For example, to describe your character
concept you could say, "I'm a rural priest who strives to hold onto
his beliefs. | play the game of vampirism in order to survive, but am
constantly looking for some way to avoid damnation."

CoNCEPT

Many Kindred find it difficult to abandon their concepts of
themselves as humans and cling tenaciously to the trappings of
their former lives. Thus the first thing you need to do is to come
upwith an overall concept of who the character was before he was
Embraced: what he did, how he lived and what was unique about
him. This concept may describe his profession, how he saw
himself or what others felt about him.

A character concept such as a gladiator might indicate an
Embrace hundreds of years ago, while others, like aknight or lady-
in-waiting, indicate that the character is a product of the current
era, Regardless of when the character was Embraced, he has spent
only 50 years or less as a vampire. All years of unlife beyond that
are assumed to have been spent in torpor, sleeping the long sleep
of the Damned. The table on (page 102) lists a:few possible

concepts; feel free to invent your own.

THE CLAN

The next step, and arguably the most important element of
character conception, is to choose your character's clan. The clan
describes the essential lineage of the character — you are always
ofthe same clan as your sire. 13 clans are available; there are also
various minor bloodlines, but they do not have as dramatic an
effect on the Dark Medieval world.

Aplayerdoes not necessarily need to choose a clan, forsome
younger vampires are of such diluted blood that the characteris-
tics of any single clan have not been imprinted upon them. These
clinless vampires, known as Caitiff, are very rare outcasts among
the Cainites — accepted by none, scomed by all. If you wish to
play such a character, simply list "Caitiff" as the character's clan.

Nature AND DEMEANOR

At this point you can, if you wish, choose personality
archetypes that fit your conception of both the internal nature
and outward disposition of your character.

Your Nature is the most dominant aspect of your character's
ttue personality, but not necessarily the only archetype that may
apply. The archetype you choose for your character's Nature de-
scribes the character's most deep-rooted feelings and beliefs about
henselfand the world; it also provides the primary way in which she
can regain Willpower into her Willpower pool. Choosing a Nature
helps you describe who your character really is, on the inside.

You should also choose a Demeanor to describe the personal-
ity your character pretends to possess. This is the role she plays to
the world, the fagade she presents. It should probably be different
from the archetype you have already chosen as the character's
Nature, but not necessarily. Whatever you choose is only the
character's typical pose; people can change Demeanoras quickly as
they change mood. You may change your character's Demeanor at
any time, allowing her to adapt to different people and different
situations. Demeanor has no practical effect on the rules.

Roaps

The Cainites of the Dark Ages share different views on morality.
You select a Road (essentially a vampiric philosophy and code of
behavior) based on what you believe your character's morality to be.
Each Road determines the ethics you must hold to or else lose yourself
to the Beast. It also determines which Virtues you begin with.

Bear in mind that your character's Road will influence practi-
cally every aspect of his vampiric existence. Although some Roads
are quite close to common human morality of the time, others hold
rather inhuman values as sacred. Keep your character's clan, Nature
and Demeanor in mind. It is highly doubrful that he would choose
a code of ethics lightly, particularly with so much at stake.

STEP Two:
CuHoostNc ATTRIBUTES

A character's Attributes define his intrinsic makeup. How
fast are his reflexes? How attractive is he? How long does it take
him to understand new ideas?

First, you must prioritize the three categories of Attributes —
Physical, Mental and Social. Choose in which of these categories
your character is good (primary), in which he is average (second-
ary) and in which he is poor (tertiary). Is your character more
physical than social — is he more brawny than gregarious?

© Physical Attributes — The Physical Attributes describe
how strong, nimble and sturdy your character is. They are the
primary Attributes of an action-oriented character, defining the
strengths and weaknesses of the body. Strength measures a
character's lifting power and how much damage she can inflict in
basic hand-to-hand combat. Dexterity rates a vampire's speed and
agility. Stamina measures a character's constitution and resilience.

* Social Attributes — Your character's Social Attributes mea-
sure herability torelate to, motivate and manipulate others. Charisma
indicates personal magnetism and charm. Manipulation measures a
character's ability to talk her way into and out of situations. Appear-
ance describes how the character looks and carries herself.

* Mental Attributes— These Traits represent your character's
thought capacity, including such things as memory, perception,
learning potential and the ability to think quickly. Perception
describes the character's observation skills. Intelligence repre-
sents memory, reasoning and learning potential. Wits measures a
character's reaction time and ability to think on her feet.

Your character concept may help suggest Attribute priori-
ties, even slightly unusual ones. Choose what will best fit the
concept you have in mind. For now, your character should be very
general — paint a broad, sweeping outline instead of concentrat-
ing on little details.

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


All characters start with one dot in each Attribute. Your
priority selection determines how many dots you get to spend in
each category. You may divide seven dots among your character's
primary Attributes, five dots among her secondary Attributes and
three among her tertiary Attributes. Thus, you may choose to add
seven dots to your vampire's Physical Attributes and five to her
Mental Attributes, which leaves three dots for her Social At-
tributes. Divide the dots among individual Attributes as you see
fit — you may, for example, decide to assign all three of your
tertiary Social Attribute dots to Charisma, one dot to each of the
three Social Attributes or two dots to one and one dot to another.

You may increase some of these ratings later, so don't worry
too much about your choices now. Let your intuition guide you.

Note: The space after each Attribute (and Ability) is for you
to fill in a specialty, a subcategory of the Trait in which the
character excels. Specialties are fully explained on (page 117); for
now, concentrate on choosing your ratings.

Step THREE?
CHOOSING ALBILITIES

Abilities delineate what your character knows rather than
whathe is; they describe the things he has learned as opposed to the
things he can naturally do. Each Ability your character possesses
is assigned a numerical rating representing the character's aptitude
in that particular area. The number is used to determine how many
dice you roll when your character attempts to use an Ability.

Abilities are divided into three different categories: Talents,
Skills and Knowledges. Each type has different characteristics.

* Talents describe intuitive Abilities. Talents do not need
to be practiced per se and cannot be studied or learned from a
book; they are most often gained through direct experience.

© Skills are Abilities learned through training of any sort.
This category includes any Ability that must be learned step by
step through actual practice, but that can be taught or studied
(unlike Talents).

© Knowledges include all the Abilities requiring the rigorous
application of the mind. These Abilities are generally learned
through education, books and tutors, but can also occasionally be
picked up through experience.

You prioritize these Abilities just like you prioritized the
Attributes. You decide how to rank your Talents, Skills and
Knowledges, choosing in which category your character will be
above average (primary), in which she will be average (second-
ary), and in which she will be below average (tertiary).

You get 13 dots to spend on your character's primary cat-
egory, nine for the secondary category and only five dots for the
tertiary category.

There is one additional restriction: you cannot give your
character more than three dots in any one Ability (later, however,
youcan use your freebie points to gain up to five dots inan Ability).

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Stee Four: ADVANTHGES

You do not prioritize or rank the different categories of
Advantages. Instead you have a designated number of dots to
assign within each one. Though this number is fixed, you can
purchase additional dots later with freebie points.

DIscIPLINES

After characters first become vampires, they learn various
Disciplines, which are the basis of vampires' legendary powers. You
have only four points to spend and may only choose Disciplines
with which your character's clan is especially proficient (Clan
Disciplines). See the Clans chapter to find out what your character's
Clan Disciplines are. If you are a Caitiff and have no clan, youcan
spend your four points on any Disciplines you would like.

Players are urged to be cautious when they choose Disciplines,
for these powers are central to a vampire character. Four points
aren'ta lot, butcharacters should start out weak, and Disciplinescan
be raised (or new ones added) during the chronicle.

BACKGROUNDS

Every character also gets five points to allocate among the
various Background Traits. In some chronicles your choice may
be restricted to certain Backgrounds; the Storyteller will let you
know the ground rules. Your Background Traits should fit into the
general scheme of the concept originally chosen.

"VIRTUES

Virtues are fundamental to a Vampire: The Dark Ages
character, for they describe the moral strengths and weakness that
play such an essential role in the vampire myth. Each of the
Virtues is rolled in different circumstances to determine the
emotional reactions of the character (at times when her vampiric
nature might overcome her human leanings). Two of the Virtues
are of dual nature, which may seema little complex at first. Simply
put, depending on a vampire's Road, she will roll Conscience or
Conviction to see if she loses ground along her Road after an
inhumane act. Similarly, she would roll Self-Control or Instinct
tosee if she can resist the urge to frenzy. Courage is essential toall
vampires (and therefore has no counterpart); it determines if the
character can avoid panic at the sight of open flames or the sun.

Every character automatically starts with one dot in each of
her three Virtue Traits (which vary according to Road), and you
may then assign seven additional dots as yousee fit. The Virtues are
aprimary factor in determining your character's Via and Willpower
ratings, so you will want to be careful with your choices. Remember,
you may use freebie points to boost your character's ratings.

STEP Five: FINISHING TOUCHES

In this step you gain 15 freebie points, enabling you to add
more dots to any of the Traits on the character sheet. Before you
spend these points, however, you must record the base scores for
your character's Willpower, Via rating and Blood Pool.


‘WILLPOWER

Your character's beginning Willpower is equal to his Courage
tating, and will thus range from 1 to 5. You should probably raise it
even higher by using freebie points. Willpower is essential for
controlling the actions of your character, especially in times of
stress when your more predatory instincts emerge. Willpower is also
vital for resisting Dominate and employing the Discipline of
Thaumaturgy.

Via RATING

Your character's initial Via rating is equal to her Conscience/
Conviction + Self-Control/Instinct ratings, ranging from 2 to 10.
However, it is generally a good idea to purchase a higher Via score
by spending freebie points. The Road is critical for determining how
far your character has degenerated into bestiality. A character
without a Via rating has completely succumbed to the Beast and can
no longer be used as a player character.

Boop Poot

The crowning touch of character generation is determining
how large a Blood Pool the character has at the beginning of the
game. The Blood Pool indicates how much "energy" the charac-
ter has — blood is the life-force of a vampire. Simply roll a
10-sided die to determine the number of Blood Points possessed.
This is the only die roll that will be made during the character
creation process. The irony of a vampire's existence should not be
confined to the story alone.

FREEBIE PoINTs

Younow get 15 points to build and buy Traits anywhere on the
character sheet. However, it's not as straightforward as it sounds.
Ifyou want to add a dot to an Attribute, each one costs five freebie
points, while a Background dot only costs one point. Costs are
listed in the chart on (page 103). Youcan buy any Discipline (even
ones that are not listed as Clan Disciplines). You may not buy a
Trait to six dots during character creation.

SPARK OF LIFE

The following details will help make your character a complete
and unique person. You do not necessarily need to write these things
down, but you should certainly think about them —not only now but
throughout the career of your character.

APPEARANCE

Your character's appearance makes her Traits visible to
crhercharacters. You should turn the concept and relevant Traits
of your character into aspects of her appearance. For example, a
high Self-Control might appear asa constantly composed expres-
sion. Instead of saying, "She's got an Appearance of 4," describe

what others are going to see when they look at her: "She stands
about five foot four, with a slender frame and fine bone structure.
Her long black hair cascades down her back like water, framing
her high cheekbones and setting offher porcelain skin. Her green
eyes are like gems, sparkling with intellect and interest, and she
always seems to be smiling, perhaps at her own private joke."

SPECIALTIES

Each Trait with a rating of 4 or higher can be given a
specialty. Though most players select specialties for their Traits
during play, youcan pick them immediately. A specialty describes
your area of expertise with a given Ability. Simply fill in the space
next to the Trait with an appropriate specialty; suggestions are
made with each Trait later on in the chapter.

EQUIPMENT

Ifthere are any possessions or pieces of equipment you want your
character to have, you should work out the details now. Otherwise,
you will have to acquire the equipment during the game. This can
take time and is not automatically successful. Almost any piece of
mundane equipment that fits your concept can be obtained, provided
your character has sufficient dots in the Resources Background.

Quirks

By giving your character quirks, interesting personal details and
anecdotes, you can add a great deal of depth and interest to him.
Write a few sentences describing the strange and interesting things
that define your character. A quirk could be a twisted sense of humor,
agentleness toward animals or a clumsy attempt at imitating courtly
etiquette. An important thing to consider at this time is your
character's nationality, particularly how it relates to the chronicle
setting. How is a Russian boyar going to react when an English
tavern-wench, the top of her bosom largely bared, leans over to ask
him what he wants to drink? Such anecdotes can be of great help in
defining personality and give the Storyteller things to play with.

Motivations

What drives your character? What makes her laugh, makes
her cry or makes her angry? What does she want from life (and
unlife)? What does she fear? What gives her hope? In what does she
believe? Once you know these things about your character, youcan
get more deeply under her skin and into this new role.

Morrat Ipentiry

A final thing you should consider about your character is his
identity in normal society, if any. A double life can be exceedingly
difficult to maintain, particularly for the nocturnal Cainites. But if
you can manage it, the rewards are evident. What path do you walk
now, and how will you continue to do so?

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


CHARACTER CREATION
PROCESS

© Step One: Character Concept
Choose Concept, Clan, Nature, Demeanor and Road

* Step Two: Select Attributes
Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social, Mental (7/5/3)
Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Stamina, Dexterity
Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation, Appearance
Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits

© Step Three: Select Abilities (see character sheet for options)
Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills, Knowledges
Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges (13/9/5)
No Ability higher than 3 at this stage

* Step Four: Select Advantages (see Options, below)
Choose Disciplines (4), Backgrounds (5), Virtues (7)

* Step Five: Finishing Touches
Record Via rating, Willpower, Blood Pool
Spend Freebie Points (15)

ARCHETYPES CNATURE AND DEMEANOR)
(See page 109)

: Stability requires order. Bring it about.

Civilization is a joke; honor is everything.

Caretaker: Suffering is everywhere; you must temper it with love.

Celebrant: Something fills you with joy, and youcannothide that
pleasure.

Child: You're young, or at least appear to be so.

Defender: The meek must be protected from the wicked by the
strong.

Fanatic: Your cause is everything to you.

Gallant: Grace isall that counts; romance is your ideal, and God's
(or the Devil's) will your pleasure.

Innovator: There is always a better way to do something. Your
task is to bring it about.

Jester: There is too much pain in the world to endure without
laughter. You make a mockery of sadness.

Judge: You seek justice for everyone.

Loner: You've never fit in and never will.

Monster: God has demanded that you play the beast; who are you
to argue?

Penitent: Your sins can only be forgiven after you prove your true
worth.

Rebel: You're sick of being ordered around! Hide your feelings
well and work for the time of change.

Rogue: To hell with rules, to hell with everyone! Life (or unlife)
is yours to plunder.

Survivor: No matter what storms sweep through, you will always
prevail.

Tyrant: The only way to get things done is to do them your way!
All other paths are folly.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

SAMPLE CONCEPTS

¢ Artisan —limner, musician, embroiderer, weaponmaster

*Beggar — cripple, escaped slave, debtor, mutilated felon,
veteran

Clergy — monk, priest, bishop, nun, laity, servant, stu-
dent, mystic

Craftsman — smith, tailor/seamstress, stonecutter, at-
morer

*Dispossessed — refugee, Jew, Moor, foreigner, Celt,
disinherited noble, slave

Heretic — pagan, unorthodox Christian, Infernalist,
witch, occultist, sorcerer !
Knight — squire, errant, courtier, poor knight
Lowlife — drunkard, prostitute, moneylender, traveling
player, brawler, defrocked clergyman

Nobility — baron(ess), royal heir, crusader, bastard, rake
Outlander — barbarian, Oriental, traveler, Moslem, spy,
slave, caravaner

* Peasant — servant, farmer, shepherd, stablehand, tavern
girl, serf

Pilgrim — crusader, penitent, mad monk, palmer
Retainer — huntsman, ranger, seneschal, bard, sergeant-
at-arms, torturer, lady-in-waiting, steward, diplomat
*Scholar — student, scribe, physician, alchemist, sage,
theologian

Soldier — man-at-arms, mercenary, grizzled vet, guard,
assassin

©Tradesman — bard, innkeeper, traveling trader, animal
trainer |
Wanderer — vagabond, thief, bard, exile, camp follower
Youth — runaway, child, apprentice, heir, squire, urchin

Roaps

(See page 113)
Road of the Beast: Feed the Beast, that it will not break its
chains.
*Road of Blood: Vampiric blood grants the power for revenge.
Road of Chivalry: Treat your equals with honor and your
betters with respect.
Road of the Devil: We are created evil and must play our part.
Road of Heaven: God made us vampires to exact His wrath.
Road of Humanity: The struggle to maintain one's humanity.
Road of Paradox: Existence isa lie; change reality for the better.

Road of Typhon: Sin and corruption are the keys to under-
standing.


Tue CLANS

(Complete descriptions can be found in Chapter Three: The
Clans)
* Assamites: The mysterious "Saracens" of the Middle East have
perfected the art of the silent kill.
* Brujah: Philosophers, scholars and athletes, the fractious
"zealots" pursue their dream of a perfect society.
* Cappadocians: Seeking the wisdom of the grave, the
"graverobbers" call on the spirits of the dead for enlightenment.
* Followers of Set: Originally hailing from Egypt, the "serpents"
spread corruption and vice in their path.
* Gangrel: Wanderers and rustics, the "animals" are closer to the
beasts of the forests than to any of their Cainite kin.
* Lasombra: Masters of darkness and shadows, the "magisters"
seek to control mortal and vampiric society alike.
* Malkavians: Cursed with insanity, the "madmen" enjoy a
surreal and disturbing insight.
* Nosferatu: Hideous beyond words, the ostracized "lepers" are
spies and informants without equal.
Ravnos: Wandering vagabondsand hucksters, the "charlatans"
gleefully practice their arts of deception and theft.

* Toreador: Lovers of art and beauty, the "artisans" freely indulge
their tastes for the aesthetic.

* Tremere: A recent and insular clan, the sorcerous "usurpers"
are struggling to establish themselves.

* Tzimisce: Terrible Slavic fleshcrafters, the "fiends" mercilessly
tule over their mortal subjects.

* Ventrue: Imperious and commanding, the "patricians" con-
sider it their duty to lead vampiric society.

* Caitiffs The rare and luckless Cainites with no clan are outcasts
and disgraced.

BACKGROUNDS

Complete descriptions can be found on page 128.

* Allies: Human confederates, usually family or friends.

* Contacts: The number of information sources the character
possesses.

* Generation: How far removed from Caine the character is.

* Herd: The vessels to which the character has free and safe
access.

¢ Influence: The character's political power within mortal soci-
ety.

*Mentor: The Cainite patron who advises and supports the
character.

* Resources: Wealth, belongings and monthly income.

¢ Retainers: Followers, guards and servants.

* Status: The character's standing in undead society.

DiscipLiNEs

(See also Chapter Five)
© Animalism: Supernatural affinity with and control of animals.
© Auspex: Extrasensory perception, awareness and premonitions.
* Celerity: Supernatural quickness and reflexes.
© Chimerstey: The ability to create illusions and hallucinations.
© Dementation: The ability to pass madness on to a victim.

* Dominate: Mind control practiced through the piercing gaze.

¢ Fortitude: Unearthly toughness, even to the point of resisting
fire and sunlight.

© Mortis: The supernatural power to control the process of death.

© Obfuscate: The ability to remain obscure and unseen, even in
crowds.

© Obtenebration: The unearthly control over shadows.
* Potence: The Discipline of physical vigor and strength.
* Presence: The ability to attract, sway and control crowds.

© Protean: Shapechanging — from growing claws to melding
with the earth.

* Quietus: The Assamites' arts of the silent kill.

© Serpentis: The reptilian, corruptive Discipline of the Followers
of Set.

© Thaumaturgy: The study and practice of sorcery.
© Vicissitude: The Tzimisce art of flesh-shaping.

FREEBIE POINTS
Trait

Attributes

Abilities

Backgrounds
Willpower

Disciplines

Virtues 2 per dot
Roads 1 per dot

EXPERIENCE Costs
Trait Cost
New Ability 3
New Thaumaturgy Path 7
New Discipline 10
Willpower

Road

Ability

Attribute

Thaumaturgy Path (primary)
Thaumaturgy Path (secondary)
Clan Discipline

Other Discipline

Cost
5 per dot
2 per dot
1 per dot
1 per dot
7 per dot

current rating
current rating x 2
current rating x 2
current rating x 4
current rating x 4
current rating x 5
current rating x 5
current rating x 7

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


y
S

EXAMPLE OF
HARACTER CREATION

Justin is starting in Ethan's new Vampire: The Dark Ages
chronicle. He turns to the character creation outline, makes a
copy of the character sheet and sits down to generate his character.

Step ONE: CONCEPT

Justin pages through the Clans chapter, thinking about the
various social roles of the time. The Malkavian clan catches his
eye at roughly the same time the word "zealot" pops into his head.
It must be fate, and he mulls it over. He conceives the idea for a
mad pilgrim, one who makes war on the "unclean." The Malkavian
clan seems made to order for the concept. Justin decides to make
the character French and chooses the name Anatole.

Next, Justin considers Nature and Demeanor. He likes the
idea of Anatole going on at length about how unworthy he is, so
Justin settles on the Demeanor of Penitent. However, under the
facade of self-mortification, Anatole is a determined warrior for
his cause. Anatole is driven more by a desire to protect his "flock,"
so Justin chooses the Nature of Defender.

Finally, Justin needs to pick a Road, one that accurately
depicts Anatole's code of ethics in the face of the Beast. Although
tempted by the Road of Humanity, Justin finally decides that the
Road of Heaven suits Anatole best.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Step Two: ATTRIBUTES

Next, Justin must prioritize Anatole's Attributes. Since
Justin sees Anatole as a good fighter, one who will probably have
to shed blood to defend his flock, he decides to give Anatole
primary Physical Attributes. (In the back of his mind, it occurs to
him that Anatole used to be a guardsman.) Since Anatole is faily
sharp and perceptive, Justin makes Mental his secondary cat-
egory, leaving Social as the tertiary.

Justin places three of the seven primary dots in Dexterity,
liking the image of a ragged pilgrim with surprising speed. He then
adds three more to Anatole's Stamina, and places the final dot in
Strength. Anatole now has Strength 2, Dexterity 4 and Stamina4.

Two of Anatole's five secondary dots go into Wits; he may be
mad, but he's not an idiot. Two more go into Perception, and Justin
adds the final dot to Intelligence. Anatole is going to have to rely
on his first reactions; he's only so-so at extended judgment cals

Finally, Justin has only three dots to divide among Anatole's
Social Attributes. He places two in Charisma and one in Appeat-
ance; Anatole can be inspiring when he has to. This means that
Anatole has a Manipulation of 1, but that's fine with Justin. He
never meant for Anatole to be incredibly subtle, anyway.

Step THREE: ABILITIES

The next step is prioritizing and selecting Abilities. Justin |
first looks over the character sheet, marking all the Abilities that

seem most appropriate. Most seem to fall into Talents, so Justin
gives that category primary consideration. Then he assigns Tal-
ents as secondary and Knowledges as tertiary


Justin has 13 dots to divide among Anatole's Talents. He
immediately puts two dots in Dodge and three in Alertness,
reflecting Anatole's speed and reactions. To reflect the mad
zealot's ability to deal with people, he assigns three dots to Intimi-
dation and one to Empathy. Two more dots go into Leadership;
Justin wants Anatole to be able to sway people. He puts the final
two dots in Brawl; Anatole saw a fistfight or two as a guardsman.

Skills, as Anatole's secondary category, has nine dots. Justin
puts three into Stealth, wanting his Malkavian to excel atskulking.
Two more go into Melee, about appropriate for a guardsman.
Finally, Justin reasons that Anatole had a fairly rustic background.
Heputs one dot each into Animal Ken, Archery, Ride and Survival.

Justin now has five dots for the tertiary Knowledges. He
decides that Anatole is somewhat lettered and places one dot
each into Academics and Linguistics. Two more dots are divided
between Investigation and Law, reflecting Anatole's guardsman
past. The final dot goes into Occult, cnough knowledge to worry
asuperstitious vampire without revealing any real secrets. Still, it
will keep things interesting...

Step Four: ADVANTAGES

Now Justin comes tothe vampiric aspect. First, he picks Anatole's
Disciplines — the powers of the unliving. Justin has four dots tospend
and must select from his Clan Disciplines. In the Malkavians' case,
they are Auspex, Dementation and Obfuscate. Justin really likes the
stealthy focus of Obfuscate, and puts two dots into that Discipline.
The remaining two go into Auspex; Anatole's ability to look into
other people's souls serves the concept of areligioussentinel very well.

Since madmen rarely have much influence with mortals,
Justin opts to put Anatole's Background dots into vampiric
Traits. Two go into Generation. Anatole is now of the 10th
generation, and accordingly powerful. Justin puts two more dots
into Herd, representing a small flock that follows the dynamic
Malkavian. The remaining dot goes into a point of Status: the
other Cainites of the city recognize that Anatole has some
potential, or perhaps they just defer to his sire.

Finally, Justin must assign his seven Virtue dots. Since Anatole
isonthe Road of Heaven, he begins with the Virtues of Conscience,
Self-Control and Courage. Three dots go into Courage: Anatole is
too dedicated to flee danger. Three more go into Conscience,
making Anatole rather charitable. The last dot falls into Self-
Control. Anatole will have some difficulty restraining his temper,
but Justin likes the roleplaying opportunities this will afford.

Srp FIVE: FINISHING TOUCHES

Most of the work has been done; all that's left is the
polishing. Justin records Anatole's starting Willpower, Via rating
and Blood Pool. His Willpower is equal to his Courage score, in
this case 4. His Road rating is equal to his Conscience + Self-
Control — here, 4 + 2, or 6. Finally, his starting Blood Pool is
determined by a die roll. Luckily, Justin's die comes up 9. Anatole
won't have to start his first story hungry. Justin consults the
Generation chart (page 137) and notes that a 10th-generation
Cainite has a maximum Blood Pool of 13.

Next, Justin has 15 freebie points to spend. To make Anatole
alittle more unnervingly swift, he spends seven on acquiring a
point of Celerity. He also wants Anatole to be distinctive and

impressive, so he puts five more into purchasing an extra point of
Charisma, raising it to 4. He has three left, two of which he puts
into Courage, raising it toa 5 (and his Willpower toa 5 by default).
He spends the last freebie point to buy another dot of Willpower.

Lastly, Justin must choose a Derangement (the Malkavians'
clan weakness). He decides that Anatole randomly hallucinates
from time to time, perceiving threats as fantastic beings or beasts.
Ethan, as Storyteller, heartily approves this, seeing many interest-
ing sessions of roleplaying down the road.

Justin has all the rules for Anatole's character in place, but
still wants to fill in a few details to flesh out the zealot fully.
Although these details may change during the prelude, they give
him and Ethan a good basis to start.

Anatole used to be a guardsman, but was driven out of his job
when he started showing the first signs of madness. He was
Embraced soon after, driven over the edge, given a quick educa-
tion in vampiric society and left on his own (for some ulterior
reason). His haven is a small crypt on the edge of his home city.
He has established a small flock of believers in the city slums; he
feeds from them and from any of the "Devil's servants" he runs
across. Because of his Road, he can only drink from his flock if they
give permission. To Anatole, the Road of Heaven was an exten-
sion of his mortal beliefs, not his sire's teachings.

He still carries a sword and has stolen a mail shirt, both of
which he conceals under his tattered clothes. Neither is in the
best of repair, but they are still quite serviceable. Anatole isn't
bad-looking, buthe is often dirty and dresses like a pauper. Despite
all this, he has a powerful voice and a piercing gaze; those who
listen to his impromptu sermons often remember his words.

Anatole is primarily concerned with improving and guarding
the welfare of his friends and neighbors. To this aim, he has already
assassinated one murderer in the slums, and will likely kill again. He
doesn't trust other vampires unless their "souls seem pure"(he checks
with Auspex). Justin leaves Anatole's sire to Ethan to flesh out. A
Malkavian could have almost any reason for creating progeny...

That's it. Justin could choose specialties for Anatole's Traits
with four dots (Dexterity, Stamina and Charisma), but he opts to
wait until his prelude is finished. Anatole is more than ready to
take his first few steps in the World of Darkness.

THE PRELUDE

A prelude is a way to create character biographies before the
chronicle actually begins. The purpose of a prelude is to give each
character a past, thus allowing the future to be told. It is, in fact,
aform ofone-on-one storytelling in which the story ofacharacter's
life is told.

A prelude is quite similar to normal play, except that many
years are compressed into a scries of rapid-fire decisions. The per-
sonal biography a player creates in the prelude will be relevant
throughout the chronicle, and you may well refer to it frequently.

TECHNIQUES

Each player undergoes the prelude alone. It is one-on-one
unless two or more characters were friends or spent a lot of time
together before the Embrace. While the Storyteller spends time

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


INNAME: Anatole
PLAYER! Dustin

L

NATURE Defender
DEMEANOR: SiteaT

‘THE DARK FiGES

GENERATION: |\O1),
HAVEN: Small Cryst

CHRONICLE: CLAN: Mplkavien CONCEPT: 33 Zealot
= ATTRIBUTES
PHysicAL SoclAL MENTAL
Strength, @@0000 Charisma. e@@e0ee0o Perception, @@e@000
Dexterity. @@@@00 = = Manipulation, @00000 Intelligence @@0000
Stamina. @@@e@00 = Appearance. ee0000 3Wits. @@e@000
FABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting. 000000 _ Animal Ken. @00000_ Academics___@00000
Alertness @@@000 = Archery. @00000 Hearth Wisdom__000000
Athletics. 000000 _ Crafts. 000000 _ Investigation. @00000
Brawl, @@0000 Etiquette. 000000 Law. 00000
Dodge. @@0000 = Herbalism. 000000 Linguistics. @00000
Empathy. @00000_ Melee. @@0000 = Medicine. 000000
Intimidation, @@@000 = Music 000000 Occult, @00000
Larceny. 000000 Ride. @00000 Politics. 000000
Leadership. @@0000 Stealth. @@@000 = Science 000000
Subterfuge. 000000 | Survival @00000 _ Seneschal 000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Puspex___@@0000 ©0000 — Conscience/Conviction_© @@@0
CeksTy @OOOOO Ake) SCHOO
QokuscaTe. @@0000 Sais ________@0000 _ Self-Control/fnstinet_@@ 000
000000 00000
000000 00000 _ Courage eoeee
=== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
000000 Peaven Bruised oO i
000000 eeeeee0000 Hurt 1d 7
000000 Injured 10
009999 WILLPOWER Wounded -2 O
000000 Mauled 20
Compat e@e@e@ee@ee000d Crippled 3 Gl
Weapon Difficulty [Damage oooooooo00o00 Incapacitated QO
EXPERIENCE

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Boop Poot

OOOo000o0o0o0
OOO Eee


with each player separately, the rest of the troupe can socialize
and start to get excited about what lies ahead. Anticipation can
make a story blossom.

During the prelude, the Storyteller should direct the player
much more than usual. Give him lots of decisions to make, but
nush everything and don't give him much time to think. Youneed
toplay through things quickly unless you are willing and able to
spend more time (which can enable the creation of very detailed
characters). Characters almost never engage in combat during a
prelude. If they do, simply describe the results of any fights; you
can't have the character die before the game even begins!

During the prelude, the player should have a chance to
interact with both the setting and the rules. Perhaps he finds that
some of his Trait choices weren't quite right when he actually puts
the character into play. A Storyteller may grant permission for
minor changes, provided they're not designed to upgrade the
character to superhero status.

There are many ways to progress through a character's life;
any way that helps mold a complete character is fine. During the
prelude you will want to explain the full background of the
character. The player should thoroughly understand the details of
her Background Traits.

You should play through one or more typical scenes from the
character's life to give both player and Storyteller a sense of how the
character lived. The player may enjoy her role as a vampire all the
more after dealing with the drudgery of the character's prior exist-
ence, Remember, it is the mundane that givesscope tothe magnificent.

A prelude can proceed with something like this: "You're step-
ping out of church on Sunday morning. Suddenly, a hand catches at
your clothing. A leper crouched by the doorway extends a scabrous
hand and asks for alms. He coughs terribly. What do you do?"

The response would help determine whether the character
values charity over a risk to his own health. As the Storyteller
describes things, the player can interrupt with her own ideas and
details. You are telling a story together, and should act as partners.
You can also include details that provoke the player into feeling
the emotions of the character — "Your eldest son has been slowly
weakening for months." If the character now acts only at night, he
can't freely visit his family anymore. His son may recover, or he
may die.... Will the character be there?

QuESTIONS AND ANSWERS

Described below are some questions that should be answered by
the end of the prelude. If there is no time fora full prelude, youshould
at least make an effort to answer these questions. It often helps to
write out the answers, even if you have undergone the full prelude.

With each question we list things the player should ask
herself, as well as some advice on how to shape the prelude in
relationship to the question.

+ How OLD ARE You?

More specifically, when were you born, and when were you
Embraced? How old do you look? A good history book can do
wonders for giving you appropriate or interesting dates for your
character's life.

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER

ea NS

o}

* WHAT WAS YOUR MORTAL LIFE LIKE?

Think about your childhood and how quickly you had to
grow out of it. Could youremain innocent, or were you forcedinto
adulthood even earlier than usual? Who were your parents, and
how did you fit into your social class? Did you stay in one place all
your life, or did you travel? Were you patriotic or apathetic!
Although humans in the Dark Ages had few opportunities to
change their lot, the complications of your human life are worth
considering. Rare is the vampire who forgets or ignores everything
before her Embrace.

+ WHEN DID YOU FIRST MEET H VAMPIRE?

When did the superstition become reality for you? Was your
sire the first vampire you met, or was there another? Were you
expecting the Embrace? (If so, you need to explain why.) Vam-
pires usually spend considerable time stalking their prey before
they attack. The suspense of the hunt, the tension of being
watched — these scenes should evoke great dread in a character
(and player as well, hopefully).

* WHO WAS YOUR SIRE?

Your sire, usually the first vampire you ever meet, strongly
colors your perceptions of vampires. What was your relationship
like? Did you part on good or bad terms? Was he prejudiced? Did
he describe certain clans according to his personal belief? Did he
abandon you, or were you released when he felt you ready?
Roleplaying a scene or two with a character's sire is an excellent
way to establish the feel of how vampires deal with one another.

- How po You FEEL ABOUT MORTALS?
Some Cainites consider themselves superior to mortals,
citing their undead powers as evidence. Do you still think of
2 yourself as a person, as the same person you once were? Very few
7 vampires of the time see themselves in such a light. Are you
protective of your former fellows, or do you intend to use your new
powers to avenge yourself upon them? Do you think of them as
only a food source, or do you love a mortal? Altbough not as
individually powerful as Cainites, humans are still the major force
shaping the World of Darkness. How you interact with them says
a great deal about yourself.

- How DID YOU BEGIN TO LOOK AT YOURSELF?

Do you believe yourself to be damned, or do you think
vampirism is an improvement? Why did you choose to fight the
Beast? Do you believe the myths of vampiric society, or do you
have your own theories? Obviously, no Cainite can deny her new
nature for long. Even the maddest Malkavians have a gut knowl-
edge that something has changed. Your self-image is central to
understanding your character and how you will relate to other

tii vampires.

- How DID YOU MEET THE REST OF YOUR
COTERIE?
3 in Were you brought together by chance or design? Do you get
4 along with the others? Do you have common enemies, allies ot
a as . purpose? How long have you been together in the city? If youdon't
trust each other, the stories will be doomed to failure. During the

VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES

—


prelude, you should work out how each of youmet the others. Each
meeting should be somehow unique, to better cement your inter-
personal relationships before the pressure starts to build.

WHERE IS YOUR TERRITORY?

What are your feeding grounds, and how often do you visit
them? What is a typical hunt like for you? Where is your haven
forthe day? Youneed to detail what sort of vampiric existence you
have carved out for yourself. A well-conceived territory has
several bonuses, including possible lowered difficulties on hunt
rolls. If you have a particularly well-organized territory, you can
feed without roleplaying or making rolls. Your territory is one of
your most important resources — give it some thought.

* WHAT DRIVES YOU?

Do you have any outstanding enemies? What are your goals?
How do you intend to spend the rest of your long existence? No
teal person lives without motivations. Your goals, hopes and fears
are essential to your character. By fleshing out your ambitions and
priorities, you understand better exactly who you are. Look to
your Nature, Demeanor and Road for ideas, but feel free to add
appropriate motivations that transcend those guidelines.

TRAITS

In Vampire: The Dark Ages, Traits are the basis of a
character — they describe, conjure and delineate who and what
acharacter really is. They enable you to detail your character's
strengths and weaknesses, allow you to translate the character
into game reality by using dice and, most importantly, help you
focus and understand your character.

A ccharacter's Traits describe only the general parameters of
her abilities. The essence of the character is created through
roleplaying and imagination. Traits in Vampire: The Dark Ages
are intentionally left sketchy — at least the number-crunching
part — so you will not concentrate on the character sheet too
much. What is only crudely established during character creation
becomes fleshed out through play.

NatTurE AND DEMEANOR

If Cowardice lends me its heart

And I follow its command

I'll never attain what I pursue.

Indeed, I am greatly shamed

Even to have considered holding back —

My heart is black with sadness

— Chrétien De Troyes, Lancelot

We tend to think of "false faces" as a strictly modern
innovation. The old days, some would claim, were more honest.
What you saw was what you got, right?

Wrong. If nothing else, court intrigues demanded more
subterfuge than we modern people ever learn, and even the
average peasant had to be careful what he said and around whom.
Afterall, in the Middle Ages, your life might depend on how well
you could fool someone — harsh penalties awaited those who
seemed too forward with the "wrong" feelings.

In game terms, personality archetypes reflect the everyday
subterfuges people count on. A character's Nature represents her
inner personality — her "true self." Her Demeanor, on the other
hand, reflects the aspects that other people see — her "public
face." Both Traits might be the same, of course, but most people
act differently in public than they do in private. A straightforward
person's Traits will be the same — or at least similar — while a
devious one may have a radically different Demeanor, or possibly
even more than one.

Vampires (and other characters) also refresh their Willpower
Pool through actions that suit their Nature. Ifa Caretaker Ventrue
sheds her blood to protect one of her coterie (especially if the
comrade hails from a different clan), she regains a point or two of
the Willpower she may have spent earlier in the story. Obviously,
this only occurs when that character performs some really notable
act within the story — you can't just say, "I give a penny to the
beggar in the street," and get your Willpower back. By acting within
our moral codes, however, we reaffirm ourselves. Thus, a game
character refreshes her Willpower Trait the same way.

Ifa character does something really appropriate, her player
may ask the Storyteller if she can regain Willpower through that
act. Depending on what happened, the Storyteller may grant that
character three points (for a really significant or costly action),
two points (for some important task or sacrifice), one (for a small
feat) or even none (for something insignificant or an action the
player did just to get Willpower back).

It's important to remember that Natures and Demeanors are
not rigid "character classes"; rather, they act as roleplaying hints,
offering you some guidance about how your character might act
under given circumstances. These archetypes also help Storytellers
get a handle on your character and might influence a nonplayer
character's opinion of her. A duke's reaction to a lady with a Rebel
Demeanor will be, shall we say, a bit more harsh than if that same
lady seemed like a Caretaker instead.

The archetypes below are only suggestions; if you want to add
to this list or incorporate archetypes from other Storyteller games,
feel free.

Autocrat

Chaos is anathema to you; you despise disorder and tend to take
control and organize things. You like to be in charge, live to organize
and habitually strive to make things work smoothly. Perhaps you were
once a lady ora knight, a theologian ora sheriff. Maybe you're just an
especially organized peasant. In any case, you trust your own judg-
ment and tend to think of things in black-and-white terms: "This
won't work," "You're either for me or against me," "There are two
ways to do this— my way and the wrong way." Tradition is important
as well — after all, the best ways to do things are the proven ones.

— Regain Willpower when you lead a group and accomplish
some significant task.

BARBARIAN

Civilization is for weaklings. Intrigue is for cowards. You
know that the only things that matter are personal strength, honor
and bravery, and you live your life by an unshakable code. No one
earns your respect unless he's powerful enough to hold his own in
astraightforward contest. The weak are fit only to serve the strong.

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


Not to say that you only respect physical violence; you may be
very intelligent, caring and merciful. You cannot, however, abide
weaklings orcraven bastards who hide behind pretty words or others'
bodies. A title means nothing unless it is earned through personal
valor or wisdom, and an oath means nothing unless the maker will
die to uphold it. As for the trappings of civilization, you find them
a waste of time. What was good enough for your forefathers is good
enough for you. After all, the measure of a man (or a woman) is
endurance to hardship and honor in the face of adversity.

— Regain Willpower whenever you or your code of honor
clearly triumphs oversome overtly "civilized" opponentorsituation.

CARETAKER

Weare indeed our brothers' keepers. No matter what kind of
a beast you may have become, the charge to "Love one another
as I have loved you" rings in your ears. Not that you cannot kill
— God kills freely, and often commands us to do the same — but
if you see someone in need, you consider it a sacred charge to do
what you can to help.

A Caretaker's need isn't rooted only in religion. After all,
taking care of your own is only common sense in a harsh world.
Even if you have turned your back upon the ways of the Church
(or were not Christian to begin with), you will do whatever you
can to alleviate another's suffering. Occasionally, people take
advantage of you, but such is the price of nurturing. Perhaps, for
you, it is the only way to atone for your sins.

— Whenever you help another person in need or sacrifice
something for another's well-being, you may refresh some Will-
power. This assistance can be as simple as a pat on the back at the
right moment, or as drastic as a last-minute intervention before
a torch-bearing mob.

CELEBRANT

You know a joy others can only imagine. Perhaps it's reli-
gious devotion or a joie de vivre that few can match. Maybe you
appreciate the thrill of battle, or delight in the works of the
ancient masters of some great art. Whatever your passion is, you
gain the strength to face adversity so long as that passion is close
at hand. Whenever some opportunity to praise or indulge your
chosen passion arises, you will seize it with glee. This may annoy
some folk, but you know it's only a matter of time before they
discover your joy as well.

— Regain Willpower whenever you either celebrate the
passion of your choice or convert another character to your way
of thinking. Conversely, you suffer greatly (and perhaps even lose
a point of Willpower if the event is traumatic enough) if your
passion is denied or badly lost to you.

CHILD

You're young, either in years or in spirit, and others feel
compelled to nurture you. This can be both good and bad; most
people love the enthusiasm of youth, but it often leaves you open
to exploitation or hardship. You're cute and frolicsome, but also
tend toget in trouble. Youth, itissaid, lacks wisdom, andsodo you.

It bears noting that adulthood comes quickly in the Middle
Ages; boys and girls as young as eight or 10 were expected to begin
productive lives in trades or fighter's training. Children are rarely

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

granted the indulgences we modern folk are used to — pampering
isa luxury few can afford. A willful child will be scolded, and a
pathetic adult will be shamed. A youth or a simpleton will tempo-
rarily be given more slack than an adult would be but if you cannot
eventually grow up and take responsibility, you'll face a hard unlif

—Regain Willpower whenever you get someone to nurture you,
or when you achieve some great success through your childlike ways.

DEFENDER

Not everyone can be a warrior. You can, however, and
whatever your chosen field of combat may be — warfare, law,
medicine, religion, whatever — you bend your efforts toward
defending those who deserve a fighting chance. Perhaps you are
(or once were) a guardian on the road to Damascus, a city
watchman or a healer. Maybe you achieved whatever title you
hold (or held) by protecting your vassals, not by favoring a lord;
or turned your sword-arm to God's will. Whatever history you
may have, your task in life is to defend some patron. Some protect
the weak, others protect the throne.

— Regain Willpower whenever you successfully ward your
protectorate or patron from some hostile threat.

FANATIC

You are consumed by a cause; it is the primary force in your
life, for good or ill. Every ounce of blood and passion you possess
is directed toward your cause. In fact, you may feel very guilty
about spending time on anything else. Nothing can stand in your
way — nothing that you cannot overcome, in any case. You and
those around you may suffer, but your cause is everything — the
end justifies the means.

Dedication sets you apart from the Celebrant; after all, such
folk are loyal only to their own pleasures. You might despise your
cause, or fear it, but youstill give iteverything you have. Whosaid
that life was all fun and games? Before the chronicle begins, make
sure you describe your character's cause and define how it may
affect her behavior.

— Regain Willpower whenever you accomplish an act that
furthers your cause, or when you sacrifice yourself to the cause in
some way.

GALLANT

Life is nothing without style. Let others wallow in the mud
of misery — your existence will be a graceful thing, remembered
by the poets and heralded by the tales of your exquisite élan.

Romance is your bread and butter; you are the troubadour, the
jongleur, the mistress-in-waiting or the dashing highwayman. Reality
may not live up to your expectations, but you strive to meet your ideal
with as much gusto as you can muster. Others may not appreciate your
carefree manner — you leave broken hearts in your wake and seem
more frivolous than people prefer — but you cannot be bothered by
others' misfortunes. If they cannot take the risks that come with alife
well lived, to hell with them. When you meet the Devil (and you're
told you will), you'll do it with a flourish and shake his hand.

— Regain Willpower when you accomplish some great
victory — a seduction, a commission, a successful battle — with
styleand grace, or when you hear your exploits recounted with the
flair that is your due.


INNOVATOR

There are always better ways to achieve a goal; you will find
those better ways. Inventors, traders, philosophers and strategists
are examples of your kind. You are the path-blazer; the visionary;
the critic who is never satisfied, even with seeming perfection.
Tradition, to you, is a snare which binds imagination. Whatever
you do, strive to improve upon what went before.

— Regain Willpower whenever your quest to create some
new way of doing something succeeds. Dramatic breakthroughs
are worth more confidence (and thus more Willpower) than
simple improvements.

JESTER

The world is a painful place, but it's not without its lighter
side. People go crazy without something to laugh at. You are that
someone — the fool, clown or comic, forever seeking the humor
inany situation. You hate sorrow and pain, and constantly try to
take others' minds off the dark side of life. Most consider you an
idiot for it, but you know your ways are best. Sometimes you'll do
nearly anything to forget that pain exists — as one of the
Damned, there's plenty to be miserable about. Your particular
brand of humor might range from witty satire to low physical
humor, but it beats moping around, doesn't it? On the down side,
you get on others' nerves sometimes, but laughter usually makes
you feel better, anyway...if only for a while.

— Regain Willpower when you raise the spirits of those
around you through the device of humor, especially when you're
able to escape your own pain in the process.

JUDGE

Asa facilitator, moderator, arbitrator, conciliator and peace-
maker, you always seek to make things better. You pride yourself on
your rationality, judgment and deductive ability when given the
facts. Truth is your ideal, but you understand how difficult it is to
ascertain. Thus, you favor justice, for through justice, truth will reign.

In your view, people are resources, albeit difficult ones. You
hate dissension and arguments, and shy away from dogmatism.
Fairness, wisdom and logic are your hallmarks, and others respect
your opinion. Some Judges make good leaders, though a lack of
vision can sometimes cause them to maintain the status quo
instead of searching for a better way.

— Regain Willpower when you are able to separate the
truth froma web of lies, or when you convince disputing individu-
als to agree with your judgments.

LONER

Youalways standalone, even in the midst ofacrowd. Youare
the wanderer, hunter and lone wolf; perhaps you wander from
town to town as a hired sword or traveling player, or perhaps you
hide away until outside events become too important to ignore.

Solitude is not your fate, it's your pleasure. Though others
might think of youas lonely, forsaken or remote, you simply prefer
your own company to that of others. There are many different
reasons why this might be so: you don't understand people, you
understand people too well, people dislike you, people like you
too much, or perhaps your own thoughts mean more to you than.
people. Your reasons are your own.

(HY


—When you manage to accomplish some significant taskon
your own, without the aid of others, but still help the group in
some way, you regain Willpower based on the significance of the
achievement.

MonstER

For every light, there must be darkness. You are that shadow,
chosen by God to be the beast that tempts the wicked. Your
Embrace has sundered any connection you once had to your
humanity (or so you believe), so why bother acting human' In
later days you might be called Sabbat, but now you're merely what
you have become —a fiend in the night.

Darkness comes in many forms. Your evil might be as subtleas
poisoned gossip or as powerful as Goliath's hammer. Whenever
your better instincts — and they do still exist — surge to the top,
fight them down lest others exploit your weakness. The certainty
of hellfire at the end of your unlife spurs you to occasional fits of
terror, but in the eyes of your peers, you are the monster that
destroys, the tempter who betrays, the servant of the Devil and thus
the agent of God's will. }

— Dark deeds refresh your Willpower, so long as they work
within Gods plans for you. If you see yourselfas the Tempter, then you
regain Willpower if you lure a weak person into wickedness. Are you
a destroyer of dreams? Then regain Willpower when you challenge
another person's faith. Pick some destiny, then act within that role.

PENITENT

You know that you have sinned; every clergyman accuses you, f
and every dream reveals the depths of depravity you feel inside. No
matter how innocent or blameless your actions may be, you know
that Man isan affront to God, and Cainites even moreso. Knowing
this, you try to atone for your sins as often as you can.

—

A vampire with this Nature is an interesting case; she knows
her place in Fate, but regrets her actions, especially the choices
she makes herself. Predestination and free will are hot topics for
debate in this era; on one hand, humanity was seen as innately
sinful and unclean, damned without God's grace. On the other
hand, God was said to base His final judgment on the choices each
person made during his or her existence. Asa Penitent, you know
that both sides hold true, and you choose to atone for your fated
unlife through charity, self-denial or even aiding the Church.

— Regain Willpower whenever you feel that you have
atoned for your most recent sins. Whatever acts you perform,
however, must measure up to the magnitude of the crime — the
worse the sin, the bigger the atonement must be. Naturally, as a
vampire, you'll have plenty of opportunities to sin again, and this
is a constant source of torment for you.

REBEL

The established order is a lie. Fashion is tainted, the Church
is corrupt, and the lords grow fat on the people's labor. Maybe yout
only son was killed by a drunken nobleman, or perhaps your wife
was raped by some prince's lackey. Perhaps you're just tired of
toeing the line or giving everything you own over to those who
haven't earned it. In any case, you hate authority and will go out
of your way to undermine it.


This is a dangerous Nature to have; even the loosest groups
have harsh ways of dealing with nonconformity. Nevertheless,
you understand the hatred which guides the Rebel. Your actions
may be subtle and your sentiments held silent, but your hatred for
the established order guides your passions and your deeds.

— Regain Willpower whenever something you do harms
the order you despise. This "order" could be the Church, a local
lord, the current fashion or Cainite society.

RoGuE

You are all that matters. Every man must fend for himself,
and if your actions get in others' way, well, too bad! If they were
stronger, perhaps they could enjoy their (un)lives as well as you
do, Not that you're a bully, mind you — just self-centered and
aggressively selfish. You need not be a dominator; you'll just be
damned if you're the dominated!

Rogues pride themselves on self-sufficiency. You may be a
thief, an errant knight, a vagabond or a prostitute. In any case,
others look down upon you for refusing to live by their rules. In
the end, however, you keep your own best interests at heart.
Never let another lead you.

— Regain Willpower whenever your selfishness leads to
some kind of gain, especially if you can earn it without exposing
yourself to risk or following another's orders.

SURVIVOR

No matter what happens, you always survive. You can
endure, pull through, recover from, outlast and outlive nearly any
circumstance. Whether you travel in a group or walk alone, self-
preservation is your prime motivation. When the going gets
tough, you get going. Never say die, and never give up — ever.
Nothing angers you as much as a person who doesn't struggle to
make things better or who surrenders to Fate or mishap. It's your
way to persevere. No matter what the odds may be, you'll come
out standing, if not winning. How many warriors can say the
same?

— Regain Willpower whenever you survive a difficult
situation through your own cunning and perseverance or success-
fully teach another to do the same.

TYRANT

No one can do anything right except you. Whenever you
leave something in someone else's care, that person fouls it up.
Therefore, you must watch over those you care for, and take
matters into your own hands whenever possible. You may have
beenan innkeeper before your Embrace, oraknight whose squires
simply couldn't achieve the chivalric ideal. Perhaps you oversee
your ghouls the way you once commanded your household
servants. Whatever you do, make sure that no one makes a mess
of it. People may not like you for it, but at least things will be done
right, this time.

— Your leadership refreshes your Willpower whenever you
succeed through stubbornness, forcefulness andattention to detail.

Roaps

The easy, gentle, and sloping path...is not the path of true
virtue. It demands a rough and thorny road.

— Michel de Montaigne, Essays

The Beast is a harsh master. No matter how compassionate
and virtuous the mortal, the Embrace floods her very being with
urges and instincts far beyond anything a human feels. Conse-
quently, the childer of Caine must hold to some form of discipline,
some code that allows them to keep the Beast in rein. The Roads
represent paths of morality, ones which maintain a Cainite's
control over herself. Some, like the Human Road, are unspoken
reflections of a vampire's mortal nature. Others, such as the
Assamites' Road of Blood, are codes of morality developed long
ago by elders of a certain mindset. No matter the origin, a Road
is the only connection a vampire has to his sentient nature. If he
falters along this path, he may fall utterly to the Beast.

Many vampires do not even think of themselves as ona "Road"
or path to some sort of enlightenment. Their ethics can only be
coincidentally classified under one of the eight recognized Roads.
These eight are detailed below. There are almost certainly more, but
these are the ones that the majority of European Cainites represent.
We recommend that players choose from these eight rather than
devising their own, at least for now. These are the Roads proved to
be most effective at preventing the spiral into monstrosity. Of
course, Storytellers should feel free to allow a new Road that fills an
appropriate gap in their chronicles. Just be certain that the new
Road is rigid enough to keep the Beast at bay. A chronicle where the
players never need to worry about making Virtue rolls will be staler
than one where degeneration is still a very real possibility.

ROAD OF THE BEAST

Also called the Via Bestiae, the Beast Road is an instinctive
path more than anything else. Those who walk the Beast's path
behave like animals, but not in excess. As the ancient Gangrel
Kilok noted, "a hound ona long leash is less likely to snap it." Some
ofClan Gangrel teach this Road to their childer, as doa few of other
clans, but most Cainites on this path adopt it without prompting.

The greatest danger that those on the Beast Road face is the
wilderness. The Lupines hunt any childer of Caine that wander
from the cities, and few vampires can elude or outfight a pack of
werewolves. The Cainites of the Beast Road, compelled toshun the
cities, constantly run the risk of encountering Lupines or worse.

The vampire on this Road must be clever and instinctive.
She must act without hesitation, but not foolishly endanger her
existence and territory. She never kills for sport or needlessly
tortures enemies, but will tear the throat out of anyone who
threatens her unlife. She avoids too much contact with the cities
and devices of humanity. Her control over her frenzies and fear
stems from her desire for survival. By becoming an animal, she
avoids devolving into a monster.

Curiously, the Cainites of the Via Bestiae can be quite
urbane and civil ifthe need is truly present. Most of them, though,
prefer their simple code to any of the "civilized" manipulations of
their fellow undead.

The Beast Road practices the Virtues of Conviction and
Instinct.

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


Roap oF BLoop

The mysterious Assamites of the East practice their own
moral code, one handed down from their clan's founder. This
code translates into Latin as the Via Sanguinius, or the Blood
Road. If the vampires of the West knew the secrets of this well-
guarded Road, they would surely make war on the Assamites in
order to destroy them all.

The Road of Blood is taught only to those Assamites who are
deemed most loyal to their clan and kin. It teaches that the
childer of Khayyin (Caine) are corrupt, one and all, save for the
descendants of Haqim (whom the Westerners named Assam).
Hagim bade his progeny to make war on the Cainites, to fight
their taint. Therefore, the truest Assamites are those who slay
vampires of other clans and feed on their blood. By following the
teaches of the Blood Road, one may achieve enlightenment.

Assamites on the Road of Blood (and nootherclan is permitted
to learn this Road) have a strict code. They must follow the
teachings of Haqim and seek all knowledge that would aid their
struggle. They must take as much vampire blood as possible, to
strengthen their clan. They must also keep apart from the get of
Khayyin unless duty requires otherwise, and keep their spirits pure
of the Cainites' corruption. Finally, the vampires of the Via Sanguinius
believe strongly in honor and self-restraint. They must resist the
Beast at any cost, and deal fairly and honorably with mortals.

Recently, many Assamites were infuriated by the Western
armies marching on Jerusalem. Consequently, more and more of
the "Saracens" have been set on the Blood Road just after their
Embrace. These holy warriors believe that their ancestral enemies
have shown their true colors at last. Now, the true war begins.

Assamites must not shrink from spilling blood ifsuch becomes
necessary, but must hold onto their honor at all times. Thus, the
Blood Road teaches the Virtues of Conviction and Self-Control.

Roab OF CHIVALRY

While the age of chivalry does not reach its peak in mortal
society for some time yet, Cainites of this period practice a similar
chivalric code of their own creation. The Road of Chivalry is
more formal than most other Via, with the same principles
holding true and being passed from sire to childe or prince to
vassal, regardless of the geographic area.

Followers of this Road believe themselves to be of a closer
association to Caine and thereby must adhere to stricter standards
than those around them. The Embrace carries great power, but
equally heavy responsibilities, which are outlined in this code of
conduct. They hope that their example will encourage right behavior
in other Cainites, thereby elevating all in the sight of God and Caine.

The values of the Via Equitum are very much like those that
will be practiced in later times. Honor and nobility of character
are held above all, and the Cainite with neither is a sad thing
indeed. One must respect one's lord and superiors, and duty to
them is a solemn matter. Pleasure and one's own desire are
secondary. Should they conflict with the Via, there is no argu-
ment—the Via comes first. Oaths are not made to be broken; any
oath made must be kept, and woe to the Cainite who does not.
Those weaker or unable to protect themselves are to be aided
when in need. Kine are viewed as noble beasts, like deer in the

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

forest. As such, they are to be treated fairly, aided if they are in
need, but in the end they are still lesser beings. One does not feel
compelled to treat a hunting hound with honor, and so it is with
mortals.

The Road of Chivalry teaches the Virtues of Conscience and
Self-Control.

Roa OF THE DEVIL

Many Cainites believe that the Embrace irredeemably damns
them. Some of these reason further that they have been turned into
servants of the Devil (or whatever power of ultimate evil they
believe in). It would logically follow, they add, that they have
become vampiresso that they should work evil on the Earth. Ifthey
refrain from acting like devils, they will no doubt be ultimately
punished for shirking their duties. These debased Cainites follow
the Via Diabolis — the Devil's Road.

The very nature of a vampire's form can actually be taken as
proof that the Cainites were created to do evil. After all, there's
nothing intrinsically virtuous about preying on innocents. There-
fore, evil must be innate to the undead, who are denied the fruits
of Heaven. Interestingly enough, the followers of the Devil'sRoad
often have no real contempt for the good and holy. They simply
believe that they, as vampires, must oppose the forces of virtue to
the best of their ability.

Of course, those of the Road of the Devil have difficulty
dealing with vampires on other Roads. Any vampire who pro-
fesses a philosophy other than theirs is clearly deluded or lying.
Either way, the Devil's childer cannot trust the other Cainites.
And, of course, no sane vampire on another Road would retum
the trust. The Via Diabolis is a lonely road. Fortunately (or
perhaps not), others walk it with you....

Those on the Via Diabolis try to make their unlives as
pleasurable as possible, at the expense of those who oppose them.
They refrain from traits such as mercy and gentleness, finding
them opposed to their role. They kill when necessary or "appro:
priate," and create new vampires whenever they like. (After all,
they need to increase the evil in the world. Duty is duty.) They
trust only those other vampires who openly agree with their
philosophy. Above all, they avoid associating with priests and the
like, their eternal foes.

Warning: player characters on this Road can be very destruc-
tive toa chronicle by their very nature. The player who wishes to
tun a vampire on this Road should discuss it with the Storyteller
and the rest of the troupe. If everyone agrees, the resulting
roleplaying can be very intense; just keep your friends' sensibili
ties in mind.

Cainites on the Devil's Road idealize callousness and excess
They practice the Virtues of Conviction and Instinct.

Roab oF HEAVEN

Struggling to come to terms with their undead condition,
wondering why God would create such creatures as themselves,
some vampires come to one of two conclusions. Either they owe
their existence to the Devil and should serve him, or they area
part of God's plan and must serve Him.


Many of the latter group, searching forsome good purpose for
their bestial powers, follow the Via Caeli. They believe that
vampires are intended by God to be His avenging angels. Sinners,
murderers, foul witches and inhuman beasts: all must be ready to
die at the hands of the childer of Caine.

Interestingly, not all of these believe in the vampire mythol-
ogy of Caine and his descendants. Many on this road are not even
Christian. The only requirement is faith in some sort of purpose
or plan to the universe, a purpose which includes supernatural
beings designed to destroy the corrupt and sadistic. Christians,
Jews, pagans and even Moslems have been known to share the
Road of Heaven. Alas, they do not always accept one another...

The Cainites of the Via Caeli kill without the slightest sense
ofirony or concern. Murderers are common prey, and indeed they
sometimes kill those whose sins are quite petty (theft, heresy,
lechery), but they are convinced that they are justified. God has
given them the task of destroying sinners and criminals by
whatever means necessary. They are damned for their actions —
but their actions are for the good of all people. They regard
themselves as the ultimate martyrs, called to sacrifice not only
their bodies but also their souls to protect the virtuous.

These vampires punish sinners and criminals, especially those
who elude mortal justice. They know the innocent must be pro-
tected from sinners and criminals, from those who would tempt
them into sin and from themselves if necessary. Every sinner should
have the opportunity to mend her ways, or if she refuses, should die.
They only feed from pious or righteous persons if given permission.
There is enough food to avoid preying on God's beloved. They
especially loathe the Setites and Baali and will go to almost any
length to bring one of these monsters the Final Death.

Those on Heaven's Road uphold the Virtues of Conscience
and Self-Control.

Roap or HUMANITY

This Road has been both taught by elders and instinctively
taken by the newly Embraced. Those who follow the Via
Humanitatis, whether they call it that or not, try to hold onto
their mortal scruples. These Cainites still think of themselves as
people, not alien monsters. They recognize that they too can
succumb to the Beast, but they will fight such a thing with the
ethics of their human lives.

The Road of Humanity assumes a certain amount of moral-
ity. Itdoes not focus on acting "human" as a murderer is "human."
Instead, it recognizes that people have a certain potential for
goodness and charity, and encourages such behavior. Cainites
whoare well advanced along the Via Humanitatis tend to be just,
merciful and fair. Still, there are those on this Road who have
become fierce warriors among the childer of Caine. The balance
of necessity and virtue is a hard path to walk.

The Via Humanitatis has no formal code of ethics. Gener-
allyspeaking, its followers must refrain from cruelty and perversion.
They must not kill unless absolutely necessary, and they must
respect the rights of others. They should feel concern for the
welfare of mortals, as well as that of their own kind. The easiest
summation is one espoused by many religions and philosophies:
Treat your neighbor as you would want him to treat you.

This Road is open to some interpretation; afterall, the values
of the common people were different in the Dark Ages. Storytell-
ers and players often reflect their own morality by the way they
interpret this Road. This is perfectly all right; it gives youa chance
to explore your own value systems in a harmless environment.

The Human Road, rooted as it is in charity and temperance,
urges the Virtues of Conscience and Self-Control.

Road OF PARHDOX

Few truly understand the games of the Ravnos, the charla-
tans and tricksters among the vampires. Outsiders are not taught
the ways of the Via Paradocis — the Road of Paradox. Those
possessing its secrets, however, realize that unlife is indeed but a
dream, and living creatures the merest phantasms.

The Road of Paradox teaches that all existence is fluid and
malleable. Nothing is permanent or real, but is composed of
variable amounts of ethereal matter. The Ravnos refer to this
matter as "weig." In its natural state, weig flows willy-nilly from
being to being, object to object, creating and destroying without
care. A given object can be filled with weig one moment and
nearly empty the next; such is change, such is existence.

According to the Ravnos, the Antediluvians are beings who
were momentarily filled with great amounts of weig and never
released it. They strove to sculpt reality into a fixed shape that
would enable them to retain their new power. To aid their cause,
they passed on small amounts of their weig, molding them into
their own images. Thus were other vampires created.

Of course, the Antediluvians plan to reabsorb their weig in
due time. On this night — the night of Gehenna, or the Flux —
the 12 Antediluvians, acting in concert and devouring the power
of their children, plan to shape the universe permanently into the
gray and stagnant mausoleum-realm that is their ideal. Only the
childer of the 13th weig-being, the Ravnos, know of thisplan. The
Ravnos' clan founder decided to fight the newly created
Antediluvians on their own terms, creating a clan to assist it.
Those on the Paradox Road believe that their founder came into
being only to foil its brethren.

Ravnos on this Road strive to unravel the reality of the
Antediluvians. To effect this, they learn to harness their internal
weig for the production of reality-altering effects. These effects
are mere illusions at low levels of power, but as the Ravnos
becomes more powerful, the effects gradually increase in potency.
They also actively attempt to alter others' perceptions of reality,
usually through trickery and theft.

Ultimately, the weig must be released into the vortex.
Ravnos who are far along this Road actively seek to do so. They
seek out items that retain weig — "magic" items, Lupine fetishes
and the like — and destroy them. The most powerful of this Via
seek out vampires with great amounts of weig — of low generation
— and do likewise.

Those of the Via Paradocis understand that reality is what
one makes it. They seek to change their surroundings for the
better, realizing that only chaos and change are truly natural. The
more reality can be altered between now and the night when
reality will be reshaped, the more confused the Antediluvians will
be and the more likely it is that the universe will turn out for the

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


better. Therefore, they seek to trick, confuse and humiliate other
Cainites, particularly those high in the Antediluvians' esteem.
This disconcerts the ancients and is great fun in the meantime.

The vampires of Paradox strive for Conviction and Self-
Control.

Rowb OF TYPHON

The Followers of Set teach a moral code that has been
handed down from sire to childe from the time of great Set
himself. Although some Setites choose different philosophies to
maintain, the most sinister are those who follow the shadowy
Road of Typhon. To those on this Path, corruption, pain, lies and
sin are things to be cherished and spread throughout existence.
Misery is not a means to an end, but an end in and of itself.

As far as the followers of Typhon are concerned, everyone is
missing the point. They reject self-control as a way of purging
oneself of the world's horrors. The Typhonites instead espouse
the opposite: a complete immersion in one's weaknesses and an
active embrace of the world's misery. Only through such can evil
be understood, and only through understanding can it truly be
purged or assimilated. True happiness —fleeting as it is — is only
gained through succumbing to one's carnal desires. One had best
understand and accept where one is before attempting to move on
to some vaguely conceived afterlife.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

The Road of Typhon is actually more like a religion than a
philosophy. Its practitioners are rumored to worship various enti-
ties — perhaps personifications of various sins, perhaps otherwise
— through blood libations and sacrifice. Through such worship,
the Typhonites believe, mystic understanding may be gleaned.
The followers of this Road continually seek to spread war,
plague, poverty, filth, stagnation and fear through the world. Through
the creation and study of such phenomena, the Typhonites hope to
discover the truths about, and behind, earthly existence. In the Dark
Medieval world, it is obvious that they are doing quite well indeed.
The followers of the Path first practice their tenets upon
others. As they advance in mystic understanding, they begin to
practice their principles upon themselves; flagellation, self-muti-
lation and other masochistic depredations are commonplace
among the enlightened. Only through a complete mortification
of their flesh may they transcend their earthly limitations, and
dead flesh is difficult indeed to morti

There are rumors that those Setites who progress to the
highest (lowest?) levels of the Path of Typhon become far too
riddled with external and internal foulness to continue among the
mortal world. They divorce themselves from any connection to
the natural world whatsoever, devolving into quasi-organic em- |
bodiments of corruption. These stinking, bloated masses are
housed in the depths of the most secret Setite temples, where they
perpetually rot and wail blasphemies in the dark.


Those on the Via Typhonis reject the ideals of purity and
spiritual progress espoused by mortals. Only in corruption — by
succumbing to all that is considered impure, vile and weak — may
tue enlightenment be found. In weakness lies the greatest
strength of all. They refuse to struggle against their inevitable
decay. They must force others to see themselves as they are, and
toaccept what they see. They experiment on mortals to advance
the arts of depravity and deformity whenever possible. Finally,
they attempt to keep redemption from as many as possible, lying
and destroying to keep others from bettering themselves.

The Serpent's Road prizes misery and excess; therefore,
Typhonites hold to the Virtues of Conviction and Instinct.

ATTRIBUTES
SPECIALTIES

Foreach Attribute or Ability Trait rated 4 or higher, a player
can select a specialty. A specialty is a particular subcategory that
acharacter is capable of performing with additional proficiency
—acharacter may be able to appreciate music and carry a tune
well, but her particular forte is playing the lute.

A specialty allows the player to reroll "10s" scored on actions
directly involving the specialty. The player gets to keep the
success indicated by the "10," and may subsequently try again for
another success, rolling another die for each "10" obtained.

PHYSICAL AATTRIBUTES

These Traits describe how strong, dexterous and sturdy a
character is; they are the primary Traits of an action-oriented
character. Physical Traits concern only the strengths and weak-
nesses of the body.

STRENGTH

This Trait measures your mean physical strength — your
ability to lift, carry loads and cause physical harm. A person with
ahigh Strength rating is usually larger than someone with a lower
rating. Of course, there are always exceptions.

Strength is used when you attempt to lift, carry, push, heave
ot break something. In melee combat, your Strength Trait is
added to your damage Dice Pool. Strength is also used when you
attempt to make any sort of jump or leap.

Specialties: Strong Grip, Broad Shoulders, Bulging Biceps,
Wiry, Rocklike Fists

Poor: You can lift 40 Ibs.
Average: You can lift 100 Ibs.
Good: You can lift 250 Ibs.
Exceptional: You can lift 400 Ibs.
Outstanding: You can lift 650 Ibs.
Inhuman: You can lift 800 Ibs.

DEXTERITY

This Trait measures your general physical prowess — speed,
quickness and agility. It indicates the capacity for moving pre-
cisely and manipulating objects with accuracy and grace. Dexterity
includes hand-eye coordination, fine motor manipulation, reac-
tion speed, reflexes and bodily grace.

Specialties: Catlike Reflexes, Swift, Sure-Footed, Light Touch
. Poor: You are clumsy and avoid sharp tools.
Average: You can mend your own boots.
Good: You have excellent raw athletic
potential.
Exceptional: You can juggle five knives.
Outstanding: You can juggle five knives
while blindfolded.
Inhuman: Your hands are like striking
serpents.

STAMINA

Stamina measures general health and resistance to pain; it
indicates how long you can exert yourself and how much physical
punishment you can sustain. Stamina is your staying power, both
physically and mentally, and one of its most important elements
is the will to live.

Specialties: Tireless, Enduring, Tough, Determined, Stubborn

. Poor: You are frail in constitution and may

be sickly.

Average: You are moderately healthy.
Good: You are in good shape and are
probably a hard worker.

Exceptional: You could fight for hours.
Outstanding: You could swim the English
Channel.

. Inhuman: Your endurance is that of the

wild animal.

Soca ATTRIBUTES

Your Social Traits describe your appearance, charm and
familiarity with the human mind. Your Social Traits are vital in
determining first impressions, leadership ability and the nature of
your interactions with others.

CHARISMA
Charisma measures your aptitude for enticing and fascinat-
ing others. You use Charisma to win others over to youemotionally
and get them to trust you. This Trait reflects a charismatic
personality more than it does an overt manipulation of others. It
isa sum of your presence, charm and power of influence. Charisma
reflects your power to convince others to put faith in you.
Specialties: Charming, Eloquent, Outgoing, Captivating,
Commanding, Inspiring
Poor: Others avoid being around you.
Average: You are likable.
Good: People trust and confide in you.
Exceptional: Something draws people to you.
Outstanding: You could lead a nation.
Inhuman: Complete strangers would live
and die for you.

MANIeuLATION

This Trait measures your aptitude for active self-expression,
such as when you want to get someone else to do something. It is
important when you attempt to influence or manipulate another

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


person directly. You use Manipulation to trick, fool, bluff, outma-
neuver and out-talk another. While you may be effective at
manipulating people whom you have just met, those who know
you are rarely fooled.

Manipulation is used inalll attempts to influence orconvince
another person overtly. Whether the person likes you or not is of
no consequence (though it can affect the difficulty of what you
are trying).

If you fail a Manipulation action, and the target realizes what
you were trying to do (you botch, for instance), she may well be
angered. People are manipulated all the time, and usually ignore
it. If the fact is brought to their attention, however, it can be very
disturbing. Manipulation can net great results, but is risky to
perform openly. Characters with high Manipulation ratings are
not overly trusted by those who know them best.

Specialties: Glib, Expressive, Cunning, Persuasive, Smooth

. Poor: You express yourself in as few words as

possible.

Average: Others might believe you.

Good: You can get a good price out of most
merchants.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Exceptional: Your talents belong in the
king's court.

Outstanding: You'd make an excellent
power behind the throne.

Inhuman: Your silver tongue rivals that of
the Devil himself.

ApPEARANCE

This Trait describes your attractiveness and force of pres-
ence. You do not necessarily need beauty to have a high
Appearance; you only need looks that somehow attract others to
you. Appearance encompasses not just actual physical looks, but
poise, animation and expressiveness. It is a measure of how
interesting and attractive you seem to others.

Appearance is vital in any social situation where words are
not exchanged. It is more important than you might think; your
impressions of another are heavily affected by that person's looks,
no matter how open-minded you are.

Appearance is often used by the Storyteller to judge roughly
how others react to you upon a first meeting. Thus, it can affect
all other Social rolls you make involving that person (in some
cases, your rating determines the maximum number of successes


from a Social action that can actually be applied, making it
impossible for an ugly person to achieve anything beyond mini-
mal success).
Specialties: Bold Demeanor, Alluring, Striking Looks, Sexy
. Poor: You tend to attract the hostility of
others.
Average: You are easily ignored, for you fit
in so well with the crowd.
Good: You have a pleasing appearance, and
people treat you well.
Exceptional: Your beauty sets you apart
from your surroundings and commands
respect from others.
Outstanding: Others' first reaction to you is
either awe, intense jealousy or complete
solicitude.
Inhuman: Beauty such as yours has no
natural origin.

MENTAL ATTRIBUTES

The Mental Attributes represent your character's total men-
talcapacity, including such things as memory, perception and the
ability to learn and think.

PERCEPTION

This Trait indicates your awareness of the environment
around you. While Perception is sometimes used consciously,
such as when you search for something, it more often works
intuitively — you simply notice something. At base, Perception
isasensitivity to the world, an open-eyed quality common among
children (for whom the world is a boundless and mysterious
place), and seldom present among the most jaded.

Perception is used to see if you have the insight to under-
stand or realize a certain fact or concept. Itcan help indicate your
degree of alertness to ambushes, the subtext of a noble's speech or
the subtleties of color in a painting.

Specialties: Insightful, Attentive, Paranoid, Keen-Eyed

. Poor: You are blind to anything but the

obvious.

Average: You are unaware of the subtle
interactions that occur around you.

Good: You are aware of moods and textures.
Exceptional: You are constantly alert to the
nuances of life.

Outstanding: You can see a needle ina
haystack.

Inhuman: You note things invisible to the
human eye.

INTELLIGENCE

Intelligence represents both your memory and your ability to
leam and think. It is important when using Abilities that require
complex thought processes. Some people describe Intelligence as
aperson's quickness of mind or judgment, but it is more than that

— itis the facility for understanding and the capacity for reason-
ing and evaluation. Intelligence rates an individual's depth and
flexibility of thought.

Common sense, street savvy and wisdom are not components of
the Intelligence Attribute; these facets of the character are portrayed
by the player. However, low Intelligence can indicate a character
who lacks the capacity to understand complicated thoughts and
learns very slowly — he might see things only in black-and-white
terms and can't understand that things are really shades of gray.

Characters with high Intelligence, on the other hand, are
sophisticated thinkers capable of evaluating many different levels of
an argument or problem. They have discerning judgment and are
well able to separate truth from lies, at least when they have time to
think things over. Intelligence caters to carefully reasoned judg-
ments rather than snap decisions (which are the purview of Wits).

Specialties: Discerning, Creative, Sharp Memory, Knowl-
edgeable, Clear Thinker

. Poor: Bumpkin.

oe Average: You can learn the ins and outs of

your profession.

Good: You could attain moderate skill in
several trades.

Exceptional: You could master a field of
knowledge and pioneer its growth.
Outstanding: Your reasoning and ideas are
far ahead of your time.

Inhuman: The intricacies of your thought
processes cannot even be explained to lessers.

Wits

The Wits Attribute describes your ability to react quickly
and correctly to new situations, as well as your overall sharpness
of mind and cleverness. In the simplest of terms, Wits measures
how quickly (as opposed to correctly) you think. Wits represents
shrewdness, sagacity and the capacity to understand problems in
the simplest terms.

Those with low Wits are occasionally unable to take appro-
priate actions because of surprise. A low Wits rating can indicate
that you are more easily tricked and fooled than most people, for
you are a gullible and unsophisticated student of human (and
vampire) nature. If you have high Wits, you are able to react
quickly to new situations and are seldom caught off guard by
sudden changes in events. Whatever else happens, you are able to
keep your Wits about you.

Specialties: Clever, Shrewd, Practical, Combat Nerves

. Poor: You never doubt your betters.

ee Average: You know when to pull out of a

bad dice game.

Good: You can respond quickly to
accidents or ambushes.

Exceptional: You'd make an excellent
general...or outlaw.

Outstanding: Reynard the Fox

Inhuman: Your reaction speed borders on
precognition.

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


ABILITIES

TALENTS

Talents describe all the untrained and intuitive Abilities.
Talents can never be trained or studied, but can only be learned
through direct experience — usually during a story. If your charac-
ter takes an action using a Talent he does not possess, there is no
effect on your roll. A number of dice equal to the base Attribute are
tolled. Talents are such natural and intuitive Abilities that it is
assumed that everyone has some small capacity in each one.

AcTING

You are practiced at feigning emotions, beliefs or a certain
frame of mind. Ifthe situation calls or it, you can easily play the role
of someone rather different from yourself. However, simply because
you have this Ability does not mean you use it unethically. Honor-
able leaders have used Acting to lend power and depth to their
speeches. You are able to feign tears, anger, friendliness and virtue.

° Novice: A rank amateur, you can feign
sickness.

ee Practiced: You may have been in a passion
play or two.

eee Competent: You could earn a job with a

traveling troupe.

eoee Expert: You could play a part well for days
on end.

oeeee Master: You can become someone else
whenever the mood strikes you.

eeccee

Legend: They'd be fooled even if they could
read your mind.

Possessed by: Traveling Players, Courtiers, Gamblers, Char-
latans, Spies

Specialties: Pretend, Inspirational, Feign Emotions, Reli-
gious Awe, Mimicry

FAALERTNESS

Over the years, you have become practiced in noticing all that
happensaround you, even if you are not actively concentrating upon
the surroundings. This Talent dictates not the ability to search a
specific area, but rather the ability to stay alert for a long period of
time. Alertness simply indicates how aware you are of the world
around you. It describes how much attention you pay to things other
than the rumbling of your belly or the doubts in your mind,

. Novice: You tend to be alert to changes,
moreso than most.

ee Practiced: You are watchful and very
attentive to your surroundings.

eee Competent: You are highly vigilant.

eoee

Expert: You are a truly cautious individual
and rarely let down your guard.

Master: You notice everything that goes on
around you.

Legend: You notice when a flea enters or
leaves the room.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Possessed by: Sentries, Hunters, Burglars, Messengers, Vaga-
bonds
Specialties: Traps, Ambushes, Forests, Crowds, Noises, Para-

noia

ATHLETICS

This Ability describes your general athletic prowess and skill
at physical games. It determines your ability to jump across a
chasm, swim through a storm, throw a rock, vault a fence or climb
atree. Athletics concerns complex motor actions; physical actions
requiring only one type of motor action, such as lifting, do not use
the Athletics score, nor do athletic actions classified under an-
other Ability. (Wrestling, for instance, would fall under Brawl.)

. Novice: Serf

oo Practiced: Squire
Competent: Trained knight
Expert: Skilled juggler or tumbler
Master: Paragon among mortals
Legend: You could have beaten any ancient
Olympian at any event.

Possessed by: Entertainers, Squires, Barbarians, Youths, Elite
Warriors

Specialties: Swimming, Juggling, Tumbling, Dancing,
Thrown Objects

Braw. !

You know how to fight unarmed, as well as with casual
weapons such as pokers and table legs. This Ability includes such
maneuvers as punching, kicking, grappling, throttling, throwing,
gouging and biting. Brawling can get quite ruthless, but generally
it is a nonlethal form of combat.

° Novice: You know what to do, but you
haven't had much experience.

oe Practiced: You know where to hit people
and make it hurt.

eee Competent: Nobody in your village bothers

you anymore.
Expert: You can take a sword away froma
robber with little trouble.
Master: You can wrestle bears to the ground.
Legend: You have mastered techniques
unknown to the greatest fighters of your time.
Possessed by: Soldiers, Bullies, Brigands, Rustics
Specialties: Armlocks, Boxing, Wrestling, Grappling,
Throws, Showing Off

DopcE

The most effective way to win a fight is not to be struck.
Becoming proficient in the Dodge Talent isa very wise choice. Your
score in this area describes your ability to avoid both melee and
missile attacks, which includes divingfor coverand duckingpunches

———

. Novice: You hit the ground if someone
screams, "Look out!"
oe Practiced: You can come out of a fistfight

without many bruises.


> 2

—

Competent: You can anticipate where the
next sword blow is coming from.
Expert: They'd have to be lucky to lay a
hand on you.
Master: You can avoid arrows.
Legend: You dance untouched through great
battles.

Possessed By: Criminals, Scouts, Light Troops, Canny Brawl-
ers, Animal Trainers

Specialties: Leap, Sidestep, Duck, Find Cover, Dive

EMPATHY

You understand and can sympathize with the emotions of others,
and are thus able to respond to them appropriately. You can often
discern the motives behind someone's actions by simply listening to
him. You can also detect when you are being told lies. Empathy has
adown side, however — because you are so open to the feelings of
others you often feel the same emotions as those around you.

. Novice: Gossipy widows feel they can trust
you.

oe Practiced: Occasionally you get sympathetic
pains from others.

eee

Competent: You have an amazing insight
into others' motivations.
Expert: No lies ever get past your scrutiny.
Master: You often finish other people's
sentences.
Legend: You read complicated emotional
textures at a glance.

Possessed by: Gossips, Skilled Merchants, Priests, Parents,
Fortunetellers

Specialties: Emotions, Truths, Family Problems, Personali-
ties, Background Emotion

INTIMIDATION

The art of intimidation comes in many forms, ranging from a
subtle suggestion to outright physical damage. Each method of intimi-
dation has its time and place. You understand the science of being
overbearing and know how to use it to get what you want. People with
high Intimidation scores seem to radiate an aura of authority.

. Novice: Stray dogs cross the street to avoid
you.
oe Practiced: You win an occasional staredown.

Competent: Your gaze is very unsettling.
Expert: You can dominate foreigners on
their home ground.
Master: You can make vicious animals tun
tail and run.
Legend: Demons themselves would quake
in your presence.

Possessed by: Brigands, Witch-Hunters, Sovereigns, Tortur-
ets, Knights

Specialties: Staredowns, Subtle Hints, Overt Violence,
Threats, Political

LARCENY

This Talent actually covers a wide range of criminal activi-
ties, including both knowledge of the physical aspect of skills and
the ability to find and deal with criminal groups. That said, there
isn't much of an organized underworld in medieval Europe. Most
criminalsact alone or with small bands of friends. Cities are simply
too small and communications too poor to support large criminal
syndicates. Only in the largest cities — Venice, Genoa, Paris,
London — might large groups be found.

However, this Talentisstill very useful, both for dealing with
these scattered groups and for committing petty crimes. First and
foremost, Larceny allows you to blend in with the local scene
without drawing attention to yourself. Gossip, felony theft and
street slang are also imparted by using this Talent. Finally, those
skilled at Larceny can perform minor criminal acts involving
sleight of hand (drugging drinks or cutting purses, for instance).

For example, the locks of the Middle Ages may be picked
with Dexterity + Larceny (usually difficulty 8); moving a wax seal
from one document to another requires an Intelligence + Larceny
roll (difficulty 8).

. Novice: You can get through a simple
latched door.
o Practiced: You can spot a careless cutpurse.

Competent: You could make a living at theft.
Expert: You make an excellent burglar,
forger and spy.
Master: You could steal a kingdom's crown
jewels.
Legend: You could borrow the king's eye-
teeth.
Possessed by: Robbers, Beggars, Vagabonds, Traveling Players
Specialties: Picking Pockets, Rumor Mill, Fencing, Slang
Terms, Lockpicking

LEADERSHIP

You can get people to follow your lead and obey your orders
through exerting authority and by example. Leadership isn't so
much knowing the techniques of getting people to follow you as (

eecece

itis being the type of person people will follow. Leadership is often
used in conjunction with Charisma.
. Novice: You could organize a work party.
ee Practiced: Your voice is a dominant one,
and you can demand silence.
Competent: You can rally your neighbors
when the need arises.
Expert: You attract followers without really
trying.
Master: You could be the next
Charlemagne.
Legend: They tend to worship rather than
follow you.
Possessed by: Nobles, Military Officers, Constabulary, ¢
Churchmen
Specialties: Commands, Orate, Compelling, Friendly, Noble,
Military

woe

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER

phy S, =< L

)

re

> \ "A

—


SUBTERFUGE

You know how to conceal your own motives; moreover, you
know how to decipher the motives of others and how to use those
against them. The secrets and intrigues of others interest you, and
you work at understanding theit weaknesses. A command of ths
skill makes you the ultimate conversationalist, or the ultimatespy.

. Novice: You understand tact.
Practiced: You could hold out on the tax
collector.
. Competent: You could woo two women at
once.

Expert: You could sell pig sweat as alkahest
Master: You could, with time, convince
your archenemy to trust you.
eeeeee Legend: They'll never know why the
kingdom really fell.
Possessed by: Courtiers, Charlatans, Wooers, Minstrels, Trav-
eling Players, Spies

Specialties: Finding Weaknesses, Seduction, Selective Omis-
sion, Fast-Talk, Flattery, Changing the Subject

OTHER THLENTS
Search, Guile, Intrigue, Expression, Painting, Sculpture

SKILLS

Skills are all the Abilities that are learned through appren-
ticeships or rigorous training. If you try to use a Skill but have no
rating in it, the difficulty goes up by one. You are simply untrained
in the techniques of that Skill and thus have a harder time
accomplishing the task than someone who has at least some idea
of what he is doing.

ANIMAL KEN

Animals do not behave in the same way that humans do
under the same circumstances. The ability to understand the
actions of animals can come in quite handy. Those characters
skilled in Animal Ken can not only predict the actions of animals,
but can use this knowledge to calm or enrage them. Animal Ken
also is the Skill used to train animals. It is worth noting that many
animals are uneasy around vampires, and Animal Ken is invalu-
able for any Cainite planning to ride horses.

° Novice: You can befriend a domesticated
animal.
oe Practiced: You can teach a dog to come

when you call.
eee Competent: You could train a hunting hound
Expert: You could be the king's own falconer.
Master: You could domesticate a wild animal

ooo Legend: You are one with God's creatures.
Possessed by: Kennel Masters, Falconers, Stablehands, Manor
Lords, Squires, Hermits
Specialties: Dogs, Raptors, Horses, Bears, Farm Animals


ARCHERY

You can fire bows and crossbows. You can also string a bow,
and care for and make minor repairs to bows, crossbows, arrows
and quarrels.
Novice: Your father showed you how.
Practiced: You practiced regularly on the
village green.
Competent: You could find work as a forester.
Expert: You could make extra money at the
archery competitions at local fairs and
tournaments.
Master: Robin Hood or William Tell.
Legend: You can put an arrow through your
enemy's eye on a moonless night.

Possessed By: Foresters, Poachers, Competitors, Militias,
Bandits

Specialties: Target, Forests, Hunting, Moving Target, Quick

Shot

CrarTs

Craft Skills are simply the professional skills most medieval
people have, which they use to survive. Remember that almost
everyone at this time works with their hands. Some may have two
Crafts (e.g., a farmer who also works as a carpenter), but most
specialize in one.

Such Skills often include various petty abilities. So, Farming
doesnot just cover sowing and reaping; it includes handling sheep
and domestic animals, repairing buildings and driving carts.
Goldsmithing allows a character to evaluate gems and metals, to
speculate upon the age of jewelry, etc.

Examples of Craft Skills include Farming (the most com-
mon), Carpentry, Blacksmithing, Glazing, Stonemasonry,
Wheelwright, Tanner, Brewing, Goldsmithing, Dyeing, etc.

. Novice: An apprentice or part-time worker.
Practiced: A newly qualified craftsman or
inexpert farmer.

Competent: An experienced, competent
professional, earning a fair living.

Expert: A respected master craftsman.
Master: An artisan who has elevated his trade
to the level of an art, or a farmer who could
make crops grow through a drought.

Legend: Your finest work is obviously
beyond any human craftsman's powers.

Possessed By: Artisans, Farmers, Townsfolk

Specialties: Detail, Working Quickly, Inventive, Organiza-
tion, Evaluate.

ETIQUETTE

You understand the small nuances of social life and are able
to conduct yourself in a manner that is both unobtrusive and
gracious. You understand how to get along well with mortal
society, whether courtly or rustic. Your specialty is the culture

with which you are most familiar. You use Etiquette during
actions such as dancing, seduction and haggling. Etiquette is also
used when engaging in diplomacy.

. Novice: You know when to shut up.
Practiced: You know how to address a local
lord or alderman.

Competent: You understand the nuances of
courtly manners.

Expert: You could get along with just about
anybody.

Master: You can seat blood enemies at the
same table and keep them happy.

Legend: You could get five Mongols through a
royal Spanish ball without offending anyone.

Possessed by: Envoys, Nobles, Heralds, Courtiers,
Handmaidens

Specialties: Courtly Manners, Street Culture, Peasants, Foreign
Customs

HERBALISM

Important in the Dark Medieval world, this covers the
identification and preparation of herbs for cooking, healing and
harming. You can find, prepare, blend and preserve herbs for any
of these purposes.

Novice: You watched your mother prepare herbs.
Practiced: You learned all your mother knew.
Competent: Village expert

Expert: People come from surrounding

villages to buy your herbs and remedies.

Master: You could make an excellent living

as an apothecary.

Legend: Some whisper you can raise the dead.
Possessed By: Village Wise Women, Cooks, Healers, Bandits
Specialties: Culinary, Medicinal, Poisonous, Narcotic, Herbs

as Charms

MELEE
In the Dark Medieval world, skill in armed combat can be
vital to.a vampire's survival. Proficiency in this Skill allows you to
use hand-held weapons. Melee covers everything from simple
knives, axes and swords to wooden stakes and 20-foot pikes.
Although not every Cainite will have possessed this Ability in life
(lords are often loath to teach their vassals to fight), many learn
it from their sires or other sources afterward.
Novice: You've seen a knife being used.
Practiced: Peasant militia
Competent: Typical knight
Expert: Any weapon is deadly in your grasp.
Master: Lancelot
Legend: No warrior can stand before your
whirling blade.
Possessed by: Soldiers, Militia, Robbers, Lords, Barbarians
Specialties: Swords, Axes, Knives, Clubs, Disarms

eoceee

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


Music

You can create and play music; you know how to play one
instrument for each rating point you have. Of course, the higher
your rating, the better you are at playing your instruments, espe-
cially the first instruments you learned. This is the ability to create
music — the higher your rating, the greater your musical ability.
You should decide what instruments you play.

Typical medieval instruments include the recorder, ham-
mered dulcimer, harp, lute and psaltery.
.

Novice: You can carry a tune and plink out
a chord or two.

Practiced: Your voice stands out during hymns.
Competent: You could make a decent
living as a troubadour.

Expert: Your skill is haunting and memorable.
Master: You could compose before you were
three.

Legend: They say you can sing tears from
the stones.

Possessed by: Minstrels, Singers, Noble Ladies, Monks, Bards
Specialties: Harp, Composition, Lyrics, Chanting, Bawdy Songs

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

ot SOS S

RIDE

Youare able to ride comfortably on a horse, and with practice
might be able to fight from horseback. You can also tell the rough
value of a horse, are familiar with their tack (bridles, saddles, etc.)
and can spot obvious ailments and defects.

eee

Novice: Hang on, shut up, and don't try to
gallop.

Practiced: You can gallop, clear small jumps,
etc.

Competent: You can ride in a hunt or in
battle, jump hedges safely and ride all day
without getting saddle-sore.

Expert: Perfectly at home in the saddle, you
could ride for weeks without discomfort.
Master: If you wanted, you could stand on
the saddle, pluck handkerchiefs from the
ground or perform other flashy tricks.
Legend: You know your horse's capabilities
better than it does, and can make use of them
all at will.

Possessed By: Knights, Squires, Nobility, Messengers, Hunts
men, Officers, Wealthy Merchants, Priests
Specialties: Jumping, Speed, Mounted Combat, Tricks, Forest

ST,


STEALTH

Stealth is the ability to sneak about or hide without being
seen or heard, and is often rolled against another character's
Perception. Stealth is of extreme importance when vampires
engage in the Hunt.

. Novice: You can hide in the dark.

oe Practiced: You can hide in the shadows.

eee Competent: You are an accomplished
hunter.

cooe Expert: You could walk silently over two
inches of dry leaves.

eoeee Master: You could sneak up on a pack of
wolves.

eoecee

Legend: Assamite elder
Possessed by: Burglars, Spies, Scouts, Hunters, Vampires

Specialties: Prowl, Hide, Lurk, Shadows, Crowds, Crawling,
Wilderness

SURVIVAL

The wilderness is a dangerous place, at least for those who do
not understand it. The skill of Survival includes seeking shelter,
finding a direct route through and relative safety in the wilderness,
and tracking. When you use Stealth in the wilderness, you cannot
roll more dice for your Stealth rating than you have in Survival.

. Novice: You can survive a five-mile trek.

oo Practiced: You are familiar with the
wilderness.

eee Competent: You can feed yourself

adequately for long periods of time.

Expert: You are at home in the wild.
Master: You could live off the land for years
‘on end.

Legend: You fear neither desert nor tundra.
Possessed by: Barbarians, Hunters, Bandits, Refugees, Hermits

Specialties: Tracking, Highlands, Edible Plants, Marsh,
Hunting

OTHER SKILLS
Cooking, Boating, Painting, Smithwork, Weaving

KNOWLEDGES

Knowledges include all Abilities that require the rigorous appli-
cation of the mind, not the body, so nothing but Mental Traits can be
wsedtomodify Knowledge rolls. Though the ratings discuss Knowledges
in terms of college degrees, school is not the only way to gain
Knowledges — it is simply the most common. These are scholastic
Abilities for the most part, but self-study or tutoring is also possible.

If you do not have a Knowledge, you cannot even attempt a
nll that involves it. There are exceptions, however, such as when
the Storyteller rules that the roll deals with trivial information
that anyone has a chance of knowing.

ACADEMICS

You understand Latin, can read and write, and have been
taught something of theology and philosophy. This is the stan-
dard medieval education, and requires that you have attended at

leasta cathedral school or monastery. A high rating indicates that
you attended one of the universities, in Paris, Salerno, Oxford or
Bologna. This education did not come cheap. You, your parents
or your guardians obviously had some wealth.

Remember, most medieval people are entirely illiterate. With-
out some understanding of Academics you can neither read nor write.
. Dabbler: You can speak Latin, read and

(kind of) write. You've heard of Aristotle.
ee Student: Your Latin grammar is excellent,
and you have a good grounding in math,
philosophy and theology.
eee Learned: You are well versed in the writings of
learned theologians and pagan philosophers
like Aristotle. y
Scholar: You are qualified to teach in any
university and can debate with the finest
minds in Europe.

eocce Savant: You are a learned theologian and
could teach a thing or two to Aristotle.
eoecee

Visionary: The obscure and forgotten rests
lightly on the tip of your tongue.

Possessed by: Ranking Priests, Monks, Teachers, Scribes,
Royal Administrators

Specialties: Theology, Mathematics, Calligraphy, Metaphys-
ics, Heresy, Grammar

HEARTH WisDOM

Yours is the common wisdom of the peasant, what some
might call "superstition" or "folklore." You may not understand
the complexities of Lupine ways or fae Glamour, but you know
that the simple items (silver, holy water, cold iron, etc.) have
some power over supernatural beings, perhaps more than those
beings would care to admit. You may also be able to use such bits
of knowledge against your vampiric opponents. Hearth Wisdom
can also be used for simple herbal remedies, although it is not as
potent as the Herbalism skill; such remedies will be for minor
aches, fertility, colds and other small things.

Hearth Wisdom carries certain corollaries with it, however.
Folklore can vary from place to place, and what a Russian charac-
ter knows may mean nothing to his Irish friend. Likewise, while a
great deal of folklore may have that kernel of truth in it, the rest
is chaff, and only experimentation may prove which is which.
Most truth-fiction ratios should run about 20/80 or so, more or less
depending the Storyteller and the character. For example, a
Romanian may have lots of stories and superstitions about vam-
pires, but may know almost nothing of faeries. The Occult Ability
accounts for harder facts and the resources to acquire such facts.

. Dabbler: You listened to Granny's fireside
stories.
oe Student: You can recognize a creature when

you hear of it, and learned from your village
wise woman.

oe Learned: People come to you for advice and
simple cures. You are familiar with lore
from neighboring countries, but not well

versed in it.
CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER

Scholar: You are a fountain of lore from your
native culture and one or two others. Some of
that lore comes from personal experience.

eee Savant: Your word is respected, and you
speak with authority about certain denizens
of the shadow world.

seeeee Visionary: Your knowledge, although

cloaked in riddles and stories, is legendary,
and you may be considered a threat by some
supernaturals, including your own kind.
Possessed by: Village Elders, Old Wives, Witches, Wise Women,
Cunning Men, Hermits, Herbalists, Peasants, Mages, Farmers.
Specialties: Irish, German, Scottish, English, French, Scan-
dinavian, Russian, Italian, Eastern European, Jewish, Middle
Eastern, Omens, Cures, Wards, Charms

INVESTIGATION

Youare trained tonotice all sorts of details others might miss,
and at high levels may function as a detective. This Knowledge
also reflects a character's ability to do research, both in libraries
(rare) and through questioning.

. Dabbler: You'd notice the footprints on the
stable floor.

oo Student: You can get information by
buying a few drinks.

eee Learned: You can tell an accidental fire

from a deliberate one.
Scholar: You catch minutiae with a brief
scan of the room.
Savant: Brother Cadfael
Visionary: You could make a living at
tracking down Assamites and Nosferatu.
Possessed by: Spies, Constables, Tax Collectors, Abbots,
Bounty Hunters
Specialties: Search, Prowl, Locate Informant, Monastery
Records, Shadowing

Law

Prisons do not exist as a formal institution, and a criminal's
rights are often whatever the local authorities feel like granting.
This Knowledge allows characters to know what is locally illegal
and how severely infractions are punished. More often, this
Knowledge allows local judges, officials and rulers to settle
disputes over property and the like. In a feudal society, the laws
of ownership are of paramount importance.

. Dabbler: Practical knowledge; city guard
. Student: Caprain of the guard
aoe Learned: Town official

Scholar: Experienced judge
Savant: King Solomon
Visionary: Hammurabi was a pretender next
to you.
Possessed by: Constabulary, Judges, Criminals, Sovereigns
Specialties: Courts, Local Law, Punishments, Criminal,
Laws of Ownership, Nobles' Rights

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

LinculsTics
It is assumed that you can speak your natural language, but you
must purchase any other languages you wish your character to speak.
For each level of Linguistics, your character may fluently speak
another language. However, Linguistics also gives a character an
understanding of the structure of language, which is in turn the basis
of thought. With this Ability, you can identify accents. Youalsohave
a chance of figuring out phrases from languages related to the
languages you know. For instance, you might be able to deciphersome
vulgar French (a Romance language) if you know Latin. NOTE: You
do not need to purchase this to speak Latin if you have Academics.
. Dabbler: One additional language.
Student: Two additional languages.
Learned: Three additional languages.
Scholar: Four additional languages.
Savant: Five additional languages.
© Visionary: Eight additional languages.
Possessed by: Travelers, Scholars, Diplomats, Interpreters
Specialties: Curse Words, Technical, Diplomatic, Political

MEDICINE

Medieval medicine is very primitive by modern standards.
Even the simplest internal surgery has a difficulty factor of 9. In
practical terms, this Knowledge is only useful for basic "frst aid" —
stopping bleeding, treating burns — and for simple procedures lke
treating fractures, fevers or stopping wounds from festering.

. Dabbler: You know alittle about binding wounds.

oo Student: Youcan bleed someone with little risk.

eee Learned: You can diagnose and treat simple
illnesses.

eee

Scholar: You can deliver a child and rarely
lose the mother.
Savant: You could advance medicine to
the next level in your area of expertise.
Visionary: Your healing arts are so great some
whisper you have a pact with the Devil.
Possessed by: Apothecaries, Midwives, Barbers, Field Surgeons
Specialties: Herbs, Poison Treatment, Battle Wounds, Disease,
Leeching, Childbirth, Petty Surgery, First Aid, Diagnosis

Occutr

This Knowledge is a catch-all dealing with local folklore,
arcane texts, ancient legends and most other forms of supernatural
facts and hearsay. This understanding of the more sinister side of the
world includes knowledge of curses, rituals, magic and mysticism,
and contains much that is only speculation and fantasy. This
Knowledge is of the utmost interest to many vampires, and pursuit
of this Knowledge may indeed become a major facet of your chronicle.
A4or5 rating indicates a deep understanding of vampires and other
aspects of the occult (mostly what is patently false).

. Dabbler: You've heard some tales.
oe Student: You listen to the local wise woman's
rambling.

Learned: You've found proof to back up
some of your beliefs.


see Scholar: You have found great secrets hidden
among the dross.

| Savant: Fully initiated in many of the great
mysteries. You don't need your sire to tell
you what's going on!
eeeeee Visionary: You can recite verbatim what

even magicians believe to be lost.
Possessed by: Heretical Scholars, Vampires, Pagans, Hedge
Wizards, Kabbalists
Specialties: Vampires, Witches, Mystical Powers, Cults,
Ancient Wisdom, The Kabbala

Pourics
| ThisKnowledge provides a familiarity with the politics of the
day, including the people in charge and how they got there. It can

beapplied to almost any organization, from the Church toa local
gaol. This can be an essential Ability when attempting to deal
with mortal authorities in any way. This Ability even has some
influence on being a capable politician yourself. Long familiarity
with a subject can sometimes give one ideas...

. Dabbler: Casual observer

Student: Local herald
Leamed: Aspiring heir
Scholar: Courtier
Savant: Eminence grise
Visionary: You know when the rebellions
will come.

|W) 11.) 7-8

Possessed by: Lords, Courtiers, Heralds, Jesters

Specialties: Feudalism, City, Religious, Heraldry, Vampiric
Hierarchies

SCIENCE
You have at least a basic understanding of metallurgy,
botany, biology, engineering and astronomy. Your knowledge is
tempered by local beliefs and superstitions; still, youhave enough
practical learning to be in demand.
. Dabbler: You've been apprenticed to a smith
or monk.

ee Student: You studied the illustrations in
the abbey's library.
ooo Learned: You know about basic fortification and

area local authority on the animals of the forest.
eeee Scholar: You can design effective siege

engines (and ways to stop them).

Savant: Alchemists' hopes everywhere ride
on your shoulders.
Visionary: You are truly ahead of your time,
and would do well in the Renaissance.
Possessed by: Alchemists, Engineers, Hermits, Architects,
Metalsmiths, Eastern Scholars
Specialties: Biology, Astronomy, Botany, Astrology, Metal-
lurgy, Engineering

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER

SENESCHAL

During your breathing days (or perhaps in your unlife), you
were responsible for managing and maintaining a household or
organization. Maybe you were Mother Superior or the abbot of a
convent or monastery, or you might have been the chief steward
of a nobleman. Perhaps you maintained a cathedral, or you were
simply the lady of the house. This reflects your knowledge and
experience in balancing the books, keeping inventory of the
larder and wine cellar, managing the servants, entertaining
guests, keeping the house and lands in good repair, and in general
making certain that the household, abbey, cathedral, guildhouse
or whatever was in good running order. Even a farmer might have
some similar ability in making sure there was enough money for
rent and keeping his farm in order.

Along with the attendant experience, this Knowledge may
allow you to evaluate how another household is running (and to
spot and correct problems), appraise quality of trade goods or
entertain a guest even if you're not in your usual household.

. Dabbler: You can keep a smaller place
running without too many problems, and
know how much money is available.
Student: You can balance your books and
budget for expenses, and guests are never a |
problem.

Learned: You can handle a larger house=
hold with no one assisting you, and your guests
always have a good night.

Scholar: You can manage a large household
or series of smaller households with no
trouble.

Savant: You can keep your house running
even during the most difficult times, and
your superiors consider you indispensible.
Visionary: Your abilities to handle crises
and manage your household are the talk of
your social stratum, and other seneschals look
to you as an example.

Possessed by: Innkeepers, Noblewomen, Wives, Chief Stew-
ards, Seneschals

Specialties: Kitchens, Hostels, Noble Households, Account
ing, Innkeeping, Taverns, Religious Orders

OTHER KNOWLEDGES

Astrology, Philosophy, Cartography, Navigation, History,
Theology

BACKGROUNDS

Cuius regio eius religio.

(He who controls the area controls the religion.)

— Anonymous Latin proverb

Background Traits describe the special advantages of your
character. However, you must determine why and how you came
to possess these particular Traits. Where did you get your re-

VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES

sources? What kind of contacts do you have? Where doesall of this
influence come from? Make sense out of your Background Traits
and integrate them into your character concept.

You can make rolls using these Traits to obtain information,
resources or favors. Frequently, these Background Traits are used
in conjunction with an Attribute, such as rolling Charisma +
Influence to set the constabulary on a rival, or Wits + Resources
to tap into your cousin's treasury.

ALLIES

Yourallies are mortals who help and support you— they could
be family, friends or even an organization with which you are
friendly. Allies have their own lives to live, so they are not at your
beck and call, but they often have influence in the community and
access to their own contacts or resources. An ally is ultimately a
mortal whom you have befriended, and who protects and aids you
out of love or common interest. Be sure to rationalize how itis that
you keep contact with your allies if you can only be active at night.

For each point of Allies that you have, consider yourself to
have one ally. This individual is a person of influence in the city
where you live. Anally could be a sheriff, a town councilor oreven
(if your rating is a 4 or 5) the burgomeister himself.

Allies are generally very trustworthy and loyal. However, it
requires time and energy to maintain the alliance, for the friends
expect the aid of the character in return in time of need. Though
they likely do not know you are a vampire, they may know
something of your powers and thus may come to you for favors.
This is often an excellent means for a story to begin.

. One ally, of moderate influence and power.
Two allies, both of them of moderate power.
Three allies, one of them quite influential.
Four allies, one of them very influential.
Five allies, one of them extremely influential.

ConTACTS

You know people from many different walks of life, and they
comprise a system of information and help that could come in very
handy some day.

Contacts are not only the people youcan manipulate or bribe
to get information, but friends whom you can really count on
(major contacts) to provide you with accurate information (in
their areas of expertise). You should describe your major contacts
as complete characters, either as the chronicle progresses or
beforehand. You also have a number of minor contacts spread
through the city. When you wish to get in touch with a minor
contact, make a roll using your Contacts rating against a difficulty
of 7. Each success means you have made successful contact with
‘one of your minor contacts; of course, you will need to bribe ot
charm her into giving you needed information.

. One major contact

oe Two major contacts
Three major contacts

Four major contacts
Five major contacts


GENERATION

Starting vampires in a Dark Medieval chronicle are assumed
to be 12th generation. Although this may seem unusually far
removed from Caine, it is assumed that the conditions that
support the Dark Ages' vampiric population have prompted
vampires to sire many childer. Characters of earlier generations
will have serious repercussions on the tone of the chronicle, and
itis up to the Storyteller to decide whether a character may take
this Background at all. A player should not assume that her
Storyteller will allow earlier-generation vampires.

If your Storyteller does allow this Background, these are the
advantages for each rank:

Eleventh generation
Tenth generation
Ninth generation
Eighth generation
Seventh generation

Herp
You have built a group of mortals from whom you can feed

without fear. This herd also helps protect you and can be used to
perform a number of different services. However, the herd is not as
tightly controlled or as loyal as are retainers, and is not as closely
connected to you as are allies. Ultimately, the Herd describes only
the number of vessels you have readily available. Your Herd rating is
added to your Hunt rolls, as described in Chapter Nine.

3 Vessels

7 Vessels

15 Vessels

30 Vessels

60 Vessels

INFLUENCE

Influence denotes a character's ability to sway the mortal
world. However, it has its limitations. Few things happen during
the night in medieval society. Major nobles may hold nighttime
feasts and revels, and peasant celebrations may carry on after
dark, but generally the night is a time for private pursuits and for
sleep — and there are no phones, faxes, computer nets or mail
services with which to manipulate events at a distance. How is a
vampire going to influence mundane society?

To make use of this Background, a character may have to
combine it with another Background like Retainers or Allies. A
character would usually require ghouls or other mortal pawns as
intermediaries when exploiting this Background.

Also remember that Influence in the medieval world is often
highly compartmentalized. A respected monk may have influ-
ence within the Church, for example, but not among merchants.
A town mayor might be despised by the local nobility. A baron
need not have any influence with the Church. Work out exactly

where the character's Influence derives from (a reputation for
wisdom? powerful relatives? etc.), and keep that in mind when
using this Background in your stories.
° Moderately influential; you have some sway
in a town.
Well-entrenched; a factor in a city's politics.
Position of influence; you have some power
in a barony or several strong parishes.
Broad personal power; you can partially
sway a county or diocese.
Vastly influential; your suggestions might
even reach the king's ears.

MENTOR

This Trait describes one or more elders (your sire?) who look
after you. Each rating point of Mentor you possess describes how
powerful your mentor is in the community of the Cainites. Your
mentor could simply be a vampire who has learned her way around
the land, or an ancient who has garnered huge amounts of power in
both the mortal and immortal worlds. Your mentor can give you
advice, protect you from other elders, caution you when you intrude
on the affairs of other elders and inform you of opportunities for
power and advancement.

Often a mentor is your sire, though it can be any vampire who
has taken interest in you. If your mentor is powerful, it might not be
a single person, but a group. Thus, a coterie could be a mentor, as
could the ruling council of a clan. Tremere often have the Mentor
Background Trait because of the aid they receive from their elders.

A mentor may expect to receive something in return for the
aid she provides. Though she may simply enjoy your company, in
time of need she may call upon her "apprentice." This may begin
anumber of excellent stories. In general, however, you do receive
more than you need to give out.

. Mentor is an ancilla and of little influence.

Mentor is an elder and is well respected.
Mentor holds strong influence in the city.
Mentor is a prince, and has much power
over the city.

Mentor has great power beyond her domain.

RESOURCES

A medieval person's assets are unlikely to be static. Most
peoples' Resources will be land and animals, which must be
farmed to generate revenue. Merchants must trade. Nobles must
collect taxes and dues. And of course, all these activities take
place in daylight in the medieval world. Realizing assets (selling
animals, for example) also requires that the person be able to
move about during the day. Tricky.

There are no medieval investment funds or stockbrokers. If
a character has Resources, she must either manage her assets in
person (hard to do at night) or employ a bailiff (manager); in this

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


case, think about and develop the character's relationship with
her proxy. It is also worth specifying roughly what these resources
are. Farm animals? Land? Trade goods?

On the other hand, medieval vampires are unlikely to have
much use for money. They might want weapons, or cash to pay
bribes, but what do they need? They don't need food (on which
medieval craftsmen spend 90% of their income), don't need to
spend money running a car and are unlikely to pay rent. Markets
and traders are only open during daylight hours, so vampires
without mortal servants won't even be able to buy anything.

. Scant resources: You have just enough to
afford the bare necessities — shoes and
clothes when yours wear thin — but
nothing more.

oo Sufficient resources: You can meet your
basic requirements and still have one or
two shillings spare per month.

Comfortable: You might own a small house
and have some means of making a
comfortable living. You eam five Librum per
year (about average), all spending money.
Consequently, youhave ive shillingsper month.
If you sold up and moved out you would get no
more than five Librum.

eeee

Wealthy: You have a large house or small
manor. You might own a village or you
might be a wealthy merchant. You could
afford to keep a horse, and you certainly
have a few servants. (How will you keep
your secret from them? Those that will stay
loyal to you regardless should be counted as
retainers.) In addition, you have five shillings
per month. In total, your estate is worth
around 400 Librum.

Vast Wealth: You might own a castle and
vast tracts of land (10-20 entire villages), or
run a huge trading empire. If you can work
out a way to exploit these resources, you
could maintain a huge household,
including stables, servants, etc., and still
have one Librum per month to spend. The
estate would be worth thousands of Librum,
if you could find anyone wealthy enough to
buy it.

RETAINERS

You have one or more servants and assistants who are your
loyal and steadfast companions. Retainers may be ghouls who are
bound by the Blood Oath to you, individuals whom you have so
Dominated over the years that they are incapable of independent
action, or individuals whom you have so overwhelmed with your
Presence that they would do anything for you. Ghouls are treated
as mortals or animals with Potence 1, who may use the Cainite
blood they drink much as vampires do.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Retainers must always be controlled in some way, either
through asalary, through the donation of your blood or throughthe
direct control of their minds. They may not always be loyal, though
typically they are. If given the chance, they may betray you,
depending on how well they have been treated.

Retainers should not be supermen, even if they are ghoul.
Each should have a weakness. For instance, one retainer might be
very loyal, but not very skilled. Another retainer might be very
powerful, but have a very independent mind. No retainer should
ever be the perfect bodyguard; nothing is that easy in Vampire:
The Dark Ages. Retainers are meant to be characters in and of
themselves, something to add flavor to the chronicle. Do not let
them be abused.

° One retainer
oe Two retainers
Three retainers

Four retainers
Five retainers

Stratus

You have something of a reputation and a standing within the
Cainite community. It is usually determined by your sire's Status
and the respect your particular clan is due.

The more Status you have, the less ill-treated you are by the
elders, and the more respected you are. Status is sometimes used
in rolls with Social Traits and reflects your prestige in such
instances.

. Known: a neonate
oe Respected: an ancilla
ooo High status: an elder

Powerful: an advisor to the prince.

e e Luminary: a prince

O conscience, upright and stainless, how bitter a sting to thee
isa little fault!

—Dante Alighieri, Purgatorio

A character's Virtues describe his orientation on life and his
essential integrity and moral strength. These Traits are intended to
help you understand and direct your characters, not force a certain
action upon them. However, a vampire isa creature of great passion,
and sometimes Virtue rolls are required, with failure indicating that
the character cannotavoid going intoa frenzy, has lost ground tothe
Beast or is not brave enough to conquer terrifying circumstances.

Your character's Road will determine his Virtues: whetherhe
believes in Conscience or Conviction, or whether he relieson Sel.
Control or Instinct. Courage is universal; no Road can value
cowardice and survive long. (Note: For those players used to the
morality codes for the Sabbat for Vampire: The Masquerade,
Conviction and Instinct are not the same as Callousness and
Instincts. Like everything about the Paths of Enlightenment, the
Sabbat Virtues were codified long after the Dark Ages, based partly
on the Virtues and Roads of previous ages.)


CONSCIENCE/CONVICTION

Conscience and Conviction are Traits of self-awareness
which enable you to evaluate your own conduct. The judgments
made by Conscience stem from your attitudes, ideals and morals.
Similarly, Conviction details your ability to remain reasonable in
the face of suffering or need. They are internalized prescriptions
of self-worth and the voice of the real self — not the fagade you
might present to the world. These rolls are made to determine
whether you lose ground along your Road by committing immoral
(for your Road, that is) acts. A character with high Compassion
will feel remorse; a Cainite with high Conviction will recognize
her trespass and attempt to overcome it.

. Chaste/Steady
Moral/Sure
Just/Determined

. Charitable/Committed

Remorseful/Dedicated

SELF-CONTROL/INSTINCT

These Traits represent the amount of control or influence you
have over your emotions. Self-Control represents your discipline,
your self-mastery. Those with high Self-Control rarely surrender
theirreason. Instinct is your ability to "ride the Beast," so to speak. It
allows vampire to put frenzy aside in the name of self-preservation.

Self-Control and Instinct are used to resist going intoa frenzy.
When you use either Virtue, you can never roll more dice than the
foints you currently have in your Blood Pool. Quite simply, the
hungrier you are, the harder it is to resist. (See the Frenzy section
of Chapter Seven for more information.)

. Calm/Rudimentary instinct
Temperate/Intuitive
Disciplined/Animalistic
Hardened/Visceral

. . Total self-mastery/Primal
CouRAGE

Courage is a quality of the mind that enables you to stand fast
inthe face of opposition, hardship or danger. Courage is used toresist
runningaway in terror from thingsa vampire instinctively fears, such
sthe sun, fire ora cross held by a person with holy powers. (See the
Rotschreck section of Chapter Seven for more information.)

. Bold

eo Dauntless
Steadfast
Gallant
Valorous

oe
Via SCORE

The basic reason to preserve your character's Via rating is
simple: ifhis Via ever falls to zero, he becomes a monster under the
Storyteller's control. Permanently. Of course, there are other
texons, For instance, you cannot roll more dice in any Empathy
ullthan you have in your Via score. The fewer Via points you
, the deeper you sleep, and the more difficult it is for you to
vake up in an emergency. You also tend to go into a frenzy more

‘

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER

often in stressful situations, as you find it difficult to control your
primal instincts when you are in danger. The actions you take
when in frenzy could lead you to lose even more Via points.

This Trait can be seen as what separates a vampire froma
human. Vampires with high Via ratings are closest to human (a
distinct from humane). Those far behind on their Road are bestial
and monstrous, and not by choice.

EFFECTS OF THE ROADS

© Toa large extent, a Via rating determines how humana
vampire appears and how easily she can pass for human in the
general populace. The farther back along a Road a character i,
the more bestial she appears.

© Vampires tend to sleep very deeply and, even if there i
danger, can be difficult to wake up. During the day, especialy afte
being awakened, you cannot roll more dice on any roll for any
action than your character's Via rating. See the Awakenings
section for more information on how the Roads affect activities
during the day.

© Roads directly affect Virtue rolls when you attempt to ress
going into frenzy. You cannot roll more dice than your character's Via
rating. Therefore, as you sink into the abyss of bestiality, you cannot
long resist the call of the wild. As the Road is lost, the character comes
slowly closer to the day when he loses all self-control.

© The length of time spent in torpor is also directly affected
by the Via rating. The fewer the character's Via points, the longer
he remains in torpor.

THE ForKING PATH

Sometimes, a character's philosophy evolves enough during
play to warrant a change of Road. If the Storyteller and player agree
that such a change is appropriate, the Cainite may move to a
different Road. (For obvious reasons, a vampire cannot spend ani
real time "between" Roads. Such indecisiveness is fodder for th
Beast.) Ifthe new Road uses the same Virtuesas the previous one, th.
character's new Via score is worked out as if the character was newh
created (i.e., all dots gained from experience or freebie points ate
lost). Ifa Virtue changes, then the new Virtue starts with one dotan\
cannot be raised higher for at least three sessions. Such a dramatic
change in philosophy takes some getting used to.

For example, the Ravnos Taltin began play on the Road o!
Paradox. However, constant exposure to mortals has begun «
soften him, and his personal ethics are beginning to lean toward the
Via Humanitatis. His player and Storyteller agree that this chang:
would be appropriate, and Taltin moves to the Human Road. Since
his new Road prizes Conscience and Self-Control, and the Vi
Paradocis valued Conviction and Self-Control, his Conviction
must change. His new Virtue of Conscience starts at one dot. Hi
Self-Control, however, can remain at the four dots it previous)
possessed. Taltin now has a score of 5 on the Road of Humanity

DEGENERATION

Sometimes a character will take an immoral action, either
willfully or despite her best intentions (while in a state of frenzy
Insuch cases, the Beast might take alittle more control ofhersou!


Road Rating
10

9

| Roa OF THE BEAST

Minimum Wrongdoing

for Conviction roll
Attacking a clearly superior
foe.
Not challenging a clearly
weak leader for leadership.
Killing for any reason other
than survival.
Avoiding contact with nature
or wild animals.
Needless torture.
Making a sacrifice for
someone unrelated to you.
Refusing to kill when
important to your survival.
Failing to defend your
territory.

Showing mercy to a dire
enemy.

Abstaining from feeding
when hungry.

Road Rating

0

reo

ROAD OF CHIVALRY

Minimum Wrongdoing
for Conscience roll

Failing to assist mortals in need.
Treating a peer with disrespect.

Placing personal desire above duty.

Breaking your word to a clanmate
or peer.

Failing to assist clanmates or peers
in need.

Striking an unarmed opponent.
Failing to provide hospitality to
another Cainite.

Treating a superior with disrespect.

Breaking your word to your lord
or prince.
Breaking a sacred oath.

Roap oF BLoop
Road Score

10

9

Minimum Wrongdoing

for Conviction Roll
Breaking your word of honor
to a clanmate.

Failing to assist or avenge
acclanmate; revealing clan
secrets to outsiders.

Placing personal desires or
ambition above duty.

Not killing a non-Assamite
vampire when there is need.
Failing to pursue blood or
knowledge in the face of
minor danger.

Breaking your word of honor
toa mortal.

Being disrespectful to clan
leaders; not pursuing greater
knowledge of Hagim's teachings.
Failing to pursue vampire blood
or knowledge of Caine when.
there is moderate danger.
Succumbing to frenzy.

Ignoring an opportunity to
obtain vampire blood of a
lower generation than your
own, no matter the cost.

ROAD OF THE DEVIL

Road rating

10
9

Minimum wrongdoing

for Conviction roll
Refusing to sire new vampires.
Failing to pursue a new form
of pleasure.
Failing to ride the wave of a
frenzy.
Avoiding injury to others at
the cost of your own pleasure.
Refusing to murder humans
when it would be in your
best interest.
Refusing to commit cruel acts
that are in your best interest.
Refusing to tempt the virtuous
when opportunity awaits.
Turning down a chance for
material gain.
Acting altruistically.
Aiding servants of virtue, God,
or similarly opposed powers.

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


Roap oF HUMANITY

Road Score

10

BH NeLERUATIHO

Minimum Wrongdoing
for Conscience roll
Accidental wrongdoing.
Purposeful wrongdoing.
Purposeful infliction of injury.
Theft and robbery.
Unmeditated murder.
Wanton destruction.
Deliberate cause of injury.
Sadism and perversion.
Meditated murder.
Only the most heinous
and demented acts.

Roap oF HEAVEN
Road Rating Minimum Wrongdoing
for Conscience Roll

10 Failing to show respect to the
Church (or similar institution).

9 Failing to speak out against
corruption, sin, greed, pride, etc.

8 Being motivated by pride,
avarice, gluttony (e.g., for blood)
or some other sinful impulse.

7 Theft, robbery, willful vandalism.

6 Causing harm to a pious and
virtuous person.

5 Feeding from an innocent
without permission.

4 Blasphemous o heretical acts.

3 Allowing a crime or major sin
to go unpunished.

p The murder of an innocent
(ie., not a sinner or
criminal) without any cause.

1 Aiding a demon, Infernalist,
Setite or other supernatural
servant of evil.

Road score

10

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Roap oF PARADOX

Minimum wrongdoing

for Conviction roll
Refusing to commit diablerie
upon an elder of another clan.
Refusing to lead a "locked"
being into the light — or
into destruction.
Showing any concem for mortals.
Failing to acquire items or
knowledge that would affect
reality.
Failing to trick others when
the opportunity arises.
Being caught altering another's
reality via the select redistribution
of possessions (known among the
vulgar as stealing).
Refusing to destroy an
empowered device.
Actively joining or maintaining
an existing Cainite power
structure.
Actively hindering change.
Actively inducing boredom.

RoaD OF TYPHON

Road score

10

Minimum wrongdoing

for Conviction roll
Attempting to maintain any
sense of self-control, purity
or worth.

Refusing to succumb to one's
own weaknesses (this includes
attempting to avoid frenzy
or Rotschreck).

Failing to destroy a vampire
in Golconda.

Destroying a foe expediently
and mercifully rather than
"poetically".

Failing to undermine the
current social order in favor
of the Setites.

Failing to replace faith with
cynicism and despair.
Failing to exploit another's
weaknesses.

Allowing one's feelings for a
mortal to override the need
to corrupt said mortal.
Refusing to corrupt a vampire
for the Setites.

Not attempting to awaken
Set at the earliest opportunity.

» Wa fb


Controlling the loss of Via points is one of the most important
elements of the Storyteller's role. If she lets the players get away with
anything, then the whole fabric of the game is destroyed. Con-
versely, if she's too strict, the chronicle will last about three game
sessions. These rules are open to interpretation and adjusting, but
should never fall by the wayside.

Whenever a character takes an action which the Storyteller
believes to be morally questionable (according to his Road), she
may decide it is serious enough to warrant a loss of Via score. A
degeneration roll is made by rolling Conscience or Conviction,
whichever the character has. The difficulty is commonly 6,
though it can vary at the Storyteller's discretion.

Ifthe playersucceeds in the roll by getting even one success, then
thecharacter does not lose the Via point. Ifhe fails the roll, or botches,
then the character loses both a point of Conscience/Conviction and
apoint on his Road. A botch also indicates the character gains a
Derangement from the mental trauma involved in such a loss.

REMORSE

The Storyteller should always try to warn a player before she
takesan action that will result in her character losing ground on her
Road. Players should understand the consequences of what they are
doing and be able to savor the anticipation if there is a chance they
might not be able to do anything about it (say, they're in a frenzy).
When the players get complacent and think they can get away with
anything, that's when the Storyteller should start to warn them.
However, the Storyteller should never cry wolf by warning them
and then not calling for a roll.

Tue HIERARCHIES OF SIN

It stands to reason that a character with a score of 3 on the
Road of Humanity is less humane than one with ascore of 10. The
vampire with a high Via score is always very advanced his their
chosen morality. However, the farther one goes, the harder it is
to keep to the path. The Cainite with a 10 will need to make
Virtue checks for even trivial infractions of his Road's ethics; he
must be a paragon of his code to keep as far from the Beast as he
does. But the vampire with a 3 on the Human Road will only lose
round by committing decidedly cruel acts.

The Hierarchies of Sin are rough guides to help the Story-
teller and players know what sort of actions will require a
Conscience or Conviction roll. The charts list the minimum
wrongdoing that merits a roll. The Storyteller, as always, is the
linal arbiter of such things. He may ask a player to roll for
degeneration even when the rules do not require it. The players
should trust their Storytellers in this.

WILLPOWER

Willpower measures how capable a character is at overcom-
ing the urges and desires that may tempt her. However, unlike
ther Traits, it is not something you roll (at least not often);
Willpower is something that you use up. When you use a point of
Willpower, you remove it from the character's Willpower Pool
(the squares), not from the Willpower rating (the circles). The
ating stays constant, while the Pool gets used up during the story.

Willpower from the Willpower Pool goes up and down a
great deal during a story. It decreases by one every time the player
uses a Willpower point to do something extraordinary, such as to
retain self-control or gain an automatic success. Eventually, the
character will have no Willpower left, and will no longer be able
to exert himself the way he once did. The character is mentally
exhausted and can't rouse himself enough to give a damn — he's
expended all his Willpower.

. Weak
Timid
Unassertive
Diffident
Certain
Confident
Strong
Controlled
Iron-willed
Unshakable

sinc WILLPOWER

Willpower is one of the most active Traits in Vampire: The
Dark Ages, simply because there are so many different ways to
employ, regain and change it. Willpower is such a focus of the
game that you will be paying a lot of attention to it, so you had
better understand the following rules:

* A Willpower point can be used to give you one automatic
success in an action. Only one point of Willpower can be used in this
way on a single turn, but it gives you a single guaranteed success. In.
this fashion it is possible to succeed automatically in any simple
action, merely by concentrating. For extended rolls, the extra success
can make the critical difference between success and failure. There
are some situations in which the Storyteller may not allow such a.use
of Willpower. Only vampires may use Willpower in this way.

© On some occasions, the Storyteller may tell you that your
character does something because of instinct, primal urge or gut
reaction. ("You run away from the window in mortal terror as the
sunlight streams through.") You can use a point of Willpower to
avoid this so you can doas you please. However, the feeling might
return, and another Willpower point might be required. Some-
times it will return more times than you have Willpower, while
other times you may completely overcome the urge.

¢ When one of your Derangements is about to cause you to
take a course of action you would rather not do, a Willpower point
can be used to control yourself. However, each time you attempt
to overcome the Derangement, another Willpower point must be
spent. Eventually, if enough Willpower points are spent, the
Derangement is overcome permanently. This is the only way
Derangements can be overcome, though this is not effective ona
Malkavian's initial Derangement.

Willpower can only be increased permanently by the expen-
diture of experience points, but the Willpower Pool can go
through enormous changes during a story. Discussed below are the
various ways Willpower can change.

CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER


RECOVERING WILLPOWER

Characters recover their Willpower Pool whenever they are able
to rest or get a chance to restore their self-confidence. It is up to the
Storyteller to decide when and how a character recovers Willpower.

Listed below are the three different ways in which a character
can regain Willpower. This does not have anything to do with the
Willpower rating (which can be changed only with experience).

© At the end of the story (not a game session), characters
regain their Willpower —all of it returns, up to the amount of the
Willpower rating. The Storyteller may wish to restrict them
somewhat by insisting the characters attain some modicum of
self-pride or achieve moderate success in the story.

E.g.: The story ends with a partial stalemate. You didn't get
everything you were after, but didn't embarrass yourself either.
Recover all your Willpower.

* (Optional) You achieve some special success during the
story that the Storyteller judges would cause the character to
recover her self-confidence (and thusall orsome of her Willpower).

E.g.: You rescue your husband from the fire consuming your
mortal house. Regain three Willpower points.

* (Optional) Fulfill some criterion of the character's chosen
Archetype, thus regaining from | to 3 Willpower points, subject
to Storyteller judgment. This must be achieved through
roleplaying, and approved by the Storyteller.

E.g.: As a Penitent, you give the riches you took from the
bandits to a recent (and surviving) victim of yours. Regain two
Willpower for your contrition.

If none of the options above suits your style of play, consider
allowing the characters to regain one point of Willpower after
they wake up each evening. It's asimple way to organize it because
they are already subtracting a point from the Blood Pool, and it
guarantees a steady recovery of Willpower.

Bioop Poot

This is simply a measure of how much blood a vampire has in
his system. The Blood Pool can be empty, which means that the
character has used up all available blood in his body system. He will
then lose a Health Level the next time the rules require him to lose
a Blood Point (such as when a night passes). In other words, when
the Blood Pool is empty, the character may not use Blood Points.

Blood Pool is an important factor in all Self-Control/In-
stinct rolls. You may never roll more dice on any roll involving
the Self-Control/Instinct Trait than you currently have as a
rating in your Blood Pool. Thus if you only have three Blood
Points left, you can only roll three dice to avoid going into frenzy,
even if your Self-Control is 4. This reflects the negative influence
hunger has on Self-Control/Instinct.

The size of your character's Blood Pool depends entirely on
her generation.

Usine Bioop Poor

Every night of existence uses up one Blood Point (scratch it
off after a day of sleep). However, characters can decide to use
Blood Points for other purposes. The number of Blood Points a
character can use per turn is determined by her generation, though
the effect is cumulative over a number of turns.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

* One Blood Point can be spent to restore one Health Level,
but only if the character is at rest and inactive. It takes one tum
to heal one Health Level.

© One Blood Point can add one point to a specific Physical
Attribute (Strength, Dexterity or Stamina). The player must
announce the expenditure of a Blood Pool point, and for the
remainder of the scene she gains one extra die. Only one Blood
Point can be used per turn, but the effects accumulate over a
number of turns as more Blood Points are used. After three tums
and three Blood Points, a character could have +2 Strength and
+1 Dexterity. Of course, Cainites of lower generations can often
spend more blood in a turn.

A vampire can give a portion of her Blood Pool to another,
thus enabling him to restore Health Levels or take special actions.
This necessitates slashing open an artery and letting the other
character drink from it. Some characters may frenzy and attemptto
drink more than they should, so this action can be somewhat
dangerous. Additionally, if this is the third time someone has drunk
acertain Cainite's blood, he will become the donor's Thrall unless
he is already currently under the Blood Oath to another vampire.

When a character drinks the blood of an animal or human, she
gainsnourishment—essential fora vampire to live. This isdescribed
in the game as Blood Pool. If a character's Blood Pool is full, she is
sated and cannot benefit from drinking more. Ifa vampire drinksall
of a person's blood, that person will die. If more than half is drunk,
the person will need to be hospitalized and will perhaps die (mortals
drop one Health Level for each point of blood lost).

GxINING BLoop Poot

When a vampire drinks the blood of a human or an animal
she is able to add blood to her Blood Pool. Up to three points
blood can be drained in one turn. The shorter the turn, the les
leisurely the character is taking the sustenance. Many Cainites
drink very slowly so as to eke more pleasure out of the experience
Ie is impossible to take more than three points of blood in three
seconds (the shortest an action turn gets).

Source Blood Pool size
Vampire 10-50
Lupine 25
Average Human 10

Cow 6

Child 5
Hound 4

Sheep 4

Pig 4

Cat 3

Rat 1/2

Bird 1/4 _j


Once a human is bitten, he no longer resists the attack of the
vampire, and indeed becomes a full partner in the ecstasy. Thus,
the vampire need not fear the victim once the teeth have sunk in.
Inthe cases of exceptionally strong-willed individuals (9+ Will-
power), resistance may continue, but eventually even they are
drawn into the seduction of the Kiss. Some mortals, given the
opportunity, learn to enjoy the Kiss and may develop a lust for it.

Ifa vampire drinks more than half of a victim's Blood Pool,
that person's life is in serious danger, and some sort of treatment
is usually necessary to ensure the victim's survival. If more than
three-fourths of a victim's blood is taken, then immediate medical
care is required or the vessel will surely die.

A wounded character usually has less blood than normal.
Assume that a normal-sized human has one fewer Blood Point for
each level of wound. Vampires do not lose blood to wounds in this
way. Assume humans regain one Blood Point a day if they do not
have a full supply of blood. While some animals may have much
more blood than a human by volume, it is far less nourishing and
therefore is worth less in Blood Points.

Old blood is never as nourishing as fresh blood, unless it is
extraordinarily potent, like the blood of an elder. Such blood will
maintain its vitality for some time. If a vampire drinks the blood
ofan ancient, each point taken may be worth two Blood Points
ormore. Therefore, it is possible by feeding from such creatures to
gain a tremendous amount of Blood Points. Elders are able to
concentrate the blood they drink, thereby increasing their effec-
tive Blond Pools. Each "point" of their Blood Pool is therefore
worth 1/10th of their total Blood Pool.

Essentially, elders have much larger Blood Pools than other
vampires, although they are not physically larger. They are able to
contain the blood only because they are able to concentrate it.
Thus, if another vampire drank that blood, she would receive a
highly concentrated dose (which often has special properties as
well). The blood of Lupines is just as potent.

HEALTH

This isa measure of how hale and hearty acharacter is. There are
various levels of injury, and each applies a different penalty to the
person so injured. A character who is Hurt, -1, would have one fewer
die to roll on all her rolls, while a character who is Crippled, -5, would
have five fewer dice to roll. If that leaves the player with no dice to
roll, then the character cannot take that action.

A vampire who is Incapacitated can take no action whatso-
ever. She is immobilized, and the only action she can perform is
to heal herself using Blood Points or swallow blood that is offered
toher. A mortal who reaches this state is very close to death; ifshe
loses one more Health Level, she dies. If a vampire sustains an
aggravated wound at the Incapacitated level, then he dies the
Final Death as well.

HEALTH LEVELS

Bruised: Character is only bruised and
has no action penalties.

Hurt: -l Character is only mildly
hurt; movement isn't
hindered.

Injured: -l Minor injuries; little
hindrance to movement.

Wounded: 2 Character cannot run, but
can still walk.

Mauled: 2) Character is badly injured
and can only hobble about.

Crippled: 5 Character is severely
injured and can only crawl.

Incapacitated: Character is completely
incapable of movement.

| GENERATIONS CHART
Trait Max Rating Blood Pool Size Blood Points/Turn
Third 10 ? ?
Fourth wpagememmmmemmeorme,: «9 cum: 50 _daaaccmnoene Do rmeeroscexsnemes:
Fifth 8 40 8
Sixth 7 30 6
Seventh' $ 0 5
Eighth 5 mamas 15: 3
Ninth 5 14 2
| |] Tent 5 13 1
Eleventh 5 EEE 12 a
Twelfth asd ul 1
Thirteenth+ 5 10 1
Trait Max Rating: This indicates the highest Trait rating a vampire can have. This is especially important when it comes to Disciplines. Note that
player characters can only buy a six rating in any Trait with experience points.
Blood Pool Size: Ancient vampires are capable of storing more blood (or its energy) in their system than younger ones.
Blood Points/Turn: This describes how many Blood Points a vampire can use in a single turn for either extra dice or levels of healing.
|
j Sat 1 ae CHAPTER FOUR: CHARACTER
‘i>

137

IMO SN



As for rmuyself 3 voatk abroad o' nights

Andhkill sick people groaning under voall:
Sometimes] go about and poison voells.
- Oxistopher Wiarlovwe, The Cragical

Distory of Doctor Saustus

an a latter day, Disciplines tight be called
supernatival abilities. In the Dark Ages, they
are knoven for vohat ther truly ave? the divid-—
ing line between manity and the east.
YOhether they be gilts from God (as some sug-
ges, the marks of Satan (as most believe),
Lilith'skiss (as Gainitelegends dairy, orasimyple
primal heritage, Disciplines grant campires
poveers unknovon fo mortals.
Discipline bestows some special ability.
Some forge bonds with animals or grant the
powers of illusion Others redageS great strength,
inhuman speed or the solidity of stone? allovoher
to change into beasts at voill or enable her to turn
an entire room of strong-willed voarriors into
Aaves. VOhatever spavoned these tical povo-
ers, their eristere defines the might of the undead.


In game terms, Disciplines range from one to five dots (see
Traits). Six-dot Disciplines are also included for players and
Storytellers running characters of seventh generation and lower.
Some Disciplines involve a single ability, like great strength
(Potence), while others span several related talents, like sorcerous
Thaumaturgy. Depending on the Discipline, each dot either
grants a character some new power or enhances a single one to
greater levels. Each of the Disciplines listed in this chapter offers
a variety of powers and the levels necessary to achieve them.

Each new character begins the chronicle with four dotsinher
clan's special Disciplines — those abilities her clan has mastered.
From there, freebie points may be spent to raise those Disciplines
or purchase others. As a character progresses, she may spend
experience points to increase her powers still further, potentially
rivaling those of a Cainite elder.

Naturally, a character should have some "in-game" reasons
behind the increases in her powers. These rationales will depend
more upon the vampire or her clan than upon flat rules. A Gangrel
might raise her Animalism rating through constant contact with
beasts, while a Tremere learns the spells that unlock the animal
bond, anda Malkavian devolves to such a bestial state of sanity that
he becomes one with the animals when he so chooses. Whatever
thestory may be, the player should invent the methods her vampire
uses to increase her Discipline ratings before she adds on new dots

Itbears repeating that Disciplines clearly mark the character's
supernatural origin. While the lowest levels of Celerity or Po-
tence may be passed off with "Oh, she's just quick on her feet (or
strong for hersize)," most such powers set the character apart from
the living. Mortals who see Disciplines in action may fear the
Cainite who wields them, or grow jealous and try to have her
destroyed. Vampires themselves often express reservations about
these powers; even gifts from God take time to grow accustomed
to. A freshly Embraced neonate might well wonder how much
farther into damnation these uncanny talents would drag him....

ADVANCED DisciPLiNEs

To those with the strength of blood and will, the first five
levels of each Discipline are just the beginning of a vampires
potential. Unusually talented vampires may advance beyond the
basic five levels and develop their own variations on the power.

At the sixth level (or higher), a vampire achieves such
mastery that her Disciplines mirror her inner nature. A vicious
Brujah with six dots in Dominate may terrify a roomful of people
through some unique power, while a more subtle member of the
same clan could shame an incubus with his seductive influence.
Each Discipline lists several options for sixth-level powers; at the
Storyteller's discretion, a player may create a new, individual
power. Whichever option a player chooses, the manifestation of
the power should reflect the vampire's personality.

With enough experience (and good reasons behind new
powers), a player may buy more than one sixth-level Discipline
power. Naturally, this requires plenty of experience points; ob-
taining even one Level Six power costs 30 points, and each
additional one costs another 30. Vampires' lives are measured in
millennia, of course, so slow advancement is not much of an


inconvenience. Any clever Cainite may think of dozens of uses
for even the lowest Discipline levels; the additional powers are
simply spice to an already savory gruel.

Truly ancient vampires may command talents beyond even
the sixth level; Storytellers are encouraged to invent awesome
powers in addition to those offered here, or give godlike elders a
variety of Level Six Disciplines. Thus, an ancient Cainite who has
achieved a Dominate rating of 8 may have more than eight
Dominate powers. Fear your elders, childe....

ANIMALISM

In the Dark Ages, humanity's conquest of nature is far from
complete. The forests are filled with beasts capable of giving even
an experienced huntsmen a fearsome match. Killing a pack of
ravenous wolves means an up-close and bloody confrontation
with rabid beasts.

Humanity's ignorance of the behavior of wild animals has
spawned fear and hatred of many species like the wolfand the bat.
Conversely, humanity's dependence on domesticated animals, as
beasts of burden, food sources and protection, links people closely
to the animal world.

The Discipline of Animalism gives a Cainite intense empa-
thy with and rulership over all animals, domestic or wild.
Animalism also provides some measure of control over the Beast
which lurks within the soul of every vampire.

Animalism is found primarily among the Gangrel, Nosferatu,
Ravnos and Tzimisce clans. The Gangrel are especially renowned for
running with beasts through the dark forests of Europe. Other clans

have difficulty developing this Discipline, as few members of the

| above clans are especially predisposed to tutoring others in the art.

Lacking this Discipline or the Skill of Animal Ken leaves a

Cainite with the curse of being offensive to animals. Beasts are

distinctly uncomfortable around the undead and do all they can
tomove away or perhaps attack.

Animalism is one Discipline which pious vampires tend to
view positively, citing the apparent use of such powers by Noah,
Daniel and even Jonah to support a claim that the power may
stem from above rather than below. While these Cainites are a
] minority among those who possess Animalism (most Gangrel

being pagan barbarians and Tzimisce believing themselves gods),
they zealously cling to their interpretations.

Whenever characters interact with animals, the Storyteller
] stould give the creatures unique personalities and manners of
speech. Animals may eventually befriend characters, so the
better a creature is portrayed, the longer it remains interesting to
the player. Remember that animals are generally simple-minded
and take things quite literally.

Depending on what level of fantasy you choose to inject into
your Dark Ages chronicle, Animalism may aid Cainites' interac-
tion with supernatural beasts (griffins, manticora, etc.). The
difficulty of powers is increased by one or two when using
Animalism on such creatures. Also, fantastic beasts are usually
much more intelligent than common ones.

HV
\

f Peace BOS agen

KIS

¢ FERAL SPEECH

God's gift of speech was not reserved for humans alone. Feral
Speech allows a Cainite limited communication with animals,
allowing for specific requests of creatures. To invoke this power, the
Cainite must look into the animal's eyes. Once contact has been
made, the vampire may issue the creature commands by speaking
in its tongue, whether in chirps, hisses or barks. Some Nosferatu are
said to be able to give orders silently, but they must maintain eye
contact with the animal throughout the conversation and must
teestablish contact to give the animal any new instructions.

Feral Speech provides no guarantees that an animal will
want to deal with the vampire, but the animal usually becomes
better disposed toward her. Smaller animals may be cowed into
accepting commands, while orders for large predators are better
couched in terms of requests. It is highly recommended that all
communication be roleplayed.

Ifcommunication is effective, the animal tries to perform the
command to the best of its ability and intellect. Highly complex
commands (like anything with conditional logic) are lost on all
but the very brightest animals. Commands are deeply implanted,
though, and may affect the animal for some time.

System: No roll is necessary to talk with an animal, but the
player must make a Manipulation + Animal Ken roll (difficulty 6) to
get it to do favors. This difficulty can be adjusted by circumstances
and roleplaying skill. The character's approach to the conversation
depends heavily on his Nature. The character might try intimidation,
teasing, cajoling, rationality or emotional pleading. The player
should understand that he does not simply play his character, but the
Beast within as well.

¢° Noan's CALL

This power allows the Cainite to cry out in the voice of a
specific type of animal. All such animals within earshot are
summoned, but may choose whether or not to respond. Those
that do will not necessarily provide immediate assistance to the
vampire. However, they are favorably disposed toward the Cainite,
and most offer assistance.

The few Cainites who cling zealously to their Christian
beliefs and who achieve mastery of Animalism liken this power to
thatof Noah, whocalled to him two ofall creatures and shepherded
them into the ark.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Survival (difficulty 6)
to determine the response to the call. Consult the table below. The
only animals that might respond are those that hear the call.

At the player's discretion, the call can be targeted to even
more specific groups of animals. For example, a vampire could call
for all gray-furred wolves in the area, for only a certain wolf pack
or for only the alpha male of the wolf pack.

I success One animal responds.

2 successes A quarter of the animals within earshot
respond.

3 successes Half of the animals respond.

4 successes Most of the animals respond.

5 successes All of the animals respond.

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

(


)

aoa
a LD am.
¢ ee COWING THE BEAST

Cainites are the supreme predators of the natural world.
Many Cainites believe that within each of them lies the spirit of
aravenous Beast, similar to but also superior to the Beast that lies
in every mortal heart. With this power, a Cainite may touch any
mortal human or beast and for a brief moment connect their
bestial spirits. That brief contact is enough to make the subject's
Beast cower before the Cainite's.

The subject loses all courage, hope and inspiration. The
most courageous mortals simply become apathetic and depres-
sive, while sensitive ones may suffer from phobic Derangements
while under the power's influence.

Christians among the Nosferatu purport that this power was
manifested by Daniel when he was cast into a den of ferocious
lions in ancient Babylon and emerged unscathed the next day.
Most religiously orthodox Cainites, like these Nosferatu, believe
this power will not take effect if they have recently been unfaith-
ful to their beliefs. Conversely, Tzimisce simply see the power as
further evidence of their superiority over lesser beasts. Ravnos
don't particularly care where the power comes from, but find it
useful to calm the mortals they have just thieved. Gangrel and
some Nosferatu are said to use a similar power that soothes the
subject's Beast into a state of utter complacency rather than
oppressing it through fear. This power functions identically to
Cowing the Beast, but is known as Song of Serenity.

System: The player must roll Manipulation + Intimidation (or
Empathy if using the soothing Song of Serenity) at difficulty 7. It is
an extended action and the player must collect as many successes as
the target has Willpower (5 for most animals). Any failure indicates
that the vampire must start over from the beginning, while any botch
indicates that he is never again able to affect that subject's Beast.

When a mortal's Beast is cowed or soothed, he can no longer
use or regain Willpower. He ceases all struggles, whether mental
or physical. He cannot even defend himself if assaulted, though.
the Storyteller may allow a Willpower roll if the mortal's life is
threatened. To recover from this power, the mortal may roll
Willpower (difficulty 6) once per day until he accumulates
enough successes to equal the Cainite's Willpower. Cainites
themselves cannot be affected by this power.

e eee RIDE THE WiLD MIND

Inthe Dark Ages, religious doctrine asserts that animals have no
souls, only spirits. Using this power, Cainites believe they are able to
fill that vacancy by moving their own souls into the bodies of animals.
By staring into the eyes ofan animal, the vampire can move heranima
— her conscious mind — into the animal and possess it. The
vampire's body falls into a motionless state like torpor, but her mind
takes control of the animal's actions.

Tzimisce seldom use this power, considering it debasing to
enter the body of a lesser creature. When they do, they only
possess predators. Ravnos make a habit of killing and sucking the
vitae from animals after the possession, for fear that their souls
will be retained in the animals.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Animal Ken
(difficulty 8) as the character looks into the animal's eyes (only
animals with eyes can be possessed). The number of successes

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

obtained determines how thoroughly the character's soul over-
rides the spirit of the animal. Multiple successes allow the character
to utilize some mental Disciplines while possessing the animal.
Fewer than three successes means the player must use Willpower
points to take any action that directly violates the instincts of the
animal in question.

Isuccess Cannot use Disciplines.

2successes Can use Auspex.

3 successes Can also use Presence.

4 successes Can also use Dominate, Dementation.
5 successes Can also use Thaumaturgy, Chimerstry.

The possessing character behaves much like the animal if
fewer than five successes are obtained — her soul is clouded with
needs and impulses from the animal's spirit and body. Because the
character's soul and the spirit of the animal become so entwined,
the character may continue to think and feel like that animal,
even after the connection has been broken. This should be
roleplayed. The effect continues until a total of seven Willpower
points are spent to resist and overcome the animal's nature.

At the end of any particularly exciting incident during
possession, the player should roll Wits + Empathy (difficulty 8) for
the character to retain her own mind. Failure indicates that the
character's mind returns toher own body, but till thinks in purely
animalistic terms. A botch sends the character into frenzy upon
returning to her own body.

When employing this power, it is possible for a vampire to
travel about during the day, albeit in the body of an animal.
However, her body must be awake to do so, and therefore the player
must successfully make a roll to stay awake (see Chapter Seven).

@ ¢¢¢¢ DRAWING OUT THE BEAST

At this level of Animalism, the Cainite has a keen under-
standing of the Beast within. Whenever the predatorspirit threatens
tooverwhelm the vampire's soul and send her into frenzy, she may
instead fling the spirit of the Beast out of her body and into J
another's. The recipient of the Beast's raging spirit is instantly
overcome by frenzy. Since the victim receives the Cainite's own
spirit, the behavior and expressions of the Cainite are evident in
the victim's frenzied actions. Facial expressions, body language
and even changes in vocal inflection mirror the Cainite's own.

Gangrel are especially fond of passing their Beasts onto theit
ghouls during combat. Autarkis Gangrel have been known tosend |
bands of their ghouls sweeping through hamlets in frenzied fervor
while their masters follow to feast upon the destruction. By the
time the hamlets' protectors can arrive, both madmen and mon-
sters have escaped into the night.

System: To use this power, the vampire must be in frenzy or
close to it, and the player must roll Manipulation + Animal Ken
(difficulty 8). The player needs to announce his preferred target
prior to rolling; it must be someone within sight. Refer to the table
for the results:

1 success The character transfers the Beast, but
releases it upon a friend.

2 successes The character is stunned by the effort and
may not act next tum, but transfers the Beast.

3 successes The character is completely successful.

Ny


If the attempt fails, the intensity of the frenzy actually in-
ceases; as the character relaxes in expectation of relieving himself
ofsavage desires, the Beast takes that opportunity to dig deeper. The
frenzy lasts twice as long and is twice as difficult to shrug off; itis also
‘many times more severe than normal. A botch on this roll is even
more catastrophic. The heightened frenzy is so extreme that not
even expending Willpower effectively curbs its duration or effects.

Ifthe character leaves the target's presence before the frenzy
concludes, he loses his Beast, perhaps permanently. While no
longer vulnerable to frenzy, the character is not able to use or
regain Willpower and becomes increasingly lethargic. To recover
the Beast, he must find the person who now possesses it (who
probably isn't enjoying herself very much) and retrap the Beast.
He must behave in ways that make the Beast want to return; the
Beast does not always wish to do so.

¢¢¢0¢¢¢ QUICKENED UNITY

With this power, a vampire may touch an animal and link
thespirit of his own Beast to the spirit of the animal. Once the two
ae linked, the Cainite can pull the thoughts, memories and
experiences from the animal, mentally reliving the animal's past.
The longer the vampire maintains the link, the more information
he can gather. However, if the link is maintained too long, the
vampire may become confused as to which memories are his own
and which are the animal's.

Cainites use this power for all manner of purposes. For
example, wild stags know the lay of the surrounding forest, war
horses remember how various battles fared, and rats know all the
crawlways into a castle and what lies below that castle.

System: Use of this power requires a Perception + Animal
Kenroll (difficulty 6). Each tum after the first spent in this melded
state requires the character to spend a Willpower point. It usually
takes two turns to locate and extract a precise memory, and about
five turns to share spirits completely.

FAluspEXx

A vampire with Auspex sees with the eyes ofa god. At low levels,
she notices things no mortal could perceive. The more esoteric
abilities allow her to expend her consciousness enough to leave her
body behind for short periods. Auspex powers usually require Percep-
tion rolls; the better the roll, the more the Cainite understands.

Naturally, the vampire who senses more than most has a
distinct advantage in these dim times. Whether such talents let her
view a distant battle, sense a duke's mood before an audience, or
pluck the hidden sins from the minds of saints, Auspex isa powerful
tool. A sensitive vampire may, of course, become easily distracted
by beautiful things, loud noises or foul smells; sudden or potent
events might even disorient the vampire unless she makes a
Willpower roll to ignore them. The more potent the source of
distraction, the higher the difficulty will be. Failure overwhelms
the character's senses, and she may notice nothing else fora turn or
two. The notorious weakness of the Toreador illustrates this point.

¢ HEIGHTENED SENSES

By sharpening all five of her senses, the character may double
the usual range of her hearing and sight. This happens at will and
lasts as long as she wants it to. Although her other senses — taste,

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES


<<" pa

i

touch, smell —do not extend any farther than usual, they become
far more acute; she might be able to taste the ale ina vessel's blood
or smell a distant horse long before a hunter comes into sight.

Occasionally, this talent provides insights that transcend
the usual five senses. Odd premonitions or flashes of empathy are
common, if unfocused, examples. These perceptions should be
left up to the Storyteller's discretion.

This insight has a price. Bright lights or strong smells present a
hazard while the vampire uses the power. In addition to the distrac-
tions mentioned above, an especially sudden stimulus — like a
flaring bonfire or a clap of thunder — might actually blind or deafen
the character for an hour or more. So long as she avoids such events,
however, the Cainite may detect things her companions miss.

System: Although this power is best defined by Storyteller
descriptions and the player's imagination, dice are sometimes
necessary. Whenever some threat could be revealed, the Story-
teller rolls the character's unmodified Auspex rating. The roll's
difficulty varies according to the circumstances (and whim). For
instance, a warning that a goblet of fresh vitae has been laced with
poisons might require a 6, while the sudden realization that a rival
lord in the next county is mobilizing against you might require a9.

¢ ¢ SOULSIGHT

By peering past the layers of a target's personality, a vampire
may discover clues about his true nature or intent. This power
allows the Cainite to read the mystical halos surrounding all
things; the colors she sees may tell her much.

Even the simplest peasant has many shifting hues within this
halo; strong emotions predominate, while minor undercurrents or
deep secrets trickle through. This Auspex level lets the Cainite
detect vampires (their halos are pale), magicians (who often crackle
with suppressed power) and werebeasts (whose colors seem brighter
and more frantic than any mortal's should be). As the target's
emotional state changes, the colors in his soul-halo shift, blend or
surge into dancing patterns. The stronger the emotion, the brighter
the colors become.

System: The player must make a Perception + Empathy roll
(difficulty 8). The Storyteller may wish to make this roll so the player
doesn't know whether she failed or botched. Each success indicates
how much of the target's halo can be seen and understood (see the
chart). A botch indicates a misleading interpretation.

1 success Can only distinguish the shade (pale or bright).
2 successes Can distinguish color as well.

3 successes Patterns can be recognized.

4 successes Subtle shifts can be detected.

5 successes Can identify mixtures of color and pattern.

The Halo Colors chart offers examples of some common
colors and the emotions they represent.

A character may only view another's halo once; if she tries
to look at it again, any failure should be considered a botch. It is
very easy to imagine seeing what one wants to see when judging
someone's intentions.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

eee THE Spirit's TOUCH

Each being leaves traces of its essence upon the objects it
touches. With this Auspex level, a character can read these
impressions and see who has handled an item, when he last heldit,
and why. Ifa Cainite tuned her attentions toa dagger, for instance,
she might get some insights into the last person to hold the blade.
For the most part, these visions offer a momentary glimpse of the
item and its "owner." a short look might not tell the reader much,
but a successful one might reveal a wealth of details: what the
dagger's owner looked like, how the weapon came into his posses
sion, and possibly even a vision of the murder it was used in.

Obviously, each clan uses this power differently. The
Cappadocians are said to utilize it to discover objects precious to the
shades of the dead. Ancient Toreador reexperience the rapture of
creativity when handling works of art, while Tremere scholars may
sense the hidden power of those standing before them. No matter what
use the vampire prefers, she must hold the object and enter a shallow
trance while concentrating upon the information she wants to un-
cover. Although most visions concern the last person to handle the
item, a long-time owner will leave stronger impressions than someone
who picked up the item once.

System: The character must make a Perception + Empathy
roll. The difficulty is determined by the age of the impressions and
the mental and spiritual strength of the person or event that left
them. The number of successes scored determines the amount of
information gained.

Events involving strong emotions (a gift-giving, a murder, along
family history) leave stronger impressions than does short or casual
contact. Assume that each success offers one piece of information.
While one success would only tell her "a man held this dagger last,"
three would reveal that he was cruel, middle-aged and afraid. Four
successes would reveal her his name, and five or more would reveal his
connection to the knife and the things he did with it.

@ ee STEAL SECRETS

By forming a bridge between her mind and another's, the
character may speak without words or read a victim's deepest fears.
Thoughts "stolen" thusly are as audible to the Cainite as normal
speech would be. Naturally, such a talent makes its wielder one to
be feared among the courts of Europe. While the Tremere and
Tzimisce manipulate their mortal servitors through mindplay, some
Malkavians disturb their victims by babbling a person's thoughts
aloud (often adding their own mad rantings to the torrent).

System: The player must make an Intelligence + Subterfuge
roll, with the subject's current Willpower as the difficulty. One
success must be rolled for each individual item of information
plucked or for each layer of thought the vampire strives to reach.
Deep secrets or buried memories are harder to obtain than surface
emotions or unspoken retorts.

Such powers do not normally work upon the undead mind; by
expending a Willpower point, however, a character may attempt to
do so. After the point is spent, the normal roll applies.

Storytellers are encouraged to describe thoughts as flowing
streams of impressions and images. Rather than using flat statements
like "He's planning to kill the captain of the guard," say "You seea
fleeting series of visions: Von Mark, the captain of the guard, deep

gpl aS

fan AFIS

a

4

(h

Hao Cotors
Condition Halo Colors
Afraid Orange
Aggressive Purple
Angry Red
Bitter Brown
Calm Light Blue
Compassionate Pink
Conservative Lavender
Depressed Gray
Desirous or Lustful Deep Red
Distrustful Light Green
Envious Dark Green
Excited Violet
Generous Rose
Happy Vermilioh
| Hateful Black
Idealistic Yellow
Innocent White
Love Blue
Obsessed Green
Sad Silver
Spiritual Gold
Suspicious Dark Blue
Vampire Appropriate color is pale
Confused Mottled, shifting colors
Daydreaming Sharp flickering colors
Diabolist Black veins in aura
Frenzied Rapidly rippling colors
Psychotic Hypnotic, swirling color
Magic Use Myriad sparkles

in thought; a dagger, larger than any you've ever seen, in your own
hands as you advance through the shadows; your own heart, mortal
nowand hammering with panic as you raise the knife; and above all,
the cold fear of discovery." Such descriptions not only add to the
story, they also force the player to decide for herself what she reads.
Understanding minds — especially the minds of the deranged —
can be a difficult and puzzling task.

e¢ ANIMA WALK

By expanding her senses beyond her physical shell, the charac-
tercan step outside her body and travel quickly to any place she can
imagine. She may "fly," cross oceans and descend beneath the
ground, so long as she remains below the moon's orbit. Through this
jwer, the ancients are said to watch over their childer. Even Caine
himself may still walk the world this way...

While the Cainite's anima, or mental self, is separated from
her body, that husk lies in a torpid state. Anything can happen
while the vampire is gone, and she will never know about it until
deietums; During' the journey, an ephemeral silver cond con
nects body to mind; if this cord is severed, the anima becomes

hopelessly lost in the world of shades. Returning to one's body after
such an experience — if possible — is a long and terrifying ordeal.
The obvious risks of travel keep many Cainites from leaving
"home" for long. Those who dare, however, may discover much.

System: Leaving the material self behind requires a point of
Willpower and a Perception + Occult roll (difficulty varies
depending on the distance and complexity of the trip, with 7
being average and 10 reflecting a trip far from familiar territory —
to unknown Cathay, for example). The better the roll, the easier
and more productive the journey is. Failing or botching this roll
can have nasty consequences.

Each time the vampire changes her destination, she must roll
again; failure indicates that she has lost her way and must retrace the
path of her silver cord. A botch at this stage means the cord has
snapped and the anima is stranded in the mysterious spirit worlds.

An anima may travel at great speeds and carries no clothing
or matcrial objects of any kind. Some artifacts are said to exist in
the spirit world as well, and these may be taken along if they are
found. The anima is a witness only; it cannot interact with the
material world unless the character spends an additional Will-
power point to manifest intoa ghostlike shape. This lasts one turn,
then fades. Auspex powers may be used normally, however.

If two anima encounter each other, they interact as if they
were solid. They may talk, touch and even fight as ifboth were still
in the material world. Since their bodies have been left behind,
two anima travelers may try to cut each other's silver cords. When
fighting this way, consider Willpower points to be Health Levels;
when all of a combatant's Willpower is lost, the cord is severed.
Because Physical Traits mean nothing in this state, the character's
Mental ones take their place: Dexterity becomes Wits, Manipu-
lation replaces Strength, and Intelligence becomes Stamina.

Although a vampire in this state remains in the reflection of the
mortal world (the Penumbra, for those familiar with other World of
Darkness games), she may occasionally go farther into the spirit
realms, especially ifshe becomes lost. Some beings, suchas werewolves,
ghosts and even rare magi, travel the spirit world as well, and can see
and affect an anima normally. Storytellers are encouraged to make
anima trips as wild and mysterious as possible. The world of spirit-
borders is a vivid and fantastic place where the true nature of things
becomes stronger than their earthly appearances.

@eeeee FARSIGHT

At this level of ability, distance becomes immaterial to the
Cainite. With a minor effort, she can see and hear distant
activities without leaving her body. By concentrating upon a
given place, thing or person, she may hear or see everything
around it as if she were there herself. Naturally, she must be
familiar with that place or person before she can spy on it, but
immortals have plenty of time to build up such familiarities.

System: The player must make a Perception + Empathy roll
(difficulty 6) to home in on her target. Once she finds it, she may use
other Auspex powers normally. She might scry a clearing at the edge
ofher land, heighten her senses to discover the intruder lurking there,
and use Soulsight to discover who he is and what he wants. Each
power used in this manner must be rolled and accounted for in the
normal ways.

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

CELERITY

For some Cainites, the mortal world moves in slow motion.
In times of stress, vampires with Celerity can move with amazing
speed, becoming blurs of motion to anyone, mortal or immortal,
who does not possess the Discipline.

Celerity is common to the Assamite, Brujah and Toreador
clans. The Assamites utilize the Discipline to strike down their
foes before they can mount a counterattack. Toreador are more
likely to use the Discipline to lend supernatural grace to live
performances such as dance, but can be as terrifying as Assamites
if they are angered.

System: Characters with Celerity may take multiple actions
in a single turn. While anyone can decide to split his Dice Pool
during a single turn, a character with Celerity can perform extra
actions (including full movement) without penalty.

Each point of Celerity allows up to one extra action, and the
vampire may use his entire Dice Pool for each additional action
taken. The vampire must spend one Blood Point per extra action
taken per turn and may spend a number of Blood Points on this power
per turn equal to his Celerity rating. (The normal limits on the
expenditure of Blood Points do not affect the use of this Discipline.)
For instance, if a vampire has a Celerity of 4 and wishes to take five
actions in a single turn, he needs to spend four Blood Points.

CHIMERSTRY

The Ravnos have a well-earned reputation as the masters of
trickery and deceit. Beyond their cunning and wit, they have
earned this reputation through their Chimerstry Discipline.
Chimerstry allows the Ravnos to create compelling illusions and
hallucinations that befuddle the senses of others.

Basic illusions may create distractions in market squares or
make a copper penny seem to tum into a gold crown. Advanced
Chimerstry illusions affect their victims on a deep psychological
level, such that an hallucinatory wooden stake could actually hurt
a vampire and make her believe she is paralyzed.

Since most people in the Dark Medieval period believe in
magic and would not be entirely surprised to see someone conjure
an item out of thin air, Chimerstry powers rarely face resistance
rolls. Conversely, the same folk who believe in magic have also
heard tales of faerie gold and other illusions; pervasive belief in
magic engenders skepticism of objects offered by known magi-
cians. When it comes to scaring a peasant lynch mob, an illusion
could send superstitious mortals running or could fuel them with
religious fervor against the "diabolist."

An illusion cannot be created if the vampire making it
cannot sense it. A blindfolded Cainite cannot use Ignis Fatuus to
create an image of a sword. However, she can use Dweomer to
create one in her hand because she can touch it, and other people
could still see, smell, feel, taste and smell the sword.

The Ravnos believe their Chimerstry power originated from.
drinking the vitae from the true masters of illusion, the fae. Every
time a Ravnos sets out to learn a new Chimerstry power, she must
first seek out a faerie and drink its blood. The custom has led to
a painful initiation ritual among Ravnos who seek to learn this
Discipline. It has also created mixed relationships among the fae
and Ravnos clan. Fae who have been attacked for their vitae

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

despise the clan, while other fae have traded blood for favors
These favors are bartered among different fae like currency, and
some Ravnos end up owing debts of service for hundreds of years
to faeries they have never met.

¢ Ienis Faruus

These minor, static illusions affect one sense. Anyone in the
areacan detect the illusion with that sense, but not with any others.
Note thateven ifan illusion can be detected by touch, it isnotreally
there. Thus, an invisible Ignis Fatuus wall could be touched, just as
an illusory slap could be felt, but the wall could not bar a person's
passage, nor could an illusory bridge be used to cross a river.

System: An illusion costs one point of Willpower to create, and
lasts until the character can no longer sense it, decides to end it orit
isseen through in some way. Endingan illusion takes no time oreffort
and occurs whenever the creator wishes.

¢ ¢ DWEOMER
Anillusion created with this power can be detected by any or
all senses, as decided by the creator of the illusion. Once again, the
illusion is not really there, and tactile ones can be passed through.
System: Like the illusions created by Ignis Fatuus, these are
static and cannot be moved once created. They cost two Willpower
points to create and disappear per Ignis Fatuus illusions.

¢¢e¢ APPARITION

This power is used in conjunction with either of the above
powers. Apparition allows the illusion in question to have a full
range of motion. This motion appears perfectly natural as longs
the vampire maintaining it is familiar with the proper movement
of the subject.

System: The creator spends one Blood Point to make an
illusion move in one specific way; she can change ot stop this
motion, but only if she has done nothing save concentrate on the
illusion after creating it.

@¢ ee PERMANENCY

This power, also used with Ignis Fatuus or Dweomer, allowsan
illusion to continue even when the vampire is not in its presence.
Even illusions that have a range of motion through the use of
Apparition can be made permanent, though the vampire must first
concentrate on the illusion as it goes through the range of motion
desired. The illusion then continues to follow this pattern for as
longs it exists. Note that this power only affects illusions created
by Chimerstry and has no effect on other Disciplines or objects.

System: The vampire need only expend a Blood Point, and
the illusion remains intact until dissolved.

@eeee Horrip REALITY

This power is only effective against one person at a time.
Essentially, the victim of Horrid Reality believes completely and
totally that the illusion exists. A fake fire burns him, a fake wall
bars him passage, and a fake arrow wounds him.

System: A Horrid Reality costs two Willpower points to
create. If the vampire attempts to damage a foe with this power,
the player must roll Manipulation + Subterfuge (difficulty of the

victim's Perception + Self-Control/Instinct). Each success in- |


flicts one Health Level of damage upon the victim, though the
character can do less than the full amount if, before the dice are
rolled, she announces a maximum amount of damage she wants
toinflict. A person cannot actually be killed in this manner, and
all injuries disappear once the victim is truly convinced that he
has not been harmed (which can and will take a considerable
amount of time; assume that the "dead" victim later awakens from
unconsciousness to find himself perfectly healthy).

eeeeee Mauss HORROR

This power causes more than one person to experience a
Horrid Reality. Anyone in the same general area of the illusion
senses itas ifitwere actually present. Thus, ifan illusion ofa dragon
is created, the dragon can blast its fiery breath on several people.

System: This power works exactly as Horrid Reality, except
that multiple targets can be affected. A vampire can generally
affect a number of individuals up to her Willpower.

DAIMOINON

This Discipline is included for Storyteller use only; Baali are
not known for their ability to work with others and therefore do
not make suitable player characters during this period. Their
power is that of the Devil himself, and through the use of
Daimoinon they draw upon the forces of Hell to demoralize and
ctipple their enemies. It is for this reason that all Cainites stand
united in their hatred of the Baali, whose lust for power threatens
toundermine vampire society.

© SENSE THE SIN

Itis said that creatures of evil can turn even the most pious
man to evil, for does not everyone fear the capacity for sin? This
power allows the Baali to see into the soul of his victim, to ferret
out her greatest weakness.

System: By making a Perception + Empathy roll against a
difficulty of the target's Self-Control/Instinct + 4, the Baali can
sense the subject's greatest character flaw, be ita low Virtue, a weak
Willpower, a Derangement or whatever. The Storyteller should use
discretion should the "flaw" be something without astat, such as the
subject's guilt at having killed her sire.

¢¢ FEAR OF THE VoID BELOW

Through the use of this Discipline, the Baali can send those
vho listen to her into fits of terror at the damnation that awaits
them in the afterlife. This power is feared by pagan and Christian
alike for such is its power that even blasphemers tremble at the
Baali's words.

System: The Baali must first use Sense the Sin (above) to
discemn the tragic flaw of the target. She must then speak to the
target, telling him of his inevitable damnation. If the Baali makes
Wits + Intimidation resisted roll against the target's Courage +
4the victim falls into Rétschreck; if the Baali scores three or
more successes, the target collapses in panic.

¢e¢ FLAMES OF THE NETHERWORLD

By using this power, the Baali may hurl blasts of flame at his
enemies —a truly spectacular sight which will instantly convince
any onlookers that the Baali is indeed a creature of Satan.


System: The Baali throws blasts of hellfire that do one die of
damage per Blood Point spent. Striking an intended target
requires a Dexterity + Occult roll with a difficulty dependent on
range. This eldritch fire does aggravated damage.

@¢¢¢ PSYCHOMACHIA

The Baali is able tosummon the Beast in an individual. After
using Sense the Sin (above) to discern weakness, the Baali can
actually coax the Beast to the surface, causing her victim to lose
control and become ruled by his passions.

System: The victim must roll his greatest weakness (i.e.,
lowest Virtue) against a difficulty of 8 or fly into a frenzy; any
Derangement possessed by the victim manifests violently.

eeeee CURSE

The Baali may call upon his hellish powers to inflict a curse
upon his enemies, often disfiguring or crippling them. The Baali
may remove this curse at will, should he choose. Few ever do.

System: By making an Intelligence + Occult roll against a
difficulty equal to the target's Willpower, the Baali may cast a curse
on the target. One of the target's Traits, chosen by the Baali, drops
to zero for a duration dependent on the number of successes:

1 success One night
2 successes One week
3 successes One month
4 successes One year

S successes Permanent

@¢ © ¢¢¢ JGNORE THE SEARING FLAMES

Atthis level of mastery, the Baali is no longer harmed by fire.
Her skin may take on a slightly iridescent sheen as it becomes
immune to this bane of vampiric existence. Ritschreck check are
not required in the presence of flames. Note that the character is
still vulnerable to sunlight.

System: The character becomes immune to the damaging
effects of fire. A blow with allt torch or red-hot branding iron still
inflicts bludgeoning damage, but the damage is solely from the
object itself and not from the fire.

DEMENTATION

To the medieval mind, madness is a curse, or synonymous
with demonic possession. The Malkavians know that their mad-
ness is a malediction laid on their bloodline by Caine himself.
Indeed, some claim that the natural state of vampires is insanity,
and that they alone are sufficiently pure of blood to have such
divine lunacy. The Discipline of Dementation is an offspring of
this madness. Dementation grants a Malkavian the power to
spread his lunacy to a victim, drawing the subject into his
shattered world. The Malkavians do not zealously guard the
secrets of this Discipline; they claim that protecting vampires
from lunacy is akin to heresy. In some ways, Dementation is
similar to Dominate. The frightening part is that it catalyzes more
than it controls, meaning that madness is not so alien to the
mortal — or Cainite — mind.

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

¢ INcuBus Passion

The Cainite using Incubus Passion doubles or triples her
victim's emotional intensity. The vampire cannot choose the
emotion, merely amplify what is already present. This power
works on other Cainites as well as mortals.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy (difficulty of
the victim's Via score). The number of successes determines the
duration (and, at the Storyteller's discretion, the intensity).
Properly timed use of this Discipline increases the target's diffi
culty to resist frenzy or Rétschreck by one per success, to a
maximum difficulty of 10.

1 success One tum.

2 successes One hour
3 successes One night
4 successes One week
5 successes One month

ee HAUNT THE SOUL

The vampire may stimulate the victim's mind, flooding it
with intense visions. The images appear to be fully real, but can
only be seen for a second or out of the corner of the eye. The
Cainite has no control over what his victim sees, and the visions
haunt the unfortunate target for a night, a fortnight or possibly
even months. The vivid images visit sporadically, mostly at night
and usually when the person is alone. They can be anything from
visions of devils and succubi to nightmares from the victim's
deepest memory. The Storyteller should let her imagination run
wild in describing these visions; St. Anthony's temptation is only
one of the possible inspirations for an exciting and disturbing use
of Haunt the Soul.

System: The player rolls his Manipulation + Subterfuge
(difficulty equal to the victim's Perception + Self-Control/ln-
stinct). The number of successes determines the duration of the
period during which visions manifest.

Isuccess One night

2 successes Two nights

3 successes One week

4 successes One month

5 successes Three months

eee Eyes OF CHAOS

Through this unusual power, the Malkavian can weigh the
taint of sanity on a person. He can perceive another individual's
true Nature, although the form such a vision takes varies from
Cainite to Cainite. The Eyes of Chaos also reveal the "mark of
Caine's purity" on a soul (the Malkavian euphemism for mad-
ness). This power reveals the blight of lunacy in its tatterdemalion,
oh-so-delicate patterns, even those designs invisible to the most
sagacious individuals.

System: The player makes a Perception + Occult roll. The
difficulty depends on the intricacy of the soul's pattern and the time
the Malkavian has to study it. To discern the Nature of a passing
pilgrim requires a 10, but scrying his soul after journeying with him
foraweek resets the difficulty at8. Assayinga secretive Cappadocian


whois careful to hide all evidence of his doings would be an 8, while
discerning the mind behind a code buried in apocryphal scripture
would be a 7. The Malkavian can even detect an unseen hand in
seemingly random events, such as the circling of bluebottle flies or
the pattems of smoke rising from a bonfire (both at difficulty 6).
These patterns likely bear no meaning, but might hold the Cainite's
attention for hours by their intricate form and possibilities.

#¢¢¢ CONFUSION

The Cainite may cloud her victim's senses just by making eye
contact and conversation. The target loses all sense of time,
cannot recall most of his memories, and generally wanders
aimlessly until the confusion lifts. The victim often allows him-
self to be "aided" during this time; this tractableness can lead to
agruesome fate.

System: The vampire must meet her victim's gaze and speak
to him, while the player rolls Manipulation + Intimidation
(difficulty equal to the target's Perception + Self-Control/In-
stinct). The duration depends on level of success.

1 success One turn

2 successes One hour

3successes One night

4successes One week

S successes One month

eee HOWLING LUNACY

The vampire with this power may drive his victim, whether serf
or saint, mortal or scion of Caine, completely mad. The victim
suffers five Derangements (see Page 203) of the Storyteller's choice.
Toenact this ability, the vampire must gain his victim's undivided
attention for at least one turn. Most Malkavians cloak this power
amid fervent conversation; more than one hapless wayfarer has
stopped to talk with an innocent-seeming hermit, only to flee
sibbering into the woods or fall into an unseeing, unhearing stupor.

System: The Player rolls Manipulation + Intimidation (dif-
ficulty equal to the victim's Willpower rating). The number of
successes determines the duration of the lunacy.

I success One turn

2successes One night

3successes One week

4successes One month

Ssuccesses One year

Kiss OF THE Moon

The Cainite with mastery of this dread power may drive his
victims permanently mad. The vampire makes eye contact and
speaks quietly to the target, describing the lunacy he wants the
vietim to manifest. Kiss of the Moon works equally well on
vampires and mortals.

System: The player makes a resisted Manipulation + Empa-
thy roll against the victim's current Willpower rating. If the
vampire scores at least two successes, the victim takes on a
pemanent Derangement of the Cainite's choice.

\ es
7 yl ‘ 149
a!


DOMINATE

Dominate is used to control the thoughts and actions of
others by superimposing aspects of the controller's will upon her
victim. To manipulate the soul of another is thought by many to
be tempting fate, and thus many during this era shun those who
use Dominate. By removing the victim's free will, the vampire
may imperil her own soul. Of course, there are many among the
ranks of the undead who do so without compunction or hesita-
tion.

Use of Dominate requires that the vampire capture his victim's
eye, and can only be used against one person at a time. Commands
must be issued verbally to those under the vampire's sway, which
means that a Russian vampire may not give a French princess a
command, unless they both speak a single language, whether French
or Russian. Certain orders, particularly one-worded, may be given
with signs (a pointed finger and stern expression to indicate "Go!").
Latin may be a good common language if both vampire and subject
are educated, but will be of little use with the average peasant.

Dominate can only be used against one person at a time.
Commands must be issued verbally to those under the vampire's
sway. The extent to which control may be extended isdetermined
by the levels of the Discipline.

Cainites who make use of the Dominate Discipline often
cast their wills about before ever being Embraced. Their prideful
taints were already evident, and were perhaps what drew would-

VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES

be sires to their next childer. Characters with high Dominate
scores may be unable to spend experience points to increase
Abilities such as Empathy.

Mortals who can resist Dominate are few. The Church may
be the only recourse for most mortals; learned clergymen have
written of rituals that make individuals and even whole congre-
gations immune. There is even word of people who bear this
divine protection and hunt Cainites.

Restrictions: It is impossible to Dominate another vampire
who is of stronger blood — the character must be of a lower
generation than the subject for Dominate to be effective. Vampires |
may resist any attempt at Dominate by spending a Willpower point
for each success scored on the Dominate roll. The subject is then
immune toattemptsat Dominate for the rest of the scene. The target
must spend the full Willpower; partial expenditures do no good.

If a Dominate roll botches, the target is rendered immune to
future attempts by the same vampire for the rest of the story.

© OBSERVANCE OF THE SPOKEN WorD

By intruding upon a subject's communion with the divine,a
Cainite can impose a one-word command which must be in-
stantly obeyed. The command must be clear and unambiguous—
run, cough, fall, yawn, laugh, sneeze, burp, follow. Ifthe command
is at all confusing, the subject may be slow to respond or clumsy
in his performance. The command may be sown into a sentence
and stressed like a prominent stitch, concealing the vampite's
intent to the ignorant or unwary.


System: The character must make a Manipulation + Intimi-
dation roll (difficulty of the target's Willpower). More successes
force the target to act with greater vigor.

¢¢ MurMar OF THE FALSE WILL

The Cainite can impose false thoughts and revelations upon
another mind. The False Will requires intense concentration
between vampire and victim, and orders or instructions must be
precisely and clearly worded to be carried out. The imposed inspi-
ration may be acted upon immediately, or worldly events may recall
it later. Eye contact is required while the command is imposed.
The Cainite's command may be clear and unquestionable,
sueb 9g ""terymirarhe refectary" to "dran vour sword," Control can
also be protracted and much more subversive. Vampire and
victim need look into each other's souls no longer than it takes to
make the initial suggestion.

Commands issued cannot force the subject to harm herself
or defy her innate Nature. Only one idea may be inspired in a
subject at a time.

System: The player must roll Manipulation + Leadership
(difficulty equal to the target's Willpower). The number of successes
determines how well the suggestion is implanted. At fewer than three
successes, the subject cannot be forced to do anything that seems
strange to her. The subject might walk outside, but is unlikely to
pretend to be a chicken. At fewer than five successes, the suggestion
isefective unless heeding it would endanger the subject. A merchant
won't pick a fight with someone, but a bravo will in a heartbeat. At
five successes, nearly any sort of command can be issued.

¢¢e REVELER'S MEMORY

With this power, a vampire can steal and recreate the
memories of another. A subject's mind can bealtered only slightly
toeliminate memories of meeting or even being fed upon by the
vampire, or the vampire can utterly undo the victim's awareness
ofhis self, life and virtues.

Fortunately for the subject, the power is not always completely
effective; the victim may remember being bitten, but believe it to
have been by an animal in the manor copse. Other times, the victim
might recall her altered experiences through a trigger such as an
ador or spoken phrase or subconsciously through dreaming.

Ifanother's memories are known to have been altered by use
of this power, the Cainite can restore them. Others' falsified
memories can also be recognized in this manner. Unfortunately,
the vampire cannot use this power on himself.

System: Roll Wits + Subterfuge (difficulty is the target's
Willpowerscore), and then consult the following table tosee how
much may be done to the subject's memory.

To attempt to uncover removed memories or detect created
memories, the character must possess at least the level of Domi-
nate of the vampire who made the alterations, and must roll Wits

| + Subterfuge (difficulty equal to the Willpower score of the
original vampire), gaining more successes than did the character's
predecessor.
success Memory loss lasts a day.
2successes May remove, but not alter memory.

Ssuccesses May make slight alterations to memory.

4 successes May alter or remove entire scene from
subject's memory.
5 successes Whole periods of subject's life may be

reconstructed.

eee LURE OF SUBTLE WHISPERS

Through constant manipulation and subtle temptations, a
Cainite may make the subject more pliant to suggestion. Over
time, the soul cannot resist the vampire's Dominate and is more
resistant to the corrupting efforts of other immortals. Complete
control over a victim's mind is no small task, taking weeks or
sometimes months to accomplish.

Cainites often fill their servants' heads with subtle whispers
and distractions, ensuring these mortals' loyalty. Yet vampires must
pay a high price for the souls they purchase: retainers who have
been Dominated over time have little passion and certainly no
soul. They follow orders in letter rather than spirit; Dominated
retainers become like the walking dead.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Leadership (diffi-
culty is the target's Willpower). Conditioning is an extended
action. The Storyteller determines in secret how many successes
are required, and keeps track of how many are gained. Typically
between five to 10 times the subject's Self-Control is required.
Only through roleplaying may a player discern whether a target is
successfully conditioned.

The subject becomes so completely Dominated that neither
the vampire's presence nor eye contact is required to maintain
absolute control. He does exactly as he is told as long so he is within
earshot of his master. No command roll is necessary, unless the
subject is totally isolated from the vampire. Even if a command roll
is failed, the subject isstill likely to carry out part of the orders given.
Additionally, others find the subject more difficult to Dominate, as
conditioning raises others' difficulties by two (toa maximum of 10).

eeeee VESSEL

This power allows the vampire to perform the atrocity of
taking complete control of another's body and mind, making that
person the Cainite's vessel. By wholly stealing the mind of
another, a Cainite has absolute control over the subject's body,
and may use it as freely as he uses his own.

Aswith the power Lure of Subtle Whispers, such control comes
at a price. While the vampire controls his victim, the immortal's
body lies motionless, as if in torpor, and defenseless against attacks.
Vampires cannot use each other as vessels in this manner. Such
control over other vampires is only possible through a Blood Oath.

System: In order to make a vessel of another individual, a
character must completely strip away the target's Willpower. The
two square off in an opposed roll; the subject rolls Willpower, while
the vampire rolls Charisma + Intimidation (difficulty 7 for both).
For each success the attacker obtains over the other's total successes,
the target loses a point of Willpower. A victory by the subject does
nothing but prolong the struggle, for each success provides her with
that many extra dice to roll on the next turn. A botch by the
attacker, however, makes the subject permanently immune to a
character's Dominate attempts.

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

eeecee FEALTY

Fealty allows a vampire to ensure the loyalty of those who
voluntarily swear allegiance to her. Whenever a mortal or Cainite
freely makesan oath toa vampire who then uses Fealty, the subject
is locked into fulfilling the oath to the best of her ability. Whether
the subject has false intentions or is sincere but later changes her
mind, the oath is binding once it's uttered and Fealty is invoked.
The subject is unable to resist upholding the oath, though she may
act against the vampire in any matter not covered by the oath.

The Lasombra are said to manipulate their victims into
freely making oaths on even the worst deals, and then binding
them with Fealty.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Leadership (difficulty
is the target's Willpower). The number of successes determines
the duration of the Fealty, as follows:.

Isuccess One day

2 successes One week
3 successes One month
4 successes One year

5 successes 10 years

FortTITUDE

While all vampires possess a supernatural constitution that
allows them to quickly heal injuries to their undead bodies, Cainites
who possess the Discipline of Fortitude are able to withstand truly
devastating physical punishment without flinching. On the battle-
field, these Cainites shrug off sword blows and leap through storms
of arrows undeterred. Ventrue have been known to mock opponents
during duels by letting themselves be stabbed, just so the Ventrue
can trap their opponents' blades and deliver fatal counterattacks.

In addition, whereas most Cainites are very susceptible to
sunlight and fire, those with Fortitude are not easily bowed by
even these elemental forces.

System: Fortitude provides the ability to resist sunlight and fire.
Foreach level of Fortitude a character possesses, he may roll one die to
soak damage from fire and sunlight. A character's rating in Fortitude
is also added to his ability to soak other wounds (see Chapter Seven).

Mortis

This Discipline was developed by the Cappadocians in an
attempt to uncover the secrets of death. It seeks to explore many
aspects of death, from outright cheating it, to causing it with a
single touch. Rumor has it that masters of Mortis are able to defy
death itself. Practitioners of Mortis are often consumed with all
aspects of death and the afterlife.

¢ Masque oF DEATH

This power allows the vampire or a chosen subject to assume
a visage of death. Flesh becomes taut and sallow, and joints grow
rigid and stiff. Assuming the appearance of a corpse can be quite
useful — if a hunter searches a mortuary for a vampire, he would
be likely to ignore one under the effects of this power. The
Discipline may also be used as a dreadful curse, causing another
to appear as the walking dead.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Fe a

ap ae BS

System: The character assuming this form must simply
spend a Blood Point. If attempting to use the power on another,
the intended victim must be touched, a Blood Point must be
spent, and the player must make a Stamina + Medicine roll
(difficulty equal to the victim's Stamina + 3). The effects of this
power last until the next dawn or dusk. Characters under the
influence of this power subtract two from their Dexterity and
Appearance ratings (minimum of 1). A vampire affected by this
power may spend two Blood Points to remove its effects.

ee BLIGHT

This power allows the character to cause rapid aging in an
opponent. The victim begins to suffer the effects of old age: skin
becomes pallid and thin, bones become brittle, and the victim
may even begin to experience advanced effects of arthritis or
other ailments of the elderly.

System: This power requires the character to touch his
opponent. The player must then score a number of successes on
a Manipulation + Medicine roll (difficulty of the opponent's
Willpower) and expend one point of Willpower. Use of this
ability causes the victim to suffer the effects of extreme old age
(subtract three from all Physical Attributes, down to minimums
of 1). Cainites are affected by this power just as mortals are; itis
as if they were Embraced at a later age, though blood can still be
spent to increase Attributes.

A mortal who undertakes strenuous activity while under the
effects of this power risks heart failure. For each round the mortal
maintains such activity, she must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 6),
or suffer a heart attack. The effects of this power last until the
following dawn or dusk.

eee AWAKEN

A character who possesses this power can pry himself from
death's grip. The character can awaken himself or another vam-
pire who is in torpor.

System: By expending two Willpower Points, the charactercan
attempt to awaken himself or another vampire from torpor. The
character must then roll his permanent Willpower (difficulty varies
depending upon the target's Via). To obtain the difficulty, subtract
the target's Via from 10. Thus, the difficulty to awaken a character
with a Via of 6 would be 4. If attempting to awaken another vampire,
the character must touch the vampire he intends to awaken. If the
subject of this power was driven into torpor due to blood loss, she
awakens with one Blood Point.

DEATHS WHISPER

For a brief time the character sloughs off Caine's curse. While
the character is under the influence of this power he is not affected
by any of the traditional banes against vampires. His body is not
burned by sunlight, and holy water does not harm him in any way;
however, his body becomes nothing more than a corpse. A character
who is staked through the heart while under this power is still
paralyzed once the power's effects wear off. This state is beyond that j
of even torpor; the character cannot use Disciplines of any kind, and
is unaware of anything that transpires around him. For the duration
of the power, he is truly dead.


System: There is no cost to assume this form, although the
character must expend two Blood Points to awaken. While the
character is in this state he may take no actions whatsoever, and
even mental Disciplines may not be used.

Back DEATH .

By touchingan individual, the charactercan cause the victim
twexperience an early death (or, in the case of vampires, to enter
torpor). The victim, if mortal, begins to exhibit signs of plague:
sunken and blackened eyes, swollen lymphs and a sickly pallor of
the skin. Within one day, all bodily functions cease. Cainite
victims of this power enter torpor immediately.

System: The vampire must touch the intended victim, and the
player must roll Stamina + Occult (difficulty equal to the target's
Willpower) and expend two Willpower points. Success indicates
that the vampire has caused his target to expire (or go into torpor).

eeeeee Vicor Mortis

By feeding a corpse some his blood, the Cainite may reani-
mate the body, creating an undead servant that serves its master
until it falls completely into decay. This walking corpse cannot
talk (though some have been known to utter a low moan), but is
servant to its creator through the Blood Oath.

System: In order to reanimate a corpse, the character must feed
itthree Blood Points. As soon as the first drop falls onto its lips, the
corpse animates and begins to drink of its own accord. This can be a
dangerous time for the Cainite, as some corpses have been known to
continue feeding after the initial Blood Points have been taken.

A zombie created in the method has the same Physical At-
tributes as the original person, and the body appears as it did at the
time of creation. These creatures do possess some degree of intelli-
gence (lower all mental Attributes by one), but are so overwhelmed
by the bond to their masters that they seldom exhibit free thought.
They possess three extra Health Levels, do not suffer wound
penalties, and are destroyed when they reach Incapacitated.

These automatons crumble to dust on the third sunrise after
their creation. The duration of their existence can be extended by
feeding the creatures more blood at the time of creation — they
remain in existence for one additional day for each additional
Blood Point spent.

OBFUSCATE

The Devil, it is said, can hide himself from even the honest
man's sight. Certain Cainites may conceal themselves from
mortal vision through this uncanny power. By simply wishing to
remain unseen, a vampire skilled in Obfuscate can disappear,
even if he stands in full view of a crowd. Although his substance
stays the same, any observers who might see him are deluded into
thinking that he has vanished. Nor do the deceptions stop there.
This Discipline's more potent applications include changing
faces, concealing other people and objects, or even hiding one's
true thoughts behind a mask.

Although several clans use this power, it stands as the hallmark
of the hideous Nosferatu. Common lore suggests that Caine, oreven
God Himself, wassoaffronted by the original Nosferatu's appearance
that He cloaked the childe in secrecy so that He would not have bear
the sight of him. A lesser-known legend tells of Lilith's motherly

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES


compassion for her disfigured foster son. Through her arts, she taught
him to hide from his own reflection. Whatever the origin of this
power, the Nosferatu are most closely associated with its mastery.

Obfuscate and Auspex oppose each other. When a vampire
attempts to use her heightened perceptions to discover a hidden
opponent, she sees him if her Auspex rating is higher than his
Obfuscate. If his Obfuscate outranks her Auspex, he remains
undiscovered. If the two are equal, both vampires make a resisted
roll of Perception + Subterfuge (Auspex) verses Manipulation +
Subterfuge (Obfuscate). The difficulty for the roll is 7, and the
character with the most successes wins.

Under most circumstances, few mortals can penetrate
Obfuscate's devilish disguise. Many animals, however, may sense
(and fear) the vampire's presence, even if they cannot see him.
Children, saints and other innocents might also be able to pierce
this dark art, at the Storyteller's option.

¢ CLOAK OF SHADOWS

A Cainite who has not yet mastered the art of deception may
warp nearby shadows to cover his presence. In well-lit rooms, the
vampire can hide behind more solid obstacles like tapestries, fumni-
ture and shrubbery. Since shadows are exceedingly common in thi
candlelit world, finding suitable cover is rarely a problem. So longas
something exists that a person could hide within (or behind), the
Obfuscating vampire may remain hidden.

Once concealed, the Cainite must stand silent and still. Ifhe
moves, attacks or falls under direct light, the Cloak disappearsand
the creature stands revealed. The deception also cannot stand
close observation without fading.

System: If the character fulfills the criteria above, no roll is
necessary. So long as he remains quiet and motionless, noone but
a vampire with a high Auspex rating can see him.

@ ¢ CINSEEN PRESENCE

With a bit of experience, the vampire can move around
without being seen. Shadows seem to cling to him, and others avert
their eyes as he passes by. Unless someone deliberately seeks out the
Cainite, he stays out of mind as well as sight. People look away
without realizing they have done so, and often scurry off in nameless
fear. So long as the vampire disturbs nothing, he may come and go
as he pleases, staying out of sight indefinitely.

System: Again, no roll is necessary unless the character
speaks, attacks or otherwise draws attention to himself. If he
wants to cross a squeaky floor, tangled underbrush, water or some
other surface that might show where he's been, the player may
have to make a Wits + Stealth roll to determine how well the
vampire avoids a disturbance. Speaking without giving one's
position away demands three successes or more.

eee Mask OF A THOUSAND Faces

The Cainite with this power may masquerade as someone else!
This tactic is a favorite Malkavian trick. Although the vampire's
body itself does not change, any observer who cannot sense the
truth sees whomever the Cainite wishes him to see.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Acting (difficulty7)
to determine how well the disguise works. If the vampire tries tobe
someone else, it helps to know some facts about that person. This


is a more intimate age than the modern day, after all; when
someone shares a room with his friends or family, it is difficult to
impersonate him to their satisfaction. For especially difficult de-
ceptions, like fooling a lover, lieutenant or manservant, some bit
of personal knowledge or habit may be essential.

I success The vampire looks much the same as he
always does, with slight differences.

Zsuccesses He looks somewhat different; people don't eas-
ily recognize him or agree about his appearance.

3 successes He appears the way he wants to appear.

4successes Gestures, mannerisms, appearance and
voice completely transform.

S successes He may masquerade as someone of the

opposite sex or of a vastly different age or size.

¢eee VANISH FROM THE MIND''s EYE

This power is so advanced that the Cainite who knows it may
disappear from plain view. Even if he stands face-to-face with some
other person, he may simply fade away whenever he chooses. All but
the most jaded mortals would be stunned for a turn or two if the
person in front of them suddenly disappeared; one or two among a
large group might be able to react. Most people simply panic.
Especially weak-willed peasants or serfs wipe the memory of the
character from their minds, or cross themselves with fear and hide
away. Although vampires are not shaken so easily, even the undead
may be disconcerted if a companion vanishes this way.

System: The player rolls his character's Charisma + Stealth
twactivate this power. The roll's difficulty equals the target's Wits
+ Alertness (use the highest one in the group if he disappears in
tront of a crowd). With more than three successes, the vampire
disappears completely. With three or fewer, the character fades
hut does not vanish, becoming an indistinct, ghostlike figure. If
the player scores more successes than an observer's Willpower
rating, that person forgets that the vampire exists at all. So long
a's he does nothing to refresh the observer's memory, she will
recall him only in vague and tortured dreams.

CLOAK THE GATHERING

By extending his deceptions to cover a large area, the
Cainite may conceal others the way he once disguised himself.
Any Obfuscate power may be bestowed upon others nearby if the
vampire wants to do so.

As with anything, there is a price attached: any protected
person who compromises the Cloak exposes himself to view. If
theone who invokes the Discipline gives himselfaway, the Cloak
falls and everyone becomes visible. Tales tell of small armies
hidden this way during interclan warfare; when the Nosferatu
masters withdrew their veils, screaming ghoul warriors charged
into battle, often behind enemy walls. It's said that many Ventrue
forbid this practice within their domains.

System: The vampire may conceal one extra individual for
each dot of Stealth he possesses. Each power must be accounted
forin the usual ways (see above), but one roll counts for everyone.

¢ Sout Mask

Not all disguises run skin-deep. With this advanced power,
the vampire may conceal his soul-halo from another's Soulsight.
Although it works in all ways like the Mask of a Thousand Faces
ability, the Soul Mask disguises the character's true nature, nothis
features. If it suits him, he may appear mortal, innocent or more
corrupt than a thousand Vandals.

System: The player may choose only one "disguise" color per
time he purchases this power. If he wants his halo to appear blue-
white, for instance, it will be blue-white every time he uses the Soul
Mask. To change his color to red, he must buy this power a second
time. Otherwise, it works like the Mask of a Thousand Faces. Low
rolls only tint the halo's true color, not conceal it entirely.

OBTENEBRATION

This disturbing Discipline is practiced primarily by the Lasombra,
for they desire nothing less than power over all things, even over the
primordial abyss itself. Certainly, this power smacks of sinister, pre-
Christian forces, and few outside the Lasombra clan would dare to
wield powers of such problematic origin.

Obtenebration allows its practitioner to evoke a strange force
of "living darkness," the very stuff of shadow made tangible. The
exact source of this amorphous blackness is a subject of great
debate among the clan. Some Lasombra speculate of a great abyss
surrounding the planetary spheres, perhaps Hell, perhaps pagan
Stygia, perhaps something else entirely. Others, particularly those
on the Via Diabolis, sneeringly rebut that the darkness is nothing
more than the manifestation of its wielder's sin-tarnished soul.

This Discipline is exceedingly unnatural and intimidating to
most of God's creatures. Protracted use of Obtenebration almost
inevitably sends normal animals into a panic, and mortals must
often make Courage rolls upon confronting Obtenebration ef-
fects. Areas blanketed with Obtenebration often lose their color,
becoming bleached or stained.

The competitive Lasombra often view their use of this
Discipline as a "struggle for supremacy" with the forces of the
outer darkness. Lasombra who employ Obtenebration overmuch
sometimes find their steps haunted by mocking shades, and some
ambitious Lasombra have been known to disappear forever into
the shadows they have summoned.

¢ SHapow PLay

The vampire can manipulate shadows, shroud areas, dim
(though not extinguish) ambient illumination, and play other
"tricks of the light." Among other things, this allows the vampire
to warp or erase her own shadow, cloak herself or make her
silhouette more intimidating.

System: The vampire must spend a Blood Point to evoke the
power. The difficulties of all Intimidation and Stealth rolls the
vampire makes are reduced by one, and the difficulty to be hit by
missile weapons increases by one (the shifting shadows throw off
depth perception).

Additionally, this power is very disconcerting to mortals and
animals. Whenever this power is used in a mortal's vicinity, that
mortal must make a Courage roll (difficulty 8) or reduce all Dice
Pools by one due to creeping unease. Once a particular mortal has

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

successfully made a Courage roll against this power, he need never
do so again. Animals always lose a die and never overcome their
fear; indeed, most animals flee on exposure to this power.

¢¢ NocTuRNE

The vampire may blanket a swath of ground or sky with an
impenetrable inky darkness. This darkness is deeper than a
moonless night; only the subterranean caverns of inner earth
compare to it. Beings swallowed by this viscous matter find it
greatly disorienting and unnerving.

System: The vampire may automatically cloak a 10-foot-
diameter area (more or less — the darkness constantly roils,
seethes and extends "psuedopods"). The power can be projected
to a range in yards equal to 10 times the vampire's Perception +
Occult total. Each success with a Manipulation + Occult roll
(difficulty 7) enables the vampire to double the diameter of the
power. The darkness extinguishes light and even obscures sound;
most opponents are completely blinded and disoriented, and
even those with Heightened Senses or Witness of Darkness suffer
three-dice penalties to most actions. Furthermore, mortals and
animals swathed in the pitchy stuff must make Courage rolls as
under Shadow Play, above, or panic.

If the vampire uses the power to envelop a flame or flames
(torches, a hearth fire, etc.) and spendsa Willpower point (more for
pyres and conflagrations), he can actually douse the flames.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

bay
"45

CLL
eee ARMs OF AHRIMAN

‘The:vampire can summon one or more "tentacles" of solid |
darkness from a shadowy area. These tentacles may grasp, restrain
or even constrict foes.

System: A Manipulation + Occult roll (difficulty 7) mustbe
made; each success enables one tentacle to be evoked. A tentacle
is six feet long and has Strength and Dexterity scores equal tothe
vampire's Obtenebration rating; Blood Points may be spent ("fed'
to the tentacles) to increase these parameters (each Blood Point
spent increases Strength by one, Dexterity by one or length by six
feet). A tentacle does Strength + 1 crushing damage, has four
Health Levels and takes damage from fire and sunlight.

NIGHTSHADES

The vampire may evoke shadowy illusions. These illusionsare
monochromatic and murky, but may be of anything: the vampire
himself, monsters, walls, etc. The illusions are human-sized, but
successes may be spent to create larger images. Alternatively, the
vampire may use this power to infest an area with a chaotic
saraband of whirling shadows, disorienting all in the vicinity.

System: Each success on a Wits + Occult roll (difficulty 7)
allows the vampire to evoke one Nightshade or double the sizeof
a previously evoked Nightshade.

Alternatively, the vampire may blanket the scene with flit
ting, writhing shadows. All in the turmoil who do not posses
Obtenebration increase initiative difficulties by three and suffer


one-die penalty to all Dice Pools. Additional successes allow the
vampire to direct the Nightshades more precisely, perhaps sparing
ales o leaving certain areas unshrouded.

#000 TENEBROUS FORM

The vampire can turn her body into a slithering, undulating
shadow. Vampires in this form are virtually invulnerable, may slither
through the narrowest cracks, and may see in the deepest darkness.

System: Three Blood Points must be expended to use the
power, and the change takes three turns to occur. The vampire is
immune to physical attack, but may not physically attack others
(though she may wrap around and ooze over victims like a vast,
probing slime mold; such contact is extremely disconcerting and may
prompt a Courage roll to avoid panic). Fire and sunlight still inflict
nommal damage, and indeed are more painful to vampires in this form;
alldifficulties to avoid Rétschreck from these banes increase by one
solong as the vampire maintains this form.

seeeee WALK THE ABYss

The vampire may step into a human-sized or larger shadow and
exit another (of similar size) at another location. He may also reach
into a shadow and have his hand and forearm protrude through
anothershadow ata different location — for example, to graba victim
robject resting near the other shadow. Once grasped, the object may
tejerked through the "destination" shadow to the vampire's own.

System: The vampire must decide his exit point and inform the
Storyteller. Successfully traveling anywhere requires an Intelli-
gence + Stealth roll (difficulty 6), while successfully pulling someone/
something through requires an Intelligence + Brawl roll (difficulty
Tone success needed to grasp, two successes needed to pull the
victim through). Failing the roll means the vampire goes/reaches
nowhere; a botch means something from the abyss comes out.

The vampire may travel/reach a maximum distance equal to
five yards times his Intelligence + Stealth total. Additionally,
anyone who travels (or is pulled through) the "abyss" must make a
Courage roll (difficulty 5 for the power user, 6 for a willing traveler,
8forahapless victim) or enter panic/Rotschreck upon reemergence.
PoTENCE

Vampires with the Potence Discipline possess physical strength
teyond mortal bounds. Potence allows vampires to leap great
distances, lift massive weights and strike opponents with terrifying
force. Vampire nobles have been known to break open fortress gates
with their bare hands and cut war horses in two with one stroke of
agreatsword. In an age when military matters boil down to the
chshing of sword against sword, a knight with the strength of 10
men can turn the tide of battle.

Members of Clans Brujah, Lasombra and Nosferatu often
possess the Potence Discipline, although almost every clan finds
some use for it. Some Nosferatu believe that they will temporarily
{ose their superhuman strength if they do not periodically dine on
the vite of oxen, bears or similar physically powerful animals.

System: The character's rating in Potence provides her with
‘automatic successes on nearly all Strength rolls — one automatic
success per rating point. Thus she can succeed at most Strength feats
automatically without needing to make a roll at all. In melee and
trawling combat, the automatic successes count on the damage roll.

PRESENCE

This is the Discipline of supernatural attraction. With it, the
Cainites raise mobs, lead armies and sway the opinions of the highest
in the land. Presence is a subtle power, and while it has disadvan-
tages, it is one of the most useful Disciplines a vampire can have.

First, quite aside from its deliberate uses, Presence conveys
upon the vampire an indescribable mystique. Whatever her class
or appearance, the Cainite is always noticed, even by those above
her station. In fact, it is quite easy for viewers to believe that she
isactually froma social position a step or twoabove that which she
seems — but the facade needs to be bolstered by the right mode
of speech and proper courtesies. In the Dark Ages, etiquette is
more important to a disguise than looks, and Presence is most
useful to those who can shift their manners to fit the audience.

Second, some of these powers can be used on entire crowds
of people at once. The vampire's face must be clearly visible to
whomever she wishes to affect, but unlike Dominate eye contact
is not required.

Third, Presence transcends race, religion, gender, class and
(most importantly) generation. The vampire's basic noticeability
works on anyone, and the active powers have as much chance (in
theory) to work on a Methuselah as on the local blacksmith. In
practice, the older and tougher the Cainite, the more likely he is to
realize what is being attempted, and resist.

Anyone can resist Presence for a turn by spending a Will-
power point, but the affected person must continue spending
points until she is no longer watching the vampire. The simplest
way to deal with this is to turn around and stop looking. Normal
humans in this time will not think of this, though pagans and
other wisely superstitious folk have signs that ward off the "evil
eye" by covering both of their own.

The major drawback of this Discipline is that it controls only the
emotions. The reason and the will are both left intact, and the
Cainite cannot give direct verbal orders to those affected. Though
the peasantry might follow commands, most free mortals will not, and
the resentment the commands engender may mean losing control.
However, persuasion of the long-winded or monetary variety is very
useful when combined with Presence, and the Ventrue, at least, are
adept at using Presence and Dominate in efficient combination.

° Awe

Awe is very simple. Once the vampire employs this power,
those who are near her want to be closer to her. It is an immediate
and intense attraction, but not so overpowering that those af-
fected lose their sense of self-preservation.

Danger breaks the spell of fascination, as does leaving the area.
Victims will remember how they felt, though, and this will affect
their reactions should they ever encounter the vampire again.

Awe is extremely useful in mass communication. It does not
matter what is said — the hearts of those affected will lean toward
the user's opinion. The weak want to agree with the vampire; the
strong-willed soon find themselves outnumbered.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Acting (difficulty 7).
Those affected can use Willpower points to overcome the effect, but
must continue spending Willpower every few minutes for as long as
they remain in the same area as the character. However, as soon as a

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES


number of Willpower points equal to the number of successes rolled
is spent, the Awe is completely shaken off, and the subject can't be
affected for the rest of the scene.

The number of successes rolled also determines how many
people can be affected:

Isuccess One person

2 successes Two people

3 successes Six people

4 successes 20 people

S successes Everyone in the vampire's immediate vicin-

ity (e.g., an entire church or audience chamber)

¢¢ DREAD GAZE

This power engenders unbearable terror in its victims. Dread
Gaze, like the legendary hypnotism of the cobra, stupefies the
victim into madness, immobility or reckless flight.

Touse this power, the vampire merely shows the mark of Caine
upon him — baring claws and teeth, hissing loudly and with malice.
Any vampire can do this, but students of this Discipline are more
insanely terrifying than mere sight can explain.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Intimidation
(difficulty is the victim's Wits + 3). Any success indicates that the
target is cowed, while three or more successes indicate that he
runs away in fear. Moreover, each success subtracts one from the
number of dice the victim is allowed to roll the next turn.

This roll may only be attempted once per turn, though if
performed in successive turns, the vampire may collect successes
as an extended roll in order to subjugate the target completely.
Eventually the target may lose so many dice that he becomes
unable todo anything but curl up on the ground and weep. Failure
indicates that the attempt has faltered. All collected successes are
lost, the victim may act normally again and the player must start
over next turn. A botch indicates the victim is not at all
impressed, and any further use of Presence by the character is
ineffective against him this story.

@¢@ ENTRANCEMENT

This power turns others into the Cainite's willing servants.
Out of what seems to them true and enduring devotion, those
affected heed the vampire's every desire and command. They
retain their creativity and free will.

These spirited, obedient minions are more pleasant than the
mind-slaves created by Dominate, but somewhat unpredictable. In
addition, the uncertain duration of the effect can be troublesome.
The disenchanted are also often displeased. Wise Cainites either
dispose of those they Entrance or bind them more securely by a
Blood Bond, made much easier by the minion's willingness toserve.

System: The player must roll Appearance + Empathy (diffi-
culty of the target's Willpower) to Entrance a subject. Thenumber
of successes determines how long the victim is Entranced. There is
no way to extend a period of Entrancement.

[success One hour
2successes One day

3 successes One week
4 successes One month
5 successes One year

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

@¢¢¢ SUMMON

With this power, a Cainite can call to herself any person she
has ever met, across any distance. The summoned one comes,
perhapsnotknowing why, as fast ashe is able. He knowsexactlyhow
tofind the summoner, though not until he is about to take eachstep.
If the vampire moves between calls, the summoned one goes to the
new location — he is coming to the vampire, not following onder
to meet the Cainite at a specific place.

Though this ability is very powerful, it is more useful locally.
While a vampire in England could summon her bondsman back
from the Crusades, the journey from the Holy Land might take
years. Though a loyal servant could be trained to continue the
journey after only one call, in order to bring anyone else, the
Cainite would need to Summon every night until the person
arrives. Class distinctions are also a factor; if the subject has no
great resources at his disposal, the journey will take longer. The
only good news is that it is possible (in theory) for the poor
bondsman to walk and swim from any corner of the "known"
world to any other corner.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Subterfuge. Nor-
mally the difficulty for a Summon roll is 5, but if the subject isa
stranger, the difficulty increases to 7. If the Cainite has success-
fully used the Presence Discipline on the subject in the past, then
the difficulty is only 4, but if the target previously resisted the
vampire's Presence attempt it is an 8. The number of successes
indicates the subject's reaction:

1 success Target approaches, but slowly and hesitantly.

2 successes Target approaches reluctantly and is easily
thwarted by obstacles.

3 successes Target approaches with reasonable speed.

4 successes Target comes with haste, overcoming any
obstacles in his way.

S successes Target rushes to the character, doing

anything to get to him.
eeeee MAJESTY

This power heightens the general Presence mystique a thou-
sandfold. The beautiful become paralyzingly lovely; the hideous
become positively demonic. The Cainite inspires respect, devo-
tion, fear or all in almost everyone who sees her. Serfs obey
without thinking, free men treat her with the deference due
royalty, and royalty parley with her as an equal, at the very least.
No one who is affected would dare risk the vampire's displeasure
by touching her least garment, let alone her person.

Under the influence of Majesty, hearts break, power trembles,
and the strong-willed shake. The wise use it with caution; thekine
must keep face just as the Cainites must. Once cowed in public,
a king is useless as a tool. As for the Cainites... a vampire
remembers humiliation longer than even dragons do. Vengeance
lives for centuries.

System: The subject must make a Courage roll (difficulty s
the character's Charisma + Intimidation) if she wishes to be rude,
crass or even nonservile to the vampire. A subject who fails the
roll will go to absurd lengths to humble herself before the vampire
Kindred may spend a point of Willpower to overcome such
feelings if the roll is failed.


AASSION

This power allows the vampire to create wild passions within
an individual. It is usually used either to inspire love or to incite
the victim to rage. When inspiring love, the power works similar
to Entrancement, but is much more compelling. This power
duplicates the effects of a Blood Oath for as long as the target is in
the presence of the character. Alternatively, the vampire may
induce feelings of irritation and hostility in those around him. The
slightest spark provokes arguments and fights.

System: Successful use of this power requires a Manipulation
+ Subterfuge roll (difficulty of the target's Willpower). If success-
ful, the power allows the character an immense amount of influence
over the victim. This power affects a variable number of targets
depending on the number of successes.

If this power is used to incite rage, all vampires who are
affected must spend a Willpower point or immediately fall into a
frenzy. If the character again rolls successfully, another Will-
power point must be spent each turn in the character's presence.
The only way to avoid the need to spend a Willpower point is to
leave the vampire's presence.

Isuccess Two people

2successes Four people

3successes Eight people

4successes 20 people

Ssuccesses Everyone in the character's immediate vicinity

PROTEAN

This Discipline allows a vampire to manipulate the base
element of her being — her body. Perhaps this power is a worldly
teflection of the vampire's eternal mark — just as Caine's curse sets
his disciples' souls apart from those of God's children, so it sets his
disciples' bodies apart. A vampire can thus show the signs of the
Beast and become akin to the very earth and air.

Vampires with the Protean Discipline can grow claws, as-
sume the forms of wolvesand bats, change into mist and meld into
the earth. Most other Disciplines are still useful while changing
form, but some clearly are not. A Cainite in wolf form can read
auras and communicate with other animals, but a Cainite in mist
form cannot use Dominate because no eye contact is possible. In
all cases of shapechanging, clothes and personal items change
along with a vampire, but other beings and large objects cannot
be affected — heaven's protection of its own?

A vampire that has been staked and its soul trapped within
the mortal coil cannot transform, though some Cainites claim
that the truly powerful among them — those at higher levels of
the Discipline — can.

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

© WITNESS OF DARKNESS

The Cainite is able to see normally after sunset, without
torchlight, and can even perceive things hidden in the darkest
caves. When this power is used, the vampire's Beast makes itself
evident in his red, glowing eyes. Mortals have pronounced the
effect, perhaps accurately, "the evil eye."

System: No roll is made, but it takes one full turn for the
change to occur.

ee THLONS OF THE BEAST

The vampire can sprout long claws on each hand, like those
of a beast. The claws can rend flesh and armor; even a doughty
knight should be wary. The wounds inflicted are aggravated and
cannot be healed through the expenditure of Blood Points. Some
Cainites have been seen to bleed from the palms when this power
is summoned, the blood pooling in the shape of a pentagram.

System: No rolls need be made; the transformation is auto-
matic, requiring only a turn to occur. One Blood Point must be
spent each time claws are grown.

@ ¢¢ INTERRED IN THE EARTH

This power allows a Cainite to meld with and become one
with the earth. Some elders claim that because vampires defy
death, they can defy the rightful order of things. Onlookers see
vampires with this power actually sink into the bare ground.

Though a Cainite can wholly enter the ground, she cannot
move around within it. She must also be in direct contact with bare
earth. Even if the ground lies beneath a castle floor, she cannot pass
through the floor to enter the soil beyond.

Outdoors, away from haven and resting place, a vampire can
find full protection from daylight by interring her body. Perhaps
out of respect for God's order, some vampires sleep within the
earth for centuries as if attempting to find a proper death. Yet,
many seem to mock death, for in sleeping below they gain power
and strength. Like foolish, prattling peasants, some Cainites
whisper that thousands of Ancients sleep below the ground,
waiting to awaken on the night of Gehenna.

Surely the power to descend into the earth is absolute proof
of Cainites' damnation — sinking into Hell to receive Lucifers
direct commands.

System: No roll is necessary and the transformation is
automatic, but a Blood Point must be spent.

@@¢¢ FORM OF THE BEAST

A vampire with this power may transform into a wolf or bat. In
animal form, he retains his own morals but can call upon the wiles
and abilities of the beast — increased senses for wolf and flight for
bat. It is rumored that other forms are possible for vampires from
distant lands, and for some few among the known Cainite world. An
Egyptian vampire might transform into a cat or jackal; others have
been known to assume the forms of stags and vermin.

System: No roll is required, but the transformation requires
the expenditure of one Blood Point. Ittakes three turns tocomplete
the transformation (though the Storyteller may allow it inonetum
with the expenditure of three Blood Points).


———

|

¢eeee Bopy OF SPIRIT
Cainites dispute the origins and meaning of this power. Many
elders, often those Embraced before hearing the word of Christ,
maintain that Cainites who know their true selves are able to
transcend their bodies and become one with their spirits, forming
avery mist in the air. Some vampires Embraced more recently, and
whoare still true to Church and God, insist that the Damned are
not completely forsaken — that the ability to become mist is proof
ofasoul, whether barred from Heaven ortill capable of penance.
Regardless of its source, vampires with this power can turn
into mist. They may float at a brisk pace and may slip under doors,
down flues and through sack-clothed windows. Furthermore,
sunlight inflicts one fewer die of damage on vampires in mist form.
The vampire's ability to resist powerful winds perhaps demon-
strates that mist encompasses spirit or soul. Even storm winds flail
vainly when striving to tear apart a Cainite. Yet those same winds
can drive the vampire from her chosen path, like a leaf from a tree.
System: No roll is required, but the transformation requires
the expenditure of one Blood Point. It takes three turns to
complete the transformation (though the Storyteller may allow it
totake place in only one turn with the expenditure of three Blood
Points). Strong winds may buffet the vampire about; she may use
Potence, and only Potence, to resist.

BLlssFUL SLUMBER

Vampires of great will or conviction are able to sleep in mist
form, The power offers great protection, but the vampire cannot
beroused by noises or commotion surrounding her resting place.
Only a breeze that disturbs her can wake her.

System: No roll is required, but the transformation requires
the expenditure of five Blood Points when the vampire rests. Mist
form is retained until the vampire rises again, whereupon physical
form is resumed. Physical attacks cannot affect a vampire sleeping
in mist form, but the vampire cannot awaken before dusk unless
her mist form is physically disturbed.

QUlETUS

The unlife of an Assamite centers around two things: silent
death and the power of blood. The clan's Discipline of Quietus
embodies these, endowing the Assamite hashashiyyin (assassin)
with mystic powers to further the clan's fanatical cause.

Storytellers and players of Vampire: The Masquerade will
note differences in this version of Quietus. This is the Discipline
as it was practiced before the Tremere laid the ritual that pre-
vented the Assamites from committing diablerie. Storytellers

| running modern Vampire chronicles may wish to use this version

for the Assamite antitribu.

* SILENCE OF DEATH

Many Assamite hashashiyyin claim never to have heard their
Cainite victims' final screams before their blood is released to
strengthen the clan. When invoked, Silence of Death surrounds
the Assamite with preternatural calm. No sound originates from
the area directly around the vampire. Nothing — not footfalls,
doors creaking open, bed curtains rustling or Final Death screams

can break the utter stillness that surrounds the Assamite. How-
ever, sounds originating outside the power's area of influence
travel normally into the area.

System: Activation of this power evokes complete silence in
the area immediately surrounding the Assamite. Generally, a
small room (about 15 feet square) can be blanketed with silence.
This power costs one Blood Point to create and lasts approxi-
mately an hour per activation.

ee WEAKNESS

Assamites have developed control over mystic properties of
Cainite blood. They are able to change the properties of their own.
blood and utilize them to create an arsenal of deleterious effects
on mortals and other Cainites.

The power of Weakness allows an Assamite to transform his
own blood into poison and infect the body of his victim. The
Assamite simply chooses a portion of his body, usually the palm,
and some of his blood instantly seeps out onto the surface of his
skin and transmutes itself into the Weakness toxin. As soon as the
Assamite can press the toxin to the flesh of his prey, it infects the
victim and robs her of her vigor.

System: Successful use of this power requires that the Assamite
touch the victim (usually via hand contact), spend one Blood
Point and succeed in a Willpower roll (difficulty equal to the
target's Stamina + Fortitude). If successful, the victim loses one
point of Stamina. The number of successes scored on the roll
determines how long the Stamina is lost.

Isuccess One turn

2 successes One hour

3 successes One day

4 successes One month

5 successes Permanently (though Stamina can be

bought back up with experience)

Ifamortal is reduced to zero Stamina by this power, she becomes
very sick and loses her immunities to disease. If a Cainite is reduced
tozero Stamina by this power, she immediately enters torporand does
not recover until one of her Stamina points returns. If all a Cainite's
Stamina is permanently destroyed, she may only recover from torpor
through mystical means.

ee DISEASE

This power is similar to Weakness, only more devastating.
Both mortals and Cainites may fall ill at the Assamite's touch, as
their lifeblood trickles out their ears, noses and mouths. Victims
become disoriented, as many in the grip of fever do, and may show
signs of illness long after their afflictor leaves.

System: To use the Disease power, the attacker must expend
three Blood Points, touch his foe and make a Willpower roll
(difficulty of the opponent's Willpower). If successful, the victim
loses one point from all three Physical Attributes. The number of
successes indicates the duration of this power's effects (per Weak-
ness, above). If either Strength or Dexterity is reduced tozero, the
target cannot move until a point of one or the other is recovered.
The effects on Stamina are equivalent to those of Weakness.

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

Bioop Heony

Other Cainites fear the weapons of the Assamite, and with just
cause. Blood Agony allows an Assamite to poison any weapon with
his own blood. This blood-turned-poison causes aggravated wounds
toany Cainite struck by the coated weapon. In the midst of pitched
melee, Assamites are often seen licking their own daggers, thereby
cutting their tongues and bleeding onto their weapons.

Blood Agony works on almost any bladed weapon, from daggers
to swords to spears, or even fingernails. Weapons like arrowheads,
however, will not be able to hold the blood, especially in flight.

System: Weapons coated using Blood Agony inflict damage
normally, but each wound inflicted is an aggravated one. Each
extra Blood Point used on a weapon allows that weapon to inflict
aggravated wounds on an additional hit. Thus if an Assamite
spent two Blood Points coating his broadsword, he could hit once
and inflict aggravated damage, miss and then hit again for
aggravated wounds. No more hits would cause this sort of damage
until he again coats the blade. Note that if a character hits but
does no damage, the blood is used but no aggravated wounds are
inflicted. Smaller weapons may not be able to hold more than one
Blood Point at a time, at the Storyteller's discretion.

eee BLoop EssENCE

Blood Essence allows Assamites to diablerize their victims
without themselves feeding upon and sucking out the final essence
of those victims. The Assamite may bleed his victim's vite intoany
suitable container and use Blood Essence to draw out the victim's
life force so that it flows with the blood into the container. Any
Cainite who subsequently drinks the entire contents of the Blood
Essence draught gains the benefits as if he had directly diablerized
the victim. Unfortunately, the potency of Blood Essence draughts
only lasts for a few days after drawn from the victim.

System: Instead of the normal Strength roll required to
"bleed" the last Health Levels from a diablerized victim, the
character must instead succeed in an extended Willpower roll
(difficulty 9), accumulating enough successes to deplete the
remaining Health Levels of the victim. Once the victim expires,
the collected blood has its full potency.

° Bioop SWEAT

The Assamite master of Quietus is able to command the
blood of another vampire, causing a Cainite victim to lose large
quantities of vite through profuse sweating. Not only does the

RETAIN THE Quick BLooD

Quietus 3, Celerity 3

Assamites who achieve some mastery of Quierus and
Celerity are said to have developed control over the vita: they
use to give them speed. Those who master this ability are able
to recover the blood spent inducing speed through Celerity.

Any blood spent by the Assamite to buy extra actions
through Celerity returns to the Assamite's Blood Pool as if
ithad never been used. Blood Points are restored at the rate
of one per hour. This power costs 15 experience points.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGE:


victim lose valuable vitae, but sweating blood at inopportune
moments can create all kinds of social difficulties in the reli-
giously zealous Dark Ages.

System: The vampire must be able to see the target, and
must successfully roll Willpower (difficulty of the target's Stamina
+3). The number of successes signifies the number of Blood
Points the target loses. The blood drains from the target's body at
arate of two Blood Points per round, to the maximum indicated
by the dice. A mortal target who is reduced to two or fewer Blood
Points dies as a result of blood loss. A Cainite target risks frenzy
or Rétschreck (the former if Self-Control/Instincts is lower than
Courage, the latter if the reverse is.true) from blood loss.

SERPENTIS

Serpentis is the legacy of Set, his gift to his children. The
Followers of Set carefully guard this Discipline's secrets, teaching
the art of corruption only to those they deem worthy (almost
never outsiders). Most Cainites fear the Setites purely because of
this Discipline, the way of the serpent and the tempter. Serpentis
can evoke an almost primordial fear in others, particularly those
who recall the tale of Eden. After all, hiss the Setites, the serpent
was an evil older than even Caine himself.

¢ THE EYES OF THE SERPENT

This power grants the Setite the legendary hypnotic gaze of
the serpent. The Setite's eyes become gold with large black irises,
and mortals in the character's vicinity find themselves strangely
attracted to him. A mortal who meets the vampire's beguiling
gaze is immobilized. Until the character takes his eyes off his
mortal victim, the person is frozen in place.

System: No roll is required, but this power can be avoided if the
mortal takes care not to look into the Setite's eyes. Vampires and other
supernatural creatures (Lupines, mages, et al.) can also be affected by
this power if the Setite makes a Willpower roll (difficulty 9).

¢¢ THE TONGUE OF THE Asp

i The Setite may lengthen her tongue at will, splitting it into
afork like that of a serpent. The tongue may reach 18 inches and
makes a terrifyingly effective weapon in close combat.

System: The tongue's razor fork opens aggravated wounds
(difficulty 6, Strength damage). If the Setite wounds her enemy,
she may drink blood from the target on the next turn as though
she had sunk her fangs into the victim's neck. Horrifying though
it is, the tongue's caress is very like the Kiss, and even strikes
mortal victims helpless with fear and ecstasy.

¢¢e BITUMENOUS FLESH

This power allows the user to mummify herself, shriveling
into an almost invulnerable form. Bitumenous Flesh induces a
state similar to torpor; only sunlight and fire can harm the
mummified Setite. However, the character is completely immo-
bile,and may not even employ those Disciplines that are normally
active during torpor. The character can only be revived from this
state by the taste of blood. Rumors speak of powerful Setite elders
who took the form of Bitumenous Flesh long ago, and still wait for
loyal followers to awaken their evil once again.

System: No roll is required to evoke Bitumenous Flesh, but.
the change takes one turn.

@ eee THE FORM OF THE COBRA

The Setite may change his form into that of a huge black
cobra. The serpent weighs as much as the vampire's human form,
stretches over eight feet long, and is as thick as a woman's thigh.
The Form of the Cobra grants several advantages, including a
venomous bite, the ability to slither through small holes and a
greatly enhanced sense of smell. The character may use any
Disciplines while in this form save those that require hands (such
as Talons of the Beast).

System: The Setite spends one Blood Point; the change is
automatic, but takes three turns. The Storyteller may allow the
Setite bonus dice on all Perception rolls related to smell, but the
difficulties for all hearing rolls are increased by two. The cobra's
bite inflicts damage equal to the vampire's, but the vampire does
not need to grapple his victim; furthermore, the poison delivered
is fatal to mortals.

@eeee CHEAT THOTHS SCALE

The Setite with mastery of Serpentis may pull her heart from
her body. She can even use this ability on other Cainites, although
this requires several hours of gruesome surgery. Only the new moon,
the invisible moon, may grant this power success. If performed under
any other moon, the rite fails. Upon removing her heart, the Setite
places it ina small clay urn, and then carefully hides or buries the urn.
She cannot be staked by any wood that pierces her breast, and finds
it easier to resist frenzy. The heart is the seat of emotion, after all, and
so the difficulties of all rolls to resist frenzy are two lower.

Setites are careful to keep their hearts safe from danger. If
someone seizes her heart, the Setite is completely at that person's
mercy. The Setite heart can only be destroyed by casting it into a
fire or exposing it to sunlight. If this happens, the Setite dies where
she stands, boiling away intoa blistering heap of ash and blackened
bone. Plunging a wooden stake into an exposed heart drives the
Setite into instant torpor.

A Setite may carry her heart with her, or have several false hearts
buried in different places. A Setite often avoids her heart's hiding
place, to deter discovery. Those wise in Setite lore whisper that the
corrupt elders of the clan often hold their underlings' hearts, the better
tocontrol the errant hatchlings. Many vampires seek out Setite hearts
in order to increase their power base or keep the Serpents at bay.
Needless to say, these are exceptionally hazardous quests.

System: This power requires no roll. Those who witness a
Setite pull his heart from his breast (or cut the heart from another
Cainite) must make Courage rolls. Failure indicates anything
from strong uneasiness to complete revulsion and even Rétschreck.

ee e¢eee BREATH OF THE BASILISK

The Setite may call on her inner corruption and spew it forth
in a poisonous cloud of taint. This airborne poison is powerful
enough to wither trees and even corrode stone. The breath covers
an area roughly three feet across, and can catch someone's head
and torso if well aimed. This power was given its current name by
a horrified Toreador who watched his Lasombra patron wither
and perish, eaten away by an angry Setite elder's bile.

System: The Setite spends one Blood Point to exhale a fine
mist. In melee, the Setite can roll Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 6)
to catch an opponent up to six feet away. The target may attempt

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

to dodge the cloud (the only hope for most). Each success inflicts
one Health Level of aggravated damage, soakable only by Fortitude.
The targets are likely poisoned as well, and mortal victims may well
die within hours. This power can also be used to corrode inanimate
objects; generally speaking, one breath pits and weakens an inch's
depth of stone, corrodes metal blades into uselessness (if not
destroying them), or thoroughly rots wood as thick as an inch.

HATCH THE VIPER

Serpentis 4, Protean 2

This rare and horrific power is known to Setites alone.
The members of any other clarvare hard-pressed to master
Serpentis to this degree, much less find a Follower of Set
willing to teach the ability. The Setite spends four.Blood
Points and an entire round to work the ability; n6 roll is
needed. The following turn, the Setite may disgorge from
his mouth a living poisonous serpent, formed from his
blood. The serpent (which is considered a ghoul with
Fortitude 1) may act independently, but follows its
"parent's" commands. It must be fed one Blood Point every
three nights, or else break down into a mass of tainted
plasm. Drinking the venomous remains immediately causes
four Health Levels of damage, soakable only by Fortitude.

The Setite may create and maintain as Many serpents
as he likes; the serpents must be féd'their master's blood,
however. Cainites with Animalism may communicate
with created serpents, but the snakes always Feflect too
much of theit master's personality to pasy'for natural
animals. Created serpents have a distinct pattern, each
one unique to the creator (gold diamonds on black skin
seems to be a common motif). Acquiring this power costs
18 experience points.

THAUMATURGY

The Discipline of Thaumaturgy is one of the Tremere's most
closely guarded secrets. It gives the clan an edge over other
Cainites that they will not relinquish easily. Its power and
unpredictability are among the reasons that this burgeoning,
enemy-plagued clan has been able to survive.

Thaumaturgy combines hedge magic and older pagan arts
with the high ritualistic magic practiced by the Order of Hermes.
While few mortal wizards know of Thaumaturgy, those who do
fear and loathe it as an aberration of true magick.

Thaumaturgy is divided into two parts — rituals and Paths.
Rituals are prepared formulae and spells designed to fulfill specific
purposes. Paths, on the other hand, are closer to true magick, in
that they allow the vampire to create various effects, instantly,
through the power of vampiric blood. Several Paths are available
to the student of Thaumaturgy, offering many possibilities. It is
this versatility which has proved so useful to the Tremere; one
never knows what to expect from a practitioner of this Discipline.

Upon learning Thaumaturgy the character may choose one
Level One Ritual and one dot in the Path of his choice.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

THAUMATURGICAL PATHS

One of the powers gained from the study of Thaumaturgy is
knowledge of the Via Vim or Paths of Power. The first Path a
character learns is generally taught to him by his sire. During the
course of a chronicle a character may learn additional Paths from
a tutor or by studying a manuscript. Experience points are also
necessary to acquire and progress in these Paths; the costs forsuch
are listed in Chapter Seven.

The first Path learned is referred toas the character's primary
Path; additional Paths learned are referred to as secondary Paths.
A vampire can learn as many secondary Paths as he has access to,
though he will always be more adept at his primary. A vampire
may only choose to learn secondary Paths once he has acquired at
least two dots in his primary. Furthermore, his primary Path must
always be at least one level higher than any of his secondary, at
least until he has achieved mastery in his primary. Only once the
vampire has reached mastery (five dots) in his primary may he
raise a secondary to the same level.

Each time these individual powers are employed, a Blood Point
must be spent and a Willpower roll must be made against a difficulty
of the power's level + 3. A failure on the roll indicates that the magic
fails. A botch indicates that a permanent Willpower point is lost.

REGO VITHE

¢ A Taste For Boop

This ability was developed by the Tremere as a means of
gauging the strength of their enemies —something very important
toaclan whose very existence has been constantly in jeopardy. By
tasting the blood ofa mortal or Cainite, the vampire may determine
how much blood is left in the individual, or how recently a vampire
has fed and the subject's approximate generation.

System: The number of successes determines how much
information is received and how accurate it is.

ee Boop RAGE

This power allows a vampire to cause another Cainite to use
blood against her will, thus potentially weakening the opponent. The
intended target must be touched — only the lightest brush is required
—causing the blood to be instantly spent. A vampire so affected may
feel the effects as the blood rushes through, heightening a Physical
Attribute of the Thaumaturgist's choice. This power is also often used
toincite frenzy in other Cainites. The expenditure of blood causes the
subject to become more excitable, as well as reducing the amount of
blood available, possibly causing the victim to enter a feeding frenzy.

System: Each success forces the target to spend one Blood
Point immediately in a way the Thaumaturgist desires. Each success
gained also adds one to the difficulty to resist frenzy for that round.

¢¢e BLoop OF PoTENCY

This power has been vital to the spread of Tremere influence,
even in the clan's infancy. The vampire may concentrate his own
blood, causing it to become more potent, effectively lowering his
generation.

System: Successes gained when attempting this power must
be spent both to decrease the vampire's generation and to create a
duration in hours. Each success equals one generation or one hout.


—

eeee THEFT OF VITHE

A vampire who possesses this power may siphon the very life
essence from a target. The vampire may mystically drain the
blood from a mortal or Cainite without ever coming into contact
with the target. The blood taken is transferred directly to the
Thaumaturgist as if she had drunk from the target.

System: The number of successes determines how many
Blood Points are transferred. The blood to be stolen must origi-
nate from within 50 feet and the victim must be in clear view. The
source of the attack will be obvious.

CAULDRON OF BLoop

This devastating attack causes the blood of an intended
victim to boil like water overa flame. The vampire must touch his
target, causing the blood to simmer within the target's veins. This
virtually ensures the death of any mortal, and can inflict great
harm to vampires.

System: The number of successes gained determines how
many Blood Points may be boiled. The victim also loses one
Health Level for every Point boiled. A single success kills nearly
any mortal, though not necessarily a ghoul.

CREO IGNEM

The control of flame is a powerful thing in the Dark Medi-
eval world, particularly for a vampire. Fire is one of the few
methods by which a vampire can be destroyed, and is a dangerous
weapon. This Path allows the Cainite to create flames: small ones
at first, but larger conflagrations may be created by those more
proficient with Thaumaturgy.

The flames created by the Thaumaturgist are not natural. In
fact, many believe they are demonic in origin. The flames cannot
bum objects until they have been released by the Cainite.
Therefore, a "palm of flame" does not burn the vampire's hand
and create an aggravated wound — it only produces light. Once
the fire has been released, however, it burns normally and the
character has no control over it.

System: The number of successes determines how long the
fire may be "held" before being released — one minute for each
success gained. The Storyteller may require a Perception +
Alertness roll to place the flame in the desired spot.

Individual descriptions are not provided for each level of this
Path as each level is fairly self-explanatory. The chart below de-
scribes the Path level required to create a certain amount of flame.

° Candle

oe Palm of flame
Campfire
Bonfire
Conflagration

Reco Morus

Thaumaturgists who choose this Path may control the
movement of objects through the power of their blood. At greater
levels, Rego Motus even confers the power of flight. Objects
under the character's control may be manipulated as he wishes;
they may be lifted into the air or spun in circles. Even living
creatures may be affected. Objects cannot be moved faster than

oe. 3
DISCIPLINES


the character can move himself, so objects cannot be "thrown"
with any great ability. However, objects may be manipulated as
if by the vampire's own hands; an axe can chop at people or trees,
assuming the Cainite is advanced enough to lift the object.

This Path is extremely useful for frightening mortals without
directly confronting them. Some people become quite cowed
when objects begin moving about on their own.

System: The number of successes determines how long a
particular object may be manipulated — generally one turn for
each success gained. At the end of the duration the vampire may
attempt to maintain control by making a new test. If the test is
successful, the control is maintained.

If this Path is practiced on a living creature, the subject can
attempt to resist; the caster and the subject match Willpower in
an opposed roll.

Individual descriptions are not provided for each level of this
Path as each level is fairly self-explanatory. The weight of the
object moved is very important; a certain rating is necessary even
to attempt to move certain objects. Once a vampire achieves a
rating of 3, he is able to levitate himself, no matter how much he
weighs. Otherwise, weight restrictions apply.

. One pound
. 20 pounds
aoe 200 pounds

500 pounds
1000 pounds

REGO TEMPESTAS

This Path places the forces of the weather under the
Thaumaturgist's control. The character can affect the elements as
she desires, causing the weather to become suddenly dark and
stormy on a bright and sunny day. This can be a most useful talent
for any Cainite, particularly advantageous if one needs to move
about during the day.

System: The number of successes gained determines how
long it takes to effect the desired changes in the weather. One
success generally means an entire day, while five indicates an
almost immediate change.

The difficulty for affecting weather may vary depending
upon the degree of variance the character is trying to create. The
Storyteller may add or subtract from the difficulty depending
upon the current weather conditions. For example, it is easier to
summon a lightning bolt during a thunderstorm than to summon
a rainstorm in the middle of the desert.

When summoning a lightning strike the player must roll
Perception + Archery to attempt to hit a specific target.

Individual descriptions are not provided for each level of this
Path as each level is fairly self-explanatory.

7 Fog

ee Rain
Wind
Storm
Lightning strike (roll 10 damage dice)

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Reco AQuAM

The control of water was one of the first Paths discovered by
the Tremere. This Path, perhaps more than any other, has taken
unwary Cainites by surprise. Traditionally, vampires do not have
much to do with water; they have very little use for it as they do
not need to bathe or drink. Ir is rumored that the very spirits of
water commune with the vampires who follow this Path, granting
them great power over water in its many forms. Some say that the
spirits of water favor these Thaumaturgists, and at times will
perform favors for them. Others say that they are coerced into
performing these services.

Vampires who specialize in this Path and Rego Elementum
are often known as Elementalists.

© EYES OF THE SEA

By peering into a body of water, the Thaumaturgist can view
events that have transpired in the surrounding area as if she were that
body of water. This power grants credence to the belief that the
Thaumaturgist is in direct contact with the spirits of the water.

System: The number of successes determines how far into
the past the Thaumaturgist can look.

1 success One day

2 successes One week
3 successes One month
4 successes One year

5 successes 10 years

A body of water can be anything from a lake to a puddle
Obviously, oceans and rivers are not standing bodies.

PRISON OF WATER

At the command of the Thaumaturgist, water rises up and
imprisons the intended target. A substantial amount of water
must be present for this power to be effective, although a small
amount of water can be formed into manacles stronger than
forged steel. Mortals caught within this watery prison will soon
drown. Vampires cannot drown, but can be crushed if the water
pressure is great enough.

System: The number of successes scored is the number of
successes the trapped being must score on a Strength roll (difficulty
8; Potence adds successes) to break free. The target can only be held
in one prison at a time. The Thaumaturgist can dissolve it at will

@¢¢ DEHYDRATE

This power allows the vampire to remove water directly from
a living body, causing the victim horrible internal wounds as the
body slowly withers toadesiccated husk. Victims of this power are
often believed to have succumbed to some horrible plague.

System: The target can resist this power by rolling Stamina +
Survival (difficulty 9). Each success scored by the Tremere over the
target's total number of successes causes the target to lose one
Health Level. These wounds can be healed normally. Vampires
lose Blood Points instead of Health Levels, though Health Levels
are removed once all blood is gone. The victim, mortal or immor-
tal, must also make a Courage roll (difficulty of the number of
successes that the Tremere scored + 3) to take any action the next
turn. Failure means the victim has been incapacitated by the pain.


¢ FLowinc WALL

By touching the surface of a standing body of water, the
Thaumaturgist may cause the water to rise up intoa wall, impassable
by supernatural creatures, including vampires, werewolves, faeries
and even ghosts. The wall remains standing until the next sunrise
orsunset, at which time it collapses into its natural state. The wall
cannot be climbed in any manner, though it may be flown over.

System: The number of successes gained limits the height of
the wall — 10 feet for each success gained.

When creating a wall, the Thaumaturgist must spend three
Willpower points. To break the barrier, an intruder must make a
Strength + Courage roll (difficulty 9). Atleast three successes are
required, and they cannot be accumulated. Note that the Flowing
Wall also blocks its creator, though he can remove it at will.

¢ BLoop TO WATER

At this level the Thaumaturgist's power over water has be-
come so great that he can create water from other substances. The
most widespread use of this power is to transform a victim's blood
into water with but a touch. It is rumored that some Tremere can
transform other liquids into water, though certainly the transforma-
tion of blood is the most useful, at least as an attack.

System: Each success converts a Blood Point to water. This
is almost immediately fatal to mortals. Besides destroying a
vampire's vitae, such an attack inflicts wound penalties to Dice
Pools just as if the vampire had actually suffered an equivalent
number of wounds. The water evaporates after the vampire sleeps,
but the blood does not return.

The Storyteller may allow characters to transform other
liquids into water (difficulty fewer by one). Of course, the liquid
must still be touched.

REGO ELEMENTUM

Thaumaturgists who follow this Path learn to unlock the
secrets of the inanimate world, giving them closer ties with all
things natural. This is considered anathema by many Cainites
because of its ties to the world of the living. Afterall, vampires are
the undead and should have nothing to do with the living world.
As with Rego Aquam, most view this Path as a means of
communion with elemental spirits.

¢ ELEMENTAL STRENGTH

This power allows the vampire to draw upon the spirits of the
Earth to increase his physical attributes without the need for blood.
Avery potent power indeed, especially for those of higher generation.

System: The vampire spends two Willpower points to in-
crease Strength, Dexterity and Stamina by one dot each. The
number of successes gained indicates the number of turns the effect
lasts. For each turn the heightened Attributes are maintained,
however, the vampire must spend another Willpower point.

¢¢ WooDEN TONGUES

A vampire employing this power may speak, at least in a
limited fashion, with the spirit of any inanimate object. While
inanimate objects have only a limited concern for what goes on
around them, Wooden Tongues allows a vampire to get at least
the impression of what an object has experienced. The memories

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

KIS


i

\

= ol
of such objects are limited and may seem extremely strange and
foreign to the character. What is important toa vampire may not
necessarily be of importance to a stone.

System: The number of successes gained determines the
amount of information received.

eee ANIMATE THE CINMOVING

Chairs grab their occupants, doors swing open and closed,
and swords leap out of their owners' hands when this power is
used. An object cannot take actions impossible for its form (adoor
can't pick someone up and carry her across a street), but objects
with legs can run, wooden stakes can twist out of hands, and
statues can mimic human life.

System: Use of this power requires the expenditure of a
Willpower point. Each use makes one object within the character's
line of sight come to life. The object remains animated as long as
the caster keeps it in line of sight.

@¢¢ ELEMENTAL FORM

With this power, the character can take the form of some
inanimate object of equal size and weight.

System: The number of successes gained determines how
accurate the change is. At least three successes are required to allow
the character to use any senses or Disciplines while in this form.

SUMMON ELEMENTAL

Summon Elemental allows the character tosummon one of the
traditional elementals of myth and legend. Beings of water, earth,
fire andair appear within five feetof the character. The Thaumaturgist
may choose what type of elemental he wishes to summon.

System: These beings require the presence of some amount of
their natural element to be invoked, and may or may not follow
their summoner's instructions. The number of successes gained
determines the general power of the elemental summoned and what
degree of control the character has over the summoned elemental.

The exact abilities of the summoned elemental are deter-
mined by the Storyteller. Assume 3 in all Physical Attributes.
One point may be added to the elemental's Attributes for each
success gained by the caster (the caster determines where these
points are assigned). Damage and special attacks relating to the
element should be determined by the Storyteller.

Once the elemental has been summoned, the caster must try to
gain control over it. The more powerful the summoned elemental,
the more difficult it will be to control. The caster must roll Wits +
Occult (difficulty equal to the number of successes gained when the
elemental was summoned + 4). If no successes are gained, the caster
has no control over the elemental.

1 success Theelemental will probably notattack the caster.

2 successes The elemental will behave favorably toward
the caster and may perform a favor in
exchange for payment (the form of payment
should be determined by the Storyteller).

3 successes The elemental will usually perform one favor.

The elemental will serve the caster in any
way that does not risk its own existence.
The elemental will perform any task the
caster desires.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

4 successes

5 successes

RITUALS

Akin to the formulae prepared by hedge wizards, rituals are
rigid, meticulously prepared, but powerful spells which must be
performed under a specific set of circumstances and according to
exacting procedures. All Tremere who know Thaumaturgy have
the ability to cast rituals. By learning the basic concepts of
Thaumaturgy, an apprentice acquires a familiarity with the magi-
cal formulae required to perform such castings.

Each Thaumaturgical ritual in Vampire: The Dark Ages is
rated in power from one to five (or higher, in some cases). A
character must have a Thaumaturgy rating at least equal to the power
level of the ritual in order to perform it successfully. Unless stated
otherwise, rituals take at least five minutes per level to cast.

Sometimes material components are required, as stipulated
by the ritual itself. These could include such things as feathers,
wood splinters, mud, herbs, bones, eye of newt and frogs' toes.
Blood is used in many rituals.

At the first level of Thaumaturgy, the vampire automatically
gains a single Level One ritual. In order to learn further rituals, a
character must find a teacher (or discover the ritual in a scroll or
manuscript) to instruct him in the proper procedures and incanta-
tions. Learning how to perform a ritual properly can take anywhere
from a few days (Level One ritual) to many years (Level Five ritual).

In order to cast a ritual successfully, the caster must make a
successful Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 4 + the level of the
ritual). Generally, only one success is needed for the ritual to be
successful.

In latercenturies, the Tremere are able to cast rituals without
the risk of failure. However, during the Dark Ages Thaumaturgy
is a relatively new practice, its ways still largely unknown. It is
because of this uncertainty that a roll is required to determine the
success or failure of a ritual. Should the roll to cast a ritual fail, the
Storyteller should feel free to ad-lib strange occurrences or even
make it appear thata ritual wasa success, only to reveal a fatal law
ata later date. A botch might indicate a catastrophic side effect,
possibly even a demonic manifestation.

LEVEL ONE RITUALS
DEFENSE OF THE SHCRED HAVEN

This ritual blankets an area in utter darkness, providing a
secure haven in which a vampire may spend the daylight hous.
Ithas proved extremely useful for Tremere on the run from others
oftheirkind. Once the ritual is cast, no sunlight may pass through
any window within 20 feet of where the ritual is performed. The
caster must use his own blood to draw an appropriate sigil on each
window in the ritual's area of effect. The ritual lasts for only as long
as the Tremere stays within the area effect.

System: This ritual takes an hour to perform, during which
time the proper sigils must be drawn on every window of the
chamber. These sigils are commonly drawn on the shutters or just
above the windowpanes, or directly on the glass if such exists. At
least one Blood Point is expended in the casting of this ritual.


WAKE WITH EVENING'S FRESHNESS

Another ritual popular with Tremere who fear that enemies
may come for them during the day, this allows the protected Cainite
to awaken immediately at any sign of danger during the next day.
The caster of this ritual must spread the ashes of burned goose
feathers over the area he intends to sleep in.

System: This half-hour ritual must be performed immediately
before a vampire prepares tosleep through the coming day. A period
of complete meditation is required. Any interruption or perfor-
mance of other activities after the ritual, but before sleep, renders
the magic ineffective. The rule regarding how the vampire's Via
restricts the number of dice usable during the day is waived for the
first two turns of action. Thereafter, it is once again effective, but
nomatter what the character's condition, he will awaken in time to
(hopefully) alleviate the danger.

COMMUNICATE WITH SIRE

By casting this ritual the Tremere may join minds with hissire,
allowing them to speak telepathically at any distance. This conver-
sation lasts until either party decides to terminate the connection.
The caster must possess an item that once belonged to his sire.

System: The caster must maintain a state of meditation for at
least 30 minutes to achieve the connection. The conversation may
be maintained for up to 10 minutes per success gained.

DEFLECTION OF WooDEN Doom

The possibility of being staked and rendered immobile is
perhaps the greatest fear of any Cainite. This ritual protects the
Thaumaturgist from this possibility. The first stake that would pierce
the vampire's heart is deflected, and the stake disintegrates in the
attacker's hand. A stake merely held near the Cainite's heart is not
affected. The stake must actually be used to penetrate the vampire.

System: In order to cast this ritual, the Thaumaturgist must be
completely surrounded by a circle of wood for a full hour. Anything
wooden, even furniture or wood shavings works, but the circle must
remain unbroken. A wooden splinter must be placed in the casters
mouth at the end of the ritual (if the splinter is taken out, the ritual
isnullified). The ritual lasts until the following dawn or dusk.

Devs ToucH

This ritual is used by the Tremere to curse any mortal who
| has earned their displeasure. The casting of the ritual places an
invisible mark on the afflicted mortal, causing all who encounter
him to react with extreme dislike. The mortal is treated as if he
isthe most despicable form of life; he is spat upon by beggars, and
small children curse his name.

System: This effect lasts for one night only, disappearing
with the first light of day. The mortal needs to be present for the
ritual tobe effective, and a copper coin must be placed somewhere
upon the mortal's person (such as ina pocket). The ritual requires
15 minutes to enact.

LEVEL Two RITUALS
Boop WALK

This ritual allows the caster to trace the lineage of another
Cainite.

System: Successful casting requires a full three hours and a
Blood Point from the subject being traced. While the caster is in
a deep trance, the blood must be tasted. This gives the caster
knowledge not only of the subject's immediate sire, but of succes-
sively older generations. A Perception + Empathy roll (difficulty
6) is required; each success discovers a lower generation. Also, the
caster automatically becomes aware of any Blood Oaths the
subject has, either as Regnant or Thrall. Specific knowledge of
each Oath-bonded vampire isalso obtained, including the vampire's
true name, personality and relation to the subject.

‘Warp VERSUS GHOULS

This ritual allows the vampire to create a potent ward against
any ghoul — human or animal. Any ghoul that comes into
contact with this ward suffers a burning jolt of mystical energy for
as longas contact is maintained. This ward is formed by tracing an
arcane sigil on the desired object, using mortal blood as the ink.

The Tremere use this ward in a variety of fashions, often
placing it on pieces of jewelry, coins or other small objects. A
potent weapon can be created by placing the ward on a weapon,
such as a sword, dagger or even an arrow.

One of the restrictions of the ritual is that the mystic symbol
only wards one object. For example, if the caster places a ward on
a door toa room, the ward affects that door, not the whole room.
The room could easily be entered through another door.

A final note: wards can be placed on arrowheads. As longas the
arrowhead remains within the body, the ghoul continues to take
damage. Often the arrowhead will pass through a portion of the body,
in which case the sigil is destroyed on the entry. In order to ensure
that the arrowhead remains lodged within the body, the person firing
must score at least three successes with an Archery roll.

This ward can be destroyed by any normal means, though not
by the creature it is dedicated to.

System: At least one point of mortal blood is required to cast
this ritual. In 10 hours, the ritual is complete, and the strange symbol
appears on the object. Any ghoul who touches the warded object
immediately suffers a burning jolt (causing three dice of damage).

Once a ghoul has touched the ward, he must spend a Willpower
point to willingly touch it again. It is rumored that some of the
mightiest composite ghouls of the Tzimisce are immune to this ritual.

DONNING THE MAsk OF SHADOWS

Darkness seems to envelop the caster as her body appears to fade
into inky blackness. This ritual transforms the vampire into a ghost-
like state, rendering her nearly invisible in darkness and striking fear
into the hearts of mortals who witness her change. This ritual only
affects the character's appearance. Even though a character may
appear shadowy and transparent, she is still physically present.

System: Casting requires a 20-minute chant, after which the
caster can only be seen with an Intelligence + Alertness roll
(difficulty of the caster's Wits + Stealth). Auspex subtracts three
from the difficulty of a person's chance to see the shady warlock,
but animals can automatically sense the caster. The effects of this
ritual last for a number of hours equal to the number of successes
rolled on the Intelligence + Occult roll made to cast the spell.

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES

KITS


)

PRINCIPAL Focus OF VITHE INFUSION

This ritual allows the caster to imbue a physical object with
a portion of his blood, creating a convenient means of storing
blood for later use. The blood may be consumed at any time in the
future by swallowing the infused item. Many Tremere wear
several pieces of infused jewelry as a precaution.

System: The object must be of a size that the vampire can
easily hold in both hands, and can be as small as a pea. One of the
caster's own Blood Points must be used, and the proper incanta-
tions require four hours to complete. Afterward, the object takes
onaslightly ruddy hue and is oddly slick to the touch. By touching
the object, the original caster may release the blood from its
enchantment, causing the object to disintegrate. In moments, it
completely breaks down intoa puddle of blood (one Blood Point's
worth), which can then be used in many ways.

Such an "infused focus" can be made for another Cainite,
though the other vampire must be present at the initial ritual (the
Blood Point must still be the caster's).

LEVEL THREE RITUALS

‘Warp Versus LupiNes

This ritual functions exactly as Ward Versus Ghouls, (Level
Two ritual, above), but affects werewolves.

System: The requirements for this ward are exactly the same

as for Ward Versus Ghouls, except that silver dust is required in
the place of mortal blood

SHAFT OF BELATED QUIESCENCE

This vicious ritual iscast on astake thatis meant for the heart
of a vampire. The intended shaft is carved with ornate symbols
and blackened in an oakwood fire. The darkened shard then
becomes one of the most feared vampire-slaying weapons known.
A simple hit with the stake, even in the leg or arm, causes the tip
to break off inside the victim and begin burrowing into the
victim's body. The point slowly works its way to the heart. The
victim of this attack may not even know what is occurring until
it is too late. This ritual is also commonly cast on arrows.

System: During a five-hour ritual, the caster must carve an
orate series of symbols ontoa sharpened shaft of rowan wood, coat
the stake with her blood and blacken it in an oakwood fire. The
point reaches the heart in one to 10 days (roll a die). During the
time of the splinter's journey, the sufferer occasionally feels sharp
pains. These pains grow closer together and more unbearable as the
tip nears its target. Damage caused on the splinter's journey isn't
enough to remove Health Levels from a vampire, but will harm a
mortal or ghoul. One of the only ways to remove the thing is to dig
for it —a very grisly process that may notnecessarily work. The vile
thingmay actually try toelude the surgeon by burrowing away from
the open wound. The "surgeon" does more and more damage as he
digs deeper after it. Needless to say, this weapon isa death sentence
for a mortal, and may well destroy a Cainite — who knows where
the vampire might be when he is immobilized...

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

FLESH OF Fiery Toucu

This ritual causes the caster's very flesh to burn any Cainite
who comes into contact with him. Most Tremere cast this ritual
with some degree of caution, for it is commonly believed that its
power comes directly from the abyss.

System: After the ritual is completed, any Cainite who touches
the bespelled Tremere's flesh receives a single Health Level of aggra-
vated damage in the form of asearing bum. The damage can be resisted
with Fortitude, but if the vampire continues to hold the caster, the
victim continues to take damage. However, the caster cannot inflict
this damage by touching someone; he must himself be touched.
Although this effect lasts until dusk of the next day, it is not without
its price. During the two- or three-hour ritual, the casting vampire
must consume a small burning coal, causing an aggravated wound
(again, resist with Fortitude) and costing a Willpower point (to bring
himself to do it). While the enchantment is in effect, the Cainite's
skin takes on a subtle bronze tint. This hue can be noticed with a
straight Perception roll (difficulty 8) by a character who closely
inspects the warlock. The caster is also unnaturally hot to the touch.

INCORPOREAL PASSAGE

This ritual allows the vampire to become as intangible asa
ghost. All that remains visible of the warlock is a hazy outline.
While in this form the Cainite can travel unhindered through all
obstacles, even walls, as if they do not exist. The caster is
impervious to most attacks, just as if she were utilizing the Protean
power Body of Spirit. While assuming this form, the caster must
walk in a straight line through objects; once she begins, she must
continue through — she cannot draw back. However, the vam-
pire may not travel downward into solid ground, for it would bean
impossible walk. Certain Tremere whisper that the use of this
ritual brings the caster closer to the world of the dead — and thus
subjects him to the power of the restless dead.

System: The ritual takes about an hour to prepare, and lasts
a number of hours equal to the number of successes scored ona
Wits + Survival roll (difficulty 6). During the ritual, the vampire
must break a mirror holding her reflection. One of the pieces is
used later to hold her image as she moves incorporeally. She need
not look into the mirror, only make certain that it reflects her.
The ritual can be canceled by shifting the mirror so that the caster
can no longer see her reflection in it.

LeveL Four RITuats
‘Warp Versus CAINITES

This ritual works ina manner similar to Ward Versus Ghouls
(Level Two ritual), but affects vampires.

System: All requirements are the same as Ward Versus
Ghouls, except that a point of vampire blood is required instead
of mortal blood.

BINDING THE BEAST

Through use of this ritual the warlock can temporarily
separate the Beast from the soul of another Cainite. The ritual is
often attempted to subdue a frenzied character, though it can be
attempted at any time. The subject of this ritual often languishes
ina state of utter despair, not even having the will to live; along

—~

(}

\


} with the Beast, the instinct for survival is removed. The desire for
blood is also mostly removed, causing the very act of feeding to
become repugnant to many vampires. Some Cainiteshave starved
into torpor after having been subjected to this ritual.
System: The ritual takes only 10 minutes to perform. The caster
does not have to see the subject, but must imbibe a full Blood Point
ofthe frenzied character's blood (it can have been drawn earlier), and
| must push an iron spike through his own hand (causing two Health
Levels of damage that can't be soaked). Upon completion of these
acts, the subject suddenly emerges from frenzy, and often becomes
uncharacteristically passive.

Intruth, the subject's bestial side has been separated from his
psyche fora number of nights equal to the number of successes the
J caster scores on a Manipulation + Empathy roll (difficulty of 10
minus the subject's Road or Via). During this time, the subject
cannot frenzy, cannot regain Willpower, can only use one Blood
| Point per turn regardless of generation, and cannot feed without
making a Courage roll. In addition, the vampire must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to use any Discipline. The caster may
| never perform this ritual on himself.

Heart OF STONE

By casting this ritual the caster causes her heart to become
wlid stone — completely "stakeproof." It is said that Tremere
| who regularly perform this ritual become emotionless automa-
tons, without a shred of conscience or humanity.

Ivy (ty
{ vie
i Me
a ee

System: The caster must mold three-inch-high, two-meter-
wide earthen circle on a stone surface (solid stone is preferred,
flagstone is acceptable) and must then lie naked on her back in the
center. A candle is placed directly above her heart, and allowed to
burn until the wick is gone and the flame is smothered by the
candle's wax. The wax melts all over the caster's chest, causing one
aggravated wound, which can be soaked with Fortitude. The ritual
takes seven to nine hours to complete, but its effects last as long as
the caster wishes. While under this ritual's effects, the caster suffers
the following drawbacks and limitations: she cannot use Will-
power, and if forced to spend a Willpower point, the spell is
immediately canceled; the caster's Conscience/Conviction rating
drops to 1 (or zero if the Trait was already 1); and the caster loses
half her Dice Pool on all Empathy rolls, most Social rolls and nearly
all rolls when she is trying to be compassionate or friendly.

LEVEL Five RITUALS
ESCAPE TO A TRUE FRIEND

More than one Tremere has escaped the clutches of certain
death through the use of this ritual. This ritual must be prepared
ahead of time, but can be of great use in a tight situation. The
ritual allows the caster to vanish suddenly by stepping into a
previously prepared circle. The warlock is instantly transported
into the vicinity of a previously designated person, generally a
close friend or ally of the Tremere. The character does not
suddenly appear before his friend, but materializes someplace

CHAPTER FIVE: DISCIPLINES


~ LD a.
nearby and out of sight (usually within earshot of the friend's
location). The enchantment may be reused until the circle is
broken or the symbols are marred.

System: A one-meter circle must be burned into the ground,
and many arcane symbols must be precisely placed about it. The
entire process takes three to four nights and costs five of the caster's
own Blood Points. Once this is accomplished, the caster (and only
the caster) may at any time step into the circle while repeating a
friend's true name and be mystically transported to that friend.

‘Warp Versus Spirits

This ritual works in a manner similar to Ward Versus Ghouls
(Level Two ritual), but affects ghosts and spirits.

System: The requirements for this ritual are the same as for
Ward Versus Ghouls, except the required component is pure sea
salt instead of mortal blood.

Bioop ConTRHCT

This ritual creates an unbreakable oath between two parties.
The contract must be written in the caster's blood and takes about
three days to complete. The ritual is finished when both parties
sign the agreement in their own blood, after which they are
compelled to abide by the terms as stated. The only way out is to
complete one's part of the bargain or burn the contract.

System: If one of the parties breaks the contract, she receives
enough aggravated damage to fall into torpor. Storytellers may
feel free to adjust the punishment as they see fit.

VICISSITUDE

Vicissitude is the signature power of the Tzimisce and is
almost unknown outside the clan. Not that the Fiends have too
many would-be pupils; some things are beyond the pale even for
the rest of the Damned.

Vicissitude is similar in some respects to Protean, but springs
from a much darker source. Whereas Protean merely enables a
Cainite to emulate God's creatures, this twisted power allows a
Tzimisce to defile and deform those creatures (or herself) for all
manner of perverse ends. The most beautiful maiden or noble
stallion can, with but a knead of the fingers and a flick of the wrist,
be reduced to a hideous freak or a blob of deliquescent pus. The
Fiends have certainly used Vicissitude's more grotesque side effects
to cement their infamous reputation.

Note that while this Discipline permits powerful and horrific
effects, the wielder must obtain skin-to-skin contact and must
often physically sculpt the desired result. This even applies to the
use of the power on oneself. Tzimisce skilled in Vicissitude are
often inhumanly beautiful; those less skilled are simply inhuman.

Bopy Crarts

The sub-Skill of Crafts required-to"use Vicidsitude
properly is known as Body Crafts. This Skill enables its
possessor to make all manner of alterations to living and
dead flesh and bone. The Skill also gives insight into more
mundane techniques: many Tzimisce are fiendishly skilled
at flaying, tanning, carving, embalming, taxidermy, tattoo-
ing and piercing (for earrings and the like).

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

© MALLEABLE VISAGE

A vampire with this power may alter her bodily parameters:
height, build, voice, facial features and skin tone, among othet
things. Such changes are cosmetic and minor in scope. She might,
for example, resume her mortal coloration; make herself resemble
a Moor, Viking or Saracen; or even copy the form of a web-
fingered naiad or faerie noble.

System: The vampire must spend a Blood Point for each body
part to be changed. Then she must roll Intelligence + Body Crafts
(difficulty 6). To duplicate another person or voice requires a
Perception + Body Crafts roll (difficulty 8), and five successes are
required for a flawless copy (fewer successes leave minute, ot not-
so-minute, flaws). Increasing one's Appearance Trait is difficulty
10 (thus usually requiring Willpower expenditure for even minimal
success), and a botch permanently reduces the Attribute by one.

¢¢ TRANSMOGRIFY THE Morrat Ciay

This power is similar to Malleable Visage, above, but allows
the vampire to perform drastic, grotesque alterations on other
creatures. Tzimisce often use this power to transform theit servi-
tors into monstrous guards, the better to frighten foes. Only flesh
{including muscle, fat and cartilage, but not bone) may be
transformed. The power is permanent on mortals, though vam-
pires may spend Blood Points to "heal" the transformation.

System: The vampire must grapple the intended victim and
make a successful Dexterity + Body Crafts roll (difficulty variable:
5 for a crude yank-and-tuck, up to 9 for transforming a Toreador
popinjay's perfect aquiline nose into a grotesque replica of a tapir's
snout). A vampire who wishes to increase another's Appearance
Trait does so as described under Malleable Visage, above; reducing
the Attribute is considerably easier (difficulty 5), though truly
inspired disfigurement may dictate a higher difficulty. In either
case, each success increases/reduces the Attribute by one.

A vampire may use this power to move clumps of skin, fatand
muscle tissue to provide additional padding where needed. For
each success scored ona Dexterity + Body Crafts roll (difficulty 8),
the vampire may increase the subject's soak Dice Pool by one, at
the expense of either a point of Strength or a Health Level
(vampire's choice).

¢¢¢ REND THE Ossrous FRAME

This terrible power allows a vampire to manipulate bone in
the same manner that flesh is shaped. In conjunction with
Transmogrify the Mortal Clay, above, this power enables a
Vicissitude practitioner to deform a victim (or herself) beyond
tecognition. This power should be used in conjunction with the
flesh-shaping arts, unless the vampire wants to inflict injury on
the victim (see below).

System: The vampire must make a Strength + Body Crafts
roll (difficulties as above). Rend the Osseous Frame may be used
without the flesh-shaping arts, as an offensive weapon. Each
success scored on the Strength + Body Crafts roll (difficulty 7)
inflicts one Health Level of damage to the victim, as his bones tp,
puncture and slice their way out of his skin.


The vampire may utilize this power (on herself or others) to
form spikes or talons of bone, either on the knuckles as an
offensive weapon or all over the body as defensive "quills." In the
former case, the vampire or victim takes one Health Level of
normal damage; in the latter, the subject takes a number of Health
Levels equal to five minus the number of successes (a botch kills
the subject or sends the vampire into torpor). These Health Levels
may be healed normally. Knuckle spikes inflict Strength + 2
nonaggravated damage, while defensive quills inflict a hand-to-
hand attacker's Strength in nonaggravated damage unless the
attacker scores three or more successes on the attack roll (the
defender still takes damage normally). Quills also enable the
vampire or altered subject to add two to all damage inflicted via
grapples or body slams.

A vampire who scores five or more successes on the Strength
+ Body Crafts roll may cause a rival vampire's rib cage to curve
inward and pierce the heart. While this does not send a vampire
into torpor, it does cause the affected vampire to lose half his
Blood Points, as the seat of his vitae ruptures in a shower of gore.

eeee AWAKEN THE ZULO SHAPE

The Tzimisce who employs this fell power becomes the
veriest monster, the dread zulo of Balkan peasants' terrified
whispers. The vampire's stature increases to a full eight feet; the
skin becomes a sickly greenish-gray or grayish-black chitin; the
arms become apelike and ropy, tipped with ragged black nails; and
the face warps into something out of a nightmare. A row of spines
sprouts from the vertebrae, and the external carapace exudes a
foul-smelling grease.

System: The zulo shape costs two Blood Points to awaken.
All Physical Attributes (Strength, Dexterity, Stamina) increase
bythree, but all Social Attributes drop to zero, save when dealing
with others also in zulo form. (However, a zulo-transformed
vampire trying to intimidate someone may substitute Strength for
a Social Attribute!) Damage inflicted in brawling combat in-

creases by one due to the jagged ridges and bony knobs creasing
the zulo's hands.

° FAscENDANCY OF THE SANGUINE
Humor 4

The blood is more than life to.a vatnpire with this power, for
she can physically transform all or part of her body into sentient
vite. This blood is in all respects identical to the vampire's
normal vitae: she can use it to nourish herself or others, create
ghouls and establish Blood Oaths. If all this blood is imbibed or
otherwise destroyed, the vampire meets Final Death.

Vampires who assume this shape often act giddy and fey for
several hours afterward, as the sanguine aspect of their nature imposes
itself over their choleric, phlegmatic and melancholy humors.

System: The vampire may transform all or part of herselfasshe
deems fit. Each leg can tum into two Blood Points worth of vitae, as
can the torso; each arm, the head and the abdomen convert to one
Blood Point (though turning one's head to blood is somewhat
foolish). The blood can be reconverted to the body part, provided
it is in contact with the vampire. If the blood has been utilized or
destroyed, the vampire must spend a number of Blood Points equal
to what was originally created to regrow the missing body part.

A vampire entirely in this form may not be staked, cut,
bludgeoned or pierced, but can be burned or exposed to the sun. The
vampire may not physically attack or move in this form, but her fluid
body acts in ways normal fora puddle of gore (so she can splash free
from manacles or ooze through a dungeon grate beneath her).

Mental Disciplines may be used, provided no eye contact or
vocal utterance is necessary — and if a vampire in this form
"washes" over a mortal or animal beneath her, that mortal must
make a Courage roll (difficulty 8) or fly into a panic.

@¢¢¢e¢e CHIROPTERAN MARAUDER

This power is similar to Awaken the Zulo Shape, but even
more potent. The vampire assumes a form similar to the zulo (and
gains all the benefits and drawbacks thereof), but gains several
additional advantages. A vampire in this shape resembles nothing
so much as a great bipedal bat.

The vampire's arms sprout fluted, leathery wings enabling
flightat 25 mph (objects can be carried but not manipulated while
the vampire is airborne). Additionally, the vampire may make a
Strength + Body Crafts roll (difficulty 6) to extend talons on the
ends of the wings (where the hands are); these talons inflict
Strength + 2 aggravated damage.

Finally, the vampire subtracts two from the difficulties of all
hearing rolls, but adds one to visual difficulties (bats, as everyone
of learning knows, are blind — and even bat-monsters are
somewhat myopic).

System: The vampire must spend three Blood Points to
assume the shape and must make a separate roll to form the talons.

Specint Power: Bopy ARMORY

The vampire must have ratings of 3 in both Vicissi-
tude and Protean and must spend 20 experience points.
This power enables the vampire to form weapons from the
very stuff of her body. Each weapon created costs two
Blood Points.

Any sort of hand-to-hand weapon can be created,
though two-handed ones (polearms, great axes and the
like) cost double the normal Blood Point expenditure.
These weapons inflict damage per their type, but this
damage is aggravated.



Z,
yf

Rules

YVWrest once the lave to your authority
Geo do a great right, de a little vorong
And cib this cruel dsevil of his voill
-YUOilliam Shakespeare, The Wlevchant

There is alvoays chance in life There's a charice
youll win the lottery, a chance youll be auditedand
a hance youll die in a plane crash. Chance plays a
cole in Vampire the Dark Ages as voell, Dovocver,
we use dice fo sirmulate the duplicity of Lady Luck

The Storyteller garne systermnconsists of roll-
ing lO-sided dice, vohich You can buy in any
game store. af yeu are the Story tefler, you voill
voant alot of dice, at least 10 all fo yourself, Asa
Player, noull voant dice as well, buf sharing dice

YOhenever the success of anactionisindorbt,
or the St. teller thinks that there is a chance
you might fail you voill have to voll dice. This
gives your character an opportunity to let both
voeakinesses and strengths exhibit themsdves,
thereby revealing something of the chavacter's
true nature to both you and the other players.


‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

AME TERMS

These are a number of terms used in the rules that first-time
players and new Storytellers might not be familiar with. They'll
be described further throughout the chapter.

© Ability: These are Traits that describe what a character
knows and has learned, rather than her physical and psychologi-
cal make-up. Abilities are Traits such as Intimidation, Archery
and Occult.

* Action: An action is the performance of a deed, which is
a consciously-willed, physical, social or mental activity. When
players announce that their characters are doing something, they
are taking an action.

Advantage: This is a catch-all category that describes the
mystical Disciplines and Backgrounds of a character.

¢ Attribute: These are Traits that describe what a character
inherently is. Attributes are such things as Strength, Charisma
and Intelligence.

© Botch: A disastrous failure, indicated by rolling more ones
than successes on the 10-sided dice rolled for an action.

© Character: Each player creates a character, an individual
they roleplay over the course of the chronicle. Though "charac-
ter" could imply any individual, in Vampire: The Dark Ages it
is always used to describe the players' characters.

* Dice Pool: This describes the dice you have in your hand
after adding together your different Traits. It is the maximum
number of dice you can roll in one turn, though you can divide
them among different actions.

© Difficulty: This is a number from 2-10 measuring the
difficulty of an action a character takes. The player needs to roll
that number or higher on at least one of the dice rolled.

© Downtime: The time spent between scenes, where no
roleplaying is done and turns are not used. Actions might be
made, and the Storyteller might give some descriptions, but
generally time passes quickly.

© Extended Action: An action that requires a certain
number of successes for the character to actually succeed.

¢ Health: This is a measure of the degree to which a
character is wounded or injured.

* Point: The temporary score of a primary trait such as
Willpower, Humanity and Health — the squares, not the circles.

Refresh: When points are regained in a dice pool, itissaid
that they are being "refreshed."

Rating: A number describing the permanent value of a
Trait, most often anumber from 1-5, though sometimes a number
from 1-10.

© Resisted Action: An action that two different characters
take against each other. Both compare their number of successes,
and the character with the most wins.

© Scene: A single episode of the story; a time when and place
where actions and events take place moment by moment. A scene
is often a dramatic high point of the story.

© Score: The temporary value of a Trait or combination of
Traits used in a single roll.


© Simple Action: An action that requires the player to get
only one success to succeed, though more successes indicate a
better job or result.

* Storyteller: The person who creates and guides the story by
assuming the roles of all characters not taken by the players and
determining all events beyond the control of the players.

© System: A specific set of complications used in a certain
situation; rules to help guide the rolling of dice to create dramatic
action.

¢ Trait: A Trait is any Attribute, Ability, Advantage or
other character index that can be described as a number (in terms
of dots).

* Troupe: The group of players, including the Storyteller,
who play Vampire: The Dark Ages, usually on a regular basis.
¢ Willpower: One of the most important Traits is Will-
power. It measures the self-confidence and internal control of a
character. However, Willpower works differently than most
Traits — it is usually used up, rather than rolled.

RATINGS

A character is described by her Traits — the innate and
learned abilities and aptitudes she possesses. Traits are defined by
numbers; each Trait has a rating from 1 to 5, which describes how
good the character is in that particular Trait, with 1 as "poor" and
5as "superb." This scale of 1 to 5 is the "star" rating system made
famous by movie and restaurant critics.

Youshould consider the normal human range to be from one
to three, with two being average. However, exceptional people
can have Traits of 4 (exceptional) or 5 (superb), or even have a
zero in a Trait (which is extremely rare, but not unheard of).
Vampires of particularly low generations can exceed the normal
human maximum as well.

x Abysmal

° Poor

oe Average

ee Good
Exceptional
Superb

For every dot your character has in a particular Trait, you get
toroll one die. Thus, if you had four dots on Strength, you would get
toroll fourdice. If youhada 1 Perception, you would get to roll only
one die. However, you almost never simply roll the number of dice
you have in an Attribute, which are your intrinsic capabilities.
Usually you get to add the number of dice you have in an Attribute
with the number of dice you have in an Ability — things which you
know and have learned.

So if you wanted the players to roll to see if they notice the
bandits creeping up behind them, you would have them roll their
Perception + Alertness — an Attribute + an Ability. They would
takeasmany dice as they had points of Perception, put them in their
hands, and then they would take as many dice as they had points of
Alertness, and put those in their handsalso. They get to roll as many
dice as they have total points in their Attribute and Ability.

These dice are called the Dice Pool, which is a description
ofthe total number of dice you roll in a single turn — usually for
asingle action, though you can divide up your Dice Pool in order

to beable to perform more than one action. You almost always roll
the number of dice equal to a Trait's permanent rating (the
circles), not its current score (the squares).

There are many actions that don't require or even have an
appropriate Ability, such as when you want to break down adoor. In
such cases, you would only use an Attribute, rolling the number of
dice you have listed for that Attribute — in this case, Strength.

There isabsolutely no situation where more than two Traits can
add to a Dice Pool. Only one Trait can be used if it has a potential
value of 10 (such as Humanity or Willpower). It is generally
impossible for a normal human being to have more than 10 dice in
a Dice Pool (though vampires are a different story).

DIFFICULTIES

Now you've got to figure out what you need to look for when
you roll the dice. The Storyteller will give you a difficulty number,
which is the number that you need to obtain in order to succeed in
whatever you are attempting. A difficulty is always a number
between 2 and 10. Youneed to get that number or higher on at least
one of the dice you roll in order to succeed. Every time you do so,
it's called a success. If the difficulty isa 6 and you roll a 2, 3,6, 5 and
9, you have scored two successes. Though you need only one
success to actually succeed, the more successes you get, the better
you do. Getting only one success is considered a marginal success,
while getting three is considered a complete success, and getting
five is a momentous event.

You can see that if the difficulty is lower, it becomes easier to
getasuccess, and if itis higher, it is more difficult. The Storyteller
will assign high difficulties whenever the action you have decided
to take would be tough or challenging, and will either let you do
something automatically (because your Attributes and Abilities
are so high) or give you a low difficulty if it is particularly easy.

Though they are not on the list above, the Storyteller can
also assign a difficulty of two or 10. However, these should almost
never be used. Difficulty two is so pathetically easy that you might
as well let the player succeed without wasting time on a roll.
Difficulty 10 is so difficult that there is an equal chance to botch

DIFFICULTIES |
Three Easy
Four Routine
Five Straightforward
Six Standard \|
Seven Challenging
Eight Difficult
Nine Extremely Difficult

DEGREES OF SUCCESS

One Success Marginal
Two Successes Moderate

| Three Successes Complete
Four Successes Exceptional
Five Successes Phenomenal

CHAPTER SIX: RULES


(described below) as there is to succeed, no matter how many dice
the player is rolling. A 10 is pretty near impossible. On the rare
occasions when you do announce a difficulty of 10, be sure you
realize how impossible you are making the chance of success. If a
player ever rollsa 10, it isautomatically asuccess, no matter what.

Unless the Storyteller says otherwise, the difficulty for a
particular task is always a six. This is the standard, assumed
difficulty.

Tue Rue OF ONE

The final thing you need to know about rolling dice is the
"rule of one." Whenever you roll a "1," it cancels out a success. It
completely takes it away. You remove both the "success" die and
the "1" die and ignore them. If you roll more "1s" than you do
successes, a disaster occurs, and something called a "botch" takes
place. Don't count the "1s" that canceled out successes, but ifeven
asingle"1" is left after all the successes have been canceled, abotch
occurs. Getting a single "1" or five "1s" has about the same result
in most cases; the circumstances surrounding the botch determine
if it is catastrophic or a minor mishap. If there are no "Is" or
successes left, you've simply failed.

AUTOMATIC SUCCESSES

You don't want to be rolling dice all the time; it can get in the
way of the roleplaying. Vampire: The Dark Ages employs a very
simple system for automatic successes, allowing players to avoid
making rolls foractions their characters could perform in theirsleep.

Thus, if the number of dice in your Dice Pool equals or exceeds
the assigned difficulty, your character succeeds automatically. Such
asuccess is considered marginal (the equivalent of scoring only one
success), so a player will sometimes want to roll anyway in an
attempt to gain even more successes. For very simple and often-
repeated actions, however, automatic successes can eliminate a lot
of wasted time. (Note that certain actions, such as combat, are
always problematic and should not be handled with this system.)

The automatic success rules can be used to eliminate dice
completely. In such situations, automatic successes aren'ta matter of
choice. Either you are good enough to succeed or you are not. It's
simple, but so was Cops'‘n' Robbers, and we liked it just fine. The
story was what was important; the rules didn't matter.

This simple system even has a twist, making it not quite so
black-and-white. A Willpower point (see pg. 135) can be spent
to earn an automatic success. You won't want todo this often, but
for certain actions it can be very advantageous to doso. Of course,
the Willpower expenditure only counts for one success if multiple
successes are required.

COMPLICATIONS

You may have already realized that it is quite easy to score a
single success, even when you roll only one or two dice. You have
a75% chance fora marginal success when you roll only twodiceand
the difficulty is 6. While that may sound too easy, there are various
ways to complicate matters, some of which are discussed below.

For troupes heavily into roleplaying, simple rolls and automatic
successes are enough. Generally, complications are needed only if
the players or you want a break from the roleplaying, if you want a

VAMPIRE: THE DIWRK AGES

realistic result or if you want to make a game out of the scene
Complications add drama to the story, evoking passion and focusing
events.

EXTENDED AcTIONS

In order to succeed fully, you will sometimes need more than
‘one success — you will need to accumulate three, seven or even
(rarely) 20 successes. An action that requires only one success is
called a simple action. An action that requires more than one
success is called an extended action.

An extended action allows you to roll over and over on
subsequent turns in an attempt to collect enough successes to
succeed. For instance, suppose your character is climbing a tree.
The Storyteller announces that when you roll a total of seven
successes, your character has climbed to the top. She'll get there
eventually, but the more times you roll, the more chances your
character has to botch and injure herself. If she is attempting to
climb down the tree because it is on fire, the amount of time it
takes becomes exceedingly important.

During an extended action, you can keep trying to obtain
successes for as long as you want, or at least until you fail to score
even one success. If you botch, your character may have to start
over from scratch, with no accumulated successes. The Storyteller
may decide not to let the character try again at all.

This type of action is more complicated than a simple action,
and should not often be employed in the middle of intense
roleplaying. As the Storyteller, you decide what type of action is
appropriate. A little bit of experience will serve you well when
employing these rules.

REsIsTED Actions

Sometimes you will act in opposition to another character.
Both of you make rolls against a difficulty often indicated by a Trait
of the other character, and the person who scores the most
successes succeeds. However, you are considered to score only as
many successes as the amount by which you exceed your opponent's
successes. The opponent's successes eliminate your own, justas "Is"
do. Therefore, it is very difficult, and rare, to achieve an outstand-
ing success on a resisted action. Even if your opponent cannot beat
you, she can diminish the effect of your efforts. During actions that
are both extended and resisted, one of the opponents must collect
acertain number of successes in order to succeed completely. Each
success above the opponent's total number of successes in a single
turn is added to a success total. The first opponent to collect the
designated number of successes wins the contest.

TEAMWORK

Sometimes characters can work together to collect successes,
most often during an extended action. At the Storyteller's discre-
tion, two or more characters can make rolls separately and combine
their successes (though they may never combine their separate
Traits for one roll). Teamwork is effective in some circumstances,
such as when characters are engaging in combat, shadowing prey,
collecting information or repairing devices. During others, it can
actually be a hindrance, such as in many social actions (where it
can confuse the subject).


TryiNnc Ir AGAIN

Itcan often be annoying to fail. If you're trying to hit a target
while jousting and you keep missing as you go by, it can get
frustrating. This is reflected in the Storyteller system by increas-
ing the difficulty of any action if it is tried again after it's already
been failed.

Whenever a character attempts an action she has previously
filed, the Storyteller has the option of increasing the difficulty of
theaction. Considera character who tries to intimidate someone.
If the first attempt fails, it's going be harder the second time
around, so the difficulty is one greater. If tried a third time, then
the difficulty is two greater. In cases like this, though, the
Storyteller might simply rule that the character cannot even
make another try — how do you intimidate someone who has
already called your bluff?

Other examples of when to use the rule are picking a lock
(Larceny), scaling a wall (Athletics) and remembering a word in
aforeign language (Linguistics).

Sometimes the Storyteller shouldn't invoke this rule. A no-
table example is during combat. Missing someone with a first arrow
doesn't necessarily mean that the archer is frustrated and has a
better chance of missing again. Though after the archer has missed
acouple of times, especially if they are easy, close-range shots...

Other examples of when not to use the rule are seeing
something out of the comer of the eye (Alertness) and dodging
anattack (Dodge).

Try It Our

Well, that's it. These are the rules. This system for dice is all
you really need to know in order to play this game. All the other
tules are just clarifications and exceptions. So long as you under-
stand what's been discussed here, you won't have any difficulty
understanding anything else. If you don't think you've caught
everything, just read this chapter again; you'll find it makes more
sense the second time around.

Now go ahead and make a few rolls, using the example
character from Chapter Four. Anatole is attempting to escape a
group of enraged townsfolk. He crouches down behind a low wall,
hoping that they will run past without seeing him. The Storyteller

THE GOLDEN RULE

Remember that in the end thefe Only one real rule in
any game in the Storyteller series, including Vampire: The
Dark Ages: there are no rules. You should fashion this game
into whatever you need it to be — if the rules get in your way,
then ignore or change them. The true complexity and beauty
ofthe real world cannot be captured by rules; it takes storytelling
and imagination to do that. These rules are designed to be
guidelines, and you are free to use, abuse, ignore and change
themas you wish. Players take note: the Storyteller is the final
arbiter of any rules question.

CHAPTER SIX: RULES


assigns a difficulty of 7 to this feat and decides that the appropriate
roll is Dexterity + Stealth. Take four dice because of Anatole's
Dexterity Attribute of 4, and three extra dice because of his
Stealth Ability of 3. You should now have seven dice in yourhand
—a good number, reflecting Anatole's aptitude for stealth. Roll
the dice and look to see how many successes you have, making
sure to subtract a success for every "1" you roll. Did you make it
did you fail, or did you botch? The more successes you get, the

better you hide. Only one success might mean that you barely |

make it under cover in time. Two might mean that you manage
tocrouch undera little overhang. Three might mean that youare
completely silent, and that the mob doesn't even get an opposed
Perception roll.

Next, try out an extended and resisted action. An example
of this is a drinking contest (not common among vampires, but
possible given the presence of inebriated vessels...). It requiresan
indefinite series of rolls, each with a different difficulty. You need
to accumulate five successes more than your opponent in order to
win. A botch eliminates all your accumulated success

© First roll: Each player rolls Stamina; the difficulty is the
opponent's Manipulation + 3 (don't let him intimidate you).

© Second and third rolls: Each player rolls Stamina; the
difficulty is the opponent's Stamina + 3.

Fourth roll (and all subsequent ones): Each player rolls
Stamina; the difficulty is the opponent's Willpower.

EXAMPLES OF ROLLS

Each Attribute can be combined with each Ability, allowing
for 270 types of simple rolls. Admittedly, you will not often have
cause to roll Strength + Academics, but it might come up. The
following are some examples of rolls that may come up during the
course of a story.

© You attempt to impress the lord of a manor by singing
ballad. Roll Charisma + Music (difficulty 7).

© You're trying to locate a rare herb which might save the life
ofa valuable mortal ally. Roll Perception + Herbalism (difficulty8).

© Youattempt to frighten an enemy with a display of physical
prowess. Roll Strength + Intimidation (difficulty 7).

© While trying to escape from the castle guard, you must dive
off the highest tower into the moat. Roll Dexterity + Athletics
(difficulty 5).

© Do you notice the archer hiding in the trees above the
road? Roll Perception + Alertness (difficulty 9).

* You wish to rally the peasantry to revolt against the local
lord. Roll Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 8).

* A beautiful young maiden catches your eye, and you
attempt to make an impression during the feast. Roll Appearance
+ Etiquette (difficulty 8).


¢ When galloping down a path, you see a log in front of you.
Roll Manipulation + Ride (difficulty 7) to get your horse to leap
over the log.

* While you're walking through the courtyard, a shadowy
figure springs up from behind a bush and shoots a crossbow at you.
Roll Wits + Dodge (difficulty 6) to avoid being hit by the bolt.

© While traveling, you come across a glade in the middle of
the forest. Roll Perception + Occult (difficulty 8) to recognize it
|] asa faerie glade.

—

i ¢ You find an ancient-looking manuscript on the body of a
|} monk. Roll Intelligence + Academics (difficulty 6) to translate it.

© You're attempting to slip a poison into the drink of the person
sitting next to you. Roll Dexterity + Larceny (difficulty 8).

¢ A neighboring noble seizes one of your fiefs. Roll Manipu-
tion + Law (difficulty 6) to plead your case successfully to the
duke and convince him that the land is rightfully yours.

* You wish to ride a horse that is unfamiliar with you. Roll
Manipulation + Animal Ken (difficulty 7) to overcome the
beast's natural fear of the undead.

* Youare hanged fora petty crime. Though this does you no
harm, you wish to fool the mortals into thinking that you are in
fact dead. Roll Stamina + Acting (difficulty 7) to fake your death
and remain still until all the mortals have left.

* You're attempting to quietly enter the home of your
intended victim. Roll Dexterity + Stealth (difficulty 6).

© How well do you understand an emissary with a strong
native accent? Roll Perception + Linguistics (difficulty 9). Three
successes allows you to understand the complete message.

You discover a man, impaled by an arrow, lying in a field.
Roll Perception + Investigation (difficulty 9) to notice that the
wound was originally made by a knife, not an arrow.

* You wish to persuade a group of nobles that it would be in
their best interests to join you in a campaign against a neighboring
lord. Roll Manipulation + Politics (difficulty 7). One success
means that they support you but will not commit men; five or more
mean that they will personally join the field.

CHAPTER SIX: RULES



or
a

Book THREE: CRUSADER

My flesh is cold as the metal J wear, but J feel no true discomfort. Some
say it's death to be out bere at night, away from the safety of the cities. Tve
traveled too many leagues on far too many nights to feel true worry. J abould
be too weary to live, but J cannot force myself to fie down

Che wind churns dark douds above me, wailing paganlike through the
ligbtless valleys. (Diles from bere, they are no doubt laughing in torchtit rooms,
drumming taloned fingers on stone sills, sipping nectar from torn throats.

TJhave earned a name from the children of Cain Autarkis. Darless among
the larviese. A damned thing, but one rho sechs to redeem bimself before the
Budgment. With God's rvill, J may yet pull myself into Heaven

Chere. The pinprick of light must be leagues and leagues away, over the
breath. Che remembered taste of blood surges bebind my teeth, floods my
brain J taste the wind, and rill my beart to beat again for the pleasure of it.
J begin to rm



Our voill and fates d0 so contrary run
Chat our devices still ave over throven
Our thoughts are ours, their ends none

of our over

-VOilliaim Shakespeave, Barret

Varnpive? "the Dark Ages, including character
advancement and cormbat. Kules for chavacter
creation and campicic Disciplines, as vwoell as
informationonrunning crossover games, mer
be found in other chapters.

You should only use one of the systems de-
scribed in this chapter if @ voll is tridyy needed.
Roleplay things out vwohenever possible, rather
than leaving coerything fo chance As a general
cule, the Storyteller should have the player make
arcoll only vohen thereis substantial doubtinher
mind as to vwohether or not the chavacter voill

\succeed in his action Jf you can reasonably
assume she voill succeed, then just let her do if.


TIME

There are five different ways to describe time, progressing
from the smallest unit to the largest.

¢ Turn — One unit of time within a scene, anywhere from
three seconds to three minutes in length. A turn is enough time
to take one action (discussed below).

© Scene — One compact period of action and roleplaying
that takes place in a single location. A scene is made up of a
variable number of turns (as many as it takes tocomplete it); itcan
also be completed strictly through roleplaying, which requires no
use of turns.

* Chapter— One independent part of a story, almost always
played in one game session. A chapter is made up of a number of
scenes connected by periods of downtime.

© Story — A complete tale, with an introduction, buildup
and climax, that often takes several chapters to complete.

* Chronicle—A series of stories connected by the lives of the
characters and perhaps by a broadly conceived theme and plot. It
is simply the ongoing story told by you and the players.

The pace of a chapter or story is largely the responsibility of
the Storyteller, but the length of time covered by a turn orascene
is less subjective.

Turns

A scene is divided into turns in order to organize and
structure the arrangement of events. A tum isa variable period of
time during which characters can do things. This helps the
Storyteller keep track of what is going on and ensures that each
player gets the same chance to do something. In one turn, each
character should be able to do one thing. Additionally, each
player should be given about the same amount of time to describe
what she wants her character to do. Each turn, the Storyteller
should go around the table in order of initiative (see below), give
each player an opportunity to state an action and then go to the
next person.

Taxine Actions

Many actions in the course ofa game will not require die rolls,
and can be simply roleplayed out, such as interrogating a prisoner
or being introduced to the prince of the area. However, action
scenes tend to break this rule, requiring frequent rolls. The basic
actions characters can take in one turn without making rolls are:

© Yielding: The character allows the person with the next
highest initiative to take his action, thereby yielding her turn. She
canstill take heraction at the end of the turn. Ifeveryone, including
her opponents, yields as well, no one does anything that turn.

© Healing: The character can decide to do nothing but use
a Blood Point to heal herself. In one turn, one Health Level can
be restored automatically if no other action is taken. A Blood
Point can also be used to enhance a Physical Attribute while the
character performs other actions.

* Moving: The character may move by walking, jogging or
running. If she walks, she may move seven yards. If she jogs, she
may move 12 yards + Dexterity. Ifshe runs, she may move 20 yards
+ (3 x Dexterity).

VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES

No roll is required to move, but movement is the only action
allowed to the character in that turn. In some situations, it can be
hazardous to jog or run, and a roll might be required to maintain
balance when there is loose gravel on the ground or arrows are raining
down. Ifa character wants to run away from a conflict or encounter,
she must dodge unless she is not in melee range or otherwise hindered.

Allsorts of other actions require rolls. Some are listed here:

* Attack: A character may decide to attack with a
melee or ranged weapon or strike someone. The roll made
depends on the attack; for instance, a melee attack requires
a Dexterity + Melee roll.
. Climb: This action requires a Dexterity + Athletics
roll. -

* Dodge: Dodging not only allows a character to avoid
anattack, but removes him altogether from the line of attack.
Avcharacter can make a Dodge roll right after someone tries
t@ hit him, thereby (hopefully) avoiding the blow,

© Get to Feet: It takesa turn to getup from the ground
without haying to make a roll. If a character wants to get
to her feet and still take other actions, she can take dice
from her announced action and attempt to score at least
one success on a Dextgpity + Athletics roll (difficulty at
least 4). ¥ :

© Leadership: A character may give ‘gommands to
followers and have them obeyed by making appropriate |}}
Charisma (or Manipulation) + Leadership rolls,

* Sneak up on Enemy: This action usually requiresa
Dexterity + Stealth roll. ™

Mariete Actions

A character can perform multiple actions in a turn (such as
dodging and firing an arrow), but he has to divide his dice. Tosplit
a Dice Pool among different actions, the character takes the dice
from the action at which he is least skilled (the one with the
smallest Dice Pool) and divides that Pool among all the actionshe
wishes to perform.

A character with multiple actions takes his first action
during the normal order of initiative (unless he deliberately
delays). He may take no more than one action at this time. After
all characters have completed their first (or only) action, charac:
ters with more actions may take their second actions, again in
order of initiative. After everyone has taken a second action, play
proceeds with the third and subsequent actions in order of
initiative, as above. While a character may delay his action, he
must perform it before the rest of the characters move on to their
next action, or it is lost. However, a character can always use dice
to dodge, as long as he has dice left in his Pool.

SCENES

Ascene is a moment in a story when the troupe focuses on
the events at hand and roleplays through them as if they were
actually occurring. A scene may only need roleplaying between
the players and the Storyteller, or it may involve a number of
different actions, some requiring dice rolls.

|


Ascene is like a series of shots taken in a movie, in the same
location and at the same moment in the story. It is the essence of
wleplaying, when players describe their characters' reactions to
wents rather than explaining what they intend to do.

Time in the story not spent in a scene is called downtime.
This can he when characters travel or conduct extensive re-
warch, or it can simply be a period during which it isn't necessary
toroleplay every moment. Downtime isa break from the intensity
of the scene. Though it should not be overused (it can be
relatively boring), you shouldn't avoid it altogether. Use down-
time to organize players, direct the story more precisely and
progress the plot more quickly.

The story can turn into a scene at almost any time. Often it
does so quite naturally, without anyone realizing it has happened.
Forinstance, while the Storyteller and the players discuss how the
characters intend to make a journey to a neighboring vampire's
castle, you may begin to describe what they see along the way. You
have gone from downtime to a scene.

CoMBAT

Of course he has a knife. We all have knives. It's 1183, and
we're all barbarians.

—James Goldman, The Lion in Winter

Combat in the Storyteller system attempts to capture the
drama of violent conflict without downplaying the grim reality of
whatis goingon. We have made every effort to create a system true
tothe dynamics, limitations and viciousness of real combat while
sill leaving room for the unique elements vampires bring to it.

There are three types of combat, all of which use the same
basic system yet have some minor differences. They are: missile
combat, melee and brawl.

* Missile combat is any type of armed combat using missile
weapons, usually bows and crossbows. Opponents normally need
tobe within sight of each other to engage in missile combat.

* Melee refers to fighting with hand weapons, anything
fom table legs to broadswords. Opponents need to be within one
or two yards of each other to engage in melee.

* A brawl describes a hand-to-hand battle fought with bare
hands, unarmed combat. Opponents need to be within touching
distance to engage in a brawl.

The rolls made in combat determine whether or not an
attack succeeds, whether the target dodges and how much dam-
age the target suffers. Almost all combat turns are measured to be
around three seconds long, though they take somewhat longer
than that to resolve.

There should only be two dice rolls involved on the part of
theattacker in any combat maneuver: an attack roll and adamage
(or effect) roll. All effects from the maneuver should be figured
through these two rolls. An exception to this rule isa movement-
based maneuver (see page 193).

As with all action scenes, combat turns begin with an initia-
tive roll. However, because combat can sometimes get a little
sticky, divide the turn into three stages — initiative, attack and
resolution — to make it easier to keep track of things.

DESCRIBING THE SCENE
At the besten ert each tum, th¢ Storytaller should

descrihe tNe scent fromneach charadede's passpectlve. Some-
times this will bea wrap-up of the last tam, making iclear
to all players what occurred. This sort of constant aero
tion is essential to avoid confusion.

»Thisis the Storyteller's chance to organize and afange
things so that all goes smoothly when the players begin to
interact yith the environment he has created.-The Story-
teller should make his description as interestingas possible,
leaving open all sorts of possibilities for characters' actions.

© For missile combat, roll Dexterity + Archery.

For melee (with weapons) combat, roll Dexterity + Melee.

¢ For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll
Dexterity + Brawl.

The weapon or attack used by the attacker determines the
base difficulty of the roll. The number of dice rolled might be
modified by the bow's rate of fire, but the difficulty is usually
modified only by the circumstances of the attack. If no successes
are rolled, the character fails his attack and inflicts no damage. If
the player rolls a botch, then not only does the attack fail, but
something nasty happens to the attacker; the Storyteller needs to
invent something truly awful.

STAGE ONE: INITIATIVE

This stage is when characters declare their actions, and
organizes the turn. Characters can take a number of different
actions, from leaping behind a wall to shouting a warning. Each
player must declare what his character is doing in as much detail
as the Storyteller requires. At this point, everyone needs to decide
what weapon to use, if any.

Players make initiative rolls using Wits + Alertness (diffi-
culty 4, though Storytellers can vary this roll ifthey so desire), and
the Storyteller rolls for any non-player characters involved in the
scene. The character with the most successes acts first (or, if the
Storyteller chooses, the one with the highest Dexterity goes first),
while characters who rolled fewer successes take their actions in
descending order of successes. Some characters will act simulta-
neously because they rolled the same number of successes. Those
who gain no successes at all on this roll go last, anda botch means
the character does not get to act that turn — his bowstring breaks,
or he stumbles and cannot punch or dodge.

Remember to have players declare what actions they want
their characters to take during the combat turn before going to
the attack stage. A player splitting his character's Dice Pool must
declare how many dice he is allocating to each action.

A character's actions happen when it is her turn to act. The
only exception to this is the dodge, which a character can perform
at any time as long as she has dice left in her Dice Pool.

FAAMBUSHES

Sometimes it will be obvious who goes first, such as when an
ambush was set or when one combatant is clearly caught by
surprise. In combat, however, if the Storyteller intends to let the
opponents have a free shot at the characters, he should allow the
players to make Perception rolls (difficult ones) to see if they
notice something just before the bad guys spring. The difficulty
depends on how well the ambush was set (usually 8). The number
of successes the players score indicates the number of dice they
can roll on their first actions (usually dodges).

STace Two: ATTACK

The attack is the meat of the combat turn. This stage is
where the success or failure of an action is determined, as well as
something of its potential impact on the target.

There are three different types of attack rolls; the type of
combat determines which one to use.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

OPTIONAL INITIATIVE FOR. MELEE

If one opponent has a significantly longer weapon
than the other (dagger vs. bastard sword, for example), and
neither opponent is using a shield or parrying weapon, it is
virtually impossible for the person with the shorter weapon
to gain the initiative. In order to place himself in a position
where he can attack, he must get inside the range of his
opponent's weapon. If the Storyteller desires, she may rule
that in one-on-one combat, the person with the longer
weapon will always go first. It is entirely possible for the
person with the short weapon to dodge (or parry) the attack
successfully and then make an attack of his own, but that is
about the only way he can close the distance.

DopcGING

Any time someone attacks a character, she has the option of
dodging. In fact, a player may announce at any time that het
character is using an action (or part of one, by dividing her Dice
Pool) to dodge, simply by declaring "Dodge!" before the opponent
makes an attack roll. Some situations may prohibit a dodge, such
as confined quarters or when the character has been surprised
The required roll is Dexterity + Dodge; each success subtracts one
success from the attacker's roll. A character can even subtract
successes from different opponents, though this means dividing
successes between (or among) them.

The difficulty to dodge melee or brawling attacks is a bare 6
increased by one for each opponent after the firet.

Difficulty Terrain

D By moving back half a step, the char-
acter is back under full cover.

4 Full cover within diving distance (one
yard)

6 Full cover within running distance
(three yards)

1 Partial cover within running distance
(three yards)

8 Flat and featureless, no cover (the

| character dives to the ground)


aE
In missile combat, the difficulty depends on the availability of
aeatby cover a character can dive behind to avoid getting hit. Each
success removes one of the opponent's successes. After such a dodge
attempt, the character usually ends up behind some sort of cover or,
atthe very least, lying on the ground (if there is no cover to be

\] found),

The difficulty to dodge during missile combat is determined
|} ty the proximity of cover.

STAGE THREE: RESOLUTION

During this stage, characters determine the damage inflicted by
their attacks, and the Storyteller describes what occurs in the turn.
The Resolution Stage is a mixture of game and story, for though the
dicenever lie, the Storyteller must interpret what luck has decreed.

Damage: Each weapon or attack allows the wielder to roll a
certain number of dice in order to inflict damage (difficulty 6).
Each success causes the target to lose one Health Level. Melee
and brawling successes do not add to the damage.

Soak: A target may make a roll to see how much damage she

-} "scaks" because of her natural hardiness. The target rolls Stamina
(lificulty 6); each success reduces inflicted damage by one. Forti-
tweandarmor may both add to the number of dice in the soak pool.

Note: Damage and soak rolls are two rolls in Vampire: The
Dark Ages that cannot be botched.

STaGE ONE: INITIATIVE

© Roll Wits + Initiative (difficulty 4). The winner
declares her action last (after she has heard everyone
else's actions) and performs it first.

© Declare Dice Pool division if performing multiple actions.

STAGE Two: ATTACK

© For missile combat, roll Dexterity + Archery.

© Formelee (with weapons) combat, roll Dexterity + Melee.
© For hand-to-hand (without weapons) combat, roll
Dexterity + Brawl.

© Dodge: roll Dexterity + Dodge. A character can forfeit
some or all of his Dice Pool to dodge at any time; each
success subtracts one from the opponent's successes.
(However, remember that straying from your declared
action will still remove one die from your Dice Pool.)

STAGE THREE: RESOLUTION

© Roll damage, determined by weapon or maneuver
(difficulty 6).
© Soak damage: roll Stamina (difficulty 6).

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS


—_

FREEFORM Comsat (OpTIONAL)

The Storyteller should be flexible when arbitrating combat
situations; no rules can fully reflect the variety of situations
encountered on the battlefield. The Storyteller should feel free to
let the players devise rules for special situations not covered byany
of the existing combat maneuvers. For their part, players should
remember that the Storyteller is the ultimate arbiter in such
situations, and her word is final.

If bickering or slowed combat results, go back to the standard
maneuvers. They are broad enough to handle most situations
Freeform combat is meant to add depth to the game, not create
conflict between the players and the Storyteller.

MEDIEVAL WEAPONRY

Most of these weapons should be familiar, though one or two
might be new to you.

A knife isasmall tool, no more than six or eight inches long,
designed for eating, hunting or some manual craft. A dagger may
be longer, up to 12 inches or even more, and is specifically
designed for stabbing.

A broadsword is a standard one-handed sword, a couple offeet
long, designed for hacking. A bastard sword is slightly longer
(around three feet), typically used with two hands; a strong person
(Strength rating 4 or more) may use a bastard sword in one hand. A
great sword is anything up to six feet in length, it is two-handed and
cannot be used from horseback (Note: few great swords are in use
during this period; stats are included for Storytellers wishing to run
chronicles in later periods).

A spear is a standard peasant weapon, because itis so cheap
It is simply a shaft of wood with a sharp metal point, in total
around five toeight feet long. A lance is simply a longer spear, used
exclusively by mounted knights. A pitchfork is used by farmersto
move hay and straw; it is a six-foot wooden shaft, splayed intoa
fork at one end, with sharpened points, and besides a club isthe
only "weapon" available to most impoverished peasants.

A battle axe resembles a modern wood axe and requires two
hands to wield. A hand axe is a slightly smaller, one-handed
weapon. A poleaxe is a longer two-handed weapon, usually
around six or seven feet long (Note: few, ifany, poleaxesare inuse
during this period; stats are included for Storytellers wishing to
run chronicles in later periods).

A mace is a wooden haft with a metal head (perhaps spike!
or ribbed). A morning star is like a mace, except that a chain
connects the head to the haft.

A short bow isahunting weapon, three or four feet long, which
may be fired from horseback. A long bow is around six feet long, and
may not be fired from horseback. A crossbow isa mechanical device
resembling a modern rifle, with a horizontal bow attached to the
front end; the bow is drawn by a winch or by hand, and the arrow
(called a bolt or quarrel) is placed in the bow. The bowman squeeze
a large trigger to release the bow and so shoot the arrow.

A traditional quarterstaff is "as tall as the wielder, and as big
aroundasher ist," butany pole, pipe orboard thats longenough il
suffice. In general, the heavier the object, the more damage it does


MELEE WEHPONS
| Weapon Difficulty Damage Concealment
Knife 5 Strength + | P
| Dagger Strength + F
J Broadsword Strength + 4 L
Bastard Sword ~~ E" Strength +5 ie
I} Great Sword 5 Strength + 6 N
| Quarterstaff 4 Strength +1 to +3. Noses:
|| Spear, one hand (*1) 7 Strength + 1 N
| Spear, both hands (*1) 6 Strength +3
Lance (*2) 8 Strength + 6
I] Pitchfork(2 hands) 6 Strength +1
Hind Axe 7 Strength +5
I} Battle Axe Wi Strength + 6,
I] Poteaxe (#3) 7 Strength + 6 N 3
|] Mace am ts Strength + 4 gs 1
|] Morning Star 7 Strength + 6 L 1
|| RANGED WEAPONS —
] Weapon Difficulty Damage Rate Concealment Strength Required Range
1 Shore Bow variable 2 12 T 2 60 yards
H Long Bow variable 4 12 N 4 120 yards
|] Crossbow (*4) variable 3 1/4 N Gt 90 yards
W Spear (thrown) variable Strength + 2 N/A N N/A
|| Knife (thrown) vatiable Strength NIA — moe
i} Rocks variable Strength-I NIA P 2 10 yards
|| Hatchers +1 Strength + 1 NIA C 2 yarcs
Concealment: P = may be hidden in a pouch (medieval tailors do not make garments with pockets!); C = can be hidden in the
folds of clothing such as a tunic or short cloak; L = may be hidden in a long cloak, coat ot monk's robes; N = may not be concealed
on your person.
|] Rate: 1/3 = requires three full turns to reload. A bow usually fires every other turn, as it takes one tum to prepare an arrow and
|] another to aim and fire. A quick shot may be taken with a short bow ot long bow, but to do so the archer may only roll half her
|| usual Dice Pool for the roll.
Range: You may shoot up to double the range listed, but it will be considered a long-range shot (with a higher difficulty).

WerxAPON Notes

*1: Spears are usually six to eight feet long, and are held out
leveled toward the target before an attack.

*2:Lancesare cavalry weapons. Damage if used on foot is only
Strength. If used at a full gallop it inflicts Strength + 6 and
automatically gains the wielder the first attack if used against
opponents with normal hand weapons. Used from the back of a
horse moving ata slower rate, the lance does less damage (Strength
+3, for example) at the Storyteller's discretion.

*3: A poleaxe usually has a point set above the axe head, and
canalso be used as a spear. The heads of some poleaxes also have
aiditional features, such a hook used to drag a mounted opponent
offhis horse.

*4: Botches with morning stars are always particularly bad.
fither the ball and chain become entangled in some inconvenient
object, or the character loses control of the weapon and strikes herself.

THROWN WEAPONS

Many weapons can be thrown, including knives, hatchets,
spears and rocks. The difficulty of hitting with a thrown object or
weapon is determined by dividing the range in yards to the target
by the Strength of the character (yards/Strength). Thus, if a
character with a Strength of 3 throws a rock at a doorway 16 yards
away, the difficulty of the attack is six (always round up).

The maximum range a character can throw a small object is
Strength x 10 in yards. The weight that can be thrown is two
pounds per point of Strength (or more if the thrown object is
aerodynamic). The Dice Pool to hit is made up of Dexterity +
Athletics. Strength determines the difficulty and, of course, the
number of dice in the damage Pool. The number of successes on
the attack roll does not increase the damage.

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS

At the Storyteller's discretion, a character can make one-for-
one trade-offs between range and weight. Thus a character with a
Strength of 5 could throw an eight-pound object as though his
Strength were 6, ora 12-pound object as though his Strength were 4.

Also at the Storyteller's discretion, if a character misses a
knife or hatchet attack by one success, the weapon strikes the
target with the handle or haft. The Dice Pool for damage should
be reduced by five dice, very possibly causing no damage.

Rocks

Rocks are found almost everywhere; they are the basis of the
thrown weapon system. They do Strength damage.

KNIVES

Knives use the throwing rules above, with one exception.
Always treat a thrown knife as being one pound heavier than it
really is; this represents the control required to strike the target
blade-first. Throwing knives do Strength + 1 damage.

FAN Brrow THROUGH THE HEART

In order to shoot an arrow through the heart of a
vampire, and so stake him, raise the difficulty of the shot by
two (to a maximum of 10). Remember, in order to stake a
vampire, the character must achieve at least five successes
and inflict three Health Levels of damage.

sor

~ [== T e
VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

HATCHETS

Hatchets use the throwing rules above; however, a hatchet
isa natural lever for multiplying force. Add one to the Strength
ofa thrown hatchet attack made by someone with an appropriate
specialty. However, hatchets are harder to control than knives,s0
always increase the difficulty ofa thrown hatchet attack by onein
addition to all other modifiers.

SPEARS AND JAVELINS

A javelin is a short spear about four feet in length. Spears
meant for throwing are also generally around this length.

AARMOR

Soldiers in the Dark Medieval world typically wear leatheror
metal armor to protect themselves. Leather of different thick-
nesses could be used, quilted or with rings or studs attached,
layered, reinforced or hardened. Several different varieties of
chainmail could be combined with shaped metal plates; there are
dozens of possible combinations.

However, to keep these systems nice and simple, let's assume
that there are four different classifications for medieval armor.

© Light Armor: Pieces of leather, perhaps hardened or quilted,
perhaps with a hood. These leathers are clearly different from the
normal woolen clothes worn by ordinary folk. This category in-
cludes armor worn by gate guards, outlaws, city watchmen and by
soldiers in garrisons during peacetime. It also includes the padding
worn by knights and soldiers beneath their metal armor.


* Composite Armor: A mish-mash of different armor types,
made up primarily of pieces of leather reinforced by studs and rings,
maybe including a battered helmet and scraps of rusty chainmail.
Composite armor has usually been assembled by looting the dead
after battles and buying or improvising odd bits piecemeal. This is
usually worn by mercenary bands or well-established bandits.

© Heavy Armor: Chainmail or heavily reinforced leathers,
usually worn with a helmet like a metal cap, with proper quilted
padding underneath. The face remains exposed, and sometimes
the neck and hands are also vulnerable. This is worn by men-at-
arms and impoverished noblemen when they are expecting a
fight. It weighs at least 50 pounds, so it is only worn when danger
is thought to be near.

¢ Knight's Armor: Chainmail covers the body, including
the neck, with bulky gauntlets on the hands and a large, heavy
helmet over the head. (The helmet looks like a bucket with slits
to see out of.) It can weigh over 100 pounds, and only the
wealthier nobles can afford to buy or maintain such suits.

Note that the typical "plate mail" armor many people think of
asbelonging to this period came along several centuries later, and was
notin use very long. Around the same time full plate armor came into
vogue, early firearms also came into use, making said armor all but
useless. Great weapons (great swords, great axes, poleaxes, etc.) were
also from this period and were developed partially to serve as can
openers against opponents in plate armor.

The exact effects of wearing armor are described on the
chart below.

The Protection rating indicates the number of dice added to
the character's Dice Pool to "soak" damage. Normal mortals may
toll this number of dice to resist damage inflicted against them;
vampires add this rating to their normal "soak" rolls, by rolling
Stamina + Fortitude (if any) + Armor Protection.

The Dexterity and Perception modifications apply for as
longas the person wears the armor (though neither Attribute may
be reduced below a rating of 1 by these penalties).

Minimum Strength denotes the minimum Strength rating a
character must have to wear the armor.

UsinG SHIELDS

Acharacter using shield is more difficult to strike in combat
than a character without a shield. However, shields are heavy,
bulky objects, made of wood, leather and metal. Shields are only
carried in time of war or serious civil unrest, and are not conceal-
able. There are two main varieties of medieval shields:

Footmen's Shields are round or triangular, and one to three feet
across. Anyone fighting a character who is using a footman's shield
has the difficulties of his or her Melee attack rolls increased by one.
(So the difficulty of striking her with a battle axe rises from 7 to 8.)

—

Cavalry Shields are long, thin shields, often kite-shaped. They
are usually only used by cavalrymen; leather straps from the
horseman's shoulders bear the shield's considerable weight.

If used by a dismounted character, the cavalry shield in-
creases enemies' Melee attack difficulties by two (e.g., the difficulty
of striking her with a battle axe rises from 7 to 9). If used by a
mounted character, the effectiveness of the shield depends upon.
the side from which he or she is being attacked. As the shield
covers the character's left side, enemies to the left have their
Melee difficulties increased by 3. However, the shield cannot be
moved to cover the right side, and so attacks from the character's
tight are resolved as usual.

Note that shields do not protect a character from attacks
from the rear.

SpeciaL MANEUVERS

As is the case with all rolls, the default difficulty for any
maneuver is 6. If the maneuver is designed to fool an opponent, the
difficulty is usually the opponent's Wits (or Perception) with a+ 4
constant modifier. Sometimes the difficulty is an opponent's Abil-
ity + 4, or, rarely, an opponent's Attribute plus an Ability (such as
Wits + Brawl), in which case the constant modifier is not used.

RESISTED ROLLS

Sometimes a character can resist an attack against him,
whether by dodging, performing an evasive action or using
another maneuver. The Storyteller should decide whether a
combatant should receive a resistance roll. The resistance roll will
often require the combatant to split his Dice Pool if he also wants
to attack that turn.

SUCCESSES

Generally, an attack needs only one success to hit; damage is
then rolled. In some instances, however, a set number of successes
is required, such as when a character tries to grapple an opponent;
he must gain more successes than the opponent's Strength score.

Damace (EFFECT)

Use the Brawling Chart to determine damage and adjust
from there for special conditions.

Ifthe effect is to fool or confuse an opponent, the general rule
is that each success on the attack roll subtracts one die from the
opponent's Dice Pool. In this case, only the attack roll is made;
there is no separate damage roll.

Multiple Actions: As always, a character will have to split
his Dice Pool to perform multiple actions in one turn.

Movement: Normally a character may not move and attack in
the same action. The Storyteller can allow movement-based ma-
neuvers to be performed with the following guidelines:

Armor Protection Dexterity Adjustment Perception Adjustment Minimum Strength
Light Armor 1 - - 1
Composite Armor 2 -l - 1
Heavy Armor sites 3 A Bl 2

J |] Knight's Armor 4 2 2 3

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS


If a character is performing some acrobatic feat, such as
leaping, swinging from a chandelier, etc., then a Dexterity +
Athletics roll may also be required. The difficulty depends on the
complexity of the maneuver. A simple roll to determine leaping
distance has a difficulty of only 3 (see "Jumping," pp. 207), while a
leap froma hurtling train ontoa running horse may have a difficulty
as high as 9. The character must split his Dice Pool between the
acrobatic roll and the attack roll. However, the Storyteller should
use the Automatic Success rule whenever possible.

There are some exceptions to this rule, in the interest of
dramatic license. If a player has seen many swashbuckler movies
and wants to use similar flamboyant moves, the Storyteller might
allow her to swing from a chandelier and attack without having
to split her Dice Pool.

GENERAL COMPLICATIONS

* Changing Actions: The difficulty increases by one.

* Immobilization: The difficulty to hit an immobilized
target is decreased by two.

* Stunning: When Health Level damage exceeds Stamina
rating, the target is stunned and cannot act next turn.

MELEE AND BRAWL
COMPLICATIONS

* Multiple Opponents: If a character is battling multiple
opponents in close combat, that character's attack and dodge
difficulties are increased by one per opponent (toa maximum of 10).

© Flank and Rear Attacks: The difficulty of a flank attack
is lowered by one, while that of a rear attack is lowered by two.

MELEE COMPLICATIONS

© Disarm: This maneuver is an attempt to knock the
weapon from an opponent's hand. The character rolls Dexterity
+ Melee; add one to the weapon's normal difficulty. If at least
three successes are scored, then she rolls the weapon's damage; if
she scores more successes than the opponent's Strength rating,
the opponent is disarmed. A botch usually means the character
drops her own weapon.

Roll: Dex + Melee
Damage: Special

© Double Strike

Knife fighting is based on speed and reflexes. A character
using this specialty can split her Dice Pool between two attacks
against the same target (without the use of Celerity). Each attack
Dice Pool receives one additional die. The difficulty for each
attack is 5. Damage is determined normally for each attack. The
character's Dexterity + 1 is the maximum number of dice that
may be used for each attack.

The maximum number of additional attacks is determined
by dividing the character's skill by two. If a character has six dots
in Melee, she can attack three times in one turn by dividing her
Dice Pool three ways. Dexterity + 1 is still the maximum number
of dice that may be employed in any attack. Also, the difficulties
for all attacks increase to 7.

Roll: Dex + Melee
Damage: Special
VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Difficulty: +1
Actions: 1

Difficulty: +1

Actions: |

© Parry: A character using a melee weapon may elect to
parry an attack, using her weapon to block the blow. Like adodge,
a parry can be performed at any time, so long as the characterstill
has dice in her Dice Pool. A character cannot parry with a weapon
as small as a knife, but she can use a sword or axe. She rolls
Dexterity + Melee (difficulty 6). Each success subtracts one from
an opponent's number of attack successes.
A botch on a parry roll usually means that the parrying
weapon is knocked from the character's hand.
Roll: Dex + Melee Difficulty: 6
Damage: none Actions: Special
© Stake: If you are going for the heart, your difficulty is
automatically raised by two, and you must achieve at least five
levels of damage for it to penetrate the heart sufficiently to
immobilize your opponent.
Roll: Dex + Brawl
Damage: Strength
* Sidearm Throws
This powerful but difficult technique is best used with smaller
throwing weapons, such as hatchets and daggers. Rather than using
an overarm throw as normally seen in knife throwing competitions,
this technique involves swinging the arm around to the side of the
body when throwing, releasing the weapon inan underarmstyle. This
uses many more of the large muscle groups of the body (even the legs
and hips, when done correctly), resulting in a longer, harder throw.
The disadvantages to this style are that the character must have room
toswing the arm widely, and that accuracy is much harder to achieve.
When a character is using a sidearm throw, her effective Strength is
increased by two, but her effective Dexterity is decreased by one.
Roll: (Dex -1) + Athletics _ Difficulty: 8
Damage: Strength + 2 Actions: 1
© Sweeps
Staves can be used to "sweep" an opponent's legs out from
underneath him in a fight. Treat this maneuver like a throw, ending
with the opponent falling in place — but with the additional advan-
tage that the character does not need to close in with the opponent.
Roll: Dex + Melee Difficulty: +1
Damage: Special Actions: 1

Brawt CoMPLICATIONS

* Block: A character can elect to block instead of dodge. Like
a dodge, a block can be performed at any time, so long as the
character still has dice in his Dice Pool. Blocks may be made only
against fists, kicks or blunt weapons. A blocking action cannot block
asword or arrow. Roll Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 6); each success
subtracts one from an opponent's number of attack successes.
Roll: Dex + Brawl Difficulty: 6
Damage: none Actions: Special
© Body Slam: A character charges forward, hurling his weight
into his opponent. It is possible to take damage with this attack;
bodies were not meant to be used as battering rams. A character
needs three successes to unbalance an opponent. He inflicts one
Health Level of damage on himself for each success fewer than three.
If the attack succeeds, the opponent is thrown off-balance;
difficulties for the rest of her actions this turn are increased by two.
Also, if the opponent does not succeed ina Dexterity + Athletics

Difficulty: 8
Actions: 1


roll (difficulty of the attacker's successes + 3), she falls to the
ground. The base damage done equals the attacker's Strength;
each success scored on the attack roll above the minimum adds
one to this base. If the attacker does not score at least three
successes, this maneuver fails. He falls to the ground and is treated
as though he has no dice left in his Pool.

The character can move his full running distance, but he
must run in a straight line; weaving around in circles does not
build sufficient momentum.

Roll: Dex + Brawl Difficulty: 7
Damage: Special Actions: 1

¢ Grapple: An attacker can try to grab a foe, hoping to
immobilize him or get a better chance at biting. If the attacker scores
more successes than the opponent's Strength, the attacker can
immobilize him. In the next round, she can begin to inflict harm. Any
character struck by this attack loses his attacks for the current turn.

If the attacker misses altogether (by failing the Dexterity +
Brawl roll), she is knocked down and must spend an action
getting to her feet.

Continuing to grapple during each turn after the first re-
quires the combatants to make opposed Strength + Brawl rolls.
Whoever accumulates more successes may immobilize the other.
If both score the same number of successes, neither gains the
upper hand this turn.

Roll: Dex + Brawl
Damage: Strength

* Kick: A kick can range from a very simple front kick to
aerial spins. Depending on the circumstances, the difficulty and
damage modifier may be adjusted (Storyteller's discretion). The
damage from a kick is never aggravated.

Roll: Dex + Brawl Difficulty: 7
Damage: Strength + 1 Actions: |

* Punch: The attacker balls her hand into a tight fist and
swings it with all her might. The Storyteller may adjust the
difficulty and/or allow extra dice if the attacker decides the type

Difficulty: 6
Actions: 1

* Claw: Only those with Protean, and claws extended, can
attempt this maneuver. Causes aggravated wounds.
Roll: Dex + Brawl Difficulty: 6
Damage: Strength + 2 Actions: I

Horses

In the Dark Medieval world, horses are used much as motor
vehicles are in the modern world — to allow mortals to travel
more swiftly and with less effort. However, they are not mere
vehicles, like cars or motorcycles, nor are they unthinking au-
tomatons. They are living creatures, often with recognizable
personalities. Keep this in mind.

Horses are easily startled. They shy away from loud noises, and
may panic and bolt if startled or if confronted with a frightening
situation (like an angry Lupine or a battle in progress). They hate
dogs. Some also have annoying habits, like a tendency to bite or
kick, a dislike of one particular type of person (e.g., men, women,
children), a refusal to jump fences or ditches, a tendency to stop for
a snack of grass despite the rider's efforts to spur them on, etc.
Cainites should also note that horses aren'tsuicidal, and won't want
to gallop through the night, especially through woods or over
uneven medieval roads. They also need a lot of care (generally at
least two hours per day per horse).

Storytellers should try to make characters' horses individuals,
with their own foibles and traits. Characters may be able to train
horses to some extent (such as training a horse to kick on com-
mand, or toremain calm in frightening situations) but the characters
should never be able to make their horses behave like machines.

MounTED ComBAT

Fighting from horseback is not easy. Some weapons are
simply unusable by mounted combatants. Storytellers should be
suspicious of players who claim that their characters are swinging
huge great swords or polearms from horseback. Long bows cannot
be drawn back fully by a mounted archer.

In any case, a character's ability to fight from horseback is

of punch she wishes to deliver: hook, jab, haymaker, etc. The limited by her Ride Ability. When a mounted character's Attacks
‘| damage from a punch is never aggravated. are resolved, use either the Melee or Ride Ability, whichever
Roll: Dex + Brawl Difficulty: 6 gives the smaller Dice Pool.
' | Damage: Strength Actions: 1 So, ifa character has a Dexterity rated at 3, Melee 4, but Ride
* Bite: After a successful bite, acharacter may subsequently __of only 1, she rolls four dice to resolve the attack, not seven. Only
drain his victim's blood. Causes aggravated wounds. if her Ride rating equaled or exceeded her Melee rating would she
Roll: Dex + Brawl Difficulty: 6 roll her full Dexterity + Melee Dice Pool to attack.
Damage: Strength +1 Actions: 1
| MANEUVERS TABLE
Maneuver Initiative Roll Accuracy Damage |
Grapple al Strength + Brawl 0 Strength
| Body Slam 0 Strength + Brawl +1 Special
Block — Dexterity + Brawl — 0
Kick 0 Dexterity + Brawl -l Strength + 1
Punch 0 Dexterity + Brawl 0 Strength
| Bite 2 Dexterity + Brawl +2 Strength + 1
Claw 0 Dexterity + Brawl 0 Strength +2

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS


® DEVELOPMENT

This section discusses the ways a character can increase (or
decrease) in power and abilities.

EXPERIENCE

During a story, characters leam many things. Much of what
they learn is not the type of thing that can be recorded on character
sheets, butsomething the players keep in mind thereafter. They may
learn never to leave a window ajar during the day, or never to walk
into a dark alley with a light behind them. Sometimes, however,
what characters learn can be recorded.

Ac the end of each story, the Storyteller awards experience
points to each character, normally giving the same amount to
each one. The players then record the points on their character
sheets. Experience points can be used to increase Traits.

The cost for raising Traits varies widely; see the chart below
for specifics. The cost is almost always based on the product of the
present rating and a certain number. Thus, if the character has an
Alertness rating of 2, and the player wants to raise it to 3, it costs
four experience points to do so. If the character does not have the
Trait at all, the cost is listed as a "new" Trait. A Trait can only be
increased by one dot per story.

Ro.eeiay Ir

As the Storyteller, you should not let a player spend her
experience points to raise any Trait she wishes — it'sa little more
involved than that. The increased Trait must be something the
character had a chance to lear or use during the story; either the
character achieved great success through use of the Trait, or she
made a big mistake from which she can learn. In the case of
Willpower, something must have actually occurred to bolster the
character's self-confidence.

You should only allow Trait increases if they have been or can
be woven into the story. Atthe very least, changes need to make sense
in terms of the story and not simply be changes the player makes
because she wants her character to gain certain powers or skills. The
more you force the players to make sense of their experiences, the
more character development as a whole is furthered.

AAWARDING EXPERIENCE
PomnTs

Assigning experience points requires a careful balance be-
tween rewarding the players and maintaining game balance. If
you follow the guidelines below, you probably won't get into too
much trouble, but feel free to experiment as you see fit.

END OF EACH CHAPTER

Give each character one to five experience points at the end
of each chapter (game session). One point is given, whatever the
outcome, as a function of simply participating (remember, some-
times we learn despite ourselves).

* One point — Automatic: Each player gets one point after
every game session.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

* One point — Learning Curve: The character learned
something from his experiences during the chapter. Ask the player
to describe what his character learned before you award the point.

* One point — Acting: The player roleplayed well — not
just entertainingly, but appropriately. Award for exceptional
roleplaying only; your standards should get increasingly higher.
In most cases, award this only to the person who did the best
roleplaying in the troupe.

* One point —Concept: The playeracted out her character's
concept very well.

© One point — Heroism: When a character risks herself for
others, such as when she fends off several enemies with torches in
order to allow the rest of the group to escape, give her an
experience point. Don't let characters take advantage of this;
there is a fine line between heroism and stupidity.

END oF Excu Story

At the end of each story, you can assign each player one to
three additional experience points over and above the one to five
points earned for completing the chapter.

* One point — Success: The characters succeeded in their
immediate mission or goal. Perhaps it was not a complete success,
but at least a marginal victory was achieved.

* One point — Danger: The character experienced great
danger during the story and survived.

* One point — Wisdom: The player (and thus the charac-
ter) exhibited great wits or resourcefulness, or came up with an
idea that enabled the group to succeed.

If you want to award even more points, thus allowing the
characters to develop even more quickly, simply invent new catego-
ties in which to award experience. These can even vary from story
tostory and can be based on the specific circumstances of that story.

INCREASING AND
DECREASING TRAITS

The costs for permanently raising the Traits listed below are
listed on the Experience Chart.

EXPERIENCE CHART
Trait
Attribute
New Ability 3

Cost
current rating x 4
Ability current rating x 2
Virtue current rating x 3
Road current rating x 2
New Discipline 10
Clan Discipline current rating x 5
Other Discipline current rating x 7
Willpower current rating x 2
New Thaumaturgy Path 7
Thaumaturgy Path (primary) current rating x 4
Thaumaturgy Path (secondary) current rating x 5


RalsING DIscieLines

Disciplines are probably the most difficult aspect of a charac-
ter for a player to develop, though it is certainly a high priority if
the character indeed wishes to live forever — only vampiric
power provides real and continuous safety.

Though characters gain Disciplines simply by spending ex-
perience points, the Storyteller may want to restrict the process
somewhat more. For instance, ifa character wishes to learn anew
Discipline in which she had no current rating, she may have to
search outa tutor or discover a magical amulet which awakens her
latent Discipline. How this works is up to the Storyteller; unless
the Storyteller says otherwise, players can simply use experience
points to purchase Disciplines.

GAINING VIA

Players can raise the ratings of their Roads as well, but only
after prolonged and consistent artistic or aesthetically based
behavior. A player may spend experience points to increase her
standing on a Road only after her character has done a "good
deed," as defined by his particular ethos. The Storyteller, as
always, is the final adjudicator of when this occurs.

As the Storyteller, be very strict about how characters can
regain Via. Remember that over the course of the chronicle, the
characters may slowly lose more and more Via. Preserving the
status quo should be difficult enough for a character, and actually
gaining Via should be next to impossible.

You may wish to make Via gain a specific reward for a
particularly vigorous story in which there was no real or practical
reward offered or given. Only the rescue of some unfortunate or
the persistent search for some kernel of truth or goodness will be
enough to gain new Via. Even then the gain doesn't have to be
certain; you could require a Virtue roll to gain the point.

GAINING WILLPOWER

Characters can buy permanent Willpower with experience
points, but sometimes you may give a player a specific chance to
, | tase his Willpower. The opportunity to gain Willpower makes a
| J great motivation for a story, especially your more bizarre ones.

Characters can lose permanent Willpower as well. This
occurs whenever a player botches a Willpower roll. Luckily, this
isarare thing, for Willpower is usually only rolled during frenzies,
when employing the dangerous forces of Thaumaturgy or in order
toresist Dominate.

BACKGROUNDS

Background Traits never change through the use of experi-
ence points. Instead, the change happens as a normal course of
events during the chronicle. Eventually, the Storyteller will note
thechanges, and the character's Traits will increase. A player may
wish to ask the Storyteller if one of her Background Traits should
bechanged, but this should not be done too often. The Storyteller
may design a list of things characters must accomplish in order to
ain ina Background — the players may or may not be shown the
| ] ist. To gain a new retainer, for example, a vampire has to find the

tight subject, befriend or Dominate him, and train him in the
| duties she wishes performed.

—


PERSONAUTY DEVELOPMENT

A character's personality can change over the course of the
chronicle, but for the most part the changes come through
roleplaying, not by simply changing the character sheet. For
instance, as time passes, character motivations change as well.
Deciding when and how a character's motivations change can
adda great depth to yourroleplaying. However, whenacharacter's
Demeanor or true Nature changes, it should be recorded on the
character sheet as well. No aspect of personality can ever be
changed through the use of experience points.

DEMEANOR

Though the Demeanor listed on the character sheet is simply
the way the character most commonly presents herself, it is not
an absolute standard of behavior. Changing the Demeanor of a
character may help the player focus on the change in personality.
Aplayermay change his character's Demeanor at any point in the
game, but should either tell the Storyteller he has done so or make
it evident through his roleplaying.

Sometimes the Storyteller might suggest the change after
watching the way the character is played, simply as a way of
alerting the player that she has noticed the change in personality.
Keep in mind that it really isn't all that important. Demeanor is
only a tool the player uses to focus and direct roleplaying. If a
change in Demeanor is called for or seems appropriate, the player
should feel free to go right ahead and change it.

Nature

A player may also change her character's Nature, but rules for
this are somewhat more restrictive than those for changing De-
meanor. A character's Nature is central to who and what he is — it
is the locus of his being. A change in Nature is akin to a change in
personality; everything is different after it occurs. It should not be
decided on the spur of the moment, but must be thoroughly consid-
ered. The Storyteller should force a player to roleplay the change
overa number of game sessions; a story might even be created around
this tumultuous transformation. Conversely, sometimes it may sim-
ply make sense that the change in personality comes about suddenly
asa reaction to what has occurred to oraround the character. Though
it is certainly up to the Storyteller's discretion, a change in Nature
sometimes results in a reshuffling of Virtues, though never a change
in the ratings of a character's Via and Willpower.

PuysicaL STATES

These systems discuss the parameters of health and the lack
of it. Injuries and healing are discussed, as is the difference
between the vampiric and mortal frames.

Injury

There are many different ways a character can sustain inju-
ties, but Vampire: The Dark Ages measures injuries in only one
way: the Health Level. A player records injuries in terms of Health
Levels; each wound causes the loss of one or more Health Levels.
Simply check off Health Levelsas the character loses them, so that
the last check made indicates the character's current Health
Level. As the character regains Health Levels, erase the marks.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Think of Health as a spectrum with Bruised at one end and
Incapacitated at the other. As a character takes more wounds, he
travels down the spectrum until he finally reaches Incapacitated.
When he heals, he simply removes the marks, one by one, until
he is again in perfect health.

Each success on an opponent's damage roll causes the loss of
one Health Level. Ifan enemy scores (for example) two successes,
the player checks off two Health Levels, starting with Bruised and
going down to Hurt.

‘When a vampire reaches Incapacitated, she is one Health
Level away from death. If she is injured one more time, or if it is
impossible to stem the flow of blood from her body, she will die.

HEALING

Vampires are dead and never recover naturally from wounds.
They mustalways use Blood Points to heal themselves. One Blood
Point will heal one Health Level; this always takes one tum to
accomplish.

Normally, a vampire remainsstill when healing, takingno other
action, but he can attempt to heal while performing other actions. A
character must make a Stamina + Survival (difficulty 6) roll to see if
such healing is successful. Success indicates the character heals
successfully while engaged in other activities. A failure indicates that
the Health Level is not regained and the Blood Point is still lost. A
botch causes the character to lose an additional Health Level.

AGGRAVATED Wounps

Vampires occasionally suffer wounds so severe they cannot
simply use Blood Points to heal them. These are known as
aggravated wounds, and are commonly created by sunlight, fire of
the claws and teeth of other undead. Aggravated wounds require
both blood and time to heal. Aggravated wounds can only be
soaked by vampires who possess the Discipline of Fortitude.

Aggravated wounds can only be healed at the rate of one per
day of rest and cost of five Blood Points per Health Level healed.
Additional levels can be healed in a night if the character spends
five additional Blood Points and one Willpower point pet level
cured. Aggravated wounds should be indicated on the character
sheet with an X rather than a check. The Storyteller can also
deem any injury to be an aggravated injury.

Finat DEATH

Though vampires are no longer mortal, they still face the
possibility of Final Death. It may be tempting to imagine vampires
as virtual gods, capable of doing nearly anything and of withstand-
ing nearly anything, but there are ways to kill even vampires. A
vampire who dies again may not be brought back to unlife and is
said to have suffered the Final Death.

Inflicting aggravated wounds on a severely injured vampire
is the most common way in which he can be extinguished. Ifa
vampire has no Blood Pool or Health Levels left, and sustains an
aggravated wound, he is utterly destroyed. Sometimes the Final
Death will result in the complete and rapid disintegration of the
body, and within minutes all that will be left is a pile of ashes.
Vampires can also be killed ifall the blood is sucked from them
by another of their kind. Deep water pressure, certain vampiric
diseases and decapitation are other ways in which a vampire can be


{
1

extinguished. You will need to decide how death can result from these
dangers in your chronicle, based on the rules given in this section.

Morrat DEATH

When a mortal reaches Incapacitated, she is one Health
Level away from death. If she is injured one more time or it is not
possible to stem the flow of blood from her body, she will die.
Deaths final for mortals unless they are Embraced just before they
are snatched away to the everlasting. It is possible for a vampire
totake a newly dead corpse and turn it into a vampire if no more
than five minutes have passed since death.

Of course, mortals heal differently than do vampires. With
proper medical attention, mortals recover based on the following
chart. Note that the time given is how longit takes to recover that
level — other levels must be healed as well. Thus, if the mortal

Pi aatl
Leif pues y
19 95 I
= IIL

takes three months to recover from being Mauled, he must still
take the time to heal Wounded, Injured and so one.

Sources OF INJURY

There are many ways to inflict harm upon acharacter. These
sources of injury are described below.

ComBAT

Combat wounds are dealt with more fully above. Each success
onan opponent's damage roll causes the loss of one Health Level.

FALLING

Occasionally, characters will fall. Use the chart below to
calculate damage. Characters can make Stamina rolls to try to "soak"
damage. The difficulty is 8; each success means one fewer Health
Level is lost. A botch means an additional Health Level is lost.

Time
One Day

Three Days

One Week

‘One Month

Mauled Three Months

Crippled Three Months *

*Notonly do mortals have toheal this Health Level, but
they lose one point from one of their Physical Attributes as
well. Mortals who reach Incapacitated heal at the Storyteller's
discretion; some will go into a coma for the rest of thei lives.

Distance (in feet) Injury

2 One Health Level

| 10 Two Health Levels
20 Three Health Levels
30 Four Health Levels
40 Five Health Levels
50 Six Health Levels
60 Seven Health Levels
70 Eight Health Levels
80 Nine Health Levels
90+ Ten Health Levels

Health Level

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS

\ ZA
ry : ry

~


FIRE

Fire is quite hazardous to vampires, and they fear it more than
nearly anything else. Fire always causes aggravated damage, and
therefore it can kill vampires. Any size flame can potentially harm
a vampire, but they can resist the effects if (and only if) they posses
Fortitude. Have players roll Stamina + Fortitude (difficulty varies,
see the chart below for ideas). The characters must roll every tum
they are in the flames to see if they can resist the damage. If they fal,
they take from one to three Health Levels of damage (see the second
chart below), while if they succeed, they take one fewer level of
damage per success than they normally would. If they botch, then
they are harmed in some special way — pethaps they lose theit
eyesight or an arm is maimed.

Difficulty Heat of Fire

Three Heat of a candle (first degree burns)

Five Heat of a torch (second degree burns)
Seven Heat of an intense bonfire (third degree burns)
Nine White-hot metal

Ten Molten metal

Wounds Size of Fire

One Torch (part of body burned)

Two Bonfire (half of body burned)

Three Raging inferno (all of body burned)

SUNLIGHT

Sunlight is one of the few ways to killa vampire. Sunlight causes
aggravated wounds, and each turn a vampire is exposed to sunlight,
he is burned. If the character has Fortitude, let the player roll Stamina
+ Fortitude each turn the character is exposed to the sun. The
difficulty is dependent on the directness of the rays, the time of day
and the cloud or fog cover. See the chart below for a rough guide to
assigning difficulties. If no successes are rolled, then the character
takes from one to three levels of damage, depending on how much he
was exposed (see the second chart below). Ifhe succeeds, he takes one
fewer level of damage per success. Botches indicate the character has
actually caught fire, and the character must now resist both the
sunlight and the fire.

Difficulty Rays

Three Indirect rays, heavy cloud cover or twilight

Five Fully covered with heavy clothing.

Seven Through a window.

Nine Struck by one small direct ray of sunlight,
or being outside on a cloudy day.

Ten Direct rays from an unobscured sun.

Wounds _ Size of Fire

One Only part of body exposed (only a hand).

Two Part of body is exposed (wearing a hood).

Much of body is exposed (wearing normal
clothing).


DISEASE

Though vampires can catch and even transmit human
diseases, they cannot die from them. They may become ill and
may lose Health Levels, but they cannot die from a human
disease. While lost Health Levels may be aggravated, once they
are healed the Cainite is cured. In some circumstances, the
disease will noteven affect the vampire, in which case he becomes
a carrier and transmits the disease to all those from whom he
feeds. However, rumors exist of a number of vampiric plagues
capable of killing Cainites within days.

STAKES

A stake through a vampire's heart does not cause death, but
does completely immobilize her. If a vampire has been staked
through the heart and cannot move, she will still lose one Blood
Point a day. Once all Blood Points have been lost, the vampire will
begin to lose Health Levels at the rate of one per day. Once the
vampire has reached Incapacitated, then she is assumed to have
entered torpor. Note that vampires cannot "die" from deterioration.

It is extremely difficult to aim a stake precisely through the
heart during melee. At least five successes are required for it to
impact such a precisely delineated area.

EXTREME COLD

Though vampires cannot die because of the cold, they can
suffer the effects of frostbite and even become entirely frozen in
severe temperatures. The cold is especially dangerous because
vampires do not have any body warmth except in the minutes
immediately followinga feeding, so clothing of any sort isofno.use.
Characters need to make rolls after they have been outside in the
cold fora certain period of time. This varies depending on how cold
itis, but usually it's about half an hour. Then they make Stamina
+ Fortitude rolls with a difficulty starting at 3 but increasing by one
per roll. The time between the rolls is determined by the Story-
teller, but keep in mind that vampires are much more resistant to
cold than humans. Vampires can burn Blood Points to give
themselves warmth, but such activity will not provide lasting heat.

TORPOR

As demonstrated above, death does not come easily to
vampires. However, when their injuries grow too great, they can
go into a very deep sleep known as torpor.

When a vampire becomes injured beyond Incapacitated and
loses all Blood Points as well, then the vampire goes into torpor
(though if the injury is aggravated, the result is Final Death instead).
The character is completely immobilized and unconscious, though
more powerful Cainites (such as the Antediluvians) can still use
some of their Disciplines in this state.

Additionally, the character loses a rating point from a
Physical Attribute once torpor has been entered. The player must
choose which Physical Attribute suffers.

Vampires with a Via rating of 10 come out of the deep sleep
within a day or so, while those not as advanced on their Road sleep
for a few weeks to a few months. The blood of an Ancient can
sometimes prematurely revive a vampire in torpor.

While in torpor, a vampire uses blood normally at the rate of one
rerday, but once the blood is gone, no Health Levels are lost.

Length of Time
One day
Three days
One week
Two weeks
One month
One year
One decade
Five decades
One century
Five centuries
Millennium +

A character may go into torpor voluntarily. When the char-
acter goes to sleep, the player simply informs the Storyteller that
the character is entering torpor. Many ancient Cainites voluntarily
enter this state in a protected place so they will not have to put
themselves at risk of frenzies or other dangers.

MENTAL STATES

These systems discuss the changes that can overcome a
character's psyche. It includes such conditions as frenzy, where-
upon the characters allow the Beast within to become the Beast
without; Rétschreck, where the fear induced by sunlight and fire
becomes an overwhelming passion; and Degeneration, where-
upon the loss of Via is considered. Also described are the various
Derangements vampires are prone to assume (and which all
Malkavians must possess), as well as the mystical Blood Oath.

FRENZY

Vampires, like mortals, are creatures of instinct. However,
the instincts of the vampire are those of a hunter, not a gatherer.
Vampires are the ultimate predators and stand at the apex of the
food chain. They are highly developed killing machines — the
harbingers of death.

For vampires to survive in society, however, they must learn
to keep the Beast in check. The impulses of violence so essential
in the wild serve only to endanger the vampire in the Dark
Medieval world. The power the Beast's rage provides has its uses,
but the blindness it creates far outweighs its benefits.

Vampires struggle to suppress the Beast but, no matter how
hard they try, they do not always prevail. Every vampire must
constantly struggle to restrain this Beast within him. The following
tules describe when and how it comes to be released upon the world.

In situations where the Storyteller believes a vampire's
instincts might kick into action, the player has to make a Self-
Control/Instinct roll. If she makes that roll, her character has
overcome the impulse of rage. If it fails, the character descends
into a temporary frenzy as the madness of the Beast takes hold.
The character is only partially in the player's control.

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS


PROVOCATIONS

Ic is always up to you, the Storyteller, to decide what circum-
stances might provoke a frenzy. You may ignore some very blatant
factors, but force the players to roll for what they consider very minor
things. Your interpretation of the nature of the Dark Medieval world
is reflected in what frenzy rolls you ask the players to make.

These frenzy rules are intentionally loose so that they work in
whatever way best suits your chronicle. If you want a more action-
oriented chronicle with characters who can be fairly confident of
themselves, then you will not want to have many frenzy rolls. On
the other hand, ifyou want the players to be very conscious of their
characters' essential weaknesses, and you want them to roleplay
out and face these weaknesses, then be more strict.

Hunger often provokes the frenzy and can result in the death
of the vessel as the character drinks it dry. This occurs only if the
character is hungry (three or fewer Blood Points), and is brought
on by the sight, taste or smell of blood.

Frenzy can also be provoked through anger, andcan turn into
agreat vampiric rage. Rage can be created by many things and can
vary widely from character to character. It is most often provoked
by humiliation or taunting.

SYSTEM

You do not need to resist the frenzy, but if you wish to do so,
make a Self-Control/Instinct roll (difficulty varies). It is an
extended action, and five successes must be collected before the
frenzy is entirely overcome. However, even one success tempo-
rarily prevents the frenzy from taking effect (one turn only). The
difficulty for the roll is the number indicated on the chart below.
You may not roll more dice on the roll than you currently have
points in your Blood Pool — the Hunger invariably overwhelms
even the best of intentions. A success indicates the character does
not frenzy, while a failure indicates she does. A botch indicates a
Derangement of one type or another at the Storyteller's choice.

Provocation Difficulty
Smell of blood (when hungry) 3
Sight of blood (when hungry)

Life threatened

Taunting

Being bullied

Provoked into anger

Taste of blood (when hungry)

Regent in danger

Outright humiliation

ROLEPLAYING

During frenzy, a character is capable of nearly any sort of
immoral, risky and psychotic behavior. While in a frenzy, she
must behave with animalistic abandon, concerned only with
immediate gratification. Whether that means a berserker attack
or stark raving madness depends on the stimuli. No logical
thought occurs, and all reactions are instinctive and emotional.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

If blood is available, the character will drink until she can
drink no more. It is likely the character will kill a vessel, for she
is consumed by the desire for blood. If no blood is nearby, she will
rush offin search of it. The character becomes enraged andattempts
to destroy everything and anything in sight. While she will head
for her enemies first, if her friends get in the way (or she has no
enemies near), she will attack them as well.

However, while in a frenzy, the character gains some benefits as
well as the obvious detriments. First of ll, she may ignore Health Level
penalties equal to her Stamina — she simply does not have to apply
that number of dice asa penalty. Secondly, she does not have to make
many Willpower rolls, since she is capable of doing nearly anything.

The player can decide to use a Willpower point in order to
control the character's actions on a single action for a single tum.
This provides just enough time to formulate a single thought ot
purpose, and unless other events get in the way, the character's
behavior can be guided over the following few turns. Just keep in
mind that using Willpower cannot stop the frenzy — it only offers
a little control over what form it takes.

Asthe Storyteller, use this to provoke players into roleplaying
frenzy more accurately. If players describe actions for their char-
acters that go against what you believe to be appropriate duringa
frenzy, allow them to doso, but then announce that they have lost
a Willpower point. Frenzy is not something trivial.

DurATION

Frenzy can last a variable length of time. It is up to the
Storyteller to decide when it comes toan end. Insome ways, frenzy
moves along a simple adrenaline-type cycle. When adrenaline in
a mortal would stop flowing, things calm down, the tension level
falls, and slowly the frenzy comes to a stop. Frenzy lasts for the
duration of the scene. When the scene comes to an end, let the
player begin to roleplay his character normally again.

A player can use Willpower points to regain control tempo-
rarily, or to restrain his character from one particular action, but
this will not last long. If the Storyteller does not believe the player
is roleplaying the frenzy properly, she can declare that the char-
acter has used a Willpower point.

A character's friends can help him overcome a frenzy by
confronting him and speaking with him. They must make appro-
priate Social rolls, with success allowing the character achance to
make a Willpower roll (which, if successful, can end the frenzy).
However, only those who have successfully resisted frenzy in the
presence of the character or are emotionally close to him may
attempt this. A botch on the player's Willpower roll may well
mean he attacks those who tried so hard to help him.

ROTSCHRECK

Vampires do not fear much, but, despite being immortal, do
fear that which can put an end to them. The two greatest threats to
their existence are sunlight and fire, and these dangers provoke in
Cainitesa terror which goes beyondall normal fear— the Rétschreck.

SYSTEM

Whenever a vampire encounters the sun or fire, the Story:
teller can call for a Courage roll. This roll can be provoked by
anything the character truly fears — most commonly the rays of


the sun or open flames. At the Storyteller's whim, this roll may

sometimes be required when a new vampire is first confronted
with a holy symbol or even a stake.

The difficulty for the Courage roll is usually 6, but can vary
according to circumstances as detailed in the chart below. Each
success on the roll indicates the number of turns the character can
stay in the presence of the thing or circumstances creating the fear.
When those turns have passed, another Courage roll must be made.
Afailure indicates the character enters the Rétschreck, a frenzied
state, and loses all control. A botch indicates the character not
only enters the Rétschreck, but gains a Derangement of some sort.
The type of Derangements created by a botched Courage roll are
generally twisted versions of the basic urge to flee in terror.

The playerscan spenda Willpower point in order to takeasingle
actionotherwise impossible to the character because of the Rétschreck.

Effect Difficulty
Torch in close proximity 6
Obscured sunlight 7
Bonfire 7
Open sunlight 8
Being burned 8
Trapped in burning building 9

ROLEPLAYING

When a character fails a Courage roll, he is incapable of taking
any action other than fleeing. Even if he is trapped with no place to
tun, he is incapable of taking any sort of sensible action. This reaction
will last at least a few minutes (longer in some cases) after the
character reaches cover and is no longer in sight of the sun or the fire.

When the character reaches a safe place, the player may make
a Willpower roll toregain control (difficulty 8). Each success reduces
the amount of time needed to recover (from a base of 10 minutes).

DERANGEMENTS

Some Cainites possess or pick up various quirks, neurotic
tendencies or even psychoses which will take them a great deal of
time and effort to overcome.

The effects of the Derangement may present themselves in a
variety of ways. How and why a Derangement begins, in terms of
the story, is a joint decision of the player and the Storyteller.
Normally, it begins soon after a botched frenzy roll, but it can be
caused by many other factors. Malkavians, for instance, begin the
chronicle with a Derangement of some sort.

‘When a character gains a Derangement, the Storyteller must
determine the type. You can roll a die to decide what Derange-
ment the character gains, but we don't recommend this method.
In many circumstances, you could even allow your more experi-
enced players to create their own unique Derangements.

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS


"99

ROLEPLAYING DERANGEMENTS

These Derangements are not meant to be all-consuming, forc-
ing the player into roleplaying in a tightly constricted way. Rather,
they are meant toadd some fun anda little bit of reality into the game.
A character does not have to exhibit the Derangement all the time,
since people can slip in and out of it, and it may only surface in
particularly tense moments. The Derangement does not have tore
the mind of the character — it need only influence it.

As Storyteller, it is incumbent upon you to keep a careful eye
on making sure that things do not get out of hand. Players have
two bad habits when it comes to Derangements: they either forget
they have them, or they let them get so out of control that the
Derangement takes over the story and the game session.

To stop players from conveniently forgetting they have
Derangements, simply tell them every once in a while they have
successfully controlled their Derangement, but had to use up a
Willpower point to do so.

To prevent the players from getting out of control with their
Derangement, you'll sometimes have to use more forceful tactics.
Take them aside and tell them that you like their sense of drama, but
that they're overplaying it just a bit. If they continue to use their
Derangement tohogall the attention, give them anew Derangement
that forces a certain degree of retreat from the world —like catatonia.

Below are listed 10 sample Derangements.

* Multiple Personalities: You possess a number of new
personalities. For the duration of the Derangement, you have
more than one Nature, and during the story you will switch back
and forth between the personalities. Thus you behave in radically
different ways at different times, and regain Willpower points in
different ways at different times. During this suspicious age, nearly

anyone aware of your persona-shifts will assume that you are being
possessed. And can you be so sure that you are not?

¢ Fantasy: You enter a self-created world of delusions in
which you are the unappreciated hero. Your desire to be good and
pure is fulfilled by accomplishing imaginary achievements which
sometimes overlap with reality.

© Regression: You become childlike, retreating to an earlier
time in your life when less was required of you; probably very early
in your childhood, as children in the Dark Medieval world assume
adult duties as soon as they are able to carry them out. It is very
difficult for you to do anything for yourself, and you may need
others to do things for you.

© Perfection: Everything must be perfect in your life. You
use all your energy to prevent anything from going wrong. When
it does, as inevitably it must, your control cracks, and you must
make a Willpower roll to resist frenzy.

© Overcompensation: You cover up your moral weaknesses
by playing up one of your moral strengths to an extreme. You
believe you are exceptionally moral and virtuous in one way ot
another — that youare honorable, loyal, brave, compassionate or
self-controlled. Your behavior is thus straitjacketed by your de-
sire. You constantly lecture others on their moral weaknesses and
demonstrate extreme arrogance about what you believe to be your
strengths. Of course, when the forces of reality reveal the empti-


ness of your delusion, the embarrassment will be great. Youdonot
believe yourself capable of falling into frenzy and will thus do
nothing to prevent or avoid situations that might cause it.

* Obsession: You become obsessed with some interest as a
reaction to what you have experienced. It is a sort of perverse
ambition toward which you direct all of your energy, like an
obsession for power, a certain person, amulets or even blood. You
need something to focus on to give your life meaning.

¢ Paranoia: Youare convinced that youare being hunted and
that there is no escape. You are obsessed with those you believe to
be chasing you and make all kinds of preparations to protect
yourself. Under no circumstances will you trust anyone, for you
hold even your closest friends under suspicion.

¢ Amnesia: In order not to think about what you have done,
you forget a segment of your past — perhaps even the experience
of becoming a vampire. This can make things very interesting for
atime. This repression prevents those dangerous memories from
entering the consciousness, and you simply forget the event ever
happened. More than the event can be forgotten, however, and
total amnesia is even possible. Additionally, in some cases a
character may "forget" some Abilities and be unable to use them
for the duration of the Derangement.

* Melancholia: You sink into deep and fitful depressions,
showing no interest in anything that used to capture your imagi-
nation. You view the world as flat and gray, with nothing in it for
you. You cannot rouse yourself to do anything, though you will go
along with others rather than expend the energy to resist. Con-
versely, occasional fits of great energy grab hold of you, and you
will work for hours or even days on your projects. During this time
you will resist even the need for sleep as you burn up blood and
Willpower on your schemes.

* Delusion of Grandeur: You imagine that youare far better
and greater than you really are — you adopt a glorious self-ideal.
Pethaps you think of yourself as prince, or you may believe
yourself to be the mayor or a religious leader. By imagining
yourself safe from that which you fear, you avoid the terror that
looms so near. However, whenever the delusion is broken, a
Courage roll (difficulty 5) must be immediately made to see if the
character frenzies or not.

BLoop OATHS

It is possible to create a Blood Oath with another vampire,
thereby making him your servant and, in some ways, your lover.
Blood Oath is spoken of as holding Regnant over another. The one
who holds it over the bound vampire is known as the Regents,
whereas the one who is held in Regnant is commonly known as the
Thrall. Usually it is the elders who are Regent and neonates who
are Thralls, but not always. An essential strategy in the Jyhad is to
hold many in Regnant, for it gives you powerful retainers whom
youcan trust. Many Cainites are suspicious of one another, for they
are never sure who are the Thralls of ancients and who are not.

CREATION OF THE OATH

The Blood Oath is created by the exchange of Blood be-
tween two vampires. The Thrall must drink the Regent's blood
three different times on three different occasions (on different
nights). It can be any amount of blood; but a sip or even a taste

if the Regent is of ancient blood. Unlike the limitations of the
Dominate Discipline, it is possible for weaker blood to hold
Regnant over more potent blood. Thus, a 10th-generation Cainite
could hold Regnant over one of the ninth generation.

The more times the Thrall takes blood, the more the Oath is
reinforced. Most Regents have their Thralls drink of their blood
several times a year, just to make sure the bond remains potent.
Many of them are fearful that if the Oath is broken, the Thrall will
plot against them. This is perhaps why so many Thralls are fairly
well treated by their Regent — after all, any bond can fail. Hate
can build up beneath the power of the Oath and weaken it.

Once a vampire has made a Blood Oath, she cannot again be
swom by another. Characters can only be sworn to one vampire
at a time and are thus safe from it if already bound by an Oath.
Every character is already on her way to making a Blood Oath, for
her sire has already given her at least one taste of blood. Thus, if
the character partakes of her sire's blood two more times, she will
be held in Regnant.

POWER OF THE OATH

A Blood Oath is primarily an emotional bond. Thralls view
the vampire to whom they are swom as a central figure in their life
and are invariably obsessed with him. Though they may despise
their Regent, they will do nearly anything to aid him. They will
do nothing to harm their Regent and will even attempt to protect
him against others who might attack him. Itis very likely that the
character will understand what is happening to her, intellectually
at least, but she will be unable to do anything about it.

The Blood Oath is like falling in love— once ithappens, you
are caught in its grip until somehow you break free. You may know
you are in love and hate what it makes you do, but that does not
stop you from being in love, and it doesn't prevent you from doing
some of the stupid things people in love sometimes do. Blood
Oath is possibly the closest to that vaunted emotion many
vampires ever reach. When roleplaying Blood Oath, use this
"love" metaphor to understand just how deeply and completely
the character is obsessed with the Regent. A Regent with a strong
conscience may feel this "love" to some measure in return.

One of the primary powersa Regenthas over the Thrall is that
she is able to Dominate the Thrall without requiring eye contact.
Aslongas the Thrall is able to hear the words of the Regent, hecan
be Dominated. All difficulties are two higher whenever the Thrall
makes a roll to resist the Dominate of the Regent.

The Blood Oath sometimes (but not always) gives the
Regent insight into the mood and feelings of the Thrall, and she
may even know where the Thrall is from moment to moment if
the Blood Oath has been held long enough.

Ifa character's Regent asks him to do her a favor, he will do
so if itis at all possible. If it requires him to risk his life, he does not
need to do it. Even love is not that blind. If there is an emergency
and the Regent is being attacked, the Thrall's first instinct will be
to go to aid her. Self-sactifice is not unknown, especially if the
Oath has been reinforced over the years. If the Thrall is treated
well, the Oath is reinforced, and it grows stronger. If he is
humiliated and degraded, the hate that develops will diminish its
influence on the Thrall.

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS


At the Storyteller's discretion, Willpower may be expended
to resist the power of the Blood Oath temporarily. First the
character must accumulate a number of successes on a Willpower
roll (difficulty 8) equal to the number of times he has drunk from
his Regnant. Then, depending on the circumstances, a single
Willpower point will eliminate the effects of the Oath fora single
turn to an entire scene. If the character simply wishes to plot
against his Regent, one Willpower would enable him to do so for
an entire scene. However, if he wanted to attack his Regent, it
would take at least one Willpower per turn, and the player would
probably have to make an additional Willpower roll each turn
just to get the nerve to spend that Willpower point.

It is possible to break a Blood Oath, but it can be difficult. It
requires not only the massive expenditure of Willpower over a
long period of time, but also necessitates that the character
completely avoid his Regent. If a Thrall does not see the Regent
for some time and does not interact with the object of his
attachment, the Oath will eventually die away. Some types of
Natures, such as Child and Fanatic, may never escape the Blood
Oath, while others may do so very easily. The breaking of a
character's Blood Oath of acharacter cannot be achieved through
experience points or successful rolls, for it must be roleplayed.

DRAMATIC SYSTEMS

Described below are a variety of different systems to resolve
actions, or, to put it simply, a bunch of ways to make rolls. If you
prefer to roleplay through dramatic scenes, just use these systems

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

as suggestions of what sorts of things can happen during the scene.
Physical dramatic systems are the most numerous, because these
actions are the most difficult to resolve through roleplaying alone.

PHYSICAL

These systems describe physical actions and confrontations,
dramatic situations in which Physical Attributes predominate.

AWAKENINGS

Sometimes a character will need to wake up in the middle of
the day. This is extremely difficult for vampires to do, as they are
highly nocturnal creatures. When something occurs that may
require the character to rouse, such as a noise or a motion near the
"coffin," a Perception + Auspex roll (difficulty of 8) must be made.
Any success indicates that she arouses enough to notice what is
going on. Failure indicates she doesn't wake up, while a botch
indicates she won't wake up at all.

Once the character is slightly roused, the player makes a roll
versus the character's Road rating to see how long he can remain
awake. The difficulty is normally an 8, and each success indicates
that the character can stay awake for one turn. Five successes
mean he awakens completely. No actions can be taken until the
character is completely awake. A failure means he goes back to
sleep, but if something else happens which might rouse him, he
can roll again. A botch means that he goes back to sleep and
nothing will rouse him short of Gehenna.

Throughout the rest of the time that the character is awake,
you may require her to make further rolls to see if she can remain
awake. The difficulties of these rolls are also 8, but only one


success is needed for her to remain awake. Failures and botches
have the same results as they do above.

Remember, during the day, no roll made by a vampire can
use more dice than the vampire's Road rating.

CuMBING

When a character attempts to climb any sort of surface (a tree,
cliff or building), ask the player to roll the character's Dexterity +
Athletics. The difficulty depends on the sheerness of the climbing
surface, the type of surface being climbed and, toa lesser extent, the
weather conditions. Each success indicates that the character has
climbed five feet. Once he accumulates enough successes to get to
where he wants to go, he can stop rolling. For example, Samuel is
trying to climb a 25-foot wall, so he needs five successes to get to the
top. A failure indicates the character is unable to make any progress
during the turn. A botch indicates the character falls and cannot
attempt to climb again without expending a Willpower point.

2 Easy climb: a tree with many stout branches
4 Simple climb: a cliff with many handholds
6 — Straightforward: a tree with thin branches
8 Treacherous: very few handholds

10 Extremely difficult: a nearly sheer surface

FEATS OF STRENGTH

A character's Strength is often used without an Ability for
actions where brute force is all that matters. This system works on.
the same basis as automatic successes. If the character's Strength
equals or exceeds the difficulty of the task she is attempting, she
succeeds automatically. Only if the difficulty is higher than her
Dice Pool must she make a roll.

Dice Pool Feats Lift

1 Ripa silk shirt 40 Ibs.
2 Winch a crossbow 100 lbs.
3 Bend a longsword 250 Ibs.
4 Throw a barrel of wine 400 Ibs.
5 Break down a stout

oak door 650 Ibs.
6 Rip chainmail 800 Ibs.
ic Bend a 1" thick metal bar 900 Ibs.
8 Throw a riding horse 1000 Ibs.
9 Punch through a metal

breast plate 1200 Ibs.
10 Lift a portcullis 1500 Ibs.
il Throw a draft horse 2000 Ibs.
12 Break a small tree 3000 Ibs.
13 Throw a stone

sarcophagus lid 4000 Ibs.
14 Punch through a

1' stone wall 5000 Ibs.
15 Throw a catapult 6000 Ibs.

PE ES gon

om Ce

When the character makes the roll, however, it is based on
Willpower, not Strength. It is a simple roll, so the character gets
only one chance to make it. The difficulty is almost always 9,
though it can vary according to the surface conditions, the
structure of the object being lifted and Storyteller whim. Each
success increases the character's effective Strength by one step on
the chart below (to a maximum of five steps). Thus, if the
character has a Strength of 4 but wants to flip over a wagon, she
needs three successes on the Willpower roll to do it.

JuMpInG

Jumping requires a Strength roll, or a Strength + Athletics
roll if it is a horizontal jump and the character gets a decent
running start. The difficulty for a jump is almost always 3 (unless
there are difficult weather conditions or there is a narrow landing
space). The Storyteller calculates how many successes are re-
quired to make the jump. There are no partial successes in
jumping; the character either succeeds in one roll or she falls.

Type of Jump Feet per Success
Vertical (up) 2
Horizontal (across) 4

Parsurr

This simple system is used when one character attempts to
catch another. One opponent starts with a certain number of
successes. This number is either determined by the Storyteller
(this is the preferred method), or by having the pursued character
toll Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6) for each turn of headstart
he has. Add up the number of successes achieved. This number of
successes must be achieved by the other character before he can
catch up. Once he does, he can try to grapple the fleeing person
(see the combat rules). The pursuer might only want to catch up
halfway in order to get a better shot at the fleeing character.

SHADOWING

Sometimes a character will want to follow someone. In order
tobe led somewhere interesting, this needs to be done as discreetly
as possible. This is what shadowing is all about — following
someone without the pursued knowing the character is there.

There are two components to shadowing — keeping track of
where the subject is, and making sure he doesn't see his tail.
Shadowing can be conducted on foot or on horseback.

The character attempting toshadow must make a Perception
+ Investigation roll. The difficulty is normally 6 (though it can
vary from 5 to 9 depending on the thickness of crowds, relative
speeds of travel and weather conditions). Each success indicates
that the target has been followed for a turn. A certain number of
successes is required to follow the subject all the way to his
destination. A failure indicates that the character has temporarily
lost the subject, but can try again next turn. If she fails a second
time, she has lost the subject completely, and the chase is off
(unless she can think of a new approach). A botch indicates that
the character has not only completely lost the subject, but she is
so involved in shadowing that she gets into trouble of her own —
she is attacked by brigands, accused of pickpocketing a noble, or
her horse throws a shoe.

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS

ITSO

(


Though the Perception roll is the most important aspect of
shadowing, a Stealth roll must also be made to see if the subject
notices he is being followed. Each turn the Perception roll is made,
the Stealth roll must also be made. The player must roll Dexterity
+ Stealth (or Dexterity + Ride if the character is in on horseback).
The base difficulty is the subject's Perception + Alertness, but this
can be modified by up to three points in either direction depending
on the circumstances (empty streets or thick crowds, for instance).
A single success indicates the shadower is not detected, and each
additional success also makes it more difficult for the subject to spot
the shadower, even ifhe is actively looking. A failure indicates the
subject becomes suspicious, and starts to glance surreptitiously
over his shoulder (and may make Perception rolls of his own; see
below). A botch indicates the character completely reveals herself,
and the subject now knows he is being followed.

Ifthe subject is alerted somehow (by the shadower's failure on
the Dexterity + Stealth roll), or simply looks to see if he is being
followed (out of habit, perhaps), roll Perception + Investigation.
The difficulty is the Stealth + 5 of the shadower. Each sticcess on
this roll indicates a higher degree of suspicion. Successes can be
accumulated from turn to turn; see the chart below to see how alert
the subject is to the fact that he is being followed. Failure means
that nothing out of the ordinary is seen, and the "suspicion value"
of the subject decreases to zero. A botch means the subject is
convinced he isn't being followed and no longer looks behind him.

Successes Suspicion
1 Hunch
Suspicion
Near-certainty

Positive knowledge
The shadower has been spotted |

Buddy System: Two or more characters can share shadow-
ing responsibilities by trading off. However, they must have
previously worked or trained together in this technique; other-
wise, the difficulties of all rolls for the pair are increased by one.
One player shadows for a turn or more, trading off whenever her
partner gives the signal. If the pair switches off, the subject can't
accumulate successes for very long, which makes it much harder
for the subject to spot shadowers.

SNEAKING

When a character attempts to hide in shadows or sneak up
ona guard, she must roll Dexterity + Stealth (difficulty of the
guard's Perception + Alertness). Anyone who is on watch or
actively looking for intruders can be considered a guard.

The sneaking character needs to collect a certain number of
successes in order to make it to where she wants to go. A Perception
+ Stealth roll can be made if the player wants to estimate how many
successes will be needed; the difficulty of this feat is usually 7.

Failure of any sort on a Stealth roll indicates detection.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

SwIMMING

Although total immersion in water is not fatal to vampires,
it is not very pleasant. Because vampires do not breathe, they
cannot drown; however, they can sink.

Any vampire immersed in water without any means of
support must roll Dexterity + Athletics with the difficulty deter-
mined by the severity of the water conditions. The number of
successes obtained determines how far they swim (or altema-
tively, how long they have stayed above water). Normally itisfive
feet or five minutes, but that can vary according to the needs of
the story. A botch means the character has lost ground (the
current drags you along, or the tide pulls you back).

If vampires are caught underwater during the day, they can
be harmed by the sun's rays — water is no barrier (treat as the same
as a cloudy day). If you get deep enough, the sunlight will not
penetrate, but at that depth the character might be crushed or
suffer the effects of the cold temperature.

SOCIAL

These systems involve social interaction between people.
They nearly always require a Charisma, Manipulation or Appear-
ance roll. Often these systems are best left unused, with the
success or failure of a particular social ploy instead resolved
through roleplaying.

CREDIBILITY

This system is used when a character attempts to convince
someone she is telling the truth: for example, when she attempts
to persuade a noble she is not lying, or tries to convince a
guardsman of her identity. The player must make a Manipulation
+ Leadership roll. The difficulty is the other subject's Intelligence
+ Subterfuge. Lower the difficulty by one to three if the character
is telling the truth (it does make a difference). Each success
indicates a higher degree of credibility. Five successes indicate the
subject is completely convinced. A failure indicates disbelief, and
a botch indicates the character is caught in a lie (or the subject
thinks he has caught her in a lie).

Fast-TALK

Fast-talk is a means of verbally browbeating and confusing
someone into submission. Manipulation + Subterfuge is the most
common roll for such a feat; Charisma or Appearance can some-
times be substituted. The difficulty is the target's Wits + Larceny.

Success indicates that the target becomes confused, and is likely
to agree with the subject, at least momentarily. Failure indicates that
the attempt has faltered, and the target can try to interject something
—an attempt to explain himself, or even an attempt to fast-talk back.
A botch indicates that the target doesn't get confused, only angry.
Fast-talk attempts by the character will never again work on him.

Repeated rolls might be necessary to confuse the target. As
Storyteller, you need to run attempts at fast-talk in a manner
consistent with the mood of your game. It can be as slaphappy or
as deadly serious as you like.

Willpower points can be expended to resist fast-talk.


INTERROGATION

Interrogation can be used in a number of different situations. It
isaform of questioning, not torture, though intimidation is certainly
employed. Torture can be used, but you will have to develop your
own rules for that if you wish to include it in your chronicle.

The player makes a Manipulation + Intimidation roll (diffi-
culty of the victim's Willpower). The number of successes indicates
theamount of information obtained (see the chart below). A failure
indicates the character learns nothing of value. A botch indicates
the subject tells the character nothing, and will never tell him
anything — or worse, the subject lies. For this reason, the Story-
teller should often make the roll for the player.

Successes Interrogation
1 Only a few mumbled facts
2 Some relevant facts
3 Much interesting information
4 The subject talks on and on
5 Everything of import is discovered

OraATION

Ifa player wants her character to give a speech, but doesn't
actually want to recite it, you can use this system. The player
should at least describe what her character says and maybe recite
a memorable phrase — that might even get her started into
roleplaying the speech verbatim. Oration is often very difficult to
roleplay, so never force your players to do so.

The player makes a Charisma + Leadership roll. The difficulty
depends on the mood of the crowd, its willingness to hear what the
orator says and its penchant for throwing rotten vegetables (difficulty
is usually 7). If the orator has any sort of reputation, you may wish to
adjust the difficulty accordingly. The number of successes indicates
how impressed the crowd is (see the following chart). Itisasimple roll,
so the player has only one crack at it. A failure indicates the crowd
ignores the character. A botch indicates the character may be at-
tacked by the outraged onlookers.

Successes Crowd Reaction

1 They listened, but aren't excited

2, The character has convinced them
somewhat

3 The crowd is won over

4 The crowd is completely enthralled

5 The crowd is in the palm of the character's
hand

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS


Ifthe speech is vital to the story, the player may make several
rolls. If you want to spend some time on it, you can make it an
extended action, interspersing each roll with roleplaying. The
character can spend as many tums asshe would like on the speech;
after the third turn, however, the difficulty increases by one each
turn, More successes than five might be required to win over the
crowd completely.

PERFORMANCES

This system is used whenever a character gives any type of
performance, whether it be comedy, music, acting or storytelling.
Itcan be at the high court or ona street corner, and can be formal
or informal.

The player must roll the appropriate Attribute + Acting (or
Music, or whatever Ability is most appropriate). The difficulty is
based on how receptive the audience is. A failure indicates a
lackluster, eminently forgettable performance. A botch indicates a
miserable performance that cannot even be finished — the instru-
ment breaks, or the character is booed off the stage.

The number of successes indicates how moved the audience
is (see the chart below). These successes determine the artistic
merit or technical verisimilitude of the piece.

Successes Your Performance Reaction
1 Mediocre Polite applause
2 Average Approval
3 Good Genuine
appreciation
Superior Vigorous
applause
Exceptional Ecstatic
reaction
Superb Immediate
sensation
Brilliant Miracle,
magnum opus

SEDUCTION

Seduction is distinguished from courtship in that the latter
is always a slower process, stretching out over weeks or even years,
while Seduction is designed to culminate more quickly, usually in
only a few hours at most. Courtship should always be roleplayed
out rather than trusted to dice. Seduction takes place in stages,
and unless a person succeeds during each consecutive stage, he
will not succeed at all. This system is designed to replicate the
activities of a dominant person over a more submissive one. If the
emotions and motives are true, then you should ignore this system
and roleplay it out.


fuge. The difficulty is the Wits + 3 of the subject (the player gains
abonus of one to three dice if it's a good line, minus one to three
ifit's a stupid one). Each success after the first adds an extra die
to the roll on the next stage.

Witty Remarks: The player rolls Wits + Subterfuge. The
difficulty is the Intelligence + 3 of the subject. Again, give
bonuses and penalties for roleplaying. Each success over and
above the base adds an extra die to the roll on the next stage.

Conversation: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy. The
difficulty is the Perception + 3 of the subject. Again, roleplaying
bonuses come into play here.

Intimacies: At this point, the couple may move toa private
area and become physically intimate. No roll is required.

MENTAL

These dramatic systems deal with the use of the mind and
Mental Attributes. They are employed in situations where drama
iscaused not so much by the action as by psychological tension.

SEARCH

This system enables a character to search for something ina
confined area, like a room. Have the player roll Perception +
Investigation; the difficulty depends on how well the object is

Opening Exchange: The player rolls Appearance + Subter-

concealed (it is usually between 7 and 10). Each success indicates
that more is found. Sometimes a certain number of successes is
required to find a cleverly hidden object. If you want, a lower
number of successes could warrant a hint or clue from you, thus
encouraging roleplaying and a degree of puzzle-solving. As much
as possible, lead the player through the search step by step. Have
her describe to you where she looks. Don't let her succeed if she
doesn't specifically search in the right area, and let her succeed
automatically if her description is detailed enough.

TRACK

This system is used to track people and things by following
the physical trails they leave. The player rolls Perception +
Survival. The difficulty is based on weather conditions, terrain
and the age of the tracks, but averages around 8. Each success
lowers the difficulty of the next roll by one.

The character needs to succeed for a certain number of turns;
the exact number depends on the length of the trail. Each turn is
usually about five minutes long. If the character misses a roll, she
can try again; this time, however, the difficulty is one higher.
Once it goes above 10, the character loses the trail.

CHAPTER SEVEN: SYSTEMS

99 Lo creafiure nor vermin oa

wall cit Gicr detect

source of Gis git
Bis chiller fave stray
much too distant 1 frat

But sifenthy now for we

grow ever feat

‘In thie towr defeated by

ruin and neglect


PANEL 1:

Ethan has gathered. two of his players, Kathy
and Justin, together for a game of Vampire: The
Dark Ages. Kathy is running Lucita, a Lasombra
runaway from a noble house; and Justin is ranning
the mad zealot Anatole.

Without any real dice-rolling, they go through
the beginning of the evening: a quick hunt, meeting
each other andso on. During the course of the night,
Anatole introduces Lucita to his sire, who tells them
of grave troubles brewing. He explains that two of
his childer have gone missing, and that a local
Nosferatu told him that they were last seen on the
road to an abandoned tower.

Hoping to gain the favor of Anatole's powerful
sire, Lucita and Anatole agree to search for the
missing Malkavian neonates. They soon arrive at
the edge of the tower's grounds and note thata light
burns in the uppermost window.

PANEL 3:

The tower door is obviously unguarded. Kathy
tells Ethan that she wants Lucita to see if there's
anything beyond. Ethan knows that noone ison the
lower floor; still, he has Kathy roll Lucita's Percep-
tion (3) + Alertness (2), to keep the players in
suspense. She rollsa 3,5, 7,8 and 2 —two successes.
Ethan tells her that the other side seems still as the

ve. She pushes the door open; it's heavy, but not
heavy enough to resist her unnatural strength

Ethan tells his plays that a wide stream crosses
the ground between the characters and the tower.
The two decide just to go ahead and jump it. It's fairly
wide, so Ethan decrees that they need two successes

® ona Strength + Athletics roll. He doesn't mention a

particular difficulty, so the default 6 becomes the
target. Anatole has Strength 2 and no Athletics.
Since Athletics is a Talent, he can still try with no
penalties. Justin rollsa 6 and an 8...just barely! Lucita
also has a 2 Strength and no Athletics; however, she
also has Potence 3, which adds three automatic suc-
cesses to any Strength roll. Ethan lets Lucita jump the
ditch without any dice-rolling. Even though she
could roll two botches and miss the jump, he decides
that her success is pretty much assured.

PANEL 4: "

The lower floor is obviously uncared for; still}
both characters say they want to try to perceive
anything unusual. Both make Perception + Alertness
tolls at difficulty 6. Anatole rolls (3 + 3) six dice,
earning four successes; Lucita rolls five dice, gaining
three. Ethan tells the players thar nothing seems to be
alive downstairs, but that there's a peculiarly acidic
reek coming from above.


BIG mount the stairs with
cA fears unsaid

And creep ever careful with
caution and" dread?

Mal Raxs secrets fide fiis scion
from sights

3

MF i

im 2

Strange fiermits Gir
f Had a tole and" Cucita

IW" ew WIND

Center this BAC and
day tie dew Therein,

1h
ni

F :
,

But resofve forms to fiorror as
Anatoles eves
Ful fortiia monster from
ciadows disguise
"Wilady. Gewared sfiouts the
mad chile of Caine.
"Chie fiend" workis a summining
~fie calls fort our Gand

8 =

silent swear Gy their Gin

Tie fiend fiisses caffiss
6G mous File
Calls Anatole, "Ts an

incubus vil!


PANEL 5:

Anatole invokes his ability of
Unseen Presence (Obfuscate 2) in
onder to better sneak up the stairs. No
tall is yet necessary. Lucita spends a
, Blood Point and activates Shadow
} Play (Obtenebration 1), gathering the
shadows to hide her better (she now
has an extra die on Stealth rolls).
}\ Thusmasked, the twoascend the stairs.

= NUR

AM

PANEL 7:
The Nosferatu in the corner was
hidden with Cloak of Shadows, but
only has Obfuscate 1. Anatole's
Auspex is 2, so he can perceive the
Nosferatu as normal. However, Ethan
thinks Anatole's Derangement would
come into play here. He tells Justin
that Anatole sees some horrible de-
mon-thiny materialize in the shadows
ofthe room. Justin has Anatole shout
swarming to Lucita (who, with no
Auspex, cannot see the Nosferatu).

Although this gives up the element of

surprise, Justin thinks Anatgle's
would be fully in charactet. / ? |

Y

PANEL 6:

iauicy enter die oom,dathan ais Kathy to make a roll to
keep quiet. Lucita rolls Wits (3) + Stealth (3 + 1 for Shadow Play
= 4) at the difficulty of the hermit's Perception + Alertness (6).
She gets 3, 9, 5, 8, 2, 0 and 4 — three successes. Anatole's
Obfuscate keeps him hidden without need for a roll; the hermit
simply does not notice him.

PANEL 8: >
The hermit whirls around and tries to intimidate Anatole aan ~":
with Dread Gaze (Presence 2). He rolls Charisma (3) + Intimida- \
tion (2) against Anatole's Wits + 3 (6). He rolls a6, 8, 1, | and
5 — not good at all, Although he would have had two successes,
each | subtracts one. Anatole is fine. At this point, Ethan asks

Kathy to roll Lucita's Intelligence (2) + Occult (1), difficulty 8. ~
Remarkably, she gets one success. While Anatole submits to his
hallucinations, Lucita recognizes the symbol on the hermit's
robes as representing a strong cabal of the Baali. The characters
have stumbled across some real danger now.


The mad would-be angt
strifies fearsome wil
And is met by the Devi

Gis focs
Through

steel,
Cucit' Goists thc Genciman,
aud gives a great Throw
Gruct Bim fiom the towee to

Grea far Gclowe att a'4 much GE To The nigit


PANEL 9:

Now Ethan calls for, initiative — Wits +
Alertness rolls.' The Nosferatu has six'Succésses,
Anatole and the Baali tie at five, and Lucita
scores only four. The Nosferatu springs on Lucita,
} rolling Dexterity + Brawl. He only makes one
success, which Ethan rules is enough to get‘a
loose grip on her. Ethan asks Lucita, known for
her short temper, to make a frenzy roll. She rolls
her Self-Control (Lucita is on the Road of Hu-
+ manity) and achieves one success. Lucita's undet
control for now,

Kathy announces that Lucita is furious, and
will spend a Blood Point to increase her Strength.
Her Strength rises to 3. Lucita then tries to hurl
the Nosferatu out the window. Ethan thinks for
a bit, then has her roll Strength + Brawl, at a
difficulty of 8 (the Nosferatu's loose grip is im-
peding her). She rolls 8, 0 and 5. With the three
free successes from her Potence, that's five in all.
Ethan decides that's plenty, and the thug sails out
the window.

& ikea'

PANEL 10: =

Anatole and the Baali act simultaneously, and both
opt totakeaslash at the other. Justin doesn't want to split
his Dice Pool to dodge, and the Baali doesn't bother.
Each rolls Dexterity + Melee, difficulty 6. Anatole scores
three successes and the Baali four; they're both hit.
Anatole gets four successes on his damage roll (Strength
+4 for a broadsword), and the Baali gets seven (ow!).
Anatole rolls his Stamina to soak, plus three for his
chainmail shirt. He does badly, only making three suc-
cesses; Anatole takes four Health Levels, bringing him to
Wounded. He now subtracts two from his Dice Pools.
The Baali earns only two successes, and drops to Hurt.

—_

PANEL 12:

Lucita moves to check on Anatole. He's injured,
but it's nothing that can't be healed with Blood Points.
The Baali, however, has escaped, using his Obfuscate to
flee. What next? Do the wo try to track the Baali
somehow? Has he even left the tower at all? And what
about the Nosferatu? And where exactly do the missing

Malkavian childer fit in? Lucita and Anatole were very

lucky to do so well against these wo for the nonce, but

now they must quickly determine their next move....7.4, "a
s Da



this is the point, to speak short and plain,
Chat each of you to shorte vith oure voane
an this pilgrirmage, shall tell troo tales -

- Geoffrey Chaucer, the Canterbury Tales

This chapter is about the art of telling stories.
af you've never done this before, it tight seemea
Gittlestrangeat fest. you've done if countless
times before, we should begin by saying that
Vampire? the Dark Ages has its oven inherent
virtues and pitfalls. Chis game, like many
coleplaying games, has abroaderpanse of theres,
settings and ideas. Mherefore, it helps to have a
structure we can use to deodop stories. This
chapter sketches a map of the territories ahead.
€xploring that territory is up to you and your
troupe Youre the navigator, the hdimsmanand
the captain You are the Storyteller.


Remember the last time yousawa really great movie? Remem-
ber how it felt? When we watch a film we really enjoy, time seems
to stand still. The rest of the world is set aside, and the experience
consumes our senses. From the opening scene to the end credits,
that film becomes our world. Afterward, we can say that it's "just
a movie," but then again, part of us knows that isn't exactly true.

A movie is a way of telling a story. If it's a really good film,
we find a reason to get caught up in it. Maybe it's a character with
whom we can identify or a scene that makes us feel something.
We watch hoping to find something we like. The motion-picture
medium has one big drawback, however — it's a passive experi-
ence. A person in the audience can choose whether he'll have
butter on his popcorn or where he wants to sit in the theater, but
that's about it. He will have his own reasons for liking the film, but
someone else has put the meaning into it.

A lot of stories are like that. With books or plays, television
programs orcomics, the end result is the same. Someone else tells the
story, we watch it or read it, and take what we're given. The best we
can hope for is to read something into it that wasn't originally there.

Storytelling games are another medium for telling stories, a
medium justas valid as movies or television. Each entertainment has
its own strengths and weaknesses, but storytelling has an overriding
strength — it's a personal experience. The people involved tailor it
to what they want it to be and rework it for themselves.

With the assistance ofa group of players and the advice in this
book, each of you will bring your own story to life. You're not going
to perform for an audience of millions, nor will you be dependent
upon a budget of millions. With a few dice, some friends and
maybe a little pizza, you'll lead your troupe of players on a journey
that no movie or television program can ever fully reproduce. A
game is just a game, but a well-told story is a work of art.

THE STORYTELLER

But when it was midnight Sharazad awoke and signalled to
her sister Dunyazad who sat up and said, "Allah upon thee, O my
sister, recite to us some new story, delightsome and delectable,
wherewith to while away the waking hours of our latter night."

— The Arabian Nights Entertainments

For the uninitiated, let's begin with the basics.

The players havea rather straightforward job—each focuses
on developing a single character. The Storyteller is responsible
for everything else. As one would expect, running the world isno
minor task.

The first responsibility of the Storyteller is to act out the role
of anyone the characters encounter. Going back to the analogy of
films, it's as if the players are the stars and the Storyteller is
responsible for the supporting cast.

Second, and very important to the flavor of Dark Ages, is the
task of defining the setting these characters live in. The Storyteller
describes the streets they walk on, the homes they live in and even.
the culture they've developed. For regular 20th century Vampire,
this is easy — take our world, throw on a coat of black paint, add
monsters and stir. For Dark Ages, it's a little harder.

The next responsibility is to interpret the rules. As the char-
acters explore the world you've created, you'll have a set of rules to
help you interpret events as they happen. Whether a character is

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Lire BY CANDLELIGHT

The Dark Medieval world is‘one in which things of a
fantastical nature are made possible. In your everyday life,
there is one very easy way to dispel nearly any fear of 3
supernatural nature — turn on the light. A flick of the
switch, and the closet monster, the creaking thing in the
hall and the imp scratching at the window are all banished.
But what if the only way to find out what was making that
noise was to walk right over to it with a candle? No candle
can match an electric flashlight for range ot brightness,
which means you'll have to get upawfully close. And if there
is something there, do you really want to get that close? It
becomes easier to understand the superstitions of people in
years past once you take away the safety of electric light.

Think about the way people look by candlelight —
more romantic, or more menacing? Do they look less, or
more, like themselves? The charactet in Vampire: The
Dark Ages rise at sunset and slink bagk to their havens at
dawn, so their entire world is lit by tor¢h and candlelight.
The play of light and shadow provided by flickering
firelight seems to make all things possible. So it is with
Storytelling — the world is your canvas.

climbing a tree or Dominating the Duke of Milan, it helps to have
a set of rules to back you up. These rules should allow you to focus
on the most important part of your game — your story. Beyond the
math and mechanics, rules serve as a guide to describing the events
of the game. The Storyteller interprets the raw numbers and dice
rolls, and weaves their revelations into the story. If the rules get in
her way, she simplifies them or sets them aside. The story's the thing.

The story itself is the last consideration, but by no means the
least important one. Begin each chapter of your story with a rough
idea of where you want that story to go and what you want it tosay
to your players, then guide their characters into the world you've
created. Things won't always go the way you've planned —
players will always come up with variations and twists you never
considered —but that's part of the fun of collaborative storytelling.
With a little practice and a helpful group, the lot of you can tum
your concepts into full-fledged tales.

This book gives you the elements you need to begin to puta
story together. There's a set of guidelines for creating characters, an
elaborate background to integrate into your setting and a framework
of rules to guide you through the story. Once you've prepared what
youneed, youcan then chart the course of your chronicle. Take what
you want, and leave the rest behind. It's your world. It's your story.

THE TROUPE

Fortunately, you're not going into this task alone; storytelling
is an interactive activity. Each player, by designing a character,
has given you a set of cues for what type of story she wants to hear.
Is the story romantic? Is it filled with action and violence? Is it
ultimately tragic? The players in your troupe aren't your audience
— they're your collaborators. Through a process of give and take,
you shape the story with them.


erlang NLL

The players will give youa lot of freedom to create, butnever
forget that they're also part of the creative process. Each of you
makes an investment of time and effort when you game together;
any of you could be reading a book or going out on a date instead.
Your players have put a degree of trust in you to make their
investment worthwhile. Naturally, you will.

This doesn't mean that you should give players whatever they
want. Ifthere's no danger or conflict in your story, there'sno drama.
lia story seems completely arbitrary, the illusion is shattered.
There'sa balance between setting up obstacles the characters must
overcome and realizing when the game becomes unwieldy. A great
Swryteller plays off what her players say, and keeps the balance
between organization and improvisation. This requires a degree of
cupathy and a sense of what works in a story and what doesn't.

It's tough, but rewarding; when a room full of people is

iptivated by a story, the Storyteller feels the reaction. The
{ayers become enthusiastic, and the session is better because of
fut energy. There are moments in a story when it becomes so
compelling that everyone is drawn into it. Storytellers live for
hese moments. Time stands still, and the mechanism of the game
sset aside as the story becomes "real." If you remember to make
sure that the characters are having fun, and collaborate with your
roupe to create a good story, that bliss is your reward.

TELLING STORIES
Keep to moderation, keep the end in view, follow nature.
— Lucan

Before we get down to the nuts and bolts, we should take a
look at what we're really trying to attain by telling stories. The
Storyteller has a vision of an elusive ideal. Life rarely measures up
to our ideals, but by pursuing them, especially in our storics, we
come closer to our goal of what Storytellingshould be. Storytelling
is not a technique or a process, but an art — a journey.

Over the last century, a certain four-letter word has been
corrupted and abused. That word is myth. Myth is commonly
defined as a set of lies about things that cannot be. Throughout
the evolution of storytelling, artful wordsmiths have proven that
wrong. A myth doesn't need to be academic or elitist. A "real"
myth is a story we can believe in because it tells us something
about the world. The events may not be true, but the theme
behind the events is based on true things.

Amythisametaphor. By examining myths and constructing
our own, we come to understand what's important to us. When we
create stories — and aspire to create myths — we take what we
value from the real world and weave it into our story. The greatest
inspiration often comes from what we know, or at least what we
want to leam. If you can take the feelings and ideals you experi-
ence in the real world and bring them to life in a story, you've
created a metaphor. Your story world is still an illusion, but you
and your troupe can still care about the characters and events.

CHAPTER EIGHT: STORYTELLING

Unfortunately, the world at large often tells us that caring
about a story, or even setting aside time for a game about teling
stories, is wrong. But if it's acceptable for us to get caught up in
books, films or television programs, then it's certainly okay forus
to care about the games we play. Crafting stories and weaving
them into existence with a troupe is an experience no pasive
medium can duplicate.

The journey you undertake as a Storyteller extends as faras you
want to go. If, for instance, all you're interested in is playing a quick,
fun game for a few hours, that's fine. If you game to have a dumping
ground for your angst, that's certainly your choice. Should youchoose
to go beyond that, though, the opportunity for artistry is there.

It would be the height of pretense to say that a roleplaying
game will show you the truths of existence. However, the creative
energy you generate with your troupe should be something that
stays with you even after the story is finished. If you choose to
undertake the journey of Storytelling, pursue it to the fullest and
seek out that element of truth in the myths you create, you'll have
done more than find diversion. If you and your players care about
the characters and ideals you bring to the world of Dark Ages,
then you are at the center of the experience the entire time,

CHRONICLE

Look with favor upon a bold beginning.

— Virgil, Eclogues

Now that you've seen the theory behind Storytelling, it's
time to put it to work. The practical side of preparing for a game
involves planning your chronicle, a series of connected stories
that builds into something bigger. If a story is a chapter ina book,
a chronicle is the entire novel or the entire series.

Achronicle can be as lengthy as you like, from a few sessions
toa campaign that takes years to fully develop. Because there are
characters at the heart of the story, there's always the chance to
develop a chronicle further. If you've created a thorough back-
ground and supporting cast for your chronicle, there's always
room fora "sequel" to the initial story. Your players will hopefully
find your chronicle intriguing enough that they'll want todevelop
it further. Always leave them wanting a little more.

Long before the players begin to create their characters, take
the opportunity to map out where you want the chronicle togo. An
exciting setting and cool subplots are good places to start. Along
the way, there should be issues to examine, problems to solve and
places to discover, but the basics of your chronicle come first.

GETTING STARTED

Dark Ages is a fairly easy game to run once you know your
territory, but the set-up can seem intimidating at first. Afterall, this
is a game about bloodsucking monsters living and dying in a time
you may notbe familiar with, ina land and place that you may never
have seen or heard of (what modern country is Transylvania a part
of?). Fortunately, if you tackle your problems one by one, every-
thing is very simple. Here are a few tips:

* Conceptualize

First, decide on the kind of story you want to tell. Will the
characters be swept up in court intrigue, noble betrayals and the
power-plays so loved by the elders? Or is their fiefalready embattled


(in disputes human or otherwise), and are the characters faithful
war lieutenants of their sires? Do they have a permanent home, or
dothey wander, either as rag-tag, suspicious creatures or the trusted
emissaries of a powerful prince? Define the direction as you like.
The rest will flow from there.

¢ Brainstorm

Now for the fun part — daydreaming. As you reflect on your
chronicle, things from the real world will inspire you. Anything can
act as inspiration — a story on the news, an encounter at the bus
stop, an insight into another person or a song that's stuck in your
head are a few examples. Take notes. Draw. Outline. Visualize.
Your creativity will lead you from there.

Good things to plan at this stage include: strong antagonists,
allies and local subcultures, the common goal, the overall setting (is
iturbane, brilliant Constantinople? the squalid backstreets of primi-
tive London? the wild and lonely Pyrenees mountains? or even
nervous and besieged Jerusalem?), major themes you wish to explore
andso on. Running a game will become much easier once you know
where you want to go with it.

© Get Input

Your players will, of course, want some say in the game they'll be
playing. After all, if your troupe wants to kick ass, and you want them
torunordie, your game will have problems from the start. The players
are your collaborators, after all. Get their input before you begin.

You need not tell them what it is you have in mind; a little
misdirection is not a bad thing —some of your actual plans mixed
in with a bit of daydreaming should keep the players from
knowing what to expect. Keep an open mind at this point; the
suggestions you get may lead to something better than you
originally planned.

* Set Boundaries

Obviously, your game cannot be all things to all people.
Once you have a good idea of your chronicle's direction, lay out
what you need in solid form (See "Packing," below), and let the
players know what they can and cannot play.

A group needs some kind of coherence. If you have a pack of
vampires who would never stay together without a player group
behind them, your campaign will fall apart. Before you begin, let
your players know what kind of characters they should design. If
the game will be combat-heavy, tell them to load up on fighting
skills; if it's to be an intrigue-laden mystery, Social Attributes and
Abilities (or the lack of them) will be important. Most of all, try to
establish some sort of a reason for the characters to work together
—aquest, acommon haven, mutual revenge, family ties, romantic
interest, etc. Make them have some motivation to stay together.

Above all, make sure this common bond is strong but not
binding. Nobody wants to play a game in which they remain
slaves to the Storyteller's demands.

* Plan First Scene

The first scene will set the mood for the entire chronicle. If it
begins with the usual, "Um, all you guys are in this tavern, see, and
allofasudden, a fight breaks out...," the game will have a random
feel to it. When the first scene is strong, however: "The streets of
Effelheim are blanketed by an unseasonable, blinding fog, and the
Great Square is filled with tired, stumbling mortals heading home
from market day. You reach the marble steps of the house where

Baron von Sprenger, a Ventrue, is holding court tonight. As you
climb them a figure runs past you in the gloom, throwing a cloth-
wrapped bundle up to you. It lands witha cracking thud at your feet.
The sacking comes loose with the impact, and in the deathly pale,
bloodied face it reveals, you recognize the adopted mortal daughter
of the Baron..." —the tale begins with a kick, a tone andan overall
goal. Writers call this the "hook"; give your game a powerful hook,
and you'll be off to a good start.

SETTING

Had I been present at the creation, I would have given some
useful hints for the better ordering of the universe.

— Alfonso the Wise

Any story needs a strong setting. With Dark Ages, it can be
the most important element of the chronicle. It's important to
think out how you will cope with historical and geographical
details before the game begins. There are basically three ways to
approach the problem.

You can wing it completely in a fictional European country
of your own devising (e.g., Ruritania in the High Middle Ages).
This gives you complete control over customs, currency, political
structure, social order, etc., and still lets your players' characters
come from whatever country and background they choose. The
major disadvantage is that your players will only know about the
setting what you tell them of it. The minor disadvantage is that
you have to invent an entire country and work out its relation to
the rest of the World of Darkness.

You can set it in a real place that you know through a few
books, Hollywood and TV, and just fudge the details. Most people
could do a decent job starting a campaign in Robin Hood's
England, for instance. The important thing in this case is to warn
the players ahead of time that the story and the atmosphere will
override any conflicts in historical details. If you are drawing from
a specific work of fiction, let the players see it or read it so that
everyone will have the same expectations.

And finally, you can set it in the historic version of Europe,
and keep track of major events that affect the region orcity as they
happened. This may involve quite a lot of research if the area was
an important one, and has the obvious disadvantage that well-
read players could run the city's most accurate fortune-tellers.
Still, what happened in Rome in 1214 in the World of Darkness
isn't necessarily what happened in Rome here...

A happy medium between the three is probably best. With
an historic timeline, fictional city, common-knowledge customs
and a relaxed attitude toward accuracy on the part of the troupe,
acampaign could goa long way before becoming bogged down in
textbooks. Use historical references for inspiration and flavor, but
don't allow yourself to be shackled by them. The Bibliography has
a few suggestions to get you started, but you should make any city
your own, with details to fit your particular chronicle.

With all this in mind, the area the characters know best, or
the one where they'll be spending the most time, is the place to
focus on first. Choose a city, or imagine one. If the characters are
inclined to venture into the werewolf-infested countryside, re-
search or invent the surrounding territory.

Asyouthink through yoursetting, you'll develop the details.
Minor details can be just as useful as major ones. What places will
the characters visit often? Where can they go for gossip? Where
do they hunt? Where can they sleep safely? Plan out the basics. If
you have a variety of elements prepared beforehand, you'll glide
into them effortlessly when you need them. If you haven't
prepared a particular detail, you'll find inspiration on the spur of
the moment, but having something to fall back on will make you
more comfortable.

SupportTiING CHARACTERS

Add to this background a group of supporting characters.
Who shares the world with the characters? Who rules the area for
the kine? What about the prince of the Cainites? What are the
supernatural threats that remain hidden? What other vampires
live in the city, and whom do they serve? One temptation here is
to fall back on stereotypes or choose the obvious, but character
comes from personality, not templates. If you stick to the obvious,
your chronicle will become predictable and shallow.

Even small details can go a long way toward defining a
character's personality. How doesa character speak? What inspires
histrust?Whatcolorcloak doeshe wear? A toothlessoldfisherwoman
with the eyes of a hawk and a nose for "witches" might be a better
story hook than the information-selling Nosferatu in the cellar.
Fleshing out a character involves giving her little quirks and petty
flaws, and any character, even a supernatural one, must be able to
relate to the world around her.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Ste bebe VE

To keep your story realistic, don't forget to include the
"normal" world. Not everyone the characters meet will be a
Lasombra witha plan to wrest control of the city from his Ventrue
rivals. Before you escalate the danger level of your campaign,
remember that putting personality into "mundanes" can make the
setting richer and more robust. If your supporting cast is a seriesof
combat statistics or neat critters, you don't have a supporting cast.
You have gota bunch of stereotypes. Any character needsadegree
of motivation and depth, even a supporting one.

Motivation puts a character in motion. Consider: Every
character has a goal. That character will work toward that goal
until he meets outside opposition. In physics, "an object in
motion stays in motion... until acted upon by an opposing force."
The same applies to your supporting cast. Outside opposition
usually comes from the characters, the most potent motivators in
the story. If the opposition doesn't come directly from them, it
might still come from the consequences of their actions. Things
happen fora reason, and often, the rationale "she does it because
she'se-vil..." just doesn't cut it. To give yourstories verisimilitude,
focus on making the supporting characters realistic.

This applies to antagonists as well. If there's no conflict, there's
no drama; antagonists provide opposition. Don't set up a series of cut-
out figures — giving a "villain" a motivation is a challenge. A game
gains depth when the adversaries aren't so much villains as characters
with different points of view. Don't think of them as guys in black
hats; the phrase "alternative morality" is useful here.


Ai

)

It's hard to play an antagonist convincingly if you can't
understand him. This doesn't mean that you have to agree with
him, but you do need to have an idea of how he thinks. This makes
the game more challenging for your players. A black hat is easy to
overcome, buta detailed antagonist, with his own particular idiom
and point of view, makes for a worthy adversary. Even the darkest
adversary has an element of humanity.

THe CENTER OF YOUR STORY

Forget clans and Cainite politics for a moment. Set aside
chronology, historical detail, settings, conflicts and antagonists.
The core of your story involves people. And for Dark Ages
Storytellers, the good news is that the basic model hasn't changed
much in the last thousand years. Whether they get their news from
thesmelly old peasant who sells them dried cod in the marketplace,
orover the radioas they drive to the doughnut shop in the morning,
people are still people.

The most important of these are the players' characters. As you
paint the elaborate backdrop for the stage of your drama, don't
forget that the players' charactersare at the center of it. It's very easy
to fall into the trap of developing such an extensive background
that there's no room for the characters. The chronicle must center
around the characters and the conflicts they endure.

Establish how the heroes tie into the background. Why are they
there? Why are they risking their lives to explore your dark and
dangerous theater of the mind when they could just flee for their
lives or hole up in a cave somewhere? If the characters don't have a
motivation to interact with your background, you have no story. As
the characters grow, tailoring an adventure to them gets easier. Each
character is incomplete in some way; the world brings the opportu-
nity for fulfillment. The players will also give you clues, either
directly or indirectly, for the kinds of stories they want to play.

It's also a good idea to have a way for the characters to work
together. They all belong to the same coterie, so do they share a
common haven? What motives bind the characters together?
Family? Revenge? Redemption? The destruction of their kind?
Power, money and territory? Once you and your players have
founda reason for the characters to be together, it's easier to chart
out a route for them to take.

The meaning behind the Dark Medieval world is not that
the world is dark. That's atmosphere. The real meaning in a
chronicle comes from the characters.

Nurs AND Botts

Where the lion's skin will not reach, you must patch it out
with the fox's.

— Plutarch, Lives

Don't feel an obligation to create a modern myth before lunch-
time tomorrow. Take your time. Once you have a sense of direction,
it'ssimply a matter of starting out on the path. Regardless of whether
you're setting out to inspire art or just provide an evening's entertain-
ment, the first few steps on the journey are the same.

First, make sure a good story is told. That doesn't mean you
justtella story. The troupe creates it with you. Ineach chapter, the
Storyteller leads the story in the direction he wants it to go. If
you're working with your players (and not just performing for

‘im
them), you'll eventually find yourself struggling to keep up with
what they want to do, commenting and elaborating on what
happens rather than simply laying out a narrative. The result is a
collaborative effort, a "consensual reality."

The story will often deviate from your plans. If you feel that
the story is naturally drifting in another direction, don't force the
players to follow your plans; work with them. So long as the tale
stays within reason, go with it. You're usually the guide, but
elements of the story often come together naturally. An experi-
enced Storyteller often feels as though the story is flowing almost
without effort. Just as your players try to anticipate what you're
going to do, try to anticipate the characters' actions. They'll
surprise you from time to time, and that makes the story come alive.

PACKING

Before you begin, be prepared. When you're just starting out,
it will be easier to create the story if you spend plenty of time
preparing. These preparations include creating a setting, envi-
sioning a rough idea of the plot you want, and establishing a few
good plot hooks. A "cheat sheet" of important details can be a
critical aid to running a smooth game. Cheat sheets might include
brief reference descriptions of significant characters (name, story
role, physical description, motivations, powers or important skills,
and relationships with other characters), a combat summary (who
can do what, the average damage they do, weapons they use,
amount of damage they can take) and short listings of important
places and things (the layout of a brothel, the distance between
points A and B). A relationship chart, if you can create one,
makes character reference easy.

You may want to use a premade story, or one adapted from
another genre or system. If you do, read through the text carefully
a few times beforehand. Make sure you know when and where
everything happens, who is where at what time and so on. Pay
close attention to the major antagonists, their personalities and
motivations, and some ways to portray them convincingly. You
can start with a very linear or straightforward plot; there's nothing
wrong with that. You must learn the basics first; defying reality
and creating dreams comes later.

Such aids are useful, but not mandatory. As you become more
experienced, it will be easier to deviate from what you've planned.
The structure you adopt and the rules you use are the game itself;
theevents youand your troupe create are the actual story.Storytelling
is ultimately a balance between the story and the rules.

RULES

This book is filled with rules. In reading them, you might feel
as though you're studying fora test. Players will question you about
them, other Storytellers will argue about them, and, remarkably
enough, some people will really get worked up over them. Despite
the fact that Vampire: The Dark Ages is just a game, some people
enjoy giving themselves (or others) grief over those rules.

First off, you have to be consistent and fair. Some people
interpret that as meaning that you must be strict. That is not the
case. We've done our best to make sure these rules are consistent,
clear and useful, but youand your troupe are the final judges of how
well they serve your story. The framework of rules in the game is the
setof guidelines we recommend, and serves as acommon ground for

CHAPTER EIGHT: STORYTELLING

Cor —


everyone who plays the game. You, as the Storyteller, must get a
sense of how well this system works for your troupe. Eventually,
you'll customize it to a size and shape you feel is right. You're the
final judge of what will work.

Having said that, here's a word of advice — don't worry
excessively about rules. In Storytelling, like many things in life,
there are no rules, only guidelines. The game is not a test of your
ability to memorize. Learn the basics first. Later, you'll take the
bits and pieces that work for you. You'll simplify, expand, alter
and amend. If you eventually make things up on your own, noone
is going to kick down your door and take this book away. Your
game belongs to you and yours.

There is no "official" way to play this game, only the way that
works best for you and your troupe. Most people who use rules fall
between two extremes. Their preference is largely a matter of style.

STYLE

If you've watched other people run games, you've no doubt
seena variety of styles. Most Storytellers run somewhere between
the "rules lawyer" and the "freeform gamer." You won't getasense
of which style works best for you until you start to play. Style
comes from experience.

A "tules lawyer" relies on an extremely strict interpretation
and application of the rules of the game. If the chart on page 952
says that a player describing a certain action should roll Stamina
+ Dominate and cross-reference the number of successes against
aresisted Willpower roll ata difficulty of 8, then that's the way it's
gotta be. Rules lawyers often pursue "realism"; for some reason,
they feel that adding more rules will make a game more realistic.

This extreme has definite disadvantages. Ifa rules lawyer gets
so caught up in rolling dice and looking up rules that he forgets to
concentrate on his story, the story suffers. To us, rules should serve
the story; the story is not just a cheap excuse to use rules.

Some players tend to be rules lawyers, too. Rather than holding
ontothe concepts that make a good story, they'll try to solve problems
by bending the rules their way. The character's personality is set aside,
and the structure behind the game becomes more important than the
game itself. Storytelling should be seen as a collaborative activity, not
acontest of wills between the Storyteller and his players. The troupe
as a whole ideally works together to create the events. Rules lawyer
players have to learn to play the characters, not the rules.

An extremely "freeform" Storyteller doesn't need any rules at
all. Ifthe game only consists of guidelines, why bother with structure
and mechanics? A situation may call for tossing a coin or generating
a random number, but that's about it. If you have to roll dice, then
something has gone wrong. The character sheets provide a rough
idea of what characters can do, so dice become superfluous. If the
troupe really wants something to happen, it happens. This type of
game resembles improvisational theater more than anything else.

While this approach is valid, it also has obvious drawbacks. If
anything can happen at the whim of the Storyteller, then everything
that happens is, by definition, completely arbitrary. Players who like
to have a framework of rules feel lost when they enter the realm of
freeform gaming. They'll have certain expectations of what should
work, and find themselves in situations in which the only measure of
success is their ability to amuse and humor the Storyteller.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

All sarcasm aside, the style that's right for you will probably
fall somewhere between these two camps. Both extremes can
destroy a game. Consistency is one way to build that particular
mindset. Once the players feel comfortable with your style, telling
stories comes naturally. Never radically alter your style without
letting the players know you're experimenting. If you're going to
do something freakish with the rules, the players tend to appreci-
ate it if you let them know beforehand.

Apjsustinc Your STYLE

It's possible to shift your style a little during a session to suit
your game. Think of taking your journey through the story as if
you're driving a race car. When you go into a turn, you downshift.
When you're ona straight road, you shift back into high gear again.
During your story, for instance, if there's a critical combat coming
up, you may slow down and throw a little more detail into the fight.
Once it's over, if you want the characters to focus on their discussion
of what happens as they search the building, you can shift back up
to high speed so that the characters aren't distracted by the dice
tolls. As long as you don't radically shift in the middle of a session,
you won't ruin the transmission and bring things grinding toa halt.
Most players will sense what you're doing and react.

Unfortunately, some people are a pain on long car rides.
Certain players delight in trying to circumvent the rules of your
game. The goal here isallegedly "success." An individual character's
success becomes more important than the game's. The structure
that's been built into the game gives you some measure of protec-
tion against rules lawyers, but rules alone are not enough to protect
you from an overly aggressive player. One option is to build further
layers of rules to shield you from assaults, but then the game
becomes so structured that the flow of the story is sacrificed. The
best recourse is to find players who work well with you. Over time,
you'll find ways to adjust to different types of players, and good
players will make an effort to adjust to you. When that happens,
you've assembled a worthwhile troupe. Then you can let go of the
wheel... and the rest is the magic of storytelling.

There can't be rules for everything, but you can find an
amount of detail that suits you. Give the players a chance to offer
feedback, especially at the conclusion of each chapter. Through
this process you'll develop a set of "house rules" that will make
everyone comfortable. Just as you tailor the story to what your
troupe enjoys, you'll discover your own particular style of using
rules. As longas you're consistent, the players won't feel as though
you're being arbitrary. Consistent rules and sound judgment
reveal the path; drama and passion make the journey worthwhile.

Ties

Style ideals are all well and good, but they're nothing without
practical skill to back them up. Here are a few basic ideas to help
you along...

¢ The Dice Should Guide You, Not Control You

Dice are a random element, a helpful device to use when stories
get stuck or an outcome should be left to chance. In the end,
however, they're a tool, nothing more. How you use that tool will
affect the feel of your story. Ultimately, the game is played by human
beings, not dice. Use die rolls for inspiration, or for adjudication if
you really need it, but remember to balance the game and story.


© Describe Dramatically

Vampires should never be boring. Your players will no doubt
put as much melodrama, angst, tragedy, pathos and power into
their characters as they can muster. You need to retum the favor
by making the world around them equally so.

Try not to fall into game terms or die rolls until you really need
to. While you're telling the characters what the visiting
Transylvanian noble looks like, be as visual as possible. Ifhis clothes
are outlandish, don't just say that — describe his sweeping blue
velvet cloak with the cloth-of-gold and ermine trim, the perfectly
cut black silk tunic and hose, and blue suede pearl-buttoned boots.
When he enters the tavern, don't tell the players that he's using his
Presence toattract attention —tell them that every eye inthe room
is on him, and (since they are obviously looking at him too, if
description is necessary) don't ask them to roll to notice it until few
moments have passed and the reason for asking is less obvious.

© Improvisation

A vampire's world, like a Storyteller's, is full of surprises.
Intent may shape reality, but reality often has its own ideas. Dice
rolling is one way to inject this element of uncertainty into the
game, but what can you do when a player (or circumstances)
comes up with something no rules can cover?

* Be Creative

Many questions can be resolved with a little imagination. Ifall
else fails, however, adjust difficulty levels or die pools. Gena wants
her Gangrel to sneak up on the Toreador Justicar? Fine. Just up her
difficulty by +2 or +3. Adding or subtracting modifiers for imagina-
tive descriptions can also encourage players to be inventive, although
this can get out of hand. The rules suggest a maximum adjustment
of + or- 3. You may want to stick to that, if only for your own sanity.

TECHNIQUES

Once you've got the basics down, there's still room to grow.
After you've structured your plot, established the background and
set the characters off and running, certain techniques can en-
hance the experience. To begin with, a well-done game will have
acertain atmosphere that will evoke a particular mood.

CreaTiING Moop AND ATMOSPHERE

What characters do is one part of an adventure; what they feel
is almost as important. Evoking those feelings is achieved with
atmosphere. If the cast is at the center of the stage youset, then the
atmosphere is the lighting. If it's turned too low, everyone will
stumble in the dark; ifit's turned too high, the actors will sweat and
squirm. When designed properly, the atmosphere will convey the
proper mood. If you're fresh out of tallow candles, there are other
tools you can use to create the mood and atmosphere of a scene:

© Remember All Five Senses

"Virtual" reality is usually a misnomer. An environment isn't
virtual unless it draws upon all five senses. Storytellers have
known this for millennia. A setting can be something as simple as
amapped-out room, but an atmosphere assaults all the senses at
once. A run-of-the-mill dungeon cell can be described as a room
with a set of shackles and a bucket, but a terrifying dungeon cell
might be filled with the smell of gangrene and nightsoil; the
sounds of the torturer's workshop next door; the hard stones,


a ryf

gp

wee

Y

rotted straw and sections of previous occupants that make up the
floor; the blood of the carrion-eating rat that becomes your meager
meal, and the pale starlight drifting in from the small, barred,
south-facing window. The first example is a map; the second
example is an environment.

© Use Analogies

If you want to convey a feeling for a scene, incidental events
can convey subtle clues to the mood you want to instill. A minor
occurrence can be used as an analogy to the mood of a scene. For
instance, suppose the atmosphere you wish to create ina scene is
one of fragile hope. The setting might be a desolate stretch of road
by the city walls, three hours before dawn. Autumn leaves drift
lazily in a gentle breeze, and moonlight fights to hold back the
night. The characters walk past two beggars rubbing their hands
overasmall fire. Then one of the characters notices the silhouette
of two young lovers holding hands in the distance. In the middle
of the street, the lovers pause, embrace and then walk their
separate ways. None of these elements has to be tied to the plot
in any way, shape or form, but they contribute to the scene by
lending cues. If your players pick up on them, they'll respond by
adjusting their roleplaying to fit the mood.

¢ Vary Tone

The way youuse your voice is another cue. This may seem like
an obvious remark, but many Storytellers forget about the versa-
tility of the human voice. Softly whispering to draw your player's
attention, frantic dialogue to hurry them along, matter-of-fact
description to render a scene sterile, or boisterous blustering to
describe a rambunctious crowd are but a few examples.

Another effective technique is to use a tone that's the exact
opposite of what your players expect. Describingan intimate scene
in third person with no embellishment can convey that a suppos-
edly romantic encounter might just be an attempt to manipulate
someone. If you're describing a house where a family has been
slain, relating the condition of the children's toys can make the
scene far more sinister than the standard clichés associated with
gore. Less is indeed more, and an unexpected approach can lenda
routine description an intriguing atmosphere,

* Detail Supporting Characters

The details of supporting characters can also add to the
atmosphere of a scene. Any human being has little quirks and
foibles that reveal minor bits of his personality. If a minor
character is usually identified with a specific location, his little
quirks can contain cues about that location. Suppose you want the
characters to feel remorse over the destruction ofa human servant
of their enemy. If they bump into the weeping widow, Beatrice,
returning to her cottage after the wake with toddlers and teenag-
ers in tow, they may think twice about killing anyone and
everyone associated with their foe.

Those little cues might also shape a character's view of a group
of people. Suppose a Brujah, hating for philosophy's sake the nobility
and everything associated with it, should be skulking near the king's
palace garden as the ladies of the household fetch flowers for their
royal mistress. He sees that the girls are very young, very pretty, and
overhears their nervous, excited chatter about the visiting
Transylvanian ambassador. The youngest seems to have caught the


man's eye, and the other two help her practice her dancing in
preparation for that evening's entertainment. Our idealistic Brujah
can put two and two together — but will he act in time to save the
tich and titled girl's life, or will he let the nobility feed upon itselfand
wait until his plans are fully matured? There's an emotional compo-
nent to the scene... and that's what mood is all about.

STORIES

Then Merlin said, "Let everyone sit quietly and do not move, for
now begins an age of marvels, and you will see strange happenings."

—Sir Thomas Malory, The Acts of King Arthur and His Noble
Knights

Once you've evaluated what you're doing in the long run with
your chronicle, it's easier to put your short-term goals into perspec-
tive. Keep in mind that you can play a game without committing
toa lengthy chronicle. The "one-shot" is an art form all its own.
Whether you're planning for a skirmish or a siege, it helps to
remember the overarching goals of chronicles and storytelling.

Structure, atmosphere, mood, theme and technique are just as
useful in a short chapter as they are in an extended chronicle.
Rudimentary as these elements seem, never underestimate the power
ofthe well-timed gust of wind or the melancholy flashback. Storytell-
ers throughout time have known the value of such flourishes.

To begin with, any story has structure. The basic structure of
achronicle consists of two steps:aseries of chapters (or sessions) tell
a story, and a series of stories compose a chronicle. We tend to
favor a literary analogy for this, but any analogy can work. You
might choose to see the story as a series of acts, like a play or a
television show. Or perhaps the scenes are like sections of acomic
book mini-series, ora series of movements in.asymphony. Use the
metaphor that works for you. If you can draw upon your knowl-
edge of another art form, you can develop your understanding of
the process of creating stories.

THEMES

Theme is one of the hardest things to develop in astory. You
don't have to preach when runningastory or chronicle, but there
are definite themes that will come up in a Dark Ages chronicle.
Angels may not descend from the heavens to weep tears of blood
atthe beauty of your story, but a strong theme, or series of themes,
will elevate your game beyond simple critter-hunts.

Subtlety works. If we can't sympathize with the motivations of
the characters or the antagonists, the story, as one person would say,
is "just a bunch of stuff that happened." You can work your chosen
themes into the game with characters (whose personalities, motiva-
tions or circumstances force the players to think), situations (which
put them into dilemmas), relationships (which incorporate both)
and symbols, omens or mindscapes which emphasize the theme. Just
remember — go easy.

Some common themes for Dark Ages chronicles include:

¢ Survival

A chronicle describing a fight for survival centers on more
than Health Levels and Ability rolls. Existence itself should be a
trial. The characters live in a dangerous era, one where survival is
aday-to-day crisis. This might be anything from a rough stretch of
wilderness to a zealous priest out to rid the world of evildoers. The

world doesn't care whether they live or die, and unless the
characters struggle and learn, neat tricks with vampiric Disciplines
won't be enough to save them. This takes more than raw force. In
fact, a story centered on survival doesn't have to involve force at
all. If you want to make a character's life more difficult, it's more
effective to do it through ingenuity than to have someone hit him
on the head. There are also other definitions of "survival": What
compromises do we make in life to get by? Staying alive exacts a
price; idealists defy that temptation and succeed in spite of it.

¢ Espionage

Politics among Cainites are always fraught with deceit, and
it takes cunning as well as luck to survive. The characters may be
caught between two rival factions, or they may be attempting to
sabotage the rule of a powerful prince. Either way, it will be
difficult to determine who can be trusted, and one mistake could
prove fatal. What happens when you can't trust anyone? What
happens when paranoia overwhelms reason? If the Jyhad was
entirely blood and thunder, fighting it would be comparatively
straightforward. But ina duplicitous world such as this, sometimes
it's hard to determine who the "bad guys" are....

* Power

After the Becoming, characters are possessed with more
power than they probably ever dreamed was possible. To trans-
form into beasts or disappear into the shadows are commonplace
feats now; how does that effect a character's view of the world?
Kine are but pawns, and even the mighty tremble in view of most
vampires. We all know the cliché that "power corrupts," but how
does it happen? If we know this is true, why does it still happen so
frequently? There's one more complication: In the world of the
game and the real world, you do have the power to rebel against
the established order. So what are you going to do if you succeed?

© Identity

In the modern age, we like to think that we determine who we
are. We have the freedom to carve out our own identity, and we are
told that race, gender, sexuality and social class need not stand in our
way. But things are far different in the Dark Medieval world, where
these things are the defining factors in who you are in the mortal
world. You are born to a given role in society, and to challenge that
is to speak heresy. Now consider this: Once Embraced, all vampires
begin on the same footing, without regard to their mortal identity.
Itbecomes impossible to judge someone's strength or importance on
the basis of such superficial things; you never know when the
chambermaid might turn out to be a 700-year-old fifth generation
vampire. How does that affect (or corrupt) something as fragile and
malleable as a vampire's concept of self? In game terms, how much
does clan or generation define a vampire? This type of story takes
roleplaying beyond the simple limits of class, gender and other
stereotypes. The result is a mirror to the world around us.

Srory CONCEPTS

Now we enter the realm of the story. There are an endless
number ofstories youcan run, butsome ideasare more obvious than
others. If you need to prime the pump, the supplements to this
tulebook and the suggestions below are good places to start. If you
want to begin with the time-honored formulas, that's another


option. Hopefully, though, you'll move from the obvious to the
innovative. Toset you on your way, here area few simple adventure
ideas. Build on them long enough, and you'll make them your own.

OutcasTs

Before their Becoming, each of the characters wasa member
ofa victimized or disadvantaged social group. This may bea racial
or religious group, or an economic underclass. Now, as vampires,
the characters continue to watch over and protect the other
members of this class.

You may wish to make this a very specific social group
(prostitutes), or a broad group (women). Playing female charac-
ters inasexistsociety can bean illuminating experience, especially
for male players, and particularly intriguing chronicles might
revolve around the characters all being lepers or Jews.

As an example, the characters might be attached to a
community of Moslems in Spain, merchants and artisans who
remain in their home city after the Christians capture it. The
Moslem community is vilified, and individual members are pres-
sured into becoming Christian. The characters must help the
community through these troubles and deal with the changing
Cainite politics of the region. The Lasombra back the Christian
conquerors, the Gangrel and Toreador back the defeated Moors,
and following the Christian Reconquista, an anti-Moslem Lasombra
prince seizes control of the city.

THE PALADINS

The characters believe that they are Heaven's servants,
imbued with dark powers all the better to seek out and destroy
evildoers. (At least, most of the characters believe this; others
might have their own agendas, and merely pretend to hold this
belief.)

The characters hunt down and destroy bestial vampires,
demons, homicidal Lupines, witches' covens, corrupt bishops,
sadistic barons — whatever you want to tell stories about, or
whatever your troupe wants to go for. They believe that they fight
for God or for justice, but few others would agree with them, and
theirs should be a very lonely crusade.

This works particularly well with troupes who enjoy detec-
tive work and planning, with a little combat, and allows you to
play around with questions of ends versus means, of who has the
right to judge and so forth.

HELL's PAWNS

The characters are in the service of a demon or group of
demons. Perhaps they believe that they owe their undead exist-
ences to these creatures, perhaps they actually want to work for
them, or more interestingly, they need some favor from the demons
and serve them for now to pay for that favor. What favor might the
characters want? That's up to your troupe; perhaps protection, their
mortality returned or assistance in slaying some powerful enemy?

The demons might call on the characters occasionally (allow-
ing you to run other stories, or combine this with another chronicle
archetype), or might have one specific, permanent duty for the
characters. The demons might want characters to rescue their other
servants from danger, kill their enemies, guard an important site,
spy on local churchmen or recruit and lead a coven of diabolists.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Asan example, the characters might be "debt collectors" for
the demons, collecting the souls of those who have signed them
away in demonic contracts. The characters may simply have to
track down and kill such mortals, or they might have to be at their
deathbeds to somehow magically ensnare their souls— you
decide. If the characters seem capable of it, the demons may also
ask them to persuade mortals to sign their souls away (the mortal
must agree freely!), and then return later to collect, so that the
characters come to act as the demons' proxies.

‘As demons' servants, however, the characters will also gaina
good many enemies — rival demons, the Church and other
Cainites, Lupines and mages who dislike what they are doing. The
relatives of those whose souls they have taken might come looking
for them in revenge, and the demons for whom the characters work
should pose a considerable threat to them, too. The demons,
ultimately, may not want to owe the characters a favor, and may
conspire to have them killed as soon as they become a liability, of
may try to trick them into signing their own souls away.

Dust To Dust

Another vampire seeks out the characters, and explains that she
was recently discovered and driven froma nearby village by the local
peasants. Before she left the settlement, she Embraced her favorite
ghoul, only to see him beaten into torpor by her pursuers as she fled.

She briefly returned to seek out her friend and childe, and
discovered that the peasants believed they had killed him. They
had buried him in the churchyard, but worried that he might "rise
from the dead," so they laid a huge stone slab over the grave, and
intend to stand guard around it for 40 days and 40 nights with
burning torches and constant prayers.

Notonly is the neonate degenerating in the grave, but he lies
in consecrated ground, attended by the prayers of holy men. There
is a possibility that he will never come out of this torpor.

So, the vampire asks the characters to release her torpid
progeny as swiftly as possible. They must get to the grave, move the
stone slab, dig up the vampire and escape with him. However, the
grave is constantly guarded by the local villagers, and attended by
praying monks (the leader of whom perhaps has Faith and/or
carries a holy relic). The guards are armed with spears, clubs and
flaming torches, and are already nervous that vampires or some
other demons might attack them.

Moreover, there is a faction among the local peasants that
wants to exhume the neonate's "corpse" and burn it, just to be on the
safe side. If the characters bungle the rescue, these might persuade
their fellows to cremate the vampire. On the other hand, if the
characters blatantly rescue the neonate (charging in and massacring
the guards, for example), they might spark off a wave of witch-hunts
and other persecutions in the area, making them unpopular with
their prince, other local Cainites and various groups of mages,
witches and diabolists. They will need to hatch a fairly cunning plan.

A ProritABE SLANDER

Acharacter who maintains a haven ina rural or wooded area
discovers that a young boy is being held captive in a shack in the
woods nearby. Investigations reveal that the boy recently van-
ished from a neighboring city, and the Jewish population is being
blamed for the crime.


The rumor around the city claims that Jews kidnapped the
child for sacrifice in a Satanic ritual, and anti-Semitism isso rife that
people believe this nonsense. A merchant in very deep debt with the
local Jewish moneylenders started the rumor, and not surprisingly,
itis his relatives or hirelings who kidnapped and now guard the boy.
He hopes to start a riot against the local Jews, during which his
henchmen will target the moneylenders, killing and robbing them.
So he expects to clear his debts, and — as medieval Christians
considered Jews to be sub-human — he feels no guilt at all.

However, the merchant underestimates the tenacity of the
city's authorities. They are not taken in by the rumors of a Jewish
plot, and eventually work out how the child was kidnapped and
how he was spirited from the city. Then their soldiers start
searching the area around the character's haven.

The soldiers comb the woods, search through caves and
scour houses. The character may not want to free the child
(though both his family and the city's Jews will be grateful if he
is returned and the conspiracy revealed), but might find it
necessary to do so. If the character does not free the child, the
soldiers will continue their search and likely find her haven.

CauGut BETWEEN THE DEVIL

Two factions of hedge wizards drag the characters into their
engoing feud. The fighting began when a group of sorcerers in the
city stole an ancient tome detailing dozens of spells and rituals.
These sorcerers are merchants and artisans, led by a wayward
exorcist, who want to use magic to gain wealth. The book
originally belonged toa group of diabolists who meet in the forests
nearby, typically nasty sorts who want the book to gain power,
compel women to bed them, slay those who annoy them, ete.

It is important that the characters can't make heads or tails
of the book; they are supposed to be ina quandary as to whom they
support — not just gunning to steal the book for themselves. (If
any of the characters have Thaumaturgy, then claim the book has
protections they cannot pierce.)

Seeking allies to help them recover the book, the diabolists
conjure a demon who tells them of the characters. The diabolists
then approach the characters, and offer them magical favors in
return for the book. If they refuse, the diabolists summon another
demon, who repeatedly attacks them, steals their possessions and
makes trouble for them, informing them that it will only stop
tormenting them if they agree to help the diabolists.

The area's spirit-conjurers have protected themselves from
the diabolists' dark spirits (erected wards, bound guardian spirits,
etc.), but are vulnerable to the characters' physical attacks.
However, they are no less powerful than the diabolists, and can
offer the characters equal magical favors — including protection
from the troublesome demon. Of course, they want something
from the characters in return — they want the characters to break
up or drive away the diabolists' group. They can protect them-
selves well, but need the characters tostrike back at the diabolists.

Whodo the characters support? That's uptothem. Thedemon's
attacks should be disruptive enough that they cannot simply ignore
the feud, and eventually must take sides. In the end they could make
agroup of useful allies, and a group of deadly enemies. Or they might
just betray the diabolists to the Church (except, of course, that the

diabolists could do the same to the characters and the city's sorcerers
if they were arrested and interrogated). And how do the city's other
Cainites respond to the feud and the characters' involvement in it?

RESCUED, DEAD OR ALIVE

The ghoul of one of the characters was caught committing some
crime againsta mortal nobleman, and now languishes in hisdungeons.
However, while interrogating the ghoul, the nobleman has noted her
obsessive, tormented behavior, and has come to believe that the
unfortunate has been "bewitched" or is possessed by demonic spirits.

So, the nobleman has neither sentenced nor released the
ghoul, but has kept her imprisoned beneath his castle, occasion-
ally interrogating her. For weeks or even months, the ghoul has
been locked up. In two more weeks, her Blood Oath will cease,
and she might then betray her master to the nobleman.

Itis imperative that she be released or killed before the Blood
Oath expires. Either way, the characters must somehow get into
the castle and to the dungeon beneath it.

As an added complication, the suspicious nobleman might
have contacted the local bishop, describing his "bewitched" cap-
tive. As the characters plot to release or kill the ghoul, envoys from
the bishop — perhaps even an inquisitor— mightarrive to examine
her. The Church might even plan to take her away from the castle,
to imprison her in one of their own strongholds.

THE Boop OF LIFE

A mage or alchemist is working on a method to animate clay
figures or statues, but has had little success. However, it occurs to
her that a vampire's blood might be just the ingredient needed to
make her magic charm work.

The mage seeks outa place where a vampire hunts— either one
of the characters or an acquaintance of theirs —and there lays a trap
for the creature. If the trap is set for one of the characters' friends, the
characters hear of the mage's plan, and must rush to warn him before
he is captured. If one or more of the characters are the mystic's prey,
then they may be set upon by her or her minions as they hunt

The characters should escape this first ambush, but the mage
and her minions continue to hunt them, so that they (for a
change) are the prey.

Of course, the characters might negotiate a satisfactory con-
clusion to this. For example, they might supply their hunter with
alittle blood, fora price. (Incidentally, ifthe statue were animated
using the vampire's blood, then maybe, unknown to the wizard
who animated it, it would function as that vampire's ghoul...)

For THE LOVE OF CHRIST

A young friar comes to the characters' city, preaching and
tending to the poor. Rumors begin to circulate that he has healing
powers, and has aided several beggars and vagrants.

If characters investigate, they discover that the friar has an
old, battered cup which he believes to be the Holy Grail. He
conducts Masses for the poor in houses, fields, woods — wherever
they want — and some who drink from the ancient chalice seem
cured of minor ailments.


The friar's teachings are mildly heretical, claiming that the
Church should give its wealth to the poor, denouncing clerical
corruption and conducting Mass outside of churches. The local
clergy become irritated, and he is forced to go into hiding.

Then an inquisitor arrives in the city, ostensibly present to
investigate charges of heresy against the friar. However, the
inquisitor is really concemed with confiscating the "grail."

Soon after that, a large group of Templars arrive, equally set
upon seizing the grail. There are about 20 of them, many with the
Faith Background. Further, their leader may have a relic of his
own, and one of his retainers may be a mage. In any case, the
characters should not be able to defeat the Templars.

The presence of these churchmen poses a threat to the local
Cainites. The crass Templars follow rumors of the friar with
violence and little tact (breaking into the houses of his supporters,
ransacking suspected hiding places), and they may come to
endanger the Cainites by prying around their havens, or by
troubling their herds, retainers or allies. The inquisitor's prying
might also threaten the Cainites. A character's herd or allies
might be supporters of the friar, held as hostages or threatened
with trial for heresy by the inquisitor. The whole situation puts the
characters and the area's other Cainites in considerable danger.

If the characters do not take any action on their own
initiative, the local prince or another respected vampire could ask
them to deal with this situation. How the characters do this is up
to them. Different characters will have different goals and priori-
ties. They might murder the inquisitor (bad move — the local
bishop will only send more people to investigate), discredit,
intimidate or attempt tocontrol him. Shrewd characters might be
able to have the brutal Templars driven from the city, either by
an incensed mob or by the local authorities. Or the characters
might just search out the friar, and hand him and his chalice over
to the inquisitor or Templars; even this shouldn't be too easy,
though, as the friar has many supporters in the city, and has the
Faith Background augmented by the relic that he holds.

In any case, the characters are free to choose any approach
that they wish, and thereby perhaps make long-lasting friends or
enemies among the mortals.

And what of the "Holy Grail"? Well, it's unlikely to be the
real Grail (unless you want to give it some awesome supernatural
powers and make it the center of your chronicle). It may,
however, be a minor relic, perhaps with some healing powers. Or
the friar's healing powers may be little miracles deriving from his
own Faith, or he might be a mage. (If he is a mage, then what does
he really want in the characters' area?) Or perhaps the tales of his
healings were just hopeful rumors.

THE Mapness OF PRINCE ROLAND

The prince of the characters' city has apparently gone
insane. He becomes a martinet in his court and a tyrant to his
subjects, demanding ruinous taxes and hounding those who
displease him. He even demands the heads of his vassals for
goblets one evening, and flies into a murderous rage when it is not
carried out. One of the nobles approaches the characters and asks
for aid. After all, an outsider might see something that those

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES

within the palace cannot. One of the character's sires or a clan
elder may be similarly approached, and the characters area charged
by that person to investigate.

As the characters make their investigation, they must tread
carefully around the erratic prince, whose personality changesatthe
drop of a hat, at times apparently rational and cool, suddenly
shifting to terrifying rages. Many of the prince's retainers and other
vampires are fearful of his wrath if they are seen aiding the charac-
ters. Some whisper of demonic possession, and others fear the kiss
of Malkav. As they talk with those closest to the prince, the
characters realize that he is not entirely in control of himself;
perhaps outside influences have something to do with this.

A number of sects fall under heavy suspicion for their rela-
tions with the prince. The local Tremere, backed by their clan, are
on the brink of all-out war with the prince. A chapter of Knights
Templar has been circling the prince in stand-offs for some time,
unaware of his vampire nature. In the shadows, the sinister Manus
Nigrum extends a taloned hand to "encourage" him in decisions
that aid their dark agendas. However, the most telling clues lead
the characters to believe that one of the prince's own knights isset
against him. But who, and more importantly, why? All have akeen
interest in who will sit on the throne when the prince is removed,
and each would obviously prefer it be him. At least one of them has
ties outside the fief that suggest more sinister purposes.

As the prince's actions become more and more bizarre, they
begin to attract the notice of the Church. If they send in their own
investigation, things will take a disastrous tum. The characters' time
is running down, and they must hunt down the traitorous knight to
find the root of the prince's madness — a sword of Tremere design.

The Tremere decided to circumvent their long-standing
feud with the prince by whatever means available. With the aid
of their Hermetic brethren, they have created a sword to use
against him. The blade itself is not the problem; the scabbard,
however, is the true power in this charm. Whoever possess the
sword can be manipulated by the will of who holds the scabbard.

The knight, when found, tells the characters that the Tremere
and he had struck adeal, whereby he was to present the prince with
the sword as a gift from himself (with apologies for the missing
scabbard). However, a falling-out occurred between him and the
Tremere, and he now seeks to recover the sword before more
damage can be done. The blade is constantly at the prince's side,
and he is never seen without it. Removing the sword from the
prince will calm his madness, but whoever still holds it will next
fall victim to the inflicted insanity. Destroying the sword will
render the scabbard useless.

Another possiblity is that the scabbard-holding Tremere is bold
enough to appear at court, his talisman disguised by another, un-
magical sword in the sheath. The characters may trace the prince's
abrupt shifts of personality to this person's appearances in his pres-
ence. If the characters have found the knight by now, he may be able
to point out the offending scabbard. However, before barging in and
accusing the Tremere, they must have proof of his actions, and the
knight's word will be useless when he admits that he made any deal
with the Tremere. Whatever choice is made, only by destroyingeither
sword or scabbard (or both) will end the prince's madness for good.


RESOLUTION

No story is complete without a resolution. The events of the
story may have loose plot threads, and the antagonist may not be
utterly defeated, but the story can still end with a sense of
completion. A chronicle must reach some resolution as well. In
the ideal chronicle, that resolution comes when the meaning
behind the series of stories is crystal clear. Not every chronicle
reaches that apex, orhas to, for that matter, butcompletion brings
a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction.

Some Storytellers get lost along the way. Branching out
further and further from the original chronicle concept is a
common distraction. This is a valid approach, but maintaining a
clear focus can ensure the chronicle's longevity. The alternative
can be a growing sense of obligation to resolve every plot thread,
no matter how minor. One lesson bears repeating, then: Depth
is richer than detail.

Remember one key concept: The main characters are the
core of the stories you tell. In this game, and the others in the series,
there's a heavy emphasis on defining and developing a character.

Ifa player can sympathize with that character and make her "real,"
then the character resemblesa real person. Anda real person never
stops learning and never stops growing.

Ofcourse, while stories resolve, even a completed chronicle
can still go further. If your characters stayed at the center of the
chronicle, any resolution you give is, in essence, a temporary one.
If you care about the characters, there are always new directions
in which you can take them. If a character has ideals, she can
always find a way to refine those ideals further. So long as your
characters have authenticity, a chronicle may continue, even
long after you've set it aside...

.--And if you take the strength of idealism and the energy of
telling a story back with you into the real world, there will always
bea way in which to draw upon that, even long after the game has
been set aside.

To summarize, then. When telling a story, follow a few basic
principles:

Create myth. Inspire ideals. Entertain. Summon darkness.
Intensify light. Evoke passion. Use empathy. Guide the story.

The rest is just details.



Consider nour origins nou voere not
made that you might live as brutes, but
so as to follove virtue and kniovoledge.

- Dante Alighieri, Tre Divine Connedy

As with any Storytefling garne, a Wampire?
the Mark Ages hrronicle requires opponents to
threaten and challenge the characters. Viote
that in this case, an antagonist is not simply
someonefor the chavacters to vohack until dead
an antagonist is a character vohose goals are
not necessarily the same as those of the Player
chearacters. this confict of interest voill usually
not result in conbat, and characters voho think
they can kill coerrxyone voho opposes thern voill
probably be infor a shock the fiest firme they face
something more povoerf ul than themselves.


Vp mS "Oe

, ny
nl \) )!

The sections below cover many of the foes whom Cainites
might face in the Dark Medieval world, as well as information
about the other supernatural creatures in the medieval World of
Darkness. We have included alternate ways of runningencounters
with creatures from other Storyteller games for Storytellers who
don't have the other rulebooks, though they are purely optional.
Feel free to set up conflicts between the charactersand other social
groups and institutions, or to create your own foes.

THE CHURCH

True FAITH

Faith is a Numina (like an Ability, described in the Vampire
Players Guide, pages 29-30, and elsewhere) which some people in
the Dark Medieval world possess. It can also be a Merit (see Appen-
dix). Ofcourse, most people have faith with a small "f," in that almost
everybody accepts the Church's teachings quite uncritically. But
only a small number have the burning zeal, the profound conviction
which can protect them against creatures like vampires.

This Faith is not necessarily a skill to be increased through
experience. Certainly, it may rise as a result of a person's experi-
ence, but it is more vital than that, more a measure of conviction
and strength of mind. At the Storyteller's discretion Faith should
rise or fall to reflect a person's religious certainty and zeal. Nor is it
something which comes from outside the individual, from some
God orangel. Whether or not their beliefs are correct, these people
believe so fervently that their own conviction protects them.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

i)
yl

Note, therefore, that heretics may have as much Faith as
devout Christians. Jews, Moslems and pagans can also have Faith,
whether honoring Jehovah, Allah or the Goddess. Even an
Infernalist mighthave Faith in the dark spirits which she venerates.

The Faith Numina, like any other, has a rating of 1 to 5.
However, the medieval person's Faith Numina may offer her more
protection than a modern person's Faith. Religious ideologies and
assumptions underpin medieval life, creating a sort of collective
unconscious which actually shapes reality.

Exactly what protection is afforded to the individual by the
Background depends on this rating, as described below. Of course,
these are just guidelines. Storytellers should amend them as
required to fit the tone or to add drama to their stories.

. Any character with Faith may attempt to
ward off vampires by brandishing a holy
symbol or uttering prayers. (This is the
Hollywood cliché of the vampire being
held back by a crucifix.) The person rolls
Faith against a difficulty equal to the
vampire's Willpower. The number of suc-
cesses indicate the number of steps back-
ward which the vampire is forced to take. If
no successes are scored the vampire need
not step back, but may not advance. A
botch indicates that the vampire may ad-
vance unhindered. Further, if the cross,
Bible or other symbol is placed against the


vampire's body, each success causes an ag-
gravated Health Level of damage, burning
into the flesh.

A medieval person with a Faith rating of 2

or more is a "neutral," immune to Dominate.
A person with a Faith of 3 or more may
sense the presence of a vampire. She need
not consciously try to sense a vampire's
presence, but must be in peaceful, quiet
surroundings — perhaps alone in thought,
praying, reading pious books, meditating
on the Bible, etc. The person will not sense
the vampire's presence if she is preoccupied
(e.g., arguing) or in a crowded, noisy place
(jostled by a mob, in the midst of a raucous
banquet, etc.). This ability need not be
infallible; the Storyteller should let the
person sense the vampire only when it is
dramatically convenient. Note that the
person cannot know exactly what she senses
through her Faith; all that she will know is
that something unclean or evil is nearby.
The person may not be turned into a ghoul,
and is unaffected by any mind-affecting
Disciplines like Presence and Obfuscate.
The person is so pure, so holy, that she can
fill a vampire with self-loathing, disgust,
terror, even physical pain. Any vampire
hearing the person pray, preach or recite
psalms, or being touched by the person,
may be forced to flee immediately by any
available means. A vampire who is unable
to flee is reduced to a gibbering wreck,
flailing on the floor and screaming, sobbing
or begging forgiveness. To avoid fleeing,
the vampire must either expend one Will-
power point per scene, or must make a
Stamina roll each round (difficulty of 5 +
her own Intelligence). That's right — the
higher the vampire's Intelligence the higher
the difficulty, because the more tortured
and guilty she will feel.

In theory, a mortal might have a Faith rating of greater than 5,
but these people are one in one-billion — the sort of people who are
venerated as saints. They are unlikely to enter your chronicle (and
certainly no more than once), but their powers would be enormous.

There is actually one easy way fora vampire to detect a person
with a Faith rating, other than bitter experience — Aura Percep-
tion always reveals it. A mortal with Faith has heraura permanently
altered so that she has a silver/gold halo around her. The strength
of the Faith determines the brightness of the halo. Note that the
halo is not normally visible; only Auspex reveals it.

Finally, remember that Faith represents a person's total
commitment to her religion. She will act accordingly. Those with
high Faith ratings may seem fanatical, even insane to those not
of their religion.

Note that Cainites will not normally have Faith ratings.
They consider themselves the Damned, afterall. Think very, very
carefully before letting any vampire have this power.

RELICS

Relics are items intimately associated with a saint or other
holy person from Christian legend, and which are believed to
have some holy power derived from their connection with asaint.

In fact, these items do have power. They have absorbed the
Faith of their original owners, and of the pious Christians who have
venerated them through the years. The most powerful relics are the
most famous, those associated with the greatest saints, before which
thousands of pilgrims have prayed. Any saint's relic has some power,
however, and even a fake relic might gain power. If enough people
believe strongly that a relic has power, then it gains a little Faith.

The greatest relics of all are the Holy Grail (Christ's cup), the
True Cross (on which He died) and the Holy Shroud (in which He
was buried). Thousands of shards of wood circulate in Europe pur-
ported to be part of Christ's Cross.

Most relics, however, are bones — parts of the corpses of the
saints. Finger bones are the most common, skulls are considered
potent relics, and unscrupulous traders make healthy profits selling
animal bones and unremarkable mortals' remains to the credulous.

There are also more unusual relics. The Serpents of St. Kyne,
for example, are snakes turned to stone by the sixth century St.
Kyne, although modern people would dismiss these as fossils.

Other, petty "relics" may also have power. For example, a
badge from a major pilgrimage site may have some power, such as
a scallop shell brought back from Santiago, in Spain.

Each relic has a Faith rating of its own. Ifa person carries or
stands near such a relic, temporarily add its Faith rating to his.
Evenaperson without the Faith Numina may thereby gain a Faith
rating. Ifaperson has more than one relic, then only add the rating
of the most powerful to her own Faith rating —don'taddaall of the
ratings together!

Finally, in addition to their simple Faith ratings, potentrelics
may have special powers.

Some, for example, are thought to promise an army victory
in battle. The spear which supposedly wounded Christ on the
Cross was one such relic; its effect might be to add one die to all
dice pools of every soldier in the army that possesses.

Feel free to create relics with unique powers to serve your stories.

EXAMPLE FAITH RATINGS:
The Holy Grail or Shroud
Skull or blood of a major saint
Bone of a major saint

Shard of the true cross
Skull or blood of a minor saint
Bone of a minor saint

Fake bone of a major saint
Fake shard of the cross

Fake bone of a minor saint
Major pilgrimage badge

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


Hoty WATER

It is the Church's custom to bless a variety of items and
instruments, either for its own use or for the good of the people.
Almost anything from an army to a sack of grain might be blessed.

Most obviously, churches create "holy water," usually by
blessing normal spring or well water. Such water is kept in the
church font for the people to take and use as they wish, although
in some areas the fonts are kept locked, as diabolists and mages
sometimes steal the water for their unholy rituals.

Medieval people use holy water as a medicine, sprinkle it on
fields and animals or scatter it around their homes to drive away
evil spirits and keep them safe from witchcraft.

Exactly what effects holy water might have is left up to the
Storyteller. In general, assume that any water properly blessed by
a priest has a Faith rating equal to his Faith Background. If the
priest does not have a Faith rating, the water still has a Faith of 1.
‘Water blessed by a bishop has a Faith rating of at least 2. A vial of
holy water may not be carried as a charm like a relic. It does not
augment a mortal's innate Faith rating. However, it has certain
other uses, given below. Note that holy water retains its powers
only for about a month.

. An area sprinkled with holy water causes
discomfort to Cainites. Mortals notice this
discomfort on a Perception + Empathy roll
(difficulty equal to the vampire's Willpower).
Water with a Faith rating of 2 or more
may be used to attack a vampire, inflicting
damage equal to the water's Faith rating.
This damage is Aggravated.

An unbroken line of holy water with a Faith
rating of 3 or more forms a barrier

against all manner of dark creatures. Cainites
must make a Stamina roll against a diffi-
culty of 10 to step across such a line, and it
cannot be crossed by any but the most
powerful demons. This may be anything
from a short line across a doorway to a broad
circle warding an entire village.

An area sprinkled with holy water with a
Faith rating of 4 or more causes discom-
fort to both Cainites and ghouls. Mortals
notice this discomfort on a Perception +
Empathy roll (difficulty equal to the
creature's Willpower).

Holy water with a Faith rating of 5 (very,
very rare!) may be sprinkled across an area
to create a "safe zone" from vampires' pow-
ers. Any mortal within the area is consid-
ered a "neutral" (immune to Dominate), is
unaffected by Presence, is not fooled by
Obfuscate, etc. Ghouls are not freed, how-
ever, and Blood Oaths remain firm. Cainites
in the area may still use powers that affect
only themselves (Fortitude, Potence, in-
nate healing powers, etc.). This area only
lasts for one day and one night.

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

OTHER BLESSED ITEMS

The Church also blesses a host of other objects, from farmers'
seed corn (to make the crops grow strong) to warring armies.

Here are a few examples of items which might be blessed, and
what effect the blessing might have on them. In general, assume
that a blessing requires a formal ritual to be conducted by a priest
with the Faith Background. Of course, for dramatic effect you may
occasionally allow non-priests with Faith ratings or priests without
Faith to bless, or you might want a blessing to have no effect ona
particular occasion. That's your prerogative. You are the Story-
teller. Also, remember that these are only suggestions. Modify and
disregard these as you want, or add more of your own.

* Church Bells are usually blessed. The blessing is perma-
nent, and as a result all malign or ill-intentioned spirits hearing
the tolling bells are forced to flee.

* Houses are blessed if some supernatural is believed to
threaten the occupants. A blessed house, like a building sprinkled
with holy water, causes discomfort to Cainites. Mortals notice this
discomfort on a Perception + Empathy roll against a difficulty of
the creature's Willpower. This effect lasts for about one week.

© Pilgrims' Staves are usually blessed before pilgrims start their
journeys. A blessed stave (used as a walking stick) counts as a relic
with a Faith rating of 1, but only in the hands of that one pilgrim,
and only until she has completed her pilgrimage.

* Weapons may be blessed for a particular endeavor, or to
fight a particular foe. Ifblessed to slay a specific vampire (or Lupine,
etc.) and used within a month of the blessing, the weapon causes
aggravated damage. This effect lasts for one combat or scene

* Armies are routinely blessed, but this shouldn't usually
have any effect on game play. Soldiers in a blessed army are more
likely to make it to Heaven if they are killed, but that is about al
In exceptional circumstances, however (e.g., when the blessings
made by a priest with a high Faith rating, ot if the army fights a
particularly evil foe), each member of the army might gain a Faith
rating of 1 for the duration of the battle.

* Bread and Wine. Perhaps the most extreme "blessing" isthe
dedication of the bread and wine during the Mass. This is the most
sacred of the Church's ceremonies, and itis believed thae the bread
and wine essentially become the body and blood of Jesus Christ. (Of
course, they still look and taste the same.) This "transubstantia-
tion" takes place whether the presiding priest has the Faith
Background or not. This bread and wine, called "the Host," has no
particular powers, but is sometimes stolen by witches and mages for
dark, blasphemous rituals, and is deadly poison to Cainites. Any
vampire drinking or eating the wine or bread takes aggravated
damage. Roll one die + I damage for even the tiniest taste. Damage
from a full mouthful should be extreme (say one die + 5).

Hory GRrounpD

There are sites actoss Europe that are considered holy ground.
Such places include the areas around the altars of churches of
cathedrals, places where saints were martyred (slain), where saintsare
commonly believed to have been martyred, or the tombs of saints.


The effects of holy ground are:

* Holy ground causes discomfort to Cainites. Mortals notice
this discomfort on a Perception + Empathy roll (difficulty equal
to the vampire's Willpower).

* The difficulty of any roll involving the Exorcist Back-
ground is reduced by two.

* Any character with the Faith Numina has her Faith rating
increased by one while on holy ground. (Those without Faith do
not gain a rating.)

Miractes

In medieval legend, holy men and women have an array of
powers which cannot be reduced to simple rule mechanics. Very
rarely a person with a high Faith Numina, particularly ifoperating
on holy ground, may be capable of some special feat.

For example, such a remarkable person may be able to heal
the sick, restore a person's sanity, foretell the future, instinctively
identify a sinner or a place of evil, survive for weeks without food
ot water, calm storms through prayer, etc..

To do any of these things. person requires a Faith Numina of
at least 4. Each individual should be able to do only one or two of
these things, and then very rarely. Remember that such supernatu-
ral abilities are just that supernatural; make them unreliable and
unexpected, not mechanical and predictable.

Many medieval miracles are harder to pin down. Some saints
were said to have driven out serpents from areas, to have been
brought food by birds or animals, or to have survived burning and
other tortures unscathed. Again, you might allow especially pious
people to perform these functions occasionally (a Faith rating
above 5 would really be necessary), or you might rule that such
"miracles" are the magicks of mages.

INQUISITORS

An inquisitor is someone (almost always a priest) appointed by
a bishop to investigate a particular "blasphemy." This blasphemy
maybe an outbreak of sorcery, witchcraft, heresy or vampire activity.

The inquisitor commands the respect of the clergy and most
other mortals. Other priests are obliged toassist him however they
can, and when his investigation is complete, the secular authori-
ties (kings, barons, etc.) are expected to punish those whom he
deems guilty. Note that these rulers may refuse to punish those
found guilty, but to do so is dangerous; at best the uncooperative
noble is excommunicated, at worst denounced by the inquisitor.

Inquisitors have no special supernatural powers, as such.
However, many have the Faith or Exorcist Numina and a high
Occult rating. As long as the secular (noble) powers cooperate
with them, they are dangerous enemies to the Cainites.

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


EXORCISTS

An exorcist is a priest or minor cleric trained and formally
empowered to cast out evil spirits, drive away vampires and
generally protect the righteous from the forces of darkness. Each
exorcist is trained at a cathedral or monastery and installed by a
local bishop, and owns a book of prayers and rituals with which
he may battle the creatures of darkness.

As a rules mechanic, Exorcism is a Numina available to
mortal clerics. The rating of the Numina reflects the rigor of the
cleric's training, the quality of his book, his confidence and the
Faith of the bishop who conferred the rank upon him.

Whenever the exorcist wishes to exorcise a spirit, harangue
a vampire, bind a demon, etc., he must roll dice equal to his
Charisma + Exorcism. The difficulty of each challenge is given
below. Note that these difficulty ratings assume that the exorcist
has his book of rituals and a supply of "holy" ingredients and props
(salt, candles, a Bible, holy water, a crucifix, etc.). Ifany props are
lacking, the difficulty should be increased. If he does not have his
book of exorcisms he must only roll Charisma, without adding
Exorcism. Note also that the exorcist's rating is largely deter-
mined by the quality of the book that he owns, and so the rating
may rise or fall if an exorcist gains or loses important texts.

These guidelines might also be adapted by the Storyteller to
cover non-Christian exorcists. A pagan priest, for example,
might have the powers of an exorcist. A witch or diabolist might
be granted equivalent powers by the spirits that she serves.

DIFFICULTY
Vampire's
Willpower + 4
Wraith's
Willpower

Task

Prayer to cause a vampire to
flee in terror.

Prayer to cause a ghost to flee
in terror.

Prayer to cause a minor
demon to flee in terror. 6
Prayer to cause a major

demon to flee in terror. 9
Ritual to permanently expel

ademon from a place. 10
Ritual to permanently expel

a ghost from a place. 8
Chant to inflict aggravated Target's
damage (vs. a demon, Stamina + 4
wraith or vampire).

Ritual to detect the presence
of vampire, ghost or demon.

10 - Exorcist's
Perception

RELIGIOUS ORDERS

Europe has a score of religious orders, loose organizations that
run monasteries, hermitages and convents for men and women.
who want to dedicate their lives to God. These groups range from
the huge Benedictine order, with its thousands of religious com-
munities, to petty local orders like England's Gilbertines.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Many (like the Benedictines) have only two real concems:
praising God and watching their backs — but not in that order.
They are vastly wealthy landowners who pray, study, administer
their estates and try to ignore the outside world. Members need
not be particularly pious (many are quite lax, attracted to monas-
teries and convents because they had no other employment or no
chance to inherit family fortunes), although a few have the Faith
Background, some with ratings of 4 or 5.

Others are more practically minded, like the Augustinian (or
Austin) Canons, who often rebuild derelict churches, maintain
hostels and hospitals for the poor, and run schools for the children of
wealthy, often based around large cathedrals. Members may have the
Faith Background, and have many practical skills (like Medicine).

The Order of Camaldori and the Carthusians train men and
women who would live as hermits. These deeply motivated
solitaries inevitably have the Faith Background, and typically
spend their days praying, crying for the sins of the world, praying
again, flagellating themselves, fasting and praying some more.

Further, two new orders will shortly come into existence.
The Franciscans give all that they have to the needy and conse-
crate themselves to helping the poor and wretched. The
Dominicans dedicate themselves to preaching against heresy and
instructing the people; in the years to come they will form the
basis of the Inquisition.

And lastly there are the military orders. They consist of
highly trained soldiers dedicated to fighting paganism and defend-
ing the Holy Land (Palestine), the most notorious of which are.

THE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR

Officially recognized by the Pope in 1128, the Poor Knights
of the Temple of Solomon (called the Templars) are one of the
most feared and respected forces in Europe. Immediately recog-
nized by their white surcoats with red Crusader's cross insignias,
and by their beards (most medieval men are clean-shaven), these
highly trained warriors are answerable only to the Pope himself,
and are committed to recapturing the Holy Land from the
Moslems. But some outsiders have come to suspect that they have
other aims, and perhaps unorthodox methods.

The Templars are indeed primarily committed to recaptur-
ing Palestine, and particularly Jerusalem, from the Moors (Moslem
Arabs). Jerusalem is their target because it is the holiest city in
Christendom, but also because the Templars know that it con-
tains the buried cellars of the Temple of Solomon; they believe
that by harnessing the spirits bound in these cellars, they will
come to dominate the Holy Land and forever keep it from the
hands of the Moors.

Many of the Templars, and particularly its leaders, will go to
any lengths to win and safeguard the Holy Land. They will risk
everything for this — even their souls. Many have begun to
dabble in sorcery and alchemy, and rumors of their esoteric studies
have attracted several mages to join their ranks.

The leaders tolerate all manner of experimentation and heresy
— anything short of Satanism — in the hopes of regaining the Holy
Land. They have become masters of herbalism, often specializing in
poisons. They have conspired to find, win and steal a collection of
relics to aid them in their fight, and always listen for rumors of other


holy treasures; the Holy Grail in particular. They have also estab-
lished links to exchange books and favors with the Assassins
(Assamites) of Syria, and have used questionable magicks to con-
jure spirits to aid them (see Hedge Wizards, below).

Of course the Templars' leaders are careful to keep these
experiments secret from the outside world, and from the lesser
ranks of their own order. Their rituals and studies take place in
great secrecy, and woe betide anyone who stumbles upon them.
This duplicity is necessary, perhaps, but can also be counterpro-
ductive; behind this veil of secrecy more twisted and depraved
men can experiment with still darker sorceries and studies, and
can manipulate the order for their own less pious ends.

With its often fanatical warriors (many of whom have the Faith
Background), its collection of relics and its secret skills, its alliances
with magi and even Assamites, the order can be a match for even the
oldest vampire. But at present the Templars are unconcerned with
Cainites. All they care about is the recapture of the Holy Land, and
they do not wish to distract themselves with a war on vampires.

As a postscript, the order is denounced for heresy in 1314,
and its last Grand Master, Jacques de Molay, is burned at the stake
by the King of France. The trumped up or exaggerated charges
include infernalism, black magic, practice of Islam and pedophilia.
(The king needs money badly, and finds looting the Templars a
quick and profitable way to fill his coffers). As the Grand Master
dies, he curses those who conspired against him; within a year the
Pope and the King of France, among others, inexplicably die.

MERCHANTS

The merchants of the Middle Ages have no particular reason
to hate vampires. Of course, as any other Christians they are
immediately hostile to Cainites, and to any other creatures that
exhibit dark supernatural powers. However, they are more likely
to report their discoveries to the Church or nobility, and then
leave these groups to deal with the characters.

However, the characters may eam the enmity of specific
merchants, and then find them tenacious opponents. Merchants
areoften wealthy (and so able to hire spies, mercenaries and other
scoundrels), and have contacts in all of the towns and cities in
which they trade.

Characters may earn a merchant's enmity in a number of ways.
Amerchant may want revenge ifa vampire Embraces or kills his son
or daughter. If a merchant's friend or relation was turned into a
ghoul, the merchant might try to free her from the vampire's control.

Characters might provoke a merchant by preying upon his
wagoneers (whomay be mere hirelings, or his family), orby hunting
in an area upon which he is dependent for trade. For example, a
character might discover that charcoal burners are easy pickings
(these are men who camp out in woods to turn timber to charcoal
for use as a fuel). However if she kills many charcoal burners ot
frightens them away, the supply of charcoal dries up, and the
merchant who used to ship and sell the fuel finds his profits falling.

THe Nositiry

Throughout the countryside and in many towns, noblemen
are responsible for enforcing laws, keeping the peace and punish-
ing offenders; it is they who will investigate and seek to punish
most crimes committed by the characters.

fy
CHAPTER ANTAGONISTS,

TNT SS


They also own the vast bulk of the land in medieval Europe.
Young vampires — unless permitted to hunt inside a city — usually
hunt on their land, often preying upon their people. Nobles also
administer bridges and ferry crossings, act as servants, messengers
and guards for greater dignitaries, collect taxes and control vast
amounts of wealth. Most havens, too, will be on nobles' estates.

It is very likely that characters in your chronicles will come
up against the nobility at some point. If the characters break the
law, or are spotted skulking on a noble's estate, a conflict could
develop. Characters may seek to control or befriend nobles
because of their wealth and influence. Petty nobles may routinely
obstruct or irritate the characters. Powerful or determined noble-
men may become long-standing enemies, mobilizing their military,
financial and political might against the characters.

Don't forget that the vast bulk of Europe's nobles are sincere
Christians, who would most likely consider Cainites to be the
Devil's pawns. Nobles may need no further reason to attack a
vampire than piety and fear, and most are highly trained warriors.

CAINITE ANTAGONISTS

Other Cainites can make excellent foes for the characters.
Scheming princes and power struggles within princedoms, feuds
between elders or clans, the rebellions of younger Cainites, the
need to keep the mortals' ignorant of the Cainites' numbers and
powers, the Jyhad and Amaranth —all of these work. But remem-
ber that in the Middle Ages' smaller princedoms, such conflicts are
likely to be more personal, and so the protagonists will often use
mortal pawns rather than vampire pawns in their struggles.

There are also some unique options available to you in
running medieval chronicles. The Lasombra and Tzimisce —
before their corruption and creation of the Sabbat—should make
intriguing enemies — or allies. No other clan has such links with
the mortal world or such a sense of family and community as the
Tzimisce, and no modern vampire could match a thousand-year-
old Lasombra for sheer cunning.

The emergence of the "new" clans, such as the Tremere, is
also intriguing. Established Cainites, fearing that these upstarts
will take their hard-earned power and influence, may try to tum
the characters against these clans. Or the characters, themselves
young and powerless, might form alliances with these rising stars.

The Baali are also active in the Dark Ages. There are more of
them before the Inquisition is founded, and they are well organized.

Other clans also have vested interests binding them to
mortal nations or institutions. The Brujah and Toreador in Spain
and the Assamites in Syria are the clearest examples, but in many
instances squabbles between Cainites will spill over into the
mortal world, complicating feuds that would (in the modem
world) remain simple inter-Cainite conflicts.

Baa

The Baali bloodline originated in Mesopotamia long ago,
though few if any quite know how. In a rare show of solidarity, an
alliance of clans broke the web of Infernalism the Baali had
created, finally forcing them to go underground.


In darkness and secrecy, the remnants of the shattered Baali
slowly rebuilt themselves. They founded "mystery religions" to
tecruit mortal lackeys and prospective neonates in the ancient
world, often disguising their covens as pagan shrines.

The Baali use trickery and deception, Presence and Blood
Oaths to control their mortal dupes. Those mortals who would
work with dark spirits do so for their own gain, little dreaming
what the Baali actually plan.

The Baali are more committed to complete depravity and
evil than even the Followers of Set. They firmly believe in the
eventual ascension of utter darkness, and hold that vampires are
the minions of the Adversary, whatever form it may take. They
care nothing for fitting in with human society or even dominating
it— their ultimate goal is to literally bring about Hell on Earth.

The Baali Embrace intelligent, driven and utterly callous
people. Every member of this polluted lineage has at least some
knowledge of the occult, and it would be easier to find a unicorn's
horn than a Baali not on the Road of the Devil.

Baali neonates are kept in the company of a clan elder for
several years after their Embrace. The elders' havens, called
"nests" (as in "nest of vipers"), often become the centers of the
clan's organization, and from these centers individual Baali set
out to search for unholy relics, manuscripts and treasures with
which they can hasten the coming of demons to the Earth. Some
Baali may not return toa nest for years or even centuries, but may
wander or set up covens to gather information, artifacts and
followers. Most, however, return to a nest every year or two to
teport to the elder and pick up information of other Baali plots.

These Cainites do not, however, always cooperate with one
another. The entire clan is devoted to establishing the rule of
demons on Earth, but each member wants to be the one who is
responsible for actually calling up the creatures. They often work
in secret, keeping their plans and discoveries from one another;
the older members are particularly competitive. Each nest plots
in isolation from the others, sometimes even plotting against the
others, as each elder strives tobe the harbinger of doom. Whoever
establishes the demons' reign will rule eternally as their regent
over the mortals, or so the Baali say.

It is rare for outsiders to have dealings with the Baali on any
terms but the Baali's. The damned among the Damned rarely contact
other Cainites, and when they do so they usually claim to be Caitiff.

The Baali clan Disciplines are Obfuscate, Presence and
Daimoinon. Their clan weakness is their vulnerability to reli-
gious symbols. They are repelled by crosses, Stars of David and the

like, and suffer double damage from True Faith.

GARGOYLES

The Gargoyles were created during the precarious early days
of Clan Tremere, and were perhaps the only reason that the
Tremere survived their first years as vampires. With the transfor-
mation of these mortal wizards into vampires, the Tzimisce feared
the Tremere would grow powerful enough to push them from the
lands of Eastern Europe. The fights begun during the Tremere's
breathing days escalated as the Tzimisce allied with the Nosferatu
and Gangrel to launch wave after wave of assaults on little-
protected chantries.

In his besieged mountain chantry, Goratrix worked endlessly
to find some means of turning the tide. He ran a number of
experiments on captured Tzimisce and Nosferatu vampires, finally
discovering a bizarre hybrid he called "Gargoyles." Vicious and
instilled with a hatred for the vampires they had been created from,
the Gargoyles proved to be excellent watchdogs and guards. Since
then, the Gargoyles continue to serve the Tremere faithfully, and
any who approach a chantry will be met by these grotesqueries.

The Nosferatu blood they inherited has made them into
repulsive, "demonic"-looking creatures with enormous bat-wings.
As gargoyles age, their skin grows harder and more rocklike,
sometimes sprouting strange protrusions. They prefer interior or
underground areas that are surrounded by a great deal of stone, such
as caves and catacombs, to use as havens. No Gargoyle should have
more than 29 or so years of unlife; all Gargoyles have been created
in approximately the last 30 years.

Gargoyle Disciplines are Fortitude and Potence. Because
Gargoyles are a composite race, a victim Embraced by one loses
nearly all memory of his present life in the wash of magic and
memory from the sire's vitae. They can come from any Back-
ground, but Physical Attributes and Talents become primary with
the change. Also, as a race created to be slaves, their Willpower
is reduced by two when resisting Dominate or mind-control spells.

WEREWOLVES

Pray thee, what's his disease?

A very pestilential disease, my lord;

They call it lycanthropia.

— Webster, The Duchess of Malfi

What the legends say about werewolves is true. They do
indeed exist, and they hate humankind and its works. Cursed by
the Devil to live in mindless rage, these beings are the worst
marauders to haunt the villages and cities of the medieval world.
They come at night, most often under the full moon, and rampage
through the muddy or cobbled streets, hunting for human prey
and sometimes stealing babes away into the deep woods, never to
be scen again. The people pray for the Lord to deliver them from
such horrors, but in the Dark Ages, the Devil is ascendant and
walks abroad across the heaths and glens, corrupting the unfaith-
fuland the sinners. A werewolf can be recognized by the following
signs: his eyebrows grow together, and his hands are excessively
hairy, perhaps with hair on the palms themselves. But above all,
the mark which betrays the beast is the pentagram branded onto
his left palm by the Devil, the sign of his fall into bestiality.

This is what most medieval people believe.

They are wrong.

Werewolves are actually a race of beings breeding among
human- and wolfkind, heirs to a paleolithic culture and tradition
unchanged since before the First City was built. They are magical
beings whose bodies are part spirit, and who can, at times, leave
the material world to travel the Invisible World, the realm of
spirits which they call the Umbra. They interact with all manner
of primitive and forgotten Nature, creating magical fetishes and
enchantingearthly glens with otherwordly power (called "caerns").

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


There are many tribes of werewolves, each distinct and
distrusting of the other tribes (although they will band together
against common foes). Each tribe claims a human populace —
"Kinfolk" — as its exclusive breeding flock, and the culture of
these humans heavily influences the ways of the tribes bred from
them. Wolf packs are also breeding partners, for a werewolf can
be born from either human or wolf.

In much the manner a medieval churchman gives his life
over to God, the werewolves worship and faithfully serve the
Earth Mother, known to them by many names, the most common.
being Gaia. And in much the same manner a medieval church-
man reviles and fears the Devil, the werewolves recognize a
cosmic being of great evil which they call the Wyrm. The Wyrm
births monsters and sends them out across the earth to plague
Nature, humankind and werewolves.

Werewolves know themselves by many names. In modern
times, they call themselves Garou, a term spread by French and
Norman Silver Fangs. Butin the Dark Ages, the tribes are scattered
and distinct, and each tribe views its own name and customs as the
true and best way. Hence, the Fenrir (Get of Fenris) call most
Lupines Fenrir, believing them all to be sons and daughters of
Fenris, regardless of whether others recognize this or not.

‘WEREWOLVES IN LEGENDRY

The history of the werewolf in human legend has evolved
with cultural outlook. In early, primitive times, shapechangers
were seen as holy, for they communed with predators and brought
animal secrets to the people, vital lore necessary for the hunt. As
civilization rose, and communion with nature became less impor-
tant and even feared, the werewolf became a symbol of untamed
savagery. By the Dark Ages, werewolves are seen as minions of the
Devil, men cursed to wreak havoc on their fellows.

Some doctors of this period are aware of lycanthropy as a
disease, although it is considered an imbalance of the melancholic
humour. Paulus Aegineta, a seventh-century physician studying
in Alexandria, described the characteristics of a patient suffering
from "melancholic lycanthropia" (an excess of black bile): They
are pallid, lacking tears and saliva (and thus excessively thirsty),
and their legs are in poor condition from running on four legs at
night. Perhaps this was a description of a metis, Black Spiral
Dancer or deluded human, but not a normal Lupine by any means.

Humans cannot really be blamed for failing to understand
werewolves. They are genetically and mystically incapable of doing
so. Ages ago, the Lupines waged a war against humans, a period when
they enforced a culling of the human population. The primal terror
engendered by this time still lives in every human; whenever one
witnesses a Lupine in its half-man/half-wolf form, a "Delirium"
descends upon her, and her mind desperately tries to convince her
that what she is seeing is not real (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse).

Medieval people do not have the bulwark of disbelief and
rational science to protect them from the full horror of a werewolf
revealed. They will most often remember the sight well, and will
tell their children (if they survive) of the time they saw such a
terror, the Devil's servant unveiled. (Medieval humans receive
no bonus on the Delirium chart — fear is their most common
reaction. However, substitute Berserk for Disbelief.)

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

THE TRIBES

Of the 13 tribes of werewolves, only a few are represented in
medieval Europe. Humankind has not yet pushed Lupines into
shared territories, and inter-tribal conflicts are thus rare. In the
Dark Ages, werewolves respect each other's territories (for the
most part), and know full well the price of crossing them.

¢ Fianna — This tribe claims the Celtic races as its Kinfolk.
At this time, their lands have dwindled toinclude Wales, parts of
Scotland and the whole of Ireland. Their continental cousins
either migrated to Britain long ago, or have interbred too much
with continental tribes to be considered Fianna any longer.

The Fianna are, like the Celts they spring from, boisterous
and imaginative. They are well-known among the Garou as
excellent bards and lorekeepers. While quick to anger, they are
also quick to forget a slight — unless it is a grave one, in which case
they will pursue a vengeance into many generations.

Many villages and farms in the territories described above are
under the protection of the Fianna, or have Kinfolk living in them
who can summon aid from the Lupines when in dire need.

© Get of Fenris — Fierce Vikings, the Get have invaded
Fianna lands and settled them with their Kinfolk. This has created
an enmity between the tribes which will last well into the 20th
century. While the Get are mainly a Germanic and Nordic tribe,
they can be found in the south of Britain and along the east coast
of that isle, wherever Saxon heritage is strong.

They are much like the Norsemen they spring from, brutal
and violent to outsiders but loyal to their own. Family is sacred to
them, and kinslayers are especially reviled. Woe to any who cross
them or their Kin. i

The mainland Get still call themselves Fenrir, the original
name for this tribe. The new term has come into use mainly by the
English Saxon Get to distinguish themselves from the Fianna, who
are by no means progeny of great Fenris Wolf, their spirit totem.

© Silver Fangs — This tribe was born to rule. The Silver
Fangs are the legendary leaders and heroes of their kind, being the
purest bred. Their migrations follow powerful human cultures,
and they interbreed with the royal lines of these kingdoms and
nations. Even where another Lupine tribe claims a nation as
Kinfolk, the Fangs will come and seize the breeding rights from
them, usually. in a series of wars between their Kinfolk (the
Norman invasion is one such instance), accompanied by more
individual duels and challenges to caern leadership.

The Silver Fangs are spread throughout royalty in France,
Italy and the Near East. They also have achieved a foothold in
Britain through the Normans, and their most ancient kingships
still rule in Russia.

They, more than any other Lupine tribe of the period, know
the danger of revealing their true nature to humans. They are
considering adding a tenet to Lupine law (the "Litany") concern-
ing this, a prohibition against lifting the "Veil" that hides the
Garou from human knowledge.


* Bone Gnawers — These filthy, ill-bred scavengers are
found in almost every city. They may not be nearly as numerous
as in modern times, but they are present nonetheless. They are
found among the lowest levels of society, among the poor, the
bandits and rogues. The conscripted soldiery may even have afew
Gnawers among them.

This tribe is reviled by all other tribes, especially the Silver
Fangs. Concepts of tolerance and acceptance extended to them in
modern times are nowhere to be found in the Dark Ages. The Bone
Gnawers represent what Lupines fear to become, a weakness which
threatens the purity of the race. While they are not attacked on
sight, neither are they socially accepted by other Garou.

* Shadow Lords — This severe and hateful tribe claims
Eastern Europe as its territory. The constant tread of too many
conquering feet over their lands allows them no mercy or remorse.
They are now the conquerors, and they aim to overthrow the
Silver Fangs (suchoptimism is more realistic iti medieval times).
For now, they stay in their territory, warning all away from the
misty Carpathians and old pine forests of their haunted lands —
although they must fight with the Tzimisce for this territory.

¢ Red Talons — This tribe is composed entirely of Garou
born as wolves. They have not a trace of human kindness, nor do
they need it. They hate humans with a passion unknown to even
the other tribes, for their history is full of the tragedy of human
ctuelty to wolves. They aim to return this cruelty tenfold. The
vast majority of tales about marauding wolves and rampaging
werewolves come from Red Talon activity. No matter how the

‘i

Silver Fangs try to prevent them from their depredations, they
continue, sneaking into cities in packs and assaulting merchants
in the squares, peasants at their hearths and even knights on the
moors. Nothing can halt their anger.

* Black Spiral Dancers — The slanderous lies which humans
perpetuate concerning noble Lupines are not always so far from the
mark. They are true when concerning the deeds and deviltry of the
Black Spiral Dancers, a tribe of vile werewolves who worship the
"Dyvil himself in the gyse of OurFather Magnus Wyrmis." They were
once a tribe of Pictish werewolves who were lured into corruption and
transformed into their present, insane state. Their most dangerous
Pits (holy places, similar to caerns) are in the remote regions of
Scotland, and the Dancers' behavior when wearing human shape
adds to the widespread medieval belief that Scots are filthy, degener-
ate animals. The Dancers purposefully make mischief by capturing
other Lupines and branding the sign of the pentragram onto their left
palms (the brand is made of silver and cannot be healed), thus
revealing them as werewolves to the superstitious peasantpy.

Of the other tribes, the Black Furies (an all-female tribe) are
strong in the Mediterranean region; the Children of Gaia (a tribe
counseling peace) can be found in the more civilized areas of Islam,
Constantinople or Rome; the Silent Striders (a nomad tribe) wander
Africa and the Middle East, with a few individuals roaming every-
where; some Stargazers (a philosophical tribe) have come from the
East; and the Glass Walkers(a technology-oriented tribe, called the
Luperciin Italy) can be found in the largest and most advanced cities.

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS,


—
Weaewors: THe Asocacyose
in THE Daa Ages

For the tribes in this time, the Apocalypse is a vague
omen, an unrealized reality. The Prophecy of the Phoenix is
a fairy tale to most, for only the first and second signs are
comprehended. Humans are to be watched and herded
carefully, but no Lupine can conceive of the threat they will
one day pose toNature. The major conflicts werewolves face
are with humans, other Garou and Wyrm creatures, who in
this period are rarely subtle and almost always obvious for
what they are— except for the vampires, of course, who the
Lupines feel are the Wyrm's cunning minions. [

—_

KINFOLK

Werewolves are fiercely protective of their Kinfolk, both
their human and their wolf families. They are also more aware of
who is and who is not their Kin. In modern times, Kin are spread
far and wide, but in the Dark Medieval world, when most people
are born, raised and laid to rest in the same villages, it is very easy
to keep track of blood ties.

This fact can spell the doom ofan ignorant vampire. Looking
for blood or herds among certain off-the-beaten-track villages
can be dangerous. The problem is that most vampires believe all
the superstitions concerning werewolves, thinking that the brutes
are cursed individuals, not realizing that they are actually whole
tribes or tight-knit gangs who zealously guard their own. Feeding
from a tavern serving-wench may cause the vampire to become
the prey as her hefty "cousins" come sniffing for revenge.

The cities are far less prone to Lupine guardianship, since
they forma hodgepodge of travelers and migrants, those whohave
broken the rural chain of generational residency, thus losing their
Lupine protectors. But in many small, unassuming villages near
the deep woods, where the people don't like outsiders and avert
their eyes from the traveling clerics, meddling with the residents
can prove a deadly affair.

In some of these villages, especially those with ancient ties
and some claim to upholding ancient ways and traditions, the
villagers are even aware of their blood status, and secretly hold
pride in it. In these places, only the priest who comes from the big
city to set up a church is ignorant. The local sheriffs office and
constabulary may be maintained by actual Garou, charged by
their tribe to keep watch over their people. Tax collectors have
learned to avoid these villages, and instead wring the lost revenue
from other, less fortunate towns.

The case with wolves is different. Unlike today, wolves roam
nearly every wilderness in medieval Europe, and have not yet
been wiped out from England. These wild wolves are sometimes
Kinfolk, and in medieval times, 30% of werewolves are of lupus
(wolf) stock. By reason of their wolf blood, the Garou are
somewhat more barbaric in this time. The voices at their fires of
those who have never known what it is to be human are many,
and they propose — no, demand — harsh action against the
humans who harm the Lupines or their charges. Even those bor.
of human stock are by no means civilized (with the exception of
the Silver Fangs), and they counsel old justice and might as right.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Tue Sprit Wortp

The world was once whole, spirit and matter as one. No
longer. Spirit has been divided from matter, and now exists in a
realm of its own, beyonda wall known as the Gauntlet. The origin
of this division and the erection of this wall are sources of debate
among werewolves, ghosts and magi.

Lupines believe in three cosmic entities: the Weaver (pat-
tern and order), the Wyld (creation and chaos) and the Wyrm
(once balance, now corruption). They believe that the Weaver
went mad and drove the Wyrm to madness with her, dividing the
worlds and bringing corruption and evil to them. The Lupines
blame humans for much of this disaster.

The barrier separating the spirit world from the real world is
thinner in medieval times than in the present. Thus, passage to
and from the Umbra, or the "Invisible World," is much easier and
more common, not only for werewolves but for spirits. In places
where the Gauntlet is thinnest, such as the deep wilderness, spirits
often emerge to frolic and play at night, sometimes possessing
humans who inadvertently wander these woods.

Garou gather around caerns, sacred places of power tied to
the spirit energy of the earth. The Gauntlet is extremely thin at
these places, and almost nonexistent at the greatest of these sites.
Ata caer, Garou can open a Moon Bridge to another caern, a
mystical gate between one place and another. Traveling a Moon
Bridge, a Lupine can go vast distances in seconds. In modern
times, Moon Bridges traverse the world in well-known paths. This
is not so in medieval times; Moon Bridges here can only stretch
one-third their normal, modern distances (i.e., a Level One caern
can only opena bridge 300 miles distant, while a Level Five bridge
can only stretch 3,000 miles — still vast for medieval Europe).

GAUNTLET

Area
Major cities (Rome,
Constantinople).
Most cities or towns.
Villages, hamlets,
rural countryside.
Wilderness.
Typical active caer.
Powerful caern.
The greatest caerns.

TEMPLATES

Werewolves can shapeshift into five distinct forms:

¢ Homid — Human shape. No Trait changes.

* Glabro— A brutish human shape, not uncommon among
normal humans at this time. Extra strength but uglier appearance.

© Crinos — The dreaded half-man/half-wolf form. Extra
Strength, Dexterity and Stamina, although less Social Skills. There
isnowa wolf-snout, so the Lupine may bite, and she has sharp claws.

© Hispo— Dire wolf. Extra Strength, Dexterity and Stamina,
and a stronger bite.

© Lupus — Wolf. Extra Stamina and Perception.


When in their wolfish forms (Crinos, Hispo, Lupus) they
gain extra sensory skills, and can track using scent. Their hearing
is also sharper.

Werewolves are blessed (it is said cursed in modern times)
with Rage, a trait marking their inner anger and bestiality. The
higher their Rage, the quicker they can move in combat, perform-
ing some actions at blinding speeds. However, their Rage can also
undo them, causing berserk frenzies. When using Vampire: The
Dark Ages Traits, give all Lupines a Celerity rating from 1-5.
Unlike vampires, however, they can't use this every turn — they
"use up" their Celerity levels. But they can get them back when-
ever something angers them — and just about everything does.

The legends about werewolf invulnerability are dangerously
true. While their hardy physiques make it difficult to injure them,
they can be hurt by swords and axes. However, they heal such wounds
with astonishing speed. Grave and even mortal blows delivered onto
a human will knit up and completely heal in mere seconds on a
werewolf (one Health Level automatically heals per tum). The
exception to this rule is silver. Its very touch pains them, and they
have no defense against it (Lupines cannot soak damage from asilver
weapon). Wounds delivered by silver or other supernatural damage
will not heal quickly, and are the key to killing a werewolf.

Werewolves possess magical Gifts, spells ofa sort which they
learn from spirits. Many of these can be simulated with vampire
Disciplines. In general, Fianna powers can be simulated with
Auspex and Presence, Get of Fenris with Potence and Fortitude,

Damme Werewors Broom

Vitae taken from werewolves hasan unusual and trouble-
some effect on the unwary Cainite. For every Blood Point of
Lupine blood ingested, the difficulty level of any rolls to
avoid frenzy increases by one. A vampire who has drunk
deeply of a Lupine may find herself on the verge of frenzy all
night, and even if she manages to avoid frenzy, she will be
paranoid and jittery until the blood is out of her system.

In spite of the dangers, werewolf blood is very potent,
twice as potentas normal kine blood. So ifa vampire drinks
two Points of Lupine vite, she receives four Blood Points
for her Blood Pool. While Cainites may savor potent blood
like fine wine, Lupine blood may be the drink of last resort.

Rumors abound that drinking from werewolves can
temporarily grant levels of Celerity or Potence. This is
nota matter of the vita, per se, but a factor of the Lupine's
Pure Breed Background. The more pure the werewolf
lineage, the more powerful the blood to the Cainite.
Some tell tales of insane Kindred deliberately hunting

4 pure-bred Lupines for their blood.
"I IP
Silver Fangs and Shadow Lords with Dominate and Presence, Red
Talons with Potence and Animalism, and Bone Gnawers with
Fortitude and Obfuscate.

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


Besides their tribal powers, werewolves also have certain
roles within the tribe determined by the moon under which they
were born, called "auspices." Each role also has powers associated
with it. A Lupine born under the full moon is considered a warrior
(Potence), one born under the Gibbous moon a bard (Auspex),
the half moon a judge (Presence), the crescent moon a shaman
(Thaumaturgy) and the new moon a uickster (Obfuscate).

SAMPLE GAROU

YOUNG WEREWOLF

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Animal Ken 2, Survival 3, Occult 1

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Fortitude 2,
Potence 2

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 3

Equipment: Little ofany worth. They will rely on theirteeth
and claws to kill their foes.

TouGH WEREWOLF

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Animal Ken 3, Leadership 2, Melee 3, Survival 4, Occult 2

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Fortitude 3,
Potence 3

Blood Pool: 12, Willpower: 5

Equipment: A magical fetish, usually in the form of an

animal part (deer hoof wrapped in leather, pouch tied with
feathers, etc.). This fetish can simulate any one Discipline or a
power at the Storyteller's discretion. This fetish may come in the
form of a ritual klaive (a silver knife).

ELDER GHROU
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Abilities: Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 5,
Animal Ken 4, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Survival 5, Occult 4
Discipli uspex 4, Celerity 5, Fortitude 5, Potence 5,
Blood Pool: 15, Willpower: 7
Equipment: A numberof powerful magical fetishes (see above).

Mac AND MaciciaNs

Now he goes along the darksome road, thither whence they
Say no one returns.

— Catullus, Carmina

Powerful as they are, the Cainites speak in whispers of the
magus, the witch and the hermit-sorcerer. The powers such beings
command frightens not only the common folk, but the undead as
well. For despite their innate powers, vampires (with the exception
of the newborn Tremere) know little of the mysteries of magic.

Wizards are often asecretive lot, plottingand experimenting
in shadow until some commoner either seeks their aid or crosses
their path. The threats magi pose are often heightened by their

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

mysterious ways. No one dealing with a wizard knows exactly
where he stands — is the magician an ally, an enemy or an
observer collecting information that he might use against later?
To the medieval mind, the sorcerous arts also carry an Infernal
taint. Afterall, the Holy Word commands: "Thou shalt not suffer
awitch tolive." Who are the magi? What can they do? What might
they do, given the chance? Even the Cainites have few answers.

Tyves oF MaciciANs

Thisis, in many ways, the age of magic. Everyone believes in the
mystic arts, and some practice them in various forms. While real magi
(great sorcerers) are rare, every town seems to have some wise woman,
minor saint, village witch, mad hermit, fortune-teller or alchemist of
some degree of power. While many of those who claim to follow the
craft are liars, Cainites sneer at reputed wizards at their peril.

Many vampires (and mortals, for that matter) tend to view
followers of the sorcerous arts as variations on a single type. In
truth, they're a bit more diverse. While each of the following
general categories cover the most common medieval magicians,
don't feel constrained to follow rigid "templates." Magi and their
ilk are often a surprising lot.

* Clerical miracle-workers perform their arts in the service
of the Church. While many of them belong to the vested clergy
(priests, nuns, monks, etc.), others are defenders of the faith, like
Crusaders, or independent blessed folk, like pilgrims, hermits and
healers outside the Church's ranks. Naturally, reputed miracle-
workers fall under harsh scrutiny. The hysteria of the European
witch-craze, however, is still hundreds of years in the future.
Although it's against policy, some parishes have Christian magi
to back up God's word. The Lord works in mysterious ways, and
in this age the Church can use all the allies it can find.

* Folk magicians are common throughout the continent.
Cunning men, talented healers, Gypsies, shamans, rune-readers
and wise women all seem to posses a small but potent touch of the
unearthly. Some folk magicians are pagan holdovers, while others
follow the Christian faith but keep the old ways alive. For the most
part, these wise folk have minor powers —a bit of healing, aknack
for fortune-telling, an evil eye, etc. — but underestimating the
local wise woman is a dangerous business. In addition to her
magical talents (which might be limited), she may have friends or
debtors among the locals.

© High magi have studied for years, perhaps even decades or
generations, to perfect the mystic arts. The forces they can
command, therefore, are frightening to behold. Most of them are
secretive and very, very touchy — a wrong word to one, and you
might be emptying chamberpots for the Grand Duke of Hell.

The magi have mastered lore most vampires have never
heard of. Many are said to belong to arcane fellowships which
trade in esoteric knowledge and ancient secrets. Duels between
these wizards occasionally spill into the hidden corners the
Cainites call home. When that occurs, both sides lose. Magi bind
spirits, command elemental powers and summon supernatural
creatures to aid them. As dangerous as they are, few Cainites can
best a magus on his own terms.

Witches command the powers of the raw elements. Some folk
view them as devil-whores, while others remember the priestesses of
Diana and the Morrigan. Whatever the origin of their powers,


witches are feared by the common folk, even when those same locals
come to them for help — which they frequently do. Occasionally, a
priest or Crusader will take it upon himself to go witch-hunting, but
for the most part, these enigmatic crafters (often, but not always,
women) are left to their own devices. And that's how many prefer it.
Whether she belongs to a coven or lives alone with her familiar, the
archetypal witch keeps her own counsel.

* Philosopher-scientists delve into the mysteries of nature,
seeking the reasons behind every occurrence. Some only want to
catalogue every phenomena they can find, but others strive to
master the material world.

The differences between a modern scientist and the medieval
variety is fairly significant (see Magic Types); philosopher-scien-
tists seek the bonds that unite God, Man, the World and the
Elements, and those bonds often transcend mere physical laws.
Where ritual magicians tend to harness otherworldly powers, how-
ever, these rationalists prefer more practical techniques. Even so,
their observations are pretty fanciful by our "modern" perceptions,
and their arts often incorporate holy names, astrological charts,
codes, arcane formulae and pet theories. Because of the latter, many
such scientists oppose each others' efforts or guard their secrets from
others. Rumor has it, however, that a cabal of like-minded philoso-
pher-scientists conspires through a continent-wide network. The
truth behind such an alliance is, as of yet, unknown.

¢ Infernalists deal with demons and evil spirits. While some
ritual magi use occasional demonic aid, the Infernalist gives
himself over to the darkest forces in return for raw power. These
quick and simple arts do not come cheaply; the diabolist becomes
ahunted man, and owes his soul to entities best left in shadow.
Some folk — cultists, fallen clergymen, failed magi, frustrated
peasants, bastard nobility, etc. — are perverse or desperate enough
not to care. Such sorcerers are not magicians in the learned sense,
but they command devastating arts just the same. Worst of all,
most seek to pervert, sacrifice or control others. Ofall the different
types of magi, these wicked folk have most in common with the
Cainites, and are those most likely to meet them in the night....

 Familiars and assistants are common helpers among all
types of magicians. Afterall, someone has to watch the house while
the master studies. Most familiars resemble animals, often with
unusual marks or uncanny intelligence. Followers (knownas "grogs"
by some magi) come in all kinds, from foreign slaves to family
members to warriors to mysterious servitors. Anyone who crosses a
sorcerer will usually have to deal with her retainers as well. While
most followers are strictly mortal, many have special weapons,
talents or blessings that enable them to serve their masters better.

Macic

Magic is not easy to perform, even in this age of magical
beliefs. As the section below describes, nearly all magical feats
demand certain props, rituals orboth, which must be utilized before
the sorcerer can succeed. Even then, there are definite limits as to
what a magician can accomplish. Earthshaking effects might be
performed if the story demands them, but they take time and effort.

A Storyteller can handle magical feats one of three ways:

© She could utilize the Storyteller rule systems for True
Magick, hedge wizardry and Infernal Arts;

‘~

ANTAGONISTS


gaz

© She might substitute vampiric Disciplines (especially
Thaumaturgy, Auspex and Dominate) to cover the game effects
of human magic, or;

* She could simply leave the whole thing up to Storytelling,
and grant a wizard a certain amount of things he or she could do.

In the latter case, a simple Intelligence + Occult, Perception
+ Occult or Intelligence + Herbalism roll will do. Small feats
(seeing in the dark, sniffing out a well or reading someone's aura)
will have low difficulties (4-6), or might be done with no rollatall.
Greater feats (flying, cursing someone, igniting a bonfire, becom-
ing a wolf) might demand extended rolls (5-10 successes), higher
difficulties (7-10) and painstaking, time-consuming rituals.

Ifa wizard's attack inflicts damage somehow, simply assume
that a target takes one Health Level of damage per success rolled.
Depending on the attack, this might be normal (like a cold wind)
or aggravated (like hellish fire), and could take a long time to
occur (like a curse). Really potent attacks might do two Health
Levels instead of one. Such damage might not be soakable
without Fortitude, or may not be soaked at all.

These guidelines work best when the sorcerer character
belongs to the Storyteller. Magicians and magi player characters
demand more structured rules, which run beyond this rulebook's
scope. The following Storyteller books cover more detailed and
esoteric systems for magic and similar abilities: True Magick:
Mage: The Ascension (Second Edition). Infernal magics and
demonic Investments: Storyteller's Handbook to the Sabbat and
The Book of Madness. Hedge magic: Ascension's Right Hand
is the prime source, with variations and expansions in The Quick
and the Dead, Halls of the Arcanum, The Inquisition, World
of Darkness: Gypsies and The Hunters Hunted.

Macic STy.es

Medieval European magic falls into a few basic categories.
Cainites may be familiar with some of them, if only by rumor, but
won't know many details unless they possess Occult Knowledge.
There's no real difference between the styles of True Magick and
hedge magic; both of them would be cast the same way. The difference
between the two lies within the caster, not within the style.

Those familiar with Mage can assume that these styles, with
the exception of Science, fit the Dark Medieval impression of
coincidental magick. Since this game takes place during the High
Mythic Ages, the modern paradigm doesn't restrict what a mage
can do. Local paradigms still exist, however; technomagick and
other alien forms (such as Do or Native American shamanism)
would be considered vulgar.

All styles of magic use the same systems. These listings are
presented more for Storytelling than for rules. Some styles will
limit or expand a magician's abilities — a Hermetic magus will
take a long time summoning a bolt of lightning from the sky, a
priest won't be able to control a vampire, and a Gypsy herbalist
couldn't do either one without help — but again, these differences
depend more on the story than on hard rules. Use common sense;
if a magus must read the True Name of the Cainite he wishes to
command, he'll have to discover that name, prepare a circle, call
ina few favors from his supernatural contacts and enact a ritual.

Alll of these things take time. If a witch wants to fly on a


Maaic ann Maaick ee
In the World of Darkness, there are two Fin sof
magical arts available to human characters: hedge
mnagie and True Magick. The first stir the surface Of
reality by working through the innate power 0!
while the latter actually alters
reality itself through a person's heightened sate *
being. Both kinds of mage are useless coche nis
: mploy slight variations 0
mystick Arts through her undead state. ri
Mage: The Ascension deals in depth with True
Magick; the details are far too longand coment
go into here. If you choose not to use He ose ia z
simply assume thatno distinction exists tween hedge

magic and True

jects, spirits and words,

Magick, and treat all forms the same.

broomstick, she'll have to prepare that broomstick (and herself)
before she can go anywhere. Few, if any, magicians can perform
miracles at the drop of a hat.

Vampire: The Dark Ages is a subtle game. Magic in this
setting should be mysterious, unpredictable and more than a little
frightening. Magi really shouldn't become lightning-bolt ma-
chines, no matter what style they practice or how good they are at
it. Wild or colorful magics may spoil the atmosphere of the game
or overshadow the Cainites who stand center-stage. When run-
ningastory which features the mystic arts, use care, mood and good
judgment. A shadowy hermit with enigmatic powers is far more
effective than a Gandalf-in-Training with a ponderous spellbook.

Medieval folk practice a variety of arts. The following style
listings aren't intended as scholarly definitions — they're merely
Storyteller tools. By describing the things a magician does while
working her arts, you add atmosphere, forboding and perhaps an
clement of suspense toa simple "The wizard begins tocastaspell...."

Hig CEREMONIAL Macic

The greatest refinements of the mystic arts involve elaborate
rituals, specially-prepared objects, precision and years of research.
Medieval high ritual magic assimilates Egyptian, Hebrew, Greek,
Roman and Arabic lore into a variety of potent styles, of which
the Hermetic variety is most famous. A whole mystic order built
around this style of the art dominates Western Europe's magical
thought during this period, and in many ways defines the arche-
typal wizard — proud, learned, conspiratorial and dangerous. His
is the art of binding, shaping and commanding God's creation.

Ceremonial magics take a long time to cast, but their effects
can be devastating to even the most powerful Cainite. Magi versed
in such magics know the Thousand Names of power, are said to call
forth the elements, give life to clay, scry on their enemies, build
castles from air, command angels and demons, or live for centuries.
Some vampires scoff that the greatest wizardly feats come more from
stories than from facts, but rumors of mighty sorcerers still persist.

Ingame terms, high ceremonial magic demands years of study,
elaborate and exacting preparations, and objectsof power (grimoires,
wands, gems, element samples, specially-prepared flasks, orbs,

swords, boxes, etc.). It cannot be dashed off without severe risk (in
Mage terms, Paradox or failure), and there must always be some
source of power the magician draws from — a circle, an arcane
incantation, a sacrifice, etc. Of all the medieval styles, however,
high magic has the greatest effects short of divine miracles or
demonic pacts. In fact, many high arts involve pacts with angels or
demons to increase the power (and the risk) behind the castings.
Hermetic magi are not common, even now. Though some
gather into cloisters called "covenants" and set themselves up as
virtual nobility, most ceremonial magicians remain solitary, hoard-
ing their wisdom over lifetimes and perhaps playing elaborate
power-games with mortal folk — or even with the Damned.

Fo.ik Macic

The most common mystic art, folk magic taps the power of
common items and occasions, and turns it to a magician's needs.
Sometimes called "low magic" by highbrow sorcerers, folk magic
is simple and effective, if limited in its effects. It cannot summon
castles from thin air, but it can supposedly spin straw into gold if
you know how to use it.

Each culture and subculture has some variant of folk magic;
in Dark Medieval Europe, all of them work somewhat. These are
the pagan arts, based upon nature-knowledge and an affinity with
the unseen world. Many of the practices we consider superstition
have their roots in folk magic. Typical spells involve using some
item or relic of the intended target, calling upon spirit or faerie
allies, charms or hexes passed down from wise ancestors, concoc-
tions and bodily fluids (blood, spit, semen), the elements, and
by-products like ash, dust and powder; ritual items like knives,
cups, wands, runes and cards; song, music and dance; sacrifices of
animals, items or people; and invocations to the gods. Their
rumored effects include shapechanging, curses and blessings on
people, places or things; warding, divination, weather control and
potent brews which give a person some desired attribute like
charisma, longevity or flying powers.

Whatever use folk magic is put to, it is a slow and subtle art.
Although tales claim that witches and cunning men could per-
form amazing feats, they could not do so quickly or in full view.
The Church claims that no division exists between folk magic and
Infernalism (see page 252), but many good Christians still follow
the old ways when they need a lucky break, or when some strange
figure lurks by their bedsides....

CiericaL Macic

No power, to the medieval mindset, approaches the power of
God. Through Him, all things are possible. Thus, His chosen
occasionally manifest powers beyond any mortal art. Most miracles
work through True Faith (see page 236), which is capricious and
unreliable. Some clergy, however, use more deliberate magics.
Naturally, a variety of faiths, including pagan ones, use sacred
magic. For the sake of the setting, however, we'll use the Christian
viewpoint to describe its effects.

Most clerical magics invoke the direct intervention of God
or His angels. The degree to which this works (or the reason for
why it does) is up to the individual Storyteller, but such magic
does seem valid in the Dark Medieval world. Accessing such
power requires devotion, sacrifice, faith and purity. Clerical

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


|
|

magic is not sorcery; the magician merely becomes a conduit for
the Divine Will. Thus, Church magicians are always careful not
to strain God's tolerance ("Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy
God"), for such arts come only through His grace and may be
removed atamoment's notice. There isa thin line between sacred
magic and demonic temptation, and the holy magician is always
careful to keep a clear path to Heaven in sight.

Sacred objects, prayers, chants, meditations, self-sacrifice and
songs help focus a cleric's intents. The minor miracles attributed to
sacred magic include healing, bursts of burning light or cleansing
fire, blessings, dramatic changes of heart for the wicked, visions and
prophecies of past or future events, and purification of people, places
or objects which have been tainted or possessed. Whatever form
they take, divine arts are rarely overt, lest the servant begin to
consider himself the master.

The Church has a split view of magic. If an outsider performs
a strange feat, she's using dark arts; if one of their own calls fortha
miracle, she's blessed by God. A magician of the faith will still be
closely watched by her peers, and even the most pious ones should
beware of pride. The Devil uses a fascination with magic to lure
clerics away from their intent and intoarcane studies best avoided.

INFERNALISM

The Church claims all forms of magic come ultimately from
Hell. The magicians themselves would argue differently. True
Infernalism, diabolism and black magic, however, are deliberately
chosen to invoke the darkness and learn its secrets.

Infernal powers exist; their exact nature isa mystery, butthey
do occasionally manifest to encourage all that's worst in human-
ity. Diabolist magi make pacts with such forces in return for
guidance, service and sheer power. This inversion of the sacred
arts is perhaps the most powerful magic mortals can attain —
diabolists gain more power, more quickly, with less study, than
any other form of magic. The cost, however, is considerably more
than most wise folk would be willing to pay. One's soul is usually
forfeit, either through a pact or through eventual corruption.

Although some high magic rituals attempt to bind demons
into service, diabolic magics attempt to win a devil's favor. Todo
so, an Infernalist rejects the will of God or the gods, and blas-
phemes against all that her culture holds sacred. From there, some
agent of darkness comes to secure service — first through minor
favors or desecretions, then through a tithe to Hell, to final soul-
binding pacts. Most such bargains begin as dabblings ("I'll only go
so far, then quit"), but they soon corrupt all a magician desires.
Soon after, most diabolists willingly trade light for darkness. In
the process, many grow powerful, but doomed.

Demonic magicks are potent and frightening. A dark magus
could conjure hellfire, fly through the air, possess others' minds or
bodies, curse her enemies, summon horrific creatures, cause bodily
pain at a distance, even in the undead; sour liquids or cause crops to
wither, and even assume animal shapes —hares, bears, wolves, ravens,
etc. Using such abilities usually requires a bloody sacrifice, a bit of the
person or animal to be affected, an incantation ot curse, potions,
poisons or brews, or perhaps simply an ill wish or nasty gaze directed
at the target. In many cases, the magician herself has little personal
power, and merely conjures some being which works the magic forher.


; Mace: THe Ascension ~ THE MEDIEVAL AcE i ,

For those familiar with Mage, or those who wish to incorporate that game into yout Dark Medieval chronicle, here's where
things stand for the years 900-1200: S :

* Groups Geet SS Ae _~s

The Ascension War has not yet begun. Although groups of magi battle occasionally, the powerful factions of the modem age
will not exist for centuries. The roots of the modern conflict lie in events that take place after this setting period ends. In 1210,
the Craftmasons unite to storm Mistridge Covenant. The Order of Reason (the Technocracy's foundation) forms in 1325, with
the Craftmasons as a focus. The Council of Nine Mystick Traditions does not form for another 140 years after that.

Only the Akashic Brotherhood, Ahl-i-Batin and Order of Hermes (which existed as a federation of separate Houses) exist as
organizations in the 10th century, and few outside the Hermetic magi have ever traveled to Western Europe. The groups which. *
later form the other Traditions and Conventions exist in scattered forms across the continent: The exceptions are the Hollow Ones
and Virtual Adepts, who won't take shape for the better part of a thousand years. Although their Traditions don't exist yet, the
Verbena, Celestial magi and scattered Ecstasy Cultists work their Arts in pretty much the same way as their modetn counterparts.
The Euthanatos and Dreamspeakers remain in distant lands, and the Solificati have just begun to take shape.

The Sons of Ether are an interesting case; although they came into being in the 1800s, the Kitab al Alacir (which provides their
metaphysical jumping-off point) is far older. In the late 1100s, an Italian prince and Hermetic magus, Lorenzo Golo, discovers this
Arabic translation of an even earlier document. Around that time, a Templar magus, Simon de Laurent, uncovers different translation
ofthe same work. The two men form a magickal society called the Natural Philosophers Guild; this group, though short-lived, provides
the first stirrings of the Etheric Tradition. Their influence in the 1200s is negligible, but it gains momentum in the later Renaissance.

Hermetic Houses dominate the magickal politics of medieval Europe. Although they face strong rivalries with the Church-
based clerical mysticks and pagan sorcerers which later formed the Chorus and Verbena, their harshest opponents often belonged

,to other Houses. Despite articles of Hermetic Confederation, these proud wizards quarreled often. The "witch-war" which \
{exterminated House Diedne and the vampiric treachery of House Tremere are only the most obvious highlights of this constant |
intrigue. For the most part, Hermetic wizards in this period acted with great civility, then backstabbed each otherwhen disputes arose.

Until the Convention of the White Tower (1325), the various Technocratic factions remain scattered throughout several
dozen tiny societies. The most notable group during this period, the Craftmasons, have a fairly organized network throughout Spain,

Normandy and Italy, where their Arts carry respect and influence. They do not, however, consider what they do "magick"; even |
now, such willworkers maintain that it is science, not superstition, that guides their Arc. |

The Nephandi and Marauders exist, and resemble their modern counterparts in many ways. The Fallen have great success
during this period through Infernalist practices, while the Mad Ones skirt the fringes of medieval society, passing through towns AQ
and cities just long enough to leave disorder behind. Their organizations (such as they are) are a bit looser at this time, but the basic
nature of both groups — primal corruption and dynamic madness — remain unchanged. SS

* Magick
The concept of the Spheres will not be defined for centuries, although the root of that metaphysic — the keystones, or prime \
elements — finds its way into Hermetic and Craftmasonic works. For game purposes, True Mages still use the Spheres, but define

them according to their styles (see above).

The "set" of reality favors Hermetic Arts, village witchcraft, Infernalism and Christian miracles. Remote areas and the fringes * (fs)
of Church influence favor folk magic and pagan clerical forms. During this period, mystick magick has the coincidental edge; the |
slight technomagick which exists must be as subtle as supernatural Arts are in the modern era. Magick, to be coincidental, requires 4
elaborate rituals, special objects (i.c., foci) and prayers, invocations or incantations. Fast-castings or "spells from nowhere" are sure /
routes to Paradox. Because the idea of demonic magick is so ingrained in the population (even in those places only recently Q
Christianized), backlashes tend to take the form of divine punishments or infernal visitations.

The limits of "acceptable" Effect levels are largely up to the Storyteller; heavily-populated areas (like Rome or London) will
not have quite the same "tolerance" for large and elaborate magicks as lonely wilderness areas. Bear in mind that large spells are
still hard to pull off, and require extended rolls to perform (see Mage Second Edition, Chapter Eight). For those who want further
details about the ways of the magi, the following books offer more information: Mage Second Edition, The Fragile Path, The Book
of Madness, Ascension's Right Hand and The Book of Shadows.

Infernalists rarely need to study to advance in the arts. Their _of simplicity, assume that a diabolist with aeaaiure races Ss (
demonic contact (who may follow them around in some animal form) more sciplines, usually one to three dots wort! pee « i ne
grants them greater power for greater pacts. Most of the initial — like turning into a eave tt ira use ras Lae se
leaming involved in black magic covers the summoningand bargain- _ Any sorcerer possessing such ais wil es ik iain
ingthe magician does to winademon'sfavors.Somepowerfuldemons __ where on his body, indicating the favor of d .
grant their servitors special powers called "Investments." For the sake

_——_Uz= CHAPTER NINE: HNTAGONISTS —
QUOT SSN


Black magic is the most despised kind. All societies forbid it,
and even vampires fear those who deal with demons. Infernalists
are condemned to painful deaths if they're discovered, and their
masters rarely help them when the torturer binds them to his
table. Nevertheless, many greedy or desperate people are drawn
to the Dark Arts despite the risks.

SCIENCE

Medieval science is more art than law, and bears more
resemblance to ritual magic than to modern technology. Astro-
logical correspondences and lists of heavenly hosts replace the
periodic table of elements and calculus. Even mundane technol-
ogy such as smithing, building and brewing often demanded
certain prayers, sacrifices and observances to be successful. Inven-
tion throughout this period was seen as little more than magic
itself, and the high sciences — alchemy, medicine, mathematics,
astronomy — still seemed to depend upon supernatural aid. Off
to the East, wondrous technology already exists, and the ancient
innovations of the Greeks, Romans and Egyptians, while lost
during the Dark Ages, still survives among secret societies; such
hidden lore must be magical! This is an age before skepticism,
remember; reason bows before the unexplainable.

The medieval scientist resembles the Hermetic magus; he has
mastered arcane formulae through decades of study and experi-
mentation. More often than not, he belongs to a secret society
with rituals and stringent membership requirements. With great
labors, he can perform feats no mortal could match. Small wonder
many consider him a magician. If magic compels the world to do
the sorcerer's will, that's exactly what technology is.

Scientific magic demands constant study and some form of
invention or observation. Most devices demand a fair amount of
time and manpower to create. Given the resources, however, this
brand of magician can detect or concoct poisons and elixirs;
construct labor-saving devices, trapsand war machines; create new
and wondrous substances, like metal alloys or Greek Fire, assuming
they lie within his expertise; cure and prevent diseases; and design
wondrous devices like golems, fountains, super-forges and perhaps
even flying machines (if the Storyteller doesn't mind getting a bit
fanciful). Obviously, the laws of science as we understand them
will determine what is and isn't possible. A scientific genius,
however, might employ electricity, explosives or De Vinci-esque
technology centuries before they became commonplace.

Obviously, Storytellers should beware of creating James Bondian
villains in a Dark Medieval setting — it could spoil the mood and
tuin the chronicle's balance. All the same, a Dark Ages Daedelus or
a budding John Dee might throw an unexpected twist into your
Dark Ages tales. What lengths might a scientific cabal go to while
studying the true causes of vampirism? What surprises would a
Cainite encounter if intruding upon the chambers of a mad inven-
tor? If modern mages are to be believed, a group of Technomancers
began their conquest of reality right around this time period...

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

TEMPLATES

These rough statistics could apply to any of the different
magicians' types above. While their equipment and styles of
magic will differ, the Traits remain fairly constant. Some types, of
course, specialize in different skills, like those below:

Alternate/ Additional Abilities:

© Gypsies: Athletics, Larceny, Intimidation, Animal Ken,
Archery, Stealth, Survival

* Philosopher-Scientists: Leadership, Crafts, Etiquette, Law,
Politics, Science

¢ Familiars/ Followers: Athletics, Dodge, Melee, Music,
Stealth, Survival

Minor SPELLCASTER

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Subter
fuge 3, Crafts 2, Herbalism 2, Melee 2, Academics 3, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 2, Occult 3

Disciplines: (distribute 5 levels among several Disciplinesas
appropriate to the style of magic)

Blood Pool: 4, Willpower: 4

Equipment: Small stash of herbs or tools, minor library of
lore, small group of followers, familiar, hidden weapon

FAiccomeisHeD Macician

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Intimi-
dation 3, Subterfuge 3, Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Herbalism 4, Melee 2,
Ride 3, Academics 4, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics 3, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 4, Politics 1

Disciplines: (distribute 10 levels among several Disciplines
as appropriate to the style of magic)

Blood Pool: 5, Willpower: 7

Equipment: Complete tools, small sanctuary or laboratory,
large group of followers or strange allies, one to three magical items
(crystal ball, wand or Storyteller'schoice), mundane weapon nearby

Arcu-Macus

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Intimi-
dation 4, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 4, Animal Ken 2, Crafts 2,
Etiquette 2, Herbalism 4, Melee 1, Ride 2, Academics 5, Investiga-
tion 4, Law 1, Linguistics 4, Medicine 4, Occult 5, Politics 3

Disciplines: (distribute 15 levels among several Disciplines
as appropriate to the style of magic)

Blood Pool: 6, Willpower: 9

Equipment: Tower or castle (perhaps shared by a group),
huge library, small army of followers or powerful supernatural
allies, collection of magical devices, possibly a mundane weapon
if she really feels she needs one


WRBITH IN THE
Dark AGES

There are tumbled roofs, towers in ruins, rime on the limy
mortar, storm-shielding tiling scarred, scored and collapsed,
undermined by age. An earthy grasp holds the lordly builders,
decayed and gone, the cruel grip of the ground, while a hundred
generations of humanity have passed away.

— S.A, Bradley, trans., "The Ruin"

Ghosts are very much a part of the medieval world. No one
doubts their existence or their power, though their origins can be
disputed. Among the living, most feel that wraiths are diabolic
creatures, sent forth from the Pit to tempt or seduce souls into
perdition. Those wraiths who attempt to warn the living about
the horrific nature of the afterlife are seen as prophetic in the
tradition of an Amos or Isaiah, leveling dire predictions of what
awaits those souls who have not earned Heaven. Their tales of the
rotted Shadowlands, horrific Spectres and the City of the Dead,
Stygia, where human souls are given to unearthly flames to be
forged into swords or worse, are easily transmuted into stories of
Hell by the humans into whose minds they are poured.

The spirits of the Restless Dead move through the world (or
worlds), each intent on his own mission. Potent enough to make
blood rain down or rip souls from sleeping bodies, wraiths can yet

be dispersed by the pounce ofa cat or the fist ofa child. They dwell
inarealm called the Shadowlands, a dim, twisted reflection of the
earth that bears the same relation to the waking world that a
rubbing of a tombstone on parchment bears to the stone itself.
They observe the world, tied to it by Fetters of passion and Pathos,
but can touch it only rarely. At once fragile and terrifying, they
can be either staunch allies or implacable foes to a Cainite.

THE Wor.D OF WRaITHS

The Shadowlands in which wraiths dwell isa decayed vision
of the landscape of the living world, overlaid on and woven
around what mortal men and vampires see. A man and a wraith
may stand in nigh unto the same place in the same cathedral and
see the same nave and apse, but their vision will relate very
different things. To the living man, all will be splendor and glory,
polished gold and shining flame of tapers. To the wraith, all will
seem to be ruin and rot, the splendor of centuries gone past. Of
course, the wraith can also spy, dimly, into the so-called Skinlands,
seeing the living man standing faintly in the midst of the decay.

Wraith society is not homogenous. In the late 12th century, it
isdivided intoa number of mutually suspicious factions teeteringon
the verge of open conflict. The most powerful is the Hierarchy, also
known as the Empire of Stygia, which extends its might from its
dread capital city on the shores of the Sunless Sea. Stygia has no
real-world equivalent, though it is composed of the ghosts of the

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS,


stones of Byzantium and Rome, Jerusalem and Babylon, Memphis
and Tyre, and every imperial city that ever was. From here Charon
and his Deathlords rule, sending out their Legions for their tithes of
souls. Obedient citizens of the Hierarchy are forbidden by a decree
called the Dictum Mortuum from interfering with the living. This
law is honored more in the breach than in the observance.

In opposition are the Fishers, Crusaders and other followers
of the Cross who believe that the Far Shores across the Sunless
Sea are Heaven, and whose beliefs bring them into direct conflict
with Charon and his servitors. Open hostilities are infrequent,
but the Crusaders (Fisher knights among the dead, and not to be
confused with the living knights who took the Cross) and the
Order of the Unlidded Eye (Charon's elite military force) are in
frequent, violent conflict. Many Fishers who deal with the living
send visions in an attempt to rescue them from the Underworld,
which they view alternately as Purgatory or Hell.

A third faction is the rag-tag rabble disdainfully labeled the
Renegades. Allies of convenience, not choice, the Renegades
serve as a catchall for all those to whom neither obedience nor
religion has any appeal. Some are dedicated freedom fighters,
others are ruffians and highwaymen who prey on weaker wraiths.
Renegades are frequently the worst offenders when it comes to
tormenting the living. Many, through use of the shapeshifting
ability known as Moliate, enjoyed appearing to mortals as demons
or gods, demanding sacrifices and worship. It is these mockeries
that caused the Church to take such a dim view of ghosts, and both
consecration and warding techniques were perfected to combat
this sort of interference.

A fourth kind of wraith, the monstrous beings called Spec-
tres, are infrequently encountered outside of the Shadowlands,

and thus pose little threat to vampires. Souls who have given over
completely to their darker natures, Spectres exist to torment and
tempt others into damnation with them. Some can appear quite
fair, but all are foul at heart. All other conflicts between wraiths
pale when Spectres raise their foul heads; in many ways they are
the ultimate enemy.

SHADOWS

All wraiths have a dark side, known as their Shadow. A
constant presence in the wraith's mind, the Shadow is equal parts
tempter and trickster, destroyer and seducer. It seeks to drag the
wraith down to Oblivion in a self-destructive frenzy, at the same
time working toward the destruction of all the wraith holds dear
as well. Simultaneously, the Shadow is the wraith's evil half, an
almost distinctly seperate personality, and it can come to the fore
when darker emotions seize the wraith.

When the Shadow is in command of a wraith, it will either
completely disregard any alliances and acquaintances the normal
persona, called the Psyche, might have made. This will undoubtedly
confuse and perhaps even offend those who know the wraith but who
are unaware of her Shadow, for the Shadow is not a topic of polite
conversation among wraiths, nor is it something the non-Restless
community is generally made aware of.

The other option that Shadows sometimes take is to play
along, pretending to be the Psyche and attempting to ruin
whatever plans the Psyche had laid with her allies. Betrayal,

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

backstabbing and deliberate misinformation are not beneath a
Shadow, and many have Dark Passions which are fulfilled by such
damnable acts.

There is no sure way to tell when a wraith's Shadow has come
to the fore. Often there will be some subtle hints in the wraith's
visage — a sneer instead of a smile, an appraising gaze instead of a
friendly one, a countenance that seems to be either twisted or
always in darkness, the manifestation of a new ghostly relic that
betrays its unholy origins — but there is no sure way to tell, and
most Cainites don't even know to look for the signs.

DEALINGS WITH CAINITES

There ismuch commerce between the Restless Dead and the
denizens of the waking world, even those who no longer breathe.
Indeed the Restless and the Cainites can be seen as sharing many
goals, which may bring them into either pallid cooperation ot
undying conflict.

‘Wraiths depend upon the living for what they call Pathos, the
spiritual energy that fuels their unearthly existence. As wraiths are
driven by what they call Passions, they are fed by passions in the living
that echo or mimic their own. Some of these Passions relate to specific
individuals; for example, a wraith may be driven to protect his widow
after his death. Should he succeed in his task, he would be rewarded
with the underworld sustenance called Pathos in abundance; should
he witness another working towards the same goal or even towards
simple protection of another, he would also be rewarded.

In addition, those wraiths who can still visit the Skinlands
are tied there by their Fetters: places, things or people whose
connections to the wraith are stronger by far than the grave. Often
a family member, an unrequited love or a liege lord will serve as
a wraith's Fetter, and the wraith will stop at nothing to protect
them. Should a wraith's Fetter be destroyed (or, in the case of an
individual, killed), another tie holding the wraith to earth is
loosed, and the unlucky soul may be that much closer to spiraling
into Oblivion, the gaping Void that waits at the end of all things.
Ergo, it is in a wraith's best interest to protect her Fetters fiercely,
else the personal consequences could be disastrous.

Here, then, lie the grounds for most of the cooperation and
conflict between Cainites and the Restless. Vampires also have
uses for humans; however, their manipulations can be more
draconian than those of wraiths whose only interest is to protect
or cultivate emotion. Many Cainites have indiscriminately fed
upon and discarded a wraith's Fetter, and earned the undying
emnity of that spirit. Similarly, a wraith wanting to undermine
another's source of Pathos may seek to burn down a building that
serves as a Fetter, unaware that a Cainite slumbers within.
Through this ignorance of each others' motives and needs,
wraiths and vampires often come into deadly conflict.

Conversely, there are times when the Restless and the Cainites
have achieved cooperation towards a mutual end. A human
burgomeister may be of prime importance as a pawn to a vampire
in his economic war against another of his kind; simultaneously
said town official could be a Fetter for a wraith. As both beings
work toadvance the burgomeister's fortunes, they may notice each
other's interference and become aware of each other's existence.
A deal may be struck, an arrangement reached, and the two
supernatural beings may combine their efforts to exalt the humble


Waithly Histo

In the late 12th century, the Second Maelstrom had not yet swept across the Shadowlands. There was no clear division of the
Tempest, Shadowlands and Skinlands, and the Empire of Stygia was not yet the dark and dismal place it can be in these
unenlightened times. Most of the Spectral incursions following the First Maelstrom had been beaten back, and while the Rene

und Fisher presences were strengthening, Spectres were rare

Well-kept roads run from Necropolis to Necropolis, but all roads end at Stygia. The Imperial Roads are patrolled by Charon's
Knights, heavily armed and extensively trained. The Legions march to and fro keeping order, when such force as they represent is

needed. Stygia itself is not yet overcrowded, but the first rumblings of dissent are beginning to be heard.

Onahillon the Isle of Sorrows stands the Fishers' Temple,

from whence souls departfor the promise of the Far Shores. Patrolled

by Crusaders and other, less heavily armed followers of the Cross, the Temple and its surroundings are essentially exempt from

Charon's law; the dwellers within claim to follow a higher one. Fishers ride out on the roads, seeking souls to convert to their

sssianic vision, and as Charon has granted some legitimacy to the

hers, these activities are tolerated. Still, tension between

Hierarchy and Fishers grows daily, particularly since many Moslems slain by invading Crusaders have also been brought into the

Stygian Shadowlands under the Hierarchy aegis.

Renegades, at the moment, are a far less serious threat. A rabble of bushwhackers and footpads, they hide out in the fringes of the
Shadowlands, skulking to an attack here and an ambush there. There is little unified about them; some few are true idealists disgusted

with the Stygian soul-trade, others are ex-Hierarchy citizens running from the restrictions of the Dictum Mortuum, still othersare merely
looking for the easiest existence after death they can find. Still, their numbers grow daily, and even small bands of Knights have fallen

to their depredations.

The Ferrymen are long banished, working in solitude in the Darkness that will someday become the Tempest. On the otherhand,

the Guilds are embroiled in the midsts of their deadly wa

of the Guilds, initiated in 1096 A.D. as an attempt to wrest away some of the power the Artificers'

a titan struggle for supremacy below the Deathlords in Styyia. The War

Jhad acquired, rapidly expanded

into a free-for-all involving all 16 Guilds in a series of wildly shifting alliances. The War will grind on for another century anda half,

bat for the moment the forges are tured to hamme

of Stygia, assassinations are frequent, and often "innocent"

1: out blades from unfortunate casualties. While no battles rage in the streets
standers are pulled into the morass of conflict

For a more detailed history of the events in the Shadowlands, see Wraith: The Oblivion:

townsman. A building where a Cainite rests during the day may be
a Fetter of a wraith who is not inimical towards the other tenant;
they both have reason to work towards the building's preservation.

Ofcourse, there are those not-so-rare occasions where wraiths
are created by Cainites, and then bloody constraint can follow.
Among the more common Passions is to avenge one's own murder,
and certain incautious Cainites have attracted what might be
termed "flocks" of ghosts following them, howling for blood. A
Cainite who creates such dedicated enemies, who have so much to
gain from his destruction, tends not to last very long in the great
game. A wraith devoted toa Cainite's Final Death may whisper the
vampire's eavesdropped plans to his enemies, or lead a monk to his
haven at midday through a vision granted in a dream.

Tue METHODS OF INTERACTION

When Cainites and the Restless interact, it is generally in
the so-called Skinlands. Very few Cainites have the ability to
venture into the Underworld and meet wraiths on their home
ground, though there are scare-tales of a vast city of Cainites
somewhere lost in the swirling mists of the lands of the dead

Notall vampires can see wraiths; only those with Auspex can
generally glimpse themas they flit through the Shadowlands. Once
a Cainite knows what he is looking for, he can generally spot
wraiths quite easily; it's knowing what to look for the first time that
presents the difficulty. The scholars of the Cappodocian clan, by
virtue of their studies into life and death, and the sorcerers of the

Tremere often have greater insights into the ways of the Restless
Dead than most other vampires, and both clans have at their
disposal certain rituals and incantations that can bind, dispel,
summon or even on rare occasions destroy wraiths. A subtle
detente exists between Cainites of these two clans and the Restles

neither side wishes the war that an abuse of such powers as the
Cappodocians or Tremere have at their disposal would precipitate.

‘War AMonG THE DEAD

Wraiths and vampires do inevitably come into conflict.
Direct combat between the two isalmost impossible as wraiths are
essentially "not there," and thus are more or less invulnerable to
fang and claw. Any blow struck on a wraith, no matter how well
placed, does only one level of damage and sends the wraith into
a noncorporeal state, where it cannot be further harmed by
physical attack. Conversely, most wraiths cannot strike vampires;
any attempt to do so almost inevitably damages the wraith as well
as the Cainite, and sends the attacker back into noncorporeal
status. Only certain wraiths have the ability to actually material-
ize atall, and even these can be returned to the Shadowlands with
a minimum of effort by the most callow Cainite.

Wars between the two, then, are fought in ways other than
hand-to-hand. Both sides have at their disposal certain abilities
which can neutralize the other's advantages. Disciplines such as
‘Thaumaturgy or the budding study of Necromancy can affect wraiths,
and Chimerstry can befuddle them. Less directly, Cainites can target

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


Noreson With: The Obliv

Many wraith situations and powers, especially the
Arcanoi, have no readily convertable equivalent in Vam-
pire: The Dark Ages. With that in mind, Storytellers are
encouraged to be creative and liberal in their tre
Arcanoi when having their Cainite characters interac
the Restless dead. In essence, the Arcanoi cover the gamut
of "classic" ghostly powers, from poltergeists flinging crock
ery to blood dripping from the walls to horrific r
being inflicted by the d
of fiction can do, ther

mares
d, For anything a ghost in a piece
‘ists an Arcanos equivalent

Most Arcanoi that directly affect the psyches of the
denizens of the Skinlands can be reduced to contested
Willpower rolls; should the roll call for the loser to lose
Pathos, temporary Willpower should be substituted. Corpus
directly converts to Health, and it is possible for a wraith to
use such Arcanoi as Usury to directly damage Cainites.

Several arts and Arcanoi function primarily within the
Shadowlands and Tempest, particularly Argos, and as such
are unlikely to be useful in a crossover Vampire: The Dark
Ages/Wraith: The Oblivion chronicle. Some other Arcanoi,
especially most uses of Inhabit, are anachronistic for the late
12th century, and assuch should be replaced with acceptable
period equivalents. Some sample alternate arts are available
in Guildbook

their own as their chronicle requires.

rtificers; Storytellers are invited to invent

wraiths' Fetters and by annihilating them, banish the offending
wraith from the Skinlands. Wraiths counter with certain of their
skills, called Arcanoi, which allow them to affect the physical world.
A stake hurled by the force of a ghostly will will strike as hard as one
hand-driven; a coffin possessed so that it opens and closes at incon-
venient times can also severely damage a Cainite's peace of mind.

Haunts

Wraiths commonly haunt those places most eldritch and
feared by the local peasantry, where acts of great passion and rage
have been committed. Old battlefields, graveyards, gallows, castles
and gaolsare places where acts of a sort to tie the dead toearth have
oftbeen performed. Conversely, those domiciles thathave, through
long association, become more home than house may also bind
the spirits of their owners through strength of association.

Cainites who venture into Haunts are generally not wel-
comed there, though some wraiths welcome more corporeal
protectors for their homes. The barrier between worlds is thin in
a Haunt, and there are stories of Cainites being drawn into the
Shadowlands while intruding on a Haunt populated by particu-
larly unfriendly wraiths. Other tales claim that Disciplines and
even the use of vitae are corrupted oddly in Haunts, and that a
Cainite cannot count on even his most basic abilities in one.
Regardless, Haunts are most often unfriendly tertitory for vam-
pires, and any who venture in had best possess either an invitation
ora hidden trump.

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

PARCEL OF
‘WRaAITHS

Below are some statistics forstandard wraith characters. Approxi-
mation has been made between wraithly Arcanoi and vampiric
Disciplines whenever possible. All wraiths should have at least one
level of Auspex, due to the fact that they are much more sensitive to
external stimuli than almost anything in the Skinlands.

LEMURES

Lemures are the youngest members of wraith society, accli-
mated but not yet powerful. They are familiar with the ways of the
Underworld, and have some understanding vis-a-vis their situation.
Most Lemures have been dead for less than a century, and are
strongly Fettered to the Skinlands. As they are the wraiths who
frequent the lands of the living most often, they are the wraiths with
whom Cainites are most likely to come in contact.
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma 3, Ma-
nipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1 , Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 1, Archery 1, Crafts 1,
Melee 1, Stealth 1, Academics 1, Bureaucracy 2, Investigation |,
Law 2, Occult 2, Politics 1
Suggested Disciplines: Dominate 1, Chimerstry 1, Auspex 1,
Vicissitude 1
Willpower: 8
Equipment: Ghostly blades, tattered clothing

GaUNTS

Gauntsare more experienced wraiths. They have settled into
the society of the dead, and are more potent than Lemures. Most
Gaunts are still somewhat attached to the Skinlands, but their
Fetters have been weakened, or in some cases, resolved or de-
stroyed. Gaunts tend to look at the bigger picture when dealing
with mortals and Cainites, and are more patient and more
dangerous than Lemures. Most Knights are either older Lemures
or Gaunts; most Legionnaires are Lemures.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 4, Ma-
nipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Intimidation 3,
Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 1, Archery 2, Crafts 1, Melee 2, Stealth 3,
Academics 2, Bureaucracy 4, Investigation 1, Law 2, Linguistics |,
Occult 2, Politics 1
Suggested Disciplines: Auspex 2, Chimerstry 1 Dominate 2,
Presence 1, Vicissitude 3
Willpower: 9
Equipment: Noble banner and ghostly (but outdated) armor, spec-
tral weapons and rich clothing, often Roman or earlier artifacts

DoMEMS

Domens are wraiths, of an age with Gaunts but without any
Fetters. Thus, they cannot return to the Skinlands and dwell
instead within the city of Stygia. It is highly unlikely that a
Cainite will deal with a Domem.


THE FAERIE

They are known by many names: the Fair Folk, the wild ones,
the mad ones. Yet no matter what name the Cainites give them,
little isknown of these enigmatic and mercurial beings who seem
to answer to no power but their own whim. Because of their
unpredictable nature, they are considered best avoided as few
who have dealings with them come out ahead in the bargain. Still
there are those who dare treat with them — of these most are
never seen nor heard from again. Some return years later, changed
oraltered in some way, often addle-minded and confused, though
some seem to possess a peculiar insight and sagacity.

TYPES OF FAE

There are certain "facts" that have been ascertained about
the fae by those vampires who have chosen the precarious task of
studying them. Faeries are incredibly varied in physical appear-
ance. They come in a wide variety of shapes and sizes, and many
believe that they can change their shape at will. Their powers and
abilities are also known tobe exceedingly diverse. Still, loremasters
have separated the fae into several distinct categories. Many
argue over the veracity of these findings, though none have been
able to refute these findings with any degree of credence.

SIDHE

The noble sidhe are considered to be the ruling class of the
fae, much as the Ventrue and Lasombra are among Cainites. They
are seldom encountered by vampires for they only rarely venture
forth from their beloved Arcadia. They are known to be extremely
tall and possess a beauty so intense it is nearly alien. It is rumored

that a Toreador who encountered one of these beings was so
awestruck by the sight of her that he burned out his own eyes, for
he knew that he would never see such magnificence again.

NyYMPHs AND Forest FAERIES

‘These mysterious beings are only slightly more common that
the sidhe. They are usually only encountered within the bound-
aries of a faerie forest or glade. These creatures have some sort of
deep, recondite connection with nature — indeed they most
often resemble that which they have the strongest association
with. Most of these fae have a relation with a particular facet of
nature: trees, flowers, plants, waterfalls, rock. Usually, their
nature is reflected in that which they are associated with. A faerie
associated with rock is likely to be very secretive and silent, while
one of water would be capricious and have a silver laugh.

Though these faeries keep mostly to themselves, they are
well-known for waylaying or harassing those who have offended
them. Though exactly what constitutes an offense to these fae is
usually unknowable. When perturbed, these fae, as with most
others, fall into the Trickster category.

HousEHOLD FAERIES AS ; \

Known as brownies, boggarts, gremlins or bwea, these helpful

sprites are the most likely to be glimpsed for they live in close

y X.. .
proximity with mortals. These fae are well-known for performing thts \ =
various household tasks in exchange for food. They only work at ZZ \ \ Ns \
night, and will permit no one to watch them work. They are also LE ZY Ws
Zz Yj, KS =e N
CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


known for having many strange customs, and are easily offended.
When dealing with one of these faeries, it is best to know for certain
what customsit follows, lest you inadvertently offend it. Once angered
they can become quite malicious, and are not easily appeased.

TRICKSTERS

These fae are always best avoided. Though they may often appear
harmless or even helpful, interaction with these fae will almost always
spell certain doom for the mortal (or vampire) involved. They are
mischievous creatures intent only on causing havoc. These faeries
come in many varieties, each possessing its own peculiar method of
leading mortals astray. Among the many varieties of tricksters are the
pooka, willow o' the wisp, kelpie, leprechaun and the lamia.

Other types of faeries are often known to become tricksters,
especially if they have been offended in some manner. Once a faerie
has taken offense with someone, they will taunt and harass the
offender until they believe the affront has been paid for.

CHANGELINGS

Little isknown about changelingsas they appear tobe mortals,
at least to one who does not know what to look for. Itis said that
occasionally one of the fae will snatch a mortal from this world in
order to take their place and live among mortals. Though this
"kidnapping" is most common among babies, itis rumored that at
times an older mortal may be replaced in this manner. There are
many rituals and customs which are said to be able to cause a
changeling to reveal its true nature. Whether there is any veracity
to these customs is up for debate. Certainly, some of them have
been known to be effective at times, though it is possible that some
changelings have merely decided to reveal themselves at the time.

Itisunknown why the fae practice thisstrange custom. Some
say that ancient faeries need to live among mortals to experience
a sort of rebirth, allowing them to become young again. Others
take a dimmer view, recalling the tradition that the fae must pay
a tithe to Hell every seven years. These pessimists believe that
mortals are taken away to Arcadia for just this purpose. Some say
that both these views are correct, and there are still many more
conjectures on the subject. In the end it seems the only ones who
know the truth are the fae, if indeed even they do.

THE CINSEELIE CourT

The fae are believed to be divided into two courts, the Seelie
who rule from Beltaine to Samhain and the Unseelie who rule
from Samhain to Beltaine. Either may be encountered through-
outthe year, though the Seelie are said to be most often encountered
during twilight and the Unseelie are found mostly during the
depths of night. Most of the fae discussed here are of the Seelie
court, and while some of these can be said to be largely unfriendly,
nothing can compare to the evil of the Unseelie court.

The Unseelie seem to exist only to torment others. A band of
the Unseelie knownas the Host fly over the landsat night, assaulting
any undefended mortals they encounter. Such unfortunate souls are
often found the next day, their bodies shattered by the indescribable
punishments inflicted by the Host. Lone vampires who are not in
some way protected are also subject to such harassment.


FaeERIE Customs

The fae seem to have innumerable customs and traditions,
some of which can seem paradoxical. Still there are several con-
stantsupon which most loremastersagree. These have been collected
from the reports of travelers, stories and legends, and from others
who have had firsthand encounters with faeries. The most com-
monly accepted rule is that faeries are unpredictable, and oneshould
always use caution when dealing with them.

GLAMOUR

No one can truly define what Glamour is, for ithas no "real"
substance. Some would say that it is the magical energies with
which the fae fuel their spells; it is that and much more. The
Glamour is an intrinsic part of faerie nature. With it they can
fashion whatever they desire from thin air, and they can alter
their appearance. Some even say that the very forms they take are
fashioned from the stuff of raw Glamour. Whatever the truth, its
uses certainly provide them with a great deal of power. There are
those who can pierce these illusions, allowing them to see the
truth behind the fiction (though it is considered bad form to
inform a faerie that you have done so).

Piercing The GLacour

Characters who posses the Discipline Auspex
may see through a faerie Glamour. For purposes of the
game the Discipline Chimerstry is used to represent
the illusionary ability of the fae. Though normally not
the case, a character may roll one die for each level of
Auspex possessed (difficulty 8) any time they encoun-
ter a faerie illusion. Normally, only one success is
needed to pierce this veil, though a Storyteller may
deem that more successes are needed depending upon
the nature of the illusion.

POSSESSION

Most faeries have a very different concept of ownership and
property than do mortals. From their point of view, humans have
a great number possessions of which they are able to give freely.
The fae regard this human generosity as one of their highest
features. They believe that anything which is not intrinsically a
part of another person to be free for the taking. In fact they donot
teally view this as stealing, since as far as they are concerned, the
item in question never really belonged to the mortal anyway.

The possessions of the fae are another matter entirely, however.
Anything possessed by the fae is most often considered to be intrin-
sically a part of them. This means that stealing something froma faerie
implies stealing something that isa very part of her — ina sense a part
of her "soul." For obvious reasons this can evoke great anger from a
faerie, inciting him to hunt down the offender in order to retrieve the
stolen object and exact retribution on the offender. Those guilty of
stealing from a the fae are likely to find themselves the victim of a
faerie curse, or worse. The fae do not extend this peculiar attitude of
ownership to some things possessed by mortals, particularly works of
art. No scrupulous faerie would dare "borrow" a work of art created by
a mortal, as it would be tantamount to stealing from another faerie.

FAERIE PLACES

There exist in the world places where the realm of faerie,
Arcadia, overlaps our own. These places are often known by those
who live near themas faerie forests or glades. In these places faerie
magic can be truly awesome. Even the most powerful Tremere
warlock would think twice before challenging the most lowly of
the fae in one of these places.

Why these places exist is a subject for debate. The most
common belief is that these are places where Arcadia connects with
Earth; this would explain why faeries and fae creatures are often
found in these areas. Most faerie forests are well-known by the
peasantry who live in the surrounding lands and so are easily located.
Often it is not the entire forest which is under faerie enchantment,
instead only a portion a of a forest or even just a single glade.

A faerie forest can usually be traveled with little or no worry,
with the exception of the usual threat of Lupines, though it is often
best to be alert. In fact one may travel such a forest dozens of times
without ever encountering a fae creature. Especially those who go
in search of the fae are unlikely to find them, for faeries are very
private creatures, and prefer to deal with others on their own terms.

CAINITES AND THE FAE

Encounters with the fae can create a very different feel for a
Dark Ages chronicle. A brush with faerie can add an element of
fantasy and mystery to a story. In this sort of story the fae should
always remain enigmatic and mysterious, their motives never known
and often confusing. Alternately, dealings with the Fair Folk could
be an ongoing part of the chronicle. This may have a much more
high fantasy feel to it than the typical Dark Ages chronicle, though
some Storytellers and players may prefer this sort of setting. In this
type of chronicle, encounters with the fae and mythic beasts would
be more common, if not exactly commonplace. The Storyteller
should still try to maintain an aura of mystery about the fae.

The fae are mostly unknowable to vampires. Their wild ways
and capricious whims are beyond the comprehension of Cainites.
However, the Malkavians claim to have close ties with them. Exactly
what the nature of these ties are is unknown to most other Cainites,
though many would certainly like to know more.

According to faerie legend, vampires are descendants of the
fae. Indeed there is some evidence to support this, at least among
faerie-kind. There are several varieties of faeries who behave in
much the same manner as vampires, with few distinguishing
features other than that they do not create more of their kind
through the Embrace. Most notable of these is the leanan sidhe,
a beautiful fae woman known for inspiring poets to brillianceeven
as she drains them of their essence.

SAMPLE FARE

SHE WARRIOR

The sidhe warrior is perhaps the most dangerous faerie a
Cainite could expect to encounter. When seen, these beings are
resplendent in shining armor, with long flowing hair. A bright
nimbussurrounds them. The sidhe are renowned for theirhaughty
manner and arrogance. Any who cross them or show them the
slightest discourtesy will be quickly dispatched. These are truly
beings to be feared.

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


Orinking Faerie BLooo
Drinking the blood of the fae can be a chancy prospect fora vampire, though, because of its potency itis one many are willing
to take. Each point of blood taken from a faerie equals two Blood Points. However, any character imbibing fae blood risks certain
dangerous side-effects. First, the character risks frenzy. Any vampire who drinks faerie blood must immediately make a Self-
Control/ Instincts roll (difficulty 4 + the number of Blood Points ingested). Failure indicates that the character is overcome by
the heady rush of the powerful blood, and will seek to gorge himself with blood. The character will not stop drinking until the frenzy
has subsided. Even if he has drunk to his capacity, he will continue to drink, though no benefit will be gained by this extra blood.
Assuming the character makes the frenzy roll (or even if she didn't), she must then make a Stamina roll (difficulty 8)
to avoid suffering any side-effects. Side-effects are always determined by the Storyteller — they can be chosen randomly

additional 1-10 Blood Points.

Point ingested.

© The character immediately enters torpor.

though the character is immune to the effects.

lasts one night for each Blood Point consumed.

or assigned, whichever seems most appropriate. Some possible side effects from drinking faerie blood are:
The character begins to violently eject blood from the ears, eyes, nose and mouth. All the blood consumed is lost, plus an

* The character suffers violent hallucinations. These hallucinations last for approximately 10 minutes for every Blood

© The character becomes bound to the faerie in question. This has the same effects as a Blood Oath.
© The character falls completely in love with the next person they see (other than the faerie).

© The character immediately gains one point of Appearance, but loses a point of Perception. These effects are permanent.

¢ The character gains all the effects of Heightened Senses (see Auspex, page 143), though these senses cannot be turned off.
Increase the difficulty for any roll involving Wits by two. This effect last for one hour for each point of blood consumed.

* The character begins to glow with a golden light. This light has the same effect as sunlight to any others nearby,
* The character will be overcome by emotion, and breaks out into tears of blood every time he hears music. This effect
¢ The character can see through all faerie Glamours. This allows a character to see faeries who are invisible and

recognize them in their true form. The character had best keep his knowledge secret, lest he anger the faeries — they do
not take kindly to having their secrets revealed. This effect lasts one hour per Blood Point consumed.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 6, Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Archery 6, Athletics 2, Etiquette 4, Dodge 3, Melee 5,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Music 4, Occult 3, Ride 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 3, Chimerstry 3, Obfuscate 4,
Presence 3

Blood Pool: 15, Willpower: 8

PookA TRICKSTER

The pookaare a relatively benevolent variety of trickster. They
usually cause no harm to their victims, instead preferring to place
them in embarrassing or otherwise uncomfortable situations. A
favorite prank of a pooka is to transform into the shape of a beautiful
horse. Once a knight or other individual has mounted him, the pooka
will take off ata wild gait with the rider unable to stop him or get off.
This ride will usually end with the pooka leaping over a cliff, into a
pond, or throwing the rider intoaditch and shapechanging into bird.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Music 4,
Larceny 3, Occult 2, Stealth 5, Subterfuge 4

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex, 2, Chimerstry 3, Celerity 2,
Obfuscate 4, Protean 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 6

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES.

Powers: Shape Change — A pooka may instantaneously
change into any creature it desires, from the size ofa small bird up
toa large horse.

BROWNIE

These household faeries generally appear as small, wizened
brown men. They are among the most helpful of faeries, perform-
ing tasks for the owners of the home they inhabit and expecting
only a small gift in return, usually a bowl of cream and honeyed
bread. These tasks often include housecleaning, milking cows,
shucking wheat and cutting wood. These tasks are usually per-
formed with absolute stealth and secrecy. They are extremely
fickle, however, and must be dealt with carefully, lest the brownie
turn against its host. One should never give too great a gift or offer
direct thanks to the brownie; to do so is to risk offending it.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Crafts 5, Dodge 5, Music 2, Larceny 4, Occult 2,
Stealth 6

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 4, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 4

Powers: Industry — A single brownie can perform the tasks
of several men in a single night. These tasks are performed in
complete silence, and should never be disturbed. A brownie who
is disturbed while working will never complete the task, and will
often curse it so that it can never be completed.


Cy Changeling: The Oreacaing — The deo1eval. AGE

Vampire: The Dark Ages precedes the Shattering, generally precluding much possibility for crossover stories featuring
changelings, at least as they are described in Changeling: The Dreaming. Itis only after the Shattering, which occurs just priot
to the Renaissance, that the majority of the fae take on mortal form. During the medieval period most fae encountered would
be of the true fae, though it would be possible to encounter a changeling of the traditional variety, a faerie who has kidnapped
a mortal and taken his place. Such changelings often do not even realize their true nature.

Though it would certainly be possible to play this type of changeling in a medieval setting, drastic changes would have
to be made to the rules to provide for the fact that Banality is nearly non-existent, Glamour is plentiful, and Bunks would
probably be a lot easier. Players could also play one of the true fae, though it is not recommended that these characters be
available to players. These enigmatic beings should remain in the hands of the Storyteller.

Storytellers who wish to include the more traditional variety of changelings in their stories can use the following
modifications to the rules provided in Changeling: The Dreaming.

© Character Abilities should be assigned per the rules in Vampire: The Dark Ages.

* Backgrounds should be chosen from Changeling or Vampire: The Dark Ages as the Storyteller deems appropriate.
All characters should take at least one dot of Gremayre as this is their innate connection to Faerie. The number of dots
possessed determines how much of her fae heritage a character recalls.

© The character's Court should still be selected, though it is recommended that most characters be of the Seelie Court
(see below). Legacies should be selected as usual. A character's Seeming determines the age of the mortal who has been
kidnapped and taken to Arcadia, thus determining the character's starting age. Though the most common kidnapping is that
of a human babe, the character cannot begin play until the age of six.

© Akith may still be chosen for the character, though it will not affect the character much in the way of outward appearance.
Instead of appearing to have actual horns, a satyr may just have extremely hairy legs, while one of the sidhe may have fine features
and almond-shaped eyes. The Storyteller may decide whether the kith's Birthrights and Frailties apply.

© In the time before the Shattering, Banality was not nearly the threat that it is today. This does not mean, however,
that it did not exist, only that the presence of so much Glamour made the fae on Earth much more resistant to it. Though
true fae are immune to the effects of Banality, changelings have attuned themselves to humanity, thus making them somewhat
susceptible to its ravages. Obviously, many of the reasons that would cause a character to gain Banality that are listed in

Changeling would not be appropriate toa medieval setting, leaving it up to the Storyteller todetermine exactly what its effects
are. When, and if, a character reaches 10 permanent Banality, the character is forced to return to Arcadia. The following are
suggestions for how a character may gain Banality in a medieval setting:

— Getting married. Gain one permanent point of Banality.

— Advancing in age. A character gains one permanent point of Banality for every seven years they spend as a mortal.

— Any time the character tells a lie she gains one temporary point of Banality. (Characters of the pooka kith are exempt
from this).

— Breaking an oath. This may cause the character to gain one or more temporary or permanent points of Banality at
the Storyteller's whim.

* Glamour should be readily available in this day and age. The difficulty for gaining Glamour through any means should
always be lowered by two. Additionally, places of Glamour are much more common. A character may recover Glamour just
by being within the confines of a faerie forest. In such cases Glamour is usually gained at the rate of one per hour and there
is no limit to the amount of Glamour which may be gained.

© Cantrips function almost exactly as in Changeling, though it is never necessary to roll to overcome the Banality of a
mortal. When casting a cantrip, the character need only fulfill the requirements of the Bunk, no matter how fantastic the effect.

© Changelings heal at an amazing rate, at least as compared to mortals. A changeling recovers one Health Level every hour, with
the exception of aggravated damage. Anything which would cause a vampire aggravated damage, with the exception of sunlight,
causes aggravated damage to a changeling. This damage is recovered at a rate of one Health Level per day.

© It should be particularly noted that chimera do not exist during the Dark Ages; rather, anything that would normally be
chimerical is real. A flaming magical sword is indeed a flaming magical sword, anda unicom isa living, breathing beast. Such things
should be extremely rare during the Dark Ages as they are not really appropriate to the setting, but they do exist.

Care should be taken by any Storyteller opting to allow a player to portray one of these beings as the power one of these
changelings wields could easily unbalance a chronicle.

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


CROSSOVER RULES

Some suggested default rules to use in Storyteller games with
two or more types of supernatural creatures are given below. These
are general rules. Particular rules should supersede generalizations,
but should still take these guidelines into account. The details
given for any particular Discipline, Gift, Sphere or Arcanos should
override any statement made below. Storytellers should use their
best judgments in such matters, realizing that their decision over-
rides any rule. Use discretion, and let the story be your guide.

Power LEVELS

When one character uses a power against another, and the
issue of whether the character is powerful enough to pull it off
comes up, use this scale: compare a vampire's Discipline rating, a
werewolf's Rank, a mage's Sphere rating or a wraith's Arcanos
rating. The supernatural with the highest score wins. In the case
of ties, a resisted roll is then made.

Note: The scores compared are the being's own ability, not
necessarily the level or rating of the power used. In other words,
avampire with Dominate 4 will use the level one Dominate ability
Observance of the Spoken Word more effectively than a vampire
with Dominate 1. Elements like duration, damage and range do
not change, but the effect's potency over other supernaturals does.

DIFFICULTIES

Sometimes, one game will call for a character to defend with a
Trait she does not have. For instance, some werewolf Gifts have the
Rage of the target as the difficulty for the activation roll. Mages don't
have Rage. What does the character use instead?

When all else fails, the default difficulty is 6. If the target is
actively resisting, the Storyteller can choose to use the character's
Willpower rating instead. Willpower is another handy default in
the system; it is a Trait shared in all the Storyteller system games
Use common sense; your games should be evocative stories, not
math tests.

Discipline Werewolf Rank Sphere Rating* Arcanos

1 (Cliath)

Z (Fostern)

3 (Adren)

4 (Athro)

5 (Elder)

6+ (Elder) =
* In the case of conjunctional effects, use the highest
Sphere rating of the effect that mage is attempting.

DEMONS AND THEIR
INFERNAL KIN

Through envy of the Devil came death into the world.
— The Wisdom of Solomon, 12:24

As all good Christians know, demons were once angels who
conspired with Lucifer and fell to Earth, and from there to Hell.
Jewish and Muslim scholars speculate that these entities began


either as perversions of God's handiwork, or as ghosts of the
wilderness sent to test the will of God's chosen. Still older faiths
speak of the spirits of darkness that glut themselves on death and
misery, of evil gods and primordial survivors. All sources agree,
however, that infernal beings wait in the night, tempting and
corrupting foolish folk, then feeding upon their souls.

According to medieval demonology, Hell's ranks form a com-
plex hierarchy which resembles the social structure of the time.
Satan, of course, sits at the top of a vast network of dukes, arch-
demons, consorts, lords, tempters, warriors, lesser fiends, monsters
and slaves. Naturally, these entities spend most of their time in
Hell, corrupting humanity from afar and scheming to overthrow
God and Satan both. Each demon has its own name, identity and
place in the infernal ranks. Hermetic lore lists literally hundreds of
demons by name, title and purpose, though few Cainites outside the
scholarly Tremere will know or care about such niceties. Suppos-
edly, each purpose under Heaven has a corrupter in Hell.

Souls seem to be a demon's greatest prize; he'll spend years
cultivating a "pupil" — nurturing her hatred, encouraging her
sins, perhaps granting her some small power before the mortal's
(or Cainite's) death brings her soul into the demon's hands.
Perhaps advancement in Hell is measured in souls; maybe they
just make good currency, slaves or food. In any case, ademon will
go to great lengths to obtain a human soul.

Few characters will ever see a demon, or at least notice it for
what it is. A demon's true form, it is said, remains chained in Hell.
Many send their spirits wandering to Earth, however, and inhabit
mortal forms. Unlucky Cainites might encounter either these
infernal host creatures or the human cultists who serve the corrupt-
ers themselves. When they do, the vampires are in for a fight.

Demons rarely appear overtly; it's saferand more effective (both
for the demon and for the Storyteller) for infernal beings to manifest
in subtle, eerie forms: a flock of black birds, a handsome or beautiful
stranger with an otherworldly taint, a cloud of insects, a sudden wind
whispering with an undercurrent of damned-soul screams, etc. De-
spite their power, all but the lowest devils consider physical conflict
beneath them. Instead, they try to lead characters into greater and
more elaborate sins. A tainted innocent, it is said, is worth more than
a butchered sinner.

Storytellers should be careful when working infernal powers
intoa chronicle; demons, if they appear atall, should seem more like
forces of nature than monsters to be killed. Subtle bits of weirdness
—odd sounds, sudden weather shifts, a vague whiff of brimstone —
will inspire more terror than a horned beast wreathed in hellfire. If
the Storyteller builds unease through atmosphere and omen (see
Chapter Eight), the sudden appearance of the same horned beast
will be that much more effective. Making demonology seem too cool
is probably a bad move as well; people might get the wrong idea...

Demonic Powers

Though bound in Hell, demonic entities can send their
spirits to Earth. There they inhabit material bodies, or pass
through the spiritual reflection of our world, doing what they will.
The powers they can use reflect their purpose and demonic origin;
a tempter will have high levels of Dominate, Obfuscation and
Presence, while a warrior would have Potence, Fortitude and
Auspex. For game purposes, assume that an encountered demon

EXAMPLE

A Nosferatu vampire has Obfuscate 3, and is using
Obfuscate 2, Unseen Presence 2. A Rank Four werewolf
nearby is attempting to use the (level one) Gift: Sense
Wyrm to find any corruption in the area. The Storyteller
knows the Nosferatu bears the scent of the Wyrm (the
Nosferatu has a low Road of Humanity rating). If the
vampire isusing Obfuscate, can the werewolfsense him? The
werewolf is Rank Four, and the vampire's Discipline rating
is only 3, so the werewolf has a chance of spotting him.

"Has a chance" is the operative phrase here. This
system does not override the existing systems: the ability is
not automatic. In other words, the werewolf must still roll
Perception + Occult (just like any other werewolf using
Sense Wyrm); if he has no successes, then corruption is
not detected. With one success, he will find the Nosferatu.

Now, what if the werewolf were Rank Three? He
would have power equal to the Nosferatu's Obfuscate 3.
The result would depend on a resisted roll. The werewolf
would roll Perception + Occult, while the Nosferatu would
roll Wits + Stealth (just like any other Cainite using
Unseen Presence). Whoever has the most successes wins.
If the Nosferatu won, he would remain unseen and unde-
tected. If the werewolf won, he would sense the Nosferatu.
Ties go to the defender; in this case, the Nosferatu would
remain hidden. Since the werewolf is the one actively
searching, the Nosferatu gains the benefit of a tie.

What if the werewolf was only Rank Two? His Gift
would not be powerful enough to penetrate the Obfuscate.
However, the Storyteller should let the player roll anyway and
simply tell him he senses nothing.

wears its material form and uses Vampire: The Dark Ages
Disciplines when using the statistics below. Storytellers with
Mage: The Ascension, The Book of Madness or Werewolf: The
Apocalypse should feel free to use those books' spirit rules to
reflect demonic spirits.

Most demons wield the following powers:

Healing: Demons and their host creatures can heal one
Health Level per turn without effort. Really powerful manifesta-
tions can heal two or even three Levels per turn.

© Fortitude: The Infernal are notoriously hard to hurt. As-
sume that any demon-form has Fortitude ranging from 1 to 5.

* Domination: Those who meet infernal manifestations know
it; even the lowliest demons have at least two dots of Presence, and
many have comparable levels of Dominate as well. Powerful demons
and hosts can cow an entire room of mortals with a glance.

* Daimoinon: An innate demonic power (see Chapter
Five). Lords can go as high as 8 with this Discipline (which allows
them to summon others of their kind or curse a large area), and
dukes and their betters can attain any level.

* Immunity to fire: Flames are demons' natural element; no
fire-based attack can harm them except for their own infernal
flames (which hurt but inflict no damage).

CHAPTER NINE: ANTAGONISTS


© Investments: Tempters and more powerful devils can
grant favors to their mortal servants in exchange for slavery,
sacrifice or soul-pacts. For simplicity, assume that a tempter can
grant | or 2 dots in any one Discipline — for a price. Lords and
dukes may grant up to 4 dots in two to three Disciplines, but the
cost will be high...and eternal.

Demons themselves rarely manifest upon the Earth; instead,
their spirits inhabit lesser forms, mortal beings with supernatural
powers, which are here called the infernal hosts. Occasionally
possessed, often created from scratch in an imperfect mockery of the
Lord's own creations, host creatures exist a short time before decay-
ing. Unlike ademon's true form, these creatures can be hurt or killed.

Occasionally, some ritual or rift between Hell and the Earth
allows a demon to create a material aspect of its true form. These
manifestations are very rare and exceedingly powerful. No mor-
tal, and few immortals, could stand and fight one on itsown terms.
Those who would bind or traffick with the Infernal must resort to
elaborate magics or divine aid. The latter requires more faith than
most Cainites can muster, while the former leaves a magician's
soul at risk (see "Magi and Magicians"). Even if a demon's
material form isslain, the entity itself is only banished back to the
Inferno. This banishment may hurt, but will not prevent the
Fallen One from coming back at another time to avenge itself.
Thiscan be especially problematic for a vampire; afterall, youcan
accumulate a lot of enemies in a century, and not all of them
reckon their lives in mortal years...

‘WEAKNESSES

Although they carry hellbound powers, infernal beings are
subject to the power of God's creation. While few Cainites could

(or would) beseech the Almighty for help, the following things
can harm or repel a demonic manifestation:

© True Faith: Faith has double its normal effect on infernal
powers. A character with Faith can inflict one die of aggravated
damage for each point of Faith she possesses. Faith can come from
beliefs other than Christianity; Islam and Judaism have long
histories of divine favor, and even good pagans can resist the lure
of darkness.

© Pride and greed: Demons are acrafty lot —sometimes too
clever for their own good. Because they consider themselves
superior to humanity, some can be tricked into leaving or per-
forming short services. This is exceedingly dangerous, however;
many tempters will play dumb, let a character believe she has the
best end of a deal, and then spring the trap.

© The barriers: God does not allow demons free reign on
Earth; they must be summoned, bound or brought into the mortal
world through human evil or stupidity. Once they're there, most
demons choose to stay awhile. Some magical charms might raise a
similar barrier at the Storyteller's discretion.

TEMPLATES: INFERNAL Hosts

Cainites might encounter these demon-ridden monsters at
Devils' Sabbats, around remote gathering-sites or in an Infernalist's
service. They don't tend to wander around, although the occa-
sional demon might create such a creature as a means toa greater
end. Infernal hosts rarely last long; the beasts' innate corruption
erodes their flesh until the mortal remains themselves curdle and

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

INFERNAL IDENTITIES

Modern mystics generally divide infernal beings into
four classifications. Although most Dark Ages folk con-
sider all supernatural beasties to be Satan's handiwork, the
World of Darkness Storyteller knows them best as:

* Banes and fomori: The elemental spirits of corrup-
tion personified;

* astral demons, or devils: Umbrood spirits given
shape and purpose by conceptions of evil;

* outsiders, or demon hordes: Mind-shattering de-
vourers from deep space; and

 Bygones: Mythic creatures with especially nasty
dispositions.

Vampire: The Dark Ages characters know nothing
about such classifications; they are offered for system
clarification only. For all practical purposes, the medieval
vision of Hell's ranks is more true in this time period; spirits
tend to assume the form humans expect to see, The
following books offer more in-depth treatments of de-
monic entities: The Book of Madness, (Mage); Book of
the Wyrm (Werewolf); The Storyteller's Handbook and
Storyteller's Guide to the Sabbat (Vampire).

An Infernal Hierarchy

An exhaustive listing of even one version of the
infernal ranks would go beyond this chapter's scope, and
each culture sees these beings a little differently. For the
sake of general classification and power levels, assume that
demons follow this basic hierarchy:

* Lucifer, the Great Satan x \

* Arch-Dukes _ bi

* Dukes beso yy,

© Lords

Minor Lords

 Tempters

© Servitors

Infernal Hosts

Storytellers who use Mage or Werewolf rules can
consider the first three ranks to be Greater Entities,
Celestines and Incarna; lords, minor lords and tempters
would be Umbrood Lords and Preceptors or Totem Ava-
tars, while servitors would be Minions or Gafflings.

dissolve. Unless noted, infernal hosts have no demonic powers,
but share all of their weaknesses except for "barriers"; they already
exist in the mortal world (though they may enter Hell or the
Penumbra with help). Hosts cannot pump blood to help them;
their Blood Pool Trait is offered for Cainites who might try to
drink from one. Storytellers may feel free to do horrible things to
anyone stupid enough to do so.

Infernal hosts tend to be intelligent, deceptive and utterly
ruthless; the demons who command them are proud, clever, self:
absorbed and often cowardly in the face of some superior force.


Many know far more than they have a right to, and will reveal
secrets, drop ominous hints or make morbid jests just to unnerve
their opponents. Storytellers are advised to be discreet when using
demonic manifestations; even the weakest of them can turnasubtle
tale intoahigh-fantasy adventure. The appearance of some infernal
host or entity will almost always signal your troupe that worse is to
come, and might symbolize some greater conflict your characters
face — the struggle for humanity, an impending betrayal, the lure
of the Beast, etc. With good build-up and a weird atmosphere, a
simple meeting with a hellcat could become an unnerving chapter
in your Dark Ages chronicle.

DEMONHOUND

Dogs possessed, these creatures often turn night-black and grow
to disturbing proportions. Their eyes reflect the flames that wait
beyond, and spit sizzles on their massive fangs. Shadows seem to
thicken in their presence. Some Infernalists cultivate entire
demonhound packs, feeding them with serfs, enemies and careless
travelers. Others have them guard worship sites or private chambers.
No matter how it may appear, however, no human actually com-
mandsademonhound; the spirits inside only bide their time, awaiting
a signal from their true infernal masters...

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -5, Incapacitated.

Attack: Bite for 5 dice + Potence; claw for 4 dice + Potence

Abi s: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Stealth 3, Occult 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Fortitude 3, Potence 1

Blood Pool: 3, Willpower: 4

Doppelganger

Old tales tell of the demonic double who appears in your place,
commits crimes, then leaves you to take the blame. Such is the
doppelganger's art — to "become" a person for a short time, disrupt
her life and vanish. Such doubles rarely appear in front of their
subjects, although some have been known to torment them from
mirrors, shadows or pools of water before disappearing.

A doppelganger dosen't often fight; it prefers to drive the
character's loved ones or foes into a rage, then go off to find
another victim. The doppelganger can do inestimable damage to
a Cainite's reputation, or to her sanity. With Telepathy, the
creature can inject its own memories into its victim, making her
wonder if she really had done the things she was accused of!

Confronting and destroying the creature on your terms (if
you can) may be the only way to rid yourself of a doppelganger's
influence. Of course, it's also said that killing your double dooms
you as well...

Attributes: (As the character duplicated)

Health Levels: (see above)

Attack: (see above)

Abilities: Acting 5, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Subterfuge 5, Etiquette 3, Melee 2, Stealth 4, Survival 3,
Knowledges: (as the character duplicated)

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 3, Obfuscate 4, Presence 1

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: (see above)

CHAPTER NINE: ANT.

AGONISTS


The traditional demonic familiar, an imp can change its
shape to suit its purpose. Black cats, dogs, goats, mice, rams or
ravens and inched little man-creatures are infamous imp forms.
Regardless of its guise, an imp can speak in a variety of human
tongues, see into the soul and access uncanny wisdom. Most
solitary demon worshippers find themselves with an imp for com-
pany. Some of these hosts even gain real affection for theirchosen
people. Each imp has.apet name, like "Bramblefur," "Skittlebones"
or "Sagebelly," to which it answers; a stranger who speaks that
name aloud can cause the imp to depart forever.

While physically weak, an imp is tougher than it appears, and
can be damnably hard to hit. In a pinch, it can grow wicked claws
and shred an attacker, giving the imp time to escape. With a
thought, the host can join the shadows, or become a bat or bird and
fly away. Sometimes the creature may return to help its "mistress"
escape captivity; such salvation, however, isa bad thing tocounton.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, 3, -5, Incapacitated.

Attack: Claw, bite or both for 4 dice (aggravated)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 5, Empathy 3,
Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Stealth 6, Survival 2,
Academics 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 3, Occule 4

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 2, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 4,
Protean 4, Vicissitude 1

Blood Pool: 4, Willpower: 5

INcuBi/SuccuBt

The irony of a vampire seduced by one of these legendary
tempters should be obvious. Nevertheless, Cainites find such un-
earthly beauty as alluring as any mortal would, perhaps moreso.

Unlike most infernal hosts, an incubus or succubus may exist
indefinitely, so long as she stays sexually active. The life-force she
draws to the surface during sex sustains her at the expense of her
victim. Regardless of its gender (they may actually be the same thing
indifferent disguises), one of these hosts can entrance almost anyone
he, she or it pleases, enticing the target intoa whirlpool of carnal sins
far beyond mere lust. When the creature has had its fun, it leaves a
herd of shattered victims behind.

Tales tell of sexual demon-things who have existed since
time began, although these may be actual tempter devils, not
mere hosts. As unearthly as her beauty may appear, asuccubusstill
pales compared to a tempter demon in full form. By human
standards, she is a vision no mortal can match, and her skills
extend beyond her looks. With supernatural perceptions, the
infernal seducer gauges her target, then acts appropriately. Her
behavior may be shockingly blatant, quietly seductive or passively
virginal — whatever works best. Male incubi prefer to deflower
virgins and spoil them for any mortal lover, while female succubi
incite men to betray everything they hold sacred. Many seduce
their own sex, then drag the affair into the open and leave.

The secrecy and shame with many Europeans regard sex adds
to the damage the seducer himself can do. The Church advises
believers to deny the wills of the flesh; pagan mystics, however, have
more effective ways of dealing with sexual predators. By performing

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

pure sexual rituals — Great Rites — they drive incubi and succubi
away by sanctifying the act which the demons would debase. If
physically threatened, these creatures either transform into clawed
horrors, beg bystanders to come to their aid or simply hide.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 6,
Manipulation 6, Appearance 7, Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1,-1, -3, -5, Incapacitated.

Attack: Claw for 5 dice (aggravated)

Abilities: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 5, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 4, Etiquette 4, Melee 2,
Music 2, Ride 1, Stealth 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 4, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 3,
Presence 5, Protean 2

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 5

TEMPLATES: DEMONS

When the impossible happens and a demon creates a mate-
rial reflection of itself, all Hell really breaks loose. Unlike a
monster, the demon will not stand stupidly in place while a
vampire or priest pounds its body into hash. It will trick mortals
when it can, avoid them if possible and destroy them when no
other options exists. A demonic master often leavens his cruelty
with affection and generosity. To many serfs, a devil will be the
kindest master they might ever know — for a while.

Demons should be roleplayed for all they're worth. Silence
falls, winds gust (or cease), sudden freezes or bursts of fire greet the
infernal one's appearance, and any mortal or undead thing around
becomes almost nauseous with primal terror unless the devil
somehow cloaks itself. A demon's voice is velvet, sandpaper, garlic
or seawater; it smells of brimstone, honey or decay, and sends
ripples through the air itself. In most cases, an infernal power
disguises itself in some form a person could bear to see; it may
choose to become a seductive princess, a charming warrior or a
slavering horned thing, but most humans could look upon it
without flinching. When revealed in a shade of its true form,
however, any demon shocks any observer.

As stated above, all demons have powers they may use in
their material forms. Storytellers are advised to add any talents
they prefer; each devil is unique. The templates below offer some
options for general types. Drinking infernal blood can have
whatever freakish effects the Storyteller desires.

‘WarRIOR SERVITOR

The foot soldiers of Hell, these brutal servitors fight when-
ever possible. Although not stupid, they aren't subtle either.
When summoned, demon warriors prefer to disguise themselves
as powerful animals — lions, bears, bulls — or charismatic human
fighters, like berserkers or knights. It is said that many leave
bloody footprints wherever they go. In their true forms, they
appear as many-handed jumbles of thrashing limbs, staring eyes
and fanged maws. Their common names, like Kahlhil the Eater of
Babes, Ablu the Render and Tleesha the Flayed Patron of Spiders,
give blunt portraits of the demons' favored pastimes.

Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 5, Stamina 8, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 6, Appearance 0, Perception 6, Intelligence 4, Wits 5


Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -1, -3, -3,
-5, Dispelled

Attack: Claw for 9 dice + Potence; attack with weapons;
bite for 8 dice + Potence

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 5, Subterfuge 3, Melee 5, Stealth 2, Academics 2, Occult 5

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Daimoinon 3, Domina-
tion 3, Fortitude 4, Obtenebration 2, Potence 2, Presence 3,
Protean 2

Blood Pool: 15, Willpower: 8

TEMPTER

Attacking such a creature, it should be noted, would be
suicide. Fortunately for those who meet them, most temptersare too
finicky to fight personally. Instead, they prefer to corrupt mortals
and immortals alike with their many Knowledges, unearthly beauty
and infernal talents. Almost vain to a fault, they clothe themselves
as gorgeous humans or wondrous beasts, like unicorns, swans,
panthers, white lions and such. Even their most infernal forms
contain elements of unapproachable beauty. These demons prefer
noble names — Acaos Gamblegold or Dia the Vine Queen—to the
coarse monikers of their cousins.

Tempters are charming, diplomatic and sincere. To them, the
investment of a few mere months of behaving like one's best friend
is more than worth the eventual prize. Many actually enjoy human
company, and seem to regret consigning their "partners" to eventual
damnation. The human spirit fascinates most tempters; the hope
people have on Earth is far better than Hells despair. Perhaps they
loathe that hope for the same reason. What they cannot themselves
have, they destroy in others.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6, Charisma 8,
Manipulation 10, Appearance 10, Perception 6, Intelligence 7,
Wits 7

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -3, -3, -3, -5, -5,
Dispelled

Attack: Rend or bite for 7 dice + Potence; attack with
weapons + Potence

Abilities: Acting 6, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Empathy 8,
Intimidation 8, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 10, Etiquette 10, Melee 5,
Ride 3, Stealth 4, Academics 5, Bureaucracy 6, Linguistics 5, Occult 6.

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Chimerstry 5,
Dementation 2, Daimoinon 5, Dominate 5, Fortitude 5, Obfus-
cate 5, Obtenebration 3, Potence 2, Presence 5, Serpentis 2

Blood Pool: 25, Willpower: 10

CHAPTER NINE: HNTAGONISTS



Like one that on a lonesome road
Deth veatk in fear and dread,

Gnd having once turned round voatks on,
And tucns no more his head

Doth dose behind hin tread.

the Cneient Wlariner

WMeifs and Aavos

Merits and Aavos are optional Traits that
addcolor and flavor to your Vernpire the Dark
Ages chronicle. Wierits provide characters voith
some benefit, while Aavos act to their detri-
ment. Some of these Traits voill have little effect
ona game beyond a dash of style others could
urbalance a chronicle, completely change its
direction or create nevo plot devices.

APPENDIX


When you create a character, you are given 15 "freebie"
points to assign to whatever Traits you like, in order to give your
character the finishing touches that make her unique. The system
of Merits and Flaws expands on this idea, allowing you to further
personalize your character.

Merits may be purchased only with freebie points and only
during character conception. Flaws provide additional freebies to
spend, again, only during initial conception. You may take a
maximum of seven points of Flaws, limiting potential freebie
points toa total of 22. Some Merits and Flaws have variable point
costs; these Traits offer more options for character creation.

Merits and Flaws are provided to flesh out a character and
add new story hooks and details, not to allow power-gamers to
mini-max their characters into war machines. Players should
make sure that the Storytellerallows these options in the chronicle
before creating characters based around these options. The Sto-
ryteller is perfectly entitled to disallow any Merits or Flaws he
feels would be unbalancing, inappropriate or just plain silly.

APTITUDES

These Merits and Flaws establish your vampire's special
capacities and abilities, or modify the effects and powers of his
other Traits.

FAiMBIpexTrRous: (1 pt Merir)

You have a high degree of off-hand dexterity, and can
perform tasks with the "wrong" hand at no penalty. The normal
penalty for using both hands at once to perform different tasks
(such as fighting with a weapon in each hand) isa +1 difficulty for
the "right" hand and a +3 difficulty for the other hand.

Ear Foon: 0 pt Merit)

Youcan still eat food, an aptitude you picked up early in your
undead existence. Although your peers may find this disgusting,
you can pass for living with much greater ease.

Naraurat Lincurst: Q pr Merir)

You have a lair for languages. This Merit does not allow you
to learn more languages than the number permitted by your
Linguistics score, but you may add three dice to any Dice Pool
involving languages (both written and spoken).

Fast LEARNER: (5 pr Merit)

Youleam very quickly, and pick up on new things faster than
most. You gain one extra experience point at the conclusion of
each story (not each game session).

Jack-Or-At-T rapes: (5 post Merir)

You have a large pool of miscellaneous skills and knowledge
obtained through your extensive travels, the jobs you've held or
just all-around knowhow. You automatically have one dot in all
Skill and Knowledge Dice Pools. This is an illusory level, used
only to simulate a wide range of abilities. If the character trains or
spends experience in the Skill or Knowledge, he must pay the
point cost for the first level a "second time" before raising the Skill
or Knowledge to 2. This is obviously a rare Merit in the Dark
Medieval world, as so few people have a chance to learn more
than their trade.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Inept: (5 pr Fiaw)

Youare not attuned to your natural aptitudes, and therefore have
five fewer points to spend on your Talents (the most you could takeon
your Talents would be eight, and the least would be 0). Of course, you
can still spend freebie points to take Talents. However, you cannot,
at the start of the game, have any Talent at 3 or higher.

Unepucatep: (5 pt Fuaw)

You have received absolutely no education, and have five
fewer points tospend on your Knowledge Abilities (with eight being
the greatest you could have, and zero being the least). You can still
spend freebie points to take Knowledges. As part ofthis, you cannot
have any Knowledge higher than 3 at the beginning of the game.

UNSKILLED: (5 point Fiaw)

You have never trained extensively in any skill or craft, and
therefore have five fewer points to spend on your Skills (your
Skills would have eight points maximum, with zero as the mini-
mum). While freebies can be spent to raise your Skills, no Skill
may be higher than 3 at the beginning of the game.

FAWARENESS

These Merits and Flaws involve perception (or the lack thereof).
Acute Sense: (1 pr Merit)

You have exceptionally sharp hearing, smell, vision or taste.
The difficulties of all dice rolls that relate to the sense in question
(e.g., Perception + Awareness to hear a faint noise, taste poison
in food or see an oncoming attacker) are decreased by two.
Combined with Auspex, this Merit can grant truly superhuman

senses. This Merit can be purchased multiple times (a Cainite
could have Acute Vision and Acute Taste, for instance).

Cotor BLINDNEss: (1 pt Fiaw)

You can only see in black and white. Color means nothing
to you, although you are sensitive to color density, which you
perceiveas shades of gray. Note: color blindness actually indicates
an inability to distinguish between two colors, but we fudged abit
for the sake of playability.

Harp oF HEARING: (1 pT FLAW)

Your hearing is defective. The difficulties of all dice rolls
related to hearing are increased by two. You may not take Acute
Hearing if you take this Flaw.

Bap Sicut: (2 pt Fiaw)

Your sight is defective. The difficulties ofall dice rolls related to
vision are increased by two. This Flaw is neither nearsightedness not
farsightedness — it is a minor form of blindness. The impairment is
not correctable. You may not take Acute Vision if you take this Flaw.

One Eye: (2 pt Fiaw)

You have lost an eye, and cannot regenerate it You have no
peripheral vision on your blind side, and must roll two fewer dice
forany feat requiring depth perception (including missile combat).

DEnF: (4 pt Faw)

You cannot hear sound and automatically fail any rolls that
require hearing


BLIND: (© pt Flaw)

You automatically fail all dice rolls involving vision. You
cannot see — the world of color and light is lost to you.

CAINITE TIES

These Traits reflect your status among your vampiric fellows,
and any capabilities or drawbacks that result.

Boon: (1-3 pt Merit)

An elder owes you a favor because of something either you
or your sire once did for him. The extent of the boon owed to you
depends on how many points you spend. One point would
indicate a relatively minor boon, while three points would
indicate that the elder probably owes you his life.

Specian Girt: (1-3 pt Merit)

For some reason, your sire gave you a valuable gift after your
Embrace. The Storyteller should create something suitable. You
are free to make suggestions, but the final choice of item (as well
as how many points it is worth) lies with the Storyteller.

REPUTATION: (2 pT MERIT)

You have a good reputation among the vampires of your city.
You may have earned this reputation, or inherited it from your
sire. Add three dice to any Dice Pools involving social dealings
with the city's Cainites. A character with this Merit may not take
the Flaw Notoriety.

Pawn: G pt Merit)

You have a measure of control over another vampire, one of
higher generation than you. Your control might lie in the Blood
Oath, blackmail or some other means of coercion. Your pawn
might not even realize he's being controlled. In any event, you
must keep a careful eye on him, lest he slip his leash.

Enemy: (1-5 pt Fiaw)

Sometime in your life, or after your death for that matter, you
offended an unknown being with the power to cause you grief. The
power and influence of this enemy are determined by the Flaw's
value. Someone about your equal would be 1 point, while a
Methuselah or archwizard would be worth 5. You and the Story-
teller should discuss the severity of your enemy's hatred, and
whether or not you are aware of what is pursuing you. The Story-
teller awards the freebie points for this Flaw.

INFAMOUS SiRE: (1 pT Fraw)

Your sire is distrusted and disliked by the Cainites of your
home city. Pethaps he was dangerously insane, or pethaps he slew
hiskin without remorse or good reason. The vampires in your city
will distrust and dislike you by association, and this burden is not
easily shed; the sins of the fathers, after all...

Sires RESENTMENT: (1 pT FLAW)

Your sire dislikes you and wishes you ill. Given the smallest
opportunity, your sire will seek to do you harm, and may even
attack you if provoked. Your sire's friends will also work against

you. Good luck!

APPENDIX


Nororiety: (3 pt Fraw)

You have a bad reputation among your peers; perhaps you
violated the Traditions once too often, or you belong to an
unpopular coterie. You have a two dice penalty toall dice rolls for
social dealings with other Cainites. A character with this Flaw
may not take the Reputation Merit.

MENTAL

These Merits and Flaws deal with the mind — its strengths,
weaknesses and special capacities

CoMMON SENsE: (1 pt Meri)

You have a significant amount of practical, everyday wisdom.
Whenever you are about to do something contrary to common
sense, the Storyteller should alert you to how your potential action
might violate practicality. This is an ideal Merit if you are a novice
player; it allows you to receive advice from the Storyteller concern-
ing what youcan and cannot do, and (even more importantly) what
you should and should not do.

CONCENTRATION: (1 pT MERIT)

You have the ability to focus your mind and shut out any
distractions or annoyances, above and beyond normal vampiric
discipline. Any penalty to a difficulty or Dice Pool arising from a
distraction or other inauspicious circumstance is limited to two
points or dice. No extra benefits are gained if only one penalty die
or difficulty point is imposed.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

CELESTIAL ATTUNEMENT: (1 pT MERIT)

You have an innate link to the passage of time and the
movement of celestial bodies. You can estimate the time until
sunrise or unset withina minute or two, and can follow the phases
of the moon in your head. Those with some training in astrology
and this Merit can even foretell certain astrological conjunctions
without access to charts. You can accomplish any of these feats
with only a minimum of concentration.

Emetic Memory: (2 pt Merit)

You can remember things seen and heard with perfect detail.
By gaining at least one success on an Intelligence + Alertness roll,
you can recall any sight or sound accurately, even if you heard it or
glanced at it only once (although the difficulty of such a feat would
be high). Five successes enable you torecall an event perfectly. The
Storyteller relates to you exactly what was seen or heard.

LIGHT SLEEPER: (2 pt Merit)

You can awaken instantly at any sign of trouble, and do so
without any sleepiness or hesitation. Yourdice usable are not limited
by your Via rating, as actions during the day normally would be.

CaLM Heart: G pr Merir)

You are naturally calm and composed, and do not lose your
temper easily. Raise the difficulty of all frenzy rolls by two, no
matter how the incident is provoked.


TRON Wik: (4 pt Merit)

When you are determined and your mind is set, nothing can
divert you from your goals. You cannot be Dominated, and
supernatural creatures using mental attacks or magic against you
add three to their difficulties if you are aware of them and
resisting. However, the additional mental defense costs you one
Willpower per turn. Even if you are unaware of them, mages and
others seeking to influence you with magic or other abilities add
one to their difficulties.

SELF-CONFIDENCE: (5 pt Merit)

When you spend a point of Willpower to gain an automatic
success, your self-confidence may allow you to gain the benefit of
that expenditure without actually losing the Willpower point.
When you declare that you are using point of Willpower and roll
forsuccesses, youdo not lose the point of Willpowerunless you fail
This will also prevent you from botching, but only if you declare
that you are spending the Willpower point before you roll. This
Merit may only be used when you need confidence in your abilities
in order to succeed. You can use it only when the difficulty of your
roll is 6 or higher. You may spend Willpower at other times;
however, ifthe difficulty is 5 or less, this Merit will not help you.

DEEP SLEEPER? (1 pT FLAW)

You find it very difficult to awaken. Raise the difficulty by two
onany such roll, and roleplay yourconstant tardiness when meeting
with your coterie or trying to keep early evening appointments.
FAiMNEsiA: (2 pr FLaw)

Youare unable to remember anything about your mortal life.

Your past is a blank slate, and may come back to haunt you. You
may, if you wish, take up to five other points of Flaws without
specifying what they are. The Storyteller can supply the details.
Over the course of the chronicle, you and your character will
slowly discover them. Amnesia can be a dangerous Flaw; your
Storyteller is under no obligation to be merciful.

Conrusep: (2 pt Flaw)

You are often confused, and the world seems to be a very
distorted and twisted place. Sometimes you are simply unable to
make sense of things. You need to roleplay this behavior all the
time to a small degree, but your confusion becomes especially
strong whenever stimuli surround you (such as when a number of
different people talk all at once, or you enter a cavern with an
overpowering stench). You may spend Willpower to override the
effects of your confusion, but only temporarily.

‘WEAK-WILLED: (2 pt FLAW)

You are highly susceptible to Dominate and intimidation;
you are, in fact, unable to use your Willpower freely. You can
employ your Willpower only when survival is at stake or when it
is appropriate to your Nature.

FAisseNT-Minpen: (3 pt Faw)

This Flaw may not be taken with the Merit Concentration.
Though you do not forget such things as Knowledges and Skills,
youdo forget such things as names, titles and the last time you fed.

In order to remember anything more than your own name or the
location of your haven, you need to make a Wits roll or, as a last
resort, spend a Willpower point.

Morrat Society
Cuurcu Rank: (1-3 pt Merit)

You were part of the Church in life, and somehow maintain
the illusion that you still live, thereby still possessing some of the
advantages of church rank. You can influence local politics to
some extent, and locals respect you as a representative of God.
One point of this Merit might mean you are a summoner or
deacon; 2 a monk, nun or pardoner. Three points represents a
local friar or ranking monk. Higher rank (abbess, bishop and so
on) should only be allowed with the Storyteller's permission (and
an even higher cost) — these ranks carry a great amount of
influence, and a grave level of responsibility.

Nosy: G-3 pt Merir)

You possessed a mortal title before your Embrace and have
somehow managed to pass yourself off as alive. Consequently, the
advantages of nobility are open to you. You are presumed to be
landless unless you purchase the Resources Background. One
point of this Merit translates roughly as a minor title with little
prestige (aknight, say). With 2 points, you could bea baronet, and
with 3 you might be a minor baron. Higher titles should be given
to players only at the Storyteller's discretion. In the Dark Medi-
eval world, they represent great power, but require an equally
great amount of work to maintain.

Manss: (2 pt Merit)

You own a large manor — a home with 25 or more rooms — as
well as the surrounding estate. The servants, if you have any, are
provided for if you choose this Merit, although they cannot be used as
Herd or Retainers unless you purchase the appropriate Background.
The mansion is assumed to be fenced or walled in, and makes an
excellenthaven. While the mansion can be in as poor or as good repair
as you wish, the more inhabited it appears to be, the more attention
(from taxmen and the like) it will garner. Similarly, superstitious
mortals will go out of their way to avoid a "haunted" manor...

INSTITUTIONAL ConTROL: (2-5 pt Merit)

You begin play with absolute control over one mortal institu-
tion of your choice. Either you are the head of this institution, or
you have mastered its leader. In the first case, think about how you
will retain control without being able to appear to your followers
during the day (it may be impossible to remain in command for
long). If you control the mortal leader, then think about how you
keep him loyal. (Blackmail? The Blood Oath? Dominate? Pres-
ence?) The cost of the Merit depends upon the size and power of
the institution. Control of a small hermitage with six monks is a 2-
point Merit. To control an opulent monastery with 200 brothers
is a 5-point Merit. Plausible institutions include: monasteries and
friaries (3-5 points), cathedral chapters (monks attached to a
cathedral; 5 points), hermitages (2 points), hospitals (hostels for
the poor or sick; 3 points), city guilds (2 to 5 points, depending on
size and power), city law courts (3 points), ete.


Spy Network: (2 pt Merit)

You begin play with access to a group of mortals who fre-
quently bring you information on the daylight world or on faraway
places. Their information is both up-to-date and fairly reliable, and
they are not likely to lie to you. However, these cannot be used as
Alllies or Retainers (unless you have that Background, too); they
have their own aims. Why do they keep you informed? Do you pay
them? Perform occasional "favors" for them? Dominate their
leader? Or are they mortal friends and family? Also, how much do
they know about you? (The more they know, the better they can
search out relevant information and pursue useful rumors — but
the more damage they could do if they ever betrayed you.) A spy
network might be anything from a peasant family to a coven of
witches, a merchant family's underlings to a network of wandering
lepers. What they can discover will depend upon who they are;
different people move in different circles, after all.

KNOWN To BE Dean: (2 pt Fiaw)

Communities are small, and deaths and disappearances are
known toall. You originally lived in the area where the chronicle
isset, and the locals know that you are dead. Perhaps they saw you
die, or you were discovered in torpor and pronounced dead
(perhaps even buried). At the moment this causes you no prob-
lems — but if you use your real name or are spotted by people who
knew you, then youcan expect problems. Exorcists, pious knights
and others (perhaps even local Lupines) will seek to destroy you
demons, mages and others may come to offer you "assistance."

Warp: (3 pr FLaw)
You are devoted to the protection of a mortal. You may
describe your ward, though the Storyteller will actually create

her. This character is often a friend or relative from your living
days. Retainers do not count as wards, as they "pay their own
way." Wards have a talent for getting caught up in the action of
stories, and are frequent targets of a character's enemies.

Huntep: (4 pr Flaw)

You have come to the attention of a witch-hunter, or some
similar individual who now secks your destruction. This hunter is
beyond reason and has some form of power, influence or authority
that puts you at a disadvantage. Your friends, family and associ-
ates are likewise endangered. Sooner or later, this Flaw will result
in aconfrontation. The resolution should not be an easy one, and
until then, you are in for a hellish time.

SEcOND-CLASS CITIZEN: (2 pT Fiaw)

The simple happenstance of birth has made you a second-class
citizen in medieval Europe. This tends to come in two forms. First,
you might simply be female. Mortal men treat you as a natural
inferior, and many male Cainites also discriminate against you.
Furthermore, you must rationalize taking any combat-oriented skills
(Brawl, Melee or Archery) or certain Knowledges (Bureaucracy,
Finance, Academics) during character creation. Being a woman
usually precludes tuition in these typically exclusively male areas.

Alremately, you might be a member of disliked or persecuted
social group, and your appearance, speech or local reputation marks
yous a member of this group. You are excluded from local politics,

VAMPIRE: THE DHRK HGES


and are distrusted and hated by most local mortals. (Remember,
too, that many Cainites retain the prejudices of the societies which
bore or sustain them.) You may be an Arab in Western Europe, or
a Jew. Or perhaps you were a convicted thief, with a brand on your
face or forehead attesting to your conviction, or an infamous local
prostitute. You also might be a member of a resented immigrant
group (like a wealthy Norman in Wales). Either way, you can be
targeted by angry mobs needing a scapegoat...

Bear in mind that you need not take this Flaw! A female
vampire without this Flaw is simply assumed to be able to
overcome societal pressures and garner respect. Take this Flaw
only if you want to roleplay a vampire at a social disadvantage.

PHYSICAL

These Merits and Flaws deal with your health and physical
makeup, and the unusual physiology of the undead.

Douste-JomvTEp: (1 pt Merit)

You are unusually supple. Reduce the difficulty of any
Dexterity roll involving body flexibility by two. Squeezingthrough
a tiny space is one example of a use for this Merit.

SANGUINE Humor: (2 pt Merit)

The flush of life still seems to fill your veins; therefore, you
appear more human than other vampires. Your skin never paled
with death, younever really stopped breathing, and even sneezing
comes naturally. Youcan make your heart beat aslongas youhave
at least one Blood Point. Nosferatu may not take this Merit.

Mispiacep Heart: (2 pr Merit)

Your heart has actually moved within your body, though no

farther than two feet from its original position. You cannot be
staked unless your attacker knows the right location of your heart.
Obviously, you will want to keep this highly secret.

EFFICIENT DiGESTION: (3 pt MeriT)

You can draw more nourishment than usual from blood. You
increase your Blood Pool by three for every two Blood Points you
ingest, rounding down. For instance, taking four Blood Points in-
creases your Blood Pool by six, and so does drinking five Blood Points.

Huse Size: (4 pr Merir)

Youare abnormally large in size, possibly over seven feet tall and
400 pounds in weight. You therefore have one additional Health
Level and are able to suffer more harm before you are Incapacitated.
Treat this as an extra Health Level, with no penalties to rolls.

Snort: (1 pr Flaw)

You are well below average height and have trouble seeing
over high objects and moving quickly. You suffer a two-dice
penalty to all pursuit rolls, and you and the Storyteller should
make sure your height is taken into account in all situations. In
some circumstances, this will give you a concealment bonus.

‘Weak Bioop: (1 pt Flaw)

You are of the 13th generation, the product of a liberal
bloodline. As such, youare both less powerful than normal medieval
Cainites, and are looked down upon by them. You may only rise in
generation through diablerie, and will likely be hunted if you do so.

DisFicureD: (2 pt Flaw)

A hideous disfigurement makes you ugly and easy to notice
or remember. You therefore have a zero Appearance, much like
the Nosferatu (who cannot take this Flaw).

SELECTIVE DiGEsTION: (2 pt FLaw)

You can only digest certain types of blood. You may choose
whether you can only drink cold blood (that from a corpse), or
blood with the taste of a strong emotion (fear, joy, and so on) or
possibly only the blood of animals. This Flaw may not be taken by
Ventrue, who are already similarly limited by their clan weakness.

Cuitp: (3 pt Fuaw)

You were a small child at the time of your Embrace. Preco-
cious or not, youare still only a youngster. You have the Flaw Short
(see above), and find it difficult to be taken seriously by others
(two-dice penalty toall relevant rolls). Additionally, travelingon.
your own may prove difficult, to say nothing of wandering into a
tavern or brothel to feed.

DeForMITY: (3 pt FLAw)

You have some kind of deformity (a misshapen limb, a
hunchback, whatever) that affects your interactions with others
and may inconvenience you physically. The difficulties of all dice
rolls related to physical appearance are raised by two. Your
deformity will also raise the difficulty of some Dexterity rolls by
two, depending on the type of deformity you possess.

LAME: 3 pt Flaw)
Your legs are injured or otherwise prevented from working
effectively. You suffer a two-dice penalty to all dice rolls related

to movement. A character may not take this Flaw along with the
Merit Double-Jointed.

Leper: (3 pr FLAw)

Before you were Embraced you suffered from leprosy or askin
disease which might be easily confused with leprosy. Your Ap-
pearance may be no higher than 2, and your flesh is marred by
rashes, pale patches, festering sores, scars, etc. Your skin disease,
whatever it actually is, is obvious to any who look upon you.
Mortal authorities refuse you entry to any city, and you will be
treated with fear and revulsion. Very likely (Storyteller's discre-
tion) your condition is still contagious, though being undead it
cannot have any further effects on you, and you may transmit it
to those upon whom you feed. This Flaw is worth only 1 point to
Nosferatu, and then only if their disease is contagious.

OnE Arm: G pt Fraw)

You have only one arm — choose which, or determine
randomly at character creation. This could be a battle scar, birth
defect or other form of injury (which cannot be regenerated). It
isassumed that you are accustomed to using your remaining hand,
so you suffer no off-hand penalty. However, you do suffer a two-
dice penalty to any Dice Pool wherein two hands would normally
be needed to perform a task. A character may not take this Flaw
along with the Merit Ambidextrous (of course, there's little need).

APPENDIX


0
"3S

PERMANENT Wounp: G pt Flaw)

You suffered injuries during or just before the Embrace, which
your sire did nothing to repair. You start each night at the
Wounded Health Level. This can be healed like normal damage,
but each evening, after sleep, your wounds always return.

Mure: (4 pr Flaw)

Your vocal apparatus does not function, and you cannot
speak atall. You must communicate through other means, through
writing or signing. (American Sign Language obviously did not
exist during the Middle Ages, but there is an early form of
fingerspelling available to monks living under vows of silence and
deaf nobility. Remember that literacy is irregular in these times,
and only the educated would be able to read your messages.)

Tuin-BLoopen: (4 pr Flaw)

You have weak blood, and are unable to use it for anything but
sustaining yourself and healing your wounds. Blood cannot be used
to add to your Physical Attributes, to fuel blood Disciplines or to
enact the Blood Oath. Moreover, you will not alwaysbe able tocreate
a new vampire. Half the time the Embrace will simply not work.

PERSONALITY

These Merits and Flaws deal with the personality of your
character, and may describe ideals, motivations or pathologies.
Some Personality Flaws can be temporarily ignored by spending
Willpower points, and are so noted. If you possess such a Flaw and
do not roleplay it when the Storyteller thinks you should, then
she may tell you that you have spent a point of Willpower for the
effort. Flaws cannot be conveniently ignored.

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

Cope or Honor: (1 pt Merit)
Youhaveapersonal code of ethics to which youstrictly adhere.
Youcan automatically resist most temptations that would bring you
in conflict with your code. When battling supernatural persuasion
(Dominate, mind magic, etc.) that would make you violate your
code, you gain three extra dice to resist, ot your opponent's difficul-
ties are increased by two (Storyteller's choice). You must construct
your own personal code of honor in as much detail as you can,
outlining the general rules of conduct by which you abide.

HicHeER Purpose: (1 pt Merir)

Everyone has "reason to live," but you havea special commit-
ment to your existence. Your chosen goal drives and directs you
in everything. Youdo not concer yourself with petty matters and
casual concerns, because your higher purpose iseverything. Though
you may sometimes be herded along by this aim and find yourself
forced to behave in ways contrary to the needs of personal
survival, it can also grant you great inner strength. You gain two
extra dice on any roll that has something to do with your
particular goal. You will need to decide what your higher purpose
is; make sure you talk it over with the Storyteller first. (Youcannot
take both this Merit and the Flaw Driving Goal.)

BERSERKER: (2 pt Merit)

You can direct the Beast better than most, and can frenzy at
will (thus ignoring wound penalties). However, you must still pay
the consequences of your actions in frenzy, and your chance of
unwillingly entering frenzy is unaffected.


Dua Nature: (2 pr Merit)

You have two distinct yet compatible Natures, both of which
influence your personality. You may regain Willpower using both
Natures. You may still choose a Demeanor, one as different from
your Natures as you like. This Merit is not the same as having
multiple personalities (which is a Derangement).

CompuLsion: (1 pt Fiaw)

You have a compulsion of some sort, which can cause you a
number of different problems. Your compulsion may be for clean-
liness, perfection, bragging, stealing, gambling, exaggeration or
just talking too much. A compulsion can be temporarily avoided
at the cost of a Willpower point, but itis in effect at all other times.

INTOLERANCE/ HatreD: (1 ~ 3 pt Flaw)

You have an unreasoning dislike of certain thing. Youmay
loathe a species of animal, a class of person, a situation or just
about anything else, and you constantly pursue opportunities to
harm the hated object or to gain power over it. If you are merely
intolerant (the L-point version of this Flaw), the difficulties ofall
your dice rolls involving the subject are increased by two. If you
hold actual hatred (worth 3 points), you must make a frenzy roll
whenever confronted with the subject of your hate. Note that
some things are just too trivial to be angered by — intolerance of
Chinese cooking or hatred of red-haired Sicilian cobblers will
have little effect on most Dark Ages chronicles. The Storyteller
is the final arbiter on what you can pick to dislike or hate.

Nicurmares: (1 pt Fiaw)

You experience horrendous dreams every time you sleep,

and memories of them haunt you during your waking hours.
Sometimes the nightmares (or daymares, if you prefer) are so bad
they cause you to lose one die on all youractions for the next night
(Storyteller's discretion). Some of the nightmares may be so
intense that you mistake them for reality. A crafty Storyteller will
be quick to take advantage of this.

Puosir: (or 3 pt Flaw)

You have an overpowering and irrational fear of something.
You instinctively and illogically retreat from and avoid the object
of your fear. Common objects of phobias include certain animals,
insects, crowds, open spaces, confined spaces and heights. You
must make a Willpower roll whenever you encounter the object of
your fear. The difficulty of this roll is determined by the Storyteller,
and depends on the circumstances. The consequences of failure
depend on the severity of the Flaw. If you have taken a 1-point
phobia, you must retreat from the object upon failure. Ifthe fear is
worth 3 points, you will not approach the object with fewer than
three successes (even if the roll succeeds). If you fail the roll, you
will enter Rétschreck and flee in terror. The Storyteller has final
say over which phobias she will allow in a chronicle.

Prey Exciusion: A pt Flaw)

You refuse to feed from a certain class of prey. For example,
a pacifistic hermit might avoid feeding from humans, or an
erudite vampire might decide to spare scholars ot musicians. You
become angry when others prey on this class, and might enter

frenzy (Storyteller's discretion). If you accidentally feed upon this
class of prey yourself, you will automatically frenzy and will need
to make a Via roll (difficulty 8 or higher) to avoid losing ground
to the Beast. This Flaw is not as restrictive as the Ventrue
limitation, and therefore cannot be taken by Ventrue characters.

OVERCONFIDENT: (1 pt FLAW)

You have an exaggerated and unshakable opinion of your
own worth and capabilities — you never hesitate to trust your
abilities, even in situations in which you risk defeat. Because your
abilities may not be enough, such overconfidence can be very
dangerous. When you do fail, you quickly find someone or
something else to blame. If you are convincing enough, you can
infect others with your overconfidence.

Low Setr-IMaGE: (2 pt FLaw)

You lack self-confidence and don't believe in yourself. Youhave
two fewer dice in situations in which you don't expect to succeed (at
the Storyteller's discretion, though the penalty might be limited to
one die if you help her by pointing out times when this Flaw might
affect you). At the Storyteller's option, you may be required to make
Willpower rolls to do things that require self-confidence, or even to
use a Willpower point when others would not be obliged to do so.

Sort-HEARTED: (2 pT FLuw)

You cannot stand to see others suffer; perhaps you are very
compassionate, or pethaps you simply dislike the intensity of emo-
tion. If youare the direct cause of suffering, and you witness it, you will
experience nights of nausea and days of sleepless grief. You avoid
situations in which you might have to witness suffering, and will do
anything to protect others from it. Whenever you must witness
suffering, difficulties ofall rolls are increased by two for the next hour.

TERRITORIAL: (2 pT FLAW)

Youdonotllike toleave your territory, nordo you like tohave
strangers enterit. In fact, you get so nervous and disoriented while
outside your territory that the difficulties of all your rolls are
increased by one. In addition, you must make a frenzy roll when
other vampires enter your territory, unless they obtain your
permission to pass through.

VENGEANCE: (2 pt FLaw)

You have a score to settle —a friend was corrupted, a parent
was slain, whatever. You are obsessed with wreaking vengeance on
the guilty party. Revenge is your first priority in all situations. The
need for vengeance can only be overcome by spending Willpower
points, and even then, it only temporarily subsides. Some day you
may have your revenge, but the Storyteller won't make it easy.

Drivinec Goat: (3 pt Faw)

You have a personal goal, which sometimes compels and
directs you in startling ways. The goal is always limitless in depth,
and you can never truly achieve it. It could be to overthrow the
Church or achieve total enlightenment. Because you must work
toward your goal throughout the chronicle (though you can avoid
it for short periods by spending Willpower), it will get you into
trouble and may jeopardize other actions. Choose your goal care-
fully, as it will direct and focus of everything your character does.

APPENDIX


SUPERNATURAL

These Merits and Flaws are different kinds of supernatural
benefits or detriments. Although rare in the extreme, they are
still more common in this superstitious age than in other times.
Because of the potential of these particular Traits, the Storyteller
might not allow you to pick from this category; ask before you
choose one. Furthermore, you should notselect such Traits unless
they firmly fit your character concept, and you can explain why
your character possesses them. In general, we do not recommend
that anyone have more than one or two supernatural Merits or
Flaws — they should be strictly controlled by the Storyteller.

True Love: (1 pt Merit)

You have discovered, and possibly lost (at least temporarily)
a true love. Nonetheless, this love provides joy in an existence
usually barren of such enlightened emotions. Whenever you are
suffering, in danger or dejected, the thought of your true love is
enough to give you the strength to persevere. In game terms, this
love allows you to succeed automatically on any Willpower roll,
but only when you are actively striving to protect or come closer
to your true love. Also, the power of your love may be powerful
enough to protect you from other supernatural forces (Storyteller's

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES

discretion). However, your true love may also be a hindrance and
require aid (or even rescue) from time to time. Be forewarned: this
is a most exacting Merit to play over the course of a chronicle.

DANGER SENSE: (2 pt MERIT)

You have a sixth sense that warns you of danger. When you
are in danger, the Storytellershould make asecretroll against your
Perception + Alertness; the difficulty depends on the remoteness
of the danger. Ifthe roll succeeds, the Storyteller tells you that you
have a sense of foreboding. Multiple successes may refine the
feeling and give an indication of direction, distance or nature.

FAERIE ArFiniry: (2 pr Merit)

Your presence does not frighten faeries; indeed, it attracts
them, and you are naturally attuned to theit ways. You may even
share some small amount of faerie blood. Of course, God only
knows what will happen to you should you traffic overmuch with
the Fair Folk

CINBONDABLE: (3 pt Merit)

No matter how much blood you drink from other vampires,
you can never fall under the Blood Oath. You will never live the
life of the Thrall.


Luck: (4 pt Merir)

You were born lucky, or maybe the Devil looks after his own.
Either way, you can repeat three failed rolls per story. Only one
repeat attempt may be made on any single roll.

True Fairi: (7 pt Merit)

You have a deep-seated faith in and love for God, or whatever
name you choose to call the Almighty. You begin the game with 1
point of Faith (a Trait with a range of 1-10). This faith provides you
with an inner strength and comfort that continues to support you
whenall else betrays you. Perhaps you hold this faith from before your
Embrace. Perhaps, incredibly enough, you gained your faith in spite
of the adversity of your undead existence.

Your Faith adds to Willpower and Virtue rolls, giving +1 to
the Dice Pool for each point in Faith. The exact supernatural
effects of Faith, if any, are completely up to the Storyteller,
although it will typically repel vampires. (Basically, the character
must make a Faith roll against a difficulty of the vampire's
Willpower to repel him. Each success forces the Cainite to take
one step back; if the character places her holy symbol against the
vampire's body, she inflicts one Health Level of damage on him
per success.) The effects will certainly vary from person to person,
and will almost never be obvious — some of the most saintly
people have never performed a miracle greater than managing to
ease the suffering of an injured soul. The nature of any miracles you
do perform will usually be tied to your own Nature, and you may
never realize that you have been aided by a force beyond yourself.

No one may start the game with more than 1 Faith point.
Additional points are only awarded at the Storyteller'sdiscretion,
based on appropriate behavior and deeds.

TAINT oF Corruption: (1 pt FLaw)

Plants wither at your approach and die at your touch. Some
vampires believe that Caine himself possesses this Flaw.

DeEMON-Hounpen: (1-4 pt Flaw)

A demon has taken a special interest in your soul. She appears to
you occasionally, using threats, bribes and honeyed words to win you
toher cause. Sometimes she just asks you to perform innocuous favors
for her. Sometimes she asks you to sell your soul. Sometimes she offers
favors or information without any apparent catch. In any case, it isnot
your interests she serves, but those of her diabolical masters. All of her
plots are ultimately designed to ensnare you and win your soul. A
minor demon (1-point Flaw) may be an annoying imp, incapable of no
more than distracting you, thieving small items and pleading for your
soul; its plans are unimpressive, but can be frustrating. A greater
creature (4 points) is your physical equal and can concoct horribly
devious plans to win your soul. In either case the Storytellercreates the
character for the demon, and keeps track of its plots.

REPULSED BY GARLIC: (2 pT FLAW)
Youcannot abide the smell of garlic, and the tiniest whiff ofits
scent will drive you from a room. The full force of its odor will bring
bloody tears to your face, nearly blinding you, while its touch can
cause boils and even wounds (Storyteller's discretion for damage).
In these times, most peasants believe that garlic drives away evil
spitits, so it can be fairly commonly encountered. Be careful.

HAUNTED: (3 pr FLAW)

Youare haunted by a ghost that only you (and mediums) can
see and hear. It actively dislikes you and enjoys making your life
miserable by insulting, berating and distracting you, especially
when you need to keep your cool. It also has a number of minor
powers it can use against you (once per story for each power):
hiding small objects; bringing a "chill" over others, making them
very ill at ease with you; causing a loud buzzing in your ear or the
ears of others; moving a small object such as a knife or quill;
breaking a fragile item such asa bottle or mirror; tripping you or
making eerie noises, such as chains rattling. Yelling at the ghost
can sometimes drive it away, but it will confuse those around you.
The Storyteller will likely personify the ghost in order to make
things all the more frustrating for you. (More ideas for this Flaw
can be obtained from Wraith: The Oblivion.)

Dark Fare: (5 pt Flaw)

You are doomed to experience a most horrible end or, worse,
suffer eternal agony. In the end, all your efforts, your struggles and
your dreams will come to naught. Your fate is certain, and there is
nothing you can do about it. Even more ghastly, you have partial
knowledge of this, for you occasionally have visions of your fate —
and they are most disturbing. The malaise these visions inspire in
you can only be overcome through the use of Willpower, and the
malaise will return after each vision. Atsome point in the chronicle,
you will indeed face your fate, but when and how is completely up
to the Storyteller. Though you can't do anything about your fate,
you can still attempt to reach some goal before it occurs, or at least
try to make sure that your friends are not destroyed as well. This is
a difficult Flaw to roleplay; though it may seem as if it takes away all
free will, we have found that, ironically, it grants freedom.

AWDDITIONAL
BACKGROUND

In the following section you will find more detailed informa-
tion on subjects which may crop up in your chronicle (such as the
medieval money system).

Money

Medieval Europe has a pretty strange system of coinage.The
subject gets very complicated, and it usually isn't going to be impor-
tant. What do the characters want to buy? Just describe goods and
services in relative terms (e.g., "it isn't expensive," "it's out of your
reach," "if you buy this, you'll be broke for a month"). But for those
interested in the nitty-gritty details of the monetary system, read on.

The basic currency is the penny, acoin supposedly made of silver
but heavily debased, even in this period. The value of a penny varies
wildly, depending on the quality of the latest harvest, the purity of the
silver in the coin, etc. Some countries' pennies use much purer silver
than others; some coins are so debased that they are virtually made of
copper (called "black money" as it blackens with age). Everything is
more expensive when harvests are poor, and prices fall when food is
plentiful. On average, assume that a laborer would earn about three
pennies per day, just enough to feed himself and pay his rent. Few
medieval people have money to spend on luxuries.

APPENDIX


Large amounts are figured in shillings and Librum. There are

12 pennies to one shilling, and 20 shillings (or 240 pennies) per
Librum. Shillings and Librum coins do not physically exist,
however — they are just accounting conventions. Only pennies,
half-pennies and quarter-pennies circulate.

And of course, most people have little or no contact with
money. Most medieval people are farmers, who grow theit own
food and often make their own pots, clothes, tools and shoes. If
they need to buy anything they barter — two chickens for that
pair of shoes, one cow for that bolt of cloth, and so on.

Dark Aces EQuipMENT

Possession and ownership in the Dark Medieval world are
not rights but privileges, and ones reserved for those of status. The
lowly serf owns nothing, not even his own body. A freeman owns
ascantamount, probably only that which he requires to scavenge
sustenance from the soil.

A parish priest is usually from common stock, and lives barely
more comfortably than his peasant brethren, if not on an even par
should he be true to his vows of poverty. A monk or scribe might have
access to larger funds, whether his own that have been squitreled away
or those belonging to the monastery or church. A bishop has consid-
erable funds of both kinds at his disposal.

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK HGES

The nobility is easily the wealthiest group among the social
classes. Lowly knights may be lean on money and could lack any
holdings, but are still better off than peasants. Lords and overlords
hold moderate to grandiose estates, ranging from small manors to
countries, with all appropriate access to currency or trade goods.

The following isa list of objects that vampires may wish to
acquire orhave their proxies purchase. It's based on the Resources
Background Trait. Simply find the item that the character is
interested in and compare his Resources score (if any) to the
Resources Requirement. If the character's score is equal or higher,
the item is available — in theory. No actual coins are counted.
Indeed, objects could be acquired through barter of goods or
services as quickly as purchased with coin.

Rarity isan indication ofhow difficult itis toacquire an item,
whether based on local population, economy, natural resourcesor
demand. Characters might find a barge at a river wharf, but
probably don't find any large ships. The storyteller may adjust the
availability of items as suits the story. Rarity is simply a bench-
mark. Ifa desired item seems completely out of place for a setting,
increase its Resources Requirement. If the item should be readily
available, decrease its rating.

Ifan item is common to everyone orcan be acquired without
making a purchase, it has a Resources Requirement of zero —
even a serf could have one.


E@QuipMENT List

Item Resource
Requirement
Armor, heavy eee
Armor, light
Armor, composite
Armor, knights'
Arrows, dozen
Banquet, extravagant
Banquet, simple
Battle axe
Boat, merchant
Boat, river
Boat, row
Book, blank
Book, illuminated
Bow
Bribe, guard
Bribe, knight
Bribe, scribe
Chain
Chicken
Clothes, extravagant
Clothes, ragged
Clothes, simple
Club
Coach
"Companionship"
Crossbow bolts, dozen
Crossbow
Crucifix, ornate
Crucifix, simple
Dagger
Great sword
Halberd
(eae

Rarity

Rare
Common
Uncommon
Very Rare
Uncommon
Rare
Common
Uncommon
Very Rare
Rare
Uncommon
Rare

Very Rare
Uncommon
Common
Rare
Uncommon
Uncommon
Common
Uncommon
Common
Common
Common
Rare
Common
Uncommon
Uncommon
Uncommon
Common
Common
Rare
Uncommon

Hammer

Hatchet

Holy water, pint
Horse tackle and bags
Horse, good quality
Horse, poor quality
Inn room, one night
Jewelry, homemade
Jewelry, ornate
Jewelry, simple

Mace

Meal for one, extravagant
Meal for one, simple
Mining gear

Mule

Ox

Pig

Plow

Rope

"Saint's relic"

Salt, bag

Serfs

Servants

Shield, knight's
Shield, simple

Spear

Staff

Sword

Traveling gear
Wagon

Warhammer
Wooden Stake

Resource
Requirement

Rarity

Common
Common
Rare
Uncommon
Rare
Uncommon
Common
Common
Rare
Uncommon
Uncommon
Uncommon
Common
Uncommon
Uncommon
Uncommon
Common
Common
Common
Rare
Uncommon
Common
Common
Rare
Uncommon
Common
Common
Uncommon
Common
Common
Uncommon
Common

Rt MHD

APPENDIX


Rebel 112 Gangrel 84
Reference Chart 102 Lasombra 85
Rogue 113 Malkavians 86
Survivor 113 Nosferatu 87
Tyrant 113 Ravnos 88
Attributes 99, 117 Reference Chart
Mental 119 Toreador 89
Academics 125 Intelligence 119 Tremere 90
Hearth Wisdom 125 Perception 119 Tzimisce 91
Investigation 126 Wits 119 Ventrue 93
Law 126 Physical 117 Clergy 46
Linguistics 126 Dexterity 117 Cold 201
Medicine 126 Stamina 117 Combat 187
Occult 12 Strength 117 Armor 192
Politics 127 Social 117 Armor Chart 193
Science 128 Appearance 118 Attack 188
Seneschal 128 Charisma 117
Skills 122 Manipulation 118
Animal Ken 122 Automatic Successes 178 Freeform 190
Archery 123 Initiative 188
Crafts 123 B Ambushes. 188

Etiquette 123 Backgrounds 100, 128 Lala fer
Herbalism 123 Aaa Rested Rall
Melee 123 Be oh Resolution
Music 124 Shields 193

Generation 29
Ride 124 Borie. ! Special Mancuvers 193
Stealth 125 setae Successes 193

Survival 125 Site 109 Summary Chart 189

- Reference Chart 103
Acting 120 Resources 130

Thrown Weapons 191
Weapons 190
Weapons Chart 191

Complications 178

Talents 120

Alertness 120 Retainers 130
Athletics 120 Status 130

epistt ey Blood Hunt 43 ey
Dodge 121 Seep Crossover Rules 267
Exopesliy 121 Blood Pool 101, 136 D
Intimidation 121 BLcttinee
Parcesty 121 Baali 242 Degeneration 135
Leadership 121 goyles 243 Demeanor 99, 109, 198
Aggravated Wounds 198 c alate sae
Antagonists 235
Antediluvians 36 Caine 34
Archetypes 109 ‘ainite Heresy, The 48
Autocrat 109 iff 34, 93
Barbarian 109 Changeling: The Dreaming 263
Caretaker 110 Character Creation 98, 104
Celebrant 110 Quick Reference 102
Child 110 Character Development 196
Defender 110 Character Sheet 284
Fanatic 110 Characters 23
Gallant 110 Chronicle 222
Innovator 111 Church, The 236
Jester 111 Clans 26, 54
Judge 111 Assamites. 80
Loner 111 Brujah 81
Penitent 112 Followers of Set 83

Coteries 23

Infernal Identities 266
Templates 269
Weaknesses 269
Derangements 203
Difficulties 1
Reference Table 177
Disciplines 100, 139
Advanced Disciplines 140
Animalism 141
Cowing the Beast 142
Drawing Out the Beast 142
Feral Speech 141
Noah's Call 141
Quickened Unity 143
Ride the Wild Mind 142
Auspex 143
Anima Walk 145

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AC


Farsight 145
Heightened Senses 143
Soulsight 144
Spirit's Touch, The 144
Steal Secrets 144
Body Armory 173
Celerity 146
Chimerstry 146
Apparition 146
Dweomer 146
Horrid Reality 146
Ignis Fatuus 146
Mass Horror 147
Permanency 146
Daimoinon 147
Curse 148
Fear of the Void Below 147
Flames of the Netherworld 147
Ignore the Searing Flames 148
Psychomachia 148
Sense the Sin 147
Dementation 148
Confusion 149
Eyes of Chaos 148
Haunt the Soul 148
Howling Lunacy 149
Incubus Passion 148
Kiss of the Moon 149
Dominate 150
Fealty 151
Lure of Subtle Whispers 151
Murmur of the False Will 151

Observance of the Spoken Word

150
Reveler's Memory 151
Vessel 15

Fortitude 1

Hatch the Viper 164

Mortis 152
Awaken 152
Black Death 153
Blight 152
Death's Whisper 152
Masque of Death 152
Vigor Mortis. 153

Obfuseate 153
Cloak of Shadows 154
Cloak the Gathering 155
Mask of a Thousand Faces
Soul Mask 1

Unseen Presence 154

Vanish From the Mind's Eye 155

Obtenebration 155
Arms of Ahriman 156
Nightshades 157
Nocturne 156
Shadow Play 156

Tenebrous Form 157
Walk The Abyss 157
Potence 157
Presence 157
Awe 158
Dread Gaze 158
Entrancement 158
Majesty 159
Passion 159
Summon 158
Protean 160
Blissful Slumber 161
Body of Spirit 161
Form of the Be:
Interred in the
Talons of the Beast 160
Witness of Darkness 160
Quictus 161
Blood Agony 162
Blood Essence 163
Blood Sweat 163
Disease 162
Silence of Death 161
Weakness 161
Reference Chart 103
Retain the Quick Blood 162
Serpentis 163
Bitumenous Flesh 163
Breath of the Basilisk 164
Cheat Thoth's Scale 163
Eyes of the Serpent, The 163
Form of the Cobra, The 163
Tongue of the Asp, The 163
Thaumaturgy 164
Animate the Unmoving 168
Blood of Potency 165
Blood Rage 165
Blood to Water 167
Cauldron of Blood 165
Creo Ignem 165
Dehydrate 167
Elemental Strength 168
Eyes of the Sea 166
Flowing Wall 167
Prison of Water 166
Rego Aquam 166
Rego Elementum 168
Rego Motus 166
Rego Tempestas 166
Rego Vitae 164
Rituals 168
Summon Elemental 168
Taste for Blood, A164
Theft of Vitae 165
Wooden Tongues 168
Vicissitude 172
Ascendancy of the Sanguine

Humor 173
Awaken the Zulo Shape 173
Chiropteran Marauder 173
Malleable Visage 172
Rend the Osseous Frame 173
Transmogrify the Mortal Clay
17

Disease 201

Domain 37

E

Elysium 42
Equipment 101, 282
Sample Equipment List 283
Exorcists 240
Exorcism Difficulty Table
Experience 196
Experience Chart 196
Reference Chart 103
Spending Experience 196
Extended Actions 178

F

Faeries 51, 262
And Vampires 266
Customs 265
Drinking the Blood of 262
Faerie Places 265
Templates 266
Types of 262
Faith
Rating Table 237
Falling 199
Table 199
Final Death 198
Fire 200
Table
Flaws 271
Freebie Points 101
nce Chart 103

Difficulty Table 202
G

Game Terms 176

Gauntlet, The 246

Generations 34
Reference Table 137

Geography 49

Ghouls 37

Glamour 261, 265

Golconda 34

Golden Rule, The 179

APPENDIX


Halos 145
Healing 198
Health 137
Health Levels
Chart 199
Reference Table 137
Hierarchy of Blood 47
Hierarchy of Sins 135
Horses 195

I

Injury 198
Inquisitors 239

K
Knights Templar 46, 51, 240
L

Labyrinths 42
Law 50
Lexicon 2

Lextalionis 42

M

Mage: The Ascension 253
Magi 51, 248

Templates 254
Magic 249

Styles 250
Magic and Magick 251
Merchants 46, 241
Merits 271
Miracles 239
Money 281
Mortal Death 199
Mounted Combat 195
Multiple Actions 186

N

Nature 99, 109, 198
Nobility 45, 241

oO
Ordeals 43
P

Paths of Power 164
Peasants 45
Plagues 47

Players 23

Prelude 105

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AC

Prince 36
Problems and Powers 26

R

Ratings 177
Relics 237
Holy Water 238
Religious Orders 240
Resisted Actions 178
Resources 29
Road 33
Roads 99, 113
Beast 113
Blood 114
Chivalry 114
Devil 114
Heaven 114
Humanity 115
Paradox 115
Reference Chart 102
Typhon 116
Rolling Dice 175
Examples 180
Rotschreck 202
Difficulty Table 203
Rule of One, The 178

Rules 225
S

Scene 186
Sects 39
Autarkis 40
Furores 40
Inconnu 40
Manus Nigrum 41
Order of the Bitter Ashes, The 40
Promethians 41
Setting 223
Social Mobility 36
Specialties 101
Stakes 201
Story 229
Storyteller
Storytelling 219
Sunlight 200
Table 200
Supporting Characters 224
Systems 207
Mental Systems 211
Search 211
Track 211
Physical Systems 207
Awakening 208
Climbing 208
Feats of Strength 208
Jumpi

uit 208
Shadowing
Sneaking 210
Swimming 210

Social Systems 211
Credibility 211
Fast-Talk 211
Interrogation 211
Oration 211
Performances 211

Seduction 211

-

Taxes 46
Teamwork 178
Theme 229
Time 186

Torpor 201
Traditions 38, 39
Traits 109
Troupe 220

True Faith 236
Turn 186

Vv

Via 33, 101, 132
Rating Table 201

Virtues 100, 131
Conscience/Conviction 131
Courage 132
Self-Control/Instinct 131

WwW

Werewolf: The Apocalypse 246
Werewolves 51, 243
Drinking the Blood of 247
Kinfolk 246
Spirit World, The 246
lates 246
Tribes 244
Willpower 101, 135
Winning and Losing 24
Women, The Role of 47
Wraith: The Obliv 258
Wraithly History
Wraiths 51, 257
And Vampires 259
Haunts 261
Shadows 259
Templates 261
World of Wraiths, The 258


f ‘

5 STORYTELUNG GHME
OF GOTHIC HORROR

‘Ths, ey chilies, is the Lome Night.
J, The Age of Learning is toppied and tergeticn,
J The Age of the Danpive drowned he Me own bile.
. Theis is ant Agee Darkmess.
se

Look there, my childer, upom the tigheless wild places
> Where ae law culvts save that of teeth and taten,
@ *  Beteold (he heman cities, as well,
Whrere we may be as lorts whew the sum petiers gad des.

10 the sage ones cote Mesett ary medion s.
O8 the huskies the wiih shapers.
. or cd the PU inset. j

Het steve all my ibilder, Meware ome amottier,
Tor wr shad! steers be our owe direst bees

This, oy clilidiew, 45 five Lang Night,
Mt bs thrinne :
