# File: Veil of Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

a

rd
SOURCEBOOK 5GR
PIRE: THE DARKMRIGES®


By Curis HARTFORD, ELLEN KiLey, JAMES KILEY,
Miciae. Lee, Sirnn Roark, Lucien SouLBAN
AND Apa TinworTH


ba the right t eIAF IHIOON
/ ~/

ris ras /
im the month of Raajab, ehe (Prophet prt on hie robe and vent oust

into the desert to conternplnte the sont
the citsy bust ae he care spor his Int

Prophets aesinns thin, evicd ont the samme of Allah the (Meeciful.
Ins

sevwtant, heaving his sraster's voice, vuasher from the Inet and sev

the ercatsare syith his svord. The Uade hit into the smonstert« side, bust ct

land if pleasce we to

b you the people evil be sade to vvershyi
TNF ip

Se, AND ¢ thee

rons and Dataghters to sastaniey ye few

f tox men, and your bones


Vest, san and dfouw together, St dlifive serait few those

theiv farce to Alloy amin wepert."

Aeawinngs this, the cveature lowes hyd and sized the Prophet byy the throat: ‘es
joes, he os wolf, soper spade and closed om (/ Vasharurrar's twat. Teast then

UMeclarnma end out the name of Gad, ant the moniter fill lak, comin ost

ain. Che (Prophets shiva shore her iron hot from the for

The strength of

hie fash seras lle 9 vsxind, Driving the ereatuare to its lowes: (And the wonater

vealed that fer all its pore ite strenaitly vynas of the cavth asbone, and the eavtly

srs Poormnd to ond "Crudyy J amy ne it said. "CT heve is no Ge base

Allah, dom (Mishinwvvns to be (Poo

Hescions eh, the Prophet dapper bahands ov took the create
shoulers, lifes co ate fest. Thom chew esse ota the (Proplat's Inet Me


Creoirs Spee HANKS
Authors: ChrisHartfond (Blessings of the Faithful), » Michael B. Lee and Sarah Roark for spo
(Under the Crescent), James Kiley (Arrayed rors on my part.
st the Night), Michael Lee (‘Asabiyya, Roads),

an for all hishelp with Arabic and
ah Roark (Ba ens (Dara

‘nts in this book. Any mistakes are mine and
s. This whire boy is in his debt

‘The Four-Dollar-

for much needed

Art Director: Becky J
& Typeset
Interior Arts Mitch Bytd, MikeChaney, Guy Davis,
nl Kane F LeBlanc,

drew Tucker and Conar ,
1 Cover Art: Brian LeBlanc
Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

©2001 White Wolf Publishing, Ine. All rights reserved. Reproduce

735 PARK NORTH BLD cies seichout the written permission of the puiblisher ix expressly

forbidden e the purposes of reviews, andl for blank character
SUITE 128 1s, which may be reproduced for personal use only, White Wolf
Vainpire asqueracle, Vampire the Dark A\
Claniston, CA 30021 the Ascension, Work! of Dakss and Aber a
ks of White Wolf Publis All rights reserved
0 aith the Oblivion, Changelis
PUBLISHING oming, Hunter the Keckoning, Werewolf the Wild West
the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Gi Trinity, Veil o
Basret, Clanbook Cappade S
Kindred of the East, Libellus San : ¢ Doar, Likellus Sanguin
ul Lackey, Lost Paths, Muamuiy ¢h 9, Silent Striders Tribeln
Ashen Knight, The Ashen Thiel, Werewolf Pa
1d) of Darkness Blood and Silk and Year of the
13 reserved. Allch names, places anal text herein ate copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing. Ine
; in these pages is not « challenge to the trademark
copyright concerned
# book uses the supe tings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatial

sre fictiy ‘This book contains maturecontent. Reader d

isadvised
For free White Wolf caratog call 1-800-454-WOLF
Check our White Wolf online at

hiepif/www.white-woll.comn: alt.games.whitewoll and ree.games fp storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.


TaBle OF CONTENTS

A Prewane: Barr at-Frrna
INTRODUCTION: SHAHADA
Chaprer One: ‘Asasty ya CHistory)
Cimprer Two: One Farr ror Au TH WorLp (sia)
Craprer Trae: CINDER THE CRESCENT (GROGRAPHY)
Cuarrer Four: Ways oF THE BLoop (CLANS AND Roaps)
‘Vet BLESSINGS OF THE Farrird,(Sysrems)
‘ as BY NiGur
Appenpix: Arrayeb Aoainsr THe Nit CANTAGONISTS)



init al-Sitna

"SE looks like a chieftains Sarigea' }
said Razan, Orly rich farciec"

Pts something a little like that"

Che marduk: sil fed ur scomfortably 4.

Om Kashid's keen HAZE voas, forta-

) ceplied Orn Kashid.
Vy

© nately fired on the voork before ber.
Jbut ber sorrinblood, Rashid hirnself
J) sat close by, taking bis vole as chaper (s
ene cather more seviously tharn|h?
necessary, Or pechaps be sirnply bated
allovwoing outsiders to observe his teacher's
act, In amy case, the Quaveg's black face
vous So dravon and sour onte coudd beliewe,
he had bathed in lernon juice by mistake
that evening. Razer made suce fo keep a
cespecttut distarice


‘Om Rashid kepe
never hunche

sertain distance ws well. That is to
the writing jy

corso she had explained it. Kazan himself could not read
most of the words that she now smelted into such delicate,
vegetal shapes. Asa slave cour 8 0 his professional
advantage nat to know the conrents of the missives he
med
sto pick up b
Allah, the Ben

enough, braided 1

and pieces
ice, the
the wp of the
medallion shape. eth
cal this sorcery. Was that not swful peesuniption?
Most human ddsay yes, Arad yet Om Rashid wns
a model of piety ity all other regards. Her kinsmen came to
Baghdad from far and wide to study hadidt under her. She
Fad not drunk blood for week prior to this wor
had made Kazan and Rashid abstain all night
could enter the room, K:
her business,

so they
acl tv assume that she Krew

Tell mehow youncquiral the paper," she ordered him
wr vyes never leaving the flowing line of ink
8 frowned, Had he done some weone, had she
discovered wie imperfection in its sud
TLwent o Samarkand,
atthe three-eyed one upon it
fo, Tell me the story of how it was done.
ive me, mask, but
cervel one, You sry your thoughts
holy when creating » ealligas
upport
My wine teacher has aly
concurred. "Moreover, the
swaadat.."

asad, anud gor the blessing

twa tough story, even a
ould dwell only on the
He looked to Rashid for

+ said 9," the Tuarey

The bees! smile touched her lips, nearly invisible
through the veil, my faithful mamisk. |
ddoulbt ir will please me to hear 1 but I must ask
regardless. | umn the author of this working. It is by my
petition that you have dane every Lwant
know and remember the price that was paid. You mu
allow me that much burden,
Tobey your bladyshi
sid. and then he began

owed $01

[tell you truly, matam, someone could have blinded
re in Buktrary, sind still T would have reached yd
sont byscentalone, All Samarkand sinellsof mulberry now:
rulberry growing in the papermakers' gardens and mul
berry mush soaking cers! atts,

‘Your badyship's letter to lly Nu
afely. Hem
my horse, then took me stra
A good thing, too

the wall as stopped to.w
aytothehouse of Kari
cet have found it ov my

VIL OF NIGHT.

‘own. The man has taken over a cotton merchant's palace,
hiding ull the to-do of his immortal court within the bustle
ofthe merchant's commerce. Irdoes not stunne him toavait
himself of the earthly master of the bazaars

provid. You wo nthe new

feral, But

SAL

the gossipsire sight about Kari
id an s0 cursed by C
Isaw. Thesulta his thirane, and he
wore one felt slipper — one, ming! you — whieh he took off
and pat on again, offand on again all during my audience
Hisaatendants whispered to hima, begeitig ity to stop itr
doubt. He'd nod and wthen
later wou! he hack a
Andhe would not suite
byanythingelse, When ite
wash his hinds, an! he ma
ails wrist ro is lips
chong it best not to speak of my te
sultait. notes! | made up a story af Yen
Serpene who was fleeing eastward from me; I know, Hk
‘God forgive me for deceiving so venerable Alan
But later | approached his brother Hajar, who received me
set gxaciinrly in the privacy of his Chamibersand listened
a Leonfessed iy purpose.
Hajarlooked overmy credentials until he wassatisfied
Then, at his order, the three-eyes! one was brought out of
ding: a silk-haired Jurchen trapped in eternal haybood,
ts You had described tome, Fits speech was broken and
foreign, but he seemed tounderstand when | exp
lacdyship's requirements. Yes, he knew the pt
nent, but it was novso simple. He had to be thete for the
Papers manufacture. There were ingredients to he scked,
ayers to be offered,

moment

ne time tosup, heli
his own bruther lift the poor

ved your
nchant

Andsowe set out the next night with bit ina litter —

taken warning at that, {know now. Rous
from sleep was little trouble. Rousing his workers and
‘convincing them to labor for us at such an hour was more
trouble, but your kulyshipsyecierouspurse prevailed, andar
last the work beygin

Istood watch outsides the Jurchen performed hss
listening closely ro hear what spirits or nn he might be
callingupon. Yet ull Lever picked out was: low thrum, like
the sound of fourscore mortals breathing in perfect ehythm.
Somehow itset the haits of my neck on then —1
know not why — all aeonce € ‘welled
Within me, battering against the doors of my soul, seeking
to burst oat upon the men who innocently stools near t
me, Goa be praised, | held ic back. I dare not think what
might have happened,

A day ro wait while the paper dried, and then it»
done. We healed hack toward the palace, but a pair of i


pagaasonunderfed ponies ambushed! usbefore we reached
it. They were not ordinary n
fight away, Indeed 1 might we
Wab'Sheen, excepe fea
would be stupid enough to grant immortality co Mom
Give us the demon of wwszah,"
thing ke thst — meaninyethe th
pack ofsnat
de the Mongols mi
¥ Fight froma the other
"Whot Vl give you fs peace frum your benightial
said L
That did not deter them, Like a whirling 5
ingarrows and urging their wild
spat us. My horse was struck down beneath me
he mail yout laiyship gave me proved itssplendid temper
etching thee of their bolts. Two more nicked me but

by a chimera of fir
ters, alas shrug! my illus
gokicn glow began to spread on the gx
before me. [dh not makeit. Ir must havespilled fort ftom
the Jurchen himself: But I could not see, singe I faced the

Their first charge having
ny the ehane

led, Tid not allow my
make snother, They had no-skills 0
wield aginst an unseen attacker. My blade finished one of
the kuffar— he shriveled like any blowd-drinker once h
head was off —and wounded the other. Before f could raise
the sword for a new stroke, he seized my hand and stopped
irwich strength that more than matched exy own.
Enough," he declared. "I cannot fight both you anid
the demon's evil eye. Suill, you have killed Mianda, and
your blood ean appease his spirit. Lum Taban Chinus
To you naw, my name is also Death. Seek me in the mist,
hcarme in the cries of binds." And then he was mist,
ppeared, anysny.
My fine lady in the litter iever ever hal to get out,
tt
"Thave woven your wonds into the spell, Kazars, New
being me the gold ink." Cm Rashid whetsed new iced for
ashe fetched it. Her expression remained smooth
ed pool, "| rust that acquisition was
riot without adventure, either?"
our hadyslop b
fur dil at hast fi

toadecd auale ot exacting cequest,
what | sought."
+t
| cook the fai route toward Jerusalem, joining a large
band of pilgrims under che protection of a fearsome old
Arab: tt seemed the safest way. A lot of the folk were
strangers to exch other, and the line straggled out for such,

jie nu une questioned my absence in daytime:
Sleeping in the rolled-up rugs of my servants, I haved the

sun and kept body (it no digniry) intact. At night

wansory, Lextracted myown
form of road tax from the weary

After Damaxcuswestruckout alone and madeourown
way to the coast. then north. I heard many tiles of Fran

J Mustim dogs of no faith, too, who dealt in holy trinkets
from Jerusalem — inchuling picces of the Rock, Ehookes!
‘over their wares a hundred times in a hunslred streets and
markets, yet noncof them had anythingto offer me but junk
and cant,

Bor di lew in Tripoli. Quite different

that of feweled Samarkand, certainly. Here, th

it mixed with the stench
unws yaand theirrefuse— just usthe welimesight
of the hammam does contradicted the crosses mounted
atop the holy mosques. It was in Tripolt thar [finally
leatnied of a Frankish knight and relic-hnvekor seth a more
¢redible line of patter than tes
among the holy city's defiler
ify his soul) conquecedl

d purified it once again
{ watehed this miserable fellow f
worried thar he might bea slave of so ood
drinker, but observation proved him tobeasdeficientin wit
asany of his lumbering rice. | determines! to steal inte his
— he was dwelling

afew nights. At frst

nd learn for my:
fe wat a com: ¢ his men.
ad need of
ifts. The lock on his bed
thease: they heard nothing. A mound of von
amy sight. Whar were jars of stan
"Blessed by the priest at the Holy Sepule!
these dusty rocks — "fragments of the Via E
least there were no splinters of the True Cross to be seen!
Bur fee me not entirely defame my Christian host [twas
quice plain thar the hrass censer and silver aspespiam hd
really come from a church of some sort
Perhaps, | thought, he had simply run our of che
genuine item years ago, and | tumed ro go, Then | remem-
ered somethingubout the told me, madam:
that the Reck is sured fat be of the
Propher'sascension (Pe him), but hecause even

s vision. With

fingers light as silk | tured back the blankets and unicay

cred the knight's hairy chest. There, pierce

alongside a jumble of medallions on leather
looking stone that nonetheless struck me with niwe
this, [ knew right away, was the tric treasure he h

reserved for himself

I prayed to Allah formercy. [knew Ih

law by entering infidels apareanerits wit

out toset my hand upan the holy



must rerum to thor selfless transpmrent state that was so
necessary fo eretion
"Truly; my brethren," she sid t hist, "i i ou fate to
<iwell in fc al-fima, the House af Teal, while we yet walk
the earth, No spell can alter thar. But come; there ts one
ingredient more. Kazan has gathered from East and Center.
The Weat was yours, Rashi"
The Tuareg produced a stoppered, wax-sealed vial of
olored glass, The priekling sensation of an enchantment
released followed its opening, The smell that a
within immediately rerainded them all af their ongui
for the story, mine doesn't mateb Kazan' by anny

nwt hear it." Oni Rashid dipped a
oto the vial
aul
© your ladyship demonstrated the errors of my
hte me, | have had no desire to return to the
ib, Still, admit ie was goon 19 Walk the steets of Fez
a. however briefly, The Serpent came to me there us
arranged, und we rode: athe mountains. The foul
thing lay ina cav Berbersall said
had an afc
Superstition, yes, but it guid ght OF course
many protections lay on the place. here were fire-wards,
sands amd sill darker charms of wn tt
me. What 1 could not remove, however, the blasphemes
est could and vice vers. Between the two of us, we
peeled the layers away: threshold, anteroom, sinctum,
crypt
The tomb itself was rather austere; that surprised me
A row of earthen jarsfilled with preciousores, bitumen and
raw diamond lined its perimeter. And above the jars,
russ had been paintes! on the walls, which the lave of
faith compelled me to chip and deface afterward, til not a
¢ of them could be seen. Now in my dreamy those
ut of my
Acany rate, the unholy cre s little more thin
amr taleep in
raked with hi

he had found, weave th

inst its breastbone. Before i
vechasayyllabte with
wn through it

planted my sharpened st
could open its eyes
Thad driven the sh

"Allali be praised for sparing you the evil one's dying
curse, my son, 1 have heand of those who were not s0
Hlessed."
And th
The Tuareg shook hi
"Lkept your word. mi
the first two jarsof ichor from the ereature's veins. | lett the
bh offerings to him as well, for surely a hottletal of the
defiled was enough to travel with, But the creature's
hrearthlooai {drained in the manner you prescribed. [tested
itto be sure th betare I sealed
tup. Lave guarded it with the greatest careull these many
miles back

ks 10 Almighty God for His metey."

"Leould never doubt your thoroughness. What else did
the Secpent demund, in return for services rendered?"
"What else?" he echoed.
"Surely there wis more
"He swore he would hold no
"Than their way."
*L know. That i why L pat hie und
and asked again. He ya
such as yours.
centuries, and still yc
Thave do

ther bow fron us."

Truth of Blood
"The demonoliters are our en
e have told you this for many
never believe it. You consider that

c you aservice — bur you must realize that you

OmRashidaddal het ili
pen down for the
plated whit she b

already
hom. The two a

ceased 19 w
"Then if that was his price," she whispered into the all
too-fertile stillness, "Vnmust bear it with You,

pustredandset her
time, Hands folded, she conte

BAIT _ALFITNA



Slory be fo God int the ewertinig
anidin the morririgo your Davys.
L...J At is De voho beings forth the
livingfrorn the deadantd the dead
from the fivinig, who qf sickens
the earth feorn its lifeless state
Vou likevoise, voillbebror soft orth

- a- Quran, Suvaly SOIT-9


ENEATH THE
EL OF NIGHT

For the Christians of Europe, Islam is the faith of
the enemy— of the Sarncen who holds the holy city of
Jerusalem and the Moor who fights in Spain. The
Muslim lands ate an alien place inhubited by peoples
with strange traditions who live without the salvation
af Chri His Church.

The truth is a fin

Islamic culture is lush, highly moral and quite
dynamic. This ts no Dark Age fot Muslins — they
treasure ancient knowledge, and their lands host the

rest libraries of the day, Five hundred years ago,
this new faith rode out of the deserts of Arabia and
conquered huge tracts of land, From Spain to Central
A word of Muhammad — along with the Arab,
Turkish and Kucdish soldiers tacking ic up — speead
like wildfire

Jifferent matter

But not everything és a story of glory and unity
under one true faith. While Islam espouses many lat
able values — equality, learning, respect
caliphates and sultanates it has spawned are flawed,
human constenets, Differences of faith and powerhave
split Muslims jnternally, bewween Sur
her Imayyadand*Abbasid, herween F

Ayyubid, Huge wealth and great power haved
human ambition and jealousy as they always slo.

And where human jealousies and ambitions arise,
the unfiving hunyers of the childer of Caine are never
far behind

Tre Wortp oF [stam

Atthedawn ofthe 13th century, Islam isa
faith and culture that has shaped the medieval world
for thousands of miles around its Arabian birthplace
From the universities of Cordoba to the fringes of
‘China and India, Muslims pray toward Mecea.

Inthe west Islan

sn somethitig ofa decline. The
nv Of Spain are gaining momentum in th
Reconquista, pushing the Moorish caliphates and Taifa
Kingdoms south off of the Iberian peninsula. In the
and Baghdad, dynastic
rising in the wake of a period of strength.
alahal-Din led hisnew Ayyubid
¢ Jerusalem ani repel the Third Cr
eat man is dead and his
tearing his ly art. Baghdad, the «
caliphate, isin Lir decline

heartland of Cairo, Jerusalen
troubles
Onlya:
dynast

Vill OF NIGHT

Further east, the faith spreads. It maves into noch
em India and the golden city of Samarkand. Muslim:
traders work in Song Chinaand the word of Mubarumad
spreads further still
The Mongol hionde iia few decades aw
{ny nto Isbum like a tidal wave, bur the Mamluksace wrise
in Egypeat the same time a cteate the next great Mustim
dynasty, Ultimately, the Mongols recede (some taking
Isham into their hearts) and the faith remains.
nge, growth and conquest, thechilder
o kings

Cure AND IsLAM
4 reclutors who stalk Islam are funds:
ns those in Christian Europe. They
their origins to Caine, the murderous son of
Adam and Eve, and are divided into {3 clans and some
additional bloodlines. They have all che same strengths

iam kin and (in
terms) follow the same busic rules outlined in other
Dark Ages produces.
Bur a great cultural divide se + Muslim and
Christian. Not only did the rise of Islam affect almost
rety resklent — living or otherwise — of Arubia, the
Fertile Crescent, North Afric: win, but many of
the vampires in these areas had different outlooks to
begin with. The Nosfers the region (known as
M ridin) never ixlopted the penitent
thetr European brethren, for example, rema
to the heritage of the fearsome hunter who spawned
them. And while the "Assamites" and Setites of |
je strange foreigners, the Banu Hagim and Ws
are lords of the Middle Eastern night. These ure their
tands, and ir is the tare Veu who are the foreign:
interlopers.

For many of the other clans, islam itself has created
an important change. The Lasombra of th
‘Qabilat al-Khayal, ro se their
embraced Islam along with the members of Bay't
Muashakis (Brujah) and the Ray'een al-Fen (Toreador).
They see an avenue togreaterpowerand even salvation
in this new and dynamic faith.

In fact, Islam has broken down some of the old ch
divisions. The vampires of the empire now fall into
three broad categories, dependent on theirown view of
the faith rather than the legacy of their blood.

Tue Asiurra

Those mast enthralled with Isham have formed a
new seet called the Ashirra, Der n Shiite Islam,
the Ashisra sect preaches that Muhammad offered

from crash


ibility of redemption if they became

submitted tothe willof god. Vampiric
nities of Cainites in m

Jing them toward

Of conitse, politic ambition poison
like any other vampiric enterprise. Imams and 0
religious vampires maneuver for greater prestige
with the faithful. True devotion is rare
Islam, the 1 sect aspires
claves bound together by some common belief
city may be zealous defenders
inbelicvers, while those elsewhe
may be more cusual in their professions of faith, Local
realities rule the night, as they do the day

(Chapter Two: One Faith for All the World
provides more details on the Ashitra,)

Cynics AND Survivors

rsame, but not truly in heart. Selfish pred:
tons like it Christian cousins, they take God and the

het seriously hut also know cheir curse separate

mmankind, They follow the dainanceulture
because it isconveniencto doso, bur look tooth
ave off rhe Beast and make their way through
Some focus on the cultured
ind adhere to the R:
Tariqe!-Umma) v
the No 4 el- Bedouin).
into their lands often fa his category. They may
still cling to the animist (or other) faiths
but they take on the trappings of Islam
. Just like European vampires recog
nfluence ¢ without alway
hese ancients un

usly outside Islam and

all, pay lip serv
survival's sake while

jected by it. The Setites worship an old god! an
be called idolaters by Muslims, whereas the Baal
tively support forces identified with Sarin.

SHAHADA


and Christian vampires fall into something
area, Technically, they are "People of the

jold beltets nor farremoved from
ys is fickle, especially given the
he Crusades. Some hold Islam in the

ncertain regard

How To Use Tus
Book

Vell of Night is 8 major supplement for Vampire:
The Dark Ages. Unlike th
gional supplements, Veil of Night opens up an
new culture, just as diverse as the Christian Eurc
the mainstream produers, [n the followi
croduce ye
braced Ish
Islam, although you
as powerful a cultural force. Itsarmies have
he Arabic lang
Like Christendom, the Islamic empite is fed par
Cainites, related to their European brethrer
bur separated by culture
ight srives ys cools younes
ands of Islam, from anew look

«i Ronds in the area, to 0 geographic and
letailed look
those runnin
Night to intr
into their stories. The Spanish Reo

Je the most obvious ve
Chistian-Maslinn conflict, buc there are other p
bilities, including trade in the Mediverr
pilgrimage to the Holy Land and diplomatic envoys

Theme
Islam translates lite bmis Allah'
k. Al
ground in Iberia bu
ist. Ue is. seill
. and being chay peoples and
regions, For Cainites (static creatures who
long view), Islam is a raging brushfire of f
mortal ener has radically transformed the
that birthed the chiller of Caine. Cainites can
change thems tathis force, eh.
submit inst it


By Any Orner Name
out Veil of Night, wo use Arabic names for most of the Cuinite clans familiar to Dark Ages

players, This isastylistic decision — though the blvod bf vampires in Islamic lands i the samen in Europe.
their atritnd ador,in Paris do noc have the sate outl

We've made every effort tou 1s clear for youl: Avi
cli namesall inoneplace Becauseat' esnf Arabic. the plural forms of some of thie clan fumes
are distinct from the singolir. 1, the-cnse of rhe Ray'een al Fen, Qabifat al Khayal and Qvbilat al: Mawt (the
| "patrons of the arts." "clan of shadows" and clan of death") there istio specific name for a vampire of that
flan. The form "a member ot; ihatead
} Note that in rhe emes where it is used, "hay'¢* stands foc "clan !"4o'a member of Bay't Maynoon tea
). Majnoen.
}
European Name Arabic Name (Plural)
|
} Assamire Banu Hagim
| Bali Boali
} Bruiah Bay' Mashokis (Mushakisin)
Cappadosiin ‘Qobilan al Maver
Followers of Ser Walid Ser
Ganigrel Wah'Sheen,
Laibon Laiboa
Lasombra Qabilaral-Khayal
Malkavian Bay't Majnoon (Majanin)
Nosferatu Bay'c Mutasharid (Mutasharidin)
} Ravinos Bay't Majrim-(Mujrimin)
‘Salar Al-Aminy
Poreadon Ray‘een al-Fen.
Tremere nla
Trimisce nfs
Venttus ELMija

The El Hijazi ame a:smnall group of Ventrue longresidencim Arabic. The few other Venerue remaining in Takamle |
lanals have no special name of thei own.

Faith underscores this main theme

ERR EAD sect pushes Cainites tosubmittoGod anil bee

Although Veil of Night is the m Mi ee ial zthe Bea pike
me m Islamic Caini ‘the salt y iL a heir a
Ages books thar can be helpf tn suill other er belief
Sanguinis 3: Wolves at the Doory
ils on the E

The conflicts berween th
hatreds — and

Moop

The world of Veil of Night is rich st
The modem suppleme: wering architecture, Sutl
Second Edition also provides inform: eetsities. and a thousand and

1 Arabia thar can be dt wonders pepper the Islamic
Medieval setting. tween these wondrous poi

SHAHADA


nite horrarsshiare the suige with the wonders of the
Istamie golden ag
dark plays ise

The conflict heween the light and
pire.

CHAPTER BY CHAPTER
Chapter One: ‘Asabiyya traces the history of
Islam from its quiet origins in Mecca to the great
hiewed. ‘Asahiyya, the dynamic energy
ofahungry community, characteri: he curly Mus!
‘community, based primarily on th
tion. As it grows, conquers and absorbs, however, Islam
falls prey to the stagnation and intrigues of all great
etupires. This chapter also traces the rise of the Ashicra
sect of Cainites, who tap the hope of the new faith bur

Chapter Two: One Faith for All the World
‘examines Islam and the Ashirra sect and how the nwo
interact. The expectations

alife) play our

Chapter Three: Under the Creseent traces the
travels of an Ashirn across the breath of the Islamic
empire. He sees the diversity and drive chat make it a

ampire, und the divisions that make ir all too
ragile. The Cainite situation isall the moredangerous,
‘as our traveler soon discovers,
Chapter Four: Ways of the Blood examines the
clansand Roads ofCainites in the Islamic world. These
ngs are noc entirely different from those in
‘Christian Es had itseffect on them
all. Different clons play different roles, and cultural
differences make the Roads a new experience.

Chapter Blessings of the Faithful pro
game mecha and new systems for chronicles
Islamic wi videline> for chansccer ere
Traits, a new form of blood ma Muslim weapons
and tactics, andl expanded coverage of faith are all part
of this chupter

‘Chapter Six: Damascus by t provides you
with a complete setting in which to play. The*Garden
‘of the World," once the capital IL Islam, is now a
great city facing off against che Franj without and adark
comuption within.

Appendix: Arrayed Against the Night covers a
variety of other supernatural entities who lurk within
islam. From the monstrous Demons of the East whe
keep the Ashirn from entering Tay to the capri-
cious djinn, this chapter shows that Cainites ure not
quite alone.

LEXICON

Iulam recognizes Arabic as the most perfect of lan:
ugessince itwasin Arabic that Gua chose to reveal the
‘Quran to Muhammad. Assuch ite the evu
cof the Muslim world, the language of religh
tion. That is not to say thar other languages — Pers,
Hebrew, Berber and others — are unkniwn actos the
empire, only that Arabic sseen a¢superior The following
lexicon of terms only scratches the surface of Arabic, of
coune, listing some of the important terms — vampiric
und mortal —in Veil of Night.

Abu Lazar: literally "father of Lazarus," meaning
Cappadocius.

ALA
‘name for Clan §

Allah: God. Despite some common misconcep-
tions, Allabismota separate" Muslim god" buethe same


supreme heing worshiped (in different ways) by Jews
and Christians.
Andalus: Moorish Spain.
ansar: ghoul
a: the dynamic drive and corporate sense
tight-knitand hungry community; seen by scholars:
tehgine of conquest and expansion that falters as
ure hecomes settled and "civilized."
Asdiqa' al-Lail: the Friends of the Night, the
ody of the Qabilat al-Khayal (Clan Lasombra),
Es ti.
lly "beethren"; an Islamic sect of
vampires centered around the belief that Mubsaramadd
olfered redemption to Cainites whosubmitted to God's
vill: more generally, a term referring to a vampire who
Islam (or ar least pays it lip service:
ayyar: a war bands among Asharr
a specific martial goal
Banu Hagim: "thesonsof Hagin," theelan known
to Europeans as the Assamites
bay't: « clan, be it vampiric oF mortal.
bilad as-sudan: sub-Saharan Aftica

corerie with

caliph: more properly "Khalifa" or successor to the
Prophet, che ttle of the political and religious leader of
Islam; in the time itmediately after Mubammend, there
ws a relatively clear succession of caliphs, but in later
generations multiple caliphs, each ruling a part of the
Isls J, elainved the tithe; it has become a tithe with
1rdeal of syinbolic power but hitele political might
damga: calligraphic emblent of a Turkish chieftain,
similar in gone ways to a Western crest ar cant of arms
dhimmés non-Muslims (C oot Jews, most
Miving under the protection of Mushim rules they
slerated hut must pay a poll tax.
jinn (plural djinn):a supernatural spirit native to
Arabia and the Middle East; some recognize Islam and

faris: cavalry.

five pillary of Islam: the basic obligations of any
rood Muslim: shahada (the profession of faith), salar
(daily prayers), zakat (almsgiving), sawn (fasting dur
ing Ramadan) and hajj (pilgrimage).

Franj: the Franks, or crusaders, who have invade
Muslim fands,

ghutrah: craditional headdiess wo abmen.

Hadith: the collected sayings and biography of
Muharnmisd, forming the second great religious text of
Islan after the Qur'an. A hadith is one of the sayings
within this larger compilation

Hajj, thes line of Muslim Mutashariclin (Noster
who tracethemselves to Tariqueal-Hujji, oneofthe
of the Ashirma and u powerful blond sieecte

haji pilgrimage ro Mecea, tobe undertakenat least
‘once by every Muslim who is able: the fifth of the five
pillars of Islam.

hammuen on inportarit meeting

ice trian Maanite ct

harim: the women'ssection of a large Muslin house
Hedayat el-Hawa: "Gifts of the Wiel," a path of
oughly equivalentrothe Than
path Rego Tempestas,
Hedayat el-Nar: "Gifts of Flame," 1 pa
blood! magic roughly equivalent to the Thaumatutgy
path Creu Fennem,
Hedayat el-Quib: "
pach of sihr blood magic.
Heduyat Iman:
Of sir Blooxd magic,
hijra: liverally the "breaking of bonds") 9
Muhammad's flight from Mecea toward Maxlina in 62
CE. ir marks the he ‘of the Muslim
46 means abandoning old ways to embrace Islam.

es of the Heart," # unique

‘Gifts of Faith." the princi

slendar;

imam: an Islamic religious le
congregation in prayer: in the Ashi
the vampire who provides religious leadership to the
local Cainite community; often the local vampine
imam and sultan are one and the same, or they have
some sort of agreement.
jihad: literally "holy war," the duty of Musi t
defend and promote the faith. This term applies ¢
more than simple martial matters
jund: professional soklier who fights for pay sanel Land.
Kaba: the temple in Mecea that is the holiest
site. It holds the Black Stone and was ance a
animist temple. According to Muili lore,
ham built the Ka'ba.
Keening, the: a supematural effect by which
shearthesun rai while sleeping in Arabia: the
eflect is strongest neur the Muslim holy sites of Madina
rel Mecea, und prevents most vampires trom enter
those cities.
madina: the social center of a town
always a

ler who leads the
a eet, the lmaen is

the center of its physical layout; the maalina
houses the main meisque and the court of the qadi; the

shops and institutes of learning.
of Islamic law: scholarly Mushakisin (Brujah) often
make their havens in madbrasas.

SHAHADIA


North Afries

Majnoon (plural Majanin): literally "lunatic," the
Anibic name tor a Ma

mamluk: specifically. one of the Turkish soldier
slaves who form the core of the Ishamic military, many
and later obtain their free:
eran Egypt in the L3th century):
more generally, a slave or soldicr-slave,

Marid: Matkav

wom convert te bl
ns they rise 1 pe

of equestrian sports
and ¢ ciGes.

mazaa
mihrab: 0 pray

a saint's
niche itv mosque

ced agent inn business
1 proxys called a commends

who calls ¢
¢ Ashitra, the mue:
fsthe bloc es

im (plural Mujeimin, "
the Arabic name for a Ravi
mullah 3 highly
Mushakis (plural Mushakisin); literally "agita-
the Arabic name for a Brujah.
Mutasharid (plural Mutasharidin) fi
the Arabic name for a Nosferaru.
Qubilat al-Khayal: literally "the ela
the Arabic mi for Clan Lasombra.
1 al-Mawt: literally "the clan of death," the
sume for Clan Cappadocian,

literally "criminal,"

anguished "alam, of Is

ly "out

of shadows,"

x spectilly mained to interpret the
to handing down binding judg-
verve asan arbitrator toamicably
resalve disputes
aarib:a ship, ated (at this point
in history), with a smoorh-sided construction; known:
in avel
Qur'an: the Islamicscripture asreveated by God to
al-Fen: literally "the shepherds of the
arts," the Arabic name for Clin Torendor:
ribat: 1 fortified monastery, servin both rel
and military functions; among Bay't Mushakis, the
fortified haven ofa member of the clan usually located
outside the city

sadaga: voluntary charity, prized wer of goodwill
among Muslims,

VEIL OF NIGHT

salat: the five wyers (dawn, aniclday, mich
afternoon, dusk and evening) required of ull Muslims;
the second of the five pillars of Isha.

sawn: fasting during the daylight hours of the holy
month of Ramadan; che fourth of the five pillars of Tsim,

sayyad aleghulan (plural sayyadin): hunter of
monsters, usually seeking vengeance fora personal loss.

Sea of Faris: Persian Gull

Sea of Qulzum: Red Se

shahada: the profession of faith, usually in the

on that "There is no God but God

sind Mubuaramad is His Prophet"; the first of the five
pillars of Islam,
Islamic law.
islamic blood magic developed by Tarique

ab-Hajji.

sultan; literally "holler of powe
kings
‘generic term

other larg

amortal Islamic
the preeminent vampite in a eity or
ropean prince)

sunna: the body of traditional Muslim learning
and wisdom, largely embodied in the Hadith ond Qur'an

suq: a city's central markerplace, holding ware
house fieilities and housing for itinerant. tn
udlition to space for selling goods

Taifa: One of the small kingdoms that arose in
Andalus during the Ith century (after taifa or "fac
tion"); also a group of Islamic Wab'Sheen (Gangrel)
whohaveadopted the ethosof Islamtescholar-warriors
nd trace their origins to Andalus.

tarig: road; used in Cainite circles the same way as
Road and Via in Europe, tomean the belief systein and
onal corte that heeps thie Beast ath

Tariq el-A'tham: the Road of Bones or Via(

Tariq el-Bedouin: the "Road of the Noma," the
Muslim version of the Road of the Beast or Via Bestiae

Tariq el-Hagim: the Road of Blood or Via

Jocsnote be acaliph;

Tariq cl-Harb: the "Road of War," the Muslim
version of the Road of Chivalry or Via Equitum.

Tarig el-Hayya: the Road of the Serpent, Road of
Typhon or Via Serpentis

Tarig el-Sama's the Road of Heaven or Via Caeli,

Tarig el-Shaitan: the Road of the Devil or
Diabolis,

Tariq el-Tanaqud: the Read of Paradox or Via
Paradocis.

Tarig el-Umma: the "Road of Community," the
Muslim version ‘of the Road of Hi
Humanicatis

nity or View


Taugast: China

‘udu: legal witness, « man of good reputation
who provides testimony, vouches for the testimony of
othersand can enter written documentsintoevidence.

‘ulaana: (singular ‘alim): Islamic scholars.

mma: the community ofbelicvers among Ashitra,
the local membership of the sect.

wad: a dry watercourse that becomes a river when
flooded by storms or seasonal rains.

‘Wah'Sheen: liverally "the beast-men," the Arabic
name for Clin Gangrel.

Walid Set: literally "the children of Set," the
Arable name for the Followers of Set.

zakat: obligatory almssivings the thied of the five
pillars of Islam,

zuwiya: a convent or monastery of
Muslim religious orders that live is
larger community.

Sources

‘The authors of Veil of Night consulted x di
avray of sources. Medieval Islam isa rich and beautiful
culture, and a substancial amount of material is avail-
able in English. The following texts. were especially
Useful and would be informative for players and Story-
tellers ina Veil of Night chronicle.

RAL TEXTS
Albert, A History of the Arab Peoples
oaks)
Bernard, The Middle East: A Brief History of
the Last 2,000 Years (Seribnet/Touchistone)
Mckvedy, Colin, The New Penguin Atlas of Medi-
eval History (Penguin)
Nicolle, David, and Angus McBride (illustrator),
Ospmey Men at Arms 171: Saladin and the Saracens

ne of the few
od from the

Osprey Warrior Series {0: Saracen Faxis (Osp
Payne, Robert. The History of Istam (Dorset)
Robinson, Francis editor), Cambridge Ihstrated His

tory of the Islamic

On Istam

Bogle, Emory C- Islam: Origin and Belief (Univer:
sity of Texas Press)

Cragg, Kenneth. Reading' in the Qur'an (Foun)
Harper Collins)

Esposito, John L. Islam: The Straight Path, 3nd
edition, (Oxford University Press)

ond (Cambridge University Press)

Lippman, Thomas W. Understanding Islam (Merc:
ian Books)

Moxlelung, Wilferd. Religi
fa Medieval Islam, (Varioram)
A Chronology of Islamic History
Hall)
uct wirh Cur
Richard, The Quest for E
Univenity Press)
Hillenbrand, Carole (editor), The Crusad
amie Perspectives (Fitzroy Dearborny/Routled
Maalouf, Ainin, and Jon Rothschild, The €
‘Thragh Arab Eyes (Schocken Books)

ind Ethnle Movements

WANITY
di (Oxford

Uséran, Wes Srres
ssary of lseanie Termsat hexyy//wwwsimede
sary!
Rizwi's Bibliogaphy for Mediewal Islam at lnetpd/
www.cnwl igs net)~faizerfindex.hirml.
The Internet Islamic vaerenliok at het!
woww.fordham.edlu/halsallfis



JY YWOith God in teuth is the knoveol-
edge of the Dour Be sends dovwon the

J) cart De knows what the works
have voithin them Vio soul kriovwos
what voill be ifs lof on the morrow
Hd He soul knovs int vohat land it
vwoill die God knows all is avoate of afl

— el Quran, Sucah SIS


mace by civilized men. The

Arabphilosophertbn Khaldun spent n cca studly
id fallot workdcivil
and Rome did r

the dreams of scholars, bur with the courage and
ruthlessness of pr
purpose. This fi
called ‘asabrysy

nitive peoples united

nse of purpose, which Ibn Khaldun
arises from people who have nothing

‘except one another. They close
ranks against the rest of the world, red by a shared
identity. When driven by a common goal, no obstacle
don earth ean stop them

Bur Iho Khaldun leamed that once a race becomes
civilized, "asabiyya fades. Wealth and comfort fuel
personal ambition. which makes
and conupt. The more sophisticated an empire be
oper the rot spreads. Once it starts, the
process is inreversi

By the middle of

sity Empire was but

glory, ts honders shrinking ste
the decadent Siwsanid kings and its nobles seduce by
the hosry intrigues of Mesopotamta'sanetent Cainites
Likewise, the glories of Rome were no mare, corrupted
by power and ravaged by the lusts of
iansand the agendasof the
grmndeur lingered only in fabled Constancinopl

wn self-centered
comes, the

© sisth Century, dae once
ghost of its former

lily under the rule of

the Eastern Empire's possessions in Syria and P:
The invineible unity thar

dl fed these peoples 1
ness theit ‘asabiysa, was only w memory

{n the shadow of these former giants lay sandy
Arabia, inhabited by a people shaped from centuries of
hardship and poverty, aplace even Cainitesconsidered
tironlyforoureasts. A man hom to thedeserttribeshad
nothing to commend himself but his lineage and his
hone, arded eealously, The sands

id owesd the tribes ¢

prosper, they had
whether an the field of 1 the markerplae

The peuple of the desert understood ‘asabiyya.
They lacked only a vision to unite them.

THE LAST AND
GREATEST PROPHET

In a time when day-to-day life was pre
early life of Maham
chaotic thin most. De

to survive, much

ious, the
dibn Abstullah was even more

while his son wasseill in the
rance for his wife and child,

Muhammad's father g
womb, leaving no inhe

VEN. OF NIGHT

Asa young child, Muhammad was frail and sickly
Hismother Amina wastoopoorand often to ill herself
totuke care of him. Atcheageoftwo,shesent him awry
w live with a foster family in the nearby village of at
Ta'if, where the air was healthier and b
«ry to cke out an existence asa shepherd. Muhamma
richrefativesin Mecca looked on him with disdain,

ily treated him coldly. Hi

of being an outsider.

By the sge of four, Muhammad tended the flocks
with hisfoster brothers. Hishealth gradually improved.
bur he was moody and contemplative, often prone to
fitsof distraction that left him staring ta nothingness
for minutes or even hous on end. He questioned

test merc

ridale und he would know peace only when he'd learned
theanswer, Hisstranyge behavior increasingly unsettled
his foster family, unui finally they feared he was pos
sexed by a devil and scat him back to his imbier i
Mecca, Not a year later, Mubuwnmad's mother died
suddenly on a trip to visit relatives in a nenrby town
Once again the hoy found himself adrift, cast upon the
doorstep of his grandfather, Abd al-Muttalib. Al-
Muttalib's house overlooked the Katha. an
temple in Mecea thavew sswns visited by
throngs of pilgrims once every year, Overthe next four
Muhammad's grandfather tauphe him the history
Ka'ba and its sacred stone, thought to be a piece
f the Moon that had fallen to Earth and was sacred to
the lunar god Hubal. Muliarumad learned all he could,
fascinated by concepts of religion and salvation.
When Abd al: Mucalib d
again. on the mowe, this time t
was a kindly man bur b
theirkeep. Acthe uge of 10, Mul
uw camel driver and guard to caravans traveli
Syria and Palestine. He worked hard, bur his relentless
search foranewer: deve him harders!
seoughtreligiousscholarsind bly men, debstiny
Christian, Jewish and pan teachings.
Finally, at age 25, Muhammad caught the eye of a
wealthy widow named Khadija. She fell in love with:
him at first sight and asked him to marry her.
would he have to scruggle and serape for exc!
Now he could manage the affairs of a prosperous e:
sand raise a family of hisown. Muhammad settled
and looked forward to fatherhood, hopeful that fy
Tast wits the answer to his unease
Khadija bore Muhammad six children, Two sons,
‘Qusim and Abdallah, died in childhood, Despire these
tragedies, the next ten years passed ncernarkably

ural oF supernatural, as if life were a

Muhanusnad was once
anunele, Abu'l

lL Inevery towns be
spectsof

Muhammad wasa lackluster businessman, losing more


ichedd somethit
ged inoce
is a5
amily kept him ¢
Deep down, he at it was not
In 606 CE, Muhammad was 35, an age at whic
yearned for some kind of meaning hehind the tum
his life, but he wasold enough to know that hex

never find the answer. Orso he thought
REVELATIONS
the angels came t Muhamn ehhour warnings

wn the hottest night of the y

One night, after hours of contemplation, he heard
underous voice that said simply:
Shocked, Muhammad replied thar he did not

Muha dd asked what it was he should
a scroll that made from silk, w
tibed in fire, Though he could not rea,
hey were writte
umbled from the cave ut he was posse
‘or insane, but then he nda voice from heaven
saying, "() Muhammad st
Priel!" Looking up, he siw a visi
dian in its glory. The ht drove tl
ind: After mom vision disappear
Mubtnmuad was alone again

hamniad ran adija to tell her w
happened. She, and larce Wamyo, her cousin, insisted
thar the vision was a true sign from heaven and that a
great revehition wa They were Muhammad's

, long, with akr,
Muhammad!

retum
where the ungels revealed to him visions of

and the terrible fi

he was the last mess


"and mercy for
‘from true bel A

rece, slong as
id the Islaatie potl tx, |
ected nuoksliowers

final exhorn word to mankind.
Despite all tha he fad been shown, Mubanimad
remained upprehensive and unsure about his purpose
aphet. For the frst four years following the
¢ closest co
aimbered less
ihersctis
and relatives, [t wasn
that Muhammad at lasr

til 614 CE, at the ay
und the courage t

message to the people of Mecea.

Hua

Muhammad wandered the streetsof Mecca
ing the word of Allah and warning of the divine
attheend of the world. Mostpeople
aximan, but hismessage — particularly
ncompassion for slavesand the equality
a ponverful appeal among the poorand

ve clisaffected.

The city's r
yatched the Pro 'sfollowers increase -
ber. They grew alarmed, ther They denounced

members of Muhammad's own

Muhatnmad as a heretic. and he and his people were

threatened with di Some of the early S
recanted, but most continued to worship in secret,

nieting at Ivdden locations throughout the city or in

VEIL OF NIGHT

caves outside Me
rich merchant by the
who regarded Muhammuxl with:
the Propher offered one of his daughters in marriag.
the merchant. Urhman, overcome with joy
considerable fortune at the new rel

The Quraysh continued to persec
and his followers. Though they were a
Prophet our of concen that his
revenge, they diln't hesitate to kill his followers, Dur-
ing the month of pilyrima:
throughout che city to strike at
followers who tried to spread the word of Al

nalisguse

religion pense
in number, until ev
converted to the worships of Allah,
issued

membersof the city's rulin,

ed Q

decree of excommunication directed at
fst li

ily or have business

and his 64

lings with them,

Muhammad's tollowers could be attacked without
fear of repneal. The Prophet, hearing this, fled ta castle
‘curside the city that belonged to his uncle, Abu Talib
where he remained for three years, ventiiny out only

the holy math, wh 1s forbidden.

These years were thedarkest rimes in the history of
Islami, Muhammad continued to preach to his follow:
ers, forced to dictate
distributed his words

ings to stiles who then
nonyg the faithful. The persecu
tionscontinued, etcame tothe realization
that ifthe faith was tosurvive, he ha to lea

and find a place where his ceachings cou
unhindered. He uaveled to at-To'l, the «
childhood, but the peaple there cursed h

him out of the
returned to Me

hail of stones. Dejected, he
nd by chance fell into the
cTuants just atrived from
town to the northeast called Yatheil
Yathrib was a prosperous town with predomi
nantly Jewish: population, where the rabbis were
continually proctaiming the impending arrival of the
Messiah. Muhammad shated his beliefs with the mer
ch surptisingly, the men listened, Before long,
thoy came tobelleve that he was the very Messiah that
therabhisproclaimed. They said that they w
the way for his cam
i's tine to lewd him to Yathrib in
ubammad returned t0
his fortress-prison and fought tokeep his followers from
losing heare


It was sometime during the following year that
Gabriel recurned wo Muha
voice commanded, "Awake, thote sleeper!" and the
Prophet's eyes were dazzled by a vision of Gabriel and
4 strange, winged horse with the face of a man
Muharnmad mounted the horse, which flew like light
ning in the direction of Jerusalem, stopping briefly at
Mount Sinai and Bethlehem, where the Prophet dis-
red and offered prayers. Then the horse carried
him to Jerusalem and alighted at the great Temple,
where Muhammad went into the Holy of Holies and
found Abraham, Moses and Jesus at prayer together.
The Prophet prayed with them for a time, until sud-
denly a ladder descended from heaven, He ascended
into the presence of God, whose firce was hidden by
divine radiance. Allah embraced Muhammad, and
Jed! by the light, the Prophet returned down
the ladderand the horse carried him back w Mecca In
the Dome of the Rock in
Jerusalem pointed to the footprint etched
and said thar there was the place the Prophet mounted
the angelic horse for his return to Mecea,

Time worean, and the faith struggted in the face-of
relentless persecution, Exactly a year after theirdiscus.
sion in Mecea, twelve Jews from Yathrib met
Muhamimid at the Ag}

ass outside the eity and
ribs was nor yer con-
nto Muharamad's teachings,
they said. The Jews returned to Yatbrib with a teacher
selected hy the Propher,and Muhammad stecled him
self to remam patient and trust in the will of God.
While the people of Yathrib leamed the teachings
of the Prophet, the rulers of Mecea learned of the
J enouth two have to-pu
ns in their midst; how much worse
would it be if he gained control of all Yathrib? The
‘Quraysh feared thar he might then raise an army and
e the city by force. After much deliheration, they
decided that Jofone person attempting tokill
the Prophet und risking his family's revenge — they
would choose one man from each of the ruling farnilies.
They would all sh: dhe snunder, iste
silt. Bur hefote they could act, a messeng
from Yathrib with the final word front the c
people of Yathrib now followed the Prophet.
Muhammad journeyed back to the Aqaba Passand
found no less than 75 men and two women awaitiny
him. They told him that Yathrib was waiting to wel
come him with open arms, and they swore their
allegiance to him, Muhammad was overjoyed, but one

ting this

of his followers raised a question: What guarantees

the Prophet's safety? What happened if

all the peoples of Arabia rose up against the town that

had chesen the messenger of God? The assembled

crowdlatonce swore an oath todefend the Prophet with

ss. One of the from Yathrib asked

wmad what their reward might he should they

eirliyes forthe cause, and the Prophe
simply, "Paradise." The

hearts and minds of Muslim

nswered
nswer reverberted in the
for centuries to come.
Returning to Mecca, Muhammad arranged for
seation of his followers.
early summer, 150 of the faithful made their way to
Vath in ones snd twos so ts ot to alert thi
Quraysh. Their movements were eventually discov.
ered; one night in June, the city's rulers went b
him. The Propher escaped thanks tothe bravery of Al,
who disguised himself to resemble Muhammad and
distracted the soldiers long enough for him to escape
Muhammad and Abu Bakr, Ali's father, fled the
sity and began the difficule journey ce Yatheib. By
down, the Quraysh had sent armed bunds into the
countryside w catch the two men, and a reward of 100
nyane who caught o killed the
Prophet. Muhammiac and Abu Bakr hid in caves by dary
and traveled by night, ceral times band:
eame close todiscaverinythem. Each time, Muba
assured his friend thar Allah was with them,
miraculously, they were not found, After journe
nearly 200 miles, the 1
Yathrib. On September 20, 622, Muhummad entered
the city like a king, escorted by 70 warriors. Thirtees
years of persecution and humiliation were aver
Many years after the Prophet's death, the Caliph
Umar declared thar the alendar would begin
with the year of Muhammad's flight from Mecea. 62
wascalled the year of the hija, "the breaking of bonds

Mapina

The Prophet of Allah, driven like @ thief from his
home in Mecen, ruled like a king amid the Jews ¢
Yathrib. Muhammad renamed the city Madinat Nabi
Allah, "the City of the Prophet of God."

The city's tirst mosque. which the Propher hel
build, was no more hans tough enclosure with earthen
walls and pillars made from date palms. Muhamed
delivered his sermons to the faithful as he leaned
casually against a palin trunk. He directed his followers
to pray three times a day in the ditectinn of Je
and to become circumeised, pethaps as a means of
smoothing the integratior new Jewish converts
Where the Christians used woolen clapp
to call the faithful to prayer, and the Jews preferred
trumpets, Muhasnmad used the human voice, The first

ring the following sp

of men

men made their w

4

> al Ioells

SASABLY YA


ave Bilal, whose thun
There isno God but Alla, and
nmad is hts Prophet! Come to prayer! Come to
ity" Ir is sald that after the dawn call to pra

would tush from his rooftop and man to
Muhammad's door, where he woull ery, "To prayer, O
Messenger of God! To salvation!"

For a while, life in the city was comparatively
pesiceful, Muhammad, now married to his second wite,
‘Sauda, took yet another wife, Abu Bakr's nin "old
daughter Alim after, Abu Bakr's son Ali,
whom the Prophet regardedashis adopted son, marrie
the Prophet's daughter Fatima. At the same time,
Muhammad strengthened ties between those who had
followed
Madina by
loyalty

Not l

Mecea and the new believers in

the two groups to swear oaths of
ul equality between them,

This time was
fant

did it have the strength to f

racial, formative one

srish The question wats
ed (atleast in part) in alittle
on the first night of the month of Rajat
Messenger of God crossed paths with an Ai
Cainite by the name of Suleiman ibn Abdullah,
In those times, vampi yere very mare in Arabia.
With Alexandriun Egype to the west and Sassanian
Persia to the east, Arabia was regarded by the Cainices
impoverished backwater, far from any place of
influence or real wealth. And since Mecca was a place
at holinesseven in those pagan t
etfoot there without risking
fies 13 yearsof Mal
beyond the reckoning

nes, no vampire
nal Death, Sothe
ions had occurred
rion's few vampires.
ibn Abdullah, an outcast from the Qabil
al-Khayal looking for ways to build his power anew,
learned of a man claiming to he the Messiah in the
of Yathrib, and journeyed there from Palestins
sce if Muhatnmuad und his followers could be
use. Even in the East, there we
styled prophets kessiahs" who made good pawns
in the undead Byzantium, Alexandria and
Cresiphon.
But Sule teful encounter with Mubuatumad
Jid not go nything like the vampire intended. Struck
power of the Prophet's fpable
ith, the La ww in Muharamad a path
ption and paradise in which Suleiman had
10 Jost faith. The Cain Hie
the will of Allah and be Prophet's
ned disciples, Suleiman summoned hischilderand
hful ansar from Palestine and released them
from theit blond oaths. He shared

VEIL OF NIGHT

could

f the r

Sulei

aba

long fe surrendered hi

his f

teachings of

Em 2==5" 2

Islam with thems most didnotshare hisheliefintheend
ofthe worldand the judgment of Allah, un he let them
return to their homeland in peace. Yet a few dared to
have faith in the Prophet, asSuleiman did, and devored
themselves to Islam. Fle charge
‘Muhammad's message first ro-all the neighboring mor
tal cribes, and then to the handful of Cainites who
haunted the Naje.

The word of Muby
spread like the desert wind to every comer
THe Sworn oF ALLAH

After his first year in Madina, the Prophet cumed
hisattentionsonce again to Mecea, the city of his birth
He vowed to return there again — not ac. supplant.
bur asa conqueror, Muhammad told his people that
Alllah had ordered him to make war on the unbelieve

ntil there is no more persecution and all men follow

childer, who came each night to pray at the mosque
heard the words of the Prophet and rumed their ener
sies to learning all they could of the Quraysh and their
movements. Though thn

were merchants and pilgrims who came and went
through the city. Before long, a steady stream of infor
nparted to the Prophet throush A

them to sprea

amad and the revelations of God
Arabia

was
son-in-law
Muhammad by rit the Quraysl by
kinat the metehantearavanseonnec ting Mecca to
aj and beyond. After some initial successes, the
an caravan of
The
y discovered Muhammad's inten-
however, and sent a hysterical plea for help to
"The Quraysh hurriedly assembled an artay of a
thousand men and went to rescue the caravan. The
army of the Propher amounted to just over 300 men
Bax,
wartehed the enemy army

ah to destroy the

is war aj

tions,
Mece:

The twa a valley set omid @
chain of low bills, Mult
advance and prayed to
raged throughout the morniry, while the
and slept inna lust snake of
the battle. Then, just around midday, a sandstorm rose
sucidenly. Some of Muhanumad's men swore they saw the
whiterurbansofangelsswirlingin thestorm. ThePropher's
men fought with al and charged the confused

who fled in rout. The Quraysh lost 70men and
hhad uncther 70 captured. The
during the fighting, Muhammad gsinedahuge qu
plundered weapons, armor and ransoms. The
Madina suffered only 14 deal. Overjoyed at their God
aiven victory, the Muhammadans started on a path of

th the caravan escape


y, THe .
Those few vampires who inhal
populated Acahin at the days of the! feh
the riseof terrible testamentto the will of God
ia hn ce tie ndandembrace
‘his position (ts the Prophet, 9 wail auctible only to
Cainites cine ro emanste from the holy city oF
| Secs nd course throughout the rion. Even
the hijra, the Keening manifested itselfiasa
sound UE ee al
dawn, iste ne ispermg roar by
noon, robbing Cainites of chiete slumberand haan-
smerinig away at theif sanity. The Keening grew
stronger the neater a vampire came to Mecca, and
gre ae yet foot See the city. was,
in blinding white flaine.

Soleiman and oxher
sedfered the Ke

Heiciy ioe ants one tecuey
gaint

ree

nee wards =)

iy Hm Cainites

onquest that would take them to the borders of Anbin

and beyond.
The news of Muhammad's improbable victory at
itther bolstered his reputation asa divine mes-
holy decrees. As word
He continued his
hoping to taunt the

cit seat of power

hisleves

epree

shadows. He
peaceably with each arrival, uging them
word of the Prophet and embrace Allah, Most were 100
old to accept that any god could still lay claim to their

Js, but a rare few, mostly those still young

waiting in th

poungh t0

remember their mortal lives, believed the Pro
message and devoted themselves to the One God
Little by little, Madina accumulated a vampiric com:
munity out of proportion with its size or infl
at the town's mosque and acknowledginys
man ibn Abdullah as thetr titular leader.
The Jews of Madina, however, cae
Muhammad wastes and less like the promised M
achings. They began to openly complain
id plunder, In.
the Prophet x
them hypoeri di declared that Al
thar henceforth the holy p
direction of Mecea in

ers would ben
il of Jerusalem,

Tue Lorp of Arabia
Muhacnmad's war with che Quraysh cate toahead
in 626, when the Meccans assembled a force of 10,000
men twreonquer Madin nd cand lo
all, The Propher held x counc:
fed that they diga trench
wutheastern quarter of the-city. Within six
doy the ditch was completed, and when the Quen

ter of single combats and swe
ccustomed tosic
ampted several attacks but were b
finally they settled down and tried to starve the Mu-
hammadans our.
For his part. the P'
Hismen were

sphet had reason to be worried.
tvified at the size of the Quraysh army,
andrumorswere circulating that the Meccansexpected
aan uprising within the city. Further, Muhammad re
ceived new disciple, that
the Bani Qu ofthe city's Jewish
secret communication with the Quraysh, hoping ti
hetray the town to the invaders t
Muhammad and his followers

rid themselves of

The siege lasted for a month while Muhamma
foughe to hold his people rogether. The van
Jina kepe the Bani Que
atvempts at sowing unrest. I he Cainites were eager to
slip into the camps of the Quraysh and wreak a horrible
slaughter, but Suleiman didnot permit it. The Nosferatu
however, felt very strongly that ifth
openly use their powers to defeat the Qu
could very well weaken the Prophet's sole
which would place the future of Islam in jeopardy. Fros
thatpointon, the ideaaf non-inte
of the mortal Islamic state became an unwritten law

erence in the affairs

tASABIVYA


among devout Muslim Cainites, which would have
repercussions for centuries to come

Finally, with the Mub
surrender, « wild storm bh
the Meccans' tents and d
The Quraysh, by

dans on the verge of
up one night, flattening
using their cooking fires.
at the Prophet had sum

f the night. Hardly any fs
the siege, bu

it nevertheless, raising Muhanad!

to the dettiment of the rulers in Mecea.

Ax soon as the Quraysh were gone, the Prophet
tured on the traitorous Bani Quraiza. He and his
Fellows cc death, divided their
property among themselves. and consigned their women,
and chil

import

ina, Mubiatimad

The Pi

in February 627
Spies had been sent ahead to spread rumors and strike
fear into the hearts of the M
Mihisinniaad wats 10 mies from the
a sizeable army was waiting for him, ready t:
Judaibiyah, atthe
boundary of holy territory, and settled down to wait.
Emissariesferried between the two armies; Mub
professed nothing more than a desire to
bur the Quraysh weren't convinced,

Finally, however, the Meccans offered surpri

truce. If Muhammad would abandon his
the city that year, he could return the follow:

The Propher stopped.at theo

sit the

the Me
the Muhatrinvach

s would vacate the city for three days so
ll make their pilgrimage unis
ing Quraysh would heallowes!

to join the ranks of the I
permission of their

renounced their foith could remain in Mecew un-
harmed. Surprisingly,
which was intended

Jubammad agreed to the truce,
last for 10 years. His

saw it asa si weakening resolve, He
would be pacient and let the situation ripen, then let
the city fall intohis hands. Many Ashirrahaye claimes
that just as Suleiman and the other devour vampires
leamed ftom the lesons of the Prophet, he in turn
~ainite's sense of patience.
nygsecuredatruce with theQurayah, Muhammad
instokeep hisarmy supplied with plunder
nat rich Jewish colonies throughout
Fadak snd Wadi el-Quia , dee
tof treasure, sone
ruriny te city's inhabitants, News f these
| further increasing the Prop her'sstatis
prestige. Dunne this ine, Muanminiad sent messengers t0
all the neighboring princes and kings in the reg
Noring them to submit to the faith of the One C
onside these mess
nd the vampires of Madina urging the same of any
c ves they foun.

Over the next two years, Muhamuniad's conquests
carried his army to the borders of Yemen in the south
of Arabia and as far nort
heand that i appr
Byzantine inder of the fortress at Hoste and

anvarmy of 3,000 men to
i: the head of the Gul
they met the Byzantine frontier aca
adition,
esmen For two days the Muh
bated attacking the vastly larger P ny, but at
length the poct Abdullah iba Rawaha reminded the
commanders that they were fighting with the stren
of Allal nd in. any event, martyrdom was every bi
desirable as victory, [¢ was the first time the soldiers of
Islam faced a Christian anny, and they suffered a
resoundingdefeat, The Muslin commander was kille
along with Ali'shrothet legend says fought
on until he was surrounded, holding up the banner of
J with bleedliny, stumps after his hands had

1 at Maan appalled
Muhammad, who wept openly for the loss of his kins-
men, Despairing of having his revenge on the Greeks,


ned his attent
of br
vat hi

Bedouin tribe
ind Muh
and the Pr
eirworkon|
mod in is p

He and

ss i
Meceans thit the d
ver, Suleirnan th
ly city some ni
be power of th
igh Mecca Ii
bia were dete
s. One tr
ther m:

y threaten

stopping Muhamn
Hawazin fell in bai
amb

Jors cum:

he Prophet a

he One God. Where h

he Prophet was
giving anyone
Allah. Islam

Muhammad's

ky Syria a

P.

fers
Arabia conceived 1

Messenger, one f

Tue Last SerMor
Allah as the true

nhel

ough to go i

pcession of follower

nmad used th

to Mecea. Th
wls between the Quraysh and

cently converted t
pretext for tl
had eight

pher's

the peopleot

Muhammad. «

rise in power

Thistime
ity Jered with:
white robe
Ka'

way. He prock

Aol scorship in the bol
bn Abu
5 later after 2 hija of his own,
kept him at bay
ad fallen many tribes
to the gods of
the Hawazin,

ied an army

rminiedto hold
ihe in pare

ir em

J once Meee
in February 630, anid afterw
hin ca

to be allowe
ic had been hi

hearted in the
uuraysh, should they ac
before it

the

r

Q
tide, swe

reached all

© way ft
and the new L
‘oft universal empire

for all the workl!

N
| Meceaand placed
is health was failing

bones. When the
sent Abu Bakr
wing spring
fhe went tothe hol

he Kata, shaved his hex

Jose c

should be bre

mpanions, thene!


feuds. When he finished speaking, hi: proclaimed, "Oh
Lord! I have delivered thy mesaige!" Then he made his
way down the mountain and began a slow trek back to his
Malina, By May had fallen sericusly ill,
though stil found the strength to attend prayers. Rew
people thought the end was ear, Only Muhammad'
‘uncle. ail Abus, and the Cainite elder Suleiman implored
the Propher's faster son Ali to speak to Muhammad and
secure hissueccession asthe next leaderof the faithful But
Ali steadfastly refused, and his ill-considered decision
forever altered the course of Islam.
Muhamiuid ibn Abdullah, the kist
prophet, died at around noon on June 8, 632 ina sty
hhut crowded with hisservants and wiv
his life, he said thata prophet s
the place where he

home

nd greatest

Once, during
pull he hid covearch in
1es, 0 his followers: remained
faithful ro his teachingseven at theend. A bole wa:
in the hard, flinty, earth floor, The
night, wroppwd in three ch
into his grave. The man who had si
amand changed the face of Arabia had
ing but at arch of unbaked brick to mark his final
us place

Tue CaAuPHS

Muhammud, the Prophet of Allah, passed from the
world without naming a clear successor to lead the
faithful. His death, only two years after the lightning
campaigns that united Arabia, called the future of the
entire jihad! into question. The elders among his faith-
ful immediately gathered ar the comneil ball in Madina
Jchate and consider the best course for the people t
take. Some of the people felt that All, Muhammad's
son-in-law, wie the obvious choice, owing to his kin:
actle against the infidels
Others pointed our, with some justification, that Abu
Bakr — one of the Prophet's clasest companions and
the father of his wife ‘A'isha — washetter suited to the
role of spiritual and temporal leader. Abu Bakr refused
ing that others were more fit to teal. Bu
the wishes of the majority prevailed, and hewas chosen
to lead. Bakr accepted the title Khal
meaning "suceessor to the Messenger of
his followers, bitterly disappointed hy this tu
events, tefused to acknowled
Muhamnvad'

at first, sugge

his father as
‘cessor, creating «rift between the
pt for revoltand bloodshed

true believersand apreced
that haunts Islam still
By the time Suleiman ibn Abdullah awoke that

evening, the damage had already been done. The

Cainites of Madina gathered at the mosque and de

VEIL OF NIGH

Ihated what should be done. Khalid ibn Sahl, a young
and zealous Mushakis from the wastes «if the Najd
pointed out that, even as Mubaramad died, so would all
his mortal successors, until finally there would be
caliphs in Madina who had never sat at the Propher's
feet of heard his sermons in the mosque. Would it not
be better if Cainite were co be caliph, to keep
Muharmad's memory and teachings ulive and nal
tered until the end of days? Khalid's words made sense
to many of the Cainites, but Suleiman disagreed. The

ple had chosen Abu Bakr. Clearly i wns the will of
Alllah, and the elder argues! chat it was their duty to
serve the caliphate with all the devotion that they had
shown to the Propher himself

Law anv Oxper
Abu Bakr took little j
set before him, His was by no meansa unified empire
as word of the Prophets<leath spread through the land,
many tribes revolted against the new caliph, refusin
icknowledge his authority or pay him the talat tax
expected of every Muslim, At the time the caliph had
a lange army at his disposal, one previously recruited ©
march against the Byzantines and avenge the defeat at
Mu'sn. Many of Aba Bakr's advisors argued that the
armiy should remain at Madina and defers thecity, bu
the dutiful new caliph said only thor it had bees
Muhammad's will for the army to punish the Greeks;
the fate of the city would remain in Allah's hands
alone. The army left for the frontier, and Abu Bake
settled down to weather any attacks the rebel
launch on the city, Within two months the city
itself besieged by an insurgent army. Abu Bakrordered
‘night sortie with every able-bodied man who could
carry a weapon, ahd the a
‘Thanks to Suleiman and his brethren, there were
reports of angels moving amid the Muhammadan:
shouting verses of the Que'an and slay
thar came against them. Army ornoarmy, Madina was
never de
Before long, the army returned from the S}
Jer having uchieved little against the Byzantin
the caliph now felt that his obligation to the
Propher had been fulfilled. Without delay, he un-
cashed his forces on the rebels who threatened to tear

in the responsibility now

hers were driven

every rebe

mpire apart

The camage thar followed was immense. While
the Qur'an taught that mercy toa defeated enemy was
the will of God, there was no forgiveness fat those who
} and liter renounce it, [ny ane notable
ncient city of Yamamah, the Muslims
attacked a rebel urmiy of 60,000. After ch

accept the fai
at the


. the gates of the city were breached and over

0) of the infidels massicreal, The losses among the
faithful were heavy aswell. In those days, the Que

being Muhammad's revelations and teachings — was

not in.a collected, written form, but memorized in bits

and pieces iy those whe followed him. The thought of

caliph tw order his secretary 10 begin puttin
Quran in written form. St and the vamnpi
Madina threw themselves wholeheartedly i
task, mecting scholars discreetly in the mosques
impacting firsthand meme

from the Prophet. During this period Sulein
pressed upon his brethren that they, as immortal

1 sacred duty as undying receptacles of the Proph
tea igs. He encouraged them to share their memo-
rics with one another as well, keepityg

of what they had head

Prophet's
words alive for generations to come.
The blooly process of pacification continued for
the next year anda half, During thar rime, the begin-
rings of an adminiserarive infrastructure upheld law
and order through the conquered territories. By this
time, the Cainite population in Madina had grown
very large, and Suleiman directed his brethren to
spreadacross Arabia and establish themselves as guard
ians over the growing Islamic communities. The
as well, and Abu Bakr found himself
ynal more to the Quraysh, Muhammad's
id tribe and ane-time enemies, to fil impart
within the new order. The aristocratic Umayyad el
led by the powerful and devious Abu Sufi
the governorship of the Najd and the Hija
sons, Yazicl and Mu‘awiya, gained prominent f
within the amy, Abu Bakr believed in. Mubanmiad's
call for brutherhood between the tribes, bur the
Umayyads had different plans,

Once Arabia had been retumed to order, the
ies north once again to
a. A handful of Mastin:
1, discreetly accompa
le intelligence to its
force of

Jevout caliph turned his an
n the Byzantines in Sy
Cainites, led by Khalid iba S
nied the army, providing im
commander, In the auturan of 633, 1» Musli
9.000 men confronted the conscript forces of Sergins,

the patrician of Palestine, and overwhelmed them in
surprise attack. The Byzantine Emperor, Heracliusy
had been expecting the Muslim army for some ti
and had prepared hisarmy to defend Syria until he felt
confident enough to counterattack. The plan worked
well, and Heraclius was preparing his counteroffensive
when he received word that another Muslim army had
flonked him with a lightning march actoss the
Jesert and now threatened his ceat, Caught bet

two arm lis was defeared on July 30, 634 on
the plain of Ajnadayn just west of Jerus
survivors retreated in ach, anal all af Palestine
fy cpen to th ny

‘Abu Bakrdid his
Onter was restored,

ity to theempire nobly and well
ind the defeat of Ma'an was finally
avenged. rule was nor destined
alongone. 'sclosesren
and within two ye

health failed him, Hi

deathbed, he designated L

he caliph
on August 24, 634. On his
sryanother af the Prophet's
ons, co-suceeed hin

EXPANSION
‘Abu Bakr wasa gentle isan who aceupteal his roe
of n-sense of duty ca the Prophet
her hand, accepted the mantle witha
He saw his role as being the sword of
ing the world in the behet of the Une God

Umar continued the work begun by Abu Bakr, com
ting & lightning conquest of Syria und defeating
Heraclius once and forall in 636, driving him back to
Constantinople. It was during this rime that the Banu
Hagim first took serious notice of Isham, witnessing its
pure focus and discipline under the reign of Umar. The
first Muslims hrought into the elan's warrior caste were
drawn from Umar's army in Syria, and itis very likely
that Banu Hagim assistance, along with the indirect
efforts of Suletman's brethren, allowed the
time and time again, It certainly helped
es who infected parts of the Bysan

counter the C:
tine army and bureaucracy,
The Muslin terms of surrender for the cities of
Deu us anal Jerusilem were generous and civilized,
and became the model for similar terms in Liter Muslis
conquests. Inhabitants were given the opportunity
convert tu Islam, Those who did not were allowed
leave with whittever possessions they could carry and
aple of the Book," that
is, Jews and Christians, were allowed (0 remain as
ddhimmi, or protected people, but they had to pay: poll
tax, surrendering one-fifth of their goo ach
The cities were not plundered, nor were theit inh.
ants unduly persecuted, So long as the lives of Mustitns
went unhindered and the tx was paid, the empire was
content 10 leave nonbelievers in peace.

were escorted from the city,

By the same token, expansion into Syria and Pal
estine brought Muslim yampites int contact with
established Cainire cotts that cared nothing for Allah
or the jihad. ln these cases, there was no question of
discretion or restraint. Muslim Cainites, led by the

*ASABLYY,


zealous Khalid thn Sabl, unshe
delivered th

el their swords and
ame altirnats princes of each
conquered

Cainites were encouraged t

allegiance to the caliph but were not required to doso,
Nonbs
Aid 1

could remain in the city so long as they
interfere with or prey upon Muslims, and paid
the poll tax. Those who did noraccepr these terms and
wished to leave free wo do so. In Jerusalem, the
Muslim Cainites' corms were accepted peaceably, and
the majority of the city's s ¢ population
departed tor Byzantivm, In Damascus, the local Ray'een
al-Fen preserved thett authority by accepting Islam. ln
Aleppo, he Muslitn vampines founcla powerful Assyrian
prince narwed Mamet. Having only recently gained
pre nce over the other factions in the ancient
city, he was dismissive of the Musliny ultimatum, He
tore Khalid' emissary to pieces and vowed to bathe his,
city in Muslim blood. For a year after the mortal
conquest of the city, Khalid and his fellows hunted
Mamet's brood, slaying every last one. Of course, this
conly strengthened the oth
under a constant

ctions inthe city. Since
pted Islam, Aleppo bas suffered
vampiric power strugele
‘Unt further expanded the empire i 636, defeating
the mighty Persian Empire at Quoidiyah then: nishing
f seize the capitalat Cesiphon, For the first rime,
the Muslims bebekl the riches of un old and decadent
empire, and enormous caravans of gold and slaves made
theit way hack ro Madina, further fueling: the eycle of
expansion. The conquest of Persia was both a mighty
victorysind sdeailly pson to the sprit ofthe faithful. Not
only dil the trappings of Persion civilization rempt the
conquerors with its solt und luxurious ways, but forthe first
tiie the Muslims had pushed their way onto kands that had
been the domain of ancient and unliving powers
at list, the word of Allah came to the
who were ancient in theirambitions. and whos
lim canse ns both. naive idealism andl a tool to

ention of

further their nuny schemes The Persian Cainites stepped
aside and allowed the Islam
slowly began their irr

vampires in, then ever se
anew. The migh
behind to yovem from Cresiphon were at the merey of
these vanipiresand theirsubtle machinations, which even
twlly worke their way throughout the world of Is
Unae's canny mpleted by th
quest of Egypein 639, aftera lengthy siege at Ale
The siege was be ly through the treachery of the
Egyptian governor Cyrus, who had been led to believe
ight bo allowed to rule the eity asan indepen:
¢ Muslim conquest. Much of
»tintions occurred through Cainite intermedi+

VEIL OF NIGHT

the blooxlshed at Aleppo, Khalld was lc
tw instigate another fight ina ity of such pei
Knowledge and culture. The siege ended when
Marcellus, the Ray'een al-Fen prince of Alexandria,
embraced Islam, then turned his influence an Cyrus to
open the city's ates: After the fall of the city, Marcellus
a passionate appeal to the vampires of the city,

calling upon them to puraside elan loyalties and take
tap the cause of Islam asashirra, which in Atubic tneans
"brethren." Many c ‘ varupires took tip the
fname, and afterwards Muslim vampires used the word
exclusively when referring to one another

Unnar's reign lasted cen years, and he directed his
efiortsnor only rowan expand air hutalso
to formalising the laws of the

pilarion of the Quran, He dispatched teachers of the
Quean toevery comicrof the land and established schools
of Islamic jurisprudence to instruct' Mustinn judges in

Ue gained a police force, le
effective census to de

‘mine accurate tax collection and military recruitment
Sally, Umar ois slats ly at former Persia
stabbed him as he was entering
repartaly occurred be the sl vyed that the

ip had made an un nent against hinn ina begal
tmacter, He died in 644, a tragedy oversheidowed by his
morn te choice of successor

CORRUPTION
None know p
ibn Affan to sec

shive who

The attack

ly why Umar chose
caliph, Cer
sest-comp
and a son-in-law, like Ali. Unfortunately, b
proud of his relationship to the Umayyad elian and
Wasted no time remavingeapableand prover leadersin
favor of close rel il favored friends. Within a
decade, members of the Umayyad elun had occup
‘cirtually all of the major civil and mil
The Quraysh might have failed to thwart Mul
whilehe lived, bur the
ultimately control all that the Prophet had
Urhman's corruption. was ensemi
caliph lacked the leadership to keep the!
focused on the will of Allah. Many h
manders complained about
distant Mec

‘estates. The borders of Islam continued to expand, more
anything eke, reaching as far as
an inthe


oftoth Umarand Abu Bakr before hit, did nocescape the
touch of Uthnun. The caliph orderedinew versionofthe
book writ Jownplayed the squabbles between the
Prophet and the Qumaysh ond purhisclan ina much more
favorable light: Uthman then onlered tharall othercopies
holy text be destroyed, including the copies in the
possesion of Muhimmad's own family, so only his sub-
stantially altered version survives wo this day.
Such abuses could not continue for long without
spawning disco

REVoLCrion
is passed and che Umayyad treasuries
re those who loudly disparaged the greed
of Uthman and claimed that his actions we
accord with the word of the Prophet. The most vocal
of these dissenters was Mi J ibn Abu Bakr, a
supporter <I but still determined

towin the caliphate he believed washisdue, Muhurnmad
tba Abu Bakr took 500 men inte Madinaand took over
themesque, callingonthe caliph roabdic an,
considered by many tobe the
ofthe Ashitra, agonizedoverthee!
authority bat ultimately believed
but to align with Aliund his partisans. It was clear that
if Udhman's vorrupeion continued, the empire would
eventually disintegrate. E mportantly, among
the many revisions that Uthman mide to the Qur'an
imination of the Prophet's offer of redemp-
nites. Nooneknows what prompted Uthman
to make the change, but as a result, Suleiman ha
support rebellion for the Ashiera tosurvivens mem
of the Muslim community. The Ashirra took noa
against the caliphate, but neither did they protect it
Uthouin attempred to negotiate with Muhammad
Abu Fake, appearing personally a the mosque to
speak co the dissenters, When they ci
step down, Uthman refused, saying that he could not
put aside the muintle thar God had placed on him.
Enraged, the crowd threw stones at the caliph, seri-
ously injuring him and driving hint back to his home.
In the days that followed, the rebels hoped for signs
that the caliph would step down, but none were torth-
coming.

was the
cnt

roup ofmen tdi
the rebels slipped inside Uchn

ret the quards at the
me upon him while he read the Qur'an in the

nily. For all his failings, Urhman

faced death calmly. The assassins struck him down, his
blood staining the pages of holy hook. Though the
and the other Ashirra worthies did nothing.

certainly they knew of the plan,

and the guilt ofthe deed haunts the ellersof the sect to
the present ni
Ali had bee eo nuaintain his distance from

«ockaim the caliphate

Bur his succession was by no m
careful plans. Many
Uthman's mu

assured, despite his
Madina were horrified at
nor of Syria and a
justice. "A'sha
Muhuammeaat's third wife and the daughter of Abu Bake
oully decried Ali's worthiness and raised her own
army to oppe Where he had hop
and straightforward succession, now All
portersfaced the real possibility of eivi way
the title of caliph from the faithful ar Madi
off for his home in al-Khufa, on the tanks of the
Euphrates, to establish a new capital that had ne
connection tw the memory of the fallen Uthm:
Suleiman and the rest of the Ashiera elders left Mad
with Ab remorseful and wn fume to procsed: By
doing so, they robbed Islam's Cainites of clea leader
ship in the cumulnuous period lead
cer establishing himself at al-Khufi, Ali con
fronted ‘A'isho and her array, defeating her ina bloody
tele at Basra in 656. ‘Aisha was captured during the
battle and forced inte political exile in Madina. That
left anly Mutawiya, govemor of Syria, who had as
sembleda huge army of his own. The awa forces met on
the plains of Siffrin, in Iraq, in 657. Both armies were
evenly matches, and neither side was eager to start the
fight. Ali artempred to negotiate with |
tying that it was best for the empire if it were united
nidechisrule. Muvawiya c hat
ald be 10 f
aged. Ni

for simple
his sup.
inceepted
a, then set

sis enemy,

e until the munder of Uthman.
ations finally broke down, and a
» full-scale hurtle

me of Mu‘iwiya's
od the
he ends of their
h sides took it to.

‘appeared that All was winning,
yenerals conceived of 1 way te
troops stuck pages of the Qur'an
them aloft, and be
mean that they were asking for God to intercede and
arbitrate the dispute, The fighting ceased, robbing Al
of victory, Both armies returned « capitals — al
Khuufa sand Damascus — and each side sent a medurtor
to a neutral location to argue their respective: situa
tions. Unfortunately, Ali was persuaded by hisadvisors
to pick a man of great piety but little political skill,
while Mu‘awiya sent an exceedingly crafty represen
who managed to trick Al's
hefther party had a supertor clam to the caliphate. The
decision left the two sides deadlocked, but that was in

vonflict. Hi

an into agreeing thar

Muawiya's favor. The longer the situation went unre:


Alvappeared. For

ruling over Syria, Egype and

Mu'awiya did not have long
ned issent set by All and his
the Khawarij (or "seceders") who violently
1 the partitioning of the empire and sou
revenge against the two men respansible. They
tokill Mu‘awiya but succeeded with Ali. The Proph
foster son wasnssassinated on furantty 24, 6

wait. The prec

tro un of only five years, His munder granted
hima degree of glory that he neverachieved in life,and
hissupporters held him upasadivine martyrandasant
hiinself, He wis buried outside al-Khufa: Hissupporters

and, by ext on, the Ashirr, till
make p wes to his resting phice

THe C(Mayyab Dynasty

{him toabstioate iny
rerum for an of five million
ssan vanished from the political arena to liv
n his: vast estares,
Mo‘awiya alone, who from the ¢
Ld be ne fury ble with succes
J to create a dys
wit Was atm
not afraid

nit leader and statesman, and his reign did much

the al nan, his kinsman. Ruling

he empire from Damascus, his generals continued the
to North Africa, the
walls of C nuple
ind 674, Islamic armies fought the
Jow of their great city, ont

he beaten hack. An intelligent and im:

wwiya created an Islamic navy und reformed the
ticsof thearmy qo tollow the Byzantine melel ofthe
the transition from Islamic rulers of the rough
wok tothe more civilized c

ate Byzantium and C

s, however, Mu'awiy

» the people, and was

known 10 joke
claimants appearing before his court. He was the
phate to his son Yat

oy tT Tt LL ELL

a ®


Yazid, whose mother was a Christian slave named

Maysun, was an amiable and charming man with a

great Jove for art and poetry but no talent for leader-
ship. 1t waw'said that nor a single day of his re

sober. He ruled the empire for three years, and

period was one unrelieved tragedy. On his

«i, Mu'awviyi had warned his son that the great

threats to his rule at

Ji, Ali's second so

med from two men: Hus
and Abslullah ibn Zubayr,
Mecean Shiite who refused to swear allegiance to the
Umayyads. Yazid's fist act as caliph was to send mes.

co demand the allegiance of both: men. The
heads of the mess rs were retumed to the caliph in
short order.

Husays, in his father's home at al-Khufa, was
pessuaded toriseupand take the caliphate, The Ashirra,
who had shielded Ali's sons from danger durin
Mu‘awiya's reign, found themselves ance again come
volt. The Ashirra put their

agsupport fora popusruprising
of Husayn, but the son of Ali did ne

pelledto aid an attempt

ve the
such indirect measures and set out at once
for Damascus. Yard. alerted of Husayn's approach,
anged ro have him intercepted him only 20 miles
fromal-Khufa and had him and his tetinuestaughtered
while his greatest allies slept, powerless to intervene.
Yarid'srash action further polarized hisopponents,
and hoth of Ali's sons became venerated by the Shiites
ss. Not only did the murder inspire hatred
the Shiites, it also created repercussions that
sd ofragmentthe Ashirraaswell. Yazid'smen
ing_and murdering Shiites wherever they
e first time ly a century,
vampires were being hunted in Islamic cities, not
because of what they were, but because of what they
believed. Suleiman argued for the Ashirra to stay
removed fivin the blooxshed — there was already too
auch blood on Muslim Cainites' hands. But
the Ashima, especially the Brujah Khalid, fier
der of Ali'saans dem

threatet
were persecu
could be found. For

reed. The
and no ane was strong encugh to,
the Ashirra, For the first rime in their history, the
Must inites were wracked with bitter infighting
juse when the empire needed their influence the most

With H WY d his attention to
Abdullah ihn Zubayr, who continued to denounce the
Umayyads from the holy city of Mecea. 2
agents po the streets of Mecea and M;
uprising against the local governor. Yi
‘army of 12,000 Sy

¢ justice done

1 sent
ineiting an

with uassent toe
revolt. A rebel army marched from Madina to battle

the Syrians bur was no match for the caliph's forces.

had told the commander of the army to show no
mercy, He followed his orders to the letter,

Forthe next chree d
Madina, raping her people and pillaging her homes,
The Syrians turned Muhammad's mossue 1
and destroyed colleges, hospitals and schools. Then
they turned their attention to Mecca, The
tured the heights around the eit
engines to bombard the defenders into
During the protmcted bombardment, the holy Ka'ba
bumed to the ground, and the sacred Ka'ha stone was
broken into three pieces. Abdullah wrapped the
inasilkccloth and hid them in bis h
was lifted

Mecea never submitted to the Syrians, News

death on November 10,

683, and they returned to Damascus, leaving Abdul
in control
months after becoming caliph. To succeed hie
Umayyads turned to) Marwan ibn Hakim, whe
lied after less than nine months in power. B
eset fn id without, Te needed
brilliant leader like the first Mu'awiya; in ‘Abd al:
Malik they got all of Mutawiya's ferocity but none of his
charm, For 21 years, he fought tenaciously to hold the

re cogether and ruthlessly eliminated dissent in
Arabia, Iraq and even his native Syria, Shiites were

the Syrian army tuned on
>a stats

until the siege

persecuted and killed wherever possible, until the move
went underground with irs believers conc
their tue faith. To combat the reign of the "anti
caliph" Abdullah in Mecea, "Abd al-Malik ordered the
1 event greater temple where loyal
snpire could worship, Set is Jerusalem
over the ruins of Solomon's temple, the great Dome of
the Rock was built over the place where Muhammad
mounted his winged horse for the Mitt back to M
Tronically, this savage caliph ushered in an
gloriousarchitectureand mosaic art that cured hon
mosques and public buildings into graceful and ¢
objects af contemplation and beauty. Thirteen years
after ussiming power, "Abd al-Malik shattered the
influenceothisrival Abdullah in yet another assault
Mecca. Upon his death, Hh managed to pass th
le of a relatively peaceful empire t
Walls, who in his time saw the ish
of its power and influence
‘Al-Walid presided over the greatest period of the
Umayyad reign, and possibly the greatest period ot
Islamic rule in general. He m
peace wonso dearly by hisfather

his son al

y rencl the height

the best use of the
id builearchitectural

SASABIYYA


vs, hit
adorn its

cascompleted, the
theproject weighed
down a train of 18 mules; al-Walid refused ro even
glance at the books. orde

wonders like the Umayyad Mosque in Da
ingan < faraway as Byz
walls. When the awesome structure

ns fs
account hooks detailing the costs

ng the records burned.
ars became promin
1 called learned men
ctine hiseourt. ALWalid's
tw look beyonul the botders of th
northern parts of le
Bur the re
the triumph overaneient Perst
an obscure Berber na

1 fixtures at court, as the
an all partsof the empire
notals, tee once again
empire, brought the
ia under Islamic rule,
est conquest of all, greater even than
occurred in 7 when
Tariq ibn-Ziyad crossed th
his name (Jabal

tinued on with 7,000 men

narrow strait herwoon A
quering a rocky island that still be
Teng, or Gibraltar), he ec
and descended on the Spanish province of Algeciras,
the last of the Visigorhiec kings
Within three years, the Muslims had pushed the
Ire foot of the Pyren i began-asan
impromptu raid turne of the richest
When the con-
£Spainadecheir triumphal entry to Damascus
5, they artived at the head of a column comprising
0 Visigothic nobility, still wearing their heavy gold
chains of office; « thousand Spanish virgins: and
coravan of plundered yold and jewels tharstrerched f
more than a mile. Al-Walid lived to see the of
plunder presented to le in the courtyard of rhe
Great Uinayyad Mosque, then died two weeks later, ar
the height of the empire's glory, After his passing, the
Umayyads continu nother 35 years, but
in the Shiite stronghold of al-Khufa, the fires of rebel
lion were being patently stoked.
The persecution of the Shiites hai continued

Spare pees.
into the plurs

mv the Muslims had ever

and with every yeat
fury. Disaffected
wanted nothing
mote ike at the "usurpers" claiming the title
ofealiph, Intypical Cainite fashion, they waited forthe
rise of a likely mortal leader to beyin the assau
In the meantime, Khalid strength-
ww Hagim of Alamur. At
last, two Shiite leadersstepped forward, ready to drown
the Umayyads in blood: a former Persian slave wh
called himself Abu nm, and Abdu' Abbas
pdullah, the hiead of the "Abbasid clan. These
‘ised anarmy 120,000-strongat al-Khutah, and Abdul
Abbas pronounced his allegiance ty the memory of

nayyad dynast
act of violence fed Shit
he Ashirra, be

members
nan tos

VEIL OF NIGHT

Ali. ‘Abbas was promptly elected caliph by the Shiites.
‘The army marche! on Damascus.

The ‘Abbasid army mer the Umayyads near Arbela
in January 750. The ‘Abbasid soldiers were dressed
entirely in black, and it is reported that they moved like

tons, heedless of any risk or danger. They never

t fought like demons, and
it to flight. Some of these
from the Ashirra and Banu Haim why
moved amid the "Abt d forces, but the Shiite war
iors' dedications, seu zeal after long
oppression is most responsible for their
superhuman prowess on the n
deed, they pursued theirenemiesall the way back tothe
e list Umayyad caliph, Marwan al

Abxlu'l"Abbas, who took the name
ood," assumed the c2
y that still endures,

the Umayyad army
Mories ste

Himar, was

al-Saffah, or "the Shedder of
liphate and establishes! a dy

Toe ‘Apsasip Caupnare

Though the Abbasids swept into pow
toright the wrongs of the Umayyads, their retgn be;
in scope than their predecessors' crimes. The Umayyad
caliph's relatives, no matter how distantly connec
were put to death, Even the bodies of the long:
Umayyad caliphs were exhumed and burned. Kb
and other militant Ashi

Je Ladly feeding

their enemies. Suleiman and his "traditionalist
Ashirra were less enthusiastic. They took th

ostensibly

tions as a sign that th
tolerace any opposition — living or d
member of the Umayyad clan escaped the
ar-Rahn Au‘awiya was 19 whe led Damascus
with hisbrotherand youngson. The vengeful ‘Abbasids
caught his brother and beheaded him, bur Abd-ar
hman escaped to Moreccoand eventually across thie
ait to Spain. Despite intensive searches by the
‘Abbasids, with the militant Ashita supporting their
se, the young wanderer eluded his pursuers. Though
Suleiman hasnever admitted i.
him (and perhaps the wing of the Qubilat al-Khayal)
played a role, perhaps as an attempt to atone for the
mitted by the rogue members of his sect

msthat help from

He de of Spain in 756
lish pital at Cordoba. Like his an«
wasa brilliant ruler, estab
‘his own that made the kingdom ¢
Hof both East and West for more than


Like Ali, wh

from the ley

had left Mecea to separate himself
vy of the first three caliphs, the ‘Abbasids
moved the capital of the empite to Hashimiya in
northern rag. The powerbrokers of the new dynasty
soon decided they needed on entirely new capital,
which suited the militant Ashirma very well indeed
The new capital of Baghdad, by the banks of the Tige
would welcome and protect the faithful — living and
ike, The eeasure of the empire was put at the
poral of the city'sbuilders, who complete their task
nly four years. Almost as soon is it wats comple
Baghdad became a vibrant center for the arts and
sciences, drawing scholars, poets and musicians from
hw ce the city

oss the empire. not long bet

symbolized everything that was gre

Inrrigaes aND Division:

Iklam appeared stable. Trade flourish
every city it seemed new
tals were being built, Bur a hidden war tore
of Islam.

Suleitnan and bis followers were ini
unawares hy the militantsand their bloody revolt; they
had ro admit that supporting the Shiite cause had
finally dislodged the Umayyads who had erased their

ses of redemption. But submission to Al

little todo with the goinysan in.

Khalid and his militant A:
Baghdad, bending mortals and other vampites to the

willsin ways reminiscent of Rome and Constantinople.
Vampires who paid only lip service to Islam were
cluding Banu

i
had nested in Damas
Umayyad capital
Suleiman and his followers bent their enngies 10
removing the militants' grip on the caliphate. While
"Abbasid nobles feasted in ghitering hall, a fierce w
incrigue raged in Baghdad and beyond. The two Cainite
factions grappled over the empire and strugeled to keep
om wrecking it in the process, like two tigers fighting
overaspartaw's egg, Borh sides worked through knewing
and unknowing mortal proxies, vying for political and
onomie supremacy. Many rejoiced ar seeing the unitied
Je of Islamic Cainites shatter in the face of od
toned ideolouy and persewrutl
the Ashirra had taken upon inself the charge of keeping
phate free of outside manipulations, allowing the
Empire to grow. without machin 1 infidel
Cainites. Now the elders of Persi
ves welcomed in the courts of Baghdad as the
t Ashirm sought alliances to counter the greater
influence of the traditionalists.

is when it was the

cerulas, For centuries,

ried toreclaim Spain, b
© manipulations eon:
tributed to a decisive defeat at Badajoz around 770. In
‘Abb

Byzantines, for

the
9 sue fo pea
early rribure of 5,00
dinar, bur the vicious eyele € intrizue and t
caliphate's de ¢ sapped the strc
oftheir ently religious fervor. The Muisimn ‘asabryya wn
facling, like a care reaching the end of its wick
Fro $3 onward, Islam fell into» slow dee! as
immortal beings tought to decide tute
sessive caliphs lost interest in managi

the afiairs of theirsprawling empire, consuricd in petty
igues thar were a reflect
work in their midst

inf the undead fe

ireed, corruption and murder
mmonplice. Revolts he
moment ante was brutally crush

more frequent
J, another arose
elsewhere. Morocco broke away completely. ire ruler
forming a dynasty of his own. The infighting grew so
vicious that both factions of the Ashirra began to |
sight of the purpose of their struggle. Both parties we
surprised when, in 836, Caliph Muhamrnadal-Mu'tasien
decided that the only way to survive without becoming
18 puppet or being tiurdered in his sleep was to remove
imself from Baghda letely. Al-Mu'tasim relo-
cated his court 10 the city of Samara and surnunded
Inlanself with # bodlyguard of Turkish mereenuries.

com

The move caught be
prise. Even in the worst of the
theealiph remained sicrosinct. Worse, Al-Mu'tasio's
decision had removed him fre
him in another. By depending on the protection of
Turkish guards, the caliph put his fare, and that of h
s, enti their hands. For the next
years, the dh the whims of the
Turkish guard, nani tring ot puppet caliphs
with more ruthlessness than the Ashi
As the influence of the caliphate waned, regismal
governors paid less und fess attention te edicts from
mara and insceaul ruled their domains as they saw tit
Once again al-Khufa b

i vamnpisic as by sur

one danger but placed

i ever dared

me directed against 1 Abbisill rulers, A
nl of especially 1 1, the Qurniatians,
went on a rampage in 929, raiding Bayen and going on
toattack Damascus. The puppet caliphs were unable to
oppose them, and more followers jained their ranks, By
sar, neurly all of Arabia was under their

rol. The Qarmatians waylaid pilgrim caravans for
ransom, and in930 their outrage drove them tosackthe
holy city of Mecea, Thiny thousand pilgrims
slaughtered, and the fanatics pulled down the Kaba

decadent
Shi

ASABLY YA

SS ae

Oe

wars


ne and carried itback twcheirb aval-Absa, Never
before had the successors.of Muhammad been shown to
the ses utterly helpless

Asimilardecline wasabooccurringin the Umayyad
caliphate of al-Anetalus. Successive caliphs had turned
the Spanish kingdom intoa fine jewel, eh
mosques, palaces and universities. Bucech yearseemed
to sip the strength of the conquerors, making them
lF-absorbed and indolent, Before
Christians of Spain were rising in revolt, supported by
the Frankson the other side of the Pyrenees. More and
more, the Andalusian ealiphsdependedon thestrength
{their Sh ries co keep the Christ
ind their own relatives — in line. Soon
hostages to theirawn guants, rhe

Nocrarnat Marrers
The Qarmnatian atrocities at Mecea were an awak-
ening for the Ashirra, When the sect took the Black
i the Keening thar had roared
\tsince hefore thedaysof the Prophet grew
It was ike « message from Allah —the holiness
ants she
y and Khalid could barely contain
their mutual animosity. True cooperation was impos
sible without the appearance of an intermediary.
Murashacid from Andalus named Tarique filled the
role. A pooverful blood! wird who had studied with
we masters both living und de:
Baghdad to submit to Allah. Like any yoo! Musi
wished to make a pilgrimage co Mecea 3
asked the worthies of the Ashirra to join him
Suleunan, Khalid, Tarique and a few others tray-
eled south roward Mecea. Although the Keening no.
longer ated, the event was trily momentous, They
wealked the pilgrim's path and siw the ruined Kaba
They felt the hreathof God upon them. Together, they
committed themselves to. setting matters aright
Tarique, now tikitg the name al-Haji (the

ie merce!

\ey, were

done. But Suleim

prepared mighty wands to dampen the Keen

stone in 950, The Keent

Qarmatians t
roared anew
it's wards worked just as he ine
ing could still be felt throughout
ninder of Allah's power than
nites out of the area, B
Jina was still a great calle
Gand rare faith ec

. but those
do so. Tarique and
whe now called themselves the Hajj —
indians of the ci

his childer

became the g es to prevent either of

the Ashirnafactionstromclaimingthem. Both Suleiman
and Khalid undertook the ha
of the

ew andl faced the rage
us proving their worth,

Dynastic Sirts

As the Ashitra focussed on matters af
sect, mortal dynasties shifted once again, The
Buwayhids, 1 tribe of Shiites from the southern shores
of the Caspian, seized control of Baghdad iry 945 und
systematically eliminated the influence of the Turks
The Buwayhids then took on the role of caliphate
puppeteer, marrying into the "Abbasi household and
directing the course of the empire from theit home in
the city of Shirat. Next, a faction of Qa

led themselves Fatimids, conquered Egypt and Syria.

relocate to Cairo at this time.

vithy nd

ance of power shifted
amarny of Muslim Turksarrivedar the gatesof Baghdad
The Turks. led by their chieftain Taghrul, had con.
quered Khurasan from the local governor and now set
theirsig! a larger prize. Inspired by the Buwayhids,
or pethaps secretly influenced by Cainice infidels
Toghrul demanded an audience with the coliph. A
series of arrangements were made, anil 1 the of
the caliph pronounced Togheul to be the
ghdad., In a single stroke, the penwer of the
Buwayhids had been broken. The ‘Abbasids were oy
again beholden to Turkish masters, but this was ne
of palace guards, The militant Ashin
the capital for their old haunts in al-Khutfa to lick thei
wounds and plan their eventual ret

In Recent Nigitrs

The years following the downfall of he Bayayhids
sew the Muslim Empire divided iat thiee kingshitt.
The ‘Abbasids controlled parts of Arabia (i
Mecea and Madina), Iraq and Persia, The Farimids
sailed Euypt, Syria and Palestine. The Um
petsfoughito maintain theirhold against the Kecongtesta
in Spain. The ‘Abtusids were further weakened by the
death of Toghnul's grandson, Malik Shah, who forced
the puppet caliph todivide the etnpii
sons. [his terrible weakening of
at a crucial time — in the West, 0
the courts of France to free
the infidel.

Had the Europeans faced a unified ‘Abbasid Empite, the
Firs: Crusade woukineverhvesncceesesl Asit was there was
no force ready to opynve the Wester knights as they swxpe
intoPalestinesnadtook Jerwalembystorm. Whilcthe'A hbase
watched in stunned amicemient, the erussnders huacksl their
‘way into the holy cityand wroughtathiddeotsstahter, killing
every man, woman and child they could reach until their

in 1055, whea,

nag his three
id power came
ne up in

the grip of


hones were covered in blood upto their flocks. The she
barharityofthe Christian knightshorified the' Abbasids, who
bad never in their wont nightmares witnessed such a spec
tacle. The Ashirm were equally homfied it the tide of infidel
CCainites that followed the crusader lke carrion cron, et
tling into the newty formed Kingdom of Jerusalem and
inlictingallmswrnver sinstthetrue believerstill
fc the ein

The ‘Abbasids

hed these developments
fora source of strength that could rally
the faithful and drive the invaders from the regio
That strength emerged from an unlikely source. Salah
al-Din Yusuf thn Aiyub was-a Kurd, the son of the
governorof Azerbaijan
{lectand acomn
puritanical in both his devotion to the holy
Yan and his hatred of theerusaders. Hereganded the
Kingdom of Jerusal tw the caliph, and

so great was his out he gathered an army of
followers to crush the infidels in Palestine.

as an affron

In a series of lightning campaigns, Salah al-Din
swepr like ind through the Fatimid Empire,
bringing ja ond all of Ai
under "Abhasid control. Then the gr

» atrention on the hated King Baldwin. Like the
ighty caliphs of old, Salah al-Din led his armies
against the crusaders and decisively crushed chem at
Hartin in 1187. Salah al-Din took the King of Jerusa-

lem captive. In the name of justice, he executed him
and accepted the surrender of the holy city.
Jah treated the cong
liced manner as Umar, the se
nturiesago: No harm came to dhe Christians and the
Jews. Instead, they once s Jt0 pay the poll tax if
they chase to remain in the eity. The great gold cross
that the erasers had affixed to the Temple of the
Rock was re Jthe gold crescent of Islam raised
in its place, but otherwise the inhabitants fared far
better than those who surrendered to the crusaders
almost a century before.

d city in the s
wad caliph, hid s0 0

iaved ai

Just as the coming of the crusaders brought the
peopleof the empire together, the fall of Jerusalem
the arrival of Western Cainites united the estra
tions of the Ashires against a common foe
i Salah al-Din the hope of an empice
renewed in ity faith and united in the goal of
of Allah,
fow, though Salah al-Din's death in Damascus
was a terrible loss tc the faithful, Suleiman still holds
outhope that the Ayyubids (Salah al-Din's successors)
lets ww remaining ourpests in Palestine
Meanwhile, the militants use Jerusalem asa rallyingery
to purue punitive canipaigns against the entrenched
European vampives in the holy city and Antioch,
rermined to protect the true believers from their
wich

greatnesstemains. Gexl willing, it will be yreat once more

‘ASABIVYAL

=

SD



4 loss is ever the lot of mankind save
for those voho beliewe anid do tigh-
teously, vwoho course one another
in teuth who course one another
to patiersce.

— af Quran, Suceaty IOS


aspects of the Mustim faith isits
d nity,embracing
dividual regardless of rice, gender or social class
Muhammad preached thot everyone was equal and de:
serving of Paradise, including women, slaves and even.
il beings. Unlike in the West, where spirits of
ms of Hell, Arabic —and by
spirituality acknowledges that su-
9 urcbeingsoftiee will, not intrinsically
Gaaned by virtue of their existence. These creatures,
called din, can accept Isham jst
through a virtuous existence find saly
Allah's judgenent

The implication for Cainites is elear: Ifthe djinn
can he good Mus

superman
any kind are seen as
extension, Islamic
pernatunaer

py mortal, and
1on at the time of

ns, then vampires can a6 well

ASHIRRA

The Ashiera, or "hevehro
Cainites thatformed around Suleiman ibn Abdullah in
Madina beginning in 622 CE. The Prophet's teachings
had a:profound impact on Suleiman, who as a mortal
hadheer wndhad lo edad
sense of despair at being w damned inewistrosity. Refet-
ringwohisconversianastheSecond
took upon himself the role
to the
no vampire could enter Madina without first
dealing with ny pre shorted visitors to
embrace Islam, Within six years, eight vampires de
vored themselves to Allah, using their servants to hel
{the new faith across Arabia und praying by
mlight in the mosiue of the Prophet. Under
man's guidance, the Cainites sought the Proph
Jom in every particular of theirnightly existence, s
t by the time of Muhammad's death in 632, the
tenets of the seer's faith were established

Farr

The foundation of the Ashirm'
wo central principles:

loeply religious

faith isbased upon
reemption is possible f
that immortility does not exelude a vampire fr

Allah's judgment. The matter of the djina

ability to accept star isa clear parallel tothe

own condition, Like the vampires, the djinn are su-
pematural crenures bound by their own laws and
appetites. They are justly feared for their reputation of
deceit and curnuprinn. Legends abound of unsuspect
ing: Lauswns tured to their destruction by gts or favors
granted by these spirits, Despite this reputation, the
Prophet said thar they were as welcome as any mortal

VEL OF NIGHT

if they dedicated themselves to Allah aud fulfilled the
dutiesGod required of them. Though no passagesin the
Qur'an specifically address vam
tothe man

the Ashirra point
of the djinn as the logical justification for
ion of Cainites, They also claim that the

passages referring more specifically to vampires

ture oftheir immor
visasignoftheiry

inly does their unlife stand in violation of God's
Hivine onder af birth, growth, aging and death, it also
pe apire from facing holy judgment. The
Achirra consider immortality to be a fallacy, While a
J remain changeless from
century tocentury, the propheeiesof Muhammad warn
of the inevitable end of the physical world and the

stand rogether before Allah ro be judged accond-
ingtotheiractions. Ifunything.a vampire's immortality
burcen; while mortal only lives a setspan of
years and can then rest, a ite must strive to be
for millennia upon end unril God at last
the End Bur, asthe Prophet often said
Allah places no burden
rer than he can beat

a man's shoulder thar is
There has been much conjecture as to what »

pen to vampiresonee the worldends, Suleiman and
muany of the eldest Ashiera assert that with the end of
their physical bodies, the hunger for blood will end as
well.and Allsh will reward che righteous with anewlife
in Paradise that is fee ftom the Curse of Caine. The
majority of the Ashirra hold eags

suggested that devout Ashirra will reapan ev
reward in return for the hardships they have end
assuming a place of prominence just one step remove
from the angels. Elder: ‘Sevilla anal Jerusslern
debate the v of this belief, but the notion that

nites sire especially favored among the faithful has
spread among many younger Ashitra, who use 4s
justification to exert m direct control over the
empire's far-flung territories

faith, regardless of their clan or soc
Unless 3 vampire h:

1 backround.
committed numerous and egre:
gious offenses against the faithful in the past, all a

inite must do is make the profession of fuith before


more witnesses, and he joinsthe brethren. Inthe
inites who profess a newfound faith
st the faithful (preying

of eyni
after numerous ofense
rims oF deseerati
ht before council of eldersand legal scholars.
souncil considers the case and finds the
supplicant's claim to be sincere, his conversion is
accepted and hispast sinsfor Ifthe council finds
against the supplicant, he might first be required to
atone for his crimes through forfeiture of land or
property, cr then

{moje OF te

(other Ashirra might be sent along with these suppli
cants tw witness their acts and increase their own
reputations through good works). Only in a tiny frac=
Gon of cases are a supy nt's crimes deemed too preat

If the

When this decuts, there igno course left but to slay

rider and ease the spirits of the faithful he so
lly offended. The condemned is released into the

the city ar sun

com Allah, A terrible si
crue believer who delivers ve
se erimninal
In the eatly daysof the sect, when itsnumbers were
sucl appeals were
htforward. In the centuries since, hows
In ike Islam itself
rt communities with
fe c with such appeals in their
domain. They may noc all agree, and some criminals
find refuge by converting in a city with a more tol
council. I here is no truly, Mminent authority
the sect, although three Cainites and their entourayes
do vie for the title. First is Suleiman himself, head of
snalist. Ashiera
cond isis

J currently residing in,
halid ibn Sahl, he:
rently resides ina

Cairo.

ng him is very
indeed,

pksof the Ashirraare open to converts from
every clan, even Walid Set and Buali (although they
roust sharon their blolatry). Qabil
quite numerous, owing largely tw dhe acts o
the seet's founder. Bay't Mushakis iy also well rep
sented, inspired by the ideals of Islan and its idbeals
quality, compassion and
al-Fen also lourishamongthe Ashirra,

 toallow representative
The Mutasharidin are n
deal of
his childer
skillet in sikr (Is
iny Haj, but
ws duty, serving in
itv or "ulema

love for architectu
under its som
fear of idolatry).
-ommon, but some have
Tarique has founded a line
clanmares ealled the
famic blood
tend w have a great sens
Various es as vam
(n far smaller
un Ventrue
nd pre-Roman
b'Sh aken upthe
Istarmie warrior, «
bers of Qabilar al-Mawe
wh as associated
right converts, Majanin
Ashirra as well

; Tovar: roGon on Cuan?

Th many particularly
Medes Ss eral i SANE
fatthy sein Wee

| ee rrotheneeds
|| of te faich ul. Shckssunsyne emai
any Ashirra — to whom ultimate loyaley

| ae acess te

Sa BIE fare ty
iiecldtcnhslenss Toe Ocenia ch
nee a

ino a he a
oe nhiagne: peat

a oy eee
ba pei
han to 0 Mtl G e

athe wire ‘es

even if ra
the: Pinel Sade: |

‘Scommundscawie
eee

ometimes call themselves

WORLD

NE FAITH FOR ALL THE


recownize the inherent worth of Muslim discip!

find themselves tor between worship of Al
devotion to Hagim. Alamut freely chooses Muslims for
immortality. From the
Ashinra have enjor pship with the
Banu Hagim, Many stories tell of the clan's warriors
findingsanctuary in Ashirrahouscholds,andof A shirra
and Bi fightingalony another in the
early conquest sta. Fe
reconcile thei split
but obeying orders from
Alamut when the time comes.

Dury

Islam's version of "the virtuous life differssh
from the Christian conception. Where Christ

rights thar God,c

as duties, both to oneself as a child of Allah and to
fellow believers as part of the gre

ys of the seer, th
sda close cels

4 Palestine and
slarmse Banu Hagira seem able
ies by actin as Must

‘er Islamic commu
nity. Instead of exacting moral behavior through a
conse of guilt of entitlement, Islam
mote virtue as « measure of self-respect and love for
family and friend

The Qur'an contains c
of personal traits

dress

to pro

chensive collection
tt define a virtuous Muslim, ad-
nieatly every aspect of day-to-day life. The
es most relevant to the Ashirra are
* A Musliny must maintsin a sober and dignified
ppedrance, neither given to wild cutburstsofemotion
nm arcless or lewd behavior. The manner of his

clothes and ornamentation shoukd he simple
t.showing proper
a child of God;

*Heisenjoined to respond to his natural urgesand
appetites, ais Allah intended, but ot
rust not kill, except i
fense of the faithful,

y in moderation,

es of war or in

He must be honest und
others,

fright in his dea
ince his oath is given, it must be kept
no matter the costs

He must not steal or gambles

*He must nor have dealings with sorcerers

He mitst be ch

we in need, te

He inust treat his servants with respect,
sbusing them, for they are also children of Gok

able and. compassionate to
of thei fateh;

VEL OF NIGHT

*He must never be complacent in his personal
development, ive to broaden his mind and ex
hance his knowledge of all things Allah has created
These are ideals, but the A: ake them very
seriously, Personal vieuxsisa mark of status within the sect
and a powerful tool to control the ever-hungry Beast.

Tue Five PILuars

Inaddition to the basic practices ubove, the Qur'an
esa numberof social and spiritual duties. First are
duties prescribed for all Muslims by the Proph
called the five pillars of Islam, Within the Ashices,
thet duties required of a sire to his chikle
There are also duties toservants, duties to converts and
laws developed by Suleiman and che ehlers tegarding

feeding and the Embrace

Svanan PROFESSION OF Farrit
The ahcolute facus of lila tron Alla the One
True God, and surrender ("Islam") to his will is abso-
lutely required for salvation. Thus, the profession of
Hh (shahada) is the first and absolute requirement of
crs On several occa luring each day, inthe
prayers, « Muslim must repeat the profession,
"L bear witness that there ts no God but Allah and that
Muhammad is his Prophet." To be « true profession ot
faith, the usterance must express genuine knowledge of
itsmeaning as well asa sincere belief, Likeall aspectsof
Islam, sincere, selfless intentions are paramount to

making a eespectial offering ro Allah

Sata: Tue Five Dany Prayers

The second religious duty is the observance of the
five daily prayers, culled silat. AM adult Muslims are
expected n five prayers: sd intervals
during each day, preceded by rirual ch oe puri
cation of the body, Each prayer must he performed with
the supplicant facing in the direction of Mecea. A
prayer involvesa specific numberof bows, called rak as,
during which the supplicant stands, then hows, kneels
and prostrates himself while perf
verses from the Qur'an; Each prayer concludes with the
of the faith, followed by the greeting "May
"ace, mercy and blessings of Cod he upon you,"

The fivedaily prayers are: fajr (dawn), cul (noon),
(mid-afternoon), mahgrth (sunset) and isha (evening).
Of the five prayers, only the noon and mid-after-
noah prayers pose a problem fe ites, Muhammad
said on several eceasions, however, that if one of the
frithful missed a da
‘own, he could gain forgivene by

ming recitations of

er through my fault of his


performing un act of charity, Suleim:
extremely devout Ashirra have reportedly ¢
themselves to awake tt the predetermined times of the
noon and mid-afternoon prayer, forcing themselves to

enough toshow their proper devotions
before falling hack into slumber. Mast Ashirra simply
forego the daylight prayers, arguing that theie slumber
is imposed ly Allah.

For mortals, the Friday noon iiresarren-
dance at a mosque. An imarn le group in prayer
and shares an instructional sermon drawn from che
Qur'an or the Hadith. This attendance is required of
every Muslim, though the Ashirn opted the
evening prayer as their time of sermons, led by

nice isa
Zakint: ALMSGIVING

The third pillir of Kany is charity ta dhe ney
known as 2ilut, Itisconsidered wn expression of devotian

Gest and is central to Muhammad's teachings of

xl mercy. The Qur'an encouragescharity t0

oned

phans and widows, and distinguish

oween volunuuy
The specific amount require

subject of considerable debate, bur the accepted ameunt
isonefiatieth (2.5 xe earnings accurnulated jn
year, paid annually, and one-tenth of che urvest of hind
or date trees is payable at harvest time.

Saw: Pasting
ing, comprises the fourth pullar of
Islamic faith, intended co teach the teue believer the
Irdiscipline. The Qur'an prescribes fasting
Juring the month of Ramadan, che ninth month of the
enie calendar. Fort month, Muslims must
refrain from eating, drinking and sexual intercourse
from daybreak until sunset, Travelers, menstraati
women ind sick people are exempred from fasting,
though they are expected to make up the missed fast at
aclater date,
The Ashisra consider the fast to be one of their
n duties, demonstrating their mastery over the
animol us the Beast. Most alter the echedule of
the fist to apply f til sunrise, drinking
from a servant just prior to resting at dawn. Truly
soted Cainites adhere strictly tthe schedule pre-
scribed by Muhammad — at the beginning of the holy
month, they divest themselves of all the blood in their
bodies, voluntarily entering a state of torpor
In either ease, the risk of frenzy is great, particulaly
ng younger vampires. Those who fast only from
1 to sunrise are watched over by an older, more

m sundown

experienced Ashitm in the local community, The elders
favor this month-long pairing as it builds stronger ties
within the umma, or community. Some eblers have re
cently paired traditionalist and militant members of the
‘sect cogether to he
Ashira who seek to fast foe the entire month place
themselves in a thick-walled, windowless room
watched over by a retinue Of 1
When th

atv and placed upon the Cainite's breast. Its legs at
bound and its throat slit, and the ansarretteat outs the
toni while the it vitae

Han: PLGRIMAGE

The fifth pilla
faithful,

rife beqween the two factions

and ste

sd ansar, or ghouls

ne COMES 10 nh fs fed into the

of Islamic faith requires that the

Pilgrimage to the huly eity of Mecea. This pilyrimage
ie hajj, traditionally occurs only during the first

weeks of the holy month of Dhu'l- Hijja. These

irious activities performed by the Prophet Abrahatn
nc This san Isaac first consteucta the Kah
arriving in Mecca, the supplicant must perform
«ritual of purification. Men shave their heads, and bx
sexesddon seambesswhite robes, symbolisingsevery Muslim's
‘equality before Goal. After thisritual, the supplicant nist
circle the Ka'bw seven times, tun between the wo hills
overlooking the Ku'baseven times and ther recite several
specific prayers and incantations
Once these opening rituals are performed, the h
proper commences on the
ford
citval of purification, follow
Then the pilgrims travel coM

called,

sventh day and eontinues
next three days: Ie hegins once again with the
yer ar the Katha

a, ahill outside Mecea,
where they spe The next morning they
proceed 10 th where they snarl fron
noon until sunset and perform a series of prayers and
rituals. The pilgritns ther head t Mu
alfway between, Arafat and Mina, (o spend dhe

{. The next moming, the pilgrims head hack tc
ping at stone pillars meant te

symbolize Satan, at which th
The final 1
represent dsc
The given tw poor M
and this ends the hajj. Afterwards, the pilgrims hold a
ast called the Festival of the Sacrifice, one of the two
ocIshamic te

1 of Arata

throw seven stones
ual is the slaughter of an animal,

alsialong with the Festival o
J of Ramadan. During the ha
pilgrims visit the Prophet's tomb at Madina
returning to their homes

ONE FAITH FOR ALL THE WORLD

ey

_—~_~
a eee

SST we

aS a


Ashitta aspire t the holy city as they ean
le closer until they ean
he Prophet once

Muhammad's statement thatanother Mu
he journey onanother'sbehalfasanact of ¢

9 to travel in their stea he more
: ep st often, these at

fie d

ake the journey muny ti
ftheir immort nce and travel ase

‘Trrory vs; Pracnice

Much of this chapters taken up by the obligarions and rulesof unlife among the AshirraRemember —
ot alll choye practices ste e(ivally Observed by all A shirma. Membership in thesect innotamarcer subscribing
foadevailed conte of behavior so much as identityme yourself publicly'asa Muslim. The degree of iktherence |
fo the various pillars and other Ashirra traditions depends very much on the importance placed on them by
individual vampires and che various sultans and imams with the powerto enforce rules. |

Many Ashirra are only somewhat devour. They ideneify with stim on cultural level and recite prayers |
aed pay the vohat, burthey até unlikely ro make che hajj or worryaboutday light pmyers: Theirfast for amadan |
Likely consists of delaying feeding fora few hours 4s. concession 0 waditiog Their own agenday require that |
they retain strong, after all, sonotto feed is foolish. Sinulhirly, these vumpiresare never thareoncemed about |
the purity of the blood they drink — Alloh has made them need blood to stirvive. so the prohibit |
Grinking ft aust not apply:t0 them.

Only the tnily devout follow all the rules.


actions «f the childe reflect direetly upon the reput
tion and standing of the sire. Thus, the sire is bound to
sinsignificanc thes with his progeny to assure that
ad virtuous unlives. In effect, the

ofimportance on the Tra

ar to European Cainites

The speeific durtes required of a sire toward his
iomeny are:

*# He is responsible for the childe's instruction in
ye Qur'an, if such knowledge |s kicking, as well ax
duties required by the Ashirna;

* He must present his childe to the imam and the
tana in the mosque, that the brethren may know of
him and his lineages

¢ Hemusreeach his childe the:
feeding and the Embrace;

* He museset an example of charity and compas:
his childee to folle

he

at offense in the eyes of Allah, itis

c's tesponsibiliy to show the childe the error of

While these duties are admirable in the abstract,
and generally maintain senseof dignity and propriety
among the Ashitra, they also rwake for a great deal of
political intrigue in the seet. More than one Ashirra
has sen his reputation and suc
through the cen, Rivalsembroil the
z childer of their opponents in myriad intrigues,
trying to force just such embarmssing missteps.
Most Ashitra eventually travel to distant frontiers
orcontested cities faraway from their sire, wo build their
own epurations and personal standing: sires turn to
close friends or allies to perform discrete investigations
of their faraway progeny's activities, Ax the sire is
ccqually Table for offenses committed by his progeny,
ery effort is male to resolve such situations quietly
before the news becomes public knowledge

Duries To SERVANTS,

One of the mostsignificantaspectsof Mubammat's
teachings regarded the emancipation and equality of
slaves. He considered it the ultimate act of ehari

capableof expiatingeven the greatest of sins, Unfort
nately, the id :
forche Ashirr

household of loyal servants is not only 2 matter of

nsin general. Tothe Ashirra,
venience but one of personal survival.

law specifies that staves may only come
from two sources: prisoner, raken in battle or the
offspring of otherslaves, Some Muslims receive slaves,

ns. Indeed, family cllers often pass
down valued servants like treasured heirloor
birth begin with o numb

hetr household und manage their attains, and
the sect enjoins its members not to take on any more
than is absolutely necessary (th
vou still create lengthy rati
impressive retinues)

wagh many of the de
es to justify large and

An Ashirra is permitted to create as many an
from among their slaves as they wish, but the preter
natural loyalty of the blood oath is seen as somewh
distasteful, Ashirra are expected to be especially cam
tiousnottoabuseheirthealls, Burpolitical maneuvering
‘eteates a strong incentive to bind slives through the
power of blood. Canny Ash
political rivalsand garner personal prestige att
time by offering 16 purchase the freedom of one ¢
rival's slaves in a public place such as the m
Naturally, the ow

certainly not in front of sominy witnesses
— the hest he can hope for is to drive the hardest
bargain possible. The h jeaves the rival depeivest
‘ofa valuable resource while the purchaser reaps praise
and acclaim for his virtue and high:
blood oath negates this weakness, since a
remains a thrall

Daties to THE NEwLy
CONVERTED

can discomfit their

of the slave can't in

niledness. The
freed ons

All Ashitra shore
newly converted Catnites in the ways of Islam and the
of the Qurfan. When a Cain
nber of the sect, he ispresenited in the mosque, and
the elders ask for the community te one of
their number to be that Cainite's spiritual mentor foe
Such metitorship is
creased status within, the comt
the mencor's wisdam and leadership qualities. The
mentor is responsihle for educating the
the ways of the secr, much ws ra istic childe,
but without the explicit ties of responsibility, Th
arrangement allows the mentor to build close ries with
future political allies, building a power base that could
‘one day lead him to a position on the council of jx
or even the role of imam in 4 prominent city
Of course, there issome tisk involved each time at
Ashimraagrees w mentoraconvert, Should the convert
ever renounce his faith, it sa mark of great disgrace for
the individual who n

une year, ty for in

ew convert in

jored him. Though a sire

ONE FAITH FOR ALL THE WORLD


a

occurrence, it has led to the downfall of severa
leaders within the sect

Tue TAKING OF BLoop

All Muslims are subject to strict dietary prohihi-
hut the Camite's partic
thorny issuestor th
‘ould the
and how

lar_needs created
arly Ashirra toresolve.

wich

unbelievers cle

Was it possible to purify unclean
pire had nothing else to feed on?
nin AN

lah
been

purified and consee
ritual draining of
which the va

he blood into a silver bowl, after
npite must pray for roughly five t
The vampire may also purify an entire living vessel
after immobilizing his victim. (See the system on page
TRY fae nove details)

this method of purification is generaily
sevepted, the mioral problems of drinking blood have
never beer fully resolved. Differences of opi
-¢ flour h across the Mustim wor
of jihad outwes
4d — in these trying
y. Othe
nce and is therefore moral,
inu Hagim on the Tariq ef:
J) sce the consumiptionsof bloox!
onal, of course

in moderation,

Hagim (Road of B

tly
On the othe

vampires

purif

ind of the 5p

see blood ay repugnant, They
ition prayer as an insufficient concessia
Jewout, These vampires kewp their blood

Jow orfollowa variety of welf-Amposed gui

common sanction is to avoid the b
aoui pilgrims, todrink only asmall

avoid unwi
say, those who follow the
selves at a seriou

Even
Book considered infidels? Iss
bea

oa willing nource of blood, ordoes thar consti-

THe Emeric

The Ashitra look upon che Embruce as a somber
and serious affair, for it places a powerful burden upon

Je shouldersof the recipient. Rather than amere forty
oo fifty years in which a mortal must lead a vie

VE OF NIGHT

existence, an Ashiera must strugele for centuries, per-
haps ew st declares sn
ulto the world. Ineffe uts the soul of
prospective chide at greater risk hy granting them
a vampire's longevity. For this reason, the elders of the
sect have decreed that no mortal may be unwillin
Embraced, whether Muslim or infidel

Any prospective childe must be mvc fully awareof
the perils to their soul that the Embrace brings. She ts
then given three ights to consider dhe tull implica-
tions of such a decision. Only then may she be allowed
ictifice her mortality and become a vampire. As an,
reresting corollary, fa mortal approaches an Ashirra
and asks to be Embraced, the vampire is likewise
rea 2
such an act

ys events in Jerusalem have tuiseda chal
of this law, Ashirra in the
forth the ar that
acer moral bur
5 of allowing an

to certain axpe

on her soul, the consequ
infidel ro die without having the chance to convert
to Islam may be graver still, Can the Ashirrain g.
conscience allow a soul to be eternally damned whe
they could offer of redemption? The
srgument h all the way back in
Cairo wlth of Islam, and the schol

the alarming preceder
ing of unwilling infidels, So far, the

he no easy answer to this dilemma,

While the laws defining be
‘ery strict, the rib eal
FS ees age meen'
This is one reason why sincere intentionsare

(aaa eee ar a
tor try |

Hameo ais hanes ore Prophec When'

"ine of the faithtul ecm asin aupuint, Godythe

ijeicanle tie Site Ce

eerie es for she eormmunity or

Beh ae ‘ofthe faith, Acts of

Sony anes ieee


E COMMUNITY
id

e€

vampiric pulerton
the community of A

community is
|, ensuring the

fe arbiter, pats
¢ final word in d
the sect. Finally, the imam,
is le for gatheriny
Pe
yy overlaps that of
wtween those two

the vamp
a criticism,

ONF FAITH FOR ALL THE WORTD


ty and « weak imam or vice versa, Th
ean use her weak 5

em Regardless of w
leader controls it, Less su
a situation where neithe:

1 her en:

the serong,

tore common, is

ty is especially weak, The

imam supposedly provides moral guidance tothesultan
in these cases, hut the two often clash.

Animam istraditionally nominated by local "lama
and elected by the whole of the local umma. This
election ismost often a formality to recognize the most
prominentand charismatic leader in the re
munity. In some cases. i is the
elder's will; im others, the result of d
and influence.

"CILaAMaA AND Mauans
Mortal ‘ulama are scholars of the Qur'an and the
th. They serve as respected wise men of the
munity. Ashirra who pursue religious knowledge
serve as ‘ulama in their own nov
Many of these Ashirra have ¢
rextston
of yes
the Prophet's teachin;
on, matters of the
polit

imposition of an
des of intrigue

ana advise the imam
ith and can hold considerable

bt, especially if they know how to play the
av aind sultan against one another.

The most respected scholars af the Ashirra ire
known as mullahs. While any Ashirra can aspire to be
ascholar of rhe haly cexts, the title of mullah can only
be earned through years of devored stuly
tion by the sect's current mullahs: Thr
Muslim world, only a handful of vampir

‘Their numbers include some ot the most
shiera, like sect founde
the great blood sorcerer Tarique al-Hajji

Qapt

Mortal gadi are the jurists of the Islamic faith,
studying

asset forth in the Qu

ally hundreds

of previous judgments and preced J down by
throughout the history of {

mina hast least on

c. This juxige

the sultan and other vampires on

matters pertaining: to fe ys anid recommends

suitable punishments for violations of Ishamic law.

Mortal qaii have the power ro order inquiries into the

VEIL OF NIGHT

ntsof the courrto execute sentences imps
the imam. In the Ci re workd, whether ur not a qadi
can exercise such broad authority depends on the
fesources he ean bring to the table. When acting with
the will of powerful elders or the cooperation «fm:
in the community, the jude has great power. When
challenging a popular sultan oe imam, he muse tread
fully indeed

Pourtics AND Persona Sriaras

Salvation is not earned throwgh virtue alone. An
upright Muslim must undertake great deeds tor the
goodofthe faithand the his
soul and win entry 1
conquestscannot be

sums of coin and many years to construct, It takes
signifigant personal starus wit


muster the necessary support and resources to make
the eds a reality. Even in a sect devoted w the
pursuit of holines, the give and take of
politics is a fact of nightly existence.

cesonal
An Ashirra's personal honor and reputation are
on of his status within the sect. He must
virtue at all times and

the contrary-If
st desite to

the found
matntainy th
vigorously chi
he sins, he

lenge any allegations
be forthright in his ea
repent. Bit most importantly, he must anforbis
wstles: d the faith and increase the
presperity of the local community.

heroic

There are many ways for an ambitious Ashirra to
win renown and gather influence among his peers. He
can place himself ar the service of his elders, offer to.

the faith to other Cainites in neighboring regions
Iliesamang Ashittaoflower status,
and win support from th

tious deeds in the future,

Isasure way tow
imam for ever more amb
Some Ashirra claim their influence by carvin

niches for chemselves as power brokers within a city,
placing ambitious h others who
share similar agendas. The voting power of the pops

lace creates the potential for groups of lower-status
vampires to band together in power Mloes to enhance
their influence, and a Cainite (or a group of Cainites)

nites in cOntACE

who can build alliances within the Ashirrsi community

can wield significant power.

By far the most common way for young vam
build their personal reputation is in the fi
up the banner of the jihad a
Groups of young v

= of wary
the infidel

her to carry our
holds in. Palestine

mnpires band
punitive raids against infide
andnorthem Spain, winnin

wes and thedestruction of lalam'senemies. Recently,
young Ashirma have taken leave of their sires and made
the journey to Jerusalem or Sevilla, hoping w win glory
and honor in the seryice of Allah

In these dark times, Allah i

many hearts. Though

lunnder

need of many hand:
thoy hy
Baghdad remains a puppet to the Turks, and infidel
Cainites from Persia are once more slipping.
capital. W
embattled cok
em Iberia the
Andalusin
hold together their scuttered bases of power in Cairo,
Alexandria, Damascus and Sevilla, Islam le:
ni codes it will either shatter

into the

jeal

lots to weaken the

of Ashirra in the holy city, In south:

thful shore up the tdi
of Spanish ec

drowning the glorious vision of
the Prophet inatide of etvil strifeand anarchy, or ewill
rise once again.

THE WORLD

a
ae a

—
ea ae



To God belong the east and the
Xo west and voheresocver you furn
0) is the lace of God Cerdyy God is all-
pervading allsnovoirig,
— a Quan, Sucah 25


AN INTRODUCTION

Greetings to you, reader.

My name is Abu Fahim Kateb, This is neither my
fall name nor my true name to my Ashirra. am setting
rls inn writing at the behest of my sire. He
wishes to retin anonymity in these matters. While I
write primarily for his heneft,{ believe that my travels

and experiences may he of use to other Ashirra, and
even toother Cainites; my sire has graciously bestowed
wm me this hopeful honorific. "father of intelliyers
so that | need not go among my readers with only one
name like a man who owns only one threadbare robe

Te may perhaps assist you, readers, to know moire
about me. ban Banu Hagim,amemberofClan Assamite
in tongues common to Europe, and of the v
Inife wasn trader, tending assiduously to the fortunes

cof my family Indeath, Iseeto the needsof my clan with,
fre sume Gare. Not only must we house, dress andl arm,

ourselves as befits our station, but als there are the
arcane demandsof the sorcerers, and also thenecessary
Jonations and public works rightfully demanded of us
by Muharirvad's law

Tam alse Ashirta, a fo
the wisdom. of the word b

ier caste,

ower of Islam. Lunderstand:
ght by Mubi

Suleiman ibn Abdullah. 1am not the most devout

Cainite; | admit this to my shame. I trust that God will

understund bath the common limitations of our form

und the particular circumstances phiced upon me by
ny responsibilities. [ observe m
rages. I fase as well

hely prayers. L have
Tam able without
nt my mortal assoc
Ie Mdor
brought slim to all, nor only to men and
women, And do not those mortal men and wome!
curses of theit own, most certainly that of « fin
though | struggle as much as any Ashirra with the
current state of my soul, ! have no doubts that there is
place for us in God's creation.
I record for you my travels thr
world — those reas tharhave be

th the civilised
nlightened by the
teachings of the Prophet. As [ travel by horse, ship,
ar atid camel [ describe to you the ities. those 1
inv these places and the wonders that exist there.
ou the jots and tittlesof finan

contain the details that my sire requis

"my ledgers
My hope is
a feader, will use this traveling journal write
tomake yourpath through the night asafeone. The life

‘ofa trader is never dull, and travel is never safe —even

VEU. OF NIGHT

less 0 for those of us whose eyes are open. My friends
have urged caution, saying that with this writing
benefit my enemies perhapseven more than my friends
To this I reply, | have no enemies that | might wish
destruction upon, and I will not be afraid when my time
comes to a close.

Travel safely anxl with blessings

Abu Fahim Kateb — 17 June 1194

AL-ANDALUS

The journey begins for you, readers, in the city of
Granada. It began much earlier for me, of course, but |
p from one end of the Muslim world to the other
should suffice. The amount of time I have spent
ingthe pleasuresof the countryside might seem fri
The variety of climates and landscapes in Andalus
bewilders me. 1 come from the vast deserts of the
Arabian Peninsula. [havespent cime in the mountains
among forests of pine, oak and cork trees, seving first:
hand the stands from which the timbers for my ship
were cut. The villagers there grow grain and fatten
cattle on the land nor donuinated by the trees. On the
temperate plateaus, the peasants farm olives,
sheep, sending their surplus by river to the gre
thut lie just inland from the coast
‘Granada issucha city, nestled into the crook of two
rivers, the Genil and the Darro. Downstre: the
Genil joins the Guadalquivir River, along which hiethe
other grearcitiesof Andalus, Confbaand Sevilla. The
peaceful nature of the Andalusian countryside ix given
the lie by the political foment taking place in the cities
orso [have been warned. The Almoravid caliphate
‘rose from the fierce Berbers of the deserts of Morocec
hurely a century ago to gut together the
the Umayyad dynasty. In the ancient way of things,
these invading barharians (religiously devout, hut bar
ne soft and fat on the lush
Ltoo may become indolent should
{spend too much time in this lavely land. The unfor
tunate Almoravidshavebeensupplanted mere decades
y the Almohad caliphare, fellow Berbers and just
as fierce us those who invaded generations back,
descended from the high Atlas Mountains of the
Maghrib with the fore
Although che def

il speed of adashing cataract.

‘complished, the Almohads seill face
ate tusk of re


ee loathe to give itup again. These lands
all of recorded history, and
by Romans and Arahs—none of these

groups to subjugation.

GRANADA
19 June 1194
Tarrived in

mada well past nightfall, my two

companions and 1 mounted
walusian horses thar have heen the pride of this land
These horses are very different from the
desert youth. Their curved necks and
sturdy, collected hodies denote power and agilicy, not
the heeiless grace and speed of our delicate Arabian
homes. Their hooves ate small to best find placerent
‘on rocky hillsides, not broad for pushing against deep
cand. They are ideally suited for this their native
cavironment, and | am pleased that they could be had
at so reawonable a price. since heavier horses are now
desired hy fighting men. The cavalry horses once
id Romans do quite

for cenn
mounts of

favored by the Greeks, Persians
ler of any stature; with such hattle-
hardened siresin hislineage. my geldingbearsaprsdator
more dangerous that any man (with only the slightest
agitation),

nicely for a te

My ceo companions are ansar who have distin
guished themselves through long service. The first,
Sanjar, haily from a Persian family of scribes. He is
responsible for keeping the derailed records of
business dealings and, on this trip, meeting with these
merchants who might be unavailable for or overly
ime dealings. He is nota trader
by vocation, but he bas x good head for figures and
should manage well enough with appropriate coach:
ing. The second, Karif, is my bodyguard, charged with
not only my personal sifekeepinybut also with recruit-
@ the crew of the ship and
mercenaries we must hire. Ido not doube that one day
he will join the warricrs of my clan, and T hope that he
cas fondly as
the viziers and

suspicious thout nigh

then remembers his time traveling with,
1 — there are too few bridges betwee
the warriors

these violent

Both of these men are devout; EL would have it no
other way. Not only must wesharean understanding of
my nature and purpose throughout this long fourney,
but the knowledke that these are upstaiding Muslim
men may prove vital co my self-control should my

oles with the Beast grow dire.

Much of the city of Granada lies betwe

pne streets. Dwel
id obstructed our

hoovesclattered on the cables
builerohang upand overther

ofthe high plateausofthe mount
Darro. It seems that there isa fair
the p

stone walls. had not e:

nstothesouth of the
mount of activity on

such
order of business was to gain admittance to the
In most cities, the suq is walled, avd y
sentries after sunset. This is a slight inconvenience for
me, as I must always travel hy night should [wish not
to arrive unce jously in a tolled carpet of a box,
but it isa price I pay for the greater assurance of safety
for my goods. It is not impossible to sain admittance
after dark: a caravan may be held up on the road for a
broken wheel, or goods in high demand rushed to
marker with no heed paid to the sun's course
nusual, however, and so L have become necessarily
accustomed to presenting the appropriate papers e
time lenteracity, The papers [presented confirm
as the duly authorized agent of my site in his business
matters: a mmndaraba, of as they say Andalus,
While my sire does not own a warebionise in
Granada's sug, and | was at the
trade good. these legal docume
presence in this part of the city
quick appraisal of my doc
the quality of our horses . pruxiently
ferched the guard captain, who approved our entrance
and offered his grandfatherly advice that late travel was
particularly safe, No, L agreed with hin
‘The great courtyard at the center of the sug w
by day the public comes to bay goods and traders maki
deals, isempry by night, with only the stalls and ten
of regular sellers remaining erect for the next day. Vast
warchouses occupy the remaining space in the walled
enclosure. Some of them are owned by t
‘or associations. Others ur
lects rent from the use of these faciiti
ofeen tums the proceeds toward charity. The ware
houses the rh, ut the fl
above them burn with light. These upper fl
comfortable lodgings for traveling traders, and they are
T do mest of my

commend

me without a

s still validated my
after a

ments, my entourage, und

sccoutrement

which o

where circumstances. dict
trading with
ingstorus,

the night. Leaving S:
tes,my bodyguardand 1
darkness, over the wal

Crossing the Da

jar behind to cover any in
ade our way hack our inte the

f the suq, to the south
ipl mater. The stnall
any places by bridges ancl
ave heen built actos ity oartow spain
1's ede
these boats allow for easy passage of heavy goods


realthy hoarman by

fam no boatman, Karif and b made

» bridge and w

ward the 1, Passing walle

aly ally

the platewu, I wished it

ached the top would be
heavily guarded, no great sur
the fortifications, an

tial natu
words Were neces
Ipor

portray mys

arch

fasatrader

zaining th
hrong

we lost

Asth

offi hore
here are Cainites. With
wc and appeops ory Lora Ie

the sultan of Gran fn he was

nighttime ace

dition. My host

humself without honori

ir of Qubilat al-Khayal, descended
Lasombea. The sultan used his command af shadow

with dark:

is by night, decli

vg need for my advice
porter of
prevent And
Not only must his 1

all he can to
Christian hy
¢ Christian armies,
ther local Muslim
Jin the h
on how be

armed ¢
who see the
war. The sulcan wish

er some hours spent perusing his remarkable

maps, [ventured tohim that goods in limited quantities

Gulf of
Guinea

ie

Arabian

I OF NIGH


might he brought along the coast and smuggled up
through the mountains to the headwaters of the Genil
River. Pleosed with my appraisal, Sultan Badr ade me
good evening witha final admonition that the coming.
the faith and devotion of all

ns, He assured himself of my assis-

ne¢, and my sire's, should the war come to Granada

Back in my roms with dawn soon to come, it
occurred co me that through the whole night, I never
glimpsed more of the sultan than a well-manieured,
pethapsdelicare hand in the sweep ofasleeye,or heard
anything more than a carefully modulated vorce even
during his most impassioned speeches

25 June 1194

have snenr several nights in Granada, making
ts for goods to be sent down the Genil
Riv our waiting ship. This is
imarrer than it might normally bev is we have no goods
in trade id certainly nor enough coin hand to
purchase the fine quality of poper and soap we intend
to carry. Instend, we have drawn bills for the goods,
relying on the stature of our rrading house as a guaran
nent. On th
several such bills chat we have granted to others in the
past. The commen framework of Islamic lay
which theparticipantsoperate makes thisconventence
possible, though iralways involves some risk.

During these nighrs, we have nor encountered any
Cainites who were nor Ashitra, and who were not
strongly allied with Sultan Bade GF nor in fact his

geny), It seems the sultan's zeal has discouraged

an, Jewish or simply indifferent Cainites from
city. This is perhaps a wise ideas if war
the small number of Cainites within,

the city will not draw heavily off the strength «
mortal defenders. It has also become clear, however,
ot the sultan's mortal allies are not simply preparing
todefend thecity. Theysire actively antagonizing rival
cs, indulging tn skirmishes
and intighting thar waste Muslim resources and livesin
threat, It sad.

arrange
are complicated

toe of future pm we will redee

ight actually make
of the noth to reconquer

thar the sultin's fanaticism,
easier for the kingdon
An

CorpoBa

3 July 1194

We left Granada by horse, rave
along the Genil River much of the way. { had no desire
to trust my safety to a boatman and his crew when my.
‘own shipand crew area fortnight's joumey away. After
a week of datk travel on horschack, our mounts choos-

and then angling north through the last foothillsoft
Showy Range, we came within sight af the
city of Cordoba on the banks of the Guadalquivir
Although my heart lifted to see its familiar
il high walls, [saw that the city was nc
ve was. Segments of the wall that were
not of strategic value were in distepait. Entering the
walls, Isaw debris in the margins of streets, and orphan
childeen dar dank alleyways, In the civil
war thar afflicts Cordok
have grabbed thecity,¢

sito

several would-be eatiphs
wanieing icus the jewe
kingdom. Even so, the city tems with people —se
of Cainites could take up residence here

As we made our way t0 the madinut it almost
seemed that nearly that number hind. Beastly Cainites
lurked in the alleys to prey on orphans. Warriors of my
clan watched over city guards withamusesl eyes.Strains
» deftly spun for hurnan hands occasionally
yysensitive es, Thon stunned
proliferation of vampiric activity, my first prior

of music b
Snited
bythe
ity in Cordoba wan, asalways, to visit the Great Mosque
at the city's heart.

The Umayyads buile the Great Mosque in the lat
ith ce nthe
Islamic world. My sire has told me of watching the
foundations laid for this loriousedifice: envy him the
‘opportunity fo witness such an important moment
not to men ible opportunity for profi

ry. It is the Largest sacred huilding

mm the inen
¢ would have been for a shrewd dealer in rare
acred enclosure forms a vast rectang!
alk on all sides: | entered
tio de los Naranjos, the Court of the Or
athingdeeply ofthe smell of orange blossoras
that waited from the flowering trees eyen with their
xis folded closed against the darkness. Cloisters sur

thand

idan the north,
but full of the whispering sounds of sleeping br
murmured prayers.

Passing through the courtyard to the south, len
tered a

"ep sanctuary with an arching
porphyry, jasper and marble
The occasional beatn of sta
tillated:

i supported
‘many exquisite colors
oF torch flicker sein
ross the pillar' crystal enclosures, [had never
counted the pillars in the sanctuary, and I did not sto
to dos tonight, but looking up in the dim igh eo
id yet mare arches
ihrab, «prayer
fed with asingle
the Byzantine

see arches with more pillars atop,
and pillars above. I stoppedtt he tied

niche wid
block of white

nal recess r

There,

astnall ocengen

UNDER THE CRESCENT


mosaics and gold inlay, I made prayers toGod, who has

made such splendor possible t
Hetcthe Great Mosque with

was scon troubled again by the r

came across

bers of C

y way to the sug and my lodgings.
as, rather th

arcane knowle

without delay — San,

1 L was admitted to the sug
had already produced th
ation on my behalf; [have settled
in to write for the remainder of the night. T
will seek out the Sultan of Cordoba, a venerable
named Hilel al-Masaari, He came to the city with the
first Muslim invadersin 711 €
esknew to pull stone from st
wate the Gangrel and. Vertn
nier the rl

necessity documen

and madesure that
pe and torch th
threat chat
he Visigoths. He has
until now,

tonight to the

ow of the Great Mosque and the ce
the sulum of Cordoba holds his own,
T did not meer the sultan himself

would have been intimidated had the ancient C:
4 rela:

sctually deigned to accept the intrealuction of
rive youth like myself

The evening at court was not wasted, h
made the ng vizier, Es
Dimshaq. 1 arranged to meet with him tomorrow
evening 10 discuss business and politics. 1 spent the
traders sheltering un the suq, arranging again by bill to
have certain luxuries — embroidered fabries, supple
leatherwork and filigreed jewelry unrivaled in the
S July 1194
J met tonight with Enam al-Dimshag, and spoke
with her at great length. | have agreatdeal of sympathy
for her —she is ina very difficult position in this city,
‘of the few Ashirra interested in preserving
kind enough to invite me into het
al dwelling in u gated
nity decorated with such a lovely array of carpets and
tapestries that I could only assume my hostess is
a weaver. Icommentedas much, toher visible pleasure
She offered me the use of her experienced servants to
sate my hunger, further endearing herself tw mie — itis
not alwaysa simple matcer tof

icquaintance of a yc

while traveling, and
Thad not looked forward to finding sustenance in this

VEIL, OF NIGHT

city full of predators. With such nicetiesbehinclus, sat
rolisten with diplomat
speak care
and its in ching for words that would
both convey te formation that Is
y conclude my dealings here and alse seed goox!
will in those spoken of that I might choose to share our
conversation with, I expect that she can use as much
goo will asshe cin accumu inks for her
hospitality and her information, F must let h
words spread discreetly in my dealings here
Accondinggto my hostess, ervation,
there are many new Cainites in the city. Some of them
ers, warriors brought by the dual promise of
glorious holy war and unstaunched bloodshed. M
these martial soulsare Ash

rosak

while certainly
spies from the north or from rival petty kingdoms. A
umber of Majanin and European Malkavians have

ur Canahiba. This a. master of gave concem
for these wh

fleece
ish to spend their unlives in this place
‘The arrival of lunatics in such numbers is often seen as
nomen of impendingdoom. Cercainly, lfnothing else,
theirarrival presages change, which to the less nimble
minded of our kind might as well be doom, On a
practical level, these arrivals in such numbers are
taxing the city's admittedly vast populace and add
wo the palpable levels of fear that livingon the brink c
war engenders.

When f asked aber
Cainites, Ena

the large number of native
-Dimshug demurred, saying only that
there were, in fact, many newly created Ashirra and
Tam left to deaw my own
nd I conclule as follows:
remainea warrior at heart, ev
rally he pl

the city's military a
mortal sultans;

others in recent
conclusions on thi
assultan,
sed the bulk of his influence in
ss With the rapid succession of
'shallsof
red with
cient as the

nd dictators through Cordol
that must have
g speed to a C
Sultan —a great deal of his
wing him little
ors that we all a the-other noctumal
residentsof the city have moved in to gral hold
power they can. Emboldened, they have t
flaunt the sultan's rights over progeny. The sultan,
holding on to what power he can, has choses: to
upprove such behavior with his silence, hoping to tum
disobedience into a favor owed. I do not believe this.a
wise choice, but I am not the sultan's advisor.
Before escorting me to a poetry reading that she
promised | would find entertaining, my hostess asked
me for what she deemed a great favor, Somewhat

power
mind


enchanted with her ma
thar should a cerrain Roman Cainite called Junius be
pres at the affair, [ not speak to him of the current
political state of affaits. It seems that the millennium:
old Ventrue, who has survived here through he
invasions of Visigoths and Moors alike, has bec«

‘enamored in recent centuries with Islam

ner, L agreed. She rey

but not in

th, laws and

wework for an,

iss ast in his

intellec ions, has not yet realized that caliphs

and imams abound. His Ashirra friends and allies

would prefer, for the time, co keep matters this way. |

mustagree that it sprudent not te tread the eccentrict
ties of the thousand-yearokd dea

the night, then, toa fete inhhonor

poet justlarely released from
nung Cainite's tinusual name

is mentor, the mortal master
sed for several decades, A

honors not his sire but
poet Ihn Quzman, dec

singer himself. Fortunately forthe Ashirra, the student
had an innate talent that his teacher had surely recog-

nized. Ibn Queman wasonly the latest and most widely

admired poet of Cordoba —a fortunate mix of Berber,
Arab and Europeun cultures in this area has produced
awellspring of new poetic formsand musical stylesthat
are admired andadopted throughout the Islamic world.
This vil community has attracted Ray'een al
Fen tw the area over the years, where they form a
respected part of che Ashirra community, They also
host visitors from Christian Europe, pale troubadours
who haye come co lear exotic styles of verse at great
risk to their unlives, Aighar akhw Quzman recited for
us from his works, and from his mentor's. he night
was, as Enam al-Dimshag promised, well spent. I did
encounter theancient Junius,as forewarne\l,and spoke
briefly to him of architecture and weather

7 July 1194

Ie is several nights past that pleasant evening of
poetry, My business here has been concluded, with an
‘unusual twist, Word has circulated among the traders,
asicoften does, thar Ham in the market for items of
quality. Sanjar was approached during daylight he
by a bookseller from the palace suq, who ing
whether I might be interested in sot
his shop. My associate set up an evening meeting, and
eft for the palace grounds as so a hve sun bia set.

tomes be had in

The palace buile by the Umayy
Zara, lies across the Guadalqutvir, The remains of a
xgreat Roman bridge have been rebuilt in Moorish style.
It has been traditional since the times of th

ds, the M

caliphate for the politically and militarily powerful tc
sequester themselves i 3 frown the cities
they rule, perhaps so the sounds of their indulgences in
nd wine do not immediately bring the wrath
n their heads, Whatever the
reason, the palace ustally holds its owt musket for the
pce of those whe live and work there, High-
yy goods nor easily avatlable elsewhere may
sometimes be found in these sig.
The ne
the stay even ay most shops were closing for the night
By the glow of lamps, [ wasadmitted to the bookseller's
shop, and shown the items he had set aside for me. In.
uth, Lwassthocked arwhat he laid before me. Thank
ine such

roast: The iten
holy works — the full rext of ‘an and other
books — all seemingly dane by the same incredibly
talented hand, The books sere supertly. bo
leatherand hammered yal. Lasked why theowne

then he, the bookseller, was willing to part with these
items. He replied that it had been the owner's wish that
these precious artifacts he temeved frum Catdobs and
taken to asafe place where they would be admired and
used, rather than have them possibly fall inta the hands
of Christian marauders. was again surprised when he
named a price in keeping with this noble goal, one |
could both easily meet, and would never dream of
selling such works for. The deal concluded quickly and
pleasantly. Back in my rooms, with the tare hook
carefully wrapped and secured, I ear only hogs that |
have not unwittingly participated in some heinous
crime of murder or theft by acquiring these items. [at
ashamed to think such thoughts, when most likely thy
hookseller's motives are pute.

As | returned from the Ma at al-Zabri
my eye — a Ne
wanted to be se as | am-no match for the
stealth. The creature
hiding my repulsion, Ladvanced s

1 Loa
some figure cauy . one whe
asters of
estured to me to approach it;
sw steps inicourtesy
mt 's horridly scurred counte
nainee from a description
al-Dimshag. She had called this one ALAWali,
spoke almost fonully of him as a remarkably forthe
drewnearer the ereature, who cheerfully ted me ashort

\way to what appeared tobe its temporary nesting place

UNDER THE CRES

ven to me by Enam



amember of the city's ange Jewish population, Many of
the Cainitey here share that faith, and coexist px
fully with the Ashirra —as peacefully asany number of
usmay live in close quarters through long years. at least.
1 Gerushith, however, surprised the city with her
Second Embrace, her lace conversion to Islam. This
hhasstrained relations among the People of the Book in
villa. The city's other Je tes feel betrayed
Among the Ashirra, there ne who mutter that
thesultan's conversion isn ruic, but predicated
solely on political expedience. It is generally acknow!-
‘edged, even by the murterers, thar such rumors arc
unworthy of both the sultan and the speaker, but the
nimor spreads nonetheless. Sultan Genushah met with
me personally, not an unwelcome surprise, and spoke
with me brietly about my business and affairs upriver.
Then she dismissed me. I left assured that business in

13 Judy 1194
njar slept, wearied from a day af cheeking
rif and T went out into the city. It seems
that Kari's work of enlisting suiloes tsulso work that is
best done at night. After « long day of working docks,
sailors withourshipsare eager for the sea. intended t0
observe the massive construction projects mentioned
last night at the sultan's €
Sevilla avoided the razing thie Cordoba suffered
When Muslims evicted the Visigoths. Some might
that the city would have profited from # good
ng — the streets are almost literally mazelike, anal
Jcommunities are haphazardly interspersed w
marketsand courtyards, Before the Visigoths came the
Vandals, the Romans and the Iberian native
complicating the city mther than starting
fresh plan. 1 am unfamiliar with the city,
y Way noLOOCeE but KV

over with
andl lost
the sugtothe iy pleasant
experience, even though 1 do not feel particularly
unsafe

Lwvoundl my way
not become lost again,

the appropriate disriet, 1 will

p ambitions cansensc-
tion projects underway. T imagined the dust clouds
taised by the workmen must ming
ing haze during day

‘overwhelm:

hours. The great moxjue
advanced project, as itis being
tions of « Visigach church [
with some trepidation, and ns 1

seemed to be the mon
erected on the fou
approached the wor
wandered! unnoticed though the piles of stones, I felt
uneasy, a feeling bike suffocation in my chest even:
h Ino longer need to breathe. This fecling
intensified as | neared what was the front of the

The altar area had heen walled off
and built aver, leaving no way to see what might still be
inside, but I believe the cumors | have heant may be
true: There 1s 0 great, 6 h monster
staked co the very ilunof thar chutch. | shuddered,
imagining the torment, but I certainly did not pey out
stone to havea look. hope that the dedication oft
place to Islam erases that feeling of dread
monster

Christian ed

and seals thai
1 his tomb forever
1 yeas not the only Ashirra out tonight to observe
the other buikiing site, what will be the grand Aleazar
Palace. The outer fortifications of this glorious pi
will reach all the way to the river's edge when it i
ady large-towers jut out of the
, casting even darker shadows on the bl
water. | settled in to watch the paride of visitor,
was well rewarded. | spott ances Mut
lurking about the foundations, reassuring itself tua its
bolt-holes were still located as planned. | listene
Well-<tressed young Cainite escorted a drowsy engine
around the site, nattering on abut stone carving tech
ities of the various 5
uitiful face on these eugwed walls. 1
ext. a poorly disguised, to my eyes. woman warrior
lecrure guards on likely weaknesses in the paluce de
fense. Every Cainite in the city must havea stake in this
marvelousmonumenthae will bedecades in the build
ing. I believe that shall have a stake in it, too.
have some years! leaul time «

Tnow
vgn the quarrying
of cer ww be shipped tc
Sevill

21 July 1194

The crew isassembled, and geunlgingly approved by
Karif, Sanjar has crunted and carefully packed every
item to be moved to the ship, meluding wines and
olives locally grown, We will sail with the tide, which
gives me time to record my final thoughts on Sevilla.

Last evening, as lconcluded a deal with wt increas:
ingly groggy old merchant, | noted a wan yer
well-compoed young man aw:

10 my comp.
to my rooms and invited the apparent y.
introduced himself Nadim ba Nuriy V
uri haul theust upon bi

able task of organizing his elders and bette 5
believed thar my assistance would profit us both It has
fallen on his shoulders to arrange the use of the nearby
uinsof the large Romun town of Irdlicu, which was the
birthplace of the emperors Trajan and Haxirian. Lo-
cated just afew minutes ride from Sevilla and actyss the
river, the remutitis ¢
for the nocturnal mes

in rare and expens

Lescorted him
uth in. He
trucof noe

the umphitheater are sought after
ws oF a wariety wf groups: the

CINDER THE CRESCENT


Amici Noctis, gatherings of Roman expatriates, dire
playwrights with dreadful dramas and the like. After
several years of faithfully keeping a social schedule for
town, it occurred to ibn Nuri that he
might actually turn a profit, both monetarily and in
favors of kind, if he arranged for ceruun services

oods to he availabsle for these events as well. He

arranges safe havens for those traveling, for si
feeding vessels for those of is own clan, and for stn
items or ingredients necessary for sta

‘he middleman's portion
ite's luxurious needs to be an enticing
benefit, I wasenticed, aswell, and spent the remainder
of the evening making lists of stran

know, he his alse foun
ofan elder

ibn Nani. Thanks «
procure the most obscure items on the list [ be!

will enjoy my next trip to Sevilla very much.

ely aboard our ship, The ship's crew

hive found a reliable crew only from Islamic

rds; this ship boasts advances in shipbuilding that
most Muslim sailors would be unfimiliar
must simply have the best men we can find. With that
in mind, Karif has mi

hy so we

sngrel crew as thor:
a common nautical
it work but
share languages with only a handfil of othererewmen
language barrier wall, [ hope, prevent them from
sharing HOS y unusual nature, and from
plotting mutiny should it be necessary for me to reveal
myself,

The ship that will carry me the length of the
Mediterran is a shining example of the
shipwright's craft. She tsa heavily modified
called, in Andalusand pechapselsewhere, a"caravela,

p, sleek, catefully pieced
anince is completely unlike the
# to the "clinker" construction
huative tw the northern s her type
have only one mast, and a fixed one at that — ine
pable of taringe sails to the wind — iffshe és
far from shore. My beautiful ship boasts two
fore sheeted with a ti

toil

yet understand. The structure of the boat has been

VEIL, OF NIGHT

changed in some way provide a fir
the device, For my safety, a tightly ju
a full half of the interior of the boat
Donoragree toa rideon'simply any trader'scoig, ny
friends, for you will find yourself huddled to che huill as
the sun rises, attempting to shteld yourself with what-
ever boxes and goods may lie to hand. The deck
provides shelter not only for myself but also for delicate
items: soaps, spices, beautifully dyed cloth and other
sucl luxury items, My ship és not lange, carrying less
: an 24 tons, 50 1 best offset the expense of my
urey, we carry high-quality goods thac will fetch
high pices, leavin the buff the tang vo be don
in my wake, using ships more suited to the purpose

anchor point for
nes deck covers

For those of you unfiamili sea travel, let me
advise you briefly on whar types of ships you might
expect to encounter. Ae! mentioned above, northern

style ships have overlapping planks in the bull; they
alo rely heavily on sills. Single-mastec, these ships
nay be called "cogs." while a double-masted ship muy
betermeda"buss." These shipsare used with increasing

icy by European traders and Crusadersalike, but
there tsa chance, should you encounter @ ship of this
type, thar its crew has come feom an even greater
distance, braving the vast ocean west und north of
Andalus.

The smooth-siiles! qarib ships are native to the
Mediterranean, hips thar rely heavily on rowers
rather than sails, Rowers were necessary belore the
introduction of sails which may be turned to catch the
wind, and are still necessary on ships of war, which do
nor carry sufficient stores to survive a prolonged be
calmingorbeiny blown off course. Should youtenc

al plattorms of ros

doubtedly bent on i
ate highly maneuverable and can reach terrifying cam-
ining speeds,

"The largest ships you may encounter in the Medi-
{errunean are "galleys," 300-ton ships whieh ty
500 men at need. These ships carry bulky cargoes:
urains, cloth goods, wines,
‘Should you be fortunate enough to tmivel one
‘Sea of Quizum or the Sea of Faris, or es better
through the Indian Ocean itself, you are likely 10 see
ly ships from Taugast in the Far East
called *junks." Tam given to understand that these
ships are built up from two boetoun hulls; thelr sls ate
‘astrange construction
Asodd as they appea
serenely into the wind

ried foodstuffs
her the

ofsmaller sheetsind many lines.
Thave seen these ships wliding


bu Raghid, aimed

Thave gone to great

self that our caprain isa knowl.

exlgeable and skilled man, and | am satisfied. I know

sly chat the strait he knows why it

isso, wh ect at this time

# year and so on. 1 ean do nothing but retire to. my

light-sealed cabin as a hase begins
Jair. 1 will miss the passage th

> gather be

bey the lg Of ie sah

Tue Macuers

1 Auguse 1194
We Land at Sebta, a welcoming bay in the shadow
of Mount Hacho, This natural port has been of impor-
tance for centuries, harboring Carthaginians, C
shad dysnisty. I
ory and slaves from deep within Afri
the Mediterranean. As vital as this port is, my
ness lies further south, in the eities of Fe: and
cikish,

This area, called the Mughrily or "land of the
setting sun," was the early heart of the Almohad
Empire, and. the Almoravid dynasty before it. The
majority of the Berber people live peacefully in this
region, which stretches from the Nile River Valley to
the ocean, ind south into the vast Sahara Desert. They
farm and cultivate the coastal slopes where rain is
abundant and herd sheepand goats on the arid farside
ofthe mountains. Aswe leave our ship moored at Seba

cel south through grain fieldsand olive
sult eoxquare the ti
sedentary people with the wild tales of the
stot Mustirn Sp

The mightame sen

Berbers are

y here is misles

and not all of the tik
share the Almohads' interests in political or religious
matters. The most effective group of agitators is the
Banu Mann, whoa century past were allies of the great
Umayyad Empire. Even now, these Marinid tribesmen
have claimed control of certain isolaced regions — the
Almchads care so little about these areas that they
won't divert theie attention from the Christian threat
in Andulus, Move troubling tothe residencsof thisare
displaced Arab tribes, including vicious cavalry units,
were urged westward for years by the Farimid rulers of
Egypt. The Fatimids fell lah al-Din, bur th
homeless Arab invaders stil raid and pillage the vi

cof the Maghrib

Fez
We aga acquired horses, of much lower qu
than those te be found in Andalus but seemingly
same basic stock. The ride was difficult;
horses were pleased

ne: of the
il in many
until Karf petstucded me

rith my presence
to wall
to feed my heust a nosebs
reluctant to do s0, as 1 do nor like the prospect of
Jeaving behind an seimal that hisdeveloped a taste
hood. Ourstringof pack unimals, carrying our delicate
trade good also displeased by my presence and the
need to travel at night. All told, it ook us more than as
week to reach Fes, trip thatat best would have taken
five days

of those 1 hy

cently visited. It w
separate cities across the Wadi Fe

founded as two
the late eighth
where the
Sebou River
huile che cities together as one, creat
mne of the largest citiesof the Magheiby, Theekd city
1-Bali, sill re at its center, bounced by the
x! battlements thar once defended tt Most af my
business will be concluctes! within those walls
Also within those walls is the Qurawiyan V
and University, the oldest examplesof cach institut
in North Africa. The ty and its associate
‘maidrasas, which gather around the mosque like chicks
t
ycomerofthe wor!
uslents are among
Mawe, Bay't Mushal
in Hagim and even others less di
elders and wise holy men. We passed the miongjie
ry co our leadgings at che sj. At night, the five
hundred lights from the huge lamp that dominates the
interior are visible to passersby, even though che bulk
ing itself covers almost s
mosque later that evening
taking some time to prepa

netes, | returned

nake my prayers, after

nyself for what proved an
oneal. The combination of the intense light and the
holy auca of the place

le each step painful

that my prayers were said ara pace chat was ¢
dignified as 1 might wish,

‘The buildings that house the madrasas
dreadful to enter. | enteted the facility. Ins
the sultan's functionary, pori
conc

g aver i peroll
tration. 1 waited, both amused and y
time to collect myself after my visit to the mosque, for

a full half hour before the elderly man noticed my


I had come in duty
mat, hut found thar the sult

practice of accepting introductions, ever —s
interfere with his time in study. Instead, 1
gentleman rook a barge book from a shelf and reconde:

‘hame, my site's name, and my dite of arrival in i:
He asked that | present myself ayain before leavinw
recond thar date, as well, and explained chat if the
sultan required my presence, | would be notified. Heft.
somewhat bemused i hl hope, for thetr
sakes, that more attentive administration is not re-
quired any time son.

3 Auguese 1194

mycold
inrended to

A trade problem hasarisen thar ism

the bille
redeem on this voyage was acquired in trade by our
house as partial paymen

Blood run fist and hot One

adel. The al party,
used here in Fes, refuses to honor the
fro Abit], even with appropiate decumentar
of the transfer. | admit my first incliqution was to pay
hrtime visit, hut Sanjar enn
inced me that would he best served by attempting to
secuify chiysituarion within the law, Lam grateful forhis
the face of my anger:
J returned to the sultan's function
different elderly yentleman ensconced
drass. | wok with mea burulle of the fine paper w
transported with us from Granada — a gift in retum for
dlstractingtheold man from hisstudies toassist me. He
was pleased » sx, while fingering che
delicately textured sheets, he told me of » resident
we, Nahd ihn Raid, who was in life a member of
the ‘wama and an ‘udid, and whe has:

a mortal trad

this insolent martal a ni

remooing and bravery

push to

pt extensive
Twoke Sunjarand instructed him wwrite
pluining our situation and entreating this
celer's aid. He writes even ais I record this, our pens
the day, $0 that itis available as son as the
tomornaww evening

4 Aunt 1194

I met earlier this evening with N:
wished to meer with me personally before lookin
thesdetailsof my trade dispute. This ts p
stindingof an ‘udu is based n

ler wakes

aston his
reputation in the community, si
i disreputable individuals can seriously dara
credibility. Tha Raid no longer speaks bette the
adi except in the most extreme of circumstances,
given his nature, but he takes hisstatusand his
ities serivusly

VEIL OF NIGHT

Thavecontessed before in chisjournal ro nat beinythe
most devout of men or Cainites, cam I the mont learned
Peshaps.tiad lived amongimen toamoremature age, to
would have joined the ranks of the ‘lama in time. Lam,
however sinecreand of ood faith. Leappearsthat bn Raid
has judged me so, because he as agreed
‘matter. There is no fee, as suc, required for this service
Toye him a favor, of course; that is how these martersare
discharged. | have been fortunate te find here in Fez one
who believes so strongly in usinyg the law us a bridge
between dhe Ashirraunel themortal mensand women who
share our beliefs

ome tume will he necessary to make arrangements
with the trader and with the qadi. I will be spendi
more time in Fez than Thad thought, and there i
Lean do. These ate now 1

tte light of the sun, and I must relyon Sanjarto observe

anal proxect my interests

G Angus 1194

The dispute hasbeen resolved to the satisfaction of
all, Sanjarreports tharthe qadi accepted ourbill and the
documentation of itstransferasevidence when read by
the ‘udul. A wise man, the gad indicated tu the trader
that he considered the bill to be valid, and suggested

e bill he folded inte any addition greet
ule further businessforthe trader andl for my house

Sanjar gave his approval to this arrangement on my
behalf, and the ‘wal prepared the legal documents to

the bargains. Asu gesture of wood faith, will pay the

lul's fees for contract preparation, Sanjar has alzeady

un negotiating for quantities of leutherwork and
fine wool

Karif and I have heen idle. We have amused our
selves with explonitions of che old city's crumbling
hattlementsandby
of the Sahara. Fittingly, it was there
spirit messenger fund me. While most of my clan
ilies on cen oan ocher such mundine means of
communication, the sorverers send out these unset
ting crearures to whisper their messages in your ear
Leisurely camel ricles in the desert have been abs
doned as I labor to asemble the components of the

ge request the spirit messenger related to me. We
will leave for Marakish soon [hope tat {will find th
" uring materials there.

Marrakisit
10 September {194
We have safely arrived in Marrakish after an arch.
ng journey. Bandits threatened our small

group of riding and pack animals a week sou of Fes


p what
backs of
Md have

asures are carefull
als, they surely w
Liificule ut first to remember why Thad tray
long co get The city was nor
when it served us the capital of the Almoravid 1
nd thas beet ins steady decline since the Almobyad:
wrested it from their control.
Marrakish is still a busy trade center; Berbers f
Hh mountains and the arid deserts conver;
lc, irrigated plain to exch heir dusty
nhing

it orchards, But there is

he fruusofd
re that is not
majority of rade ha

also available to the

wiped the dust of the
whether the cheaper

the first time in weeks, my initial inclination is t
thar the prices here will

induce me to undertake this t

Thave yer tc
city. This strikes me a

beaten.
and hu: I inte the dark of night th
and traders in fr

evening. Itseems that ¢ e
the desert are more that |
ate into the cooler henirs,

the Jen

ax the merchant
al-Fna, the city
amp oil. The great, carved yates to the main
rer the setting of the sun. T

q.are willing
for the
are fina sed hours
traders walk unconcemedly th

ncir caravans urd herds, while the merchan'
p fronts and carts and mak
waiting families, Through all of thi

d no sign of Cainites; 5

their way
nerivit
naps this 1s anor

UNDER THE CRESCENT


reasan why t
the night

people of Marralish feel so free to enjoy

The olive grovesand the vast walled Agdal gardens
were silentas well. | had thought might atleast find
a Matasharid creature lurking umid the hundreds of
‘actes of irigation eanals— but [did not. The ev
was waste wt for a visit to dhe Koutoubia
Mosque, the red clay dust of the
area had not yet stamed the mosaic-work of the floors,
and the scent of precious woods — hrought from the

Jes past the desert to the south, no doubt — still

test pungent hint of green sap, The
impressive height over

O fect: it must stand as.a welcome beacon to daylight
travelers weary f 1, journey through vast
Tomortow night | will mike full advantage of the
of the citizens of Marrakish

business ond investigations be

insom conclude tr
cas quickly ss prosibte,
Ido not relish the retum trip to Fes, but the sooner it
fs accomplished, the sooner I will be traveling east

J my homelan

September 1194

This night has been a good one for small revel

tions. Both my ansar worked hard through the day,
Snjar haweling with tradersand warchouses, and Karif
sounding out arrangements with caravans and guards,
When Lawoke, Iwasable n
and appoint sme fo

lose some profitable deals

s, making it possible, L
va without having to
at least not often.

hoped, to do business ir this
travel here gain myself — o
Ax 1 sent a new partner off to his bed, [wag

approached by a young man not of Berber stock, but of
notive Iberian — not unheard of ith

uncommon sight, Wary inspection rewarded me with
ray first ( sighting in this otherwise deserted
place. He called himself Aratz Labande and spoke
Anibic with an accent [ could wt place.

He claimed thar he had i
following members of his f

celed so far from home hy.
uly, who were brought here
he Almohad conquerorsasslave labor forthe building
of that grand new mesque and minaret. Hee did net, you
‘might guess, count himself among the Ashirra — in fact,

with the ind}jnities visite! or his family members by theit

Muslims overlons, 1 do not expect that he could be
converted within the span of a human lifetime
Suill, he was drawn to me by my perceived honesty
and open dealing. and he wished myndvice on how to
survive in this
here must be quite sec
J hungey desert Lupines ot

1. T gave my opinion tha survival
¢ indeed, unless re
vadinig

VEIL OF NIGHT

beasts to be found in the ares. He assured me thats
cthere than elsewhere, but that

he worried some ancient Cainite might we night

ccrawt from the clayey soil to smite him for daring to

dwell in itseity, Lassured him, Thope not in ector, that

torporous Methuselahs were not a great risk, anid that if

‘one should wake, it would be as chance a happening as

a freak whirlwind sandstorm. He seemed reassured by

this and asked if | thought he should claim the tith

n of this city, Flls manner a
al spa
red from answering
the Cainites of the city sho

without his notice or will
directly, saying th
acclaim their sul
him to the slave
quarters before dawn to speak with the overseer about
purchasing such laborers. Pechaps they'll be cheap

since they are no longer needed after the completion of

make a sale, but many of the captives from Andalus

have mysteriously died in the might since the work was

npleted — some of them murdered by un unknown

rile is not the only Cainite in

the city, or perhaps Marrakish will have a mad anal

lonely sultan. Ido not know, but | will send no agents
Of Iherian blood to do business here

8 October 1194

The return journey to Fez and Sebta went far more
smoothly than the arduous trip south, Leaving the

of pack arsimals inv Marrakish, as I hacl traded.
away of left as hold on services all the gooxls we had
brought with us, my two companions and | made our
‘way unaccompanied and unaccosted, We were able to
travel from Fee inland

We are now back aboard our ship and bow
Tunis. It is unlikely, even under the worst send
that this part of our route will ike the mon
traveling that the last segment did, even tho
almost four times the distance traveled between
Marrakish and Fee, This is the joy of traveling over the
water, my friends,

Bur the drawhacké to travel by ship arealso numer
ous. Travel of any sort is not to be undertaken lightly,
Twill be forced to feed on Sanjar and Karif, and ind
in nosctivities that would sapthe strength e my blood.
{will see nothing bur the inside of hull und the deck
above me for days on end — I would rather be seen as
artegant or seasick merchant by the
members of the crew than arouse their suspicions by

coming on deck every evening with the serting of the


sun. To take best advant
ing wind

se of ourship and the prevail
will not hug the shoreline, which would
allow a hungry Cainite to hunt coastal towns and,
fishing villaues for needed sustenance, but venture far
out into the Mediterr Fora voyage much longer
than this one T would consider the slumber of torpor,
but ifthe winds are good to us on this tip | might not
wake until some time after reaching our destination. |
will read, and write, and pace until we reach Tunis.

Tanis

30 Oktober 1194

We reached Tunis in three weeks — at a respect-
able pace for this season, Caprain Abu Raghid assured
me. Our ship must remain moored at Haly al-Wadi, the
fortitied port thar guards the inlet to Lake Tunis,
Goods, and more rarely passengers like myself, are
ferried to the city via cinal, This was uneventful,
except for the exorbitant rate | was charged to carry a
small amount of goods and three passengers along the
canal after dark. The next time | visit Tunis, |
remember to send goods and ansar during the day
make my own way at night. to save some coin.

Tunis itself is a smaller city than | had expect
given its premier location between the eastern
western hasins of the Mediterra Sea. The city hus
grown in importance since it was razed alongside
(Carthage and rebuilt by che Romans, without its popu-
ation growing instep. Thisseems ideal forthe residents
of Tunis — the city és full of en nd merchants

deven the
fed and surrounded by large tamilies.

‘My rooms above the suq are filled with the scents
of myriad rare oils and pices, lony
have gone home for the night. I must find our who sells

bewilderingarray of good: be sleepingover
during the day. | am certain to find the last strange
items on the spirit messenger's list somewhere in this
mélange of exotica.

after the vendors

the sultan of Tunis, Lady

to welcome travelers,

Hhavebeengiven word ty
ophonibs, will host gather
including a handful of Cainites
Lam to present myself at that time, [find T cannot refuse
this invitation, even were Iso inclined, Iwill, Lam sure,

bean evennful and inservctive evening.

2 November 1194

Let me begin this fresh page with a strong wond of
warming: When in Tunis, do nor speak of

The € ich older than the

sof this city are

three Punic wars, and they have little love for pucans to
the glory of fallen Carthag

Last night's court was held in the bath
guest given a private place to make hy
provided with

with each
elfclean, and
thing our hosts ec i
ste — some antiquated style of tunic dyed the glorious
shade of purple thar funded the Phoenician navy. [
required the assistance of servants tw dress properly
These same deft-fingered servants also made sure I wats
fed properly before the gathering
In the main chamber of the baths, the
Sophoniba was ittn as were several othe
the steam fli
» their
limbs. As I was the eldest of the visitors
development, you may he sure — f made n
h flourish as! could, and was graciously
welcomed to the city
The European visironr dtd not farw so well: They were
th, justrecently Nese,
ir freedor by makin

irpcising

who had decided to celebrate t
pilgrimage to the site of Carthage. Their new clothing sat
p them, and cheir
Theyspokeneitherthecurrent common tongueof Arabic,
nor the lost language of the Phoenicians (which Ladmit |

uneomforrably + were fhahe

ako neither speak nor read), forcirig out hosts to comme:

nicate with them in Lanin. Their juvenile manners alone

would have done their reputations harm encugh. T

leader, however; his belly full of blood! andl his head ful

hal-digested philosophy, fee it necessary to lecture these
werable elders abour the great Ventruc conspiracy and

the tragic death of the Brujab dream, As he found his
tory stride, the youth's unease dropped away,

failed to notice the stony faces and clouded eyes of his

audience. There was no warning when lady Sophoniba
broke her terible stillness, Wiel one swift, unseen mov
she snapped the hes from the brash Brujah, leaving his
bexly to copple into the hor pool where it dissolved ina
© slick. The other Europeans fled. | excused myself
— politely, ! hope — nor long thereafter
oke this evening to find a messonger had deliv
ll containing « poem of
he untortens thoughttully trans.
(0 Latin. The others have received this ss wells
ed try carry a copiy in the unlikely event
ld meet the auklressed site, as lady Sophoniba is

ining Brujah pilgrims will survive
enough to make delivery

T must settle my nerves now to mak last few

purchases in the su — the sellers of such merchandise

as [ must find rarely restrict themselves to normal


Sanjarh al boats hack
to the port full of carpets a

myself with that shade of pup!

yess hours sent seve
id cloth — surrounding
will remind me of this
night formany yearstocome. We will leave Tunis with

the early tide,

AL-QayRAWAN

5 November 1194

We have reached the port of Al-Mahdiya, which
serves the holy city of ALQayrawan. This is the city
from which the Ar 4 unih, eH

conquered the M
ofthe Pr
ot North Attics 1s, the resting place of one
of the Prophet's companions served as @ political and
intellectual center for Islam while Al-Mahdiys
asa ruling port. In recent decades, however, the sume
Arab tribesmen who harass the Berbers as far west as
have completely uprooted the farmers upon whom
adopt jestyle simply to keep one step
ahead of the raiders. Trade has moved north t0 Tunis,
The holy city isleft to gather dust blowing in rom fields
eceasional devour pilgrim,

And reluctant traders ike me. As 1 wait forthe last
rays of the sun ta fall below the steppe, Sanjarreports
thartwo black horses wait, riderless, near the endof the
docks. Fam nor wt all surprised thar Myrsus has ex:
pected my artival

Most Cainites, ever: Ashirni, deserted the
when the bandit depredations reached their peak. Al
Qayrowan proved to be the ideal destination. for a
wondering gron
who have melded pantheian and the strange dervish:
tradition into their blood magic. F have heard that

ese sorcerers were banished trom Alamut for their
wous and oth:
cand thar they left of
where they might
fine their rituals — they h

es, which some consider blasph
nnoying. L have

theirownaccond, in search ofp
Hitade
certainly found such solitude here. 1 aan nor particu

larly comfortable with their worship, bur | know char
Myraus, my companion

have th

ny yearsat the mount
+ Muslim in his.own way. Wh
of the spirit messengers come and these
deliveries must be made. [ have visited AL-Cayrawan
more times than [ike to count, but atleast dhis time
have the luxury of a ship.

6 November 1194

if rode theshortdistance to AL-Quyr

me, incase of abndit attack. | would
bandit who mi

VEIL. OF

fortress, iso deve
approve or

NIGHT

the unthinkable fate of the raiders would do lirele to
conwle hes gusted actoss the steppe. The
steppe was bre, yz my fears, and the horses
galloped off when given their heads as if they surely
knew where we needed to go.

Lessthanan hour Later, weskirted the sleepingeity.
The horses scopped within sight of the zauiya of Sidi
Suhab, the sacred fraremity that guonds the tomb of th
Proph riders in whit
lefe the suites uf the zawiya, heading unerringly for o«
loc n. | felt same relief as Myrsus pulled the rid
veil from his face — his waysare becoming more und
more strange as the years pass, but I would rather deal
with Myrsus, who | have considered a friend, chan
many other of the cold and powerful sorcerers of my
clan. We dismounted and gre
busied ourselves unpacking his
the horses' |

ion, A processic

ons watehed from
let alone offering to assist in any way, The items |
unpacked included a jeweled jar containing an un
guent made from the fat of seabieds, a garland of
scorpion tails that still listen with poison, anda mask
earved from wood as blick as the night sky — along
with other jars and bottles bearing odd titles, the true
components of which Ido nor wish te knwir, Myrsus
sorted through his acquisitions with deft hands and

asional pleasedsounds. No

ismade directly to my sire, and mos
im of services, Once satisfied, he ex

wrapped his preciows Jremounted his horse,
heading further uff into the moonlit steppe to whirl
anions. indulging in rituals they

pact. I stopped in the

zawya before rerumingtotheship, praying at thenicte
before ompanion's tomb in a much mace ree

4 fashion,

Tye Nite River

‘VALLEY

6 December 1194

This area is under che control of the Ayyubid
dynasty. The great leader, Salah al-Din, has recently
passed away, and hisrother al-Adil rules as his succes
sor. His empire, weested from: the Fatimid dynasty of
Cairo and held together with zealous faith against the
salts of the European crusaders, hasbegun ti
into smaller, allied fragments controlled by relatives
and vassals. Still, he A yyubids control the fertile Nile

is in the fi

sunnble


River, the holy cities ofthe Arabian Peninsula, Jerusa
lem and other cities in the Holy Lancl. The jgreates
threat to their dynasty remains rhe crusader stron,
holds along the coast.

CAIRO

from Al-Qayrawan to Cairo was a lony
miles across the eas
an. We weathered
ms, they tell me, hut Ido not retnember
© in torpor f tefl for
cer unloading th mo. Lawoke
insistent shaking — never pleasant, ar
era failed atrempr nap his neck, 1 list
to Sanjar's disturbing t
shipwright who wits 4
hip inthe Se su a
ne advance for mi and his lal

disappeared. The promise is. likewise. nowhere in
evidence. { will ser out t wayward

wright myself
much of substance
T must find another op

It is quite possibly the
nly with Constantinop
s Baghdad for that honor. It is also the
newest city will vis journey. Until the an
peated on the coast at Alexandria. It was the
the built Caito's heart ue
ed it with a thriving metrop etve ss

ce in Cairo they wear their serpe
co deal with x comfort
ne wha feels threatene

ible: so that | might

Thave found my ship and its buildes, and Lam no
pleased. The master shipwright disappearest.asinit
eported. The materials to buikd the ship wer
purchased in sufficient quantity. The master'

tice, terrified at his mentor's uncharacter
lisapperance and with full knowledge af how traps


tant the contract for this ship wis, attempted to fulfill
obligation with inferior materials and
at skill, The result és unacceptable.

Thave sent a messenger to my sire w
Thismay bea simple
also represent unwanted intrusion
Whichever be true, | must cot
assigned journey and leave furthe
others undoubtedly more capable. [ave arranged for
my current ship 1 be maneuvered as
the Nile, disass led, then transpe
in pleces to the sea. I was at first apprehensive
prospect, but the apy

h this news.
eed, bur it may
ro our affairs
inue with my
Westigation to

shipwright assure

that this is the traditional way to move ships from the
Nile delta, which has wood torshipbuilding, to the Sea
of Qalzum, which does nor. kn pharaohs built
the canal thar will transport my boat for just such a
purpose. The apprentice, with Karif's supervision, will

thiness ance |

k in the water. This ty not a short
In the int

vening time, | will continue up the
Jerusalem, Damascus, and Aleppo. leis wn
through contested lands without Karif's
mn, bute sneeded here, and, unlike
shitray do not have time to waste.

ters to attend to in Cairo,

swond as protec

The city's trade in spices and slaves pa
entitely through Se

¢-influenced hands, so one m

go to them to do business. They are canny traders and
drive» hard bargain, but at
contrive excuses for my noctumal habits orskulk
the suq to conduct my business, Lwill nor seek ou
sultan. nor ar tirse. What sone more Ashiera tn th
‘of mortals and Cainites? SI

I do nor need to

it become conver
my presence to Sultan
ronius, | will do sa with good grace
8 December 1104

0F necessary ta announs

Ichas been a productive bur unsettling night. As
made my way through the darkened streets, lencou

tered a fuilige face —a jovial Walid Set named Bilaal
Thave met hitn on past visits to the city, and [am sure
that he remembers me as well as | remember him, yet

he tre nas he did on the first —

sme on each mee
visitor, a pilgrim,somcone here to see the sights.
isto see ifhee pake me
ry. Bilaal offers tours of the
Ing safe passage to these who wish tosee
the resting places of the dead phariohs and
decaying holy sites. His fee for such services is
able enouy J of anyone

ction. | have no

and T have not yet h
while under his pre

VEWL OF NIGHT

interest, howe
1¢ to decades ago

t, in revisiting the site I paid him co
the City of the Dead
stretching along the east and south fringes of the city
J would not, and will nor, travel with him even as faras
the pyramids at Giza. [ explained, us always, that T
wished only to visit the shrines to Husayn and Farina,
and I know very well where they are is t be found
a mefe stone's throw from the Azhar Masque
Bilal chuckled, setting his bulk inte disturbing
oo, and wished me farewell and a pleasant visit r
0. I did not think it was possible for a Catnite t
grow more corpulent, but it scems that Bilal might
have managed thar since fast | saw him. His complex
ion was rosy. and he reeked of fresh blood. T might
tite did nor desert h
death. Most remarkably, as Bila
gathered tohis side three young

convey

on his
worddled away, he
nites —hischikder
iidallow such a thing, but Bilaal is among the most
respected Setites in Cairo, His knowledge of the city
and its treasures is untivaled
ct, Lreached the dwelling of Bek, a
Wilid Ser trader of long acquaintance. Given our
history of mutually beneficial trade dealings, most of
iy acquisitions in Caito for the past several decades
hhave been chrough him, The level of trust between us
ix unusual for our clans, and would he completely
impossible if we had the years and memories of our
elders. The long history of conflict is thearetical for us,
not personal, and is more easily set aside. A well
appointed slave gil admitted me to Bek's household
AS | awaited my host in the courryatd, [ observed a
ofactivity, even for the dwalling of
nite, as slaves of every hue made their busy way
through the house. When Bek arrived to greet me, he
was dressed in the finest fal
2 om his fingers that Td
J. Bek was wealthy b
bur trade must surely favor him these nights,

Indeed, my host bargained ferociously, with the
demeanor of one who knows that his goods will be
bought, by someone, at the price that he names. [
countered by excending the
condition th

es and festooned with
jewelry, with «on
hie could fully he

th of ouragreement, a

see no indication tha
near futu
tion iy

ul this way I have some degree of protse
inst them ising even higher. Of course, [have
nothing but his word that he will honor this deal. The
courts of the gadé supposedly hold no sieay over the

Walid Ser


Ar the conchision of our usial dealings in spices
and human chattel, my hostannounced that he wished
to make a special offer to me, in h
longstanding relations. He had in his possession a
ly valuable staves, each beautiful
and skilled at music, recitation and women's handi
crafts. His household, as I noticed, was full, and he
would therefore sell these women to me at a greatly

cod price. | accepted: f did not want to appe:
ungrateful orstingy. Arrangements were made to have
he slaves bronht tomy lodgings when Bek considered
then properly presentable

# of our

quartet of extre

From these two meetings, and from simple obse
ration of the numbers of Cainites present in the city,
1it_that the Setites of Cairo have
eciably in power— both economic and political.
Tmust wonder that Sultan Antonius, a Ventrue of
Roman extraction, woukd let such power yrow a
checked. He has kent control for so many years, and.
, thar it seems ironic that this
J prove stich a test of his rulership,
11 December 1194
Previous nights in this city have been: merely
unsettling. This one has driven me to my nd. My
tw the sctibes who will transeribe this mis-
ive; my hand shakes such that 1 ean barely read my
own words

it is. ag ined

Ir has been several nights since my meeting with
the trader Bek. A young boy arrived during today's
noonday heat with a message to expect a delivery this
evening: enough spices to refill our ship's small hull,
mad the four slave women | had purchased. Sanjar
immediately began preparations — 1 had apparently
neglected to inform bim that | had acquired human
cargo, which cannot simply he stared in a war
J to leave. Laawoke to the noise of
carts being unloaded in the courtyard below, the pro-
tests of guatds asked! co unchain the warchouse

rk, aml a soft knock on the door to my lod
Sicing up th
purchases. The four women were fed in, velled and
rently restrained hy decorative silver chains. Their

until we are preps

tuations, Lopened the door to receive my

await my app
dt beaslovely as
n tum fora glimpse
skits darker th
coppery-skinned

of India; anda
male wortan with hair the color of straw from

I drew hack the last woman's veil, my

Ataglince, the wom
Bek had promi
of her face
polished mahogany;
girl | guessed to be from the islands e

checks fragrant roses — this was the face of a woman
long dead and lost to me. The sweet curving of her lips
into a'smile broke the cold grasp in

place, ared film of anger des

the shuttered window and into ¢
bales of spices
the workm

WW causing great crnst
I fled, then, in blind panic, ¢
rs later in the utter of a Caigo shiny in the
natn. May Goad forgive roe for whe Hh
ight: I do not even know whut might need
to be forgiven.
The women have been taken away, Sanjaristo kill
the Arab woman, as quickly and painlessly as he can
happy with my decision, but | cannot take ¢
chance that she is aspy or ind Leannot bear

her presence. Karif is gone, so the duty falls on Saniar:
Tstrugale to think: Why would Bek do this? Does he

wish me destroyed, «ir simply unsettled? How sas it
done — did they scour the desert

the misror in
oftny love. ordo I have unseen enemies with the power
towrench fleshinto the shape of a ghost! Ishould think
on these things, important things, vital things — but all
woughts on is that somewhere in the
havelosttharsmall,silverkey. Weill
leave Caito tomorrow nil

12 December 1194

Thave delayed our departure from Cairy byanother
night, but it was well worth it. Right after dusk this
evening, as Sanyar was readying our transport north. 1
decided to visit the shrines of Husayn and Fatima
Although 1am nota devout creature by nature, |
thought somecontemplution might help my spirit. [he
face of Bek's slave girl haunted me yesterday asl slept.
did nor relish an

Fcan focus

cr day of terrors
Inever made it to theshrines. Inde uae my
way thnonigh the narrow streets
night —f noticed a
quiet confidence | have come to associate with the
perliaps he was another Walid Set, maybe
coconspirator of Bek's, and decided to follow
him. A few turns through the maze of streets later, and
Hseard the call of the muezsin beckoning the faithful t

prayer, Butunlike most other nights, when thermaczin

call evokes a slight tremor of fear in my damned heart
this time I felt welcome, The u
ny soul. H make
for the first came in many y

ting strengthened

y way Ceawand i, auly cravings pray


Only wher | hud become utterly lost did I finally
see the muezzin,
invisible tw me fn

marked him ps one of the Hajj, those holy
mong Bay't Mur
enviand the warriors of my clan, they can va
t. That must explain the hidden na

atruccalin had embraced me, and }inade my way inte sou

Ther

were at least 30

women to another,
to face Mecca and pray, This w
mosque. the center of the re
Like the hard r

ions communicy a

the scions of Ci

Al

hood of L
{decides 0 leave quietly after prayer, unwilling to
let idlechatand the inevitable rivalries of ourkind rain

the calm I so 1 I searched the crows with my
eye te find the Nubian ! had followed there. He stood

Beside him, droped in a-subtle cloak of shadow that
marked himnsx member of Qabilacal-Khayalsiebod J.
another man with th
power. His dusky Amb fi
him the look of desert im

quiet confidence of age

sand piercing eyes g
wea, of one of the eribal
princes wh hat! ridden from Maylina with the Prophet
and conquered the world.

Frealiced | hind just praye
a wondrous city inde

13 December [194

with Suletmanibn Abstullab,
mofthe Ashirrasece:Cairais typ

fade in the distance throw
palanguin. L anyjar sill ride

through the darkness,

take shelter
whea our can
The man can sleep when weare

threatens. I donor kno
rest, and Ido not ea
far from Cal

Asweloadedoursa
uniform of wn

me — immediately. 4

1 folknmal the armed

such high places. | wrestled in v

Th

VEIL OF NIGHT

advisor, an Affican Cainite whose black skin reminded
bly of both che obsidian flesh of my most
ngichamned wernan from base

top a minaret tut was somehow — me uncomfor
nule. The white robes —_reveredelder
{ scarced face of the thing beckoning me to prayer night. He instructed

as Jubul ina quiet
shirra tone. Then he processes! to remonstrate me in les pleas
J.Liketheirmoresavagebroth- _ anteadencesfornothavingobserved the proper tradiicans
rival 1 Cairo.

The scolding did not appear to
lid ieseemn thy

his only goal,
naret. [thought this only in retrospect. Atthe time, — hawever

grievous sin that | could not recall, Once | was
the mosqu properly chastened. Jubal spoke convers:

(us, vampires of many matters of trade, the sultan's withdraw
iikneeling from mortal politics in the wake of the
a tue Ashura the increasing numbers of C:
place of culture and hi:
iofmy time in visitagain soon, andro let the brother
ut, this was a moment of unity and communal — clan know that they are always welcome here in the
ength. Other concers faded before the brother capital of

nites drawn tC
ory. He urged me politely to

ind sisters my

lah al-Din's empire, He then wished me

gerd speed
The sultan's advisor tsa good man ing hard place
gree with him: There must be a greater
The Walid Set have grown too
nl oo bold, Perhapsit is time once again to,
atthe frontofthe crowd, listening tothe Hajj muezzin. out the serpents' nests for the light of the sun.

SALEM

27 December 1)94
The road to Jerusalem took just over a formight 10
ever: through occasional blasts of snow. We
slowed our breakneck pace sever

when the fr
Iwas only on my way back to my compound that killed the

1 days out of Caleo,
ditions would surely have
area for our eamels haal we pressed
As my immediate f
| monks of travel. Now [cans cnaly Ii
ship reaches the sea without further incislent
As we neared the city, L sent S:
vels so that f might enter through the
to the Dome of the Kock. ‘This was,
aasion of the tradition th;
must notenter the holyeiey in this mu

rs fixled, we resummed 3

The camel plodsbeneath mie asthe lights ofCaito with the laden.
ithe partied shudkes of the Gale
dl steep ast walk perhaps

pot in Jerusiem co trade.
e wisely elected tomo.
fe plagued fe
var tioleave,aywatdinthe — Trade is controlled an one hund by the Mushakes
Ne house approached me. The gusnl and on the other by Varsik, whase clan { do not know
informedime thatthesultan'sadvisorwishedtospeakwith The only member of my clan Lam acquainted with i
man, 1 this area

Ay contacts have been

of trouble th

a wild assassin woman named Haliba, She
veracked my brain toremember what mighthavedone in lives outside the city in weave o
last night's error that would have drawn attention fom Her simple: prese

Mount of Olives.
kes me uneasy. 1 w

udledmeto have entered the city arall were it not for the holy
the citadel of Salah al-Din. Waiting within was the monuments he


the Rock brought the
1s. could not enter
proves that fam

holy pain to almost unkx
the hallowed buildin,

2m for the loss of my humanity, but it does
ing comfort me that the most degraded man can
enter the Dome of the Rock whe I fled
tothe cof the Muslit
excoriated, as though the open sores bled
at the impurities accu U since | kat was truly
1. rejoined Sa
lice to be

We will rest here a de

my strength, then we will leave on the road to

Tue Roap To Damascus

13 January 1195

Thad looked forward co spending some time in

Damascus, but it appears our stay is to bea short ones

fromashelrer near the

Ils. This is the closest we

‘ome to Salah al-Din's capital, Indeed, instead of

the merchant J expected to meet here, | was greeted hy
a clanmate

Thad not seen Bistakh bit

warrior woman, since Lace

horse

Fahd, a fierce Kurd

mpanied my sire toAlamut

some years ago. Av that time, Bistakh's sire Fahl

accepted execution because he had failed to see the

infernalism thathad gripped the soreerersund visiersin

ny sire spoke in Fahd's

ageous decision to

ot truly his own,

thin

ine is truly gifted at the arts

stealth. ILean be worrisome wo see how vulnerable we

wre to them. Fortunately. she came bearing me no ill

will. In fact she came two infernal pits

shat had damned b sand claimed husown
unlife bid in Darnascus. She is here
vengeance from Alamut and did ni

snared by the Baali devils sh

Twould not he my sire's childe if I did not manage

» honor her his own simultaneously, of

coune, Nee ey items from Damascus, 1

explained to Bistakh that | had te honor my elder just

as she did hers. With some mea of frustration, she:

ed to obtain the items for me and

bargain, after
We make for Aleppo tomorrow night.

FAALEPPO
(29 January (195

Skirting the Syrian Desert to our east
rugged mountains of the coastline to the we
‘our way to ghts. Our journey was
itself is not larly
barrierto

Leppo in fifteen n
slow and cautious. The rou

» banditry by the invaders lurk un the route
ling wha

und, Th

scence they can from d
grow even more desperate in the
cdl through the darkest nigh

of the on to avoid any confron.

Aleppo isan indepenslent city, its rulers descend
ing from Muslim dynasties since the 10th ceritury. Its
in theory, within the realin that the Ayyubid sultanate
however; the city of Aleppo has survived

ly on its own, fending off a profanged sieve 70

and remaining free of invaders ever since. It

ficult fon the city nox wo thrive. Lrslocation,

le distance from both the Mediterranean Sea

to the west and the Euphrates River tc
formillennia. Au

» the east, has
Hattie
cines an

this city. The

assured its prosperit
Assyrians, Persians, Greeks, Romans, B

ac last A\
marks
streets

hs have bled to take and ho
bygone civilizations can be sec
nd buildings
its nights.

The

my site's much
unified frox
authority by

in Aleppo'
and in the ereatutes that stalk

of Aleppohave not, tomy memory or

ner remembrance, ever presented a
The city has no sultan or controlling
ad, three vampires from

pase eras vie fi the city. All thy

UNDER THE CRESCENT


iderable power, an remains suspendes

peoween them like a frag od stand.

rounded and the mortal he
sored chiller were
invaders is
in fill the Ate
bur the ar gotten the

missing. They blame each for their loss

Still, iFone ean a ing enmeshed in the
Jerful place
here have been

id bec
Mhirsty 1
tmde. My
and
The craftsmen
be found

thes. it is a

fealin sro

in the past urd to renewing those

contacts 4 Aleppo make the richest
Medite

always in Thigh demamd

dyes x stony nean, so the

textiles and leatherworks are
anuary 1

The streets of th hataurs are covere
bet
etely set. 1 can be brave in search of

Aleph
making it pyssible for the brave to venturi
the sun his ¢

business, ic isan invigorating feeling.

VEN, OF NIGHT

Uhad time t
bazaar folded

coverings of

plai
the he
J reac

and that each generatic

with wo merchants befc

J up around me, In darkness, che cloth

them ghastly moths
nahill inthe center
ty Wasonce afar
simply built
wises ancl discards of the last until

hed its current prodigious hei
{the city's Cainites, and they

utter blackne

ies sanc

bazants Iw

se too ghastly tof

ft Sass, 0 N

e by her name. ! i

J she responded by welcoming

‘name. This

on her part

was simply a gesture of respe
Sam's sire walked this

yrian Empire, and he-and his childer

ie ancient god. Yet
etome of

aking me by

neontinued,sh
id ‘till rhe


which [ allowed in my befuddlement, she led me

through winding streets co meet her new fast friend,

Kasos, once one af Aleppo's young toughs. Thisnight

wt Ambic rather than the

Greek tongue customary to the Hellenic brood; he wa

acticing, he explained, so that he might berter read
the Qur'an.

By thistime, lamsure that my reservehade
away to show my utter bewilderment. Like
dren they mgged me towand the citadel, determined to
show me some prize. Ina long, narrow cave beneath the
mount, a prayer niche was carved where the altar to
Hurris, the Mittani god of night, once stood. The
heavy stone idol ofa bull yet lay in pieces on the floor
Knecling belore the niche wasthe elder Cainite Varro

ne of Aleppo's triumvirate, As Kosios stepped
forward to pray by his side, Samsi retreated
respectiul distance, | wumed and scrambled out the

mbled
iger chill

eway into the brisk winter air.
ready drafted a letter to my sire, and sent
Sanjar with it to the coast. write this quickly now and
hope thac! do nos larer fee! compelled to return to my
pagesand rip them our. Perhaps I should rejatee ar the
conversion of an entire metropolis of Cainites to the
ways of Islam, but Feannot believe that this has been
ne with their hearts. I dread to even consider what
ner of being would have the power to wield such

dark pass
Thave

es who have si gled

1 Lo not wish to be

wl that T cannot but

consider ita grave insult that my faith, and the faith of

millions, woukl beused likesome old blanket cosmother

Aleppo'sfire. | must eave quickly, before | experience
astrange change of h

ARABIAN
PENINSULA

18 February 1195
Thavesarrived in the port city of Ayla, on the Sea
of Quizum, with my ansar Sanjar. Everything else that
rook with me upon leaving Aleppo — pack animals,
bles —remainssomewhere in the Jordan

com the roa

ging my message to a ship on the

n coast. The journey was chill and un-

eventful until we neared Jerusilem, Within daysof the
its who lurk along the trade
1 train, in spite of our
. We fled before the
sheer numbers of the human vermin overwhelmed us,

Damascus

city. the desperate b
routes swept down ott Our s
attempts at disguise and subterty

Those who folle satisfied with the contents
of the packs left behind and hoping for some trinket
tipped from my person, I dealt with personally, Lam nox
warrior, and I do not enjoy shedding blood. Leon
myself with the thoughe thar those I destroyed cant
he considered People of the Book by any estimution,
having reduced themselves to animals by their own
cathers, the v
and soaps they have

ind hope th

their worthle:

conduc! ofthe lovely paper
Joubtedily last to
sures they stole

they have the

My ship unexpectedly reached Ayla before me
1 did not expeet that | would be traveling ot
wounded scribe, from Jorusal
ib is: xamewhat th

utothe Sea of
worke for her
arnution from a nest of ship timbers,
entice shipwright has grasped the gravity of
J provided me with his best work. 1
believe he may think me capahle of walleny out ofthe

very bottom of the sea, covered in brine and weeds, 1

burthe

torment him should my prec
made sure that

ship sink. He has
ety inch of the hull is patched and
id our captaies has verified our seaworthines
Thave writtenaletter of rece

in to Ussist hi

snendation forthe young.
in finding a mew master, with the
recommendation that he seek employment in another
port, given the overwhelming
Set in and around Cairo

The crew of the ship has changed for the worse
The sailors who manned the ship all through the
Mediterranean were unwilling to leave a familiar se

nt 10 spend such lo

© of the Walid

easingly uncomfortable with their noctur:
thal employer. Whatever the reasons, we have been
forced to seek out amore homogenous and less skill
crew, Captain Abu Raghid swears that he eats tutor this
lot in what chey must know, but f
will he slowed. This will be a trying time, as the erip to
Jidda will not be to tw enter the 4

comfort of torpor, yet T must remain apart fre

sand skittish crew and car

Jippa
28 March 1195
The Keening began to i
dreamsas we siiled south. It was
Arabia, its wail rev
distant thunder

atime our travel

ur new
iy ration my strengt

te itself into

aned over
nore oppressive thin the voice
jinly the ship musccome

from the overwhelming sound. I think thar its st

UNDER THE CRE

———

Seren


distance from the shore, but I did
ho venture out of my sealed quarters to make any sort
of measurement. And, of course, Lam the only Ashirra
aboard to hear the Keening. Once our ship was safely
berthed in Jidda, and my feet touched the sandy soil of
my homel
jar golae

must depend on «

lonceagain, the Keening became a famil.

Icisimpossible to forget, howev
the holy eities of Mecca and Madi
of the sun were

ny proximity to
Ifthe bellowing,
h of a reminder, the night ai
hick with faith and difficult tasee through. 1
ger enter those cities, whose gates I fre
often without great care passed through asalivi
Hod 1 known whit would come, 1 would have beer
more circumspect and_ prayerful
though my elan ison the best of terms with the mullal
Tarique al-Haij and his fellow Nosfera
the holy cities), [ have not be

(who
enter
request
a reason as to conduct trade. Instead, |
what deals 1 ean
while Karif
fax,
Jadina to assure the contin
ors within the blessed cities,

ed cooperation

arena of daylight politics, these lands along.

+t belong to Salah al-Din's dynasty. Hisassump:

tion of power in these territories wasiichieved relatively
peacefully. There has not been significant political
upheaval in the tegion since the Qarmatians, Shiite
agitators from the uth, sacked Mecea and stole the
Black Stone from the Ka'he in the 10th century
Ashirra leadership parallels this stability. Since the
return of the Ka' he Hajj have been dominant in
matters of faith among the Ashirra, while temporal

+ is held by an ancient line of thi

ofthat line issnclearly assoctated with the Fran}. These
vaunpires call themselves El Hijazi after the re
Arabia they call theirownand haveheen int
ries or millennia. They ure noble
rly At

These nights will without doube pass slowly. Jidda
has little te recommend itself asa city other thy
proximity to holiness. My

J prideful

but ut

nly consolation. will
other Ashirra travelers secking to undertake pil
age to Mecca (ut least as fa as those of our damn
cin go), and the numbers of my own clansmen hy
assist the Hajj in procecting the walls af the holy city.
Unfortunately, Ihave found that warriors do not make
good conversationalists

VE OF NIGHT

~ For Mone...
ancient AdhimofMeceaand Madina,
dof Darkness, Second Eatin.

Ar-Ta'e
31 March 1195

Jam not traveling wat-Ta'if—and | would suggest
that you do not either, Ie is a beautifl li
graced with sufficient water to support fruit trees and

lovely greenery on the edge of the desert. Ie is also
Hessed with the tombs of the Prophet's own sons. But
aeTu'ifhasad thatdark past honnteit still
morunce thar shrouded the land
the Prophet, the town and the
fertile lands surrounding it were the domain of the
pupin goddess Aller. Allavs follomeis dhd wot ger
Ciously give way when Muhammad brought word of the
one ¢ God. They remained, growing ever more
zealous and violent, until it became necessary 10
them out by force. The reor hat old religion seems
to have remained, however, growing twisted and fore-
odin underground as centuries passed. Iris eume
that the hidden devotees of Allat have consorted with
dark and evil forces. Others say that it is not a dead
goddesscausing unrest in at-Ta'if, but rath
Majooon Methuselah called AV Ussa, who writhes in
torment under the forested plateau (and not beneath
hallowed Mecea itself as ers believe), Whether the
cause is the childer of AL Ussa, loosed djinn or fatic
cultists, eavel around at ly for Ashirra
supremely cor hie prowess with
blade ed fing,
6 Ajmal 1195
Thave survived my self-imposed exilein Juda with,
her than more coin than I had intended
spent on entertaining mortal merchants in the eyes
‘nings, and fiercely driven, bargains for such relatively
unimporcant items as dried figs cluttering
My ansar asso! adacted on busi
holiest cities with nlacrity, if not with the nuances thar
L would have brought to the transactions myself. Our
ship's captain has spent the intervening time at sea
withourrough crew, achieving the dual goulof incr
ing their familiarity with the drib's advanced eigginy
andl sparing me continued docking fees.

ny reels.
ss in the

We are now sailing south to the port of Aden,
which isnominally under Ayyubid contral. The tribes


of the southern peninsula have never felt particularly
bound toobey the dietatesof remote caliphs, however,
and the recent dissolution of Ayyubid power only
exicerbatesthat local cendeney. Stability in the area is
provided by the Zaydi sect of Isa offshoot
from the Fertile Crescent tht entrenched itself in the
furthest reaches of che peninsula in the ninth century
Ir hac retained great influence ovee local wacko
the centuries since, Zaydi imams and other re
‘men wield more sway over the locals than the cx
Ayyubid appointees or tribal chieftains.
Corstopsar Aden, and San‘s' further inland, are of
eat importance to my trade — even greater impor:
fran | realized when my journey began. With the
stranglehold the Walia Ser have established over the
ade in spices and slaves through Cairo, it is more
important than ever to solidify altemate sources for
we vital goods. In Aden, it should be possible
ces from India and the islands of the
itheastem seas, and slaves shipped up the African
ast, before the ships enter the Sea of Quilzumn. I have
no doubt that there ure Serpents to be found a Aden
and San‘a', but itcannot beas corrupt asth
that Cairo has become

ADEN
28 Apnl 1195
travail, As with the last segment of our trip, our time
sail was tow short to slipy the ‘ive comfort
or. At least now Ido not have the additional
an unseasoned crew manning 4 ship
patched hull. make best use of wind and
/e spent many days far from shore, the
slapping of waves on the stup's hull overwhelming the
faint Keen ing us the sun follows its course. Even though:
Thave spent a few spare months back in my homeland,
L found the Keenin ily disturbir
| have arrived in Aden and ensconced myself as

Hin the merchanes' quartets af the sty. To my

Ince, it wasnecessary to bribe the sus guardians
toopen the gatesafterdark, Thisis.a busy port.and this
| was not the only trader to artive after the

serting of the sun. The guards must line their pockets
well with contributions from conscientious merchants
tose theirzoodscarefully from shiptoshore.
There is little to this city chat is not directly
weociated with trade. The port of At-Tawahi harbor
and the su full of warehousesire ancient, inexisterce
for as long as mankind has loaded his wares onto ships
of the
osques they worship in, look

whow

and taken to the waves for profit, The dwel
people, and even the

insubstantial or even flimsy beside the monuments to

the merchant's att
Helv the sy

incurring another bribe — ro seek

sultan of Aden. in other circumstances | m
not have done so. I remember an,
thamit ibn Yasir, to he both young and inexperienced,

and bound w his sire in San‘a', the true lord of the

port must acquire in my eradin
make my presence kn
sipproval

Hele it prudent to

y amd graciously seek his

es In retrospect, it appears that
aire wise deciston.
tofskulking n

rect me. | woukl have ex

find a native Ashiera to
pected a more prominent presence in Aden; such

transient popalarion makes or easy feeding. Either this
{snot the case, or else many of ee both wary
of visitorsand skiledat remaining hidden. The Ashirra
| finally. observed and approached was st
seemingly dismayed! at having been spotted

e natives:

ed and
He was
ite polite, however, and gave me the informa
tion I needed to meet with ibn Yass
‘only as Babjat, neither indicating hiy sire nor his
homeland. Though his visage was shrousled, he did not
appear to have the mannerisms of

bur declined to

ithern tribes:
man. [surmise that my polite benefactor is in hiding,
From our brief interactinn, Fean only wish bin well

The sultan holds court not within the city of Aden,
but across the harbor to the west, on the peninsula
known as Little Aden. He has established a residence
there with walls so high and thick it resembles a
miniature fortress. Ibn Y
their tradition to build
waited a not unreayonab!
courtyard by

nd it isin

their havens. |
mne ity a lively
{mitted 10 the gultat's pyres

re being
ence, Gone way the
remembered from years ago. In his place was an assur
arteous administrator. We discussed the current
tion in Cairo, and [nae

ncertain andl deferential chile |

y request toexpand my
His grim satisfaction at the
4 the ponver of Cait
Jerstandable given
that the Walid Set
astaremenc | mustacceptf
the tas | have seen no evidence tw the contrary

‘operations in his city
decline of Ayyubid cont
an was discomfiting but u
he controls, He
were well under control

ssured

— and thar my business here might be ce
without feat of undue supern
by the Serpents. Any undue economic influence, he
stated with amusement, | must deal with myzelf, Cer
tainly, a bidding war in Aden can only bring profit t
itn Yasit's door. {do not feel threatened by

al influence: heought

"vipers

UNDER THE CRESCENT


in matters of finance and the logistics of transporta-
ssured confidence seemed both pleasing and
further amusing to the sultan

As eft, !asked ibn Yasie whom T should speak to
Sout trading matters. asked with the inten:

tion of confirming our businessdealings with hissire-
4 process | assumed would be necessary, The sultan,
, recommended that I speak to certain crafts-
nen and respected businessmen, both Ashisra and
living, without a mencion of his site. 1 paused for
moment: Thesultan,clearly more experienced in read
ing the intentions 6 V remembered or
expected, cut me short with a glance, Hee coolly but
politely wished ine safe travel to San‘a', remarking that
the road inland was no longer as safe (0 travel as it bial

been in years past. The road between Aden and San'
prained ine

dl between

here in Aden will ne

howev

inblesafety because of the blood
n Yasir and his sire,

andthe
and less
expensive. You are likely not surprised, reader, that 1
alsode not relish the idca of placing myself in dae midst
of a conflict between a powerful site and his chikle
Ie will take several days, at least, to make at
ments with the local traders and warehouses
if the process includes bullying, cajoling or rootin,
those under Walid Set influence. This will extend the
amount of time | had planned to spend in Aden,

land route up the coast is more Convenie

ange
longer

pushing us closer to the monsoon season for our long

shipboord joumey arund the pensins
Faris. We will then proceed to San'

1 to the Sea of
as quickly as
by camel and horse

SAN?'
2 June 1195

We made remarkable ya" an

mals show th

<a ani
carmel I chose to
J curry me without
complaint was a hearry enough beast, but possessed of

could break the bones of a mortal

s through the ty it sliwok my palanquin
hard enoug rom my daytime slumber. In
those dreadful moments, the nig he

gift with my blood se that it wou

to wake me
cof the sun
just outside the closed cur on me, and
the Reast shricked fearfully above the drone of the
Keening, You can infer my survival from the continu:
ation of my

arrative, of course, but I despise being
pushed to such extremes by a clumsy be
| look forward to slitting the creature's

return (0 port

ima on Our

VEIL OF NIGHT

The oy ssive heat subsided somewhat as we
climbed into the foothillethar surround Mowe Nigar
to reach San'a', nestled at its western foot, The moun
tain guards the approach from the east; the massive
walls, thirty feet tall in many places, protect the rest of
the city, and not coincidentally provide its name: "the
fortified place." The local people believe that Shem,
son of Noah, founsled their city. Whether this
ornot, the city has harbored the children ¢
long as any other founded by the
Christians and Jews lived here, an
thedesertsofpagan Aribia, inthe
Prophet shared hisenlightenment. Th
the Qa' al-Yahud, remains to this day in the western
partof the city, secure belyind itsown wallslikeso many
other residential communities. Itscraftsmen are cd
the finest silver and goldsmiths on the peninsula.

Iwill visic the Je

ruth

Jewinh quarter

sh quarrersomeothernight Lam

1 Mith, the sal
¢ is composed of many

vast marketpls

smaller sug selling « great variety of gooxds despite the
name of the place. It begins just inside the city's main
point of entry, the Yemen €
Jami' al-Kabir, San‘a's great mosque. This geographical
ingement makes it far easier for me to gaitv access to
the sug after dark, as there is significant traffic around
both gate and mosque after the erring ofthesun. [have
not visited the oe will |— it isprimarily
aplaceof worship forthe Zaydis. Theresre 16 mosques
within the great walls of S

my quarters. | w

a", several within
1 he best for me to visit one of th
Karifiandd Sanjar from their travel
weary slumbers for # quick civ
ml among Muslin t
codified, ina written document, the accepted manner
of conducting be its. walls
This id to traveling travlets, we we ate
unfamiliar with what decisions might be rendered by
Zaydi-influenced gad should a contract full through,
se we have such a short period of time bet
2h to sce ahead of the monsoe
X be pressed into meeting with merchants

aylight hours, and J wish to avoid any legal

fepercussions he might incur in addition to suffering
through the "bargains" he makes. | myselt will meet
with the Asbirra recommended by Sultan ibn Yasir in
Aden. Unfortunately, the resident Ashirra of the city
have no such introductory document available

June 1195

Tonight I met with Harvinder al-Cambay, i Cainite
well established in s he hails from Inel


shores. To be honest, ! donot know if he is Ashirrs
those merchants recommended to
standing disputes with any
membersofthe Ashirracommunity,andhehasadopted
1 Muslim-style name of a sore. These things will
noiugh. AL-Cambay livesin an opulent section of
the city, The watchmen admitted me with ne com:
but | was escorted to my host's dwelling by ovo
of their number, The houses here, and in the many
ancient itl wealthy communities to be found in the
{sandy brick, with
avings adoring windows and (riezes. The
holds the summer heat long after the sun
100 close to the walls can bealarmin to
the distracted

The wealth tw support my host in suc a luxurious
uunlife comes from his lucrative trade in mortal menand
women. will have rodeal with others comake arrange:
ments for the transport or purchase of spices and
valuable trinkets from the coast of Africa; al-Cambay
specializes only in chesaleofslavesinnd hast reputation

providing healthy and fit specimens. His selection

shan | might choose from in Cairo
because of his location on only one slave trade route,

1] look forward to the pleasure of working with
trader who is not one of Ser's faithful in this delicate
area of business, Since there was relatively little to

Ker over in regard to variety, and Twas unwilling to

peluded early
versation.
Ie became quickly obvious that my host was far
natters than 1. He wi
nitrigued by my neophyte explanations of the qarih's
xd rudder, and cagerlyasked toaccompany me
n to see the marvel of engineering for
ully agreed; after cementing the
want working relationship inthismanner,
nfortable broachingpolitical matters. My
w friend informed me that San'a's sultan, Abd al-
Haga, has not been seen for many years. There have
heen no peat crises in that time — according to al:
Cambay, none of the city's Ashitra are interested in
assuming the position of sultan, at least not enough to
anger each other or Abd! al-Hagq's loyal supporters
ven the nature of our kind, which assume youknow
ell, readers, [find this difficult t9 belicw
I did not say so tomy host. The
have, one hy one, dropped from sight. The
the imam's summer palace to the
northwest of the city's m
night, throwing shadows down the steep oute

business matters € the evening and

lefe time for ce

ims can neverbe wnslaved;

of rock thatit perched upon; now the wintows
like the rest of the eity

We parted
south together
to insteucr him

1 making a
several

ments tiy travel
aystime. | have woken Karif
orge his "trading" for
ratch the imams palace through the next

t. He is only too happy to comply

5 June 1195

We leave San'y' tomorrow night, K
firmed thar there isno unusual nighttime:
ams summer palace, at
able to observe in his few ni
spoken with several more of the city's Ashirra in the

course of conducting business and sharin: news
eredon my travels,andall of them are curiously lacking
in political morivattc der, bu

if has con:
tivityatthe
st none that He haa be:

Lom,of course,
Tpride myself on being eis

y elicieor: | do nat brag when I claim that | should
beable to infer the presence of a citywide plot from my
conversations, should one exist. leven spoke with Ab
al-Haga's youngest childe, Sakan. She is still a Ned:
ling, who was not so agoa fetching tm

fresh from the desert. I expected no lofty poli
aspirations from her, but {dil expect that s

have some knawledge of her site's disposition — ar
that she mighthe the easiest person
tion from. The young creature s
uncoward ahout her current

tion I find deplorable —and c
information as to what mig!

Tean only hope for her

pry that infor
meal to find nothing
ded state —a condi
we with no
fallen the sultan.

ke thar other Ashirra have

UNDER THE CRESCENT


her, since the Beast is
irly years,
Thave done all chat 1 can in such w shon
haveacquired warehouse space.andcontract
slaves

weeredd tw edueat
ably strong in

orspices,
ory, precious woods and rare stones: Whoever

contr irs, they
Is. There is always

may be of the city's evening
seein as solid as the surrounding wa
risk in wd here I must take the risk that the
darkened of Sun's' might soon run red with
sal blood as its residents grapple for power. Iti,
uly, no greater a a Luke in any ety where
Ashirra or other ther in such numbers,

nto the Gulf of Aden was hurried

safe. The sedentary residents of San‘a' and Ad
overestimate the danger
cities, butoursafety mayabohavebeendueto Harvinder
al-Cambay's large, well-armed escort. | usually con:
idbe euch 4
counterpuenh nd prefer the safety of the appear-
ns. However, the large entoun
byal-Cambay anid itseemed te

anice of modest me
ly fur
have 1 ride thar ungainly
expressed both wonderment and delight at the design,
cof my ship's keel and rudder, and wished to rent
craft from me for s short cruise: | had to dechis
although his offer wasattractiv

Cambay

wewillencounterthe
the Gulf of Oman asit
is, and any further delay might he eatastrophic
confess to you, my readers, that while Ih
‘enjoyed the company of this Cainite far the week:
Thave known him, | did not relish the idea of
him free access to my haven or my crew. Even.
Jack of eaution in dealing with the sup
who control my ship could jeopardize my safety, espe
cially as 1 will take refuge in torpor for the long. journey
anuund the southern end of the peninsula.
19 Arquast 1195
11 woke from slumber in the Gulf of Oman,
yp through. For all of our hurry leaving port
the monsoon winds caught the gtrib pase the port u
Dhufar, approximately halfway « our destination of
Suhar, 18 days into our voyage. Sanjar tells me 4
hays of high seasand drivinyg rain, many of
the Egyptiansstyle shiphuikler's fastenings, which bad
pted in Caito for our Andalusian-bailt shipy
sprung leaks under the strain. The crew spent days
ye the ship while
keeping it upright and moving toward our dest
Sanjar and Kart ¢
closed deck

monsoon winds before we re

after sever

ok sole responsibility for the en:
area that sheltered me. The dry areas of the

VEIL OF NIGHT.

compartment were devoted first to our rece
contracts, inclixling this journal, snd then to the
ervation of delicate goods, 1
to think that was left co pickle in the brine. bur Lhave
suffered no ill effects from my immersion besidh
temporary leaching of dye
Enough goods were spoiled asitstands, and | appreciate
that my ansar saved an additional Koy length of spices
from the flooding waters.

0

a my clothing to meskin.

Weshould reac! in several days, Once there,
we will make quick rerairsand awsess rhe damage de

fo our cargo,

SHAR

23 Auguste 1195

We have safely

J my associates ate exhausted from costa

ice and hailing. | myself have eontrituited to th
nighttio wotey ro Haxtivitics unter the confines
of the deck. Kari reports that the ¢ py with
my virtual disappearance through he course of thy
near-calamity, hut that their grumblings are restricted
to my supposed sense of entitlement asa rich merchant
and include nov suspicions us to my predatory nature

There will he little rest in port. The ship must be
repaired, salvagealle goods dried and repacked
provisions bought for the mortals on heel I is fo
nate thar my official business in this uit is restricted to
fone important itenn: fa

For those of yo

ae harbor én Subir. The crew

ncerise.
onygy readers who are unfamiliar
with the imps akineense, allow me te

brielly. For many centuries the resin of the frankincense
tree was worth more than its weight in wuld, The resin
humsessily and with aplesaunt fragrance, so was uses in

religionssrituns ay incense. Irssmoke bus resery
medicinal propertie
disease and by ein

it was ised by doctors to fi
liners 1» combar decay, Lastly, ic wae
uuseal asthe eds chat rinks

the grandest luxuries, Although frankineen:

demand, the tree yraws only in southern Arabia
smallareaof Africa acrussthe Sea of Quitsutn. The peoples
of these areas were greatly enriched by the frankincense
rude. In recent years, the demand for frankincense has
fallen dramatically of the viirkl's pecs hue
moved away ft

ssis foe rich per

the pagan's religious pructices that
demanded the propitiation of spirits through the we of
incense. My clan's sorcerers, however, still make an un-
healthy habic of such practices; hence, my tied to visit
Suharto ensure nur continued access 1) this eseuitee
The port city has not fared as well politically as it
fhas financially. Like sa many other cities vital to trade


Suhar has heen i xl for millennia.
importance derived from abundant depo
that wete lesired by the Mesop
farendof the SeaofFaris,since tha
meral resources. The contral of Suhar i
hanged with the rise-and fal of ernpires betwee:
igris and Buphrotes — first Assyrians, then the
Persians ard liphsot Islami — punctuated by
inevitable local uprisings. Since the ninth century,
violent Khawarij and ho moved to this

b century and stole the Black Scone of the Ka'ba,
found shelter in thi tthe caliphs of Baghdad
J the depreslations sett tribes have

Khawarij sect spared th

due to their more moderat.

reckoned with. They control the hilly interior,
ing the coust and its port cities 10 outskle Cu

p times of hax cont ver, the Uhadis

This is such a time of
who is in control of the
disembarked and made my
The city, which a spare

ax control. I dor
city, even thougl

hl

years ago
ly unused, w'
leet. The hathor

hd ventured far across the Aral

nearly empty,

»/Sheen woman fr

background whi for decad:
tween her fiery
deserts with
dwellers. [an
likewise certui
atlight residents
bloody mids by mortal

maintained
roan the

ibian Sea,

presence, the da

uhar are subject &

and immortal enen
ve no desire to be a viewm, | would stay

but my presen
adi, we will mak


frankiquersse mienetva

wwetlesiurvivalot someat our cantacts and leave

W Hommus anal the Sea
Tue Ferti
CRESCENT

Thave eels

visly, readers, that this
vee worl of Ista. te bs
of the

rer unr pre

iifereny here inv the lush tank Tigris

Euphratestivers. Please hear with my necesarily le
tation, readen { payattention, asthis
prove vitally niyyortant shoubl you

urchercas.. The

tertravel theoagh these kandsats
an the bones of
» in the
However,
pittled aways in
uhdad are

r niccessarily

wisiegnly
hasnd caliphs of

fia figurelicids only. This docs 1

ws divided amor

Tuck sT branch of the Ogue tribe:

The power at

region for almost a
siter cousting the Petsian upstarts
Abbasids. The de-

J wrested power from th
ut Seljug lewlers ty

k the title of sultans, by
thority of the caliph, dhey re
great Muslim empire

inv the
But chere will always be burbanons at the gates.
K yrakhunnl iberock thevithuableeitiesof Bukbatra
Saaurkinid (hy whic L must later travel) fru
Abbasid governors. They became vassils ais Seljucy
on of the Khitin peoples who were expelled from
This mighty alliance, the
Karakhitat Expire. brought the Seljua military t its

he year 1141, The battles have

their native Taujast

Lnwesat Samarkand i
Yet more bettayal by the Karakhanid people

the Seljuq sultans. The Karakhanid governors of th

Khw 8, appointed for their faithful servie

declared loyalty to the Karakbitad after their victory at

Samarkand, Such dub ickly proved

wottliless; iv lesy that a generation, the Khwarizi.
Hh had tech

J independence und set our tu watt on
today is

whowill control the portof Basra when I land,

The situ know

Vol. OF NIGHT

will command the great city of Baghlad, the
the ‘Abt
change b
Time:

his war are Mustien, so that
uty expect ce to be observed whetever |
travel. The Ch

tnysted,

Basra

16 September 1195
The ‘Abbasid and Seljucy p
entirely

lun invaxkersto the west cantiot be

Thad expected ¢
Vili the vast Selju
the urbe warchmen tell me, pulled back 1
more that a year ago. Perhaps they enaititaina presence
io Bowhdad; the locals do pot know, so | will not find
Ic isnot surprisig tha a
The port is incredibly important geographically, bur
wy has been traus ible from the be
ng. The city was founded in the 7th century by
ryyad caliph for

ie asa military eneampracts
confluence of the great Tiges and Eupheares. rivers

stheshullow and brexud lakeof Al-Hamimar. wh
throug
Al-Arab, Basta is nestles! on the western

nk ofthe Shatt Al-Arals, Creeks andl tnatsbesaboun
he city itself forall the abun

nt water, Basra has always had trouble providir

potable wa etch

one century under

jor its residents. Theeity
threc internal revolts te the sp
re uprisings by the my
from the Indian cast, and the Zang fro
ars toquell. T Js more invasion than
devastation from whieh Basta
ered. With such constant uphes
that many metehant families relocated their fortunes
this latest chapter in
written a final exd to Basra's brilliant ¢
to Labamic culture. Even amid this ec

ntributions
stant strife, the
peoplesto be found here sparked literary
rtistry and religious scholarship only recently rivaled
by the
I face the task of unthreadinw Basta's 1
alliances with a mixture of anticipation and dread. In
its prime, theeity may hav

us cities of Anidal

sted more than ten score
Cainites trom the comers of the world. The Ashirra


could count only a bare majority, yet they controlled
thecety. In times of upheaval, heretical creatures from
diseme lands hiavegrasped ar anyopportunity toweaken
the Ashirra's control.

17 September 1195

The situation Is worse than I had hoped. Sanja
reports thar the city functions well enough by
Though fled, the administ
maintain the city's husie functions — the remnants of
Persian nobility whohave directed affairs in th

«ited of years — have remained a s
By nigit, however, the suq of the Ashar market district
are the scene of a taut truce, with Cuinites ofall d
cofenmity glaringar each other acrossquickly emptying
tents and stalls. All eyes follow wh

her dares to leave alonyg the ele
sereets; more than once I heard faint sounds of conflict
echoing back t add to the ambient tension.

Marrere worsened when my companions and 1
slipped from the sug to prowl the residential sectors.
We were set upon not ance bur three times in three
separate quarters: once by four Cainites whose high
generation and few years were quickly ap
by small but enraged mob and its equally predatory
master; and lastly, most discomfortingly, bya crowd of
torch-wielding men or ansar. [ had neither time nor
inclination to investigate thar marten, as the first two
encounters left us weak enough. Volunteers customar
ly patrol the residential quarters of Muslim cities. It
would appear that the voluntary status of many of
Basra's nightly patrols has been revoked. As 1 have
proclaimed to you before, readers, Ham no warrior, but
am experienced. | knew that the most prakent path
was to return to the sug and my guarded rooms therein.
I sincerely hope the guards are well paid.

18 September 1195

Thavereceiveda ne

rely welcome visitor. One
of the angry torch knocked at my door — his
flame left behind — and offered to barter information
foradraught of my vitae. He gave his name as Yust al

Margil. He claimed to he the shandoned servant of a
Turkish Achirea who fl ating Seljuqs
He and others left in such a desperate position have
maintained their empowered state since that time hy
bargaining with the few Cainite travelers to pass
thr h, or hy hunting, assaulting and destroying thase
young Cainites which now cun amok in the city. There
isnosultan or Ashirra imam in Basra, he reported each
walled enclave has ts own chieftain, none of them ye

powerful enough to subslue all potential rivals. Those

of some age and subtlety proceed in the time-honored
fashion by grasping, als with power and influ

farts in the poorer quarters, howe
spawning small ar
the closed gate:

es of childers after sunk
the blood of faithful me
runs red through the streets to feed the hungry
gs. Most disturbing, Yusti believes that one of
enclaves may be infested with the Baal

nissed the man as quickly as possible. [yeas

table giving my blood to such as him, an

admitted slayer of my kind. Buta bargain is « bargain,
and I keep my word. | must not completely trust hit

course. Even if the beginni

reckless bunt for v

ale are tru, hi
al condi
open to manipulation by any of the
city's Cainites. The mo
holds well with what Th:
srrangem

1 to sus

what he has tok! me
en, however, We will
may with mortal traders

as quickly as they die, merchant families are more
stable than the undead in nights like these. The boat i
to be transferred to Capt
the craft with servicesand goods. Leannot be sure when,
F will return from the east, and it would do little good
for the garib co stay idle

BAGHDAD
13 October [195

We arrived in Baghdad in an antiquated eanvey
ance —a boat of wov ds from the AL-Hu
marsh. This was not due

Aba Raeid, who pays for

nostalgia on my part, hut rather a capitulation tc
strange circumstances. On leaving Basta to make our
way by boat up the Tigris River, which 1s relatively
8 lower course, we passed through the
homelands of the

Lake Al-Hacamar
1,000 years or han

trenched

sluggish al

ta'dan. The Ma'dan have populated
nid the surrounding, sw

ophet, they
mis citeof Marsh Ar ‘he Ma'

‘moxtern" riverboat — that is,

ks — would purus at risk of at

e made its home in th

spongy margins of the river. Kari suspec
was merely a ploy to ence us-to trade our craft in
for one of lesser quality, bat I detected the ring of ruth
and of fear in the natives!
made, and the

eared the dut
warned us

thar this

ids, So, the exchange was
ly wove astaall hucathwart
rence to my obvious stars. [ have

ifthe Madan crafty

irnew respect forthe det fi
men; the enclose, intended toreflect my wealth, also
proved lightproof, just as our boat remained watertight
for the duration of the trip. Sanjar reports that by
daylight we passed one wooden ship half-overtume
along st shallow riverhank, Planks and oars had been

UNDER THE CRESCENT

TPS

——— ws

ake}


scored and splintered by a creanire of great strength
ve clows, anal those parts noc submerged were
splattered with dried blood.

Nevertheless, it was strange to enter such a mod.
em advanced city as Baghdad in such a primitive way
Baghdad is a beauriful place, easily the equal of di
Cairo instae and splendor. The city issituated on b
the westertt and eastern banks of the Tigris, only 25
iniles from the Euphrates to the east. Smaller villages
crowed a
riverbank where the Dis
flow, like ardent su
weather this time of y
scorching heat of midsummer huts passed, leaving the
days merely hor ancl the nights briskly cool. Rain
not mar the summer skies — this is,of course,
nate for those who must till the soi, as they must also
take pains to irri

nd dawnstream and across on the opposite
River joins the southward
ors round a beautiful maiden, The

exceptionally pleasant; the

heir fields using

a. The city is full of ‘Abb
and its residences reflee
those residents whe

The city is not without blemish, of course, The
original structures of the ‘Abbasid capital, the Round
City (which the venerated caliph Al-Mansur would
have preferred be called Madinat as-Salam, the
cof Peace"), were hauily damaged hy royal siblings war
angowersuecession in the ninth century, The cit
suffered through the *eiv uf the Turkish tribes
brought in by the AL weinthe armies, and
the uprising of the native Persian Buyid dynasty —
which should have known how to care for such &
inthe 10th century. This is Baghdad as
worn, perhaps, burt still beautiful and
pron hat I write, the more {find that
I dread venturing out into the city tomorrow evening
te discover what the vietssinudes af 4 mortal
politics have done to it
14 October 1195
Alas, Ba

expect thi

wealth s0 near the

rou, The

idlad isnot the city remember. Ike
issing here
odd again reports have them
perth: the Black Sea.
nthem have let the
in. The
blood that is
the waters of the Tigris and Euphrates, is in such
dtisrepoir that crops have faited and food is searce. The
grand palace of Al-Mansur's heir is pone, so greatly
damaged in the confliets that it has simply been dis-

the changes at

behold. The Seljugs and their sultan are
as they were in Basra,
retreating northeast
The Perstans and the Turks betwe
western bank of the city fall into 1
irrigation system, the vessels for the

VEIL OF NIGHT.

mantled. Still,
reside

venamid sich disarray and despair, the
wha (still perhaps a quarter million in
number) make every attempt to preserve the beauty
their city. New construction in the city is certered on
the area between the al-Mu'azzam (
and ash-Shargi

we in the north
the south. A new palace is
under construction to house the‘ A bhasid waliphy and it
promisés to he the equal of the one now lost. Orber
spaces are being cleared for the construction of a
college of law and a new mosque. It heartens me to see
the city and its people +0 ad
recent years.

My mood was further lifted by a visit to an old
acquaintance. I cannot call Isha ba Khayrava friend!
he isso far beyond a yearsand learning that | would
n by pretending tos ‘us. [bn Khayrat
wasin lifea greatly esteemed physician, and in death is
a member of the Qubilatal-Mawr, the clan my readers

"appadocians. He continue wehis vastknow!-
nts, He resides in

ly resist the chaos of

demeanh

dj Hospital, where he provides guidance
ty the hospind's administrators and souif, and even
consults with the private doctors to the nobility
particularly intriguing disonders. Lum acquainted with
the esteemed doctor mainly through correspon.

his practice requires «reliable source of stran;

herbs and oils which are transformed by the physicians
hands into remarkable cures, Our traders, and many

>, supply then needs. My sire does not take a

ms, and in fact we often see a
s. We consider it ¢o be part of the charity all goo
Muslims must prov'

The hospiral is a ma
functioning isa uibuce co the piety of its founders. Airy
halls lead to courtyards planted with orchards and
embellished with fountains, where the patients may

wl of architos Ves

aud fresh aie, Baths with beth h
and cold waterare also available. Noexpense is spared
forthe care of the patients: They eat meat every day for
strength, imbibe rare medicines from the well-stocked
pharmacy and even cool summer fevers with tee. The
hospital's doctors ore present ro care for patients at all
hours, day and night. To ensure their competence, the

tors must pass examinations of their skill andl con
tinue their study by meansof the vast library within the
hospital's walls. They perform marvelous feats, even
‘cutting inro living tissue to repairey
All of this is provided to th
regardless of their ubility to pay fo
‘even the meanest waif is tured aw
docs

SOFEXCISE


years with awledge and cooperation of the
hospital administrators. Pleasantries were exchanged,
and the hospital's current and expected needs dis
cussed. He seemed mostly unconcerned that the ¢
teerered onthe bea ceptwheresuch matters
the delivery of needed supplies or increase the
‘numbers of supplicants in need of aid — the detai
the administration of empires hus never held n
interest for him. His greatest concern, and the mat
in which he wished my advice (to my geet surpiise),
vf lis traveling physicians. The ‘Abbasid
rulers have always seen the wisdom of maintaining the
health of the empire, To this end, they sent out groups
sloctors to outlying provinces to minister to the
people and report hack on their prasing needs. Hes
Xhayrarhas improved on thisschemes he learned men

he sends oucamong the people are also trained in the
arts of observation and have some knowledge of the

sccult. Nov only can these men report a threatening
plague or a

wasthe

sh of waterborne illnesses, they can
derermine the presence of a degenerte Ashirns, came
ding Lupine pack threatening
populace. | gladly shared whar information U could
‘on safe roures and possible threats. These men provide
1 service at tremendius tisk to their lives — if
all Ashirmy had such bravery!

the near-complete blackness | crossed the river
vthe al-Karkh bazaar district south of che ruined
‘ound City. Picking my way'slong streets strewn with
chris from the crumbling houses of the formerly rich,
reached an alley wi ne intact structure. By day, it
sa curio shop, thaugh the few reruining residents
here have little we for curionicy, By might, 1c is the
haunt of a stnnge Persian sorceress named Mania. 1
uve never before paid a visit to her shop, bur other of
ysite'schilderhad warnex! me of herunnerving ways

Even so forewarned, | was shaken by my visit.

Mania waired for my arrival, crouched directly

opposite the door like some bony €at. L had not been
she knew of my planned visit. Seton edge
by her posture and the acrid smells of some arcane
working af her, L quickly produced my list of ingredi
required by ourown unnerving sorcerers,
Mutterinyg irascibly at my careful seript, Mania harkedt
ordersand demands in the Persian tongue to, Lthought,
the air. After some confusion, I discerned that she
addressed the of small statues that
"se statues seemed 1 be of colorful glass blown
to clongated and geotesque approximations of h

aware

entsand

orders tou se

man form, none of them more than wo
Their poses looked uncomfortab
obscene, and bending loser t
darkness | noted something li
cased in the glass, As | straigh
discomfort, Mania sul

examine one in the
¢ swirling smoke en-
ned trying to mask my
cred a small creature
blue sliss to a pa
liarity with Persian d
invectives she used

ly scathing chivcrilye — my
not cover many of the

The bad-cempered woman then drew me to a back
room, plucking with her hene and horny fitysers at ray
sleeve, to fetch some particularly heavy hunvlle, This |
did. On returning to the front roxitn, all of dhe remain:
ing items on my list were gathered on the cou
wrapped neatly and bundled with twine, The
statues were frozen in poses — burt each had assun
new position and a new perch. The ill
construct that hund s0 seathingly addressee! was
in f pieces on the floor. Leounted ewe payn
gold with shaking hands. Other payment is 1
rendered nly wish that my
sire does not cap me to perform any soet
this woman. I fervently hope that it is oaly
Mania fs trapped within her figures of gliss

23 October 1195

"The end of our fortnight in Baghdad is pearing. [
have spent entire evenings attempting to find the
proper being to make introduc hey
to anger a ercatute of such power as to: claim this
substantial territory, The reputed sultan of Baghdad
hhas been present here since it grew from a military
encampn ron town. Ido not know this venerable
creature's name, bur all in Bagh
wishes to be tied Cali
eternal caliph dissppe
Seljuqretreat. This tstwe terribly u

such incredible aye might often slip inte the restful
arms of torpor for spans of tine, Whitt is uns
id's closest advisors left with the retrc

promised
WF sorvice for

ine shunt

onfing to more vicious rumor, were cut
by age-old enemies who bides! cen
nce at revenge. No ane knows where ro fi
caliph, whether in torpor orfled with the others. Yet
that role, lest the
en hirn.

one is willing to risk steppin
effrontery alone should

apresetve the ordetly runningofthecity'snightly

ity, the grandchilder and further removed! het of

the caliph's line have stepped to the fore andl assumed

tolesof supposed iuthority. [believe although Leannot

anceof the ek
young, readers


aged many centuries fy ober than I, and likely older
an most of you.) Whether through natural rilent or
collusion of these elders, the ealiph's reluc

urs are proving able administrator

‘eannot crust thar thissituarion will long last, however,
Ashitra here are currently on an emergency foot-
ing, bar once the elder mentors have bad time to grow
comfortable with the situation and firmly sink their

claws into their students, the intrigues will thicker as
they alwys do

My introductions were finally made to the newly
appointed mistress of the wharves, ind therefore of
trade, Munyi ibnat Muraz. She receives! them policel
if somewhat uncertuinly. Her task so far has consisted
of ensuring that no supernatural aid is provided to.
those who would smuggle goods past Baghdad's inspec

1s, thereby depriving the treasury

tors and tax collect

allies of funds. In such a position, she is
of N

reat from the wes

encouraging her to pity
merchants of
M make
f Faris in the
ally. another's v
ibnat Mutazdid nor take
my advice lightly. Ido not doubt that she will now
watch the passengers that arrive ar herdarkened wharves
as closely as. she warches their ¢

oF shaw
doubt the Serpents w
es ha comer trade on the Se.
but vigilance (espe
wasted. Mun

careful attention to any spic

[have heard thar the representatives of Bay't
Mushakis re tw descend ory Baghdad in five years for
theirdecennual gathering. can only hope the it
good handy by that time. Debate ameng a clan of

lots in a city without firm leadership would seem a
recipe fords, Bt wl from Baghdad then,

C ENTRAL ASIA

The remainder of my time in Baghdad, 1 deal
to preparations for the long trek east along th
Road, Lam filled with a sense of adventure tha

not felt for n years, not since the awe:
just after my Embrace. | have never 1
east than Baghulaad be
existence has be
Ubuiltin lif

Thave

‘nce completely 1
tions with which [ have been

details of the trip see

expen w to the heightened percep

ifted. The
Hlasphen

wundane

alee

VEIL, OF NIGHT

mortals. Perhaps S
do not have the attention for them,

SAMARKAND
(25 February 1196
write thissect

ely from a room iti Sammars

having met this evening with the city's aged a

Unlike ma ites hus

seems to ha

powerful sultan, Ka
that E have met, K:

9 C

jar can handle the preparations; {

nd,
nd

of

his vigor; he followed with interest and probing ques

tions the harrowing tile which 1 will relate below

noticed only minor idiosyncrasies: The sultan seemed
to feel that he must remain in his sandalwood-embel

lished chair despite obvious urges to stand and move

ound And since we do not feel tl

winter cold

enshrouded in hi
for another time, I suspect

Jn Lado the perils 1 recounted on the road fr
Nishapur, Su
cous estate in a wealthy quarter of Samarkand. [tis
‘beautiful city: Six main roadsconverge on the cent

wy robes and thick gloves, A pu

ily as mortals do, ir seemed stranue that he we

1an Karinvoffered me lodging it his sumptu-

from each gate n the thick, high wall. I hat wall encloses

‘more than a mile and a half across, with st

buildings — same of which date buck at least as

stot

as Alexander of Macedon. The city does not lack f
action of trade routes from,

wealth, lying asit does atthe
four Taugast andl the Lands of the Hindu to the sou

Wealthy merchants walk from trader to trader laden with

silver and gold, eve
On to the trip from Ba

er sundown,

pxlaxl: Kriowiryg full ws

that thistrip would take more than three months [eas

‘of two minds. | could will myself into a long slee
would reduce «| would have 1

pwns the

rel tin
hunt for blood in the
However, in such a toxpair fw
traveling companions should they «
and I would be extremely vulnerable
cend I decided to remain conscious and
along the road from Baghdad to Nishapur
the land yrew less fertile and the h
smaller, | enceted torpor for me
Nishapur to Samarkand

Myc

sh which wi

f the trips fr

gence fron) torpor was rather

ell

ld be unable to aid my

19 population

on the night after I awoke, just outside of Bukhara and

only a few day

Samarkand, my companions and

Fencountered a few strange vampires. They were riders

from the northern steppe and spoke the local cong
only haltingly. Though filthy with road dirt and b
bbariv in visage, these three were clearly of the ins
of they demanded my companions' blood

ee


pete eae ae the are, ae an

Ps Serene!

payment for our passage and for interrupting their

they wed the word kienhai, | believe:
Though our numbers were closely matched, | dial
not wish to fight these strangers. | was too hungry. and
the danger of lossof control this close to our de
tionw:

coogreat. [agreed togive them any information
y desired in-return for safe passage. They intent:
ved en

on the cities of Bukhara and Samarkand,

showing particular interest icresidentsof
these citie

ous with my di

ul the cities' deferwes. [attempted to be
ulgences, as] have no desire to be
= pagans and remarkably
ndcustomy Lean only assume
pea fine of Cait

city. My roadside "hosts" we
ignorant of Cainite lone
thar they ate some aban

After a few hours of this nerve-wracking question:
ing and a close examination of our Arabian horses
(which they dismissed as somehow rior to their
own scruffy ponies) they seemed satisfied and let is
pass: Theard their hoofbeats riding away, wo dhe north-
fterwand, Af
of the city, [followed th

ach Sultan Karim, and this tikes us

of the evening's tale. Dawn approache
has come to retire

28 Felmuaary 1196

This evening's encounter has proven t
not w commit wW priper. While shut
between the homes of two merchants
master's favor, Hearty enllded wit
talevofdisestet I wold haave psi i

pandeextended fangs he wore. L was unable to have a

it conversation with him, so overwhelmed washe

personal demons, but [gathered that his rarme was

aid if he was riot one of the dyinn-possessed scions

fof Bay't Majnoon, then he hud acquired his madness
through pains I shall never discern,

Alam sees the destruction of Samarkand all around
him, Skeleral men on horseback; I believe, plundering
as they goand huring everything their fingers touch,
They are only an advance guard, leading archers ten
feet tall who run with the wind's speed. and flying men
who carry rivers in their arms; Alun recoils from their

passing through the
eps Thad been given

the begin-
thetime

wer to curry my
madman si
freee but fr ahre

acksas though the
exist only in his mind.

Mose disturbing to me was /
hecalmed dawn enough to see my
on the he said, his waive deep
per Vou can hide

his emphasis
you. Make ready your affairs."

He left me soon after this, bur | hy
cest of my meetings for the evening. W

Guazni
9 May 1196
‘The journey from Si
J hazardous. After «

sautsideS;

"that reaches for

cel the
dul he see

ni has been
r encounter with the
narkand, | did noe dare
for an instant longer than
it took for the sun to cross the sky, We were t

peoples of the area — people often fiercely pagar in
practice even as they proclaim the faith of Islam. And
although we have triveled south, we have also quite

‘ough the Kabul Kuhestar moun

Kacif were miserable bur fared well enough thanks t
iy vitae flowing in their yeins. Oureatavin

ns. Sanyjar and

pds and
ih allsurvived
frozen extremities and one fracture
Berrer him than the stallion he led —the horse we
would have had ro put down
Once we reached the city of Kabul, the weather
improvedandourpath followed mere temperatealtitnkes.
Kabul isa burgeoning city, bur x parasitic one, It produces
little of note but thriveson taxes leeched ftom merchants:
such as myself who must use the passes to the north, ve
and east fo transpeit psx through th
exkers, | recognize the humor in accusing others of
parasitism. f doubt that those [fed from in K:
touch amusement in the comparison.)
The city of Gh is the new hotne of the Gurid
ire. Twodecades ayo it belongedto the Ghucnayid
ship of the
nanid Turks, then turned on its henefactors
oof their territe The
wvicls first carmed the enmity of the Gurid tribes-
theearly Lith cenrury by murderinganestecn
chieftain azni's walls — by poison, no less
sacked the eity

wuntains, (Yes,

val found

uta
later to reclaim their prize with the
satlying Seljug influence. Gurid pe


rich Indian Lands once controlled byy their

enenie vbundant with gold easily taken from

homeland! of
terror of the
hore brought

the hopesthat
a its womb, They de not tack «
te pays they retum from theie south ward
tmuch gold as they ean carry, and with slaw
in battle to carry yet mone gold. H have been in
ani for one evening only, and yet 1 have already

quired copitts quantities of both commodities. | may
well need the slaves to carry us back st resist the

urge to sell the very horses out fron

have aceepred in trade is
1 wroughe from gold a0
intaid with f
nearly four hands high, it
not be able to easily litt it
nue, os mouth fall of sharp
teeth and ite m ms waving mart

1 its headl. Heannot tell i it is

yellow rubie
must be hollow

implements

male or a female, as it seems to

and why th
tinually pulle

the st ithas
this night's entry while my
awn to the statue and

iteven in
took a tno er the thin

heside it

We will nor spe
have 10, asp
Then, we ret
long the Silk Ri re not strictly the instruc
tions of my sire, but neither of us could know that |
TL come into such a forrune in the wilds of these
3. This wealth wonuhl sin

y be whittled
med west. Far better that 1

condsto mysire hy unothermeans,
further east m expand upon
The marin ast know the

atu ut good
y tomy

js with

c rarities
yself to.

VEIL OF NIGHT

I. edease thie worritinns say ees
the trouble to, (<a so vnach of Ike
bio not inte' for ba I
jporeysns
VM reonave bo be Bietvibastee ond vend
J was wvonh leo f ‘vor snyy dartkssht

wed, eb Wel
ae ae Te fhe le

sched Yor > from

ame nae a widen, J sae
ony pane he pees

1 sent pe ee ook by

S ces etheratt,
Fie wearers of emt

ny Hoop! —— gout
Ee Lag tw Bevel Hes oh
ay a evidence of (thse evi |
‘ dD peo frayed thorsanrs of of ves
ects. (All that verensing?
was» bundle eather-borr> vecor?s,
anchoring, this journal, "Tgppen by ow of |
Iis lowe Aer ove |p' too vst |
iis os

|
My chibe was resting —
i flaw. chaps, for ome sho

sway trots Ne seght ~

an the smarter of oH Goan aware
LF Ipant spot. Vyrne conmot rai]

/
yours A

Gynt corte Prony
ore ye or 1 Natruction, regard

of oe wo Cant dandy por > val

sayy orven sans wl


RS

the characters Abu Fahim
ator of the pre

ny are som

Mey actor
y wish to limi to the

. which reveal several secrets of

AL-AMIN CSALUBRD

Rawat, ReeaGer or Anen

on, childe of an unknown site

Apparent Age: late teens
The vampire known to few as Babjat is on the

fore the Em-
nted him her

mory. Nos long after
. Bubjar's sine was de
0 flee. Now, all that he

curse that had
is Embrace

red and he was force

n clearly femerber is th sof his own

Kind hate him and wish toend hisstrange existence

Hehasnever met another Cainite bearing th
third eye.

Bahjat has fled
celatively quieteity

sully. Aden i

nly our of the way
is pre

th he expects from Aden'sothernighth

He tries to scray ull aieaniny

what little

predators
from his
kindness

istence by per ne
¢ can without blowing his cover;
lingly polite
least other Carnit

s features indicate he &
gotten his heritage al

which is how si
hides the third ey

His ghutrah headdress
his forchead

Banu Haqim CASsAMITE)
WM Karen

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Innovate'

The man known
life a midd

Fahim Kateb was in

son of a moderately wealthy Arabian

trading family, Hiy educa ypical for families
improve th
passed a strong measure of religion as wel

mathemaries and science

a gassuble staden
we talents revealed ‘es when he
king with merchants and traders

his family, His ability to remain serene
oun age. Thar si

fer had worn out

ed in high-pressure ns
of his sire-to-be a

however, waited until the young

many pairs of shoes with the miles he had traveled
belore Embracing him into the vizier Moodline

Abu Fah

with the uncanny senses

kill as 9 trader h

anted by h
the decades of practice unaval
counterparts: His
with his wo

nly improved
blood

hle ro his morral
+ flaw can som
however; he finds ieuln
to tum down a "good d

ist img
ven if the item:
something he has ne fo

Abu Fahit

brice, retumi

's visage has darke nce his Em

g his skin toa sh st mortals

UNDER THE CRESCENT


consider "non
of, He prefe

al" —a fact he takes grear advantage
to wear the traditional Arabian head-
4¢ robes: while
ar, his haie is quite
shaven, emphas
le in cities, he adds eo
and embellished garments, and a carefully calew:

d simple de

lated amount of jewelr

stanuy and wealth

ENaM BINT Ayu AL-DimsHag
th generation vizier, childe of
Nature:

create the impression of

ibn Mehtar
Penitent

Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: | 148 (

Apparent Ages late teen:

Enam al-Dimshag has only recently arrived in
Cordoba, but her posit an outsider, a woman
neration (in sum, not a
to cobble together an infor

Jerstandin

Jan Ashirra of high
reat) has enabled
ation hase and anu
policical situation thar is far more mature thar
wine touch of na
lings with other Cai
ly dedicated to a peac

jouseonflict

worldview and her de:
however. She is since:

VEU. OF NIGHT

for the children af Seth and Caine, in spire of all
indications that the coming wa
lial relations with 3

push a Christ
elders, then through the
Lronically, she is perhaps better liked
whom mistrust her inclusive ways
She maintains her haven and her ¢
Ith through a husband who h

childer o gra

ortable
Honly on

of linen and silk
length veil. Her indoor clothing — re
led to- visitors to het hi ¢
persuasion c
hertw hea be
delicately up

Hinen a> Me

n who may need

SAAR), SULTAN OF CORDOBA
ion warrior, childe of Pelagon
Defender

Apparent Age: late 30s


Only other members of his wartior bloodline
have seen al-Masanrt regularly in the past century.
ose who have caught a blurred glimpse of him as
he puts his students through their paces report thar

skin has darkened to a mahogany shade th

ems to absorh moonlight, and that his b
tare bald

sidents of Cordoba ouside the circle of
know some small amount of personal

and rose to walk a n before the
hirth of the Prophet. None know the circum:
stances of hi athe is beli
mite con

conversion,

sme Warrior but not m
ician. The rapid pace with which each a
dynasty has risen and fallen in Contoba in recent
Yearsis almost literally beyond his: comp
h his few rivals for power in the city
slly flouting his authority at the
the sultan is more than willing to take violent action,
the city's Cainite population if ir proves to
be necessary

oF SAMARKAND
Sth Generation vizier, childe of Tam
Nature: Penitent

Apparent Age: late 30
Karim, Sultan of Samarkand, hast

deposed the city's first sultan, an ancient named

Nidal, 600 years af

brace, Karim retains a grudge

conjurers stemming, hack tc

death

tantly colerates the sorce

he returns to Alamut,

co work their m

cumors of

nuries ago, Some

8 of his own
nd he

not permit them

only
thar he would show
in the gold
ampires renuin gener
challenge his authority
wisardry ha
e- Only a few years ag
re of Banu Hagia w

sed him


with his dying breath, cursed

uch, a curse w

feel the bu
damage it

his flesh. He

Myrsus 1ny SHARBEL,
Tunisia

DERVISH OF

Nature: Survivor

cerer, childe of Sharbel

The soeerers of Al-Qayrawan ar
When Myrsus was forced 1
riven out

cd with them
the youngest of the s«
of the most
ders, Myrsus has been given the dangerous task
f meeting with rire visitors and arranging for the

vampires few physical needs to he met. Understandably

VEL OF NIG

combines these duties with a search for new
the sooner he can fill the

ner he can devore

of a mystic ben!

he now holds,

himself ro his ecstatic meditation.
Myrstis is

bes and veils hi

Hy tall, so chat his light t
ngely on his figure. Hi.

J tightly ina) turban,
h rituals it may fly loose in

jot, black hair and pale white skin

Bay't MAINQGON
CMALKAVIAN)

ALAM, Proprer oF SAMARKAND

Lon
109] CE

visions granced by thedjinn
ming hontes of Hell
destroy. the A |
sa broad and dee
m are delusions: While

od, Hee sees th
rsp
noted in the main te I
lashes af insight oF vi
the most part he is wrap


Every six or seven days, however, Alam regains
his senses. Usually this is when his vampiric hunger
has gotten a bit of insistence und edge to it. Alam is
id swift hunter: His awareness of the
nd 9 of fear and madness that drive hu
activities at night pulls
he rarely hothers to spare a life.
Alam's head is bok. Heisof indeterminate age; the
lines around his eyes and mouth are the products of
is even are sunken and
ewhar hollow, but they burn with an inner light.

Agarz Lanarpe, MapMan oF
Marraxisi,
10ch
Nature: Monstec
Demeanor: Rebel
Embrace: 1134 CE

1m to likely prey, and,

cheration, childe of an unknawn sire

Aratz Laborde is at sure how fs
Marrakish, One momenr, he was a y rephert
his flock in the fields of his therian home
himself 9. bloed-crazed
J, haunting the village he J home
Later still, the invaders came and enslaved his vile

lage: by J in the dreadtul fray — these were his

people, not for anyone else!
he finds himself in this du
accompanied by very few of his own people, sur
rounded by 5 ‘of the invande

Labarde is entirely: unuss he company of
other Cainites, With prompting, he may £

now, finally
world of ted

Traditions of Caine, which indicates thar he bas,
some point in the past, been tutored by it si
mation with Methuselutis

ntor. His preaced
Wso points to) some passin:

Cainite history. He has not met any

other Cainites in' Marrakish; he has
nor is he particularly approachuble

His nuxdness surrounds him like a halo, and his
nervous habit of sce 2 the wind for the airborne
+s him an animalistic quality

Bay'? Marri CRAvNos)

Hagvinner acCanisay, Stave TRADER
10th generation, childe of Thakkur

Apparent Age!
Harvinder al-Ca
nt — not bee

dealing in human cha

ly 3
reluctant slave mer
© he feels any qualms

el, but simply because be


und settled in Son'a' several decades
trarily chose his trading specialty, deciding
Jant partsor

ving such fortune
ehafe just as ba

chants
his interests

with. In the meantime, it could take very

send him haring off,

acholy day, ora tale of

in some far-off elty.

weary folkyong sungon
undis

ay Isa distinguished-looking mat with
piercings eyes. He bas caken on the desert dress and

uslim customs of his adopted city for comfort, and
re those put off by his foreign features,

Bay'r Masuakis (Brayai

GERUSHAL BINT YOAV, SULTAN OF
SEVILLA

Demeanor: Jusge
Embrace: 854 CE
Apparent Age: early 30

VEIL OF NIGHT

Gerushoh, who was a da
mother within Sevilla's Jewish c
not know why she was chosen for the Embrace.
(Her sire, in typical Mushakis fashion, answered
thar question with a question of his own.) She
quickly rose in prominence among the Cainites of
Sevilla on the basis of her quietly assured compe

nce. The fin:
after her conversion to [slam
», iC is unlikely that
city would have supported her.

Gerushah did not coavere for politic
however. Although Sevilla's. Jewish
thrived tliveand dead, she felt as eh
truly belong within itand envied the #
nity of Ashirra, For a short time, amid the accolades
of her new associates and her claiming of the sultans

power, Gerushah felt as though she truly belonged:
Now, however

tery wife, and
munity, does

step to the sultanate was taken
without that

conv  Ashirra of the

munity
shedid not
al com

whispering rnmoty spread, she realizes that she no
more belongs with the Ashirra than with her old
mbeting the upheaval

nd knowing the Musli
intolerance for apostasy, Gerushah cannot disavow
d so simply chooses to exist init less than
devour state
In public, Gerwshith dons # short cip und veil
and outer wraps of silk. Her figure is marronly, bur

her hair is almost girlish with its unruly curls

Usama isn Jagar, Sarran oF Fez
Teh generation, childe of Jabar
Nat ‘anvat\e
Demeanor: Loner
Embrace: 705 CE
Apparent Age: Jate 50s
Fee's sultan came to the city at its founding. He

was a young Cuinite then, bur alres

place
great events happening as the word of the Prophet
spread throughout the known world. As other vam.

Pires wandered into his pristine city, Ibn Jabar

discovered that in order to maintain the se

solitude he desired, he ws have te
traditional powers of the city's sultan,

It is hard ro. MCTANT Mon:
arch, Ibn Jabar's wish to deal as little us possible
with other C:
of which he has precisely am:
"a mistake." He is assisted in ordetin;

ly in search of a

#f studious quiet from which ro chronicle the

enityand
assume the

sextends to his own childer
he haster

a panoply of ansar instead, several of whom are

more than a century old, and all uf whom are


n erudite conversatioy
umentat

pable of carrying «
with their master. The precise d
kept by his ansar, combined with the very
threat of rousing Lbn Jala per, has kept the

in good enough order for its entire existence.
Bur that order has yet to face a real threat

Ibp Jabar makes his haven within the university.
In his simple scholar's robes and omnipresent fez,
would than another inst
distance. Up close, however, the
ettling fire in his eyes and traces of blood in his

are clearly visible

Bay't Marasuarip

CNosreratud

Nan t6x Rat, IMMorvat Cpa
childe of Raid

ak Like nothin:
tor from a sa

896 CE
‘Age: carly 40s
Nahd ibn Raid had lived 9 full life wher he
ilin his fourch decade, He had earned the

had many children by
all, De

spect of his communi

several wives, and provided well for the

spite all of hi
wasnorconvinced thathe had accounted well enough
for his soul. So, on his deathbed, he ¢ried out for
another chance to prove himself, His sire answered
thar call

Tn Raid is nox suite that he's

struck agood
in. He has more t

improvement, but the
ay than ever, moved
sion of the fist or of prayer, and every
his hands, Ibn Raid pileshi

nd tradition up ar

ing away his ser

ne, yes, for study, charity and

like a bulwark, er
than he could command in ur
not ane of
s that his own
| will only be

sid Looks almost normal, th
0 bit twisted and his fice some
nl Hishodly beneath his cloching
with open, weepingsores — exaggerations of the illness
that neatly killed him. He changes his cloth
larly, but it is still his odoe and not his form th
away his bay't to observers


Sasi, Leper OF ALEPPO
enemtion, childe of Shuratarn
Natures Jester (Fanatic)
Demeanor: Caretak
Emb: 1155 CE
Apparent A\

Samsi is the most ing of a large brood of
Muratuariciin nesting
She, and the

Jer Aleppo's citadel mount:
other childer of her sire, were all n
Aleppo, and all have bee

nbraced in rece
ancient Assyrian
size tes replace thi

Samst and the

manners of dres 1;
Jone without complar
H vy four thy

suage, Th
lease their sire, by
Inspiteof her full knowledy
ith his historical roots, bi
with che rest of the brood seems
her — after all, she h:
and the

felt the same irresist
he Muslin

the right path for her. (The Fanatic Nati

ref ‘ent, perhaps

rikahly Mi

ame sure knowledge thin
pnutural ch rt.)

normously swelled, hiding her eyes ame

VEIL OF NIGHT

arid, when not em.

P T body are

folds of skin while rating the rest of her features

to disgusting propwit

LAIBON
Japitty Abvisor to THe SaLran

Autocrat
et unknown

ent Age: lite 30s

Cairo,

most Laibon. Jubal has been by Sultan

2¢ he took power in Cairo, though not

bvarys a
ve winnowerl themselves
rward 10 assum
bility, He has tule this
en on Afrie

seems «0 foreinn. Wer

ve domain over a kange territory
ested Jub:
and
suleuny by

scent events hi

Walid Set-were not ¢
matters worse by pulling
finds his

ck from hisadvis
He suspects the

udview solicited less oft

ignored even when request
Setite influen

> control their

and is seek
wing power, Fi


m his own bay't. The
> travel south of the

Janmates as nothing

challenge Laibon dom:

mpletely bint
s teeth are all
strangely intimid

QaABILAT
(LASOMBRA)

Bape, Saran or GraNnana

eration, childe of Marcos
Dem
Embr:

Apparent Age: j

Autocrat
809 CE

The martially inclined sultan of Granada hides
iL all her care
in Andalus

vious power and tal

While of he
are certainly more accepted among the
heir mortal counterparts

female

that many of the stalwart fighters whe

accept her commands with
her commander ar begin t
jon or challenge Jers, were they
sender. Th not ae
f all che nighttime

repared to withstand the

pprable; Bad
hat she general

f hee faith

without

herself to be se

This serves a doubl
sure an aure of size and migh

hiding her

Manna, Sorcerr

eneration, child

or Bacupap
f Pharnalse
are: Royur
or: Monster
CE
Apparent Age: late 7
pe way Embrac
Sassanian Persians, and sh
is and Euphe

{whom there are ne

sively in the tween the Tigr

rivers ever since (her enemies,


small number, whisper that she is physically unable
ts cross the flowing waters), Despite her sedentary
habits, Mania's reach és long; she was an aged and
capable witch while she drew breath, and the addi-
tion of vitue to her arsenal of elixits and charms only
strengthened her power over the spirit world, Her
spirit minions range far and wide, bringing back
small trinkets or vital ingredients, leaving murder
and mayhem in their wake. T
Manta anust deal with more mundane details like
gold and fretult

Mania has dabbled in the infernal, but herdeeply
ingrained Zoroastrian upbring
her from all but the m
however, her native t
ground and nv

driven under:

import to her
ation between the
ns fall with,

rer into de

longer provides
dwindling conscience. Asthe si
nds herself drawn de

doom, Mania
monie practices

Mania is gnarled and bent, with wisps of
white hair crowning her head. Her neck and |
are covered with red growths both small and large,
and her fingers have hardened into hony claws.
SGLEIMAN IBN Abppaian, Mauian or
THE ASHIRRA

7th generation, childe of Abdullah

Nature: Architect
Director

Embrace: 299 CE

Apparent Age: mid-40s

The founder of the Ashirns sect, Suleiman ibn
Abslullal rarely spe

Demeanor:

sof the evening when hecame
tw Madina hoping to make a the supposed
prophet, Mubimmad. He can only say that he saw

vation in that man. He sulunicted to Allah and
new course. Some of the Ashi
Suleiman was redeemed in that momes
mullah denies this. The Prophi
possibility of righteousness; th
God's hands.

4s set on claim
«but the
showed him the
final judgment is in
Suleiman came to Cairo in the Fatimid ps andl
has watched great Muslim dynasties rise there. He had
hoped that with Salah al-Din's liberation of Jerusalem
and th failure of the Europeans' Thinl
Croade, a new peried of unity and expansion was
possible for the Islamic peoples. T
surrounding the succession of S:

VE OF NIGHT

some serious doubts, bur he has &
teousness will ultimately prevail

nfidence that righ:

re concerned with the ite of the

than mortal dynasties, he

Suleiman isn
Ashi ever. The split
between his more conservative faction and the radi

als lead by che Mushakis Khalid ihn Sahl weighs
heavily onhissoul. Hehopes fora reconciliation and
ther as much sup
«stable city of Islam, His presence

de has hee

is working ort ts he can in

C lary
last dec of great concern to
Hronitis, however. Antonius tearsthemullah

{s eclipsing him. Meanwhile, the Wal

happy to see che Muslims fight among themselves,

QaiLiT AL-Mawr
(CappapociaNn)

IsHag iN KiayRat
9th genera hikle
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Caretaker
Embrace: 946 CE
Apparent Age: late 40%

Ishaq ibn Khayeat

before

Set watels,

fKhayrar

asa physician in Baghdad
uandinyg of the great hospitals, Even with


the

RAy'EEN AL;FEN
(ToreApor)

AlGHAR AKHG QuzMaN, Por

Khayrat, happened upon him during hisst

thn Khayrat
Bad
swith tighy
ts. A pris


verweight; his hair is patchy, an it ion closely. She has a deep regard for
ters improve his tion. He wears vests : irshort time togeth
tics cut lon, mpt ro disguise his stature Sh sy him for any pri

and is never without a colorful cap to cover hish 3
sbeebs ' T sik, SULTAN OF ALDEN
Sakan, Orrin or Sana' a childe of At

h genenition, et Abd al-Hagg

Hal-Hagg

Embrave: |
Apparent A\

aie himself. Until Abd al-Haga's s self-imposed

to San‘a' to reaffirm his lovaltyand tenew
J oath w hissire. Ihn Yasir hasno specific disputes
with his sire and is in fact pleased chat he was ¢
over Abdal-Haga'sother childer to administrate Aden
but centuries of servitude can only chafe
Freed from the compulsions of che Méod oath, Thn
ne into his own. He is nor merely ar
extraordinarily capable
itingon the importance of hiseity
articular the harkor; withour the pull

© pressed into a lovele

meient Abd al: Haqq snatched her up
at his las ushaven, The

Uhet with ver
and for him, there h
n left linely tm her own devices, but luckily a
Jaughter isnor without resourcesof her own,
harmed a rudin \shitra education out
cers and elder tiny debts, crue, but also
g allies with her beauty and gentle manner
kan knows th

VEIL OF NIGHT


Ader

bur by the sam
ln Yasir
full activ

vuthe

by the time his sire returns
be able to politely force #
ceusitions that he has had some part in Abgtal- Hagq's
Jisappearance

ke most Ashi

in the urea, Ibn Yasir wears

es that protect from the desert

sare heavy, and
fx human liferime

tre face Ise

Soproniga, Sucran oF Tunis
6th generation, childe of a f
Nature: Tyrant

Phoenician culrure wlong the Meditertanean, He
the rich dyes tha

prec
1 seotet i

production.
He found surprising
entire family —with their ce

ogant site and took his blood. While she has forgo

nicians their

der
overcame her

re fitted to her stutue
ble torheeye and touch,

heiuty riva

Mediterr:

s thatt of any

iba still remembe

eating the fine fu

mo. Her limbs are lik
nisflawless, and he

home of Tunis was destroyed as

oughly as fabled Carthage
the people und vampire
tenacity and skill. She fe
dirainished by the unnend
Carthage. The only thi

quickly than

R of the Warp

VENTRUE

eration, child

ly, that th
and cry of the fat
aise her ire 0

arthage are th
Fortunately, the
avel as infrequenth


th Juni
iedoba, Junius the Rom
led the cit BCE. He
pited fighter, a great respect
squality that
tion" into the ranks of

menand—it was

g alter the
ity was pacified, Jur wn inte hisarist
fc over the centuri
ish ze armor he keeps from ky
uld believe that he

nce in the front line
soldier's cut

rend in Latin and Arabic
law and traditia uite

ra. Thish

iblyunmarched

an (asthough hisgreat age nnd distin enema

perhop
lL

inal effort and prestige in I f
kelybe

atus yanked from heneat

NapiM RN Nari,
PROFESSION/L GO-BETWHEN
childe of Nuri
Nature: Survivor

ite vexed tofind his

Demeanort Innc
B

VEIL OF NIGHT

Nadim ibn Nuri i our to
bstacles

The-elders ha

make a.name for hi arter whi
his elders may throw in his way
‘ven him the unrewarding task of coordinatir
and tu
enemic
perch: grates ar
Nadim has fo ‘ays To turn
ition tw hi

further
ges however. He

rmation in pr
from tothe
Qabilat at
providing serv pve and beyond the call of his
"office y, tk
played, amount to boon:

Then he will

course, it's just as possible that Nadim was
lowly
ders k

given h sition nor as punishment, but

heeause hi w what he could make
Nadim

ing thar many reg

errand boy. Hischeeks

h, and his eyes

re than a glorifie
Jed like ach

ven in de: are innocent and wide
He reinforces this impression by

Wanu'SHEEN (GANGREL)
AL-Wau, Brast or Connon

neration, childe of Qdoin

Embrace: 672 €
Apparent Ax
Al-Walt's horrible scarring and deformity is not
tof the Mutasharid curse but of near-fi
d during the Muslim sacking
he Visivoth Wah'Sheen, driven by
on the Ba dagim
waders and ensured. the
and tribes

indeterminate

need for rever
w companied the
Jestruction of its friend spent cents

Whenit

Arabic Mutasl
useful tidbits
tion, real ot fob
away at the foundations


ed, and

WALID §
(FoLtLow

Bex THE Spice Mercuan

ellenic period, He too was Embraced as the
med themselves after the Cru
rat), the H

dER THE CRESC


i f f tly know
BiLaaL tHe Ga *

Nature: Fanatic OTHERS

AL" Maret, ABanponen éLNsA




FYormmp

CObode his Gour or two and wernt WY
his voarn.

—Che Kubin tof On tar Rbhowyyarn


AA

(Savarry)

Indistanthistory, lor
Latrous Baal es
t. Theit power ir

pefore thedaysof the Prophev,
the deserts and hills of the
strongand other vampires were
var the hands of these
Jemon-worshipers the revered founder of Bay't
al-Amin, decided that enough was enough, and sent his
AL Amin warrions, hong

Known as dangerous devil slayers, lec « virtual army of
Cainites, including members of raasy other clans. The
healers of the hay', long the warriors companions, ang

forced ta flee or fice coms

pdkept intetclan rivaliies fiom
b was done. After wed
cost the unkives of many, the abAmin
The Bali were soundly beaten, andl the
of de vamparie army scattered once me

The rook the beunt of the casualties, bot
those who survived, stayed. They knew the Baali woul
{air in their most hidden nests, lick their wounds and re
emerge whenthey — wereleastexpectedl, The bay'

ari apart before its
sign tha

it upon itself to
wait that dar
night. Members
ofthe clan estab:
lished
Noxth Africa to the

very fringesof Asia and

kept careful watch on the vampiric und moreal mulers of
thetr chovert_ protectorate
selvesasmembersof otherclansas best theycouldtoavoid
n erserty up a Asa
nication berween members of the bay't
became teriucais as best. They concentrated tox
pites whose behay
madmen of Bay't M,

Many also disguised them

<canng off st in a rege

result, ¢

worship: the
Walld Set

‘showed signs of dene
sonal thei
were particularly serutinized

ey the best way no see comuption in others is
with them. So, the al-Anin often pose as
her clansand become active prirticipetsin
the umnlife of their cities. They befriend iy many other
first signs of diabalic

The lint century has been very dificult for the al
Amin. They have been so focused on watching for Baali
influence that other evils have laid them low. Most al
Amin felt their blood run fie-hyt five ago, and
they knew great evil had been perpetuted. These gifted

VEIL. OF NIGHT

with especial insight fete their progenitor Saulor die
sorcerer Tremere consumes his heart's blow thE
the Usurpers have hunted the test of the Salubi line «
Virtual extinction, and the same fare is coming to Islamic
lands, Most other clans are all too willing tosee the prideful
devil-hunters bear the brunt of their own inquisitorial
methoxs, Theal-Amin have had little choice bartogoos
deeper into hiding and avait the arrival ofthe Tremere
The Banu Hagin, the clan's surest allie
slubri east to the relative sa
Levant: Local al-Amin sometimes conract these refugees
and offer them asisuince. Others in the chin, however
fear this i all some sort of ruse to make them show
themselves. This would be the most damaging time tie the
Bali to reemenge.
are twodistinet castes ofal-Amin who work
together extensively: the war
riorsand.the healers.
The warriors
fight demon
worshipping
vampires

€

wherever
they find
themandalsa
function. as in
»» vestigators, seekiny
signs of Baal-inspited debauchery or merval instability
They are accomplished masters in assuming the roles of
otherclansihen thenestarises. Asarenilt, theyhavealso
lead the hey't efforts to go unde:
selver dificult targets when the new migic-wickling
(Usurpers arrive in the region
The healers use the powersoftheirblool wo repair the
forms ct those who have suffered in bare, They also, as
subrly-as possible, spectalie in bolstering other vampires
anal mortal nulere against the blandishient of the
Among youngee vampires, the Islamic ith his proved t
the ae useful tool. Very few of the bay's, mast of whom
predate lalum are sincere believers, but they are prepored
topretend tw have faith in order toenicourayge tin others
Sobriquet: Devil slayers
Appearance: AlAmin cam hail fiw atiy of the
peoples thie Middle East. The most distinctive feature of
that opensin ther forchead when
the thin! level of the Valeren Discipline. While
xl most of the time, its still quite noticeahl

theyre:
itisele


many uses of Valeren
choose to wear some
theic thind eye
Haven and Prey: The al-Amin preter to live
ning huis, dive simp)
‘A few, while rarely adopting wl
selves, Chocise to live ame

se it to open, Mose ol-Amin
m of headdress of veil to conceal

muses within
1s beliefs
ne havensthete
Many al-Amin aye out people, and a
foweven tn
from the petty, cru
‘The Embra
cause new childer make
workd. To break this 1a
exceptional candidate or be in dire need of further
the Bauli, They
nse ot
g, good self-control and si
n. People with rel
mes chosen, but on

brace only rarely he
abwstile

le with asteon

‘The Ashirras A good Influence on the other

Isfintisit werthy religion thyctenches disei-
restraineand.uvimuous if. Tose othersof
our kind adopt ie gives me hope,

‘The Fran: | fear thar ourvigil here has been
for naughr, Prom the tales we hear, the Baal have:
| steady risen' Europe. Howlongbeforetheytam
their feet towards our cities? We must be ready.
Bali: Occasionally, they poke theirheads ut
| from tlic rocks under which they hides Weeut off
thse head Re aaa why, westicceed while
those in Europe have tailed.
"Banu Hagim: Que allies would appear. |
They iced the Baal with usence before. and now
they aid asin ouerimeotneed:Ifonly tcould learn
sw accept their vicious attinude to other bas't.
Bay't Majnoon: Mad ones whypbelieve they |
aarelualfleyil: We have faced devilsandknow they
are deluded, Trent them with compassion, and
ook for signs of posible'
Bay'tMutasharid: Thoy

fall > Hajj,
example olithe benefit of the A¥

elon intheir

moderut
fi
Acntal Attributes are
hough some warriors focus
realy themselves
the upecmaitys str
nly follow the Tarig el-Umna (R
Community), Tarigel-Hach (2
or Tatig el-Sama' (R
_Genen
ave
high
Amin have a ke
representing the uncient a
one another
Clan Disciplines: 4

{ Amin cannot refuse 10 aid someone

t If ahe does, the
BAA player loses two dice from all her dice
insonieway. Abeler
nin's role is « mend the body
ann! spirit, tt (0 sho hater. I

she injuresamorher,

dice from all her dice pou for the

Bali or

seed
leaves mes
Language:
sideof re

foraid, otheral-Antin
a

WAYS OF THE BLOOD.


Baa

The Baali know the rut
The universe istioc the p

as the scions of Ci

thing of ereaturesso petty
ne. Neither is it some holy garden
‘established by an all-knowiry and benevolent God. Hu
s likeCainites,arehutpestsand pawnson a battlefield
comprehension. The universe fs in
lash between opposing forces, which it isconventent t0
light. Everything: part of that
Ici ly measured in whetheronecan
in the struggle. Petty power plays by
dormant Antediluvians are insignificant when: wed
light and dark. The Baali know thisand
1 the dark
Baay't Baaliarose from theashes
the fist tribe of humans toever y
tivemenaboknew the truth
andl paid homage toche dark
in the form of its Chil
dren, These
things, the

whese scope diva

tothe stnigy

a fire. These pimni-

seions of
blackness it
self, had

powerand wenctruesokiie
1, the Children carne

the great struggle. Atsome
re be known as the Londs — or
Ba'al in the language of the time—and their mest devout
servitors took the name Baal Just how these dark priests
came to be Cainitey is a great mystery, but it see
ancient or another toyed with the Ba al in his hubris and
spawned the bay'tunwittingly. Reeandless, these vampires

armed with knowledge of the Children and their true

things — became a threat to other

place in the onder
Cainites and were hunted by chem.
Cainites tw oppove the most powerful of al the Baal. In
Creteand the ancienteity of Chorazin, these devib-slayers
bumed and punged the Baali, whom they
shai or evils, Under the kanner of se

ity. the Cuinites called the Baali infernal s

them to dust

The Baali who survived the pu
the value of subtly and went deep undergrox
fro their enemies

This strategy has Largely worked, hur it hascome at.a
‘cont. The Baall hive split into a variety of broods, each
ving the Children or the keal of the dri in their own
erve theswarmsof insects associated with the

as demons or

nx] udvancing theiragendasin secret,

Chik

VEIL OF NIGHT

ancient gous,
other ¢

il ochers have become ay self-serving as
ites and seek only to glorify themselves

The rise of Islam hase troubled the buy' A uni
religion dedicated — at least in the
and rectimide ultimately serves the
dark. More worrying still, thisfaith
Boal hormetang! and drawn innanyC sh
submisston to Allah —although often somewhat fleeting
— isa worrying recognition of the greater forces at work
in the world. The Banu: Hagim
hecause they have mes

especially t
stam. with 9 warri's
pursue enemies such as the Baal. In the early days of the
faith, newly converted Banu Hagim destroyed many Baali
‘organ pitsiand th ge. Elders of the bay't
met in Damascusto put astoprothisand mang
the Banu Hacim with u blood hunger that isstll sp
through the line, distracting them from huntingthe Bosal
‘Now, temporal politiesand egosare eroding
atthe Ashirr's
The al-Amin
andthe Bana
Hagin re cursed. Bar
whenever Bauli_ move
openly, enemies spring £0 a
tuck them, And so the slow moves
of comuption and seduction continue, with the Shattan
slowly eroding the forces of light and hoping to strike a
blow for the dark once and far al
Sobriquet: Shuitan
Appearance: The Banli can be of any eace ancl often
endeavorto look asondinaryaspossible. They dresson the
stylish side of typical. Elder Baali often hear the seurs of

satened

va ted to honor (and appease) the Chil
the swarm or other dack avatars,

Note: Baall are intencied for use as Storyteller
characters, not as characters for players. Their
cer vonflict andserviande to he dark
monsters among monsters who rarely
work well with other Cainites, If you really, ceally
ant toplay oneand your Storyteller isoperito the
idea, there isenough information here te allow you
tw do so, but think very carefully about your rea
| sons. Will ir really make for an enjoyable and
fulfilling roleplaying experience? How will other
metnbers of the troupe react to you paying such a
acter! Most likely they won't like it

that in mind.

belie
makes th


~ Haven and Prey mpt to
worship of theirpatron demons hy creating cults ct mortals
con whom they feed. In many places in che Middle East the
temple ads ic abandoned, asthe progressive
waves of Jews, Christians a Masimns passed throath.
These inake fine
w stip for hele flowers:
‘The Embrace: The
strong. Prideful manip
xl candidates because they often wish
serve themselves more th hers. The best
Baali candidates are mortals who have
nyse at the greater conflict and moved
toward the darkness — such as th
hay ‘vith the wecult, who mi
tained faith i older gous in he face of
awerescholarseckir
ye world arou

En

ace \isually culeninates a
Joctrination during which

the candidate joinshissire'scult,
inwhispertharthe Baali_f

Wyn which to ree

butes usually
cial Ateributesr
Knowledges,

nom. Many P

ad the §

fiage before they ane Embraced. Most Buali follow the Tariq
al-Shaitan (Road of the Devil).
Clan Disciplines: Ohtuscare, Presence, Daimoinon
snely vulneriblet
rem, Eventhe chime
alligasphic inscriptions
theboskon the wallsof buildings
will repel them. All members
of the Iuy't nuffer double
Jamage froin Truc Faith

The mu

(6

the wing of an
elder for severil y
their Embrice. T
known as a
oh several Br
cones. The secrecy
quired of the Bali lends
to conflict b
practicesundagendasdif
fer. Baali civil wars are
hutdly unknown. The
+ greatestnest in chelands
i Isa buices in Dam-


Nu Haaix

CAssaMires)

The Bini Hagin are among the most common vam.
Pires in the Islamic workd. The hay't its name sugaests,
claims deent from a single vampire called Hagim. This

gure was a warnor who won endless life
lets of aquest. He laid down aseries
sn which the fury' follomssto thiseay. Th
seder Bars Hagim eshonor the eldest member ofthe bay
to protect mortals from orher varmpites, and to jue and
punish thowe who are four wanting. Sometimes, they

inte to bang themselves closer to,
Hou.

© unfit varnpite

This makes for uneasy relationships betwre
woul cehers in the region. The Banu Haim see th

as inherently superior to most other

ires sand
lous ideasof worth, The sheer numbers and
powerot the biy‘rin Persin anid the caster parcofthenegion
to particular mean thar other huy't have to accept ths or

1 vampires who natch upto the B

find members

rks with the Misitn sect ty prepare for further
the Bali, whom the Banu Hagin hunted long
skArnins. Unlike t
the Ba ite the fact thar a
hroxgghout the
The Banu H, act is th
Alamut in Asia Minot, but the clan
fpreserce inall ports of dhe empire, from the fringes of lia
Iberia Ir isdivided inca theee distinct custes — warriors,
sorcerets snl visies — which are often treated almost ss
sepurate bay't by members of other clans, The warriors are
the dominant caste within the clan, Skilled in
combat, trom fist to siege weapons, they have:
toapysition where they demninatethe Baru Hai
and have created the warlike image that many
the hay's. They are al

adopred Ishin firse and are its fiercest adherents.

only tisen
sagendh
on-Mustim

VEIL OF NIGHT

The sorcerers ane the hay't's moderate caste. They
pricticea form of magic tied to Cainite blood and expan
Perception. Some use haifa drug grown through sor
means. When they ingest it hy drinking from th
‘mortal who has smokes! Kali leaves, i helps
eulightenment and dircer their magic. Th
call on pre-tslamic gods like the Mesopotamian
the Persian Mithra, causing conflict with f
of the warriar caste

The vi

veins of
achieve
uals often
Mardi ot

ss value knowledge above the raw power of the
other castes. While not the most visible metubers of the
bay't they ate ieshear, managing its hoklings and havens
throughout the Muslim world. They keep records of the
clan's history and channe! information to the ber rembers
‘who need it most. What one vicier learns trom it member of
the Qubilacal-Khayal in theria may well be valuible infoe-
mation when it reaches anacher visier in the Holy Land
several months later,

>» as caused

lems within the elan. While the vast

vampire cannot serve both Hagin
choose Hagim, not this new, upstart religion, After all, rhe
bay' is the Banu Haqim, noc the Banu Muhammad or Banu
Allah. Others caionali asthe vampiric equivalent
of Muhammad and see many areas of sin
themselves and the Muslims,

Sobriques

Appearance: The vast rigjority ofthe bay'tareof Arab,
Movrish or Perséan extraction, although the Embrace tends
to darken their skins considerably. Theit clothes varies by
caste. The warriors dress practically, for freedom of move:
ment. Viciersweat traclitionsal Arabic dress, ually expensive
butrestrained in design. The reclusivesorcererscare lit
their appearance

Haven and Prey: The buy'
fortress high in amountain in Asia Minor, Younger vampires
¢ypkeally choose havens that are taolated frony xh mortal
and vampiric activity. Security is their first concem.
Hagim is cities feed as prageatically as peasible. T

arity herween

iracens

iders reside in Alam, a


choose vicrims who won't be missed should the vamp
bhunger lip oat of control, minimizing the risk of Uiscowery
The Embrace: All three cistes ate very, very choosy
oF apprentices, often watching a candidate for
imakiryafinal decision, The warn
ive in its choice af candidates for the
Embrace. In recent centuries, male Muslims who show great
predominated, The other castes are
ir choices. Both look for appropriate
dxlates. Vicierschioone
wwe shown an aptitude for
ide of politics, dicta

+ being public figurcheads,
The sorcerensdon'tnecessarily look
f lente. They meraly
res with open and

minds. Most spend

06 a half-adictedd

fortherigonsofhlood mag

Character Creatio
Warriors ¢

ets focus on Men
tal Auributes. Skills
predominate for all castes

n Backgrounds include
Mentor, Generation and

Clan_ Disciplines:
Waris: Clery, Of
Auspex, Celerity, Qui- f
ctus, Soren: Auspex, iF

cety guideli
se Thaummaturgy),
Weaknesses: Wuar-

even if he
never drunk the blood ofa
ther vampire,
superna

the taint of Amaranth 0 be
detected con

blood:
© The Franj: Such arrogant barbarians. They
| think-to impose their values on our lands, We
have ji then all and found them wanting,
‘We'shall claim theie blood for Hagin.
___ Bay't Mujrim:: deceive with
than. ovine with, only Faecal
joreshought. Ifyou catch them at their trick.

ie -LFFOu can use one of their jroups to |
dase,

al hay't member
vol their payne

ties of practicing
set marked with its
fhisby supernatural mens
uty al ar cnet operate at wo
of oppened

ers: Each virier has an obvessivec

Organization: The Banu Hagim are among the most
the bay't, The be 4

che hay' at the mome
ls from that ca

the hay't. In thus
with the w

eho do not look te A
Ashirra an
=} und the

wanting. Rese
togiad use

s WAYS OF THE BLOOD.


Bay't Marnoon

MALKIN)

Ashirra recount the cautionary wile ©
founder of Bay'y Majn
to unders

Marid,

n, who long ago wished
id of the djinn. Standing
same rock where Abraham sacrificed
Isaac, he madi

nd the we
pon th
a deal with one of the most pow
itsand agreed to share his body
aampire to the realm of the spirit
unately, the fusing of the two
Such

erful of these sf
with it. The dja
world,
Unto

ve both

the price of hubris, and the de-
ro)

Each time a Majnoon Embraces, a portion of

that great djinn's spirit pas

the childe's body and soul.

swith the blood into
The two spirits fuse,
creating the maddened spirit that char

t. The newborn va

terizes

pire inherits both the

and an insight into the world
1 call upon the

ctreat the
Majanin

great respect for the sacrifice they have made for
sight and power. Members of the bay't often act

asadvisors to powerful Cainites, using their oracu.
abilities, and exp
ifts of the djinn to protect

ting the reality-bendi

ir musters. Majan

are also common in the Holy Land, as many visit
Jerusalem to see the site of the sacrifice of Marid
f Islam, which retains the
ny Majanin have embraced the
faith. The way a member of the bay't is v

Since the advent
belief in djinn
wed by
ther Ashirra depends on her individual actions,
just as the Qur'an dictates that each dj
they do bad, they serve Satan,
ther Ashitra arise bec

ni should
they serve Allah. In.
Problems with
se good and bad, even

VOL OF NIGHT

with the Que

measures
In recent decades, a few Majanin have utterly
rejected the idea that they are possessed by djinn.
Instead, they claim to be prophets, raking inspira:
tion from the fits and seizures that Mull pad
suffered when Allah bestowed visions on him.
This claim is extremely controversial among the
Ashirra, however, as the Qur'an makes it explicit
that Muhammad was the last prophet, Majanir
who see themselves as divinely inspired arguc

that Muhammad was the last of the prophets
the living, and that they are prophets to_ the
aun nut. thereby sidestepping the restriction Thie
is hardly a widely accepted view, but coteries of
nin, calling themselves khagas, travel the

Islamic world, promoting their twisted viston of
stam as

asa guide he very subjective

evers to the cause
Sobriquet: Madmen

Appearance:
on the race
status of
those they E
brace. The most
noticeable thing about
them is their clothes
Many choose to wear a
h-mash of elements from differ-
es. Even some examp!
European dress have been seen, brow
ky the M
Haven and Prey
their lairs ind
hovel

alem

in generally make
parts of a city. From their
they prowl among the city's pop
we their victims by listeni
their inner djinn. If no su
sents itself 1

choos
able errant soul pre-
night, the dyin
with the blood of a beg;
The Embrace: When a Majnoon [eels that the
part of the djinnt bound within
strong enough to be divided aga
potential lde. As they reco the Majanin
actually listen to the whisperings of their djinni
who recognizes the mortal soul

within has to be

conte

has grown


Onee the victim t

of te isready
rit fused wil

of a djinni
haracter Creatios

The randomne
ids to. a wide

soul, ending

Organizati
The Majanin b

ajanint p
Quote: | thank


Bay'r Murr

(Ravnos)

The Mujriniin —or"Ravnos" as they refer to
hail from India, ¢t

t of the lands of Islam. According to their own

nds, the Mujrimin face a panoply of terrible
demons in their homeland and suevive through
cunning and wit. Sheer survival has thus led the
fay'c 19 value deceit and stealth, a tendency en:
hanced by the whispers of theirown Beast. Unlike
the raging monster of

hemselye

ther clans, the
Beast stokes these vampires' urges to sin,
hem greedy thieves, prideful hoasters or deca-
dent monsters. Although many Mujrimin fight
this tendency, itis nevertheless recurring theme

with the clan and has earned them a had name in
Muslim lands, who ure quite intolerant of theft in
i"

Jajrim
aking

particular, Indeed, Mujrim means "crimin
The hay't divides itself into ex:
tended family
groups called
jati. These are f
descendants
of a common
who
migrated fe
India, The ti
and the expe:

of that immigration
# the Jat since then shape
such an extent thar it

the group's culture ¢
functions almost like a separate clan, fn the Mus:
lim world, there ure three significant ati: Roma
Ravnis, Alexandrites and Bashirites
The Rotia Ravtios are the most recently ar
rived, and they are rapidly becoming the most
tous. Apparently, the demons of India have
became eve and have driven nor
ires out of their homeland, but
in herd as well, These humans,
as the Roma (or

only the
f the hui
madic émigrés kno
sometimes as "Gypsies"), travel in caravans of
tight!

knur fami

mong th
holy protectors and predators of
these peoples and have little tolerance for other
vampires. They have e
of other lines, wk

themselves as

cial disdain fe
1m they see as de

Mujrimin

Nlexandritey are the most well-
Mujrimin in Islam

tablished
Tracing their line to-an an.

cient in the city of Alexandria, they have been in

VEU, OF NIGHT

that city and many other trading ports for centu:
ries. Alexandrites often suffer from the sins of
greed or pride and lead luxurious unlivesas trad-
and merchants. They have little time for a
morality that is not their own and are a favorite
target for the admonitions of Ashirra ‘wlama.
Bashirites trace themselves to the ancient
Majcim Bashir and live in the Holy Land. Bashir
and his brood are nd believe whole
heartedly in an apocalypse. They await che
at Armageddon as others awair the dawn. They

harele

suffer from sins of pride, lust and
Alexandrites, they have the

havea better underctondi

Sobriguet:
Charlacans
Appear-
ance: Most
mebers of the
bey dros ex
tremely well,
their clothes
hordering on
the ostent
A few older membersot
nv show their [ndian
clothes of that re
fashion
Haven and Prey: Traveling groups of Mujrimin
nest wherever they can, Many spend the day in

gins and cress in

covered caravans, or buried in the

uch defined by who theyare ashy how they become
vietims. Most Mujrimin eannor bel but
their weakness and so trick mortals int positions
where the c ppropriately
The Mujrimin chaose new re-
cruits based on their own nature. City-dwellin;
groups pick merchants and city officials, ofte
corrupt ones, to further olidare their influ:
weling groups of Mujrimin pick wanderers
s. from pilgrims to entertainers, for the
Embrace. Some even find frustrated explorers,
trapped in one place by work or responsibility,
and set them free with the


Character Ci
triburesare gen
most Raynos focu
and Skills. Most Roma Raynos
walk the Tariq el-Ta

of Paradox), al

few new r
fellow the Tarig ¢l-U
( / Community)
The Alexandrites

Shaitan (Road of the |
Devil), Bashirites /
generally follow a
harsh version af the |
Tariq _el-S
(Road of Heaven).
Retainers, Contacts
and Resources are com.
n Backgrounds.
cl pl
Animalism, Chimerstey,
Fortitude

il or lust. This
y sin is chosen \

ated, and the ¢
seck to indul
possible. A Self-Control roll ¥y
(lifficulty 6) is needed to 1
sist the temptation,

Organization: Mujrimin |p «!
arrange themselves in groups
called jati, These roughly |f

The Ashirra: Dothey cally llow the wor!
ofa mortal who was born mere ee ago?

| Whar deception has been perpetrated here!

‘The Franj Bevaetgont Cx wih
lands. They' are too untrustiny of vrtiers th dex
ceive easily. Ifyou mus aleal with them, dose-on
their own territory,

Banu Hagimt They make excellent tests ot
your skills: Never be foolish cnough 16 lee one
face you in confut or discover white you spend
‘your dsys, though

-_Ray‘een il-Feint Simply fools why can see
‘nothing beyond their: in with art, Provide
them with 9 few stolen picccs and they are your
toys forever:

Wah'Sheony These cowards lirk inthe
dleserms, testing themvelvecs wgainst animals nid
merchants, of prow! the street, feasting vin beg

"They make goex! sport wher, we citch them,
Le Hope it linc dei iy

Set: Like the Banu Hagim, « teal

Testyourself agains: ‘only wher

find no other .

the appi
em to communicate with,

haps a hand or two wll b
nights have passed


Bay't Musuakis

(Bray)

tvorthern coast of Africa was unquestionably

the preserve of the Mushakisin. From great Carthaye, the
boy'tpresidedoveran unprecedented society where Cainites
and kine lived rogetherin harmony. Then camethe Roman
Enpireand ts vampiric masters. Together they brought the
dream to an end, Or, at east so nins the legen
spread throught the ezicin, Whi
the clan reflect on their failures, the yo
Jeuts and philosophies among the peoples of North Africa
‘Some think they have already fo be answer in
and the new religion of Iam. The fuith, has « particular
combirsation of discipline and passion that appeals om
Mushakisin, A few Mustim scholars we
tay'r centuries ago, creating the be
religiossmovemencwithintheclan. Inthecen

x,theidealsof the religion havesyreal throu
the bay't, giving it the focus it has lacked
since the end of the Carthag

In the early
days of Islam, ay,
few elder me
bers of the byt
listened to the
words of the ‘wama,

the older members of
nger anes seek new

the moral wise men
interpretation of the Qur'an anal the
al how the principles of submission

who advise on
Hadith, and deb
their own condition, Many became
f the Ashirra, alor
Hay) and the Qubilt el-Khayal, and were instrumental in,
drawing up the vampiric versions of the shana. These
ives many Mushakisin
ther shin. The younger memibersof the hey' tha lit

could be applied

with the

eodesnow dominate th

time for this, choosing to takea more active wile in jad,
following the conguering Muslim troops all over the
idly expancling Ishunic world, Ax the consquests tc
them into the expanses of the Byzantine Empi
avenge Carthage by
«9 Hiawerest there, all bur driving
the chan frown the Holy Land. That these two trends have
not torn che Muslims Mushakisin apart has a grear deal t
Jo with the charismatic example of Khalid ibn Salil, th
leader of the radical Ashirn faction. A prone
both sction and reflection, he draws admiration from the
anid scholars of his clan,
Toxlay, while the fxy'e is not wholly Muslim, most
members in. Mustim lands have sclopted! ts principal

took the opportunity
the Ron

tenets t
philosophi
new religious interpretation of an egalte
sto those se
interest is purely pry
cone th collect
of works from Ancient Greece, Islamic seicnee and
fonophy builds on and farexceeds these early works. The
Maxhakisin follow this leaming assidnously
Othersdo truly believe, though. For them, Islam offers
chance to build 2 utopia in the afterlite mther than on
th. The Qur'an'smercifulstanceon thedjinn and other
supernarumal creatures leads many to hope the Emby
has nor cursed then through all eternity. Perhaps by
submiting to the five pillars of Is
* Flam, they mayachieve redempticn
Some of the younger members
the buy' are espe
cially zealous
Many seek to
supaort the
armies of Islam,
especially iy th
Holy Land. ‘They
espouse the views of
‘Solah al-Din, whuse successes
against the infil
inspiration to the

rustlers Iyive proved ian

Other members of the hey't choose to tuke jihad to its
extreme and purge the earth of Cainites who do not
believe. Despite the Qur'an'smixed messagesof tolerance,
specially for Christians and Jews, it appears to be quite

ar on the fate of pagans. Many elders vampires whose
Embraces preciate Ih fall into chat category. A tew
worry that the younger Mushak
aredevelopingateflexive hutred of themasi result
the intellectual
attachments to [skin

Sobriquet: Zealots

Appearance: Mushulkisin are mainly drawn from North
African and Arabian stock. Most are Embraced at their peak
of physical perfection and sore welll aru goextlooking
in acokl, distant way. They hess nec, with a quiet dignity
Many adopt the white tubes of the ‘ama.

Tlayen and Prey: The Mushakisin choose toreside in
the hustling heart of acity, often with sever
the same building. M

celdeesarebeginnin

J transitory nacure of muny of t
vey may not be far from them


Carthage inthe hearts othe
numbers. will rebuild Garth:

- they {
destroy ourdream. They try again With their Crue:
sade This time, the I be ours Their
civilizarions will crumble beneath our armics.
| Banu Hagin: Their whole scietyisrooted in
mirive, ae Pethaps now ie te have
ek he winlbmet lin eft
to other cultured concepts,
Jaith canes t Jahines a
aifeaicncctiag © 4 i

- Qubilatal-Mawe: When they cense ropryinto
the scene o of the next world and otntt te coneen

"on th 1d' be usefull allies.
Ilbec et Sake ei adv rer
‘partners.

"sycon al: Fea Their knoledee and under!

standingof the Queluy and the sheo?a are
contitive our

mn them, we ga the wistom to

Walt Sees Where we build, they deston

the bay't have taker
utskirts of settlements, w
-y often chy

» Fook for
gence and commitment to asysten
Isha

pong their

judges tcligious

\ee. Vampires ac
Islan through force
pof strategy and

Character Creation: The hay't is split hetween
bers with MentalandPhyskal Arenibutesdominant. Younger
Mushakysin are more likely to choose Physical Attributes as
their primary group, They usually have assertive Natures,
often bordering on the aggressive, Their Demeanors are

sometimes similar to their Narure

passion behind a fagade of intellece

tances, but the most

rate cn Skills and
mmo

(Road of War) and el Sama' (Read
of Heaven)

Clan Disciplines: Celerity, P)

Weaknesses: Mushakisin are
80 passionate about their intel
fectural and martial pursuits that
they easily
when frustrared. Because of th

they are far

tofrenzy. The
> difficulty

tora mem

number.
Orga
The Mush
the Middle
frequently. In
pines within,

I nights withou
sthingmore thanasiny
agreement. Every d

ne thatthe other bay'
The murtals offer
n chat the w

see what we
squidace i the
7) imagine

WAYS OF THE BLOOD


Bay't MurasHarip

CNosrerat

From the moment mediber of Bay't Murasharid fools
the blood of the elan enter her boxy, she knnowe she is truly
cursed. The painful changes which wrack her form overthe
e the birth pains of something utterly
of Goal, she becomes a
ianyof their European
Nosferatu cousins, the Mutashaidin of the ©
thet curse. They are monsters, snd taki
neat hunter that spawned their lin

next few d

encounter with other beings, whether living ot dead, im-
preses upon them that they ane horrific, to be t
monster. Thus, they act like monsters, seekin
The faiy't as & whole fs ruthlessly obsessed with its
survival, for itis well aware that its acceptance of inhuman.
ity couses many mortals and vampires. alike toy hunt its
stand intell

and operite by a separate set ¢

tery of Obfuseate makes t easy for it to avoid hunters and
‘on others for foreweamings of « potential threat. In
se fis investigations, the bay't comes
aerossatlot of other useful information, which
i hoppy toters for
favors trom other
Cainites. These fa- &
vors can be very
weful when danger
teas is head, Some 1

nibers
sepenite
approach and hide in ht. They participate actively
in coteries vampires, working on the theory that there is
safety in numbers. CF coune, they still keep the location of
thet Huavens sect
Mutasharidia make ase of binds unit other aninnals to
communicate with orbersof their kind indlistant cities. The
distance between commumies ts often vast and the jour
neysacross the desert arduous, particularly for a yarapire. It
fh simpler ana faster to have bind fly dhe journey
er Matashuandln often

sly, thar allows 1
odin the wa
mortals wh
af animals of supenot

wake the concentrator
ough to avoid making
ately, but strong
5c and strength (5e¢ pay
Inrecent centuries, hough, lange ad growing portion
of the hay'chas adopted the teachings of Muhammad and

VEIL OF NIGHT

aband the traditional behavior of the Mutasharidin,
rejecting the idea thar they are inherently monstrous. Led by
the powerful Metluiselah Tarique al-Hayji, these vam
have become che heat of the Ashima sect. They fi
‘embrace the belief that submission to Allub offers a puth t
redemption, even for dhe most horrific Calne
"These faithful Mutasharidin call thernselves the Hay
taking their name from their founder and fomn the pl
age to Mecea every Muslim is expected to perform at least
‘vice, The haf tsa hartowiras experience fie Caunites asthe
holy sicesof Islam resonate with Allah's power and force all
bur the purest ni
aca vampice'sform assheappreaches thie holycities, Fewean
avokd destruction if they persist in ach Al uth
Ashitra aspire to enter the holy cities, but very few have
managed it — most of them Mutasharidin, Those why
succeed in the pllgvimage a ol bythe Hajj wh
of faith and take up
in one of the holly cities, truly deserving, of their
line's name at Last
Of che Haj who fall the pilatimage some cla to force
themselvescnwardk icing Final Deathasdivine judgmentior
their fail
Orhers
turn back,

theirboes as
mark ther uh

7M anc.as spurs to greater submission to Allah. After
decaksoffunherdevoxion,mochotwhich sspentteachingarxd
‘tying to convert other vampires, they try cnce mone. After a
pertad of rest and reflection, the Hajj who has completed! the
pilgnmage leavesthe holy citiesand travels to other parts ud the
‘Wamicworld. These vunpireshecome impertantpnnscfAshirea
communes acts the empire, ofen serving asians, ih

Sobriquet: Hunters, Believers (Hajj only)

Appearanc

Each Mucasharid is unique, The curse of
Caine twiss her badly into a mockery of the form she once

hal Facial featurescollapse, hae falls out, boils, pustulesane
warts infest the skin, Bones distin, collapse a rit in
iupossible shapes, No one could. possibl

Motasharid for human, Many Hajj bear serious burns on
thee forms the result of failed attempts to apprasch Mecca
Unlike European Nosferatu, few Murasharidin or Haj hide

their forms — neither is embarrased by their honific mien,


STEREOTYPES: ie

‘The Ashicras A game played by young ones
too nuive ta know the truth, The blood wit
makes us wicasters, and no amount of praying eny
change that.

‘The Frumf: More victims: Lertherycome We
already know tnore about thew than they shall

ever know abour us.

ALAmin: Anciblacestten ate nite:
‘Now, itseotits the pame isover. Our foes havieniew
pproblenas, Ifthe word fron Buirope is (0 be he
lieved, new players encer the game and the rules
are differen

Banu Hagims You judee me. brother? You
wantcodeink my blood? How will you da so when
L know Tt ae tee
Closest ally

oust ~<a artic olen
thedefetfomof ein They will atnorviveoue

Vengeance.

‘Walid Seti" Our only alles, The Wad so
understand our aims; idomieh |

mound channels
non choices: They genctally Feedon the poot
anal homeles, although some 1 to make their
rich and powerful. Th
reat delight inv revealing
beforeteedingon thei gthemclese todcath. The
nike their havens in mesquies or other buildings
ited with Islam. Th
din
hherd or hunt
brace: The Mutasharidin Embrace people whos
direction or who are outcast from society, in th
their llenation will allow them to cope be
In recent centuries,
backdired
swollen bey ese thanks to nevly
inherent mon-
ity and try ro cleanse their souls by readfinming their
nision to Allah. Since more and more younger ment
the hay't are turi
unbelievers are Embracing bitter people inste
© anger they have ag y can qui!
he proper actin fora Mutasharid monster,
wer Creation: Mental Attributes
ally primary, although their Social Attribur

rapidly after the Embrace, puticularly Man

Talents are usually the primuiry Abilities

wad havea Nature of Monster or something in

Weaknesses: All
hacidin

never be
) improved through

but well
nected. |
members spread

ruther
tween gi

| this sitvanon
place if you had
\ ying


LAIBON

Sub-Saharan Africa is a mysterious land for
ind Berber
hand. Indeed, sea trade
Hand trade actos
the great desert have long linked Arabia and the
Maghrily ro bilad asesudan, the lands inhabited by
black-skinned peoples south of the desert. Bilad as.
a remainsan exotic land, home to great kingdoms
such as Kanem: and Gh slam is only
starting to take hold. Bura lively trade in salt, gold

J slaves encourages profonged contact and visits.
As is the way of thir ict breeds conflict
especially among the children of Caine

Europeans. For Muslims, especially Arab
ic ts tnuch closer

the east coast of Africa a

nay where

T are Cainites who dwell in bilad as-sudan
and have foruntold millennia. since
before the desert rose from the si
yvanna to block large mow »
{people and predators. The:
dencended from ancient
spirits of the land, seeing the stories
of Caine and the Second City
as distortions of thetr own
legends. The Laibon haye
been in occasional e

with the Fertile Crescent

and North Africa

for a very long

time. Indeed, it iv a

right of passage among Laibon neonates to travel far

and wide before they take up a domain of their own,

These travelers ure often masterful storytellers and

pay for the hospitality af local Cainites with tales of
Back in their homelands, the Laiben are highly

territorial, After long travels, chey establish Large

domains in which they dwell alone, overseeing hu

man herds and acting as gods (at least if traveler's

oports are to he believed). They ure jealous lords

snd do not tolerate intr

J therein lies the

ns fromother vampires,
of current problems. In
as Islamic trade
with bilad as-siadun, As

a have come with them
The presence of foreign vampires promot
n intolerant of the local pagan ways a

ther Cainites who set up dom

lands face attack from local Laibon lords and power:
ful allies

In the Maghrib and the Levant, young Laibon:
still come as travelers, but they now carry messages
They warn that Cainites must curtail rheirpredation
n bilad as-sia
though the ba
over their Beat
abovestrikingac their enemies. A tense standoff isin
the makin

Sobriquet

Appearance: Nearly all Laibon bear the features
ofthe people who live sourh of the Sahara in Africa,

although a few have been Embraced from the peoples

nor face further retribution, Al-
't displays a rare degree, of control
on elders are powerful and not

‘atchers

¢ to confuse them with

their tribes, which leads

*®

¢ Walid Set. Travelers adopt
the dress of the native peoples
p a few days of arriving
w location and then
do their best to
blendn.

Hayen and

Prey: The trav
cling Laibon
often spend their

Jays inthe
sfother vampi
at least those pro
iests. If they have no h

by other vampites, as
theyare sept at finding abandoned or divased build,
ry havens. While staying as
guests, they ask their host about the hest and safest
mortals to feed from. Once they have sett
city, chey like to live in some eo
ansar of their neighbors. Nearby residents become
their staple diet too, and they do their best to drive
The Embrace: The bay't has only just started to
brace out of ish Those few thar they
do pick are carefully chosen to display a mixture of
skill in arms, curiosity and ambition
Character Creation: There is not a single Abil
ity that a Laibon does not prize 1 some degree
although most th: seen in the Islamic world
have some Skills appropriate co surviving in the

Hina
fort, oftert makin


wild, Howeyer, Mental Areributes tend to be pri-
If-Control or Instinct are usually
he bay't's superior control
Survivor and Loner are comm
Their Demeanors are tailored to suit their hosts
Typically Laibon follow variations of the Roads of
nd Heaven.
nest Abombwe,
m, Fortitude

dicated by the Abombwe
Discipline, see Dark Ages
Companion) comes at
st. In return for
quiescence, it
sumesa tithe of

wd a Laibon

Cuses or con
es blood, the 3
‘consumes

t chinge in
istiveor

her Accributes, sl
tually loses three
drains a mortal ¢
10 blood point

Muslim world,
Laibon are eit
fesers:or

STEREOTYPES:
{The Aahial the imetpeot a life gd
smc Ai show theirhumum chars
ore sespecrthan other vampires, so there is goo!
here. If irony they would lear, a where they
-then we would not be enemies
€ Franje | am curious. The tales of the way
 thieieaceciety i¢structuces arealmossunkelievable.
{imust sée it for myself Before I return.
"Bang monsters who would
arin MS BE oe al
ava

ofthe groan raletll-
vets E have ever Tasos ve one a
‘came toralk, 2 aera reas

know,
snaBav'osn sees
eeeten ied teas vompires anid tell fucsinue
sythey pose little threat ta)
fund and i

\bonite, cruly

—- ogee

these stor
wean't st


QABILAT AL7KHAYAL

(Lasomerad

Clan Lasombra — known in the Muslin world as the
‘Qubilat cl-Khayal, or "clan of shadows" — harbors more
genuine believers in Gual's existence than any other bay't
While the majerity of the clan a s Christian, a

y is Muslim, with a very strong proses

message that: Cheisti
Mustims' view of

ns are "People of the Book," most
ristians is ambiguous at best and

Jownright hostile at worst. Christians tend to be even less

n. Jakoue the new faith.

birt and spread of Islam has
<teated divisions within the clan, particularly in Theri,
rc inconst

Nov surprisingly

nates over the fate of the peninsula. A>
cnyqusta continues, 40 too will the disputes. The fight

secretive courts of the bay's
ious differences. Several 4
ds (known as the Amici Noctis in Europe and the
al-Lail in Islamic kar), but the Chis:
tian majority is pushing them «
the Friends have forbidden
petitions tor the
esttuy another

the
>»
n the Holy

Land, Irseems like only matter of time
become wholly Christian and sappy a new crusade
Elder and Joss faithful members of the Qabilar el-
Khayal find Islam a much more frustrating religion than.
thove that p A religion without priests, monks oe
ortunity for control and manipulation.
‘Of coune, wiser heads sce it merely asa greater test of one's
shils. A. word to the right ‘ali, with sm
Disciplines, can make the eritieal difference

we the Friends

judicious use of

Christian Lasombra can b
Islamic world ports. They tmde and raid on the
Mediterranean neal the Red Sea while quietly establishing

se neachofthe key townsand citiesalong the way.
Many, whether they ool trade
helping Ashirra pilgrims on the sea leg of their journey.

found at the fringes of the
pair i

¢ believers or not, doa

VEIL OF NIGHT

Indeed, pilgrims from the Magh
choose to travel as much of the di
given the difficultiesof joining,
hide from the sun all day,

Elsewhere in che empire, Mush
are in the overwhelming majority. Most
mutted to the Ashirra us an organization. The Qt
el-Khayal is rapidly becoming the dominant force tn the
cities of North Africa, as the Mushakisin of th
longerhave the interest in politiestheyonced
major bay't in the region, the Wal'Shs
interest in either politics or cities,

The clan isstill rare in Egyps, bat of the clan
can be found throughout the Arabian Peninsula, Many
seek ‘ulama — both mortal and vampiric — with
ingviewsof the Qur'an. Othershavenoticed the differences
between some versionsof the Hadith and shan aacross the
elumic world, and sock answersand grater understanding

by examining the differen

p oF al-Anilus usially
ec by seas they can

caravan when you have to

nbers of the hay't
© deeply com:

any seek cons
tionswith thexeblesed
Achitw whi
tually — heard
Muha mms
spi.

The Holy
Land holds
more thu
few Christian

‘muy of whom

are frustrated andl

angered by a Jerusalem in Muslim hands, The Christin
faith is slowly beiny: rephiced dh
with itdisappeas the veligicushie

pout the region, and
archy and cirganizations
that the bay's has influeneed! and controlled! through the
+s While iiany younger vampireshave been able.
orto the new reliion, manyof the elders
the requisite flexibility.
Sobriquet: The Faithful
Appearance: Membersof Qabilatel-Kh
of Mediterrane: , with the car
boned faces of thei
umber of

mibeaced from amon other Islamic
‘peoples, however. Mast choose to wearsimple but well
and expensive cloth
abound in costal regions

expecially the snechants who


STEREOTYPES:

The Ashirrts The Hajj ate thi heart of the
Ashirni, wilile the Mushakisin and Banu Hisgim
ae ts strong anne. We, however, are tes mind,
and without mind, it would be nothin.

The Franjs Theyarebothalliesand enemies
However, as long as they continue to undesest:
inate the people, and che Cainites, of the Middle
East, they. will be easy prey.

Banu Hagim: Worthy foes and efficient al-
lies However; they cannot be trusted, and te)
thitst fon the blood of other vampires fs great.
Always lel with them chrough others, There ate
) scnicexcellentintcmadiaiesoutthere wher

Bay't Mutasharids With any fick, the old
yonsteas of che fasy'e well the Hayy sare
eave us-as the leaders of the Ashirra: Ah, my

mistake. Luck will have nothing ro do with ir.

Ray'cen al-Fen: An insipid bay't that does
not have the cons ction of its
the younger ones make good seribies,

Walid Sets Cunnim: and clever, but aoe
sighted, They have no visio of what their:
influence should uchieyve bur limited power and. |
confusion,

iceasy for them to exeate sunroof rooms without
eliciting speculation or comment from their
Traders spend their days below decks on ship
fords (trade warchensses). They feed on privil
ets of the city in which they li
The Embrae
society. Mo
itude in both pol
re than a few und

vers, but not
virrwally corn
the merch:
rdians of px

genuine bel

ia nares,
extremely common Back
valent but

nebay'tfallewsthe Tan
Aah (Ri
uununity). Many Christians in the

Sania'(Read
al-Unuma (Road of €
clan follow the Europea

sea: Themen
ay'C ae

reflective surface

Organization:
The bay't is faith

eructuned, with a

J age. Few de-

Muchofthe bay't
policy is set in
quietmeeringghe
Faithful with
the kriowled
thosethe
will affect
wveral ulingboxh
of the ck
ds which
petitions ftom byt
wo wish
other
theckin.
Quote: Whae a
pad yo. Ie sh
rmuch dunghe

WAYS OF THE BLOOD


QasBiLAT AL-MAwt

<Cappapocian)

Cainites are the unliving, but are hot quite dead
The members of this bay't understand that distinc
tion and seck the secrets of death and decay. Only in
vealed, they claim,

ation for the

the end of things is the truth
and the Middle Ease holds a de
Mawr (literally

ions of

Qabilar
From the v
the new revelations of the Qu

with possible le t's sea

understanding of the seerets of life,
peoples all over the region has crested a p
enal network of research, [slamic

the foundation of Greek, Persian
edge is che annum

nthe
and the

bic-spe
ience, built on
nd Indian know!
knowledge available in the teaching institutions
und libraries of the Muslim world isa constant di
for the hay't
The respect tha
ws for the lead is
and a teal problem for #
pires. The elaborate
cemeteries with their

Muslim culture
cea great boon
ow van:

impressive tombs and

accompanying build- \

ings tharean be found in

the major cities make

ideal havens nnd places of research. The common
practice 4 some areas of using cadavers for medical

peoples, corpses are cons

of the body that his research entails are ever detected,

the Qabilat al Mawt is lable to face
sed by the desecration of comses.

A large number of the fy' tare haved in and around
Asia Minor where they have established remote hit
vensinwhich toexperin parcivularly interesting
corpses with little orno risk of deweetion, The research
materials for these outposts are often berated from
nomadic tribes, thanks t

their custom of huryity
dead iy shuillow, easily plundered graves

According tw some elders, the clan's founder
known as Cappadocins to the Franj and Abu La
Mushim Cainices 6 to diablerice Godt and take

his place asthe ruler of heaven; This ts not a plan that

the hay't advertises widely, Those of the bay't whe

VEIL OF NIGHT

jewith the Ashita, for very few ean besaid tobe
members, keep this legend as

ct ax possible. A few

1 Qabilat al Mawt who have adopeed the

h actively oppose the plan. On the whole,

though, the bay't views Isham much as it does the other
re world: asa poten

tins, Few of dhe Qabilatal-Miawt

Muhammad's ceachings, although

al sautce of iri
rue believers
the region are genuine Christians, and they
are outnumbered by the Muslims.
Egypt remains the one area of the Islamic world
thar the bay't would like to gain # foothe
which has always eluded
fascination with death and the afterlife is something
the bay't's scholars would sorely like to explore fy
However, the Walid Set have,t
amy itstrated manyoftheiratrempssto

access the tombs ste rds in

m to tke a par
ticular pleasure in
the hid-
den desires of th
often dour Qabilatal-
Mawr and luring them
0 the service of Set
han one member of this hay't has ended up
ws the Tarig el-Hayya, the Road of the Serpent.
Sobriquet: Graverobbers
Appearance: Given thar s many members of the
ilat al-Mawt had an obsession with death
they joined the unloving, it shoukl be
their attire ts fu ary. Dark-cole II-cone
robes are the most common form of dress, The 4
weakness tends to manifest itself asa dried-out
wv elder of the clan as a
dead thing. Some choose to wear
dope the traditional Bedouin
Hayen and Prey: Muslimscities
eteries with elaborare support facilities, inclisling
bhospitals, libraries, hostels and kitchens. Many of the
Qubilatal-Mawt use these ashavens,discrerely feeding
‘on the visitors there. Others lair in caves deep in the
mountains, only

asks, but many
Jress inste

0 Feed and track down new
research samples.


already have a fascin:
death, such

odies for burial
researchers and kille

a valued

can be tu

and what lies
qualification /
needed to jon

we hay"e

eter

imost always prisiary
Physical Attnbutes are
lly secondary, as they. If
in the more
ments of te
i Sgcial Atrribute
wasted on the dead. Obv
Knowledges

velop a wide ran;
Abilities, The Tar

mon choice,
own Tarig ¢l-A't

and the Tariq el

(Road of

iplines:
Mortis

, students with an aptitude ff

‘The Ashirrat Useful "The sped the faith |
has provided us with many subjects for study. We |
will notbey them, bur we can deal with thew |
sand that is
2 ‘The Franj: a ‘uch diversity in the |

ving world. In the end, though, itis for naught. |
Death ‘tuch to reconcile these differences,
‘Stil, should they Rape ecin ball travel
Palestine, fr rarely do we get the Opporturiity
smidy death on 30 great ascale

Banu Hagim: So skilled in the art of death, but
0 ignorant of its science. To do with under-
|] Sainding is'co'be forever without power,

Bay't Majnoon: An enigma, and 9 dangersiis
one at that. They claitn to be abl to see and deal
with che dimn. Perhaps bebind sbelp mans leg
ame answer. Parhapycthey are just shales

Laibon: A mystery tobesolved. The spiries they
claim to represent my be those of the dead: If this |
isthe muth, we must trayel totheie lands, aid soon.

ee anarininig Ste
insights must he tp the wombs of their ancestors for
‘theisfascination withthe aterliieiereputesLsut and,
eee rusecessto

ae.

Weaknesses: Not matter how much blood they
always looks dead. Its pallid, lifeless appearance ea
Jed by supernatural means, The effe
i thar the di

Organizati researchers of the bay
erally work in small groups, minimizing the risk 0
discovery. They keep in regular contact with
another, to share findings and diseu

inly when many
m a particular rity

2, all suds wil face

ide neil chat day

WAYS OF THE BLOOD


Ray'rE

AL-FEN

(Toreapor)

The artisan Ray'een al-Fen have adapted well to
the culture of the Islamic world, finding beauty in the
region'sart and culture since the rise of the new faith,
The bay'thas never been particularly numerou
empire, though. Ie spread across the region with the
Romans but from the purges that destroyed
most of the Roman Camites that had ventured east of
Constantinople

The survivors prospered. Their profound love of
roa art its ead on south and east as new
formmsofurtistic expression are refined. While the Bedouin
and Arahian tribes were of lle interest to them, fortheit
art was Limited to what they could carry
life rarely suits the Ray'cen al-Fen), the cities of Persia,
Asia Mince and Exvot harbor metuibers of the fuy't
recause of the nttistic endeavors of their peoples. M
notably, the sultansof Alexandria und Daaniascrs ire both
Ray‘een al-Fen. However, a fascination with the goods
buried with the Eyyptiny dead
the art last in. those

nbshavebrought the
bay't into conflict with
the Walid Ser and the

pd the re

Qubilar al-Mawe on several

Islam's transformation of th
desert peoples into city dwellers hus hiethed a golden
for these vampires, The Almuabitd Empire is the

most advanced in the world, Its urchitects

poetry
pires have Erb ischilier who are bette
able to understand and explain the new works. Thi
tenets of Islam have forced the creatian of a new art
Fen, and led to many of them becoming accomplished
scholars; calligraphy. It is highly regarded among

far exceeds thine

the Islamic
of people or
jous buildings are
quotes from the words of
wal verses from the Qur'an
Quranand the Hadith is vital fone
the finer nuances of the
{this bay't are among 1
either
oF through
alongside the Qabilac al-Mawt
ancient cultures, including the Greeks.

thin mesques, Most
inscribed with finely

the Prophet ar inspirat
Knowledge of th
wishes to unde
calligraphy. Vampire
prolific copiers of b

selves in devo:
es. Many work
he texts of

VEIL OF NIGHT

However, the
schism within the bay's. Younger Cainites, devout
Ashirra, freque fh with the very vampies wh
Embniced them. The eklers seek to protect and preserve
the works of art of the reli
of Islam. These images of almost-forg
treasured 96 2x6}
denounced asi

nples of art by
wsaffronts to Islam hy the recently
toavoid being hunted by the most ealousof the Ash
Ray'een ol Fen, who work with members of other hay't
who have also adopted the faith, A few huye even
entered corpor in seclusion, secure in the thought that
this religion, like 40 many others, will pas.

Thie fey' hive itso ts great weakness. 3)
the best art isfound in the homes of the wealthy, R
al-Fenareall oo often drawn tothe excessesaind opt

that surrounel che ealiph and other rulers across the

a om. The vice und

asure in the seriucnss
chat the tslymic creed
rarely centres leads
any Rayeen al-Fen
become debauched,
seeking new senda
that avvake «litle of
WW pasion they knew int
hays under the sin. In par
ir, the colebration of love in the stories of the Iseunie
a has many Ray'een al-Fen meddling in the
the kine. Tales of love between men arul slave
commen, and Ray'een al-Fen ofte
and more subtle means to recreate these st
and watel the tragic bewty of the tales unfold,
Sobriquet: Scribes
Appearan Fen ofte
appearance and many are stunningly b
local dards. All Ray'een al-Fen dress in clothes
mail from the finest materialsavaitable. Femule Ray'een
al-Fen often push the prohibitions against showing
their faces in public to the limit, and abandon them
completely in private:

use their Disciplines
real life

Ray'een Embrace for

mnriful by the

Haven and Prey: Haveris of bay't members ure
inevitably in che best parts of a city. They surround

themselves with works of art and have the finest calli
hers decorare the walls of their havens with say

fhe Qur'an (and from the Book af Nod in p


hoase to leave them alone to
ultured pss

k they follow.
vte, and feed
ways look for beauty
fore they Embrace her. This

fection or

otormuty. Of lace
acing those with a sk
ose with an unde

hy of writing

at nilent that needs p

for representat
anding of architecture,

ilities

resence
Weaknesses: The bay't's obsession w

y inv all its forms can surface at the most in
moments. When they encounter something or

peone of exceed R al-Fen become
inated with it. This fascination ean last for hours,

art and

STEREOTYPES,

‘The Ashierat | have no dispute with those

who choose to follow a religion thar does:not

| estrict apprécintion of the finer things. Thise i:
restricis — wine and carmality — are of litde
tnteres?t0 me, I cannot understand their artitude
cowards urtic represerntationsof people aid his-
gory, though

The Frenje They find roy much beauty in,
warftre: The arts of Battle have their place, but
thavplace fyinot here.

Bay't Mujrim: They give wy sicipecs into
another culture, and some craft illusions of uns
speakable skill. Such a pity they ure unreliable,

Laibon: Never haye | regretted the immi-
nence of the suntise as much as I did when one of
these travelers resided with me, Her tales made
the nights) pass in the blinking: ot an eyes yer,
somehow | did noe trust her. ]

Qubihital-Mawe: There gastrange beauey to
be found in their dead thes and the researches
they indulye in. However, they cannir:
the past unless they have a cae

. they Peta

Walid Sets One need to bens
‘with thishay't- They havemuch
sou but ist worth the price?

and only successful Se
breaks the reverie, Othi

the end
attention leaves their p

when the object ol

ice. While under thes
auty,a Ray'ee

woven defer i

igh wn ietaick allows

split hs
tween Ad
andde
al-Fenow
of repre
art. The
Jain for the
uenony Mu
cictyhas pushed
hay'tto the e

J teins of comms
nication between

techn
ponder ti

WAYS OF THE BLOOD


‘Wan'SHEE!

(Ganeret)

The Wah'Sheen wander the desert wastes, as they

for untold centunes. For them, unlife isa

simpler existence than it is for members of the othe:
#ingthe behuviorofthe nomadic tribes likethe Turks
und Bedouin, the Wa follow a straightforwant
path, either pottolling one urea of the desert as their
ay oF following the local cries' migrations, Many
have little truck with cities, yer some find them strangely
fascinating. While they object to the fact that so many of
heshave seithedin them, therearestill few
w size and there is much wilderness
yy revel in the easy hunting that civili-
jon provides, setting themselves new challenges by

erriortoaharlor,

nipites know the want deserts the harsh
steppes and the other wild aress of the region as well as
wanderers, They can stavigate dbroxgh
Ay identical wastes better than most
al Bedouin,

A few offer their services
cother vampires looking to travel
scmossthedesers

> 2
oN

hour the
complications
involved in
traveling 0s part

of aearavan,

Wah'Sheen tendtobe
solitary creanures for part of their unlives, often eciing for
pntact except the occasionl
sof the wild. They break up
‘casional periods—ofamonch, ayear,

cting with and
ainst other Cainites, As a result of
their isolation, however, members ofthe byt end to be
Hunt orrude in th

conversation with the anim
thisisolation with

testing themselve

cdealinysand rarely bot hen
spend time inthe citicsund to interact with
For the same reasons, few bother to hide
the animalistic deformities that they galn asthe years puss,
Felicving that each new feature better equips them for
survival in one of the world's harshest environments.
Appeanince matters little. Function is
hay! is poputous and is found
world, but the growth of Islam h
Wah'Stieen. The actual beliefs and

other vampin

cerythiny
over the Muslin
pleased the
actices of Muslims
more than those af
re risen and fallen through the

an little to them, certainly nothing
ther religions that h

VEIL OF NIGHT

centuries. isthe effect the refigion huashaad un the peoples
the Wah'Sheen ure closest to, and on the land they see as
theirs, chat bothers them. Tribes that convert to the new
religion aften ¢ settling into new towns and cities:
The growth of civilization has been rapid through all
Muslim lands. While cities arestill faraparr.the Wah'Sheen:
resent the nomadic tribes' transformation ta city-cwelles.
The bay't rakes particular pleasure in uttacking the eara
vans that travel between cities because each attack offers a

‘One group has split from the main body of the hay te
such a degree that they no lov ier these

Wab'Sheen. Theserchels knownas the Tai, haveador
Thiam ss die focus of tscir existence and consider ther

selves Musim, The group came together in fheriaand take
their name from the small prineipalitiesof the al: Andalus.
‘They remain mostrumerousthere but havespread through
North Africa into the Levant. Unlike the
wandering primitives of the rest of the
bay't, the Taifa see thagselves as
icholar-war
riorsfigheing
oly war. Many
adopt the trappings of
civilizurion, including
learning how to read and
write,sothey ean better study the Prophet's revela
tions. They have warmly accepted the ies of the As
and number themselves
Taifa's association with the hared Muslims has brought
thet into direct conflict with the rest «
battlesareasfierceasaclsh between Tail
Sobriquet: Ani
Appearance: The Wah'Sheen generally draw from
the nomadic people of thedesertsand the remaining pagan
tribesar the fringesof the islamic workd, When they bother
todressatall, it isin the traditional manner of their people
Many, asthe centuries pass, have adopted the clothes ofthe
psand other wandering tribes, Those whose Beast
nto the surface look decidedly animalistic: elements
‘of jocks, jerboa and desert foxes are common althony
few gain serper

mong its ranks However, the

he fury'. Few

J Wah'Sheen,

to establich a permanent have
thar make sense only to themselves. They stay cle t

They wnnder in patterns

an routes forease of feeding; Somemakehavensinthe


Stereorvprs |]
| The Ashirrat The corruption of settlement
merely the

fas lured riiny vampires. The

~The Franj: Is there any difference berween,
‘one faith and another? {think Sige |
tue the next. 5

Bans Hagim: They seen ta five outside the

influence of civilization an hive a simple code

thar we can understand, However, they have let

goin Gortupe them. It may, he too late for.

yh.

Bay't Majnoons A bayle chat understands
thar there 9 word pate. eny walle, and
one thut moves to different rhy . Wedo not
Juive much contact with them, but theyeould be
‘ourallies in tine of need 3

| Ray‘ uMujrims We hive teen eneatessin e
Ihefore my sire' sire cacy recall, This will nuit
ee the last vis dust on the desert:
xi

nomad his childe waits until the eandidate has

ot to hasten the end of the tribe, They
choese lonery or the dying instead. If they choose a chile
sit issomeone who has
inal herders, exploe

athe cwvilized poo
for much of their life:
we likely choices

‘Wah'Sheen rarely hav

the two aie usually identical

ferred over Knowledges. Allies,
nly Backgrounds most W:

clop the higher levels of Pr

the Tariq ¢l-Bedou

more commonly follow the Ta
Clan Disciplines: Ani
Weakness

Beasts of all

(Road of the Noma), but th
el-Habd (Road of War)

hay, Thisintimac
ad bodies. Each time a Wah' Sheen

nial fea

very five such

gpined, one of the
\\ Wah'Sheen's
\\ tributes ars
Elder haveoften lefttheir
Fuman oct fat behind

Wah'Sheen
Y Occasionally
small

travel alone, fa

from the seals of

eed your city. | will
fs drink your bi

at yon


AUD SET

CFouowens oF SET)

Members of the Walid Set know themselves to be
bbeeed apurt from other Cain Set. They
believe chat the balance between the worldsof the living
and the dead, the Maat, has been corrupted by the gods Ra
and Osiris throngh th

es, bornafth

enforcement of the

beliet

ler, thereby restoring halanc
borhuaubversive and idol

to the Maat. this
18 8 far as Muslims
puts the hay't at odds with the Ashirra

ithers.

‘Willd Setare masters of desire. They know that

need arethe purest emotions, They posses an
almost uncanny ability todiscem what an indivishualt
lusteafter. They thenexploirthat knew!
ends. An individual's happiness paves the way te cor
tion and failure, and very few victims of the Walid Sot
perceive the danger until i is far roo late.

The Walid Set claim Exypr ae their homelarad aunt
ften act isin preserve. The truth israther
liferent. The Walid Set's Ineed of insi
tion taved

cheirsol
ars manip
sploiting « person's weaknesses has never
been accepted by Cainites of other bay': who, quite

htly, fear

ust them

W confront
tions between
the Walid Set,
other Feo't and tu

nig featrwome desert

Lupines, have kept them from ever really consolidating,
theit preeminence in Egypt, Only the remotest. desert
rexions that hold their issest temples can teuly be said ta
bed some sismuch the way the Serpents
like it, Individual members of the hay't travel to che cities
(the Middle Ease rrapp
Ashi alike in their wel of seduction and exploitation.
Should one of the Walid Sec be caught and dealt with,
their temples remain safely hidden. fn the nsintime the
buy'esnccessfullypolicesthe reliesof antiquity thardotthe
nbock unwelcome treasure bunt-
ers, both mortal and! Cainite, viewing dem as unworthy
products of corrupted Maat. The legacy of E st he
protected for the eventual return of Ser hitnself, when,
Maat is restored

The influence of the ba
boundaries of Exype: The Walid

ruler and influential

desert landscape

spreads well beyond the
tbelieve their ged has

VEIL OF NIGUT.

commanded then sp world

Walid

ad his word all ov

Tnevitably, the lands that surround Euyyt se

strings of each city's political structure to theiradvan:
ge and sowing the seeds of discord that will lead co its
collapse, Attempts to infilrrate
lead ro conflict with the Banus Hagin, its visier caste in
ar. While the Walid Set often have the eds
politically the viziersare able to use warriors andl sor
to heel che corrupters' power hase. Fi
two buy't are vicious, cuct and deadly
The buy't follows only ane grid: Set hitnself The idea

ofsubmnission to the gexdof Isham isas ridiculous
16 their wonhip of Ser fs blasphemous to Must

Ashirra have little or no tolerance for th

whom they viewssinners ofthe worse kind:

likenothingmorethan todestray thebay't. The Walid Ser
ane just as hostile
to the Ashimn
viewiyg bh

strict re

he cittos nf Persia have

ment of its
followers as an-
other example
of the binding
‘upsetting Maze
and causing the
stay unbalanced
thira who fall 1 the cortupter's
imachinations are viewed ats another major step tomar
oration of Maat
In recent years, the cha
truce with the
only a tnatter of time before the dominant yaar caste
decides totum its eyes to policing the Walid Set once more.
Sobriquet: Serpents
Appearance: Walid Set ure typically from
other parts of North Africa, although a few have bee
Es Inprivate, they dress:
slic fewear resist
porating Egyptianelements' ‘clothing. Ritual
disfigurement is very common, especially in North Africa.
Haven and Prey: The Walid Set like theit fairs w be
deep underground, Cavers will do at 4 pineb, bur they

achieved somet


mmonin Esp timewo
arrange to have these structures built
settle
nen do
{the end of
The
id Set refer wo their by
vens as temples and dk
with hieroghphies as
it Nessing- Many

sien live in the

Setteed off the servant
Wwisors

hey are phottin
serves the dual purpose

their sire be
nismade }
them. be makes:

loyal service before the

largely Egyptian, With its
atealy spread, andl the lor
¢ of retainers from

Jouins, Turks and the
eae mcoiea site. f
he hay'

ter Cr
atures like

tic. Innowaror,
aasterand Tyrant re
common among the
while members

opt whatever De
suites them at

STEREOTYPES |

‘The Ashiemat They do mike me high, these
Ashira. They follow a religion that is younter
thaw innny SPahem iF they seek alation-thete
they are fools,

"Phe Franjt They ine dhe ences Maat,
seithoue dubs They baad dhe weed inhi chains
of fords and servants. They emanate allowed to
etry sich ideat eres tn tev we wil beak them
egervin their owt lands,

‘AbAmin: There is strength i numbers. In
isolation, there He weakness. Once the l-Amin:
‘etn dart us Now thoyafelitle move than
sijoke.

Baalis Whin' live, Ind a child wha Would
ligh iseles ohinoasters dare tel He
Fecame an sclul, Mnybe the Baal will become
doling or maybe they will cull tike whipped ehil-
deen.

Bade Higims Thole vises'nve our qeanelt
Spponéits. For noiw, we havea truce dnd we work |
Soeicesc tarnbastestae Pail Was Ua
done, we will know enough about our "allies" to
Ting thei to cis Enees

‘Qabilatial- Mayet ; Tempe vliem with a secret,

"thes wil ris'Seh, 106; sooner ar later:

[i and they will come running into your temple.

their agendas, while Talents Il prove extr
useful in the service of Set. are few Serpents w
the Retainers Ba pat haawe Herd unc Ee
‘ence as well. All most rebellious Walid
Set follow the Tariq el-Hayya (Road of the Senpent
Clan Disciplines: Obfuscute, Presence,
aps because of, th
xe Walid Set are pati
it. Double the dice
they suffer from any exposure to the
he WalidSeccalldeirluiverssternpes
rellgion, based on
<cepesreputesttobehandead down tom Serhimse!
dest Serpent itt the temple makes the role ut high priest
lid Set has the
all artempt
This source of both retainers ar

THE BLOOD

owes we

> ad

7

—z


THE FRANJ
CEUGROPEAN
CLANS)

To the ¢
alien
strange

world isan
ame hay't seem
ominal clanmates, with different
ideas of what it means to be a Cainite. Indeed, most
European Cuinites believe that the Banu Haaim (whom

tes of Europe; the Ishin
place. Even vampires: he
their own

they call Assamites) are the only Islamic varnpires, as

those are the tales told by knights retuming after the

first three Crusades.
Two of the Casnite ch

Europe have yet to 0

e their presence felt in the
Muslim world and a thied és strugeling to regain what
litele presence it had. This situation will not last, ant
Middle East 9s Clans Lasombra and Toreador did
beforethem, They have no intention of adapting rothe
local ways, however.

VENTRUE

The Ventnic have neverbeen cont
East, and the expansion of Tana in the last few cencuries
has driven ont the few that still had havens here.
The clan gained a strong presence in the Middle
East centuries ago as the Roman army steadily «¢
juered andl subjugated the region, As Rome spread
wuewards, so too did the Ventric
es, In North Africa were
fed but who were eventually
fan entire civilisation, fis Egypt,
ct undermined, seduced and destroyed
Venture ill prepared for the talents of Sespents who
ne thetr skill East, they
we might of the Bana Hagim ly
came to respect the fierce wi
Easter bay't, Little did the Ventrue realize thar the
viciers pf the clan were responsible for iat
problems they ficed inintiuencing mortal

Te wastiever an easy pr
the Brujah, who tes
aetheeo

those cities, Petsia remain conquered by the
mans — the Ventrue of that lofty empire never spread
ut far into the Middle East
Indeed, in the few centuries they were able 10.
otublish a foothold in the region, they never really
ns between the bay'tand the

og with typical Buro-

understood the distine
clans they were related to, ass
pean errogance that they wer

pm be their downfall

VEN, OF NIGHT

‘ofthe Ventrue itt the regic

eto be governal by a trinity of

Toreador, V inh Ts » level of power

sharing that the Ventrue would never have tolerated
been stronger.

declined, so did the pow
Constantinople ©

Thenaseemingly insignificant new religion spread
among the peoplesof the Arabian Peninsula in amatter
ofddecades. The Arabs united around this new faith and
strick outwards ina series of amazingly successful
cam thar lead to most of Persin and a. good
partion of the Byzantine Empire
With them came membersof the eastern bay 'rwho had
aserious ru wt the Ventrue from the cent

of Roman occupation, As each city fell, Ashirra and

wee members of the bay's hunted down eich

ing European vampire, Some were tok to retuers to
theic homelands. Those who were Embraced in the
Middle East were give
the invade
more import

2 hefrire them,

the choice tw either submic to
fave Ine out. May chose 10 flee before
arrived, reasoning that their unlives were
taking a stand against a relis

no doubt pus, as so many others had

Ironically, it is only in Arabia itsell —in the heart
new faith — that a line of Ventrue hay tn

pted Islan. The El Hijazt trace their lineage to pre-
in Ventruc long separated from the main European
That yulf has only widened with the cencuries
hohl sy saneas in Arabia
weathers af the Local Ashitra, but they
re hardly mumerous und are closely watched by the
Banu Hagim and the Hajj. Other areas also have small
communities of Ventrue of Byzantine or Roman stock.
softhislineand hasadopred
der to placate the Ashirra in hie domain. Hix
is fleeting, bur Suleiman thn Abdullah,
and the other elders of the Ashita sect se him as a
Useful buffer against the Walid Set. Antonitis feels the

that wou

Finally, European Ventrue are present in the Holy

J, having came during the Crusades, With the Latins
pushedtothecoast their lot isprecarious, hur they arestill
present and clamoring for anther Crusade

TREMERE

The Tremere ste coming. In the tw
since they became Cainites, they have
themselves across Europe from the northern re
the British Islesto Italy and Constantinople. Now they
have a toehold in the Middle Fast. A few Tremere can,
be found in Jerusalem, ostensibly setting up a mercan-
tile concer. They are merely the advance
wholesale push into the region.


The Usurpers have two reasons for coming to the
Middle East, First, they aine pu

w they call them). Their systematic pu
Saulor's brood has lead them to follow escaping refue
gees into the region. The interference of the Banu
Hagin provented ther from following the refugees

Aicldle Ease immediately. They weren't ready
to make an enemy of another clan. Afterall, not only
was the Banu Hagim possessed of some astonishingly
skilled warriors, hut « few of the hens seemed t«
wield their own version of blood sorcery. The clan had
enough on its hands countering Tzimisce kolduns with-
uit getting involved in another magical contest. The
Tremere withdrew and bided their tinse

Still, they were intrigued. The Inner Circle of the
clan is now aware of the potential of the region tor
revealing new sources of magical power, thanks to the
encounters with Bane Hoxgita
sorcerers. They might discover secrets there that they
could use in their battle to establish themselves among,

childreti and to protect themselves from the
plentiful enemies. From the relig
Zoroaster to the mysteries of the lon;
civilization, the area is a veritable treasure tre
rnystical secrets, if only they can be obtained.

The Tremere do nor have the ability to influence the
Causales, so they continue with the mercantile front,
establishing rmdiny houses any Peninsila, A
high- wassador, based in Constantinople, ws
sent to emtablish relations with the other kay't. Tremere

braced more for their ability to spy than

in the cities of the Islamic

muse they are not the magic-wielding monsters.

of the refugee Salubr's stories, they are nor immediately
recognized for what they are,

Rumorsare spreading that the elan hasestablished
achantry somewhere in Egypt, with the tacit assistance
of the The alAmin are finding it difficult
toconfirm this story. Fat too difficult to reassure them,

Tzimise!

Chan Tomi esn't get out much. Th
in their castles, lording over their domains in the
Carpathians, Their childer are kept from straying too fat
from home by powerful blood oaths nd a general affinity
forcheirhomelandsthat thewholeclan shares Those that
have made their way into the Lands of Isa are akmont all
related to the Byzantine Timisce andl have been driven

ve some crime. Usally very bitter, they establish
bokwted havens for themselves in the mouncains, in
Paredy of their homeland, and prey on che tribesine
theregionshelow. Theareasaround their ha

clan's small number

4

comalessit

reputations and are avoided by caravans ain won
tribes. This makes unlife extremely difficult in. those
sparsely populated ateas, leaving many exiled Tsimisce to
slip in and out-of torpor, feeding only when the opportu
nity presents itself,

Tariqa: ONE STEP
FAWEAD OF THE
BEST

Forall their difference
Cainites of the Muslim Empire creatures of
darkness and blood like their European cousins. Even
the most devout Ach tly hold herself
agininst those manent

in culture and history, the

in check, guadit

pain whe raw lust tor
nttol, Like their Christi

navel Givin Mus

set of ethics by which they maintain their reason ist

timesof temptation. [tis no surprise that the: the

roads — these monsters walk are fundamentally the

me as those in the West, owing to their common
avicestry, but the particular ways a Muslin views the
erent iinleed.

path she walks are often very di

TARIQ E

-BEDOUIN

CRoap or THE Noman)

In che Western world, Cainites whe follow the
Road of the Beast surrender themselves hody and soul
to theircamal appetites, instinet
‘They cater to the Beast's every whim and thereby
deprive it of the overwhelming power of repressed
pressure, These Franjaare often animalistic and antise.
cial, staking out a hunting ground like a wolf o¢ a lion
and attacking all that trespass in their domain.

In the Muslin world, the Tariq el-Bedouin grows not
from a desire to abandon reason but simph to refute the
trappings of a decadent, settled lfexyle (best exemplified by
the *Abixesds) and setum to the simple stmightforward
existence af thedosert tihesman. A Muslim varnpite follow
thistighceanehebelievesthat the indolenceandseductive
Tancuries of pakaces and cities weedkens an indivichul's sel
ddéscipline and nial courage. Ratherthan sufierthe countless
distractionsofanightly existence fllediwith myrialentertain-
ments, the vampire seeksa harder, mores
‘eamprying his ming ofall sive the moment-to
lenges pened by the wiklemes,

A vampire on the Tariq el-Bedouin disdains the

pverting reason

mis concelts. Fine clothes, speawling

WAYS OF THE BLOOD.


ansive retinues
inapired by cowardice. Th 4
eitherdefeatsher foe or isdestroyed, She wastesno time
e them to see them th about negotiation: mise. Her be
There is only one response to adversity " cme i aighetorward —
with fw courage and cunning. These vampires are con- —_hearrof the matter rather than waste energy in debs
driven to test their bravery and their abilities, Thisdoes not mean that such ipiresare not cunning
accepring any challenge ani the opposite, Deception and misdirection are
and respected tactics when they succeed
sand Uischuin the servant vals Bedouin Cainites seek out sources of danger and
am. They prefer the night-to-night inst which to test their heavery. In the sand
here there are no. guarantees of this:meandlia Hilo
shelter orsustenance. They believe this sharpens the wits
ind keeps the mind constantly occupied, thus ay
theriskscflowering the we ways hearkened |
in fire worship, testing their resolve by
pulling he coals froma fi iercing themselves wich
not tosay that a Bedouin red-hot nees i mcr amid the
unity is stil a race Cause e1 pampered noble to
fallowtheRondoftheNomad forget his past life and pretend that the world s simpler
"from theirsoft livesof indolenceby than jt is
rescuting a oper example of Islamic viene. Therenctsoi this
AC 1 the Tariq el-Beclouiny is decisive tof clans, finding adher
impubsivens ferring to go with het
Y given situation rather than think the

Hierareny of Nomabic Sins

Minimum Wrongdoing for Rationale
Conviction Roll

Choosing reaion over instinct Thought leads to rele ception.
Accepting help from others Seeking aid shows Weakness

Wearing fine clothes or jewels The slightest mark of fuxury stains thé soul.

‘Owning more gooxls rharvone can cary We do not barter strength for baubles.

Maintaining a permanent {air We maw hens the <hifringsands, ae Goch intended
Majncaining arétinue ofservants A strony man'does his own labor.

Settling down ina city Stone walla breed weakness,

Breaking one's word Que pod svust be fike toon.

Refusing toraccept a challenge We prove due wipmth by oie victories.

‘Showins comadice in the face of a challenge Death is preferable ro fear

VEIL OF NIGHT


pursuit of this car, and ery to turn childer frou the
path whenever possible. The constant focus of a mo:
‘ment-to-moment existence leaves little roora for the
contemplation of Allah. That being said, therea
instances of devout brethren who still ascribe to this
road, hearkening back wobetter times when the ‘asabiyye
ofthe faithful wassufficient tonvercume any challenge

ed. These faithful are often

cir city-bound kin, even as poets lave

HE-Control, Courage
tu the image suggested by
ittathe Road ofthe Nomad
js, and his weapons are

at Mustinadhen

wears plain bur well-kep
often heirlooms simple appearance but high quality
Often these vampires learn the skill of animal hi
dling, or bind a riding mount to them through the
blood, forging a powerful bond herween beast anid

Roleplaying Hints: You are bold to the point of
recklessness, supremely confident in your abilities and

# back away frosn « chal

wi es tu conilaty saul
most

cens. Be blunt and straightforward in yourdealings,
andexpect the same from those you treat with, Giv
one respect or trust unless he earns it. Certainly, one
Jay your luck will run out and you will likel
end, bugrisks make a man strong, and Pini
preferable to weakness.

Quote: You call thar « volley of arvones? It is but the
lazy buzzing of bonseflies. 1 will pluck them from my shirt
like saddle burrs

TARIQ EL7 HQ

(Roap or BLoop)

The Banu Hagim, whose clan origi
East and still has its roots in the mo

ated in the
tains of Asia
Minorand'Tr oweat least some small part of
their current cutlook to Ishin, whose tenets of self
control, self-reliance and reli

‘sdiscipline and duty to its masters

Followers of the Road of Blood are taught that

clan, is the one ancient

who understoadl the place of vampires. The various
other descendants of Caine ane largely corrupt
have stolen Hagim's gifts. They bring shame upon hi
with theit ¢ word anal deed. Thus itis the
duty of thos yel-Hiagiin, as loyal followers,
tokeep the unworthy in fine andslay them ifthey bring
shame to Alomur and Hagim. They consume the:

usurpen' Mood, returning theirstolen powerto Hagin
Thisdury demands theut
and thus the road emphasizes strict self
rigid code of ethics similar in scope to the laws of
Muhammad the Prophet. The Beast isthe siren call of
spiritual and intelli
without exception,
The Road of Blood is the philosophical underpin:
ningofrhe Banu Hagim, although my
of the clan follow it Ieisespecially c
wamoreaste, especially themost radical fact
These same factions are those most fascin
in its c ni expressions, x0 the flew of the blood
‘of Haqim and the Islamic jihad have been merged in
any varnpiric minds, Thishas placed the Banu Haqim
the front lines of the fight against Christian
pites ir Palestin
The association of isk

nogantadd ow wrthy,

weakness, and nist

all the membe

n also means that Ashirra are
Tariey

Hagim: Banu Hagim and Ashirra elders have debated

length astowhethera devout Ashirra isany kes wo

's Moc, especially s

thy of
many prominent Bans
redewout Muslims. Ae both groups share many of
the sime philosophiesand common goals, itisnet uncom
amon for Ashirra and Barty Hagin to refer 16 one another
n" and treat one anol as brethren, at least in
Sui, both groups zealously protect their ini
vidual narures, each side fearful of being subsumed by the
other. So far, the opposing forces of comman philosophy
versus conflicting ideals has resulted in an equilibrium of
soats. How longthis balaneingactcan continue, however
noone knows
les persist throughout the East uf yanipices wh
have no connection atall to the Banu Haim clan yet
choose to follow the Road lood. Some claim tohave
tumed to the to converted! hy the ward
ordeedsof other Barn Hagim, though Hagin' follow
ers treat such individuals as craven, layers whe
simply seek to justify theie own sanguinary ambitions.
‘Some vampires, however.claim blood line:
the same as any Banu Hagim, bur the
outlook of the Road of Blood di
the clan. Quite a few of these rogue diableriss sce
themselvesaspn the world
spread of vampirisin, taking the blood of Cuinites who
have proven themselves "unworthy" due to their ac
tions or beliefs. Others believe that their birthright has
been stolen by ¢

after being

ss somewhat from

he uncheck

1en viewed by these self-styled
ntsas Hagiin's cra ther), and it is their

to destroy any vampire and cake back their legacy

Regardless of their individual perspectives, these ad:

herents universally hold themselves te a standard of


self-discipline, courage and honor that would be wor
any Banu Hagim, much to the chagein of the

ollowers of the Tariq el-Hagim of-
yctional clothing. Hagim was

humble warrior and so must they be. They
to lslamic clothing conventions, although women on
the Road of Haim ate less prone to wearing veils,

shout uncovered and s0 do they.
ition, Self-Contral, Courage

Roleplaying Hinter You are dour and sober, con
cemed! with your divine duty and focus! on constant
vigilance and self control, Even when your mission isto
pass unnoticed amongst mortals and. other vampires,
there isalwaysis part of your demeanor that is cold, quic,
and calcubiting, Unlike the popular (mage of Islamic
warriors, You are neither rads nor impulsive, and prefer a
|, considered Course of uetion in all things. What is

the rut of beg mmorzal t'you cannot take advantage
of patience! Always actin a measured, sletermined mane
net, with no word or action wasted.

ote: Hagim guides my hand and directs the course
of my heart. 190 nen plead wo me for mercy, Cainite, plead
tohim, if he can hear you

Tarig EL HARB
(Roan or War)

Among all of the world's major eeligions, slam is
the only one that, almost from its beginning, tied iself
tw conquest and the might of the sword. Every male of
noble birth is expected to ride well and know how
fight in order to defend the women and children of the
faithful and smite the infidel. Theculture of the empire
places very specific expectations on the shoulders of
the Islamic warrior, strict codes of conduct that serve
soldicrly Cainites in their nightly existence ay they
fiphe (o resist the excesses of the Beast.

The Islamic Tariq el-Harb differs sharply from its
Western counterpart (the Road of Chivalry) in several

distinct areas, pointing out sharp differences in the wary
that Mulime make warnrnl treat adafeated foo Likes

European knights a Muslim wartior is expected t0
protect believers from their enemies ot those who
would interfere with the practice of the faith, Likewise,
he is to defend the honor of women and children — off
the field of battle. When fighting an enemy household
or clan, rhe Muslim warrior isexpected to perform with


almost reckless courage and utter ruthlessness, putting,
men, women and children to the sword if cis the will
‘ofthe general in command. Likewise it isullowed, evens
Inuded, when warriors make use of deception to place
the eneniy army ar a severe disadvantage, some

oath, there isnoturning back for the
d regardless of danger or personal tisk.
(On the field of battle, he: must fight like a min pees:
sessed, heedless of his owen safety. It isnot the warrior's
life o lose, hur Allah's, and He spends it in whatever
rnunner most pleases Hin

Once an enemy surrenders, however, the expecta
‘ons of the warrior change almost completely. He must
‘geata vanquished foe with the dignity and respect fitting
their station, Prisoners of war can be taker as slaves by
victorious Muslims, « ransomed
fuck to their homes, Ifthe vietims don't have encugh
money for the msom demand, the hostage is to be
released anyway, for pity's sake. A foe in battle iemeantto
te killed far the glory of God, bur a defeated foe is to be

treated with all courtesy, in the hopes thar one day he

might yer find his way into the ranks of the faithful. He
must be allowed sanctuary if requested, and trested Like
family, even though the dy before he may well have tres!
To kill the victor. Ieserves no purpose to divell on things
that might have been, or to agonize about deeds past, The
warrior only looks ahead to the next butte, and hopes
awequit himself well,

The follower of the Tariq el-Harh gives free reign
to the Beast amid the slaughter of the battlefield,
leave it spent of strength at the end of hatele, when
merey is required by God. As a warrior, he ts always at
the forefront of the fyghting, always the first to volun:
twer for the chirye thar scatters the enemy or topples
the fortress gates. He accepts the fact thar there are no
rules whatsoever
must be capabl onder to tr
including wets cry and deceit, This appa
dichotomy is not acknowledged at all by the Muslims,
who regan the nractice of both extremes as purely
practical. As the Holy Quiran teaches, all things —
heaven and earthy body a

are a matter of balance.

wis recoynizes that he

TS an (has


The Tari el-Harb is
Islamic Qubilat el-Khayal, but a
diet-scholars af th

militant vanypires of the W
clans. More than afew Banu F evote themselves
the Tarig el-Harh as well, still diligently pursuing
heir duties 16 Hagim but also finding release in the
the battlefield. Many Ashirra on the Tariq
el-Harh consider es devout Muslims. Rather
han carning theirreward through diligent observance
Qu'nan, they instead choose the hi into
Heaven, fighting battle after battle in the name of

kis and the
nd Murasharid

Allah until at last they fall and are welcomed into
adise. Mote reflective Ashirra look askance at this
josuphy, concerned that the Taria el-Harb seduces

believers into thinking that they can expiate nightly

of thelr foes, whether such
This continues to be a

sins by bathing in the ble
violence ts justified or not
Source of tension hetween th pnaliet
nit factions of the sect, at a time when the empire
neds holy warrtors, ea
Virtues: Conviction, Self
Appearances AdherenestytheTariqel
the finest robes, In battle, they wear armoc of the highest
quality, reflecting the hoards of plunder swan from the
fallen. Their swords are the best they ean acquite, and
show signs of hard use and me
Roleplaying Hints: You area warrior, so be adevil
on the field uf hattle —cold, calculating, brutal. When
swotd is sheathed, however, be calm, compewsed
id rational. Makea special point of dealing with your
{ respectfully, Iris a matter of
protect the ir
defenseless, und ta show a de
kindness, Tre ude and foes equally, fe
your actions alone that you are judi
Quote: 1 an n All al-Rashid, the champiim
ctihe
fern in Hell

Tariq &

(Roap or HEAVEN)

Itisnosmall thinygtobecome moxisierand still seek God.
Inthe Wes thisisapth fraagh

wo spread the faith.
WC

artdressin

sulows care.

great per

vith penlandicondcams

bucinthe Idamnie worlditisscceptedthareventhesupemsanural
mupe soll acknenpledge God and worship Him. The follower of
the Tarig el-Sam'elingstathe reveltionsof the Prophet ancl

« slancesthe raging eke Bes
vunofuskeable faith,

The reachings of Islam emphusize that life is to be
lived in balance, acknowlesiging all aspects of physical

withnightlyprayerand

VEIL OF NIGHT.

existence and the various urge:

prone to, L

at an indivi
like Christianity, which emphasizes strict
denial of "bases" instincts, Islam says to erubrace them
for they are God-given and just as mucl a pare of
pecsonashiseyesorskin, Thechallenge isto keep these
feelings in balance, and allow them only in mode:
rion, for evil lies in excess. Thus, the adherent w this
tarig does not resist the Beast when it stirs, bur allows it
nlemterehease, reining tin when the urgesthreaten,
to take control entirely. Wounded or starving Ashirra
think nothing of taking whar they wish from their
mortal servants, or soothing frayey! nerves and sha
tempers by huntinwg the eity sereets fora careless infidel
ometimes the heat of the moment is tow stro
cone of the faithful must die under the
and claws — asin, co be sure, but us the Prop
said, Allah does noc expect more from a man than he is
capable of, including eestraint. In this way, much like
allowed to build to an intolerable fashion and cause a
les of control.

The Tariq el-Sama'isof course the chosen path of
ihe Ashirra, the sect of Muslim vampires founded by
Suleiman ibn Abdullah, and most of the sect's renets
(discussed in Chapter Two) are part and paregl of this
path. It appeals ro individuals. from nearlp'all the
different clans, however, The Ashirra hold no preju-
dice against any clan, regardless of ancient animosities
or elder politics, though faith in [slur hay caused

conflicts of conscience in the past when
ud himself ordered to tak
1 by Islam. The holy Qu'ran syst
Muslim child to have parents whoa
‘Muslim sire-
tostill respec
obey their elders, except in cases where their wishesare
explicitly forbidden by Allah. Then it isthechild'sduty
cor rick damnation, and this isoften the source
conflict that an adherent must fice from
night to night

This tang also places 9 0 if restrictions on
who pire tay fed from, and who they
are allowed to Embrace. A Muslim vampire shoukd not
feed from a

often

rer co the
point that the person dies, or js too weak to perform
theirdaily prayers. Mealy, Musica vampires should not
con people at ull, but take their sustenance from
this rule is not strictly
slim vanapire should not Embrace an
unbeliev che mortal is on the verge af death
This is ble hecause it allows the recipient
another chance to turn to Allah and find

animals (exc

enforced. A


from adoy

mily the chibde te
the Embrace is not give
the judi

bar also any immed

hind. Needless to

by Muslim. vamp
y are call r

brings mort

frequently m

-¢. Exceptionally virtu

Ray'cer baleen te quenely Emb
Cainite's charms, while Qubiat el-
en known rouse subtle machinations
their Embrace. Despite
that if

mbrace someone badly enough

kt
compel es

hey find a way to justify it
the blood path is alle
it is a form of slavery, wh

ble, hut hardly desirable
‘fh Muh, J

preached a slave their freedom ts an
charity that can forgive many yreat.s
1s of expiation for
anting freedom to

reat offense against
thbounid servant

belies
may take. Sufism, an es
HL establish

a thy of the

tury, is based
inv all people and

with God through meditation an

‘eturn
static rituals, Suf
vy anid pnsennng an

her

un Cres
f

Jon of the region

nv rituls of
following a v
and expiating their sins th
He-cutila
wence, Self-Contra
Appearance: There isi
xumq from a typical Muslim —

Dheranciy or Sis

Road Minimam Wrongdoing
ow for Conscience Rell

10 © raiting to perform any of the five daily priyers

9 Failing roactively spread the faith co unbelievers

Falling to perform an wet of charity

Enbecing an ints

Purchasing 1 slave

Stealing

Breaking an oath

Murdering the faithful

Slaying pilgrims

Turing from Islam to worship idols

=
|

Gains Heaven

Rationale

Constant contemplition of God Is the foundhi-
tion to surrendering oneself to Allah,

Avis the duty of the righteous to spread the word
of Allah.

‘The righteous Mustinn shares his weal: wich thie
community:

{tis not fitting to share oar blond with tinbelievers,
Mohammed preached thar all slaves shoul be set free:
Thefi, even from infles s eben

Allah abbots oathbreakers
Every ruc believeris 4 child of God.
Pilgrims are sncrosenes,

Apostasy i the only unforgivable sin,

a

WAYS OF THE BLOOD


appearance are well-kepr, for Mubammuad insisted on
Cleanliness asa yesture of respect 1 Allah, Wornen cover
themeelves from head to. foot but proudly walle about in
public, in defiance of Arabic custom but ity compliance
with Iskamie law

Roleplaying Hints: Be thoughtful, compsed andl
rnoxlest at all times, doings nothing toexcessand keeping
the teachings of Muhammed foremost in your mind,

Five not t9 let personal or political situations came

between you and your duties to God As the Prophet
‘wished, show respect and courtesy to JewsandChrisians,
asthey are People of the Book, and try whenever possible
toshow an unbeliever the path tw redemption by accept-
ing Allah as the One God.

‘Quotes There isno God bu Allah, anul Muamnashis
Proper

Tariq EL-SHAITAN

CRoap or rin, Dewn>

Some believe that once they, hivve lost all hope of
redemption, thereis hothingleft burtowelcome the Beast
- The followers ofthis dark road reject artemprs to limit

their appetites and instead devote themselves to honing
thom. The Beast is now part of their soul, and they draw
power from it, turing it from 4 ching of pure rage to a
subtle, devilish thing. A pretense of salvation is the worst
kind of se-delusion — even a fool can see what awaits
vampire should the: i Death one day claim him. Ie
would he stupid to waste days of freedom and power on
pointless illusions of morality and decen

‘The Road ofthe Devil doesnot restrict the Beast. In
imanywaysitisthe Beast, inal itscunnitig sehuctivegkory.
Vampires on this tarid rome themselves an the hest that
‘the workd has to affer to keep the inner devil satisfied and.
in check. Gold, slaves, power — nothing is too ostenta-
tiousor tooextreme ifiewill kep the Beast fara asleep
These vampires understand that the choice is between.
beings cunning devil or «mad dog.

Each individual flower of the Tariq el-Shaitan
pursues diferent sinsand pleasures. fact awverthe course
of thetr ualife, ance gov ong acne pe lik der 00
keep the Beast satisfied. After years of seduction and
murder, if may mke slavery sind torture to sate the inner

devil. Early in their unlives, many devils surround them-


selves with the very things thut their society forbids,
reveling in their freedom from the constraints chat theit
peers confine themselves with. What is more, they ace
tively ui subvert the virtues of those around them,
comrupcing them with gifts and honeyed words, until they
are powerless to resist their dark n

Some follawers of the Tariy el-Shaitan go
way 10 seligious worship of Satan or other dark
Elder Baali, who honor the peimondial demons they
call the Children, subscribe to this variant. In Europe,
they would be called infernalists. In Muslim lands, they
are sdolarers: ‘also seen as enemies of the faith. This
pleases the devilsin theirunbeating hearts
them power and control.

Let others play at morality. They do nothing but
doom themselves

Virtues: Conviction, Instinet, Courage

Appearance: Followers of the Tari el
of decalence. Everythi

cess, because they must please themselvesand their
Beast. Powerful moral authorities can force thei to
poowe thein interests ia seceet, but dhey still prefer rich:
cloches, makeup andostentatious jewelry. These
maintain large retinues of servants, particularly ansar,
hoth assigns of excessand.asa ready supply of flesh tosate
their impulsive desires. Their lairs ore often large and
‘opulent, and very well defended.

Rolwplaying Hints: The whole point of being a
vampire isto exist above the law, and those who can't
see that are only hurting themselves, Sate your desires
by any means necessary and evoke that same self
indulgence in others. There is no greater joy than
seving a self-righteous va reduced to a sturling,

wurdcrous beast. Of course, atious display of
degeneracy isideal, hut thanks to the hypocritical
of the Ashirea and Istam's mortal watchdogs, such
image is often nacdlesely dangerous. Cunning and
subtlety are crucial, allowing you to move invisibly
among the unsuspecting moralists. Become adept at

ception and seduction, using your charms to ingrati
ate and disarm strangers, and find your way into the
confidence of those in authority

Quote: Taste it. Goon. Have younotaluays wanted
to? What & to stop you? Goxl? God ism Heaven. He
longer knows you exist

Tariq e-CMMa

(Roan or Communrry)
Many who receive the Embrace are unable to hold
to their beliels in Heaven and Hell, whether through

and yives

elven frien cult fv

Jhosen on the bass of luxury

hitrerness and horror or simply because inn ty
makes a belief in the afterlife seem pointless. Losing
faith in God any God, mast neonates unsettled,
parc they had led a devout life previously. The
Beast wears away at their soul night after night, and
they find themselves grasping

foundation to keep them s
holdsany promise for chem, itis possible to at least hold
to the basic principles of humanity as a way of keeping
pites who do se follow
nanity; in Istamic lands they follow the

Unum, the Road of Community

concept of moral humanity is not far
removed from attitudes in the West: A moral person
ration, is humble and respectful of her
able‘and compassionate
theneedy, and isserupulc
dealings. Unlike
Taig el-Limma

slavesorto
hhonestin all her business
it the other Islamic roads, the
volvesstrict denial of the Beast. The
its excesses at bay by reinforcing
nt behavior, particularly in
Auslio community
Followers of the Tariq el-U
firmingthetr hasic natures through acts af kindnessand
compassion, much like their European kin. Often th
seek to protect and help their mortal neighbors in
secret, aul intercede (when possible) toright injustices
cor see the guilty punished. Purchasing the freesiom
slaves ts favorite act of communal charity, as ts

wre given to reat

donating surns to Local hospitals or universities. Infact
many adherents to this trig balance their bestial n
tures by contributing to the spread of knowledge

healing throughout the Islamic world, becoming pa:
trons of community institutions, helping to build
mosques (even if they don't believe themselves) and
donating books te schools, Followers of this tariq im
merse themselves in the needs of others is thoroughly
asposibleso asnot to arouse theselfish appetites of
Beast. They deny their true natures by becoming

human — or more human — than the aioruls they

share their city with. Often they go to pains to lead
public lives of civic virtue. openly seeking the admira.
tion and praise of the commu:

their damned natures. fall the Cainitesin the Mus
work!, the follawersof thisuanig do thelr best to di

their monstrous habits from mortals andl ever ther
selves, drinking hot blond from a cup of, in extreme
eases, chewing raw mi

remains into brass bowls

ancl delicately spitting the

Adherents 10 the B
among all bay's but are particularly common a
Amin, Mushakis and Ray'een al-Fen. Of

of Community are present

SAP Ee ee ia

=


sof this iy sire most wel

Roleplaying Hints: Yousredriven to look b
rely, yourselfund to help others where you can, b
eae
na view the Ast stran
themselves, and many of ts
Ashirrs cities benefit f

Ashirra communities, boob

souls who have lost their way sion to others (es

the Tare!

affirm your basic deceney. Try te
half of those why

gest interce
na solid alliance between the

k out the soariny
Islamic sect und the ad

this ara.
-¢, Self-Control, C

Asiwith the Tariqel-Sama'

uish the axtherent to the Tariy el-Ununa. They
we to Jook as much like everyone che a
ner of dr

the most
wortal. M
vote much of your ©

clinging tothe n they m:

heir Embrace, ¢ you

forward to adopt orp you, sir, Take the ge
actively seek stenificant r nmunity infor repatyment — in the future, when you see sor

th ond be chee

sitio par eed

Hicrareny or Hasan Sins

Road Minimum Weongdoing Rationale
Score for Conscience Roll

Drinking blood tron moral Civilized people db nox prey upon thei fellows.
I>. iden eves i Deda Ic is a divi dury to provide for the lest fortunate.

| 8 Failing to take pare it w'community proiéer Ie is a mark of civie virtue to devote energy and
resourees 10 the community as a whole.

Failinie to pay the yearly tax All citizens owe theie illegianee to the caliph

‘ind the community.

6 Pailing to adope or provide sanctuary to. ‘Compassion and generosity benefit the community
mortal friend in need ea

Falling 10 defend che commiinity in times of peril Bach citizen must pledge to procecr theit fellows
in fies of danger.

Abuhitig one's servants

A responsible citizen cares for those in his
possession,

ible power sa sacred trust:

Abusifig one's authority inthe community
Murdéring one's neighbors
Intentionally evoking the Beast

(A citizen's frst duty &to proeect one's neighbors.
(Civitizmion is the universal desl of eur baver

VEIL OF NIGHT


OTHER RoAbs

While Muslim ety
distinctive interpretations of the Cainite roads most
ften followed in the West, there are some paths 1
remain the same, ne matter what the location «

iling culture, Bay't Mujrin, te Qubilat al-M

and the Walid Set have philosophies that predate the
relatively recent rise of Islam and stand in stark con
usliny heliefs. They seem as a
‘vampiresas Islam does tothe Caiites in the West. The
adherents of these tariq comprise a minority. but a

nificant <i mpires across the empire
{most numerous are the Walid
heardand is

ation has engendered itsown

nist 1 Islamic

et, whose ancient
Muslim possession). They are teeated

some case

"Arum CRoap or Bones)
of Qubilar al-Mawet haunt the shad.

owsofancient ph «Islam, from fabled Es

an, quietly pursuing their arcane st

regard for politics, religion or C
intrigues. Though there are quite few Islamicscholars
who eventvally found themselves among the ranks of
Quabilac al-Mawt, the very nature of their esoteric
pursuits make petry differences like culture or religious
belief largely irrelevant, mere theories with no more or
less value thun any other. Adherents to the Road of
Bones pyroue their studies in quiet isolation, and fs
lamic vampires qre content to leave them undisturbed,
ifthey notice at all. (For more on the Read of Bones, see

Clanbook: Cappadocian,)

qj wie ELHAy yA
CRoab oF Tite SERPENT)

The Walid Set practice # religion more ancient

Islam. worshipping their progenit literal
god. The Tarig el-Hayya is this re controlling
mi channeling the Beas tarouzh faithianed holy works.

The tenets of this faith honor brural self-reliance and:

even self-gr: ion. Civ To the
Walid Set, society is a great trick designed to enslave
moar and vampire alike, and it must be swept away
Subtle, quict decay is th ath to that revolution.

Unsurprisingly, adherents of the Road of the Ser
pene have litele love for Islam or the Ashima. Islam's
calls for submission w Allah, attacks on "idolatry"
the worship of Set, and grand civilization-are all black
Setite perspective. The Ashiera retutn this
seom equally of cour

Nevertheless, the Walid Set nel the
Cainites they convert to the Tariy el-Hayya
found ways to survive amid Isl They are reputed as
cormupters because they find th rk wants that bubble
up in those whocall themselves civilized. By prow
slavesand drink, plensuresand vices, they make a pl
for themselves. Even the lofty Ashirra need their
vices. (For more an the Road of the Serpent, sce
Vikellue Sanguinis 2+ Wolves at the Door}

sins from a

other
have

Tarig ei QUID CROAD OF PARADOX)
The Mujtim trace th
yampiresof this clan of rricksters havea long tradition
of wandering through Persia, Arabia and the Holy

Land. The Tariq el-Tanaqud is practiced no diffe
inv the world of Isham th
aand many Cainites regard trickstersas both a chal
and an amusing diversion amid the Muslim e1
oon temperance and sobriety

This isnot to say thar there has not been friction in,
the past herween Mujrim and communities of Ashirra
Devout imams have railed againse the trickster
tunmpitude and delight for discord,
on campaigns co drive them from their cities ina
‘manner that would cause most W Princes to nod
in roeful sympathy part, though
especially in ancient, decadent Persia — the Mujrim
come and go-as they please, accorded a measure of
respect and tolerance: they do no joy in Europe
or elsewhere, (For mote on the Road of Parudox, see
Libellus Sanguinis 42 Thieves in the Night }

pstodistant India, and

nywhere else in the

and have embarked



hapter Five:
leggings of
the Snithful

Deitis VWOho created youtomdust
thenfomasiall lilegers, thenfror
@ clot then Be brings you forth as a
chil® then that nou many attainnour
moatucity, then that nou mia be ofd
-andof you there are sorme vwoho are
caused fo die before — and that nou
mary coach an appomtted term, and
that you may understand

— al - Quran, Surals 40 67


nlife, in the Is! orld is very
thar in the Christian Europe of most
The Dark Ages chronicles. As such, this
chapter provides a wide range of information and
arended co aid players and Storytellers in
ing Veil of Night chronicles

CHARACTER
CREAT ION

in Veil of Night chronicles, Cainite

tall, share many'skills and abilities with their

and so use the standard rules

from Vampire: The Dark Ages. The demands of a
chronicle in Islamic lands are, however, substa

tially different to those in Christendom, with

radically divergent social, environmental and eco:

nomic circumstances. The follawine material
provides advice for playersand Starytellerson creat

ing characters suited to the chronicle rather than
hanics for doing so.
but thes

rules

LiFe AND Deatu
Who characters were beto
ajor role in their existence a

game i mechanies do

¢ are supgestions mther than hart

their Embrace plays
Cainites, Consid.

erations such uy sex, ethnicity and age are very
important in governing where a character, mortal or

c ite, fits in larger sociery. Consider such issues

carefully and use your decision
if traits. Use the follow:

to shape the choice
formation as a guide in
eters or consult the sample
concepts that ape: n page 154. Th
concepts are not set in stone, nor are they the only
wt Veil of Night chronicles,
but rather should serve as aids for character creation,

Erunierry

character types suitable

The Islamic world coversa: massive area, from the

Atlantic Ocean to the Arabian Sea, and from the
‘Caucasus Mountains to the deserts of Ethiopia. Euro-
peans often group the people of this region t
acknowledging the «
while texlonal differences
cordoba, while speaking Arabic and
practicing Islam, is likely to have little in common
with 4 Sufl in Baghdad. The Islamic people ure not
homogenous — racial and cultural difference
imporvant role in the region's social dynamics, For
example, the Isl have long telied on
troops drawn from che social and geographic fri

VEIL OF NIGHT

ether,
n rraits of their Islamic

ion, exploiting the skills and temperament
ss civilized members of vociety (to the social
w). Thanks to theie skill and merit, how
1, these fringe groups gain considerable influence
in milicary and political circles, in effect jot
teplacing the lie, Conseiquenty, Turkish aul Kurdish
warriors play a major role in society, dominating the
Arab people seen by the Europeans as synonyms
with Islam. Despite this, the fretions between the
ips can play major role in chronicles,
ween the charactersand
outsiders, Depending on the outlook of the individu
als, mistaking members of one group forunother (for
example callinga Berber Moot) can bring dangerous
ing more subtle (and insidious) among the
Cainite population.
Theprincipalerhniegoupsin the Islamic workd are
* Arabs: The Arab people form the core popula
tion of the lands of the Middle East. There are several
distiner groups within the population, the principal
divide being between settled population and those who
Practice a nomadie lifestyle. The term Arib' means
tent-cweller though this epithet applies nly wo the
nomadic peoples, the hadaut or Bedouin, yho call
themselves the ahi el beit, or "people of the tent." Arab
dominance of Islamic affairs encied in. 1059 with the
defeat of al Basasiti by 1
* Berbers: Many (bur by no means al!) Berbers
follow a nomadic lifestyle. They occupy North
rica, the lands known as the Maghrib to the Arats
(the "lands west uf the sun"). Call

paps ws

wz themselves the
when (free people) they comprise u numbe:
customs. Pethaps the best-known Berber group are
who have their own distinet Language
Phoenician,
Like the Turks, the Kurds play a signifi

vy of whom have distinct

cant cole in the Islamic enilitary whieh tmuiny have used
to gain influence in society and forma military elite
Salabs al-Din is th eof this Kurdish elite which
manifests today as the Ayyubid Sultat
* Moors: Together with "Arab," the word "Moor*
isseen by Europeans as synonymous with the Islamic
people. In truth, the Moors are a hybrid people of
mixed Berber-Arab or Berber-Iberian descent. They
by Africa and Iberia
sianst Once the culers of the Midule East,
franchised

wund themselves disen
the rise of Islam, overrun by Araby
initial conquests. Despite this, they


remain an important parcof the tslamie world through
the presence of the cafiph in Buyhdad
© Turks: The people of Anatolia, the Turks have
achieved suzcrainty over large ares of the Middle East
and become the ruling class of many nations thanks to
theirpeominence in the military. The Seljuq sultant
ence dominated Asia Minor and the Fertile Crescent
red their empire to decay and, ultimately, be
rown by the Kurdish Ayyubid sultanate under
Once a tribal people, many Turks have
abandoned rheirold ways, though some nomadic bands
maintain the traditions.

Se
As they de

» Europe, men have # better hoe in the

and both the Qur'an and shana contain

society

ole in

society and seeking to safeguard them from corruption

Some work as domestic servants or as entertainers, but

theseare the poorer clements of society and wealthier

ait home, after. i 9

the harim. When

mien Wear veils coprotect

lly accompanied by male

ne quai (judges) feel,

this istoo much freedom and angue
females should remain in the home at all times.

The Qur'an and shari'a

rights aNd detail the basic eq

same time, however, they

women are expected to ren
dedicated women's area of the he
‘outside or in public places, w
their moxlesty and ane
relativesar servants. Some h:
however, thar

antee women some
ity of the sexes. Arthe
a number of

to divorce more
ply toagadi

before

ny number of concubines) fa the

ixivantages such ats allowin
easily (women need good cause
while

Wwitnwesen), llowsinge a auate
(and
evidene

absence of certain restrictions.

nites are less likely to feel themselves bound by
such prejudices, bur female characters still face addi-
tional challenges in a Veil of Night chronicke. C
Disciplinessuch us Obfuseate (or thesthrsitual Mask of
Allah, p. 164) offer a way around some of the restrie-
tions, though such a brute-force approach is risky and
Jimited tw specific occasions. Instead, female charac
Tessinight travel with maleserwants, most likely ghouls,
or with family mombers (mortal or Cainite) to avoid
the stigma ul being a woman alone: Assuch, the Allies

and Retainers Backgrounds are Very. important for
female charncters.

AGE AND GENERATION

na portant
of Night chrooil

people react toa character, or how the characr
toothers. Muslim society

, governing how

nds considerable respect
to elders, particularly parents, and this extends into
Cainite society. Asia general nile, a
extends his sire — a new parent in al

‘considerable respect and likewise h
lower generation. This does not autornitically tr
late to the characters liking each ether, hut i does
mean thar older vampires or those uf lower generation
an expeet cespect

Agemayalso playssignificancralein thechanucter's
outlook. In Cainite rorms, Islam is anewre
that marrer is Christianity) but much has happened
since ists der vampires may recall life before
the teachings of Muhammad took toot and the Iskanic
forces carved our vast empires, perhups coloring theit
‘opinions of the faith. Likewise, younger Cainive:
be influenced by the
Janus, perhaps favs of the groups that have
fallen f ¢ like the Fatimid caliphate or the
Seljug sultanate. in theria,Cainites may favor thelon:
fallen Umayyad caliphate or the Taifa emira
emerged from its fall

REuGion
Religion is the most contentious issue
Islamic world and a fact central to, Ve
ehiranieles. Society fivers Mi and mi
fersin Veil of Night chronicles are likely be of the
Islamic faith (at least nominally), but this need not
be the case. Islamic society tolerates other religions,
amattinity with both Judaistn and Chris
tianity whose praceitione es
‘Peoples of the Book." This is not to say, however,
that Jews and Christians are treatedas equals
aren't — bat th

Islamic vamp
ost every

ts thowe of

on (usfor

they
€ presence is an accepted part of
are 50 than Jew Muslims in
ope. Non-Mustims living in an Islamic region are
led dhimmd and are expect to pay a fizva (yl tax)
ye, 40 be yaid personally, Adkliional
include not using

ames, not possessing arms, wearing distinctive Cloth
» living separately from Muslin
pect forall Muslims. Even within the Islamic faith
there area number of factors that should be consid
ered. Though open conflict berween the Shiite and

andl showin


Sunni factions isa
such a

especially while the Franjpose
lor relationships
different groups.
As with other forms of discrimination, C utes:
less likely to be ligion. Many
Jer Cainites n the days before Islam and
Christianity and are thus not swayed by such L
ters. At the opposite end the scale, others, notably
the Ashirra, have thrown themselves wholeheare
edly into the new faith. Relations between them and
Jess committed members may be strained.

Arasic Names

Arabic names and naming conventi
sharply fr sed in Europedu
Every individual has a personal ni
onds to the first
persion and includes

hreat, many frictions ¢
between charwcters belonging to 1

‘oncemed by r

ps differ
ne called an ‘isin.
This corres
es such, as ;
ied Mayen. asad (pa
hisha (descriptive) or  lakab (epithet) is usually
appen
Nasal are ibn for "son of" and bine for "daughter
Thus a character called Murshid whose father
Id be known as Murshid ibn Usama
shid, Usama's son) white his sister Sukayaa
bint Usama, ln the mortal world,
te co the fath
variety of subjects, usually rel
riot oF place of

Jo this

was Usami we

Hisba cover a
red ro the individual's
prexample, F
ad would be Fizas al-Baghihadi while Ja

builder would be Jamal al-Ammar. Lakab are
descripive epithers, usually relating to-religiony a
penonal quality or a physical feature. Examples
include abd Allah (serv: al-Rasim (the
smiling) or ar-rashid (the rightly guided),

esidence

nt of gexl)

It is impolite to use the ‘ism, except betw

close friends, and instead a

Th
‘name of the eldest son (or daughter if there are no
sons) ina manner similar to the nasah, Abu means
"father af," cans "mother of." Thus
Rush's Abu Rashid, while his

ild be Om Rashid
clements are ofte
pound na

These various
combined, resulting in com:

that dwarf those used in Europe. For
Abu Rashid 3
Ibrahim al-Baghdadi al-Kare
fathe
great ur

Rashid, son of Faysil, grandson o

Caine Names

Cainites in the Ashirra sect adapt the mortal
practice of thenasah to reflect the close relat
with their sires, symbolising a severing of ties to the
mortal world and their new associations in the
Ashitra. So Habib, the new childe of the Ashirra
Musa, becomes known as Habib ibn Musa, even if in
mortal circles he was ealled Abu Muhammad
Habib al-Asim. Problems arise, however,
where the sire is female, as the only cuse in the
mortal world of using a female name in a nasab is for
the prophet Isa ibn Maryam (Jesus, son of Mary)
This discourages the most devour Ashirra from using
a matronymic nasah, at least in ce

their lineage
A few Islamic Cainites use the kunya with re

Amin would b
and

gestures of respect or esteem fora favored childe. In
Inost eases, however, the Ashirra regard all childer as
‘of equal importance, irrespective of their order of
creation or gender. The only consistent case of the

of kunya is the Arabic nan
Abu Lazar.

Noa-Ashirra Cainites with Arable name
ally & me guidelines, although the strong
tie to the sire somet grates on them, These
vampires either maintain their mortal ni

hishe to reflect their new status.

RIES

for Cuppodocius,

ral part of any: chronicle
working together
ends. But why should they
holds the group together
cal and religious differences (not to ment
tivaliies) can easily drive the Cainttes apart. P
ind Storytellers may wish such frictions to play a
part in their chronicle, but care should he taken
ensuresuch mattersdon't domi
them to). You should take a n
account when creating cha
time with the other player:
and composit

(unless you want
oF issues inc
ters, spending some
wo determine the d
ric. This cun take
on, tailoring the
acters to the coterie oF vice versa

1 of the cot

before orafier ebaracter er
Some topics you may want to consider include
© Balance: Does one bay'r dominate the co

Do all the characters follow similar concepts? A

chronicle focusing on the conflict with the Fray)


‘Men's Names (‘ism)

Luagaman
Mahmud
Mansur
Mavdad
Mubarak
Muhammad
Murthid
Musa

Nader

Naf

‘Nasir
Othman
Qulir

Qasit

Radi

Rafi

Rashid
Ridwan
‘Sabah

SAMPLE IsiaMic NAMES

‘Women's Names (‘ism)

Aliyah
Ant
Asiya
Banah
Bilgis

Ghaythah
Halima,
Hnwwa

‘jliyah
‘Inan

Jada

Javairia

Layla
Lab
Malak
Maimunal

Maryain
Mallia

Nadrealy
Naima
Num
Oabihab
Quribah,

Rabab
Raia
Raymn
Rusa

Sadat

Men's Names (‘igm)

Sid
Salih
Salim
‘Shakir
Sulaiman'
Tahir
Tammam

Women's Names (‘isn)

‘Ulayyah,
‘Utbab
Wahshiyah

Zaynab
Zulaikbs

Men's Honorifics (lakab) Meaning

Abdallah
Abdal Khayr
al-"Asiy
al-Basim.

al-Batin
al-Hallfioh
ak!Mayjidah,
an-Najla
ar-Rasha
al Zoynah

seryant of Godl
‘one whi hoes good
the protector

the smiling

the decisive

the conqueror

the lion

the generous

the sensible

the advisor

the rightly guided
the child

Meaning.

the chaste

the smu

the caprivarinys
the pentle

the glosigus

the wide-eyed
the young gavelle
the hewuitil

the blue-eyed


perforee favors warriors, while one dealing with the
politics of Damascus or Bag

«courtiers. The nature of the chronicle may sha
the coterie or vice versa, depending on Storyte

| player preference.

* Dom What is the vampires' influence?
Are they the principal Cai
or do they defer co a higher authority? Do they
operate in fixed area, in and around a particular
town, orare they nomadic, as pilgrims or wa
the faith? Do they operate openly within the
time community ordo they hide from the establ

thoritics? Pethups the characters are rogues with
links co 4 group like the Banu Sasan (see The Ashen
Thief. pp. $5-57) or they may simply be Ashirra in
a region dominated by the Franj

* Leadership: Who. Isther
acknowledyed leader? Does the caterie operate in

ads the corti
istence ofa patton offers many possibilities for the
chronicle but may also places some limits the chiar
Independent cot.
of actions but say Fin

acters' action es have
considetable freed chem
selves isolated in the convoluted politics of the
Islamie world

* Raison d'etre: Was the coterie formed f

down

‘orto patrol the frontiers of Islam? Does it still pursue
its original mission or has it evolved over time? f

any cases the reason for the alliance is short-live

such cases, frictions between characters n
strong. Where a group has stuyed together for along.
ume, different social ome to the fore,
regulating behavior within the group and limiting
membership, These can incl
conduct und me

elaborate codes of
bership rituals. Individual charac-
rie need wot like each other, but
of respect and und
ordet. Of cours

standing exists to main-
introducing new characters to:
SaGGESTED CONCEPTS

The 1s! i W
conflict and ambition,

ld of Darkness is a place of
of inerigue and religious fe:

vor. The follawing concepts are starting poi
character generation, providing the basic Ke

framework for characters suited 1 a Veil of Night
cle. These are not complete characters br
+rreaay -tunle backgroundsand motivations wit
tions fur Traits. You still need to make d

and assign values,

VEIL OF

Banpit
Every society hus someone like you lurking in its
Jerbelly and livingof the work of others. You care

little for the laws of the land, only for your awn prof
and well-being. Pechaps you were a turar (pick-
pocket) who robbed co stay alive, who did it simply
forthe profit or even sought to strike back at corrupt
Not that ir m

s much since you we
1 old life are nothing
compared to the concerns of immortality, Still, old
habits die hard and you are constantly on the
out for new opportunities to line your pockets. You
new Disciplines auld whole range af possibilities to
your thievery, overpowering or intimidating your
victims. or perhaps slipping past them unnoticed.
Recommended Clans: Bayt Mujrim (Ravnos),
Bay't Mashakis (Bruja), Wah'Sheen (Gangrel)

thonugh the Tariq

al primary, Mental second
ary, Social tertiary

Abilities: Talents primary, Skills secondary,
Knowledges tertiary

Recommended Abilities: Alermess, Dodge, Lar:
ceny, Melee, Stealth, Subterfuge ~
Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, (
Resources
Mamiak

A Turkish
learnin

e-soldier, you spent many years
the arts of warand are now betbat killing
ne. At how n horseback, you are

ng the best the Islamic world has to offer, living

the clash of swords and the glory of buttle. Born
‘an outsider, you converted to Islam during your lie
asaslave and sw the truth of His will, Freedand abl
to choose your own path, you worked for one of the
many shaykhy or perhaps even for Salah al-Din's
army before being chosen to walk the night, Ein:
braced for your mix of martial skill and fervor. Whi
the Franj remain a threat to the holy places of Istom,
you will be there to bear them back, a warrior for
Allah and righteousness.

Recommended Clans: AL-Amit (Salubel) wir

Banu Hagim (Assamite) warrior, Bay't Mushakis
(Brujah), Wah'Sheen (Gangrel)

Recommended Roads: Tarig el-Harh (Road of
War), Tariq el-Bedouin (Road of the Nomad)

Attributes: Physical primary, Mental second

), Social tertiary

on foot or


Abilities: Skills primary, Talents. secondary,

Knowledges tertiary
Recommended Abilities: Archery,
Dodge, Melee, Ride, Straregy
Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Herd, Re

MercHant
Commerce is the lifeblood of society, movinig
gous, ideas and news around the known world, You

Brawl,

loved the business of buying and selling, constantly
traveling 10
markets. You led trade caravans to the very barders
of Taugast, deuling in exotic goods and meering
even stranger éreatures, earning rewards and envy in
measure. You know people across the civilized
world (and beyond). Though your circu
changed since the Embrace, moving

acquire new goods and exploit new

sleeping in covered wagons or caravansaris
you continue to travel and renew these con-

cts, You are a trusted intermediary, a provid
goods and information that you barter for favors
among mortals and Cainites alike.

Recommended Clans: Bay't Mujrim (Raynos),
Qubilat el-Khayal (Lasombra), Walid Set (Follower
of Sex)

Recommended Roads: Any

Attributes: Social primary, Physical secondary,
Menrgl tertiary

Talents primary, Skills secondary,
tertiary

Recommended Abilities: Alerness, Empathy
Etiquette, Melee, Politics, Ride

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts,
sources, Retainers

Puysician

Civilized? Pah! The Europeans are barbarians
with scarcely the first idea about engineering or the
seiences, You studied medicine at the greatest cen
arning in the world, in Andalusia or the
ast. putting your skills to good use in the
nst the Christians. When you were with
Salabal-Din'sarmy, ye any lives with your
knowledge and also saw firsthand the Fran) idea of
healing, the amputation of limbs where a simple

uultice would suffice and the boring af hules
skull to release devils trapped therein, Horrific!
ir fascination with the human body and its work-
ought you to his attention and resulted in your
Embrace. You view the transformation with adegree

of detachment. The suspension of the natural order
intrigues you. You now haye a long time to study it

Recommended Clans: Al-Amin (Salubri) healer

pilacal-Mawe (Capp:

)

Recommended Roads: Tariq el-Limma (Road
of Community)

Attributes: Mental pr
Physical tertiary

Abilities: Knowledges primary, Skills secon
airy, Talents tertiary

Recommended Abilities: Acadetnics, Empathy
Herbalism, Medicine, Occ

ocian), Ray'een al-Fen (

y. Soelal secondary,

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Herd,
Influcnce, Resources

Sart

While others sought Allah (praise his name)
draw near to God, You left behind your old life t
1 spiritual awakening and to feel His love, ak
staining from those things that could bring sit ¢
perfect momentof His
fe renurning to the world, or maybe you will
a away from che world aft
Perhapsit was yourdevor
ng your quest
tet with Him. The Embrace hasbrought you another
ong the tariq, heightening your senses
allowing you to reach higher planes, but it has also
brought new challeny Thecravings
for blood and the constant howling of the Beast are
at times unbearable, but you know that should you
master them, you will truly know Him
Recommended Clans: Banu Hagit (Assamite)
sorcerer, Bay't Mushakis(Brujah), Qubilatel-Khayal
(los
Recommended Roads: Tarig el- Suma' (Road of
Heaven)
Attributes: Mental pe
ary, Social tertiary
Abilities: Knowledges primary, Talents second
ary, Skills tertiary
Recommended Abilities: Academies, Alertness,
Empathy, Herhalism, Occult, Theology
Recommended Backgrounds
Generation, Mentor

your experience

yn that attracted yoursire,

enlightenment and con

ssf you to tes

bra}, Ray'een al-Fen (Toreador)

ry; Physical second:


"AUN

You are a successor to the Propher, learned in.
the Qur'an, the sunnue and the shari'a. Unlike the
Shiites, who place thetr faith in imams to reveal His,
will, you know that the truth lies in the books. By
interpreting the wordsof the Prophet, you car iain.
tain order and morality within-the community. Your
chool may require strict adherence to the Qur'an.
and Hadith, ot perhaps you are allowed a degree of
leeway for petsonal interpretation. Either way, you
are a leader, an urbiter of figh, the way of life to best
obey the will of Allah. Your role in the community
has declined since your Embrace, hut even Cainites
require arbiters of the law. Though cursed by the
demands of blood, you revel in the prospect of an.
immortal life ro study the Qu
ing the definitive intes

‘an and sunna, creat~
retations.
Recommended Clans:

(Lasombra), Qabilat al-Mawe (Cappadocian),
Ray'een al-Fen (Toreador)

Recommended Reads: Tarig el-S:
He Tariq el-Umma (Road of Comt

Attributes: Mental primary, Social secondary,
Physical tertiary

Abilities: Knowledges pritmary, Talents second.
ary, Skills tertiary

vad of

cademies, Empathy,
(Shari'a), Politics, The-

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Influ:
ence, Mentor, Status

Vizier

Be you high or low, youplay an important role in
ensuring the ma

nery of state tuns smoothly, In
| prestige and built a web of influence

the true po nd ssanipulate
desires, prompting
mut for favors. Since your Embrace,
your power has grown, bur you find yourself bx dio
new masters, required toadvance theagen
bay's, Still, ll thar means is

ture to climb

it according
many toseck you

of your

ne more power struc

You enjoy a challenge
Recommended Clans: Banu Hagim (Assamite)

vizier, El Mijazi (Arabian Ventrue), Qabilatel-K'

(Lasombra), Qabilat al-Mawt (Cappadocian), W

Set (Follower af Ser)

Recommended Roads:

VEIL OF NIGHT

Attributes: Social primary, Mental secondary,

tiquette, Expression,
lership, Ling ubtertuge
Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Contact,

Influence, Retainers

Warnor-Port
They think that warriors are muscle-bound mo-
rons fit only for the shedding of blood and visiting
horrorson the enemy. You prove them wrong, dem
onstrating that valor and culture can go
nd-in-hund. Both the sword and the pen have
their place in society; those foes you canmot cut
down on the hattlefteld you assassinate with we
Yourskills are eq sd rounlife as they wer
al for your works.
+t Mushakis (Brujah),
al-Fen (Toreador), Walid Set (Follower af

Recomn
, Tarig el-Umimna (Road 2
Attributes: Mentul primary, Physical second
ary, Social tertiary
Skills primary, Knowledges second.
ary, Talents tertiary
Recommended Abi Etiquette, Expression,
Linguistics, Melee, Music, Ride

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Herd,
Resoure

New Traits

Though Veil of Night shares many features with
conventional Vampire: The Dark Ages chronicles,
the following new Traits
depth and flavor 10 your games. Some of the abilities
presented here are have appeared in other products
but are presented here for ease of reference, in many
Japred to better suit the Ishamic setting

New TALEN

EXPRESSION

You are a practiced speake
entertain and to get your point across. You undee
stand dramatic principles and can project your voice
tothe farthest reaches ofa crowd, making your views

rig el-Harh (Road af
of Community)

able to inspite and

known and conveying mood and emotion, even if


feigned. The higher the rating, the better your skill
and the larger the audience you eon *work." Truly
shilled oracors can whip a crowd into frenzy or quell

an angry mob. IF literate, you can write poetry and

Novice: You
stuttering.

aan speak in public without
Practiced: Peoplenodas you deliver your

Your visitsare the highlight
ason in many villages.

Expert: People come from far and wide

to hear you talk.

Master: You could briny tears to the eyes

of even the m hardened imam.

seeeee Logond:Peopl

hail you asanew Prophet

Possessed by: Poers, courtiers, imams, military leaders

Specialties: Acting, poetry, fiction, lmpromptu,
conversation, oratory

YEW SKILL

STRATEGY

You havea solid geasp of the military arts, thanks
to experience on the field of battle or extensive
schooling, You know what is required te train, equip
and lead men inte hattle, including knowledge of
small-unit tactics and whar is required to manage a

full-sewle campaign

Practiced: You cam hold a by

Competent: You could command a
huttle effectively

Expert: You possess a solid understand
ing of

Master: Warriors ery you name
Legend: You are Salah al-Din or Richard
the Lion-hearted

Possessed by: Soldiers, mamluks, officers, lords
Specialties: Open-field, sieges, mobile, defensive

New AND REVISED
KNOWLEDGES

ACADEMICS,
You can read and write

hematies and philosophy, having at

tended one of the numerous schools that dot the

Islamic world. A high rating indicates you have

attended one of the prest
Cordoba or Cairo. Wit
Academics, you cannot

. Dabbler:
oo Student: You write well and hy

wis sehools in Baghdad,
tat least ane dot of
read or write.
You ean read and write,
nicling in the basic knowledges.
ned: You have read the great works
ni del comps
Fistarle abi
Scholar: Ye
the great schoolssh
Savant: People come from far and wide
to consult with

rative merits

could easily tench in one of
lel yout ae decide

nary: Aristotle was a child. com:

pared

Possessed by: Imants, ‘ulama, nobles, courtiers,
Specialties: Mathematics, calligraphy. metanhvs

ies, grammar

GroGRAPHY
maintain extensive k
coples gained through tra
know the
theie pe

ledge of lands and
1s oF study. You
ofthe land, the habits of the people and
n. You do not, however
you have the Lin
quistics knowled
. Dabbler: You know where Baghdad ts.
oo Student: You know the principal trade
routes )indean lead acaravan along them.
Learned: You know the difference be
tween # Frank and a Norman.
Scholar: You have traveled far and wide,
to the lands of the Frany and the Rus and
to the borders of India
Savant: You know the habits uf the people
of the Sudan as if they were your own
Visionary: You have been to the edge
sed with the Giants
Possessed by: Academics, merch

Specialties: Nav
Law GSnarrad

In the Islamie world, law is inextricably tied to
religion, the Quran and surna. Isla
vlving, with "wama and in
Book and rendering judgments. (

knowledge know what is and ist

18, nobles

ion, cartography, castors, ley

nic law isstedily

s interpreting the
eters with this

ind what the punishments are for infractions

INGS OF THE FAITHFUL


The link between theolugy and law is so gre
that understanding
e other. Any character with the Law ¢
knowledge is assumed to have the Theology (Ist
knowledge at two levels lower and vice versa.
dubbler: You understund the major is
sues of the Lave
Studene: Ps

Learned

yple respieet your opinions
ighbors come co you for ad
village or row

a leading figure in the
called upon to render
judgments
Savant: People come from all over the
texion ty seek your opinions on the
Shari'a
Visionary: Advisor to the Caliph.
Possessed by Militiamen, ‘aaa nobles imams, aah
Specialties: Inheritance, marrige, diimini, jus
ments, punishments

Linouistics
A Muslim character is assumed to speak his
native Lin, xc as well as the common Islas
tongue, Arabic, For each level of linguistics, you:
speak another language, and your fluency in each
improv oy understand the structure of each
can identify accents and have a chanes
understanding phrases in languages relared co those
you know. For example
Hebrew can possibly: a
another Semitic language.
Lingutities does not automatically canter the
scad or waite in that language. Ye
one dot in Acadlemies before you

Tnguag

a character who knows
wand some Aramaic,

tannc have sa Heist
an dso,
. Dabbler: One additional language
Two additional
Learned: Three additional lang
Scholar: Fou!
Savant: Five

Vistonary. Eight

Possessed by: Travelers, scholars, diplomats, in
tecpreters

Specialties: Technical, diplomatic, grammar, political

TreowoGy
Theology plays a ¢

werning the daily rout
fers have a basic. understand

Most char:
theological

ters bur few have a deep understanding of the

Qur'an and sunna,

VEH. OF

The link between theology and law is s6 great
that understanding of one confers some knowledge
of the other. Any churaerer with the Theology (Is-
lam) knowledge isassumed to have the Law (Shari'a)
knowledge at two levels lower and vice vers.
. Dabbler: You know key passages of the
Qur'an.
Jent: You lead prayer sessions among
the faithful.
Learned: You understand the intricacies
of the Prophet's teachings,
Scholar: lmams seek your council
Savant: You have been invited to preach
in Mece;
Visionary: Many see you as the leading
light of the faith.
Possessed bys ‘lama, im:
Specialties: clam, Christianity, Judaic, horney

New Discreuine Power

AINTED Oasis CALNiMaAUsM LeveL Six)
fers of Bay't Mutasharid, the highly predatory
Nosferatu of the Islamic world, use a variety of
animals to aid them in their hunting and in relaying
messages, The most loyal of these are oafhbound
ghouls, bur these monsters have alse learned of ways
to taint natural eases to evoke strength and loyalty
in the animals whe feed there. By mixing their vitae
with the preciousdesert waters, these Vampites breed
servants from among all the creatures who drink
there. Although the blood creates sore loyalty, tes

not en

more
System: The vampire taints the deinking water
with the equivalentof six points of blood, The player
rolls Manipulation + Animal Ken (difficulty 5)
Each success taints the spring for one lunar month.
res have no special effect, buta hotch indicares,

ns, Suis

wh to create a true blood oath or turn a
into a ghoul.

that something in the oasis is especially resistant
the vampire's blood, Assun
feed there rej

ing success, animals who
Hurly during the affected time grow
unnaturally strong and more loyal to the yampin
whose blood they are imbibing. The Storyteller ci
represent this in variety of ways, but increasing the
ial's Strength and Stamina Attributes by one
dot-each and lowering all the player's Animalism
and Animal Ken difficulties (when dealing
affected beasts) by tw:
feeding ata tainted pool also passes dn some
Cuinite's predatory nature, though. The

ts a good stare. Proll


can portray predators thinning the local herd need-
lessly and herbivores in constant challenges for herd
dominance. The Storyteller can also judge thar the
effect fades more quickly or that more blood is

needed In the case of especially large oases.

New Meatrs AND Flaws
ypuional. The

it decide whether these are app:
chronicle

Foxoce (-yr. Fiaw)

Though Isham frowns on vast
ings, gelded men play an important role in Muslim
society. pa ly as Aarim gu

lsostaves, th
thetr freedom and rise to positions of high
Their condition is, however, associated with slavery

and even free eunuchs suffer the +1 diffi
fier on Soctal rolls with. nonslaves.

males, Eunuchs haveaceess co theharim, the women's
section of wealthy Muslim homes.

Ave C-pr. Flaw)

Slavery (s an accepted part of Islamic ¢
though the Q
Muslims (slaves who convertare not, however, reed),

we usually well treated and may have consid-
‘oysstaves). Freeing slaves

Ja virtue under Islam, allowing many to

liberty. Thete is no stigma attached to

being a freed slave, though those still bound toa
master suffer a +1 difficulty modifier ory Social rolls

Ay always) Merits and Flaws
Storytelle

with pons
Apostate (- on 4-pr. Fiaw)
While welcoming new converts with ope
[sam condemns those who turn from the faith to
join Christianity. Judaism or other religions. As an
apostate, you have arsome point in your life strayed
from the path, either forcibly in lands occupied by
the Franj or for your own reasons, Even if you
subsequently sce the wisdom of His teachings and
retum tw the fold, you will find yourself discrimi-
nated ag

The two-point version of the flaw applies co
point lofe the faith but
he fold. You sufte

ny Social tests with Islamic

racters who have at so

repented! and returned tc
+1 difficulty penalty in
characters wha know of your apostasy (+2 if the

version of th
Muslim faith, most like
or Jew. You suffer a +2 difficulty penalty its any
Social tests with Islamic characters who kriow of
your apostasy (+3 ifthe other character iy devout),

worshiping as a Christian

Bioop Mapwess (2- or 4-pr, Fraw)
Thecurse thar the Baal laid upon th
the Banu Haqim has fallen on your head, anal you
plagued with an unending hunger for the bloc of od
nake a Self-Control roll (difficulry 8) oF you fall into
hunger frenzy in which you will do

warrior caste of

pthinyg ogee upon
as much blood as physically psible. If you follow a
that tenches Instinet, ye
no roll is possible and the Flaw Is
often find f thinking of other C
Brana Hogi tial vessel rather
Ths Flaw i anda
warrior caste. It is much ea
iers, only affecting those who have purtaken of
ac or who spend the majority of their time
associating with warriors. Lt is virtually unknown
among the other bay'¢

eh four points. You

among sorcerers and

Reticiols Promrrion
- on 1, Fuaw)
You have retained your faith through the Em:
brace: As Islam probibits tasting, lec alone drinking
blood, this cre
animal blood is a forbidden substance,
conscience pricks whenever you feed
At two points, you voluntarily restrict your feed
ing co animals or Mood that has beers drained by 9
her. At four points, you retuse to feed
unless it is an immediate necessity (lod pool is

res'n- moral dilemma

you. Even
ind your

three or less), and even then you may fall vict
p and self-loathing for several nights af
inact

dopresst

the forbid
Oarspoken Diu Geer, Fuww)

You are not member of the Islinni
remain a staunch advocate of your ov
(Judaism or Christianity) in contra
sharia. This places you in ad
theaurhorities who wou s
you fall into their hands: You may be a cru:
in Islamic lands or you may be a nat
Middle East, like an Anatolian Che

faith and
religion
tion of the

SSINGS OF THE FAITHFUL


Smur Cstamic
Bioop Macic)

a openly recognizes the existence of magic
nst seeking the aid of
sorcerers. To do so is to demonstr: lack of faith
Allats, who is the only absolute power in the
universe. Similarly, those who practice magic, pare
cularly in divining the future, ate
Hi
barring them

ct and illus

wre called stir and seen as harmless (though srill
afr or unbelief). Magic used to exploit
people or to cause harm is referred to.assorcery and
shunned by the faithful

indicatin

Th some Ashirra, however, who:

1 form of magic they believe to he in li
Allah's will. They a

cers, what they practice is

that unlike mortal sor
a innate ability linked to

Allah's will. To the faichfu

Hood magic thus avoids the proscriptions on

use (unlike Tremere Thaumaturgy, which isa fusion
of the hermetic artsand blood magic and thus kar).
Many nonbelievers hat this is semantics andl

¢ ninth Century. Rumor hi
th the mysterious Ah

jue al- Hajjiin

od. What is more

Hagim, including Khalid al-Munis, a prom

vol that clan's sorcerer caste. Together,
and Tarique developed the paths of shy, its strength
originating ith ws with
power of h ins the greatest

he caster's
hood. Tarique re
prictitioner of sihr; followed by other Hajj such as
his own childe Mazen ibn Tarique, A handful of

Hajj Ashirra and s«

¢ Banu Hagim sorcerers
practice this form of magic.

VEU. OF NIGH

Ing all shy paths and rituals work in
much the same way as the Thaumaturgy Discipline
For path powers, the c load point to
activate the power and n ndicate
tion roll (if ation roll is specitied, make
Willpower rol
mine a successful casting
permanent Willpower point). Rituals w
cated below. In addition, the faith require
sthr oblige all practitioners to have a score offAt les
five on the Tarig al (Road of Heaven) oF si
he Tariq al-Unima (Road of Community) and
ea Theology rating equal or greater than th
the power of ritual they seek to use,
ifts of Faith (Hedayat Iman) and Gifts of the
(Hedayat el-Qulb) are the principal sihr pa
he Ashirma also practice versions of the Cr
1 (Grits of Flame or Hedayat el-Nar) and Re
Tempestas (Gifts of the Wind or Hedaya el-Hat
‘Though superficially similar, sihy and Th
are not compatible; the rituals and pow
incompreh

processes required co use s

ters with
p matter how devout
c. Thanks to their

the Thaumaturpy Discipline,
not learn Ashirra blood

s, however, practi
ay learn sikr powers and rt

Sorcery do not sit comfortably with the mo
Istamic tradition of the Ashirea. An As

corer suffers a +2.

using shy powers


ners of t
control, the Nuzra


taining orderamong Cain ivisittheholysites Guavup Aan
of Madina and Mecea. The easter can attempt to WRATH OF Gon)
exert his will over the subject (\sually a frenzied Mostly a more sophistteat
mpire), hopefully. forestalling
h for the subject to regain ¢
first make eye ed

ad version of the Nuzra
ah, the Ghadub Allah allows the halting of an attack
ntrol. The caster — without the need for eye contact. [rrelics solely on the
race with the target while will and devotion of the caster and can bie used
praying. In most cases; the caster recites the shahada any character e:
though any prayer that reaffirms the Ashisra's faith call canalao he used to help
in God may be used fhihful, Fla muezzins use this powertosummon Ashirea
System: Onice the character his established eye 10 prayer at the holiest sites of Islam and extend the
act while issuing the short shah yer, the calm of their faith upon them.
yer spends a blood point and makes a Willpower System: The Ghadub Allah functions in ewo
inst a difficulty equal to the subject's Wille distinct ways. The first works in the same manner as
ow Allah save that the caster need only be
a aware of the attack, not in eye ©
ther player target. Even characters inc of hearing. the
The player-can cas! aul Allah
the sound of the cister's prayer serves ata conduit for
M. tion + Intimidation roll (difficulty 6) t0 sion) are not required for itto work. Only one person
reestablish eye contact. If the cesult of the original can be targeted by this power

casting roll 4s a boteh, the target's player makes a The second us
Self Conttol/Instinet roll (difficulty 4)
frenzy, If the caster is Interrupted after

gression long

|
power. Hf successful, the subject is unable to attack the

caster su long as eye contact is maintained,
may she rake any other action with
first expending a Willpower poin

piace with the

prayer are still affected by the

spend a point to have her ebara

he canta player geese

is as a-supernatural muc
call. The character makes the traditional call to
prayer, und che player spends a blood point and rolls

opponent, he must make another Willpower roll or Charisma + Expression (difficulty 6). Even a sing!

else lose control of the subject, Only one person can — sucvess reduces the difficulty of resisting frenzy by
he targeted hy this power at one time. one among all Muslim vampires who can hear the
oe ReicFlccani Siunir Ge Gon) call. Additional successes do nor further reduce the

The Ruh Allah aide a Cainite to regain conrat —ilfliculty but do extend the effect, which lasts for

J bring them aut of frenzy by means of their faith, NC Hou Per succens 7
While using this power, thecasterchantstheshahada, © e@e Kano Anan (Fist or Gop)
which the frenzied Cainite pcus for he Also called the Rite of Submission, the Kul
g her belief in Atlal-allows a practitioner of the Hedayut Iman to
Snot, however, demand the submissien of an apponent. By means «
the target and is prayer and willpower. the caster seems to crush the
the Nuzra Al unlife out of his opponent, using the force af Allah's
aintain orderamongCarnitesattheholysitesof will todestroy the enemy's resolve. Use of the Kubdla
t,rogatded by some Ashirm as evil
Jjthe ing sirdoes the domination of nother mind
player spends blood pointand makesa Charisma + As such, the pawer is only knows te hand!
ship roll against the Willpower of a sin Ashirra whom Tarique-al-Hajjs regards as trast wor
jed target. Subtmcteach successfrom 10. When thy and sufficiently rest to use the pawer for
Row rating is reached, the frenzy ends. good
This process may take place over multiple tu
f the caster is interrupted (he stops pray

Go's wisdom, The Ri

Allah dh
provide any means of controlling
th sed in conjunction wit

System: The character begins to pray alons

is, but System: After the character makes eye contact
iz)vallthe and starts praying aloud, the player spends a blood
successes accrued to that poinr are lost: Any botch point and makes a Willpower roll ngainst a difficulty
result likewise neyares all the successes and requites equal tothe target's Willpower. [f the target does not

player to make a Self-Control roll (against a
Jifficulty of 10 - Willpower) or have his own charac

terenter frenzy asa result of the emotional backlash. sy

immediately submit to the easter's will, each success
ses two levels of bashing damage. If the target
bmits, he may not artack the caster until dusk the

VEIL OF NIGHT

Ge 2 ==5" 2


xt day, A botched roll indicates that the
fers two levels of bashing damage.

HEDAYAT EL-QaLB
(Girts OF THE HEART)

This sihr path focuses on enbiane
of the caster and on examining or manipulating the
abilities of others. As wich the Hledayat fman, prayer
plays an important role in this path, serving
focus for the caster and subjects: though in many
cases devotion is less important than wi

mination. Assuch the path is more widespread thai
the Hedayat Iman though this renders it me

© opel
to abuse and corruption, Ultimately, the Ashin
abandon the path as irredeemably tainted by forbid-

hhsumed by Tremere
neery,

den sorcery, many of its powers:
Thaumaturgy and Assamite

@ HikMa MIN ALLAN
CWispoM FROM Gop)

By means of a prolonged period of introspection
Jasting at least ewo hours and accompanied by medi
an Ashirra with this power
focus his mind toaid problerasolving. By this me
he identifies strengths and weaknesses in his own

ul that he can reinforce with the supernatural
power of vitae.

System: Afterthe vampire meditacesor prays for
two offfnore hours, the player makesis Willpower roll
against a difficulty of 6. Assuming a success, the
Le ite may spend a single blood point to boast-a
single Mental Attribute by one point (and one point
only). The effect lasts forasinglescone and only one
Attribute can be augmented at any one time. A
failureon the Willpower toll meansthe vampire fails
to obtain the proper calm to focus wisdom from
A botch means he uncovers some inherent

ww in his own character; the precise effects are up

to the Storyteller but can include the loss of one

temporary Willpower point, « check for Riitschteck
even a check for Roud loss.

Ipnax® ais A
CNsiGHT FROM Gop)

tation or prayer,

an opponent nce betwee

unlife and Final Dea
ivated by a short prayer to Allah, the caster gains
get's hackground and strength,

cise, often litte more tha

momentary Mash of the
vitally important
System: The vampire utters ushore prayer

The playerspends a blood point and rolls Perception
+ Alertness against a difficulty equal to the target's
Willpower, For every two successes, he muy ask for
detailson onc ofthe following regarding the target of
the power: clin, generation, current blood pool
highest Attribute or highest Ability, The Storyteller
he should rather
ster's knowledge
ion Hajj uses the
ability on a 6th Wah'Sheen, the
Storytellee's response about generation would like
be thar the Wah'Sheen is "substa
Caine than you."

eee Sutrar EL Nasi
CAarnoriry OF THE Propnicr)

need not give precise answers
frame the results the
For examp!

ita gene
generatic

thally closer to

the Sulu el-Nabr compels thre subject 1
obey a short phrase comprising no more than ten
words. The target must hear and understand the
command, which ts embedde, ashort prayer that
requires a turn to recite ond ends with the phrase "as
Allah commands." If successfully Implanted, the
command will be acted on immediately an literally
The target cannot be forced to harm ther

made to go against deep-seated instincts, Eye con.
tact is required when the command is imucd but need
not he maintained while the victim acts out the
compulsion.

Many Asbirra regard use of the Authority of the
Prophet as sorcerous enslavement and thus an at
tempt fo usurp God's powers. As such mi of the
faithful shun this powee and thore who ¢
often have to spend many nights weeatling with their

conscience
System: The character utters the requited pr

and otder, The player then spends a blood pou

rolls Manipulation + Intimidation against a di

culty equal to the marger's Willpower. The numberof

successes indicates the speed and efficiency with

which the task is carried out. A boteh indicates th

not only has the command failed, hut the target is

aware of the at their dis

judge use of this power as gro

empl. Storytellers may

Conscience roll to see if degeneration oceu

Sawr e1-Naei
CVoice or THe Proper)
B Sawt ef-Nabt, the caster may com

municate with any Cainite known te him irrespective

BLESSINGS OF THE FAITHFUL

Po a et

a

ey a.

<A SS SST a

= <

=>


¢. The easter sp
prayer con
intended to attract his atten'

nds at least ten min- wated damage. A botch requires the caster to
ning the target's n » make a Self-Control/Instinet roll (difficulty 6) or
The prayer tikes enter frenzy. Use of this power is, at the Storyteller's
the form "By the i Allah and his — discretion, grounds for a Conscience roll to see if
Prophet Muhammad ay the winds carry these degeneration occurs.

mble words to..." If suce cooly the intended SQ

ndisembodied voice in SHR RETUALS

ly to the caster. The commu
nication ix not entirely secure — both parties
tospeak aloud, tho

the messag
her head) and may rep!

Sihr rituals take the form of elaborate und pre
al prayers, based on the theory chat specific res
require specific supplicationste Allah. Ing
and can usually only be maintained for a short — chey all require the player to make an Intelligence +
Periexd. Nonetheless, it allows those skilled in itsuse Theology roll against a difficulty of 4 + the ritual
To maintain contacts across vast distances level, Some rituals have special systems, explained
ystem: Once the vampire has invoked the — below.
praver, the player spends a blood point and alls ope oe
Perception + Empathy againsca difficulty of 5 TOUCIOF Altai (Le
per 100 miles (round up) separating caster and tar Ths tual a pehiea to nlaos an in
get. The numberof successes determines the length ible mark an an object, place or bein,
a : ECHOING slant GAIUK: Ang aroere

(like those with True Faith or a Road of Heaven
rating of 6 or mote) know that there is something
special about the touched item and treat it with
respect. The

only that iris
System: To place the mark, the caster purifies
the item by sprinkling it wich rosewater and praying
{ for two hours. If caster is interrupted dur

gic, using the target's iod, the ritual fails. The effect of this ritual
uit isabo one the hardest to use lasts one day per success.

ively, It exploits the inherent weakness of . ¢
reste censoflauhs underage Mask oF Auta (Level
sind inflicting both mental and physical By means of this ri

injury. The power tes

thisneed only he awhisper

. ONE RivuaL)

denotes

few wonls before the link is lost while five or more
success allows the link to remain open aslong as the
playerconcentrateson it. At the Storyteller'sdiscre-
tion, « botch indicates the easte's prayer at
the attention of the wro

person.
ee Nak etlMan (Pine of Farrn)
el-tman is

thirra blood m
inst hin

ofthe mast formidat

pwablood this p

Two Rrruaw
shirea
s intense concentration himself, appearing as another persan, rice or even
caster. At first, this may gender. If sufficiently well enacted, the Mask of
tense concentration, but as the invocs hideous Hajj co pass as a mortal.
n progresses the caster becomes increasingly The ritual requires atl
statargetofthe during which the caster
y Cainite ance he seeks to attain. Any distraction during this
As with the Sultat el-Nabi, many Ashirra regard PeFiod does not halt the ritual, but may, ar the
act and thusteluse roe Storyteller'sdiseretion, have unforeseen results (such

it. Those whodosoare the strongest of 98 distorted visage)
find the knowl- System: The player
Theology roll, but the difficulty d
wud for at least ise. It is 5 if the character is tweaking their
hh Appearance, 6 if they seek to make radical changes
f they ure attempting to masquerade as a
ber of the oppasite sex. The effects of the ritual

t's

in disguise

tl
zealous, The power works best aga

mayer byt

ist 30 minutes af prayer

he uppear:

same faith but functions against

use of this power as an ev

the Islamic Cainites but even 1 es the standard Intell.

eat burden, uence

edge

System: The character prays a
ns, the zeal of his diatribe rising with ea
ment. The player then spends a blood point and
Charisma + Theology against a difficulty equal v
waite taiger's Ress score. (Ut the earber of wnumber of hours equal to the successes when
different faith than the caster; 1 if the vampire pr casting, During this period only characters with
an three turns). Each success seduces the Auspex may perceive the casters tus foe th
target's Willpower by one and Inflicte » paint of Aly by making Perception + Alertness roll against
' ™ a difficulty equal ww the caster's Wits + Subrerf

VEU. OF NIGHT


Warb AGainst Diainn
(Lever Four Rrraaw)

This ritual allows the Ashirra to place a ward

purities the item with rosewater a
sit with lamp oil, all the while re

erivelopes the w,
na bright glow, perceptible to any character with
Auspex. nes into contact with the
ns three dice of
Furtherme ¢ shocked by the item a
nnot willingly couch the item again without
ing a Willpower point

ALuan's Burssine (Leven Six Rrran)
This ritual allows i

subject's faith, allow
sof Islam, The r

183). Only a
Hajjiand M

ibn Tarique
they guard its use jealoy

know this rit
ly. They use it t

» the holiest sights to those who have

th

System: | he ritual takes
during each of which both pla

hours to enact,
must make a

Willpower roll against a difficulty of 6, Ifany one of

these rolls fa

cannot be atrempte

eight Will

ritual

pleced

mnvil the next nigh

and
Itall

+ Willpower. Success ind

andthe Ashirra may

red. Failure indicates

Keening rules

apply


ee
Khanjar
Tang

.
Janes, compound
tance, light

lens

nail
saber

anf

| spear (one-handed)
‘spear (uwis-handed)
wralt+

thers
war-hamimert
(rwo-handed)
aft,

Denotes lune weapon
* See,Shecial res beh

Difficulty

SAB RIRII Lon Kane

Mites) Wxapons

Damage
‘Strength +2

Strength +1
Strength +2
Strength +)
8/Sicength?
9/Strength*
O/Strength?
‘Strength +1
Strength +2
Srength +2
Surength +2
Suength +1
Strengeh +3
Strengeh +2
Sescingily +9
‘Strength +35

Strength +1

Conceal

Yezzerezoez7oroe

«

——

R AMPEN, THE KEENING

EVEL SEVEN Rrrar

Before Tarique al-Haj
Keening thar reaches of
powerful (see page 186), E
Stone was stolen and the

reduced the Keeningron

the ritual must be

combined prayer of sex

frranad nodd etrai of the
ean (each itt
The d

enact and resi

tualists. Each ph

againstaditficulty
he participant hos
such, only the

i)

ji created this ri

vcross Arabia ws
inng this period

the Black

Keening silenced. T
and his alles created a dampening ritual char ba
rable levels. Unforn

hiera know the
others,

ng ritual takes

ail Ashirra, Only 1

Weapons, ArMoR
AND COMBAT

Combat and w e likely to be cent
s, associated wi
ides, to the Bure
ical lords. W
id has much in commen with Euroy
are tnuny subtle differences. This section is intenkled ss
tomartial matters in V

combat sh
sented in the b

WEAPONS

Many of the weapons w: Islamic world
have close analogues in the E miditions
swords, axes, spears und maces — but many also have
Unicjue characteristics. The following charts provide

Jon for these weapons, with additional
for weapons like the nafé and the qaws al-ziyay in


‘MISSILE WiEapons
Damage Rate Range

6 2 300 vans
4 1s 200 yands
e in 300 yards
Seeonuth+2 N/A 30 yards
* ie 250 yands
124 WS 400 yards
5 12 50 yards

$+ Assim regular projectiles: See below for alicrnative-aommurition types:
© May bie ted only once.

1 Veil of Night ste

{hc mace with an tron head ane a wooden hate Though never using the the
e elice of the Islam

own section later. Some of the Tess familiar pp

» harm

armored). It should

mor is very effective \cealing a
_ prompting numer
men with th

rchery of 3 ro string)
compound lance: lor. lance
two lances together (mini
dabbu: heavy all-iron mace
husbae end. The following represent
monly found in the period
tons, prompti
Khamjar: heoud-bladed daygse on, Playe sellers w
the luumic world recs these arr
or types include the following
he most common
on for Islamic soldiery. Worn over a cotton
imes beneath a second, the dir featur
curved cavalry sword andl a laced neck openiniy thar both
fart and provide greater protection than

ight sword
sivalents. Usually complemented by

ax with a lange crescent blade

hin chigger used principally by the Berbers helmet. and a mail coif ar aven

chain hauberk ¢ prorection

ArMonr Cyarr
Dex Penalty Perception

e a
eh 0
wae a) 0
td at oO

A kazaighand provides three dice of Sak against slashing attacks, cand four dice against all other attacks.
S*Jawihan may be seom over a cotton tae pm-awhich case they provide thnes dice of sock, or over other armor
types in which ease they ada! I div-ta the soak value of tke imderlying arm.


Jowshan: This lamellar artnor uses iron plates to

protect agains! injury cach plate overlappinghorisontally
nl ventcally to provide substantial protection whe

retaining flexibility. Though principally cuirasssized
pieces, some langer suits come into use later in the perion,
rivaling the heaviest suits employed by the Fran}

jubbah: A quilted armored yest containing chain
mail, the jubbeh offers substantial protection while
remaining light and unencumberiny, Like the di, the
jubbah is usnilly aecompanied by a helmet, coif and
leather gaitery

azaghand: The armored kazaghand cost offers con-
siderable protection, enmeshing several layers of aail
within cotton paid Opening fully down the front ankl
usually slitro the waist a the back toullow riders tosit on.

hone, the sirmor superficially resembles an ordinary

‘cat. Unfortunately, such coats ean be very uncomfort-
able in. hot weather, and some wearers choose to keep
them untaces until entering hatte, favoring comfort over
protection from assassination. As with dir and jabba

con withstanding langeamountsofdamage.
from small bucklers, darayah, carried by
cavalry to the massive kane used by Berber infantry. The
most notable shields are the following:

daragah: stvall round shield, usually of leather

i intry shield

fivewed by the Tarks
ant: massive leather shield use by the Berber tribes

tariquh:clonygited shield akin tothose used lyythe Fray

Vii OF NIGHT.

tur: large round shield,

AMMUNITION TYPES

‘When compared to European soldiers fstamic forces
usea wide ranpeofammu spestorthoirhowsand
crossbows, In addition to varying urtow heads, the
axklition of a majra (arrow guide) allows the use of short
darts instead of full-length arrows while bows like the
hushan may fire stones and vials of flummabTe naft
(Greck fire), As with armor, what follows ts a gross
real situation and players and
Storytellers may wish toy expand the details

ercing arrowheads are de:

value of any armor worn by the target by one
reduce the damage value af the arrow by dite
cutting: Cutting arrowheads are designed to sever
ropes and rend flesh though their armor-penetrating
ability is somewhat impaired. To reflect this, increase
their damage value by one but double the soak value of
any armor worn by the target.
raft: Bows equipped with a majra arrow guide may
fire naft capsules instead of normal bolts wad arco.
The range of such projectiles ts limited tw 50 yards and
the difficulties of such attacks are increased by two, but
theeffectivenessol the weapon more than makes up for
such shortcomings. Upon hitting its target, the naft
capsule fragments and covers the vierim with Greck
fire. This burns for one to five combat turns, tn «6
which the vicrim should ro
the standard fire rules. The
Failure indicates a point of damage. Cuinites targeted
by naft must check for Réschreek. Alcemativel


aytellers may use the rules for Greek: fire found on page
41 of the Dark Ages Companion,

Qaws AL-ZrvaAR

A massive crossbow, the
weapon thut strikes fear into the hearts of C:
mortals alike. Usually mounted in a ff
requires several men to load and ma
Gainite with Potence could, in theory,

The ww reduces is a
particularly agninst moving targets. Increase the
‘culty of attacks against stationary targets by one, andl
against moving targets by two.

Iniaddition to bolts, the ziyar ean be used to propel
fire pots that work wnition, Unlike
the smal! how-propell rhe large pots used by
the heavy crossbows may be thrown upto 200 yards, but
the difficulty of such artacks is increased by three. Any
Fortitude as per the standard fire rules. The difficulty of
the roll is seven und failure indicates two points of
damage while success reduces this toon

Cainites struck by 0 fire por face Rone
ellers may opt use the rules for
‘on puge 41 of the Dark Ages Companion.

Moun

Compat

Cavalry playsan important role in fslamic warfare

thougft its methods differ somewhat from those of

European knights, placing emphasis on mobility and

her than beate strength, Professional

i a

none details sre

presented below. The basic rules for mounted combar

found an pages 38 and 39 of the Dark Ages Compan.

mirized in the sidebar on this page) apply

here, with some modifications to represent distinctive
Arabic and Turkic horsemanship.

Horsemansiap

The high saddle used by many Arab horsemen is
more comfo i
both for the

‘of apport in combs
ridersto haven dicepe

Ride ability (for e

appropriately equi
‘up toa point higher than their
uple,4 character with Ride
ll value). The
dice pool may not; however, exceed the basic ability
forexumple ach: with Ride 2 and Melee 2 sill
rolls only 2. Additionally, when called upon to roll

ind consider attacks
dishonorable, Mustinn warriorshavenio such scruples. If
4 warrior és too Well armored or skilled to he easily
defeated, then why not attack his maunt, perhaps
placing bin
the mounted warrior! y
acks is two less than against the rider. The

BLESSINGS OF THE FAITHECL


player of o rider whose mount is injured must make
Dexterity + Ride against a difficulty equal to (4+ the
number of wounds inflicted upon the horse) or see his
character unhoned. A charicter so unhorsed may
suffer three to sixsliceof damage, dependingon whether
he is thrown clear or crushed by the falling mount
ks, soine warnorsequip their
horses with leather or mail chamfron and barding
point of armor protection given to the
mount (toa maximum of three) subtrace
effective Ride skill

Horst ARCHERY
Horse archi

Tocountersuch at

rom the
horses

vital role in
only in the riders arsenal to
the lance (see below). Accuracy while moving is very
difficu lightest error in timing result
in missing the target by yards, Unless the
character hay the Archery specialty "Mounted," his
shots areat +2 difficulty froma moving horseand at +4
dhificulty from a horse moving at a trot or faster

Muslim warriors also practice what ts known as

ower shooting," oiming at an area rather than
individual enemy. This tactic relies on the volume
fire provided by a unit of horse-atchers, satur
tea with arrows and bolts to nepate my mobility
This tactic is both longand shore

ment ut the former and lethality at the |

nites in nits targeted by such attacks are in
danger of being impaled and driven into torpor. When
using the open wirfire rules from the Dark Ages
Companion (jywe 41-49) any missile attack soll that
ichieves in four oF more successes results an thi
sted vampire being staked through the he:
driven into torpor.

particularly among the Turks. It plays
Muslim warfare, seco

fevers th

fective

Lancers
The bin

Is th

incipal cavalry weapon of the
Islamic world, rivaled only hy the bow, useful far
atvackingy enemies wh
Unlike in the We

predominates and where the

weeping thent at a distance.
ere 3 single type of lance
nin methext d

ts, the Mastinn

chargedown oppone Fics use se

different types of lance in a variety of ays:

The light lance is often hollow and can be ised by
alm II honwmens. Its size makes it more securate than
her types though it inflicts tess damage in normal use
Additionally, oftereact charge attack with a light Lance,
succesful ornot; the rider's player shoukd roll adie. On a
;eault of five or higher, the weapon breaks and is useless

VEIL, OF NIGUT

or conventional
lenygh, Res
toalm, its nonetheless a formidable weapon, capable of
‘casing grievous tury
chameter must havea minimum Ride anid Melee of
Seach toheableto usea lance efectively from horseback.
Otherwise, he iscerrain to dismount bitnself on asuccess-
ful attack — the character takes as many dice of hashing
dlamageashe inflicted dice oflethal damage with hiskuce.
A botch using a lance és generally a terrible thity: The
character takes fourdice of lethal damage and may fall off
hishorse (roll Seamina + Ride). Uscofalanceispunishing
business — characters with the Short or Child Flaws, who
have Stamina 1 or who e below-average site
cannot use a regular or compound Lance though they may
use a light lance.
The lance permits two types of attacks:
ge Is the most common form of
Franjaand Islamic forces
ack, the player should roll Melee +
Dexterity against the difficulty of the weapon as per
winmal combat. A charge attack inflicts eight dice of
damage, increased t0 nine for a compound lance and
reduced to six for light lance, Those successfully
icked by a hance charge must make a Stremmth +
Athleties roll or be kniicked down. Anyone unhorsed
bysuchan artack sufierstwo tofourdice af ckimayte from
the fall. Whether knocked down or unhorsed, anyone
successfully attacked by a linee must increase the
Alifficulty of all rolls hy two in the next tuen In theory
nites may be staked by such attacks, though the
difficulty of such a maneuver is two higher than a
narmal attacle, require asc fi
cause at least three health levels of damay
‘Thrust: Light and regular kances tm:
while the horse is stationary or moving slowly. The
difficulty of such attacks is one les than n wee
attacks though any botch result requiees the rider's
player to make Dexterity + Ride eoll against « difli
aulty of 6 or else fall from the saddle, Thrusting lance
attacks inflict damage dice equal tothe rider

SIEGE WARFARE

Sieges (hisar) play an important role ity the C
sades and are thus likely to appear in many Ve
Night chronicles. The mechanics of siege w
impractical for a roleplaying game, but the followin,
brief introduction should allow Storytellers to incorpo:
tate derails of such warfare into their chronicles. With

successes.and must

also be used


of the use

noth Mustim

defend:
cannot

len after
with at
to withdraw and detend ns potid

playa waiting ike

0 Weaken the EGE WEAPONS
Much of the ¢ sed by Islami
Wy the Fran), In

es ar

their pre

BLESSINGS OF THE FAITHFUL


towers): Though favored by the Fran),
Islamic forces also use siege towers (bur) to attack or
le walls
dabbaba: Dabbaba sre wheeled shelters, designed
to protect soldiers and engineers from defensive tire
kabsh (b Battering cams play
jorrole in destroyingrampartsand yateways, gaining ot
insproving access for the at
type of mam, th
that enhances the abilities of the device
manjania (mangonel): The manjaniq i. large ma
chine designed to hurl stones or other projectiles at a
w of the lever principal. A large counter-
weighted arm is winched into place, using gravity tl
ly inexcessof 150 yanks (the exact abilities
atid design of the
heavy and unwieldy though trained
quickly. They are che weapuns of choice for destroying,
walls and towers, especially when used en mass
aft (Greek fire): In addition to thesmall capsules
tised in husban hows, Islamic forces use Greek fire
inst wooden structures, having learned the tech-
nology (the hard way) from clashes with Byzantine
forcesin the seventh centuty. Despite e
on both sides, the incend

shy Cainites
material remains in
inst Fran bueyjanddabbaba,

nuse, particularly a

SSUNATION

Unlike in the West, whe
leads che ‘d rourder as cowardly,
ted practice in the Islamic world.
ral to the Islamic concept of hot

a valid tactic

honor and chivalry
isan

so if dagger

The acceptance of such methods colors the

y high-ranking Mush
containing a lryer of armor such as the kazaghand ure
ide protection against such
le in' imminent. This is
1 19 rank-and-file
canecrns, rarely w

frequently wor, to. pro
assaults, ever when ben
stark contr dicrs who, because of
temperatui their armor outside
battle, Head-hunting tacties are also an accepted
part of Muslim warfare, with archers enco ged to
toarget enemy leaders. The great range of bolts from it
majra-equipped bow are ideal for such purposes, also
exploitingtheirnear-invisibility wastrike withoutwam-
ing and cause confusion,

OF course, it isthe larulis;aluo known as the Assae-
sins, who have broughr the art of the silent kill to the fore

hese dificult rimmes. Though perceived ascukd-blowxled

OF

munierers, they were once closely associated with the
Farinid caliphare but went their own way after plans to
tejuvenate the nation foundered. Plans to ereate a new
Shiite state were instead transferred to Syria where the
Ismailis used murder for their political and religious ends.
Indeed, theirhatred forthe Sunnisect of shim vassso great
thatthe Assassins aided the Franj in their early conquests,
wg Muslim leaders and undemining the {slamic
Despite attacks directed at him, Salah al-Din
chene to leave the heretical sect alone, making several
conciliatory gestures lineal at taking their support away
from his Muslim anel Fray enemies
Ironically, the success of the Ismaili silent-kill
tactics has earned admiration among the Banu Ho
upon whor the Assassins are indirectly mendeled (a
rogue Banu Hagim ghoul has great influence among
certain Ismailis). Inspired by their success and effec
iveness, some membersof th
further details on the twisted relationshi
Banu Haqim and the Assassins, see Libel
3: Wolves at the Door.

Mamas, JUND AND THE
PROFESSIONAL SOLDIERY
Like those of the European nations, Muslim 3m
encompass a wide range of troops. Unlike the Europe-
ans, the military elite and the social elite are nor
automatically synonymous in Muslim society. Indeed,
many professional sulliers are drawn from the geo-
graphi ural fringes of society, choosing to
inake « carcer in the military rather than it being
extension of their soc Jing. Also in contrast to
the Europeans, Islamic armies ure meritocracies, with
ind! luck (seen as divine favor) earning
tise. Ten
famous leaders rose fror ks, gathering social
power aya result of their prowess ther than the other
way around.

Perhaps the hest examples of this are the mamlick
arded as the elite of the Muslim armies:
started their careers as slaves: Trained for

upwards of eight years and skilled at fighrit
Jon foot, mamluk troops are easily the equal of
the Western knights and come to exert considerable
nfluence overIslamicsocicty. I 250, marmfuks
uubid Empire,

Hheit own state and laying. the grenindwork
for the Orroman Einpite, Mamlck won for the core

1 Middle Eastern army, usually a ru
nt Caskar), supported by: re

easte havebegun

wer duece confrontation, For

between the

's personal
cenaries


other professional soldiers or city militia. By dint of
Islamic law (which prohibitsthe enstavingof Muslims)
rmumluks start out sis unbelievers and larer conver
{slam and gain thetr freedom. As such, Turkish and
Kurdish rather than Arab groups predominate. No
sigma is id many go
on to h c reer
Nonstave profesional forces are kn as ju we
orswho fight for pay and kand. Moot are a
as faris, wha form the backbone of the Islamic forces
Though not as extensively trained os mamluks, jund ore
nonetheless force to be reckoned with, Unliki
mops whore tial toa specific lord ly the feadal system,
the jund are free to choose their employer, Wealth,
religion and ethnicity play o major role in such decisions,
asdo family ties. Indeed, many defeited fund seek emply-
‘ment with the force that defeated them, having walked
fine line hetween demonstrating their prowess and con
serving their streneth,

Farasiva
1 Isexpected of Islamic warriorsare codified
wand recorded in books. These encompass a
i archery, courage
mn — ts well ss
social and political abilities. In some reyards, these
correspond to the European ideal of chivalry, govern
ing the warrior's behavior ‘of situations

ce below),

awide

and lying down the siyar (rules of warf
Respect for the ekderly and women is also considered
important, as is knowledge of the correct etiquette for
a variety of circumstances.

Unlike the pr
however, Islamic martial leaning encompasses ideas
drawn from a wide range of sources. Many are native,

wticed ideals of the Europeans,

but others originate in the classical world, never hav
ingheen lost from Islamic knowledge, Others origin
with the nomadic peoples to the east und noth, from
Taugast, or, ironically, with the Europeans, the last
learned during: the Crusades or in al-Andalus.

Stvar, THe Rates oF WARFARE
Exablished in the eighth century, sisar governs the
actions of any Islamic soldier, determining the proper
cemuse of nection. In many cases, troops' behavior falls
short of that outlined in the siyar, but the rules of
warfare remain as an ideal to which armies aspire:
ditionally, séyar places considerable emphasis on
honorand obedience, including willingness © keep
one's word, even to the enemy. The three principal
elements of the siyar are jihad, ‘aman and hudnah.
Jihad determines who can (and cannot) be fought
Jer what circumstances. Jihad is not, contrary to

‘Westem percept
about supporting we
Indeed, the Qu
tty Sno mon
they desist, fi

rather
of Iskum.
them anil ido
and Allah's religion reigns supreme. But if
ht none except the evildoers" (Sural 2)
Ama govems the use and appropriateness of sife
conduet foran enemy. Forexample, wornen, children andl
nonmilitary slaves are not to he harmed, nor are religious
figures (umless they seek to cause harm), Of course, these
who violated the convlitions of their tole cin expect t
betreared harshly, aswasthe case of Reynaklof Chattillon
who, after Hattin, drank water in Salah al-Din's presence
without hispermission
Ayyubid leader intended.
Hudnah details the rules, regulations anid limita
tions of truces, particularly with regard to trade and
pilgrimages. The c en" status cif Jerusalem is
tthe best de
herween Salah al-Din
allowing Christian pilg
Jerusalem by Night, p. 39)

SYSTEMS FOR LIFE
AND CINLIFE

This section dk

forteitinghissafe conuluctasthe

with the agreement
nl the Lion-heurted
ages to the holy city (see

ls systems for resolving various
arise ina Veil of Night
this list i not exhaustive
mes embexly unfimited porential almost
hy definition. Neither does this list attempt to cover
ions such as following someone or tr
The Dark Ayes rid
wre World of Darkness rulebooks cover those system
in ample derail
Instead, thts chapter is explicitly designed toserve
s setting guide of sorts for Storytellers and players
handbook to the situations that are likely
arise in the course of the average story. The h Ke
world fs not Europe. This chapter adapts many of the
systems from Vampires The Dark Ages fo the Islamic
setting und presents new mechanics for tusks typical to

Veil of Night chronicles,
Morrat Herrairs

Life and unlifiinthe Ish
linked. Mose Ashiera
particularly theirfamily and ce
their Cainite nature from ouesiders and continue to
internet with mortal society ax if they were still living,
‘Whatever the case, the following systems allow Story

ms that may typi
Obviously,
roleplayiny

ic world are inextricably
sintain strong ties with mortals,

18, Others may hide

BLESSINGS OF THE FUUTHPUL


tellers to direct the actions of both her own and the
players' characters: As with all systems, players and.
ould not feel obliyed to use these me-
may instead simply look on them as

leplaying and insights into the culture

andl society of the Islamic world,

Famny Marrers
# Marriage [ variable}: Marriage is a central tenet
lam, considered a religious duty central to the
piles are the crux of Islamic culture. Buildin,
ing family unit and ensuring the continuation of
important part of life. Furthermore,
celationships and relations that take place wit
riage ure considered to obey the will of Allah and fort
als anid desires" of indl-
viduals. Relations outside of marriage are considered
sinful. Any adale male with the means of supporting a
wifesnd family isexpected to marry and have children,
though exceptions exist for those who hare children or
wh believe marriage would adversely affect thete reli

guidelines

imate outlet for the

gious duties
significant evencsinacharseter'slife

layed a¢ far ns possible, though the
following section ex

should be rol
al mechanics to ease
play and provide structure for character actions. Wed-
dings and thei tion offera host of storytell
pportunitics, such as family quarrels, jealous riva
d love and self-sacrifice. Whether the pl
sctersure participants or observers, a matri
uld be a memorable even!

Marria

interfamily alla

airings (despite the
ndividuals place on it, such emo:

Importance some

areadults forced ta marry those they dislike. Befor
wedding, the couple meets and assesses each other's
worth, though any such meeting is chaperoned by
representatives of bath sides. Each pkayer should roll
Perception + Empathy against the other character's
Willpower, Each success provides adeeper insight into
the other'stnindset and attitudes. Thiscan be reflected
insoleplayiny by asking short, suecinet questions about

ules and beliefs thar the
nut answer truthfully

the other chiracter's at
player or Storyteller

For example: Firas and Jaida meet wo discuss ther
marviage. Jeula's player gets two successes and asks if Fras

rhing (mast of the «). De-
this meeting, the involved parties
decide whether to proceed with

is homest (yos) and hard
pending om the once:

mony. Consent

VEIL OF NIGHT

must he given by both participants for the ay to take
place and be legally binding, dunigh a twaman's silence ts
assumed to equate with acquiescence. Girls who have yet to
reach frberty may, however, he given aswary by their fathers
without their permission,

Marriages must be within the faith; mart
believing slave is preferable two marriage to udhimmiand
is not uncomman among men unable to tind willing
wives among the free believers. In such cases, perinis

sought of thelr masters (Manipulation +
Etiquette) be uifted a mah (dowry)
like any other bride, which remains her property

Decida ippropriace mak is an important
matter for a prospective husband. Too little and hi
actions could be considered insulting. Too much and
hheisweak-willed. The playershould roll Intelligence +
Etiquette todetermine the appropriate

successes indicates a harely acceptable dowry, while
Five or more

success indicate a perfect dowry, while failure indi
ates an overly generous offer. A borch indicates an
ng mahr and may lead to the wedding being
calles off. A mahr may be paid ina lurnp sum at the time
of marriage or, inthe case of a muta (ted
atriage for a specified period allowed under Shiite
1) or where repudiation scems likely, may be pageally
paid at the time of marriage with she reminder (the
tau 'aljal) duewhen the marriage ead. Players who wish
to defray part of the nulrrshould roll Wits + Leadership
(or Wits + Expression) ro convince the other family t
accept their cerms,

The marriage ceremony isa civil rather than reli
gious bonding but it is normal for
and for the ceremony ta he observed hy two witsiess
Polygamy ts an accepted practice in Islan, with tw
three or even four wives common (und a unlimited
number of slave concubines). However, the hu ud
must take care to 6 the balance berween his
wives, treat each fairly and ensure he does his duty by
éach of them. A martiage contract may, however, limit
her of wives and concubines a tnun may take.

* Divorce [Intelligence + Law]: Marriage is a
sacred institution, but Allah appreciates thar difficul
ties may arise and s0 tolerates divorce. The voluntary
separation of two people is preferable tw a poisonous
tclationship that festers and harms the particlpantsand
those around thetn,

Both partners in a marriage may instigate divorce
proceedings though Islamic law biases th
favor of the man. A woman needs ju
ace hee husband (mistreatment, deo

the nu

epunli-
al of rights,


impotenceand madnessbe
and must resort (oa gad,
of her husband. A

the common complaints)
Ise must have the agree

met need give no reason and

must only state hisdecision before two witnesses for it
al, Observing the appropr

tobe {egal forms in
either case requites an Intelligence + Law roll against
adifficulty of 6 (women) or 4 (men).

* Disputes [variable]: Argumentswithinaamily,
berscen hushand and wife, herween parent and child,
orberween children can lead to long-standing disputes
with often bloody consequences. Inheritances, harsh
words or even perceived favoritisin can prompt argue

ents that may last for weeks or years. In the worst
cases, the feud may pass down from genenmion to
ion and last centuries.
tting the disputants t
either among, family m
imam — ean prove a challenge and requires a Chi
risma + Empathy roll dor Charisma + Leadership). the
difficulty mnging from 3 (a minor squabble) to 8 (a

ging fend), Findingan equicable solution requires an

ligence + Politics roll, and. a Manipulation or

Chariema + Politics rall is generally neceseary te con.
vince the feuding parties two actually set aside their
Uifferences sins honor the aceord, The number
successes ont this last soll determines the degree of
actual reconciliation that takes place, One success
patchesamatteruntil thenext excuse, while three bury
the sue for several years. Five of more successes
indicate a long-lasting reconciliation and end ty the
dispute.

Exaverbating a feud is much easier than resolvin
one, A suecesstul Perception + Politics roll points out
the i se the discord, and a Manipal
tion + Subterfuge roll is all cha's necessary wo pour
poison in the appropriate ears, Thr
actually ingratiares the person provol
those he is manipulating. A few In
fingerollsta fabricate the proper evidence and Dexterity
+ Stealth rolls co plant it will also werk, without

ing open the unpleasant possibility thar both sides
will begin talking and realicesomeonebasheen playing
chem for foals

* Remaining Favorite variable}: The Qu
cally on men to treat all wives equally, and in many
cases wives live together in harmony. Slave concu-
fines are not afforded such courresy, however, and
cach must constantly strive to remiin in thelr master's
eve. In some cases, similar disputes erupt between
wives as each jockeys for position within the house-
hold, dominating cheir rivals,

ence
Simply discuss matters —

mbers or with a local gadi or

Ay to ine

IF MOTE successes
ngthe feud with
Hligence + Subter-

Every month, eich concubine's player should roll
Charisma + Emputhy (vs. the master's Willpower) ot
Manipulation + Subterfuge (vs. the master's Intell
gence + 3), keeping trick of the total successes and
ito cheir Appearance attribute. The conc
with the highest seore is the current favorite ar
dominates her master's attention. §
master's favor provide

ich atnempts
any opportunities
playing, as does the politics and acheming be
tween the concubines

A.wife'splayer may use the same syste
forher relationship with hee husband br
recourse should one wie domin

ih fas te
re the husband's at
mains favorite for two ot more
months in succession, the ot

Their players roll Chansina + L
Willpower) tocnsure their marie:
wlan

original
accept the sit

dispute and
*detial of
ok

er wives may
w (ys. the busbanal's
rights are respected

il, TF the
the other wives may
tion in the

ny successes to their next favor

ip Appearances [variable]: Islamic la
frowns upon women movingabout in public, rey
them to be chaperoned by mule relatives or serv
Furthermore, it is widely believed that women should
besubservient to their male celatives and their spenise,
obeying them ineverything. Publicly almost ull woenen
s. the notable exceptions

conform tw these expec

being low-class serving women who must work
support their families. In, >, however, many othe
womenareequally active. Inaddition tothe busines
of women work through thetr
(where they are open:

ons. To manipulate a

the harem, a numbe
her with their con:
via subtle manipula
without hisk es Manip
lation Subterfuge roll, the difficulty being the subject's
Willpower. The number of successes indicaces the
degree of accomplishment, while a botch indicates thu
the target 1 slated, Where a
woman has the willing support of her male relatives,
she inust still maintain a fagade of propriety, usually
requiring a Charisma + Acting roll
Female Camnites, of course, have-a wide range of
ss They may
many of whom are morc
tal kin, or by ghoul retain

optionstoconceal th
panied by other Ashirr:
minded than their
erswhooheythe Ash
image of propriety. Female Asbirra mu
looker

whim yer maintainthe
work bard to

maintain theirfagade to mortal «
may use supernatural abilitie
risina + Acting roll

RLESSINGS OF ‘THE PAITHEUL

—
=~

—

pT an ea

SS Ts = ae

=~

SS aw


» calls upon,
‘open themselves to new learning experiences. The prin-
cipal center of leirning for children i the madras

school), usually existing as an annex to a mosque. The
principal curriculum focuses on religions le
of the Que

such as se

gs Stacie
h, but most also teach subjects
ssaphy, Ulaama serve as the

charges. A Manipy
are those efforts

Information Is readily available

higher leaning and the empha

knowledge lien squarely with the student (Intelligence
+ Acadeanics)

Crime ann Avant) RALION

* Adjudicating the Law (Intelligence + Theol-
ogy/Law| + The Qur'an, swing and shar'a lay down,
suidelinies for Muslims o live their lives in accordance
with their faith, However, in some areas, the holy
books are unclear or contradictory, It falls to religious
scholars ('sama) and judyes (gadi) to interpret the law
and apply itvodiily life. Theyare the guardians af order
and morality in the community, respected for their
wisdom and insight. Thereare, he

of law

ever, variousschools
ach winh divergent views on key interpreta
tions and the flexibility they allow their adherents
interpreting the scriptures
‘Ulama spend long periods of rime considering the
-nlelaring interpretations with their pee
Tequitey it resisted Intelligence + Theology roll
between the players of two competing scholars, each
seeking te convince the other of their argument: Such
debates may last a few minutes or for days, with rolls
made at appropruite intervals. Lhe net successes deter-
we the outcome of the debate. One oF two successes
indicates the opponent concedes the argument, albeit
grudgingly, I three oc four success result, the opposing
scholaracknowledges that the ‘lama has a well-argued
case that may indeed be a valid interpretation. Five or

more successes indicates that the opposing scholar

wholeheartedly agrees with the ‘ulame's interpretation
and reasoning,

Qaai are me
pretingthe

fivorce, a disagreement over property, of to interpret
the provisions of « contract. To di so requires an

c involved in routine m
ical application af the law inday-to-d
be &

VEIL OF NIGHT.

Intelligence + Law roll, with the number af
indicating the strength of the ruling. Where only one
success results, the ruling has a tstsis in Law hut isshaky
and open to challenge. Rulings on the huis of two

three successes a robust but are still subject 10
reinterpretation by sufficiently skilled qadi. Four or
more successes demonstrate a cxst-iron verdict that

nst a difficulty of 6 + the successes from the
original judge
* Bribery and Corruption [Intelligence + Pol
tics; Manipulation + Subteefuge!}
the wheels of stare turn more freely if provided with
ample lubricants. The Islamic world is no exception.
Knowing whom to bribe to get a work permit, to free a
"wrongfully arrested" ne ice oF to urrange the

presence
feanare char many dabble

oraibsence — of
Bribing an official isa two-stage process First, the
appropriate official has to he identified. This requires
an Intelligence he difficulty propor
the legality andl ease of che desired rask. For
nple, derermining the correct official to brit
market stall is easy (difficulty. ) white
potential source of information onthe
(difficulty 7). Failed rolls
we no effect, but a botch may result in the wrong
people hearing of the ch.
Onceasuitablesource hasbeen located h

approached and ce » cooperte. This requires
4 Monipulation + Subcerfuge roll against a difficulty

runging berween the official's Willpower arid bi
power +3, depending on the leyality of the rack
Successindicates how well the official has hoe bvibyxl

efforts

tone success indicates the oficial is wracked with guilt
and may confess his sins, while after five successes the
official i ice-coul. Failure indicates the offi

the money but dacs not gu through with th

while a botch indicates they take action against the
bribing character.

+ Managing a Household or Business [variable}
Commerce is an es jal part of L ic life,
female characters ure likely co play a major role
overseeing household affniss. Managing a business or a
houschold from week ro week requires an Intelligence

neschal roll, with a difficulty set by the amount of
money coming in to the household and,
economic conditions. Bringing in
hiring good help isa Perception + Empathy roll, with
a dithiculty ser by the quality of help
success ts adequate help, three is goes, five brings in


exceptional talent thar is an asset tw the husiness
hold. Once partners have been retained or
eye needs to be kept on them to keep them
Auditing the books isa Perception + Invest
sation coll, and investigaring misdeeds among business
orbousehold cs saCharisma + Leader
ship roll

place of business in Mus-

irhuyinu and selling goods

xchange for information und ser-

wing a maze of narrow streets and

comprising a mix of shops and marker stalls, the sug is
a hive of activity during the daylight hours, thos

w townsa curfew barsaccess at other times. In many

es where the Ashitra have a subtle hut pervasive

iluence, rhe say remainsactiy al hoursafter

dusk prayers,

vices, Usually occ

lowingy the vam
Finding common
ward proce

nds in the Sup is a straightfor-
ually only caking « few Les
common items may reyuire 4 Perception + Alermes
roll. the diificulty depending on rhe rarity of the itet
being sought

Ha the main means of buying and selling
gooils. It occurs via resisted Manipulation + Finance
rolls, with the winner receiving a discount proportion-
atey the numberof successes heachieves. Onesuccesses
oughly 10 percent while three successes

ant down to their minimum asking
successes allows the buyer to talk the mer-
chant into accepting

Learning seeneral gossijs in the sug is
prove: oll of Cha
a difficulty of 3, with the number of successes indie:
ing the numbe

quate 10
de ie
price. Fi

simple
isma + Alertness:

I of the stories, Characters
on specific subjects need to seck
fh requires a Perce

pcertige roll against a difficulty dependant
of the information they desire, Common kno
asy to obtain (difficulty 3) but more jealously
guarded information is challenging or difficult cocome
by (difficulty 7 or 8), Almost all information gathered
in the sug takes the form of rumors and stories rather
than solid facts. Determining what is truth and what's
fiction is usually up to the character:
A civil ad
eration of the stuf

nistrator overseas the day-to-day op:

nsuring its smooth running and
arbitrating disputes. Routine organization requires a
Wits + Seneschal coll against a difficulty of 5 (the
number ofsuccesses indicating the efficiency of

zation) while setting disputes requires Ch

1 Manipulation + Intimidation,

* Leading a Trade Caravan [Wits/Lntelligence +

Geography}: The Islamic landsstretch from the Adian

tue to the Indian Ocean, from Cadiz 1 Samarkand,
Merchants ply the length and breadth of this re

Id from the Al

5 Mountains for perfumes

from the people of the Indus Valley, They are among

veled people in the known world, their

aphy and rey

irto thatof the scholars
himself rich in short order, c

onal culiqites often far
good tradercan make
ng toaagteat house and
leaving the hard work to his caravan nuasters, A bad
trader can find himself alone in a far off hing, with two
money and goods and little hope for the future.
With trade routes spanning thousands of miles,
knowing where to huyand sell goods requires consider-
able knowledge, # grasp of trade
scone oi A local
I, the number of successes indi
che quality of proximity of.
For example, one success

fen: Thlerequirees

appropriate marker.
ild indicate a poor market
goods nearby or could reflect knowled
marker same distance away, Similarly, fi
portunity
spporti

esses can Mean a very

ity in seve

Once a market has heen identified, the trade cara
van his to wend its way there, Finding the most
ate route requiresan Intelligence * Geography
indicating faster (and safer) routes
while a boteh indicates the caravan heads aff tn co
pletely the wrong. direction. Once an the road, a
wan master has to oversee affairs within the cars
maintaining onlerbetween w
nd herders (Charisma + Leadership) and ens
that the beasts: of hunden. are well treated and fed
(Perception + Anunal Ken). Finding appropriate shel
tersuch asa caravansiry or oasis (Perception + Sucvival
or Intelligence + Geography) is vitally important. as i
deploying the earavan guards to best deal with wild
beasts and robbers (Wits + Leademhip). Quce at the
destination, there is still the business of howling (Mae
nipubition + Finance) and dealing with th
(Charisma + Li

ween family members or long-standing
eqquaintances, in which the members share the risks
and profits, or mudaraba, where
merchant with goods o¢ capital to trade. Atthe end of
the venture, the tralerisexpectes toreturn the
principal along with a share of the profits. Finding an

BLESSINGS OF THE FAITHFUL

Wester prowides 2


appropriate investor for an expedition requires a Mae
nip + Empathy roll, while hammering out
favorable terms requires Wits + Law
ity [Manipulation + Eti
wesall ofits practitioners to extend hos
those they encounter, inclu a shelte
water for those who need it. By tradition, a gift of sale
confers the status of guest on a visitor (rhowgh int seme
es water substitutes), who may then stay for up to
Jays. Beyond this,a visitor isexpected toh
with the chores as if he were a member of the family,
to der sa is con ted impolite.
‘y request hospitality, the player rolls Manipula.
tion + Etiquette (difficulty 6), Increase thiscifficulty if
¢ characters are hostile to each other (thomgh even
pected to treat each other with adegree
pect) of reduce it if the chatacters are well

nclined. The number of
hie Is

iccesses indicates the wat
wl evens a fall

food andl shelter in harsh conditions. A boteh,
however, always results in the refusal af hospitality

abuses hospitality (or isknown te
Theconcept ot hospitality-eivilized behavior, the
sharing of shelter, resources and information ~ ts an
important part of Arabic culture and playsa key role in
governing relations among the Ashirra. In many cases
here groups of Islamic varnpires meet, hey do so
under the protection of hospitality, a tradition that, in
the dark days to come, will spread throughout C
society asthe practice of Elysium, eventually supplant
ing the Tradition of [ ain
* Purification [Lotelligence + Theology}: Ritual
st of Ielamic life
Before eniteriny « mosque or praying, Muslims ritually
purify themselves by washing. Normally, this involves

the fice, the hands and arms to the elbows, the
iperficially with wet hands) and the feet (to the
sation without wa:
or Muslimsundergoinyajourney,

‘an water tsavallable, This uses
) or sand to rub the face and hand
the individual. Careyi

or where na source fe
cleane puritying
ut the various steps of puri

fication in the correct order requires an Intelligence

if with the Unlearned Franj [special]:

much greater emphasis on

academic than does the European world
When nised in isolation this offers Muslim academics
no special advantages but in any Resisted Action

VEN. OF NIGHT

involving Academics ar Science against « European,
reduce the difficulty of the roll by one.

Coartty Lire
* Poetry and Storytelling | variable}: The creation

‘of poetry and the recitation of stories pl
in mang Islamic courts, particukarly in the Taifa states
‘of ol-Andalus. Such stories acknowledge and glorify
ccomplishments of rulers and heroes, in the right

nds cuming a vainglorious defeat into # superlative
victory. Mest common is the qusia fo
ped dav il period and! used extensively
to praise the virtues of a ruler or patron. Other forms
include the mueashshar (astrophic style, where

major role

nesdo
ist across series of lines)sa*
mish and Hebrew as Arabic,

lly in colloquial Arabic)

not rhyme but patterns ¢
foften written in proto-5}
zal (also strophic but us
and say" (chymed prose):
Most worksare impromptu creations, composed on
the spot. Doing so requires Wits + Expression roll, the
‘numberof successes invlicating the g
nd itsdelivery, and a botch resulting in anything tr
accusations of plagiarism to the inadvertes
‘of the subject. Other 1 ns are More considered
works, written overa long period by masterwordsmiths
Crearing such tales requires the player to roll Intell:
gence + Linguistics. The difficulty of these tollsdeffends
‘on the subject and style. Actempring tn glorify a great
ry tsroutine (difficulty 4) while cuinyserus
into a story of heroism and visor is challer
(difficulty 7) o¢ worse, Use of a common form
gasida reduces the difficulty by one, while more com:

mlity of the pe

plex forms or experimental styles may increase the
difficulty by one or more,

* Finding Political Allies (variable: (
most critical policical matters is finding allies
popular impressions, brural political gantes are not
generally played by emotionless automatons but by
normal beings with a full r ngs who are
imply ruthless about getting what they want, Roll
Perception + Politics to find good allies and Chiarisma
+ Empathy co become friends with them, Diffieuley is
set by the relative starions of the parties and the degree
of similarity. An elder gaining a protégé would have
difficulty 4, whilea newcomer to court yainingthe trust

n elderly statesman would have a minimum diffi-
culty of 8

Iceakes some time between rolls, at least a few days
The to ulated suecesses indicate the strength

the fiiendship. Ten iy an acquainrance, 20 is mild
and s0 on, up to the 89-100 range, which
indicatesa bond thatwill last for years (or longer in the


ease of Cainites). Bo
friendship, but theaccumulatedsuccessesan

ther — friendship is often unequal.

* The Poison Tongue [Manipulation + Politi
Just as finding allies is critical, turning opinion
a political rival is also of crucial importance. It is a
Manipulation + Politics roll, with a ditficulry deter-
mined by the degree of competence and political
aptitude d 's opponent. Everyone
can tum opinion against che court bumbler, but chrow
ing darts at the hero of the hour without seeming petty

icult. The number of successes determines

onstrated by on

s doubts, five
successes change Note that it can
take nnipulations to really affect a change
of opinion in the © a whofe. A campaign of
tion takes months of
omaturation, A borch during this
hahly makes the matter inte a public ford or

even brings about a-challenge to duel
Sonvetintes whispered insinuations a

ommit is

Framing someone for a crime he didn't
alway
ticularly effective if he is suspected of committing
that sort of crime but hasn't been caught yet — a
process known as "speeding the wheels." Setting the
fr up is an Intelligence + Subterfuge roll, with
-ulty dependant on the legi
Théctual stingshoukd be roleplayed, and many other
systems are likely to be put into use in the process
Sport anp War
* At the Maydan [variable]: Hore meing is a
1 Spc ng the upper ech ad the
principal venue for such acuvitiey & the maydan or
hippodrome, The tracks of the mayxlan often take on
intricate shapessurrounding ornate water gardens (the
‘one at Samara takes the form of a clover leaf). Away
from the tracks, pavilions provide shelter for the spe
rators and are often used to host soirees for impressing
siting dignitaries. Several leaders, notably Nur ed-

3 popular way w eliminate an enemy. It is

‘encouraged the construction of such structures at
cities throughout the Iskumic world, many of which
also double ds training grounds for troops.

Regularhore races last for 10 turns, during each of
which a rider's player rolls Stamina + Ride against 0

ulty of 10 - his character's Dexterity. Add the
tums, and at the end of the conrest the rider with the

unhossed rider st
the fall.
The flat surface of the mayan is ideal for earrying
intricate drill exercises, fostering the all-imporrant
p spirit among the troops. Such events are often,

fers wo to four dice of damage from

t

major spectacles arteriled by the elite at Islamic soci
ety. Games such as polo (where a stall bull is mowed
downa field by mounted players, cequitiny a Dexterity
+ Ride roll), galug (shooting pots while on # moving
horse, requiring a Dexterity + Archery toll) and jc

re commonplace (the rules fournd on page 39.
Dark Ages Companion apply equally well to the
Muslirn setting). Maydans reach the apogee of their

serves an impor ping, prompe-
nuust master tricking to identify and pursue the prey
(Perception + Alertness)
skills (Stamina + Ri sual prey of such hunts
are wild cats, notably lions, and thus a rider fi a
considerable challenge in maincaininys control of his
mountonee the prey iscaenered (Wits+ Ride), Finally,
the beast must he disporehed, usually by means of
lance orsword, testing the warrior's courage and skill at
arms (Dexterity + Melee). Other forms include th
of deer and wild horses, hunting it this cise
lly by bow (Dexterity + Archery), As in Europe
hawking (Wits + Animal Ken) is also appreciates
though often restricted to the most lofty socia

Monstrous Activities
In addition to the concerns,
Ashirra

relationships

pexereisinutheirridi

their mortal kin, the
aust look to their own concerns, feediny

nd the like. The

Islamic w
playersand Storytellers rather than as replacements for
roleplaying.

Nigutty Marrers
* Passing as a Mor
Acting}: There are nu
an Ashirra may need to pass themselves
off ay a mortal. Doing s0 for short periods is asi
process, requiring a Charisma + Acting roll
difficulty of 5 (8 for Mutasharidin andl other deformed
Cainites) auch as So (Varn
The Dark Ages, p.277) reduce this difficulty by
The number of successes indicates the quality of the

{Charisma/Intelligence +
ous circumstances in which

ordesire

use Hunn


masquerade, and a bor te thy

hibits some flaw chat demonstrates thei
fe (such ws fangs, blood tear
ulry 6) and respi
snspire ty identify their
More long-term masqu a morral requires
eal the

y different range
# Cainite lite

haracter
the lifestyle
insothers
king our che imam orwiteh-hu
vampire ts thous

the community
inding Shelter While Trav
+ Survival]: Predators of a w

ing [Intelligence

siblings, with many traveling between citiesand towns

the Protean Discipline
Je problem fin tet
dinggabloed point to meld with oe

ground. Those withour thar gift must find shelter,
1 difficult task in the wastelands of Arubia or oth

roll, with
es, budlan

requires.an Incelligence +
culty dependant on th
xled hills have dif

jes between 4 and 6 while

this difficulty «0 7 or 8 deg
Open desert has a di

atal flaw (it isexpose
tothe
* The F

a Lupine cen
nt [Perception

Vampires are, hy theit
The availability of prey is not, however,

each night hunting out prey, human or otherwise. Fi


exch hour of hunting, the playershould roll Perception
against adifficulty
character hunts for nonhuman prey, they may reduce
these difficulties by two (rats and the lik
find). If the character is subject to Religious Probibi-
tion (or a comparable Flaw such as Prey Exclusion),
increase the difficulty of each by one (toa maxi of
9). Characters hunting near their permanent havens
y add their Herd raring to the roll

ased on their current locale. If the.

Success means the vampire findssuitable prey, and
smay subdue itand drain blood, while failure indicates
able prey (or opportunities) have presented
themselves. A botch can indicate a broad range of
d by an-

complications: the prey dies, is being li

Aahjrra or is not what they seem. Depending on

id Storyteller, this
process may be abstracted or roleplayed as part of the
dark side to their characters.
tion and Consumption of Vitae [vari-
able}: Many Muslim Cainites struggle to reconcile
thei faith with Ish
tion of blood; num
blood is forbidde:
this restric

preference of the players

n's prohibition on the consump:
ous surah in the Qur'an state that
as unclean. Some Ashitra seek to
on and still maintain their faith by
consecrating the vitae t Allah
vitae is first collected ina silver bow), requiring a
Dexterity + Melee roll to draw ot
volume of blood, This action may provoke hungry
characters to frenzy. This blood is then purified by
means of a prayer lasting five minutes and requiring an
Intelligence + Theology roll (difficulty 6). Any num:
er of successes indicate the ritual goes as planned,
while any other result denotes the vitae is "unclean"
st Ie discarded
In some eases, it is preferable to conscasmte the
entire victim to Allah, which requires the Cainite to
first immobilize his prey (through the use of the Domi-

nate Discipline perhaps) and ther sprinkle him with

rosewarer while praying, a ritual lastig five mi

As with ¢ fing vitae, this requites an Intelli

gence + Theology roll, though the diffc
on the prey. If the victira is @ Mus
7, but if they are a dhimini it ine

Consecrating not

m, the

nan prey to Allah hus «difficulty
of 6. A failure or botch result indicates the prey is
"unclean" while any other result indicates they have
been purified. Vessels must be purified each
are used asa source of vitae

‘* Hiding a Body [Intelligence + Subterfus
Occasionally, an Ashitra goes too far and kills his prey
Corpses in the gutter are (re!
‘common in many cities, but a body completely drained
of blood is likely to cause panic. Disposing of a body is
thusa skill many Cainites have to develop during their
untife, finding different ways of concealin,
at Feast the cause of
is buried or concealed, which requires the

intelligence + Subrerfuge roll

culty proportional tothe qualityand numbe

while feediny ively)

he body or
player t
tu diffi.
hicling spaces (ranging trom 4 ina rocky river valley
Sin adensely occupied and bustling city), The number
f successes indicate the quality of concealment. One
success means nobody finds it munediately, three sue
an thar it is unlikely to be found without a
ary conditions, and five
the body will ulmast certainly

thorough search or extraond
successes mean th
never be found,

Caintre Pourics

Hospital

nvetings between the Ashin
tradition of hospitality. Sc
od to ensure civil (if noe

witlely, thougt oll

derived fr

called hospitality is

friendly) ce

peers. Not all gatherings take place »

tion of hospitality, bur the proportion his grown

markedly he Franj invasion and the arrival of

European Cainites. A common enemy makes for gocx!

relations among the locals.
Arsuch asseinblies,

or the owner of the venue for the gathering, serves as

host, placing the mntendees under his protection and

extending them hospitality. It is his responsi

ensure they conform toaccepted standards of beh;

no violence. no brandishing

erate personal insults (ate

case of larger gatherings, the hi

tack by their
ler the protec

Cainite, usually the oldest

aporse-und tye deli
10 overt ones), In the
svisassisted in this task

BLESSINGS OF THE FIITHFUL


by a group of enforcers (called ghitlam). Even bitter
rivals are expected to act with dignity and calm while
under the provisions of hospitility, though in most
cases verbill sparring replaces physical violence.

A player whose character attends such a gathering
should roll Charisma + Etiquette toc poet himselfin
an appropriate manner, reacting with guarded neutral

heactionsofthe otherattendees. Failure indicates
ignored if they behar
whileabotch indicates gross violation,
of hospitality likely to bring down the wrath of the
host. Characters may, of course, seek to undermine the
position of rivals attending the same gathering, pro
voking them inte rash actions thar place them in-a

nor faux pas, casi
selvesin furu

fifficult: position with the host Doing se requires:
Manipulation + Subterfuge (or Chutistaa + Subter-
fuge) roll, thedifficulty being the oppanent's Willpower

A botch indicates that rather than undermining the

become cl

to all; they have been disgmced by
arrempting to undermine the principals of hospitality,
ng the Europeans (Manipulation + Eti-
quette}: inadditiontobloodand fire, thearmed incursans
by the Fran) brought European Cainites to the Islamic
lands either as manipulators of the conflict of as pawns,
Though sharing many traits, relationsberween the Ashirra
and their dhimmi cousins are strained, European (and.
(Christian) ambition at stark odds with the Muslim desire
to safequand their lands. Nonetheless like theit mortal
uunterparts, European and Islamic Cainitesdo mingle at
ex. Enwuting "proper behavior" at such meerings re
quires + Manipuhition + Etiquette roll, the difficulty
Jepending on the cireums
involved. A pair af neon
Muslim with a lor

incesand friendlinessof those

ex, one Kumpean and one
re willing to

put up with each other's habits and mannerisms, so the

diffcalty for the roll is only 4, High-ranking

from cach side mecting for the fist tiie under

circumstances are likely be on their guard for inf

8. Failure

iotnatically indicate hostilities, though it docs

by the other side, resulting tn difficulties of
tween the parties. A hoteh, however, suggests thar one
party (oreven both) has gravely offended the other.

e so than in the medieval Europe of
Vampire: The Da

Veil of Night che

divisive political

ments from the Gus

VEU OF NIGHT

prompting conilicts hetween different f
faith, Islam is eve

tions of the

dominates the people's lives, and many are committed
{0 ts teachings, (tis not something prone to a lor of in
game mechan

spiritual element, something that manifests itself in the
comportment of the believers and perhaps in a
character's Courage, Willpower and Road Traits, Only
Inthe casesofaa few mortals tuly charged with fvoly seal
and of the holy sites of Ista are acklitional game
mechanics appropriate.

Trae Farr

Trae Pasithy
represents deep religious conviction andl an
make that conviction manifest, It is nota,

mals thar
nility wo
armed skill
Stanyceller' discretion tn parallel wich
the character's relij is conviction and belief. True

ay apply ro the adherents of any belief system
(some dhimmt such as Christians, Jews and pagans also
have True Fa naltsts) though the
information presented! here relates to True Faith in the
context of Islam. As True Faith depends on the
possessor's belief, it may be used against targets of any
religion or even those who do not ‘a belief

ity possecied by me

erie
system. Its impact is, however, strongest against those
of the same faith (see Exorcism, p. 186), Some may see
the giftsof True Faith avin:
tothe believer it is a manifesratic

ofsorne sort, but
of Gal's favor — a
n within,

bbessing from above, not a power fr

Belief in Islam and adherence to its tenets is the
recstepon the path of enl
in True Faith, Known as man (faith), this places Islam
a the heart of every Muslim's life, indicated by their
commitment to prayer and behavior as determined by
the Hadith. The second stage, ita'at (obedience) calls
on the Musim to obey the will of Allah in all things
acknowledging this authority with prayer and sul

His wil. The third stage, taqua (piety).

requires the individual toditect his ifeacconding tothe
will of Allah as laid down in the Qur'an, Hadith and
sharia. They must desist from the actions Allaly has
forhidden and, where possible, from those deemed
unclean. Additionally, the Muslin must adhere to the
pillars of soctety: shahada (profession of fnith), salah
(prayer), zalath (charity), sewn (fasting) and hajj (pil
grimage). The final step, ihsam (benediction), reflects a
near-perfect alignment between the individual's will
and tharof Allah. Iris at that point that acharactermay
gain True Faith,


Most Muslin mortals ultimacely fail toobey every
stricture, though many attempt to doso. Ironically; the
very commonality of Islam in society, pervading as it
does aily life, makestrue insight (and thus True Faith)
almost unattainable. To the general populace, Islan
simply is, is provisions and laws unquestionable, Ln
most cares, insight is only possible by those who study
‘slam "ulema, isnams and the like — and thus Tre
Faith is most common in such individuals. On occa-
sion, however, lay people do develop a great insight
into their beliefs; True Faith can, in theory. appear in
any believing morta

Cainites, however,
odds with the dictates
dealing
themselve
required 10
damned. A very few

d their very exist

the Quran, nota

ith the consumption of blood, and thus find
le of the spiritual enlightenment

succeed in attaining appropri

ate insivhts. Into the faith and the corresponding:

enlighte (and may purchase the T

Merit), but this is extremely rare and must be appro

by the Storyteller. This ts not to say a Cai

bea faithful Mushm — many are — but few can be

considered holy. Instead, thei seer the reach-

ings of the Que'a e reflected by a high

rating in the Tariq el-Sama' (the Islamic Read of

Heaven, see Chapter Four)
Tru Faith allowsa ch

weapon against supernatural yotably vam-

pires butatlso ghosts and dian. It has 10 effect against

amoctal characters, Isamic True Faith func

auch like the Christian version presen

‘The Dark Ages (pp. 236and 237), the Qur'an orta' wiz

amulets replacing the Bible as focal points fur Faith

effects. Storytellers may, of course, ch apt the

effccts to suit their chronic

Hoty PLaces
Islam venerares numerous sites as holy, both for
torical significance (suchas Muhammad's birth:
ploce or Syedna Arqam'shousefromwhich Muhammad
first preached) und for their importance co the faith.
most cases, these are Fuildings, mist often mosques or
tombs, but they also include places where saints were
martyred, Many such sites gain cheir True Faith ratings
through their innate holiness or the footsteps and
prayers of those who visit or worship there. Such places
have ambient True Faith ratings that reflec their
sanctity and power over Cainires. This power may be
limited to within the building o
(saints' combs) and major sit

cer to use her belief asa
atities,

like the: Ka'bas may.

hv influenceofseveral

Masi atral morgue of Mecea that
houses the Ka'ba) a Willpower roll must be made for
each.

To enter a holy place (or to approach 3 "mdiating

site") a Cainite must roll Willpower ayainst adifficulty

Cainices with True Fa
own True Faith e

Hy reduce this difficulty by the
ing) In the case of "radiating sites,
the True Faith rating decreases with distance from th
site; over few yards for a mazaar or over miles in the
he Black Stone. Indeed, many Ashita believe
ng (see page 185) isu manifestation of Mecca's
ent holiness across ull of Arabia, Success means
the Cainite can enter the site, though
uncomfortable and perhaps unsel (
cates the ch susly unwell, three that he
feels discomtited, and five of mote th vill
in in the site: each dawn, the effec
ally dec
ingly unicornifort

1e success indi
iter feels.ser

tive number
one and the Cainite becomes incre
able. Mortals can notice thi

+ Empathy roll (diffic

power) and may ly

siccesses autonnat ses by

Failure results i
siderable physical

racter experienelig con
if they try to enter the si
whodoso suffer one health level of bashinycumage per
A hatch, however, indicares the character im
mediately suffersone health level of lethal damage and
must spend a Willpower point each tusn to remain in
the ar The pain that follows a botch steadily builds
On the third tum (and in subse
Willpower roll is needed against
successallows the
power rolls for

fenit turns) a second
difficulty of 7. Each

cter to put off additional Wall
turn, while failure indicites the
chareter frensies. A botch means the chiracter
into flame, suffering three health levels of aggravated
damage per turn. These flames may be extinguished by
convent hols, but in each turn they are afkame,
the charactor should make a Co ze roll (difficulty 8)
or suffer Rosch

The sihr riwual Allah's Bless 165)
allows C the True Faith etfects of
haly places, even those of Mecea anid Madin
tersprotected hy such ritualswhoare inside
(orwithin thes

tes to aveTcoy
Charsc-
alyplace
enit True Faith) when the
Lapse mustimmediately makea Willpower roll, incr
ing the difficulty by two. In such cases, any tature or
botch results in the effects ourline for borches abor

sofa


Even when Cainites feel comfort

place, the site's ambient True Faith in

All

le in a holy
their

nt expenditures

wet perception-enhanc-
by two. Furthermore, any
h effectively iner

y ground (the

ing Disciplines incre:

characters with True F

rating by on

Wellsused mosque
Ries tenes bene
- es Ase as 3
‘Mazaar (raint's tomb) BSR)

‘Sites ih Arfac:
Jabul+£-Rehmut (Merey Mount)
Mosjid-e-Nimnea:

Sites in Damascus":
‘Great Umayyad Mosque
Manstati Mosque

Sites in Jerusalem**:

Aga Mosque
‘The Dome of the Rock

Sites in Meceat

Mohammad birthplace

Jannat-ulMoalla (jraveyard)

Jinn masque (Masjid-e-Jinn)

House of Asyedna Argan

(Dar-eAtmgan)

Haram Mosgive

Ome ‘Mosque, Misjideul-Harars)
Kalba

The Black Stone

‘Sites in Madinaz
Saat a ‘Tomb

‘of Qua (the first)
Prophets Mowiue

Sites in Mana:
The Three Pillars

{R) denotes # mdinting site
see alse page 200,
sce also Jerusalem by Night, p. 54

VEU. OF NIGHT

without the True Faith Trait do nocgain a dot) and the
difficulty of all Faith-related rolls (like exorcism) de
crease by two,

Tauren Srre

The Frankish invasion and the constaritflow back
Christian armies has lead co:

falling under the influence

these fren they
for wsreli

by route use. Thi

rating, cither temporarily

original beliefs and intentions associ
1 plice with those of the occupying
wading it though neglect,

ated wi
reli

ather relight

nes tainted, dropping by one or two points

Further.

sit " i the confusedl n
thesite. [

ure of

vending on the nature and scale of the new

of the site, this reduce: may be tempor:

tec equal impute
ion. to both faiths (like the Dome uf the Rock)

sutfersonl

Frany

mporary taintwhen it isoceupied by the

ind again when
Istamic site used for simp
however, be more likely
aith because of its

d rededication (see

reach equilibriuan, resne
ond rebuilding
Useofaboly place formu ne tasks is perhaps the
easiest way to denude a sice's True Faith rating. In such

an worship wewld,
a permanent drop

cases, there is no new faith to replace the ald, and

‘ontinued prayer and veneration, thy
case flower this may be a
ing a few months, ost ig
it may take y tor mundane

life toovercome Faith, Forexample, the Templar
5, yet the site retained

ic faith. In the ease of the m

ary and

ound becoming imbued with their holiness. Jerw
tem is dotted with such locales, helen
Christianity and Judaism (see Jer
4.

sham,
by Night


rive of Islam bre
ahiany Per
he holy city of
how! knowns the Kee
noone
ble ns night brightens
susurration that indicates to all sm
shelter. As the ing progresses, the whisper be-
comes) wail, rising in piteh and intensity before
peakingasa clam acophony at muklay and then
slowly wea 1 draws in.
Unail two centuries ago, the Keening's wail was a
imly terrible roar that drove most of the C
Arabia fromn the peninsula, Only the original core of

withstood the sun's cries through f On"
wer. It was only after the Qarmatia

that Tarique and his followers were
and Mecea that limited
ntrol over this ru
power in Arabia.

The rise und fill of the Keeniny. isa centr part of
the existences of Arabian Ast and many have
come to rely on it to wake

thing, dawn. When
at
ley

1 botch,
cof tim
ul pment takes
which time they have no difficulty wi
the time until dawn,

+, are less appreciative of the

ust spe
sleepnormally atfera + difficulty
checks mate d next diy, At the em
week, they may make a Perception + Alertness rc
against aditticulty of 7. Any successes indicate th:
character has "acelimatized" and no longer suffers the
tsitor penalties. Failure indicates that the ¢

suffer, while  borch ate-any

nt brought on by disupted
» iinmediate freny


RITUALS
rites and rituals within Islamic life de-

uth or other religious Traits:
wyer. the most common arw

trad

pon recapturing a holy site from the
ible effort is spent on purifying th
moving the taine from the site (a
ties). The first stage is te
rent use — removing the idolatry,

+ and fixtures of Christianity. or sweeping away
\ filth of more

floors of the site are ¢
incense is buned

nce + Theology roll ro ensure all the nec-
‘cary procedures take place and are carried:
appropriate manner. Any successes indicate that any

aint assoc lated with remaved (though its Truc

Veit. OF NIGHT

remain depressed), while failure indi
ike in the process iad need to te}
A butch harms the site
(damaging inscriptions from the Qui
mosaics) orspiritually (reducing itsambient Te
by one) at the Storyteller's discretion.
Exorcism

Belief in the supernatural is integeal to Islam, and
nye of 1 procedures exist for warding
against evil spirits. Bxorei ommon and
follows the asic rules pre
pire: The Dark Ages, usingan xorcisin
ina Charisma + Exorcism roll tarepel (ordrive
target, Exorcists with True Faith reduce the dif
the ritual by their Faith rating.

Prayeriscentral tothe ritual, andthe 113th Sunna,
Daybreak, is the most commonly recited. It reads:
the Name of Allah the Campassic ecciful l seek
refuge in the Lord of Daybreak from the mischief of His
F of the Night when she
the mischief of conjuring
when he
nd sulfur ure burned to
ater may als he yprinkled

from the mischief of the env

envies." Furthermore, hetbs
discomfort the spit. Re
on the target for sitll
phyxical beatings also

ing spirit (in why

ons, and in extrfime eases

penalty for missing: ingredient
+3), These rituals. are pa

wrath ©
one. After asuccessful exorcism ofa possesingspirit, it
iscommon forata'wigcharm to betied around the neck
oor arm of the victim to prevent reposession:

Reuics AND Hory SyMBoLs

Like places, items can become jimbued with che
faith of their owners or otherwise derive power from
their connection to Allah. Such taligmansand choeme
olten have a True Faith rating reflecting theit history
anu! use. [fa person curries talisman with a True Faith
nt he item temporarily adds its Faith to that of the
character. Even chatacters without Tru
thus gain a ry) Faith ating. Ont
may be used in this manner at any one rine.

However, players of Cainites who wish to use such
irems must make a Willpower roll with a difficulty of 6
+ the item's True Faith ra
character ean carry the

sith may
me item

ing. Success instieares che
m freely, while

lure


indicates that handling thei l
A botch inflicts one level of lethal
Jamage and forces the character to drop the ite

uncomfortable
While most people see no harm in wearing charms
sign of lief and
unwillingness to trust in Allah, Consequently, they
all'such items save the Qur'an. The
Storyteller may rule that especially devout characters
cannot use such talismans

refuse t

The mest noteworthy Islamic holy symbols and
items are the following:

© The Qur'an: With Islan shunning idolatry and
symbolism, the Quran is the main holy symbol used by.
Muslims, Most Qur'an have no innate True Faith
value, bur his ¥ have a

value as high as three

ally significant copi

hese are amulers or charms, usually in
gold or silver, worn on the neck, arm or waist and
containing quotations for the Qu an.or Hadith. Worn

ward of evil spiri

usually have a True Faith rating of zero or one, thou
psc previously owned by very devout individuals may
ve a rating of tWo.

L-Buduhs ‘These "mystic squares" contain a
selection of rumbers that add
and whose sig
and protective powers. A-buduh have no innate True
Faith value, though they may gain a rating of one
depending on previous ownership. They are "
in the east of the Muslim world, particularly among the
Bay' Mujrim

1 propitious wal
cance confersa wide range of healing

* Khoumsa: Also known as Fatima's hand, this
fivecti ted hand, usually m of silver, represents
hissons. [tcommonly oppearson the top of hanners.on
animal hamesses or aver doors asa ward against disease
br bad luck, Like Ab-buduh, k

wmea have no innate

BLESSINGS OF THE FAITHFUL



It was in Damascus that 3 be-
&9 came a man Sor the fiest few
months 3 used fo yearn for the
freedorniof Beaalbel Dernascus was
& city full of Serigers Vlot a deny
voent vwohen woe did Hof receive
Hews Of sorneore important or
someone close fo someone inmpor-
tant being assassinated
- Salah al-Din, speaking in Carig
Ais nove, Che Book of Saladin


INTRODUCTION

Fair Damascus, the darling of poets, merchants and
scholats, called the Garden of the World, Queen of
sand even al-Fayha, the Fragrant. She is Islamn's
ed dimond, a municipality nestled in the bo:
som of thick orchards and fertile fields, whose water is
perfumed with the taste of rose and whose air is thick
with the scent of jasn Standing upon the summit
of adjoining Mount Qasiyun, one cannot help
wonder whether the lush green vista is Eden revisited.
Unfortunately, for all her heavenly beauty, even Dam-
ascus hus her serpents. Tension has uripped the city as
ah al-Din's brother al-Adil and his clumsy son al

Afidal strgile forsuecession. The local Ashirra feed off
these rivalries, t

in the great eity's shadow

Hailed asthe theron
Dam:

fashic

a backwater principality until the Crusades brought
the war of faiths to her doorstep. By the time Nur ed:
Din established the Ayyubid Empire and retumed her
1 blossoming once agains, Damascus now
sits in a historical state of suspension. Although sell
beloved and the thint most popular site for Mustim,
pilgrims, she is contested by the currene sultans al-Adil,
and by his nephew Jal. This latest rivaley finds a
ong and mournful echo in the immortal struggles
the Ray'een al-Fery and ke the Dama.
scene night their doma
Indeed, constant power struggle erodes the pil
of Damascus. When the 'Abbusils wrestled the l
admiralty from the Garden of the World,

tial Ashirra to leave for the new capital. They left
behindaspiringR.

ambition, When €
tries later, they were unpre:

jon of the Damascene
ight apple to poets and
ren and worm-ridden to the core

IN ALLaAn's GARDEN
C ascus, set amid soft rolling hills and deep
is among the largest and richest of all Arab
cities. Built in the fecu lain, she owes her
legacy to the Barada Rives Is that bring life to
nd wthe desert trade routes
¢ Mediturranean port cities

nites from
ous recep

scholars, but she is

thesurrounding«
linking the Silk Ro

VE. OF NIGHT

of Aleppo and Antioch. Damascus is 1 crossroad of
influences and knowledge thanks to her central loca-
tion. The city existed well before Muhammad, Christ,
the Romans and even the Greeks, Her proad inhabit
ants claims she is the most ancient of all existin
communities, a title contended hy both Jericho and
Aleppo, bur there is little doubt she is the regic
beautiful city

Central to Damascus ate the renownesl Umayyad
Mosque and the "Straight Street" thar splits the eity
neatly in half. This avenue boasts the di
Biblical mention and draws merchants fro
Levant to sample from the bazaars and s
covered arcades. Beyond this thoroughfare,
the smaller streots curve and twist in Islamic fashion
through the remainder of Damascus. Homes and build
ings facingeach otherare soclose that theiroverhangin
roofs and balconies nearly touch. This creates a web:
about in the sheltered shadows in all times hut noon. It
is in these places thar the Garden of the World wilts
and decays.

‘THE Kine of DAMASCUS

Asin many cities, the mortal populationgés great
and varied menayerie of professions and races. Dam
ascus servesas the overland junc
the Far East splitting off to the port eities of Aleppo or
Antioch. Christians and Jews, who constitute a fair
segment of the population, go about their laly bust
as dhimmi or protected people. Scholars and pile
from the Fertile Crescent, Asia and even the Latin
empires visit the numerous madrasas (schools) and
their great libraries
Despite this cornucopia of cultures
the power in Damascus restsin an odd bulanice af three
mortal factions. While each would love 0 em
independent of the others, current Law and accepted
conventionsprohibit any such actions. Atthe center of
this sociopolitical storm rests one law that keeps th
trinity fractured und allows Cainites yreat influence
over the city. Iskunic law prohibits hereditary transfer
of homes, possessions and land titles. In essence, few
men andl women outside the sobility can bequeath
theietitularholdingsto their children. It isthe pret
tive of the-sulcan to aequire and redistribute capital,
estates to the households of amis (warriors)
The death of » farnilial
wirks conflicts, politicking und negotiations
amongtheotherhouses looking to somehow strengthen
their position. In this eyele of ambition and opportu

nction of

on far €

ideologies,


hidden pazrons. By giving a vampiresome control over
arhousehold'swealth and possessions,a father can hope
I pass along an inhe
form of gifts to his children
family offers the
even a
The Scura:
Tite RULING
Although

In turn, the

© agencies, bureaucratic
officesort ncnacies in Damseus,Sult
his houschold and those of the district b
than their Latin counterparts thanks to

ter natural resources — be they rich crops growing
oe the rithes of Silk Road mer-

Thisallowsthem tocmploy the tierce "barbs

horse-warrionvof Kurdish and Turkish stock:
ally refresh the local gatrisans with new soldiers. Between
thisand the prohibitive mberitance luvs, the sultan has
ensured thin the military elite rarely has enough dithame
(Da ¢ cise their own armies or usurp
the naling farilies

road and sweeping power

plunder the extatesof otherhoueholdsor codivide the
holdings of a family upon the death of its pate

nat to ask |
SS SoS Li |

«i teachets in various sche

royal treasury, Unlike ili
of Europe, sultans and thei
cityscape or streets for t
Instead they build in open
foundations and restore
ingratiate themselves wi pulace. They buikt for
the sake of their citizens and not ont of bubris. The
sultans never claim any hint of divinity o1

sds rarely alter the
cifying themselves

1s; establish charitable
buildings: to be

accord by virtue of their stat

Aurs: THe Miurary Eure
Damascus has heen unter military poteon:

the days of Nur ed-1in. Curve i
falls into two categories, the Wafadiyya or Kurdish
horse hailing from the nearby tribes, and the
om rior-slaves serving ax the palice guard. A
ther only a few handfuls and are hardly a match
the seasoned riders of Turkish and Kurdish tribal stock
The regional lords employ the airy ans! thei
through financial recom
and from which they ean
nately, the giftsof territory ar
aamin's death and fall tothe se

Und amiss plot undacheme
endow theirchildren with their possessions. One costly
but certain technique is waaf ali, wher land
estace has heen appointed a household tei

96, i even at

aw thei es: Unfortu
ely inherited upon un
ing housesserving the

dation. Because Islamic laws protect waif
and permits for temps
line of descen
properties inte the

The amins, esp
lated from the population because they are "foreiy

posession thrush s single
naany camirs and a'yan try to turn ther

c Turks or Kurdssmeaning both their cu

alten to che Damase

the amirs often go against the Ishamic
taxinw to raise temporary revenues

Jtis not unheard of for these individu

jorture members of wealthy firm

laws thar probit
for their armie
als co hol.
coerce them into surrender
riches. Forcing |

are other (impious)

is their price est
and confiscating heirle

thods of wealth acquisitions
mirs are in a precarious posit
Sultan Salah al-Din died, his son, al-Afdal

nded an oath of loyalty from the amirs when he


doesn't have the complete loyalty of the local amis.
Damascus is thus contested territory, anal while fight
ing is sporsulic, Sultan al-Adil is slowly gaissiny the
trust of al-Afidal's 4 generals. This is a
when favors and promises are weighed in gold and
alliances are formed around the eventual cont

tion between the nephew and uncle.

A'yan: Tue Lirerary Eur
While the,
and sultan, th

we often at the mercy of the amirs

sucratic offices, the a'yan are the
aries, treasurers, judges; teach.
. The ruling families nees thea'yan
wo legitin pistration over the people
through the maintenance of records and the
ing of riches. The a'yan also act as interme
translators between the foreign amirs and Damascenes.
Ivis even of high fashion and good taste fora man of
power tobewcen learningat the feet of ana'yan scholar.
If Damascus ts a be ya
They levitimize both the amirs and sultan's
they mediate disputes between the vatiou
arty out justcia

vetionsard
ul administrative tasks. The
are the authors of history, the teachers of the

them in the

wratic void. Before 1154, the a'yan had even
power and prorected heir estates through di-

rected violence — using young military men to ensure
ry remained in family hands, When Nur

returned power to the military and

practice of using protectors. Since

with Salah al-Dit

, howeve
nd his brother and sons
the a'yan have greater lect

CAINITE

Dainerscus may be the Flower of the Levant, burahe is,
a hotbed of politicking and scheming, This has served
Jocal Cainites well, for they are the city's unseen pa
ninent a'yan and airs know of the

uhting for

territory y than before,

who can curry favors for a price.
sare more than willing to help

wold protect it titles with dhe death ofa pacriachy,

‘stablish an estate as wagf (a religious dkmain} and help

el ponitions within the city. Privileged

now their patrons are long-lived and not

hurt anidl goabnut serving themasanstrs (ghouls),

VEIL OF NIG

Aver all, a family can keep its holdings
fratriarch remainsilive. Cainitesknow th
this to their advan
h three factions ofCainites
authority. The firscand
inder the aegis of Annazie.
They've existed in Damascus from hefore her years ast
-k outpost ind holla great deal of power thaaks to
unholy organ pit, Iblii a Unlike their

(eee


most powerfull Cal
e potent Baal
The second faction én power is composed of the
nal-Fen who made Damascus theirhome before

nail was even born. When Damascus lost her

eof Damasciusiiswell sone of the

role as capital city of Islam, a young Ray'een al-Fen

ined Darshuf remained to guide this backwater prin-
cipality. By the time Sultan Nur ad-Din terumed the
nuler's laurels buck to the eity, Darshufand hiskinsmen
were firmly entrenched. The other hay't could only
sstublish 9 presence with Ray'een al-Fen assent. Few
realized that the Baali had corrupted Darshuf and his
peers over the centuries.

Th ‘of some importance isa mixture of
different bay't led by Darshut's childe, Mannal, who is
trying tu rid the city of the By
however, és cracking because
Ristakh wants to completely
prese

History

Damascus holds a special meaning for many
Cainites, for she is older than them cs A

her elan's legitimacy

constant in their memories. The earliest records to
mention the ciry are whlets from the city of El
dating nearly 2,000 years before Muha
She isfyy older, however. Legend eln
grands&n, founded the city folle
Local legend claims th
‘aine slew Abel. Whil
tal legends so much fictic
an echo of the Second City
By the time Ronan Legions marched through the
region in 64 BCE, Damascus was already a great trade
city for various merchant caravans. Under Rome, she
Syria and later a Christian enclave
by the Byzantines. Unfair treatment ar the hands
of Const

the Great Flood

Mount Qasiyun was where

ost Cainites call these mor:
nny do see in L

wopleallowed Damascus toopen her gates
to the arrival of Muslim forces in 635 CE, While the

Islamic movement was entirely religious under

arnaud, the subsequent caliphs created a jugger-
rnaut that neededa bureaveratic heart. Damascus proved
central 19 the expanding empire and served her spiti-
tual needs after Mecca. This didn't last. When the
Un {dynasty 6 ‘Abthasids, Damascus lost
her role as Islam's capital and settled into backw

ty Jor centuries

Cainires oF Damascus

A ity So ancient as Dati
‘nocturnal predators. Bay't Mushakis claimed authority
under the Aramaean Empire, followed by the Qubilat
hhayal and Ver
thine was their creation. Now, powerful Ashirna
Ray‘een al-Fen call the city theits. N
acknowledge the eity'st 1s,the Baali who have
been a constant sore on Damascus' hack

The Baali were already entrenched it the Fertile
Crescent when their; stronghold, Mashkan-Shapir,
rested on the hanks of the Tigris. When its most
Powerful infernulist, Nergal, fell roan alliance of oth
<lans, che Baalt scattered across Mesopot pong
them was young recruit who was responsible
for establishing a cenrer of worship in Damascus.
Through some luck anal much cunning, the youry
od the following centuries, rending
nant tlock and watching kings ly swiftly past the halls
of rule. Unlike many of his heethren, who proved to

wer to unleash Hell's minions, A\
disciplined patience an unique perspective concern
ing his malignant masters. Hell wus i

why unleash it now? The L

but were quiet an

actions. Unlike St who d the waters of
Crete blood red in an effort to awaken his di

Annazirentered thesleep ot ayes deep within his

1 pit — which would come to be known as Iblii al
Akbar— and subsisted aff centuries of steady sac
and staughter.

Meanwhile, Damascus was « battlefield for m
bers of Qabilat ail-Khayal, Bay't Mujriny and th
By: ve Hive of Clan Ve Lot whom sought t
control the various roads into the Far East. They fought
over the Golden Road trom Samarkand and the Rayal
Road to Constantinople, bur the Desert Road — lead!
ing to Palmyra, Antioch
battlefield. Th kept rabson that route
bur members of Qubilat al-Khayal, Bay't Mu
the Ventrue established mie
in the years follow
with the Banu Fligim for trade monopolies, The trea
ties were tentucus at best andoften broke down over the
course of weeks if not nights. Any Cainite willing to
rick the frontier city of Da
envy inriches fhe survived che murderustte
the other hay'.

sculs hits had many

subtle

i Tyre — was also a

ascus could eam a king's


VEIL OF

NIGHI

ALLAH WALAKBAR

Few people heeded the religion that conquere
na through pe
+ Prophet died, even fewer expected the new fait
lurch forward like a tidal wave and swe:
Levant, Africa and the Far East in a matter of de
By d int, Damascus was a Christian city
Jewish enclaves. While the V ue, Mujri
tnemabers of Qubilat ul-Khayal contested the r
Fen owing
age to the M Jah Michael
ad grown tired of their stagnancy
under the Byzantine shadows. For all the ancie
Isfavoriteson wasobyiously Constantin
he withdee fom temporal concen
me with such outly
With an indifferent pattiarch ond warring ba
matters inte their own hands, Rather than treatin
expanding Islam is 9 threat, they used their inlue
among the local C hes anil monasteries
mortal populace and met with support
Hagim who'd become entranced with the teligion of
warriors willing to nemselves in thediame of
Allah, While mortal Dan pened her gates tc
a's army, the Banu Hi: pt through the
nated Const, i ardent sup
the Venteue. rv turn sbilat al-Khayal andl
Bay't Mujrim offered thi
al-Fen unsder the
the rebellious Cainites, Constantinople
nuf a Banu Hagim puppet, but rhe t
dwatrionsf Hagum had little interest
the ministeati if @ mortal city. The
n al-Fen were far more intrigued by
soming and unique expressions of art and
and sought wide he ical development
threw themselve
i the merchants and

the fall of the Umayyad to the ‘A\
transfer of the capital to al-Khu
move was relatively blosless, b
neglect for

left che U for greener pasture
Qubila h ftcr Istamn's bs
ower, whi


stoconsolidate its holdings, Only the Ray'een ale
mained in Damascus in significant numbers,

wastheit city ne they had fashioned intoa desert
jewel. They weren't willing to abandon jt so ea

DDEN Evins

Jt was also ar this time tha Annazit woke fr
torpor. He did not do so willingly; but at the behest of
five of his clinmates who needed the subtle powers of
the Ihlii al-Akbur organ pit. Charges with the new

FIslam, the Banu Haqim had struck blow

blow agaist Bauli sogholds in Iraq, Aleppo and
Tyre. In response, the five strongest of the bay'tjoined
Annazir and enacted a ritual that cured the Ba
Hagim with a terrible blood thirst that isstill spreading
through the clan. The Baalt were subtle enough to use.
the organ pit asa ritual implement but start the curse
elsewhere —they planted the seeds ina powerful Ba
Hagim warrior trapped inthe lost city of Chorazin. The
Banu Hagin uncovered him and never traced the rite
{0 its Damascene origins; this is one of the reasons the
powerful soreerersof Alamut have thus far been unable
to stop the spread of a powerful hunger for Cainite
Hood among the warrior caste, "As you thirst for out
blood" the Buali have curseil the warriors of Alamut
se you shall hunger for all blood for all time." (For
details of the blood hunger see the Flaw on page 159.
Details of the events surrounding it also appear in
Clant 3: Wolvesat

ok: Baali and Libellus Sanguin
the Déor.)

Backwater Damascus

Darshufand his fellows claimed Damascus was the

flower of the desert thanks to their patronage of
andscholurs: In truth, however, Muslims of the"
Empire considered her 3 by

tists
Bhi
water principality, She
‘was far from any contested borders (and thus unappeal-
ing) and lacked Baghdad'simportance. While political
sharks among the Ashitra and the far more anctent

amnpiresof Persia played their power games in the new
capital, the Ray'een al-Fen perfected Damascus for her
retum to glory. They played host to eoteries of scholars
from the Qabilar fawt and Walid Set, looking to
learn from the Hloarishingschools, butrarely played the
games of political intrigue one would expect from the
courts of the sultan.

With Banu Hagim atcention diverted from Dame
ascus, the shrewd Baali crept out from beneath the
city's foundations and courted! the boced Ray'

Fen. Initially, Darsh ind his brethren did
Annazir's nature (who hid awoken three cent
prior) or that of his childer. The Ray'een al-Ren be=

lieved them fellow patrons of architecture and science
who shared in Damascus' growth When Darshuf fi
nally realized who Annacit was it was too late. The
Baali pursued the perfect game hy underplaying the
reputations. Most Ashitra expected these infernalists
to be sa hild-sacriti horrors who looked
thepartofthedemonsthey worshipped. Instexd Darshul
encountered a flock of vampiresas knowledgeable and
culeured asany Ray'cen al-Fen. Ani
joy m supporting t
and the opening of
The Ray‘cen al-Fen were in dice straits. They h

took as much
fpublicmon
ss Darshut had

corrupted
scruit stray
ected by their need to

atest of
ir was well py
wep his existence secret. Though Darshul was succumb:
1 comuption, he recognized his descent. While he
childer from the coruprive Boal Darshut kept his prog:
eny, Mannal,safewithinbispalaceandtoldherlittle«
il residing in the heart of Damascus, An
pressed the complete corruption of the Ray'cen
wt he needed a respectable fagacle f
‘With jusethe possibility of mpropeiety, the Ray'
sprescnce and woul! protect hitn if

ant Banu Hagin ard al-Arnin.

DAWN OF THE FRANKS

The First Crusade was a violent ikening for the
Muslim world, especially Damascus. Now a part of the
Turkish Seljog Empire, Damascus went frm 3 backwater

ne city ficing the by

newly established Latin Kingdoms. Refugeespouring int
Aleppoand Damascus told of great slaughter atthe hands
cofcrusnlers, Worse yet, many were Christian Arabs who'd
suffered because the Franks indiscriminately murdered
everyone. The Rayen al-Fen worried that this signed
auvend to their isolation and relative autonomy, but
fortunately, Baghdad was in no position 10 enforce cen:
wed rule. The so-called capital of I had already
changed hands over! e
Syrian cirieswanted their autonomy from the caliph. This
proved a gorkend for the Latin forces whe benefited
greatly from the infighting. Damascusand Aleppo united
snkish forcesof erusalem, Antioch and Tripoli

imes to factional strife, sn

an army (o quell the fractured emirates

tion focused on Damascus,
and his Bash kinsmen vanished into the
bowels of the city. Their timing was fortut
ortal Ismaili assissinns had grown tired of the sult

BY

a


ipaign of mmunter,
uu Hagim atte
uf did not contend with
the warriors of the clan, but rather itssect of visiers and
sorcerers whe saw Dar importance
and decided co reside within the city. Darshuf and the
other Ray‘cen
‘cou but th
the Buali for h

Ture New Dawn oF
DAMASCUS

Matters in the mortal workd were drawing ro danger:
ous conclusions: Damascus, now under the cule of Unur
a long-standing ally of the Franj — found the Secor
Crusade at his doorstep in L148, This shattered

previous truce the two sides shared Ni

theaidof Damascus and helped
tumed around and used pn

were ousted from powerina quiet
would not gosilently. Darshuf turned

scene supporters who saw
Din strode through the open city
aesanal claimed the city as his own. Twenty years bi
ah al-Din succeeded hie and founded the Ayyubid
itscapital. From there,the
in roxle ayainst the Fra iy Jerwsalem a
z them to the coast
On the Ashitra side of things,
thirst for knowledge
erudition into their enemy's
w their interests, The viiers and sorcerers invariably
Nur ad-Din. sur-
Jed the city following the
anotede ghelp from the Fauna Faxtm accom:
panyingthe Saracen army. Darshut implicated their local
<lanmates in infernal ey ccusation supported by
the material in their libraries. The warriors of Alamut,
disgraced by the actions of their clinmates, destroyed the
tainted visiers and sorcerers, recalled those found inno.
cent of infernal concourse and retmed Damascus t
Ray'een al-Fen rule in exchange for silence. Unfortu-
aely, not all Banu Haqim believed Darshuf innincent of
warrior by dhe natn of Bistakh
destruction over
infermalism. Ever since, she has vowed ti
Damascene Ray'e Fen.

SALAH AL-Din's DEATH AND
=NT CONCERNS

When Salab al-Din,
tered like lass, leavin

wrongdoings
to wateh her

forced
sations of
destroy the

ed in 1193, his empire shat-
his sons, including al-Afdal,

VEIL OF NIGUI

and his shrewd brother, al-Adil, e@ fight over Dam
ascus, Currently, al-Adil rules the eity, but a siege is
coming soon. Meanw has steadily desens
amadan in hlooxly orgies
nd keeping Annatir close by et, To outsiders,
Ds riful plum, but to those
living within the city, the decadence became horribly
evident. Mannal, childe to Darshu
ing debauchery of het site, but ins!
she blames Annuzt. a
Fen peers, the childer of the other elders, have slowly
vanished or fallen to cheir progenitor's debauchery:
scus rot from

The Bashirites, in tum,
Mannal and Bistakly,t
into the city
shunt bats ito ever recover. F
c was protecting Mangal from Ann
that still holds true. His love and desire to protect her
could see him willingly submit rodestruction ifit me
saving her from Baw Flaqim retribs
y allowed hubris co get the better of hit.
ndopenly relishes hisown
knowing Annigir com:
nivel, will readily serifice him itwillkeep


theorgan pithidden and protected. Manna, secit

sire falling inter detwuchery, believes this is recer
tum ofeventsas broughton by Annazit. Si
this relationship is four centuries in the mak
ct him while uncavering the extent of Damascus'
corruption. She hopes to sway Bistakh's purge away
from Darshuf by offering the vengeful Baru Haqim 9
targets to hunt. Unfortunately, reve
stakh. Although she represents the elders of
Alamo in this matter, ssfor the downfall of the
nal-Fen, including Mannal

GEOGRAPHY
Damascus fs a fortress-city anchi
ereen, ted and yellow orch

huta Plauy, To the north of her bartlement lies

Barada River and the taany that sate the
chards' thirst. Small stone il bridges span

Barada and her watetways, lending the city a tr
Tothe northwest of Damascus le Mt, Qasiyun and
the community of Sulihiye, where the rich bu
estates and palaces,
Despite all the natural splendor that surrounds it
ans and history together,
Christian, Jewish and Musl
and minaretsdon
sts in the merchant
spok Kurilish, La sian, Ar
Turkish, Inadisn are the tongue
Damascene and traders alike. Despite her impertan
Damascus (as measured by che limits of hee walls
4006 ancl 2,450 feet wide, Outsid
Straight Street ecity in two, however
streets and intimately close
Even with this dense accurmulatior
isa wonder thar Dy
of Cainites. Local vampires have estahlishe
xelves as patrons of the city, often uiking bl
payment from their lessers. Damascus possesses a hi
transient ps of traders, slaves, sobliers a

althy mortals
the moalerate


daslake their simply buy me
the brisk trade én the reygion,

Beyond Damascus! w
Ghuta

theoreh
and the web of canals. Furt

avofthe
the
e Christi

well as Ya

orth, past Salihiye and Me. Qusivuns are t

villages of Mavalula and Seidnay,

and Menin where Roman and Greek
scipve. Ocestsi

liter the
y, Darshufand some of the elder
Damascene Cainites who can remember the far-flung,
rule of Rome or Constantinople come here to reflect or
barrow inspitition from the fleeting p

Sauntye
Slumnbering against the slope of Me
wer three miles northwest of Danis
nantly Kusdish-P,
ame into being in 1156 when an on
varned families here ankish
he ruler Baldwin of Mirabel,
‘raxes but scheme to execute
he district is still young, it isan.

Maslin

WHariqa District |

quarter with its madrasas
sanall and

icrich of Damascus
yoccupy one af many palatial

arly, Salihiye

{band of Kurdi
drift through the area, Salihiye is mostly fe
because thi

also sees the occas

ident Kurds serve within the local
and ore fi 7
family
L-Adil and al-A\

‘of the ruling household are
willing
Additionally, re
fortable

mpting targers
Damascene citizens ure uncom
1 Kurds and ursfamiliar with their
hey stay well

ound
Asaxct

Tie Ort

igh away
JARDS OF THE GHUTA PLAINS

Jing Damascus serve


Betas ni
help of Rayeen al red
Wmadrasa offers tke patron faraily some
inflitence Within the city, whether politically,
poe op goctally. She these institus

Dresinsuaewenl ‘over
ee ee eee
‘hold parriatch. Even more 80, death, burial anc
ge sete ‘ate so importanc to the Damascenes

they use chambers within their own madrasas

tombs for themselves and theip family. Ieisn'y)

comnaniin fora madras chiscrypt it)
whose windows face the main street,

as are an important dement of Dante
ascxs, and mikey method ae the Ray'een

other bay't are involved in the city's. |

they can cuitn alpreexisting school | ina
¢ lattes, madrasa
pen ell a (theor

the sole method of gprivaite property

Seite oie ofiohenpee ad many families are.
to follow the. wisties of theinchangeroms
forthe sake of the:

ideasas follow 9. ent Bie a tie

ean ame m

discovered they pro nse. The

orchards rest on jhuta Plain, which spread
from Damascus like a skirt for three mil
less than ten roxidsarriveeut the city's seve
the Barada River and her canals cut further
through the groves. Tall mud walls divide the on
fields according to ownership, while the trees ate
hed close tog atgesscale move
them. These simple but effective
creates maze od tight corridors, essentially
wed Leerdinn, me reat through the area.
we the orch d theit enclosures are
wets, cach a small fortre:
When the Latin army move
pressed through these narrow con
{shed at the hands of archers fir
the towers,

Damascus,
8, Franks
serow volleys

in the rare open

porumt facet of
relations with the d

Ar night, howe
ly romantic environs of the Ghu

from the crowds city,andaomespeculateth
Cainite exiled from Je
pwithin the orchard 1
oped home within the bosom of
Plains, covered by awild and overran

hebind of walls so labyrinthine
the Min

Damascus Proper

With such any illustrion
wistion and Islan
Rome's legacy remains in the fal
lumns and arches that silently
between housesor
ant in the skyline

scattered
rer alleys, Islam's couch
J along the sig «i the Straight
Street. Christians, surprisingly, are present in large
numbers ay well, but their influences show most
the nosthesot disttictoF he city where the odd chun
cross lies. Across the Straight Street, in the

district, lies the Jewish quarter, which is far

DAMASCUS BY NIGHT


more its faith, These
three boroughs are cities in and of themselves, with
century-old battlements separating them from other
areas, Although their street gates remain open in the
Jay, they se closed at night. This does little to i
grate the communities
Damascus altemares between stifling, clausteo-
bic streets to high vaulted arcades sheltered from
thesun. The avenuesare narrow and so tightly pa
together that the avechany of roof edges nearly 1
torully, most b

the fami

winter they move down to the first), [fa sure-footed

Cainite oF thief wished,

w could traverse most of
Damascus without ever

In fact,

ting her feet to the ground.
not th route
scrossthe city. Many vampires preferstalk

incled streetsand alleys ins here

ir w the swiftest, most obviow

fow homes-o¢ buildings

the street. Most f

Thisispartof thee

quiet

One

drank stte and

a small oasis of citrus trees,

i-water fonncaitis, (van portals ora shel:

tered spot for entertaining guests tht, these are

the communal gathering points for the residents of

They sit beneath the open sky
haring a drink of strong coffee and a few stories.

ing buildings.
Damascus is a Cainite's dream, for even the threat
wothless dog. The tight and tr:
ang that shields the s
ampires from dircet sunlight. Qoly
pon present any real dan;
a Cainite can stay aw
sug and bazaars cest at
ing, high vaulte
ould exist within the shasows

Farr RATINGS

Once the capital ofthe eailiphare and aeity holy te
Christians and Mus! alike, Damascus!
that qualify as holy The work of
undermi

protweti
the hours flanking

efor that long).

Baali has
el many of the minor sites, but several im.
portant places keep them in check, The folk

Site Faith

[Chapel of St. Ananias
inch of St. Mary

Great Umayyad Mosque

Christian
Christian
Muslim
Muslim

VEIL OF NIGHT

Srraigut STREET
Greece's contribution to Damascus: lies hidden
beneath a Rom save for the Straight Strect
vor of Hellenistic engineering follows a cla
sic grid pattern thac divides the blocks into recta,
150 by 300 feet. Subsequent building pr

ignored thisdesig nd numerousstreets
r long the way. Still, the
Stmight Stre ns somewhat true ro its name, Iris
Damascus' widest thoruughfare and central artery, with,
a torpid river of traders, travelers and merchants mi

ing up and down

TheSi

color. Hawkers shout above the din of t
accract b

isa constant clash of noise and

ic, uying to

ers to their wares, cu 8 hagyle over

fabries for better prices, slaverssell their latest stock of

captivesorchild-brides, animals bleat thelr complaints
while w hundred feet slap the stone roads sin

ht Street collects ital like runoff to the river

the Bab Sharqi (or East Gate), where the Jewish

and Christians districts face one another, th

Street ts s narrow ten (0 twenty feet across, covered

with poinred arches and thatched roofs, West of the

Jewish and Christina walls pands

proughfare

toaccommodate greate becomes ifstinictly

Muslim Shopsinid nomadic merchants #ell their wa

beneath the sheltered arcades hanying over adjoinin,
buildings. In the span of a few feet
from vendors for cookw
or slaver's pen. Along

column stands brok

1 traveler ean

ind textiles toa coffee shop
he way, the occasional Roman
v and nearly hidden behind! a large
tree or just beneath an ureade, serving as a makeshift
chatr for st peddler. Beyond the sheltered
oors for small and claustrophobic shops ant busi
nesses

At night, the indoor shops are closed, but the
arcades ure still lively for a time. Most crowds
around the coffee shops to discuss
of the day.
the st

funiness or
abs love toconjectureand hypothesize on
y he found in
1 of law cr
bout the city woukd
The men of the

of things and can oft
argumes interpret
Cainites who wish to learn mo

do well tosit in.on these convers

whether wise or not, informed.

id walls bear sone me
heir history, Havin
sions aver the cen
built and rebuilt into their current mongrel state. The
battlements are u stuarrering of different cultures, with

imascus' yates
because of faced countless inva

1s, these fortifications have been


intact Roman segments giving way to Byzantine,
Umayyad and Ayyubid engineering savyy. The seven,

es are-also stnall lessons in history lost, with
most undergoing renovations: The only one to have
survived from Roman times isthe Bab Shargl, a triple
gate with the middle and largest portal for wheeled
traffic. Otherwise, pedestrians use the two adjoining
side doors.

Tre Crrapet.
This large rectangular structure is built as part of
thecity's walls, and measures some 400 hy 7206
1 total of 12 towers. Four towers rest along the southern
inder placed at regular
eter, The citadel is
machicolated
pets it huts also
ions since its years asa Roman

m. Even now, it ix undergoing be
reforuification given the rumblings of anothe

stirring in the Latin dragon.
The citadel isthe
crison of soldieeslaves and army offic
as the royal apartments of the s
bestedefended portion of Damascus, and & recent hit
ven forthe Cainite Sultan Darshuf, Like many Ray'een
al-Fen, Darshuf initially made his home in a local
irasa. Given recent events, however, Darshuf has
indulgd in parmoia and sequestered himself in thi
He appears occasionally to head court meet
ings, but he expresses most of his wishes through bis
Visier Barqat (who isalso a lackey for Annasir),

Harign District
In the southern shadows of the citadel lies the
ict, an open and primarily Mustim section
of Damascus that runs down to the Straight Street and
east to the border street of the Umayyad Mosque. The
Hariga district still bears the original grid pattem that
the Greeks laid out centuries ago and is the only
portion of Damascus whose avenues neither snake not
‘wist. Here, Hamidiye sug runs parallel to the citade!'s
ahem walls, This bazaar sells a variety of wares, from
Damascene steel swords to home essentials, and resty
ben

ewith,

ith thick «i
along the towers
seen numerous renoy,

p pockets of darkness
1 floral the ground with swaths of
shadows, Even oil lampsare hard-pressed to drive
the penumbra, At night, it isn't income Ba
Hogim, Mutasharid or Mujrim 1 hide among
ceiling's tattersand watch the proceedings below them.
‘On the caster border ofthe district lies the Maristan

Nur ad-Din, a school and hospital of some repute built

using a cruciform design with high vaulted ceilings in che
four halls. Boththelargenorthen
treating
entrane

andwestem hallsarefor
jents; the eastern one, set actess the min
is used for consulting of as a clasesom for
stuxlents of medicine. The southern hall hk a
Nurad-Din himself founded the Marita) iny 1154 from
ransom money provided by the crusaders forthe return ot
their soldiers. Since then, it has continually undergone
renovations to expand its capacity and function, With its
lange courtyard travicing a cool shelter from the deen
sky, and the compassionate practice of rm
better equipped and more proficient than any European
pgeon house.
The Hariqitdistrict, che citadel and thearea around
vad Mosque remain firmly under the patronageof
the Ray'een ‘and Qabilat al-Khayal, both ela
ing links t the Ashirta, since mast of D.
Islamic landmarks including Salah al-Din's Tornby are
situoited in this quarter of the city. While this doesn't
prevent other Aay't from visiting and enjoying the
lisericc's suqandhomes, theRay'een al-Fen and Qabilar
al-Kh: iderit bad form and an insult

ourside their clans te "eponeae" (howl) a re

alco yone
st of
this area
Althoughnorofficially apart of Hariqg,the Ray'eer
al-Fen also offer patronage to
the street parallel to 1
Mosc

Damase

1 stg ain shops lining
c southern wall of the
This partially sheltered arcad
finest wood craftsmen, Their work ean he
seen across the city —at various madnisas, moses and
and their services are in great demand.
ith from the down to the Straight
Street is also the Suq al-Brouriah, which specializes in
ul confectioneries, while an adjacent
ds the: Perfume Suq and the telatively mun:
tomb of Nur ad-Din. Closer to thy intersect! ni
raight Street lies another of Damascus' common
ahamam (the Nurad-Din Hamam in this case) or
bathhouse. These white fagade structures offer hot
baths and ste for theie clientele. At night,
they remain open for the city's Gainite patrons who
often arrive here alter rising and spend the evening
discussing business or politicking

mayyad

ayyap ANd THe Happab District
The Umayyad Mosque is the landmatle of Dam

ascus. Its size dwarfs all buildings save the citadel, and
itis the fiest gre ue of Islam, iy aad
actual site predates Islam by centuries, if vor a millen:
nium. In the time of ¢ Damascus, it was a giant
temple for the god Hada jor Jupiter-Haddad. In,

those early years, the temple compound was signifi

DAMASCUS BY NIGHT


rrenrenclosure. During
its pagan days, i¢ was also under the influence of the
Beall. In the fourth century, however, a gr
Christians drove the Baali out (supposedly with the
ely of al-Amin devil-slayers) ilt the smaller
Church of St. John the
eighth century, the Mu
tion and offered the Christi

ally, an the
for the loci
s lone permanent sites
where they could build or maintain their churches.
a mosque
Umayyad was the first: mosq

thar time, it has remaine

feature

gMecea)and

rain, aind thus served as inspiration for

Is run 1,000 by 1,250,

sccoversl by

hand rich carpecing, and

c |. Because the

Arak build

neering techniques, they

relied on Byzantine architecture dnd reused Roman
toric columns to support 1 ryan an

still lacked proper eng

forest of cok
andl ity impressive dome ser on the
itself (which dominates: the nlf of the
mosque), the Umayyad Mosque has randeur thar
swoul shame many 1 cathedral

The

ards the Christian;

southern,

in influence over the
retained in this area. W
and married the w

ven the Romans first arrived
hip of the goxl Hlaskdad with
hey rebuilt che temple and included
pound chambers that ¢ e
entire complex. Afrerthe Christians erceted the Church
# St. John the Baptist, they unknowingly destroyed
nels and chambers immediate
nder the re

of the te

Above grout

a mare of ex
wider than sm with the
eves plying &
sand hushish

these lanes

green and fetid water while creeper vines cover build
ing fingades,

VE, OF NIGHT

es und fwems like curtains. Strangers

be Baal: 's
perverted " Mex the arty "Athen Amid
thefallen idee
ee vadry well hundted fect deep.
Thanks to-centuries of sacrifice, the Baali have
See ine cat with intards and vital
Siete -Alchar js amor the longest surviv=
iam bo dere an rina for
Mi, The: inherent magic of this malignant
E ik crown to "the entrails placed
The Baal also throw their
newly Enibraced intothe well to sce if they have
enough ray el back up to the top.
Centuries ayo, age of povverine
ou il such as the iuthieak of
rele ‘anid Tits fellow
ee ey coed coe pit to curse the Banu Hagin,
cs LaecAEBE be te Sn
seapon, If the Banu Hagim or aleArain ever dis
shu thie pit ae: to the curse, they
iad completed

eu eopieeae

i kale the power to hide from
pit, That fins remained irs greatest

|) then. Those who sleep m the pit ek Le

eee vt the devil-slayets hunting them
Thame iy Beall who spend the day |
pthin bli l- Akbar eainslinited km
ae hr, Anyone attempting
Disciplines orthe arcane to. question a Baal
stoucceed hy two whit successes togather
information. A he las slope

ieeaaine there

poor souls to Maristan Din, however, they
ly und quietly into the confounding maze
y of the miserable the minions of the Baal,

er, andl trade sway paitt fora taste of blood

ath Haddad lie the crumb punts of the


tran
Laclsn

Tre Curistian District


At the opposite corner of the Christian quarter,
nearthe eastern wall, isthe Chapel af St, Ananias, who
wave sheltertoSr, Maul the Apostle after he was blinded
from his conversion. From the exterior, it appears a
simple courtyard with a fountain and encompassing
arcade. In the rear, however, arestaits hewn inte sto
thot lead down into the underground chapel. The
struct wus Once Ananias' house but has since be-
come a chapel for the faithful
Like the Haddad district, this area ist maze of streets
and back alleys, but itis far safer than its western nei
The Bashirite Mujrimin, fervent Chnstians, make
havens here and protect their territory fiercely. This
wcalyptic sect of vampires has long been part of Dame
ws shadow and is heavily invelved with the trade
cs. The Ray'eer al-Fen were predominantly inter-
slamic arts, and «allowed the Bashirites slice
of Pamascus.ard continued about beautifying their por
anity's spiritual and economic life,
fere with the Ray'een al-Fen, at least until recently. No
the Christian quarter isa place of refuge for Mannal ibe
Darhuf and any Cainite seeking uy escape or fight the
Buuli's comuptive influence

Jewisu District

Similar to the Christian district in its general cond-
tion, the Jewish quarrerisan isslatedsegmentof Damascus,
introverted and intimate given its
Forone thing, thisarea issomething
h mundown homes and ill-kepe streets.
ty shan! working: andl close-knit bur faces
anil sietal disadvantages in a Muslim city
Tl nositesof importance alnoteyexcept
1¢ local temples. Otherwise, the Damascene Jews live
invisible lives, far from the concerns of their Mustina anid
neighbors, Because of theie limiving status as

thelocalsprefer working within their cor
Few ever rise to the position of yan, especially given the
great deal of competition amony Muslin alone. If this
seems like a perfect opportunity far persecution and
hurasanenton the purt of the Baal it isnot. Although 110
Cainite has ever seen or encountered this individual, the

of adam, fil
The comn

Jewish district is reputelly protected by at least one
Kabbalist-sorcere

The Ray'een al-Fen ignore this region because it
fallsheneath theirinterest, while the Bashirin
remain across the way in t
only Cainites who make theit havens here are a small
band of Mutasharidin whe » Embraced from the
local stock. Under the leadership of Moussa bn Yacoub,
the Mutashuridin owe nominal feah y the Ray'een
al-Fen and remain free of the growing conflict. Unfor
VEIL OF NIGHT

tunately, the Banu Hagim have been pressing the

Mutasharidin to join the alliance against the Ray'een

aL-Fen. Asa result, the Lepers have retreated into the

Jewish quarter like hermit erabs. They guard against
al with incredsing paranoia and follow anyone
ing through the district.

At-Sacuir District
Last but not least of the districts is al-Saghir, which

rests adjacent to the Jewish quarter. Stretching from the
Roman Arch on Straight Steet, this mostly Muslim
community occupies the remainder of southern Dam
ascus. Unlike its northern counterpart, it holds virtually
no Islamic attractions, but the hames and avenues are of
better caliber than those in the easter half uf the
The streets twist with the same Istumic aesthetic that

ppreciates soft flows and curves, and the courtyares are
well maintained and lush with the oasis blowin of citrus
trees. AL-Sachir caters to merchants, shop owners and
thoseof moderate incomes. Many fami liesare aspiring or
households hoping to rise to some posit
cof authority within che city's sometimes nebulous hier-
archy. Chief among them are the local blacksmiths
responsible for forging the Damascene blades, With
steady patronage from both the localamirs anda yrowing

demand for their craft throughout the Islamic, world,
these blacksmiths are enjoying an unprecedentl surge

in wealth and position even though they a
a'yan or of the leamed elite. Sultan Darshut fosters
patronage of the Damascene blacksiniths but is more
interested in using theirsuccess to promote himself into
‘aposition of poweramongother Cainites, Darshut hopes
that by bringing the blacksmiths under his influence, he
ean gain the respect ty of other bay's, His plan is
Suttering limited success, however, since both the Banu
Hagim and Qabilar al-Khayal are artempring the same,
not to mention the Bashirite Mujrimin who influence
the export of the blades.
‘While the families living nears

some affluence, those closer to the walls are of meag
incomes. The region bordering Damascus' battlements

poverished, even though most household mem-
hers work to cke out an existence engaging in petty
manual work. Because, uecording tolslamnic lore, Adam
and Eve's punishment was essentially hard physical
labor, many Ambs believe this type of chore to be
demeaning and even cursed, Thus, Arabs delegate
these chores co slaves and frown upon anyone engaged
in them "willingly." Ln terms of social standings, these
poorer but industrious sections of cityare nearly ob par
with a leper colony.

av'totfictally


ASHIRRA IN THE
GARDE

While Cainites recog a Ray'een
al-Fen enclave, the fact remains th
passed ity zenith und now

Darshuf's star h
groundvard. An
the patronage
the Banu Hagin
What

trying to uncover proof of in

tempers their unprecedented pa

that the Ray'een al-Fen know about th on of

their visiersandsorcerers The
nu Hagim, save for the zealous Bistakh, ds

this revealed and cread carefully lest the Ri

announce this humiliation publicly, Unfortunateh

the Bana Hagim, Darshuf has never con

ractice

panicipated directly in any Baali ceremonies. He is a

cen to black vices, cervainly, It is

outright infernalism,
Tine at the R:
wn progeny. Led by Darshut's childe

removing the Baal
Lins of the Banu Hagim Bistakh, who wanesto

Ray'een al-Fen over an ancient vendetta and
pmof todos. Bitakhaboenjoysthe supporto the Qabil
al-Khaygl under Been

heheliewesn

Raven (whoseeks to retake
rightly Magister domain). Qurside this
rest the resident Mutasharidin and, partially, the
Bashirite Muyrimin. Both factions se
at play and know an alliance with o

hers. If they side
-Khayal, the pu

confl

Qubilar
nuently

‘of the city might conve:
nem. ltbey se with Mannal,and hersire

he Rayeer ab-Fen could expunge the
Mutashar from the city in retaliation.

leams of this,
Bashirites a

nwilling
ake decisions in a vacuum of ignorance. So while the
Banu Hagim, Qabilatal-Khayal and Ray'cen al-Fen dace
round each other, the Mujeimin and Mutasharidin spy
fromthe shadows anxl do theit best to

both bay' care

her information.

are the intractable Baali

irthreatens their relative security through his
mctions with the Ray'een al-Fen. The Baali may act
ast Anniazit before

nily jeopardizes theie socre
but they currently lack the power to destroy this infernal

elder on their own. Instead, the B
meansto dispose of Anna
betray

ali seek
and one method
hhim to the Banu Hagit

BALI PATRONS OF ROT

The Baali have always kept their numbers t

Wi three ro five mem
win the swarms growing wi

it. They all exist berwath arul seld
Haddad districts Annuzir is the
travels the city openly, much to the

1 of hs lesser

the street
only one wh
silent consternat

Twnazir, Eber of DaMascus

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Gall

Embrace: 12th century BCE
Apparent Age: late 2
Annazirdimlyr. prea

remembers the destroy

nightsof his cla
uch as Chorusin. Hi

 Shattan and longs for thon

Fover citi
Umes of terroragain, Annasir counts hims
Bao
the nest and its organ pir survived because
cunning. Fro

served the bay't

ttle in Damascus and rightfully claim

asa priest and caretaker

Iblii al-Akbar have filled him with delusions of

grandeur. As an elder, he is no longer satisfied with

DAMASCUS BY NIGH


in the shudows and influencing
there. He longs for powe

nts from,
to watch events
sons
me

Currently, Anna residence"
tn the Horiga quarter, even though he continues

sleeping in the Baali
self off as a humble Ra

in pit. Fle passes bum.
sw al-Fen who advises
rs luding Darshaf, bue in cruch
ne influences them. Although he's grown bold,
nple distance from the deli m of
crossed paths with
sins before and knows they are in Dam
ler some agenda. As such, Annazir is

s¢ either Darshuf ot hi

vats ro distract the Bi

TAN OF LepERS
ion, childe of Dirsach

Ager carly 405

ally an Egyptian trader tra
in the years of By

the Levant. When the Banu Hagim attacked and

destroyed a generous nuraber of Baall nests, X

escaped and returned to Damascus to wen his nas
ters of the growing danger. His actions cared him
the Embrace. Since that time, Xeper has cemained
hidden in the shadows ofthe Haddad quarter, watch
ing Damascus grow, He hasalso seen Aninacir comm

unforgivable m Jing allowing the Baa

to comer themselves in Haddad with the power

them. Now Ani
sre sect
younger Bali to act
matter stopping them is
per fully understands ts secret
his master. Until ¢
tnains hidden in Haddad, trying to find a
the Banu Hagim to destroy Anna:
ening the other Baal

Bastarire Masri
PATRONS OF THE BLADE
The Bashirite taction of Bay
their elder Bashir sleeps in torpor so
day's travel of Damascus. They
li home and say they have
since the days of Christ, when

with the Savior, Since the rise of Islam, however,
Mujrimin have been in decline. Varsik, the in
powerful member of the bay'r, moved to Jerusalem
long ago. Now only three members-of the clan cal
Damascus their home, They h

district a

ind Xeper ha
ir elder, The only
's control over the

Mujeiea claims
ewhere within
I the city the
en present here
shir himself met

hirites have steered clear
stead focus on sf
ul thei nights protectis
ind inspiring the f
aims and visions, The Ray'een
itwosthe Bashirin

tothe north. The
local politickin
ters. They sp

from outside:

with a

's Minding vision
ds with the Chris-

dan sect of Banu Hagim, hence their ability to help
Mannal when she first came to them. Since that

hirites havesome

u they've been caught in a dilerma as to th
vement in the entire matter. The Bashirites
enjoy their neutrality as traders, bur the possibility of
uption is too troubling ti ignore. For
¥y remain nonpartisan, but they are willing to
nrited support to Mannal at the yery least


however, in he
This hus caused some

They aren't, interested
Banu Hagin upend the city

UT THE SILENT

7th generation, childe of Sallam

t believed
ne wasdying when his
n with a pr
of impen

¢ hands of C Jets. Since that t
red God and the ¢

Es‘kut endures a yow af silence in
} and finding answers t
mm upon the Becoming: he

-entuty

commun
Chin

1. it often takes
t's intent, Es'k

nds himself

i in the conflic nth
Hagin, it will distract him fre
slyacion and bis

or helping

DaAMASCENE RAY'EEN ALF
Parrons OF HERITAGE

The Ray'een al-Fen, chief pat
families, are a house div
elders der the thi
h wing: hh
ys who were
While Mat
believe that

ruption has taken

asts the Bashirite

en are the pr
(publicly) of Damascus. They invo
mortal affairs the
turn theit home af
then

res wit a patronage

AN oF DAMASscU

aastantinople. Whe
asthe iikal religion of the south, Ds

tunity fo unseat hissire from preeminen

of serving Constantinople at the

DAMASCUS BY


unascus — and seize rete of clan
Enimachia returned to Constantinople
but her By
She later fled
and vanished:

sathe
© Europe an embitre
Darshuf, through enuousalliances with the B
has remained

patton, Untortus

Damascus' Cainite sulta
ly, hi
tothe whisper

in no infern s, Darshuf privately

alized slaughter and
progeny Mannal b

jor along with his!

in disturbing
orgies. Hi
the his behav

remain free of Baalic
the Banu Hagin delegation in Salihiye distric
pposedly a secret, he also knows
squesters himself in
and speaking thr

of their presenc

will

ealize that it was in. fact Mannal who

un by bringing the assassins into the city

VEIL OF NIGHT

neration, childe
Caretaker

 Darshuf
jor: Defender

Embrace: 828 CE

Apparent Age: ea s

Mannal remembers Darshuf fondly when hy

came mily. He'd always provided for
her and enc Ther pu
When the Embrace came

father to her th

wits asa Young woman.
s the Darshuf Mannal
remembers and wishes to protect. Her pleas
were intended to rid the city of the Bi
pected among them, drow the
wrath against her sire
Mannal is
of justice and rig!
us. With Bi

st now find a way to

nu Hagim while

J, she is trying to

th the Mutasharidin
s met with litt

+ site from the B:

still

etrust and friendship <
Bashirite Mujrimin, bu
wuccess thus

Baraat, Mouturece or Darsiur

6th generation, childe

Nature: Surviver

Masser


the Ray may

thus heap embartas

a Hagim, Alamat wants its del
ceed slowly and leave ne untuet
sment. Unfortunate!

h, has nc

hiding fr sv elders to continue her personal
crusade. Bistakh's actions have already reveated thy

nd driven Darshuf into hidiny

Bisraxn, Sworp or Hai
9th generation warrior, childe wf Fahd abu

Demeanoi
Emb
Apri

heRay‘cenal-Fen Embraced him into thea told. Since

har time, he's disp knack for 9 1 solte

quickly earning him a place by Darshuf's side

amnbitions Baryat followed,

1 when it meant des gstraight into Annacit

slated and fi

PATRONS OF THE Jc

wo infernalism, Damascushecame theirshame
nal sought help in ridding the city of B

ver, Alamut thought they could avenge their


hey uncovered evidence of his inferrul
Bistakh knew her sire well enough to
vt fore movin,
den of the World.

nal-Fen that betrayed h

Onee she leamed it was the
im, Bistak

it was a shortsighted ern
amu Haiqi
omeone within Alamut hoped te
in the Ray'e

ise her asinscape goat
ab-Fen's destruction. Regandle

wants Mannal, Darshuf an

m destroyed,
them is nor an option. She
wants the Ruy'een al-Fen humiliated and

he hatet

xonerated. As such, she visits Damascus nightly, spy
ng On or questioning various Individuals, trying

licit the Mutasharidin's or Mujtiiin's help, ar fallow
recently arrived Cainite
but het

Bistakh may be cnn
fy getting the better of her. Ir won't be loow
he reverts to threats

QaBILAT AL-KHAYAL

PATRONS OF SHADOWS

The Qubilae al-Khayal of Damascus h

remained a stmall and quiet faction. ltvitiall
desett trade routes, they liter swore fealty t
Banu -Fen, and en
trenched themsely
region. When Bagh
elder M:
the young m hayal
‘een al-Ber

in's lackeys, the Ray'een
within the bureaucratic life of the
{became the Islamic capital, the

sisters left, leaving their

ilder behind. Fora

rved

isters, but when Anny

nor and simply ret
ply re

ald not influence th wultan,

ie Qab

Finke

and realized

however, the Baal intercepted the
Tirhuan's fate

n thei The remaining mem.

proved ¢

wus following Tithan's di
atal-Khayal af By

ume leadership. Sin

appearance. The
pdlad sent Brenda the Raven
ice her arrival, the nornally
*ppreciated childe of Qabilar al-Khayal has he

quiet force of reckonin
Brenpa THe Raven
hilde of Masera

eanor: Defender

VEIL OF NIGHT

Embrace: |
Apparent Aj
Brenda the Rav

din the Lev
sade. As part of anew g
Holy Lands,

bails from Latity parents: whe
hoetly following the Birse Cru

ieration of Franks born in the
nda grew up more Arab than Eu
layed
of her heritage that

In fact, she di

acceptboth sid

pad unerring capacity te
he Latin Magisters
Embraced her as an intermediary between them an d
the Qabilar al-Khayal of Baghdad. Brenda the Raven's
easy manner and tritile eared hee

place within the Islumic¢ were she remained
aunbassador. With the eventual dissolution of the Kis
dom of Jerusalem, Brenda converted

hervelf Ashirea

J began to cal

Since her conversion, Brenda the Raven has riser

to unprecedented power within the Baghdad hay't
Wher Salah al-Din made Damascus
‘once more, the Qabilat al-Shayal w

claim their formerstatusthanks ©

© unable f

Tishan'sinterference
sdisappearance, however, th
to" unite their Damascene bre
prepare the way for the M
exithe potential

Fotlowin sent Brenda

en," hopingshe could
sisters' retum, Brenda,
however,
the Banu Hagin and not only
hegemony over the city b
(ec. herselt)

ingratiate herself wit
na Ray'eet ale
place the Qabilat ak

ower. She currently sides with Bi


but re

deal directly with the Banu Hagim delegation while

nal and he

PATRONS OF

swearing fealty to S

Marasnarinr
WUuisPERS

The Mutasharidin of
listricr, if

ews them:

ha regional pedigr
the Baali, the Muc
fim days before thi

cient as
1 Damascus
introduction. of Christianity
Throughout those cent
e Bali, and, at-rimes,

Mutasharidin are leprous beasts who shun

In truth, however, the Mutasharidin are more akin
nsters. They know the

ist within the city J

to vigilant guards than

bur the Lepers hav
isolated over the years
bef small nu
responsibility co
Murasharidin
0) that by aiding the Banu Haqim in uncov
t al-Fe and the Baa
s, the other bay't will take sole credit for the
jutashpeidin's actions. some Dama.
Lepees fear that rh
sult, they remai

wn insular and
They've fought the Baali
ber helieve it's their sole
1 the them,

re convinced (and perhaps righ

they yemy of one or more factions. As

eutral and pursis
until they can m

unified decision,

Moussi inn Yacot
8th gener
Nature:
Demeanor

Embrace

Yacoub
Innovator
03 CF

has always known Damascus

el into ton isnootherdomain
bur he fears that the

he destroy the city he

1 rather be
loves. Ibn
shop owner on

Straight Str

sultans flow
me to h

J his

vendetta, an
with the By

he forbids th

he ha
provide som
Mustinn

ctand earned the M
his Roman chentele ar
hy him. Once Embea

aridin
the

id, he enter

erable clans ind bee

lows. Over the centuries, ibn Y

stream of both mortal and Cui
after the Baal
his f

pit y In
d the Mutashar
Their dest
nd it is a trophy un
1 Haagim «
e other Matas!

cir clan

posit
vor, ann 4 8 pur
nd helping Damascu
hai
ub do
Baali

idered sending

he latter entails isa my

DAMASCUS BY NIGI



alerayed
2Igninst

De voho has a thousand iends
has not a friend to spate, and he
who has one ener voill mect
hirn coernvohere.

-Ali. br - Abi Talib foucth Caliph
A Oundeed Senjinigss


he atackers, but his persuasive abilities and wide
range of knowlege about the supernatural crentures
world must aso have played a par. His leters of wamiiny to
chulder droughoue the lands of Ista have proven to he wsefil
tomost Ashns, and ay a result they ane excerpted damnghout
this section,

TuHat WHICH
STALKS THE NIGHT

You may wish 1 expose your troupe to the full range
I world The temptation
‘The Dark Ages

isalways pre

agate Dy Taal

hut he careful not todilute the theme and

story of ye 1¢ by turing it into a Monster-ofthe-

The supemanural beings derailed below can be added

tojustabout any chronicle, and, ckspitethischapterstithe
es Ananc

‘ainite might serve as his

mentor, while old ood} on a mortal
promise to lead the wayward into the light of Allah.

Decide ahead of time how closely the antagonists

below will adhere to their own "nustive" rules. The Vame

Mark Ages rulebook describes most of them in

you not his me th a le

Setrgiaemcnpnte ene ey

fraflic with spirits ofthe mysticphanes Hitkerterfis |
ie me :
ing curse ts passed
aaah tery teers

"ino your sina |
ae

passing, but nearly all of these have their own World of

Darkness: mare detail thane:

other cases, it's just not worth struggling to reconcile the

themes and costologi

enemy wizards into the Ba

chapter provides exuivalent Disciplines for most cre

tures' powers; Storytellersdesiring mare accurate al
ncouraged to seek out the appropriate rulebook:

ALY YADIN}
AMPIRE HUNTERS

Iwas sheer chance that stumbled across him when Idi
return to my haven dec hours before the memniny's ight. 1
Aah ficult night anc anges ath fow friends, anes
fume far earlier than usual. He was atleast as surprised by my

sas by is presence in my seeping chamber. | ra

ad Luce had the bung deere, be I clearly
remember his outfitting: he was clad all m Hack, eth Mock
fins om much of his face. Hl crated few wveaden sakes,
few opaque jars and u sharp sword. Ave! his prepamation! Fle
teas getmg ready ty hide in my seeping chamber, presiorably
thence to seie at me after the Raw sim's tse!

m lunls, hunters of the
ar to work in group

di
concept vf witeh, much less. witeh-hurner,
‘squite foreign to the faith. However, there are these who
fall prey to Ashita orother creaturesandadope the ethics
Maslin warrior to purse Although
‘not omzanized, th
saya agin (3
Most ceyyatin are driven by a nced for vengeance, but
nearly all retain sme vestigial sense of honor that guides
them in the hunt, They recognize that the horror that
‘with them ts.an evil, wicked thing, but that
he creatures of the night fead

she ayaa must stalk his prey
habits, strengths and weaknesses, and make
ve smike. Should he fail, he has likely signe
oy warrant, for varapires are not knowr
datrack on a varie may simply

Embrace the mortal upstart. None of these things are
acceptable to most hunters, and some do have poison on
hand to consume if they are cataght


Most sayyalin take up the stake after 1
personal lossatthe handsof the creaturesofthenight. The
stereotypical sayy isa nan whee family hasbeen Killed
orenslaved bya fiend of some sort, but won take
upthe cause, Although they sometines first support from
local umam, qads or ‘udama, they mest often beak with
nortat! authorinesed thetr m. They see themselves e
person jihad and chin stheonly
thing staving off madness. Cx community,
most eventually self-destruct or suffer a complete me
breakdown, but afew sualk the ni pany Years.
Ingame sazyyadin are re; wunians, althoush
some have access True Faith Trait and most eam
unpewta combat abilities: Imams and other Isamic
nics and scholars may also have Exorcism. Those who
various deningements. See pages 182-187 for nm
True Faith in the Islumie context

CRESADERS

A few weeks later, Jerusalem, {encountered a grengi of
Fran cally themselues Knaghts Templar. They were crvsa
ers, as ome might expect, but | caukl feel a
and wielding a great sword, the crusader drow me au
his very sight

us encenunter di

distuas me greatly, Perhaps tus rain
wielded some toholy Franj magic or served one of their
Hocd-dignkers, but the bur
Ged? But sumely He did not inten
from the Earth.

16 1197, membersofall heve faithsort

Jerusalem, under a peace treaty negotiated berween

pal-Dinand Richard the Lion-Hearted in 1192. This
treaty comes toan ena late in 1197, but for the rime being,
Jews, Cl pass by one another
the streets of that holies
that many Christians continue to make pilgrimages
Jerustlem, Among the most faithful ot Christians
Jerusalem are the Knights Hospitaler and dhe Knights
‘Templar. They cannot walk the streets of the city armed,
burtorsome, theirfaith alone sufficesasa weapon against
the torces of darkness

Of course, not every priest sand pilgrina has teue faith
in God nur does every crssading knight. Perhusps one
crusader in twenty haas such fervor in his faith thot the
Jamnes! chikler of Caine ean feel his presence from st
Jistance: only one in twenty of those has raore than one
Jor in the True Fai

Most crusader ce thos hneth.
ren thatean feel the breath of Goal, Should one of these
point ata vampire and shout that he isaservant of the

SE


nost will take up arms and attack. So while the

The Templirsand Hos

a variety of other super:

Powerful Christian orders, they have attracted
ecbrokers of all stripes. Some Franj vampires —

pawns. «Temp!
alers are knights. Even without faith or sorcery,
skilled warrior with a sword anda sure hand can pos
serious threat 19 a Cainite.
More isormuation ort tristan knightsin the Holy Land

\savailable in Jerasalem by Night and The Ashen Kn

Tu TEN

THOUSAND
D MONS

range W the easter ‘emnpires — that of the
wary Taugast —we Ashira
a sin no Westerner recog
‘ moms" in their orn ferexgn
ud T we no doube that is what they are. Like us,
they drink the blood of men, but they also wield powerful
temible f sume have wigs, while
m limbs ta cast them after

once their respect tan Emp
t0 the east, Stray

or of the nea, th
sol, ehere are repoms that

things breathe and can separate ther haus from ther xe.
The omy hhongof which lam sere ts that they hate ovr lk and
‘tack all shose who set foot im the lands they call their

Terayast és a place of dangers

Storytellers using Kindred of the East or World of
Darkness: Blood & Silk may wish to tntreshuce Wa

(called Kuei-jin in the Fina
ones. They are

‘Samarkand. Even the
sparsely in Catnite stores

ribic vampire
another

» the Wan Kuet are best used

id Wan Kuei ate awfully ign.
i the first paragraphs of this
ber that the
nt of the Wan,

section suyzest); Storytellersshould
racters in her troupe shoukl

ountered in Islamic lands yge there
them (which alinost always
across lands wikl or settled in
artifactsor mystical know

Keason; gr
appear tn fives) tr
earch of holy sites, nag
edge. Demons found
th world, orare assassins or spies; Cainites ot
rulers who have done harm to Wan Kuci hold
ings farther east may find themselves on the sharp end
of ameeting with their victims' undead protectors

eastward with Araya
tthe Silk Rood is a hostile

set upon by a horde of scx

course; as befits their west

Wan Kuei who attack such groups of trivele
stealthily or from agree dist
groups of Wan Kue

ice, with magic. (
night give their Islamic counter

non the Wan Ki

ood
> descend on the Muslim world ina few decades,
iso plagued by these demons (and some:

id irr Wind from the East.


Takaiax, Demon OF TauGast

Taxajiun is a member of the Western Trident corpse
family; she andiher undead siblings have traveled west in
search of a powerful mystical site so that they cam tap its
power for Heir own wse. Tarajion was & wicked woman in
life, but now follows a philasophical path kaiown cs he Way
ofthe Resplenden Crane, in which she endeavors to perform
facts to atioe for hey life's¢eid. Of cintrse, she sul considers
the spawn of, Gain to be her eviiisind her pilosoby
eeriainty dies nox spare therm her surath ahoidd they cross her

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4;
Charismi3, Mampulation 3, Appearance 3:Perception,
2, Intelligence 2, Wies 3

Abilities: Acadetties 2, Alertness 2, Archery 1,
Brawl ty Crafts, Dodge 1, Faiquette 2-Expressiot |,
Geogriphy3, Intimidation 2, Law 1, Linguistics (Ui
Anabic) 2, Marcial Aris 2,
1. Periorinince 2

Disciplines : Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Potence 2,

MAGES AND
SORCERERS

prufed-p pompoity
ted follon

tae, I bravel ed that his jinn
m, and that wast pathetic,
ine amather
ual escape
in which his dynwu thonghefuly deposited mem
le workers frequent every hazaar in. the
atm to be able to heal illnesses, while
wothing. While il
& few coins here
es 08 ning crowds hu


Ant--Batin

The Ahl-i-Batin predate [sam but manyhave adopted!
the preceptsof the faith into their own belief system. Their
Ihiscory is unclear to the Ashi, but the growsp is rarnoreal
tohave come out of the union ofa groupotrwn other types
cof wizards, hundreds of years ago, The Batii, called the
‘Subtle Ones, nirely reveal their presence or theirtrue ends,
bur those who know members of the tradition well sy the
sroups goal isdeceprively simple:the unityof humankind

mn could see the accomplish-
‘went of their goa! on dhe far horizon, Centuries asc, the
Abl-4-Batin constructed a nation-spanning magical pat
teen they call the Web of Faith. This mystical netting was
anchored in a series of underground cistems and other
architectural wonders und allowed magical energy to be
shuffled ‘ity toanother in times of need, and thar
power give the Abl--Batin the ability todefeat sconfe-
erationof very powerful wizards that they claim —rothose
few they confide in — served Hell,

The Web's power has hegun to fade in recent years, for
reasons the Ahli-Patin do not en wlerstard, Seame
lamethe depreditionsof the forcesof Hell othersstigzest
that the Taftant wizards (see below) ate responsible: stall
others suggest that n construct as powerful as the Web of
Faith simply cunnoe persist forever, and thag this degrada
tion is just a function of age. However, the Web's power is
certainly great enough to led magical strength to those
Batini who must challenge a nconre vampire; Cainites,
should be warned

The AhbicHatin are subtle and silene magi. They

Jy tip their hand to reveal their ue desires, they rarely
even reveal their presence as a wizanl to those whi have
not already norices such. To the average traveler,
isjustanother merchant orschobae They prefer th
easier to work when no b

aid or expectations of wizandly prowess. Even more 0,
‘enemies cannot strike at opponents they cannot find. The

Ahlci-Barin work behind the scenes: More than one e
siding duke from Europe hos met his end acthe hands
Borini assassin, buc few of those commandingthe Cru
know the narure and ponver of thoxe opposing them.
Many Abl-i-Batin mages are devout Muslims who
pry to Mecea five t dietary law and fist
over Ramadan; as suck, some might be sympathetic to
truly devout Ashita and indeed, rumor bas i, a Batini
wicant helped develo Ashirra call ssh
Gee page 160). To gain. the aid of a Botint sorcerer,
though, a vampire would have to prove his faith —
especially given Islam'speohy drinkanghloed
aty ofother Batiniarenon religious, orfollow jaa
hove faiths, Such help is very rane, though. Most often,

chagrin of those they face others treat vampires en
ments to the unity they seek and go about elimin
them.
Sonics from Allah — the unity they seck
asprayerto the Lon Above.
meditation and chanting allow the Batini to more
fully grasp the oneness of God and see leur the ps
bringing all to oneness. They also empl
sacred geometry t0 tap into the powers of Allah,
importantly through the Web of Faith. Unlike the Ta
the AhLi-Barin we their magic forsubtle purpewses theyre
masters of othe inds and moying quickly and quietly.
THETANI

The Taftani is the common name for the orherman,
sect of Arabian wizards. Unlike the Aht-t-Batin, the
Taftani are not People of the Book; they do not follow
Islam at all, bur rather a. houge-podge of pre-Islamic
religions, each as befits his own path to enlightenment.
ings of Zarathustra (or "Zoroaster" as the Greeks would

pantheon of gods from Mithna
oF a scheme of their own devising:

The Laftani hold Istam in great conternpt, forit isthe
followers of Islam who have pushed their own philoso
phies to the outskirts of modem life. Though Muslims
throughout Arabian linds claim to tolerate
ism, forinstance, communities of Zorcantrinns were forced
at swordpoint (0 convert to Islam. This sort of practice
‘enraged Taftani, who lived in such communities and
depended on then for support

ny times the

Taftani depend on the dimni, whe Zoroasn Tateani

thetr miracles. These beings

its of the world, often in service of the forces of

good; they are familiar co Banu Hagim sorcerers as well
(and are described in more derail below).

The Zoroastriun faith holds forth that the creator of
the universe, Ahura Maze, és ultimately good and will
eventually triumphoverhisenemy,the evil god Arman.

wever, the burtle itself remains worth fighting, because:
nanity can speed the eventual triumph of Ahura

a by doing wood deeds and fighting wickedness in all

its guises. [ts in this conflict thar the spawn of Came are
most likely to encounter the Taftani. Many of therm
believe that the Abl-1-Butin wisards ure themselves incar-
cof Alinmuan's wickedness, und fight them as they

1 of darkness; they recoil from purifying
they hide iy darkness, they deceive, steal and
ber. Taftani might not aways ger involved with
sampites' activities, bat almost no Taftani will a
should he encounter a creatiire of the night


Taftani magic concems the physical world and the
spirits that dance arouxd it. They feet thi to hide magic
other wizatds
ew: ad wrench it
rofit their needs, Many of them desire to protect human
kind froma the deprsations of the spirit world and put
theirskills ro use binding djl, ghosesand other spits
into physical vesels. Their sorcery wsshowy: Rather than
bring mislomune rough a subtle series of
coincidences; the Tattani draw bolrsof fire down from the
very heavens, The ability todosuch powerful working is
handy common, but the Taftant who ite a force to be
reckoned with,

OTHER WizaARDS
The Ti
test numerous, t
(ancient Pharaonic texts on the né
Jew ish communities throughout the region are
Kabbalistic wizards (called the "Lions of Zion" in the
Sorcerers Crusade Companion). Many pagan shamans
liveon the nutskirtsuf Islam, A vampire'
any of these. The Tres Pparticularare on:
terms with the Houses of He
haveclosetiestolocal
way. And some of the rumors aber
the Knjehts Templar are true. Magic in the Dark Med
eval world is flexible and mysterious. Sorcerers can fit just
¢ a Storyteller needs them to.
Mortal sorcerers ca ily be replicated using the niles:
& Lackey and the various paths of

the magic powers of

and Tanne arsin Lost Paths for Mage: The Ascensio
MamMtes: THE
VENGEFUL
REBORN

Ah, miy greatest vicwory, against man toh called himself
ranthebes, had heard that cis person and hus frends —
Follewersofthe Flawkor the like, they called thernselves —had

dalongscanding grade: undead, {prowledarnaithe
shadows of Ananthebes' life jor a few months, learning, his
engths and weaknesses as best | eouk! without callng

entin to myself.

Favally, wth a cocky susager, [ambushed him frm a
dark alley while shrouded in a hepa' robes. Thee knife
dhru andi de Tal he By umd the net day
ca loyal ghoul

cian, imagine

chiller, my surprise: when 1 sew

Aranthehes on the streets of Damascus six months later
The reborn — who call themselves vartously mum-
inies, Shemsi-Heru, o¢ u score of other names — are
They canand do dic, st as moreatedo,
but the msu-Hlenu can reform their bocties after time
pent in the Unde ‘thom are skilled ulehe
antmany have uzical abilities earned over
their long lives. They travel actoss the known world, but

nrcarly all eal &j

ancient beings, Most of
thousands of yearsagevand
are still faithful followers of the ancient Egyptian
In particular, mummies claim to serve the gexl

ite or rebirth splits the spirit of the tu
half, into hand ka, This isonly really tnoticeableafter the
i when his body is intact amd
ulkisteside init, When the mummy

dies (byw thekare
workd, and the fi makes the trip te the nethenwo

halves of the soul keep the mummy's sentience and

ARRAVED AGAINST THE NIGHT


ives I istheka's
ect the mummy' al
remains, and s responsibility in the afterlife to
regain enough energy to repair and rebuild thar mortal
Mummies do iplines like Cainites do
they are alchennis have no inherent
magic in thelr me
themselve ath, They use a type of ritual m:
called Hekau. For the purperes of
Storytellers can use
paths t
rounded inv alchemy and ritual,
blatant powers
Additional information on mummies is available in
Mummy: The Resurrection

REBorN L ‘DRY

The reborn recount (to the few they tust) that i die
mest ancient cays, Osiris ruled Egypt wisely an

abeloved king whotrsited!
protected them flercely. Onits'sy ther See wats
posite innearly every way:selfishanl precning,amogs
vicious. Everitually, de wo his rary crimes, Set w
hanished frm E laver Set retumes, with
Jesillonl
Setereacheronnlystew hisokler brother, scattering the corpse
into 13 piccesnctossExypt, Hestruckourathisnephew Horus
stealing or nuchofhislife-force. Cainites
sory differently, of coune, espenially # they have
with the Walkd See. The' Serites say that their
sentir wtured from the wik stray the damn:
cule of Law and unjeest kirk The reborn bulk
lies
ure, Soene sunset
himand Embraced him
including tain of the Shera
nthe subject — say that Osiris
remained mortal; the Setite scholar Asa believes that Set
Embraced his brother rather than kill him,
the Shemsu-Heru tell it, Osiis's wife Isis knew thar
ssanndterrorcouklcome fSetweretotakethe throne
of Binge So, hundmaidens leamed of a ritual of
rebinh. Along wit they gathered
Ours their
wworkd of the
be used to
nthiroxagh,

fons neq tual. His spit

performed Out's great rite ove
montal world whole and stror

VEIL OF NIGHT


Honus, Osiris nd their allies prepsed for a mased attack

against Set. During the bustle, Honus destroyed his own lost

coe, Sete Onn (again) and Honusdove Set nnvadeep,

torpor under the cath. Horas vowed unceesing vigilance

against the Walid Set and vengeance against hisuncle. Along

with the presi ofthe Cultof Iss, Hons used the:

wert dozer new mananies tid hi

which winuies to this day, Cres

*Cainites" or "Ashima" ae use delucks children of Set far
ithful of Horus are concerned,

were

Je of Hons and help him to
rack down anddestroy servantsof Apophis. Thisinclades
varapires of all stripes (as well as the dark god's own
mummies; see below), but the Shemsu-Hens hold the
Walid Soe is puttiouber conten
Shemsu-Heruae millennia old; they have nee performed
the Great Rite since befor aysol Alexander
# Ishmaclit hee Cult of lis grew

its application of the Great Rite. Once the rite was
perfumed ov those mortals who were truly deserving of
immortality, As time went on, nearly any loyal servant of
Honus could receive it. Homs so tlawed the grantingof
immortality, but the damage was dene: Several mummies
had been gnsited who were notp
cause. THse immortals eventu
from the Shemsu-Heru, calli
ater the first and greatest of their number, Ishmael. They
keep their d fromthe Shemst-Heru, who (rightly or
nog) call them traitors, The Ishmaelites do not have a
particular agenda; each is an individ
and needs, who must be approac

abiri: Like the Ishmaelites, he Cabiri keep their
d from the great war that the Shemser-Hen wage
Unlike the Ishmaclites, the Cabiel are neither Eeypeian
thor know oi Apophisand Sex, The Cabin
Europe well after the other
they have their awn plans, goal:

* Clases of Apophis: nth

with hisown goals
his own terms.

alled, might even rival
own power, were they toactasa group, But,asisthe wont
of such y do not; chey undermine one
another's plansmoreaften than they cooperate. Theseare
‘Rot ravening, insane monsters: The Claws
anipulators. They will live unl the
ey know it; they are patient

Then there wuts the time that 1 faced seven sprits of
swengeance, six werwnlies, a wene-elephant and font gh
The Dark Meilieval world contains none ere
even the most ardent scholar could ental
following descriptions provide the Storyteller with snap
shots of various ether supernatural beinws for we in
chronicle. Should you find these

useful far your stories, you may wish
material listed for each creature.

CHANGING BREEDS

If legend is wi be believed, nearly every animal in the
irk Medieval world hasashapsechanging cousin that can
on human shape. While chis isn't strictly trie, th
reat many wervereatures stalking the empry wild
places. Most of these ire i More rare
than vampires. Those wil e. However,
one particular breed of werewolf, and a few different sorts
of werecatare seen in the medieval Arabic world; these are
presented below

SILENT STRIDE!

The werewolves known as the Silent Striders — a
ame thac vampires do not know —are commonly found
throughout Islamic lands. Millennia ago, unkrowe

ARRAYED AGAINST THE NIGHT

‘ereatures to be
snwult the source


tonished the Stridetsfrom Egypt, andtheyavoid that land
when they can, but thardoes nor keep them from walking
the roads fromConstintinople ro Jenusa id
ind beyond. They are bor roamers an become physi-

cally uneomfortable when ferced w remain in one place

The Silent Striders have many characteristics in
cocnmon with the other tribes of their race: All of them
can transform into man, wolf, oF rampaging man-solf
form. Most have access to mystical gifts reminiscent of

c Disciplines. It is said that they can enter the
nd speak with ghosts, The Strklers make

«foe they travel lightly and quickly
yall werewolvestate vampires: That particular
ast 10 the days of Se
of vampiresasber

cof a malign and destructive spirit who sevins to be their
equivalent ofthe Devil. pines are certainly not People
‘ol the Book, however: they follaw
animistic religion, worshipping th
ddess and dealing with a variety of go

‘The Silene Seriders are noexception, and they harbor
aaparticularenmity woward the Walid Set, but thy
wholly irrational beings. From time to tim
Strider might be willing to do
does noe seem entirely evil

For more informarion on Lupines in general see
Werewolf: The Apocalypse and Werewolf: The Dark
Ages; for information on the Silene Striders in particular
sve the Silent Striders Trihebook.

Werec.

Werewolves ate nit the only shapeclutngers in I
ampires who emerge from the cites ni
we
ervolves, but fou Cainicee are
ante rsneaningot theconilict, Most siraply
chalk tt up to the natural dislike between cats aux dogs.
Of course, wereeats are not werchousecats any more
than werewolves are weredops, No, the werecats change
from human form into the shape of great hunting cats,
tigers lionsandsoforth, Werecatsare even morerarethan
‘werewolves, but chey are more willing to enter cities and
inreract with humankind, no doub due to thetednherent
Iso' considerably subtler 1
asa, werewolf Ie i just es likely
Werceats ate rather rerntonial. Should
encounter one's home territory, that vampire should fur
forsafety rather than linger, foc the eat-changersace fierce
wwarnioes and in battle will easily match a Cainite of the
saume agp.
For more information on werecats, se the Werewolf

Players Guide and Bastet.

Rau (Guosrs)

She wasr'tanyone special, yousowlerstand, I suppose thax
twas the poene [was very hungry, for I had just come out of a
Jong corpo, She was the nearest marta. could smell her blot
across a mile of wasteland 1 raptied her throat
thinking and drank. her ife's Wad before
cor moricong che squaling infant she left behind. {00k the
‘oan orphanage and lt noe think of it ain

Thr iis passdb sh ep tne my dentine
dreams. | began to awaken each naght in a Howdy sve
<meafternoon I bolted upright and sprinted out int the
‘at of terror at the things she showed me. fully yo hex
atzenton ama struck a heagain with her, | watched over
and mae sure he wend want for nothing throught is
She never muly left me, you waverstand; she just spy
tormenting me. He died a ripe old 72 last year: she stopped

ut withesst


agi me just afew days later. 1 supe she hs ome on ws
Paradise and her reward. A good mother, thar one.

The presence of ghosts and their shadowy afterlife
would give even the caliphs of old puuse, for spirits that
reside in these places are neithe 10 Paradise for
their ete seward nor to Hell for punishment. They
have unfinished business in che world of the living. The
restless dead of greater Arabia hang back near the landsof
life for a reason; given the havoc that vampires $0 often
wreak on mottal lives, itis no wonder that many of them
hhaune the Cainites of de Midklle East.

Many of the mose devout uf are horrifie! that the
afterlife is nothung lke that which they were promised in
life. The awhere tohe
fous. Inst hful persist n.a wretched shadow

the world they knew, an insult further compounded by
he arhewtic and Buropean Stygian Empire, which dont
nates these

And, as Ws not enough, the

Emperor Charon of Stygisallows those of Christin faith
wo rravel unmolested along the Byways that connect the

poli, the dark reflections of mortal cities. Islam
yin Jerusalem in the mortal realm, ana
of Chistian knights enter the
sunitws Ire gkoryof the Cheistian God

‘onward for the Cheistians' Heaven.

"Thonagh dead, the devout Must tas

of this and vows terake action. Many find refiage among the
so-called Reneyzades of the afterlife For the mest par, these

hostsane ghove who refuse tochey the Lawsof Stygiaand the

inujority fre simple criminals, As fur as Stoeyteller iv a

ampire-centered Veil of Night clirunicle should be co

cemed,rwosorsof Mushimsmightjoin Reneyade bnxbsafer

the: those whe wish to fight Styyia and those who desire:

tein violation ofthe Lawsof the Hierarchy,

nt be willing to trae favors with a varie

did thern in cheir came; the latter ate likely to be

dangerousantayonisis (oralles ithey dave a coramon foe
with the coterie).

Mabie Alan, who died glorionly def
fern from running Europenn knights agroupof the
former sorr of wraiths. Fis place in Heaven was assured
through his mattyrdom, and the w-called Jerusalet
Necropolis is a vile joke to him. He hi heard too many
fake stortes of the Far Shores, across the gn
for him tobeliove date Paradise can be re
physical effort. Acconlingly, Alam and his allies (fewer
than ad growing) wish co evict the
thousands of Stygian Legionnairestharoccupy the Jerusa-
fem Necropolis and establish a Mustim kingdom in the

e, tochallenge the supremacy of the Fishers (as the
nsate called) andthe obviously unworthy Sty

In the Feyprian ianclorwrld, the Stygians displaced a
far older Dark Kingdom, which its inhabitants called
Never-Khetet, This is the ancient underworld of the Pha:

ing Jens

taohs and of the mummies (see ahowe). Thonigh on rane
occasions the wraiths of ancient Exypt rear their he
the Exyptian Shadowkinds, forthe ment part they
»netoOblivicnoradistantshostland illed Aner,
the Dark Kingdom «f Sind. The only place thar such
"ancient beings might manifest isin the Shavlowlanls nea
the oldest artifuets of the pharaohs' civilization the pyra
midsand the Sphinx. Elder vampires or tuutnmics seeking
‘out the true wisdom of the ages might wish to vise these
monuments. They might glean a secret ar an insight from
anstx-thousand:- year dead lurker from beyond th

For more information on muh, sce Wraith: The
Oblivion and its supplements

Dunn: Spirits oF ARABIA

Djinn are spirits that freq
the most commonly known 5
fare not 0 common)
who remularly have truck with the
Hagin and Walid S
Qubilat al-Mawe, aul a few others — are likely to be
ac with their nature and culture; other Cainites
believe that the dinn are nothing but leftovers from
children's stories
Thine: familiar with the
stories of their own, hut the spirits
nd pattemsufbehavier Th
order of warrior-kings and ase tithes somewhat
ortal Muslims, Lo ior inn call. thernselves
muons or gi, while chieftains are sheikh, sultansorevens
caliphs $ these titles indicate a strict caste

bic lands. Perhaps
Jim lands, they

Banu

can tell rather wild

obey certain general

These spirits are not aluive lying and inflating their own
statue afterall

Some din —nor all —are faithful worshippers of G
They obey the tenets of Istam as best they Gun, These bei
are less tolerant of non-Muslim humans (and Ww
vvampares)thanheathen diimmighete. bctheydoretain afair
amount of respect for People of the Book. Despite their
devotion to God mostdinn are eed anrogntnind generally
slmesiveofhumansand vampiresalikesthe most powerful ot
then can reshape the world at a whim, and they demand
respect fron those they meer.

Most df display some affinity for a particular Greek
element, Typically, the in aggressive bent preter fire
iindair,whilethe morepeacefulspiritsuse cath and water
Thisishonily astricr rule; dénn ate not Tremere-conjured
hermetic elementals. Mortals and undead who offend »
dinni might find thenselves on the receiving end of an
elemental curse, however,

Typically, these curses ren on the
of the mecaphorieal traits of the offendes! dj
element. For inscinice, a djanni with an affinity for ea

ight remove all of earth' favor from a particularly rude
"i

ctims al


NIM + Sone
AND DIR

Dijin sire spirits ramtive uy Arabian and Middle,
| Exemeat eleinentalsknovwn

‘Lond and Liekey): Mle Bue Wiewteand

Banu Hagin soecerery usiry equivalent paths face

Ho s0ch penalty, of course,

/_Djinyrire bound by Sojcananic cede, however,

m0 Tremere fiunitias with those principles who then»
calywith Arabic ella heametie

red by di with di
es .can last until the
until he ts commanded

Sai, Santa oF THE Fiery Stars —
‘A djinnof same power id more onbiéion, Said has
tinal esha pa forsenerations:AA

itm Avirhetd him
Po Ref ‘years, but he finally.
reba uni es take his n-vergeon,

chine glace mare | |

| Sonaiters of the ght" shat he 6 she sultan ofa greae tells
ay tur serve them. He finds Catnites wo be
ions ware
4, Stamira 85,
Se ne ee arr
coe i SP 3 Wits 4
Abilities: Acadeitiics 1, Accing 3,
) ee ain ig Alene

re powerlul djnnisor thveatencd i
vhoapprectate pazslesand hu
a ridklle or puszle into the curse's ret
5 not be so kind.
spend rime on the mortal plane only when

This may include

ting on Earth
stheStorytellet
Maye: The Ascension.

" re eS eee
| PathriCred fener &

VE. OF NIGHT

© _ Bossy Y

at Caine
oe ‘Avampire mortal agsin? The definitive
answers maybe, Obviously, thetistconsideration
| lieing: Wicd she can simply de-
iiculae Aimant (or even all
| dint) not — overcome the
power of God. Sa) fare devour Muslims,
‘afterall, andthey mightbeurwilling coact counter.
rotheedicr of, a ifthe Storyteller fiakes
such adecision, of course, she shoulder necessare
ilymake tharknowntta the players, orespectallyto-
their ad |
ly possible for w djinnijro.
ea ees eet ‘of Caine:
ctor Lome day a
or spenil i short petiod. fad meal afte full
rpavteviay cocslision,
bres) i co al ttc,
"9 moruillity, you should
el Iris likely that only
mean provideatich wpower
ideration should be the
pa he djiahi cain grim
hat pein ‘amortal lover
ne like. may fail tiould
fi! li aeatalge tenrnoatal Wien,
po ee thar thesdinl
stich agireat tisk, Surely that ee

teeter
a ye Jie Bate


THERE JIS NO GOD BUT GOD

Like our Christian cousins, we are the progeny of Caine,
but we know what they do not. Muhammad
our lands, and the words revealed to him hide th
our own salvation. The Children of Hagim have th
but Islam is large and its monsters ave many

AND CHINE IS HIS
CURSE

{ Veil of Night is a complete to the medieval
49> Islamic world and the Cair who rule its
== _ nights. From Moorish Spain and gilded Egypt

to far-flung Persia and sand-swept Arabia,
vampires lurk. Complete details on the Muslim #
wings of all the clans, on new Roads and on the
powerful Ashirra sect give you everything you need
to play a vampire far from Christendom

VEIL OF NIGHT INCLUD
* A new look at all the clans and Roads active in the
Muslim World;

~ * A detailed history of the vampires of the Middle East;

Be A iplewelockan the dare) of Demescs
