# File: Ventrue Chronicle.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

"THE VENTRUE CRRONIGE

(oy }
Oo Me Y


ee eEzzZeE

E VENTRUE CHRONICLE

By Curis HARTFORD, JACOB KLUNDER AND MATTHEW RouRHEe,
WITH CHRIS GUNNING

;
:
i
i Vampire CREATED BY MARK REIN® HAGEN

——— J

CRepITs

Authors: Chris Hartford, Jacob Klunder and Mat-
thew Rourke, with Chris Gunning. Vampire and
World of Darkness created by Mark Rein®Hagen.
Storyteller Game System Design:

Mark Rein® Hagen

Developers: Justin Achilli and Ken Cliffe
Editor: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Mike Chaney

Interior Art: Guy Davis, Drew Tucker,

& Kirk Van Wormer

Front & Back Cover Design: Mike Chaney

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved.

55 4 LITTON DR Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for

blank charactersheets, which may be reproduced for personal use

STONE MOUNTAIN 64 only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire and
'

World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Ventrue Chronicle, Dark
0083 Ages Vampire, Dark Ages Europe, Dark Ages British Isles, House

WHITE WOLF
PUBLISHING

of Tremere, Dark Ages Inquisitor, Guide to the Camarilla,
lS | Players Guide to Low Clans, Right of Princes, Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Dark Ages Werewolf, Victorian Age Vampire,
Gilded Cage, Midnight Siege, New York by Night, Victorian Age
Companion, Guide to the Sabbat, Archonsand Templars and Sins of the Blood are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Alll characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings

characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://ww

-white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.


E VENTRUE CHRONICLE

TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION 4
! Actl: Tempestuous Hearts 12
Act 2: FoRTuNets ABROAD 54

Act 3: SOUTHERN NIGHTS 92

e=—=— _ 4}



Clan Ventrue: Lords among vampires. The con-
hiving, scheming, politicking and commanding among
the undead. The backboné of the Camarilla. The Blue
Bloods are Cainites who séek influence, control and
Sway over mortals and their fellow Cainites, emerging
fas the warlords, business magnates, politicians and
powerbrokers of their times, whether it's the Dark
‘Ages or the Final Nights.

Atleast, these are the outward images of members
bf Clan Ventrue. While these stereotypes have foun-
Pdation in truth, there is far more to these Kindred:
‘Assuming self-appointed roles as leaders and visionar-
les speaks volumes of who the Ventrue are. Yes, there's
domain, wealth and status to be had in rising above
P other undead to assume the reigns of power. But the
burden of leadership can far outweigh all such ben-
tits. Blue Blood existence can be summarized with
Hone word, and it applies to e
have: responsibility.

ry relationship they

By plying their influence over others and emerg-
ingas survivors of intrigue, cooperation and duplicity,
the Ventrue put themselves in the Kindred limelight.
They do not hide in havens or dark holes, avoiding the
Scrutiny of the nightlife. They immerse themselves in

Cainite affairs to give direction and meaning to noc-

turnal existence. Such activities make clan members

responsible for the quality of unlife that they influ-
ence. By manipulating the shape of Kindred existence
— who has control over what domain, which hunting
grounds are available and which are not, who may
not — the Ventrue
assume an obligation to ensure that their leadership is
aluable and worthwhile (at least to the other Kindred
ccepting this respon-
sibility, the Ventrue emerge as the leaders and spine of

Embrace childer and who may

who agree to support them). By a

the Camarilla.

But Blue Blood responsibility doesn't stop with Cainite
relationships in general. Duty strikes much closer to home.
Every, member of Clan Ventrue has a responsibility to
himself and his lineage. These Kindred don't simply Em-
brace childer and discard them to the whims of fate.
Progeney arecarefully chosen and instructed with the aim
of creating heirs and descendants who will carry on the
pride and legacy ofthe Blood. Every Ventrue is "born" into
obligation to his siréand grandsires (and in time, his own
childer), carrying on the "family business" of status, realm
and dignitas. At least, that's what expected of members of
a bloodline. Whether an individual fulfills that responsi-
bility is up to him or her.

Inmronuction

SSE

The Ventrue Chronicle addresses the clan themes
of family, lineage and responsibility. This book im-
merses you and your troupe in the full Ventrue
experience, from establishing to carrying on a legacy,
with all the attendant baggage of duty, obligation,
expectation, loyalty, and perhaps resentment, abuse
and even betrayal. The chronicle presents three stories
set in different eras of Kindred prominence, each focus-
ing on the goals and agendas of the Blue Bloods. The
twist here is, players create characters sired into a
legacy of damnation. Each character is the childe ofa
preceding character, whether of the same player or
another member of the troupe. Players establish and
then have the responsibility of maintaining prestige
down through the generations, all the while juggling
personal and "family" aspiration:

Ventrue Chronicle therefore operates over time
and over a series of players' characters, capturing the
essence of what it means to be a member of a lineage
and the clan. Youccreate a.vampiric family tree, ex-
ploring the ins and outs of not just oné character, but
of sires and childer. The result is'a complex story with
multiple personalities and goalsvall held together by
the commonality of the Blood.

Now, this ismot to say thatall characters who
partake in this chronicle must belong to Clan Ventrue:
While a striet Ventrue cabalmight-be a challenge and
enjoyable to' play, there is room for.more. The War-
lords ‘themselves recognize the value"of diversity.
Members of other clans have-their own strengths and
therefore maké useful allies (or agents). Playets may
create characters of various clans. They, must under-
stand, however, that thé presiding thread of the
chronicle‘is Ventrue scheming, cunnifig and descent.
Players of other vampires may find their characters
encouraged, cajoled or pressured to act in various
ways, whéther desirable or not. That's what the Ventrue
do to other\Cainites, The question is: Dé chatacters of
other clanshaye compelling reasons toaccept or suffer
the sometimes.inscrutable machinations of the Blué
Bloods? If they do, they may enjoy the rewards of their
allies' meteoric rise. If they don't, mémbers of other
clans may find themselves discarded when their use-
fulness is at an end.

THEME

The primary focus of this book is family, which
anyone can understand. We're all beholden to our
parents for raising us. We feel familial bonds to grand-
parents, siblings, cousins, uncles, aunts. As parents,
we feel protective toward our children yet recognize
where they must be reigned in or allowed to make their
own mistakes. As mortals, we inherit what our parents'
accomplishments gained before us — good or bad, be
it wealth, property, respect or humiliation. We work

Tre Ventrut Cr onicie

6

with or against those legacies, either to improve 6
ruin them before we pass our own legacies on. And
family members are ever killed or lost, a distinct y4
cancy is left, whether emotional or resource-based.

The Ventrue experience much the same ties thi
we do. Sires create childer like parents create chil
dren. The various progeny of the same sire are lik
siblings. But these vampires are chosen and createdt
help extend the Ventrue web of influence, power an
wealth. Kindred are selected to contribute to clan
dignitas and sire-childer lines, to be princes and king
of the'night. The Ventrue are united in leadershipo
the undead.

And yet,the Ventrue family bond is inherently
flawed: Inheritance doesn't necessarily pass from pa
ent torchild, beeduse the parent doesn't necessary di
Ventrue childer-are Embraced to fulfill roles in a sire'
plans to claim influence and authority; bat might
never inherit the power they help build, bécause theit
"parents" persist indefinitely. Characters have a "birth:
right" but-are'simultaneously denied it because thei
predecessors just don't die. How do you exist when
you're groomed for power but aren'r allowed any?

The family "tensions" that-can résult are obvio
jealousy, antagonism and perhaps even murder, Once
again, phenomena that arén't necessarily. foreign to)
mortal families: Dysfunctional ones, anyway. Imagine |
young, privileged, aristocratic heirs pitted against one
another to claim the family.fortune, What-else might
Ventrue family ties'be but dysfunctional? They invite
conniving, backbiting, suspicion and mistrust. How
else can a childesclaim ‘any of his»sire's. status or|
standing?

Even a/dysfunctional family.can presenta united
front. Membets might squabble, fight, deceives blagk-
mail-or even kill amongst themselves, but should Anl
exterior-thréat present itself, they'rally. Mutual dis- |
agreements are put aside until the foreign-threat is
deale-with. Sire stands by childe, and-"sibling" stands
by sibling." They*temain" united until the threat is
past, at which time they're free-to resume their per-
sonal agendas and disagreements. And should a family
rival fall victitmto the exterior threat while the family
as a whole prevails, well, that's unfortunate.

This book presents a unique roleplaying opportu.
nity: The chance to portray sires and childer within
Ventrue lines. The players' characters are the parents
and children of the family, all interested in the same
goal of collective prestige and status, but also interested
in personal achievement and acquisition, even at the
expense of family members. Each act of this book is rife
with motivations and opportunities for characters to
work together to achieve goals, and to fall to infighting
to claim individual favor and prominence. These are

b gets

SN eee

Mories about extended, failed families. Think the
dys, the Bunkers, Hamlet, Lear and his daughters,
ard III and his court, the Corleone family or any
tight-knit group whose members work with and against
tach other.

Moon
The passage of time in this chronicle puts empha-
sison the tise and fall of Ventrue. Each is Embraced
nd schemes and plots toward her personal success.
4$ a stagnant creature, a being outside the natural
t, the world moves on and she becomes dated,
nated and exiled. This phenomenon encourages a
Tonging for "how things were." Sentimentality arises
Mor what a Ventrue held when things once went her
Way. Those for whom the times have changed suffer
Melancholy or a sense of loss. The world has passed
‘them by. In contrast, those who are in their prime —
Who win prestige now — are exultant. But even that
i must turn.
This sense of longing is perhaps best emphasized
‘between the generations of players' characters. Vam-
spires who were in their element in the Dark Ages seem
[to have outdated principles to the eyes of Victorian
Mindead. In turn, movers and shakers in the Final
Wights give sideways, condescending looks to elders
pyho struggled for success in the Victorian Age. The
Tony is, however, sires from "out of date" eras are still
around to impose their values on young characters.
"Childer might scoff at the urgency that elders assign to
‘Certain needs or accomplishments, but they have to do
O quietly. They have to honor sires' outdated wishes
Unddirectives (at least for appearances' sake), because
elders still hold power. A sire might have Victo-
Asensibilities, but his command to have a neonate
ut for the sun was as damning in the 19th century
it is in the 21st. Characters in each act should
herefore seek contemporary means to power, but also
hafe at the anachronistic constraints and limitations
imposed upon them by their anachronistic elders.

| tho

BLoon Ties
The Ventrue Chronicle offers a unique manner in
hich to tell a Blue Blood story over time. Characters
invited to plot, scheme and squabble over centu-
es to bring renown to themselves and their lines.
Act 1, Tempestuous Hearts, is set in the Dark
Medieval Age. Ventrue circulate in and around the
of John, Baron of York. As in any era, the
acters must be careful. The shadows of old and
angerous vampires are cast far. Ventrue must step
irefully if they are to gain esteem, yet not invoke the
jealousy of their "betters."
Act 2, Fortunes Abroad, occurs in Victorian Age
York City. Ventrue descendants seek their for-

tunes in the New World. The influences of Europe
cannot be escaped completely, though, as characters
choose their path amid sect wars and the schemes of
conniving elders.

Act 3, Southern Nights, takes place in Savannah,
Georgia during the Final Nights. The war between
Camarilla and Sabbat continues, posing opportunities
and dangers to young Ventrue who dare to play both
sides to their advantage. Ancient eyes watch, how-
ever, and characters must toe lines drawn by their
progenitors or risk being abandoned.

REFERENCES

Various World of Darkness and real-world books
and resources have bearing on The Ventrue Chronicle.
Most important is Clanbook: Ventrue, which sets the
tone and flavor of all clan members. Also useful (but
not necessary) are Dark Ages: Vampire and Victorian
Age: Vampire.

Otherwise, this book's emphasis on responsibility,
family, lineage and duty pervade various sources. Any
of these can be inspiration for the direction in which
you take the chronicle, and for players' choice of
characters.

The Shield. The TV show on FX. The first seasons
are available on DVD. Think of the department as a
Ventrue coterie, with the captain and Mackie as rival
elders, and the Strike Team as Mackie's collective
childer.

Shakespeare. Take your pick of plays. Virtually
every tragedy about kings, courts, and jealous or greedy
courtiers is rife with politics, backstabbing and in-
trigue. Violence is a last, worst resort, because it
means a break in the royal line, which is the source of
power (or a weakness that plotters use to interject
themselves into power). Alternatively, violence is the
trigger for events and we watch characters struggle to
hold the reigns or overthrow those who make bids for
control.

Fistful of Dollars. Imagine Clint's character, The
Man with No Name, as a Ventrue. He enters town, sees
an opportunity to profit from events going on, and
manipulates everyone to his favor by playing both
sides. He wins on all counts and leaves the town better
off than he found it. (Although that last development
is incidental. He could've just as easily left it in ashes
and not cared or gained a whit.)

All in the Family. Take out the comedy and you're
left with the disturbing premise of a power struggle
within a household. There's a patriarch and matri-
arch, squabbling children and neighbors who interfere
with who's in charge and who is morally vindicated.
Every episode presents a social issue over which the

Inmroouction

characters contend, all seeking to have last word on
what's right. Never forget that might makes right.

Sandman. A look at a family of immortal super-
natural beings and what it means to be a part of it.
"The Sound of Her Wings" and "Brief Lives" are par-
ticularly insightful when it comes to the themes of
family and responsibility.

The King Arthur legends. A group of brothers are
supposed to be equals. Some remain loyal to the cause.
Others have a falling-out over personal desires. In the
end, unity proves most important of all.

The Business, by lain Banks. Our heroine is adopted into
a company that has existed since Roman times, and it
becomes her family. Then she is forced to examine her
loyalties and the agenda of her "employers."

LEGACY OF
DAMNATION

Since The Ventrue Chronicle is based on an
unusual premise — playing heirs in a line of characters
— its subtleties and pitfalls need to be addressed.
Players and Storytellers both have responsibilities in
this kind of storytelling. While the majority of this
book is for the Storyteller's eyes only, this section
should be shared with players to help them establish
characters, bloodline goals, family interests and rivals,
and lineage weaknesses. These facets of the Blood and
Ventrue genealogy set the tone for the chronicle and
help guide characters in pursuits throughout the cen-
turies. It's also important to explain the style of play at
work here so players understand what they're getting
into.

Basically, a legacy of damnation chronicle focuses
on playing a vampire in different eras. You portray a
particular character through a plotline, but instead of
carrying that character into another age, you play that
character's childe and then her childe and so on down
the line. Previous characters sire(s) slowly fade into
obscurity or torpor as childer take up the legacy. Or,
sires' passing can be abrupt with torpor or Final Death,
jumpstarting a childe's responsibility in the line.

PRIMOGENITURE

A legacy chronicle requires considerably more time to
create thana basic game, whetherset in history or the modern
nights. Your first character is like any other that you might
invent. He has motivations and goals, but in time he does not
stand alone. He sires an heir. Conventionally, storytelling is
left behind when you create your character's first childe. You
no longer focus on a single identity, but to a legacy. The
easiest and most convenient time to perform the transition
between characters is between stories, when you anticipate

Tue Vewtmut CHRonicit

8

CHARACTERS OFCHARACTERS © |

While each of the acts in this book comes |
to an end, the protagonists of each do nothave | |
to. Sure, some may meet Final Death or fall into ad
torpor, but most continue on. They profit from
the successes won in previous events or bear the
shame of past failures, and: these benefits ort)
black marks are passed onto progeny.

Players create new characters in each act,
but sires (previous characters) are still out there f
What happens to these vampires over the inter. _
vening years? How do they change or staunchly |
refuse to change? Does their star continue ti
tise or go plummeting to the earth? That's for
you and the players to decide. Based on your' |
needs for the next act or players' aspirations for |
succeeding characters, you can chart the course
and progress of lingering sires. A new character |
who is already smiled upon may come froma _
sire who is in good standing after all this time.
A player who craves a challenge might have a
character who bears the humiliation of a site"
fallen on hard times. Or maybe those are the
situations that you, as Storyteller, impose on
characters and their patrons.

Sires probably make only ‘peripheral ap- "
pearances in subsequent acts, but you can gauge
how far they've gone. Vampires who'spend their
time merely subsisting, existing from night to
night without drawing much attention ae
selves, gain 15 freebie points every century. A_
dynamic Ventrue who takes part in plots and
schemes may gain more per century, as many as
20, 25 or 30 points. It's your call,

sah ol

moving from one era or focus to another. The laurels or
failings of one character are transferred to the other while
starting fresh ina new setting. The childe should inherit some
of her sire's goals and plans to pursue in the next era, but that
is more of a suggestion than a rule. Indeed, the childe may
resent her sire and active work against his interests! Transi-
tions between characters are also opportunities to make clean
breaks — or to try to.

Once the transfer of control is finalized, sit down
with your Storyteller and discuss what happens in the
interim. What does a sire do in his "retirement"? Is
torpor an option or does he continue to function in
Kindred society? What about the childe? Is she pre-
pared for the new era? What facets of the sire's unlife
carry over to the childe? Do any enemies, artifacts or
allies cross the generational gap? Is the childe pleased
or apprehensive about her future?

As the childe becomes the main character, she
may grow into her own, eventually shrugging off the
Shadow of her sire and forging her personal goals. In
ne she becomes a sire herself, arranging her own
ment and preparing to oversee a successor and
eta. The cycle can repeat itself for as long as you
ie eras to play.

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS

It's worth mentioning again that a legacy of damna-
ition chronicle is not a standard Vampire game. Whereas
more traditional chronicle focuses on ,aparticular
tharacter's development, a legacy story focuses on the
lopment of multiple characters throughout diverse
ales and times. Make no mistake: A legacy chronicle
ot a light-hearted romp through, the) centuries of.
Kindred and kine society. Nor is it astory geared fornew
iplayers or those Who invest minimal*time to their
Bhionicles: It's no longer the Storyteller's sole responsi-
bility torun the game: Players have a host of characters,
d while they don't control them all at the same'time,
its a good idea to think of theéline.in the same way-the
[Storyteller looks at her characters, as coherent parts of a
whole.

Herp NGOTHE STORYTELLER
camputin as mitch time invalegacy chronicle as

he Storyteller. In'fact, the epic requires players to act'as
interim Storytellers at times to manage their lineage, The
Storyteller neéds help keeping,up with the inany plots,

ersonalities, supporting-cast members and settings at work.
| Themaré you can.do to help alleviate that burden, the more
‘can focuision everyone's enjoyment of the game.
| In a legacy story, you're part of ateam: Instead of
ling to maximize the~play of \any one. particular
racter,,you may have to juggle or make suggestiéns
it two Or three~(that is, your sire and, possibly

ire) With such broadening of scope, the focus
es shifts from a single ambition.to team goals.
1d that mentality to encompass all-the players,
irchatacters anid the Storyteller,andthe end result
Wa literal Community of characters interacting on
multiple levels.
Players need to communicate withthe Storyteller
jas much as possible. For-him to develop petsonal and
linteresting plots over different eras, he needs input.
Wive him plenty of motivations and possible plot
hooks for your character(s) to pursue. Say, your char-
# lineage focuses on influencing mortal crime
sproups. It might be that these interests intersect — or
Onflict — with other players'. The results are goals to
fi fill and contention in achieving them, whether
compelling antagonists or players' characters.
ide every opportunity for the Storyteller to act on

ka

plot developments, especially when you're preparing
to retire one character and create a new one. Relaying
your line's intentions and goals helps make the transi-
tion between periods and protagonists easier to handle.

ALnmtteTrRust

Another helpful requirement of a legacy chronicle
is faith in fellow players. Just as you can help out the
Storyteller, you can help other players enjoy the game.
Exploration is one of the major themes of a legacy story,
which often means feeding off other players' ideas for
their characters. A common interest or enemy may turn
into an alliance of characters to seize power, for ex-
ample," But who," a farseeing Storyteller wonders, "will
bethe one to claim power in the end?" Coordinating
with other playets helps establish story ideas tailored
made for the/coterie. The Storyteller doesn't have to
come up Withvall the plots and subplots that Ventrue
address.

Imagine you take a character from a Dark Ages
storyto'a Victorian one. You want to emphasize how
enamoured he-is with the wonders-of Steam technol-
ogy, The Storyteller, however, has-to fotus on laying
the groundwork of the setting and upcoming events.
You can communicate your desirés to, other players
and, if they trust-your roleplaying ability, they may
help youset a scene in which you ena¢t yourcharacter's
fascination. Trust and initiative help you forge your
character's identity in the legacy chronicle.

One thing to remember about trust between play-
ers, however, is that it.doesn't necessarily translate
into characters getting-along. For example, centuries
of static existenee'can alienate an aged vampire from
the surrounding world. That.alienation may manifest
as frustration or pettiness, which may béturried on any
undead asséciates. That ison other players' charac-
tets.,Thav's where trust between™players is crucial.
Tension/initiatés drama between charactérs, but it
shouldn't between players. The ability to advance the
Ovetarching, plot while also forming/an interesting
Subplot about conflict between characters is.a boon to
any chroniclé:When you trust other players, you're
willing tosinject'stress into the relationship between
characters. Ideally»doing so doesn't devolve into a
bickering niatch,

Keep Your Options Open

Be flexible and willing to modify character and
lineage goals. Different times and areas of the world
make different demands of your roleplaying. They
place various obstacles to your characters' ambitions.
If you refuse to modify bloodline goals, characters may
be stymied and you could be frustrated by lack of
opportunities in the game. Imagine a Dark Ages char-
acter who obsessively clings to horse-and-carriage

Inmroouction


ee

travel as his domain. What does he have to show for it
in the Victorian Age and Final Nights?

The Storyteller has a whole host of options open to
him during the course of the chronicle. So many that he
can take the game in all sorts of unexpected directions.
Expect the unexpected and be willing to react to new
situations. Think of your options as a Kindred does his
own. Those vampires who are unwilling or unable to
react to the passage of time are eventually driven to
Final Death or torpor. It's only a matter of time before
the world changes in a way that makes a vampire a
threat to himself. The same principle applies to you. If
you refuse to adapt with the changing chronicle, you
and your characters will become a liability rather than
an asset.

STANDING THE SIGHT OF THEM

A legacy chronicle starts with your character in
the distant past. Over time, he works his way into the
future through persistence and progeny. How quickly
time passes and which eras your various characters
experience is up to you and your troupe. Still, a baseline
is needed to develop characters and create common
starting points for your group. As in any other story,
you need to work with the Storyteller to create char-
acters who are appropriate to any setting.

Play proceeds normally from there. The Story-
teller presents plot elements and antagonists and you
roleplay through your character's experiences. Some
unique requirements become apparent in time, how-
ever. Characters are essentially in foreign lands at
foreign times. They pursue personal goals. Then they
have progeny who pick up the torch, So, what keeps
these beings with diverse origins and interests to-
gether, potentially across the ages? They need a unifying
force, a common bond, a reason for staying in contact
through all the rivalries and conflicts that arise.

Get into the characters' heads and find reasons
why they remain together. What brings them to the
table to advance separate or common goals? It can be
as simple as a shared lust for revenge or a collective
ancestor, or as complicated as wanting to stay close to
one's perceived enemies. An obstacle or enemy may be
beyond individuals' power to overcome. It will take
years of collective scheming and planning to emerge
victorious over her. Characters need to cooperate to
build influence and clout so that they can prevail.
Succeeding at that goal is even more important than
the individual differences that arise between the char-
acters. If personal motives take precedent, individual
characters may be preyed upon or the whole may
collapse. In the end, a specific reason for characters to
stick together defines personalties, encourages
roleplaying and justifies the ongoing chronicle.

Toe Venture CHRonicue

10

UNFOLDING Events

A fundamental legacy chronicle involves a single of
multiple lines of Kindred, with considerable spans of time
between progeny. The exact amount of time is less important
than how the characters spend it. Characters experience (or
disregard) ages of world evolution, while their unlives at
captured in comparatively small amounts of chronicle time.
Consider the snippets of their existence roleplayed as ofa
"survey" of history. Eventually, it comes time for charactersto,
Embrace childer and pass the legacy on, allowing you to play,
entirely new characters in different eras.

This is basically a variation on troupe-style play, but
instead of trading characters, you move on to a specific time
with a specific character. The biggest advantage to this kind
of game is its simplicity. You get to enjoy fantastic roleplaying
opportunities and get to advance a timeline, but you're not_
forced into anything radically different from traditional play.
A childe may have a number of similar outlooks and desires:
as her master, and she's certainly a member of the same clan.
The advancing setting offers change, but not so drastic |
change that you're constantly forced to re-evaluate any
character's personality and worldview.

It's often useful to start your chronicle just before some
major revelation or development in history occurs, such as |
the death of Christ, the Fall of the Roman Empire or the |
English Civil War. You play your character fora while and get |
a feel of the context. When a pivotal event occurs, you have
roleplaying history from which to draw to portray your |
current characters and to create succeeding characters.
Through this approach, the significant events in mortal
history become the benchmarks of change in Kindred culture |
and your chronicle. You're offered closure and new story
opportunities at the same time.

Tue Hunt Pretupe

The linchpin of a legacy chronicle is the acquisition of
childer. Whereas conventional character creation usually
involves a simple explanation of who Embraced your charac- |
ter, you can now represent both sire and childe. You get to }
consider the creation act from both sides of the experience.
Why does an elder choose a particular "victim"? What
qualifications does he apply to the search? How does the new
character feel about his new existence? Does he understand
hissire's motives? In essence, one character's finale isanother's |
prelude. Re-read the prelude section of Vampire: The Mas-
querade (p. 108) tore-acquaint yourself with what's suggested
there. Even under your special circumstances, you want to
work with the Storyteller to create a story that justifies the J
sire and gives meaning to the childe. As always, emphasis |
should be on roleplaying rather than on die rolls.

It's also possible that your previous character
doesn't disappear just yet. He fades out of the picture J
gradually, indoctrinating his neonate into a new exist-
ence. Or he could throw the new character to the

$0 to speak, and make his exit almost immedi-
The choice is yours and depends on the
ances of your chronicle and the needs of your
€, The Storyteller could adopt your old character
time, or you could try your hand at depicting both
eters simultaneously in a challenging display of
ophrenia. How intrusive is the sire in his childe's
ce? Does he simply offer advice or meddle di-
y? Does he have specific expectations or allow
gn? When does he feel confident enough to pass

y on, or is he ever able to relinquish it?

mY OBLIGATIONS
Theclans tend to invest varying degrees of importance in
of creating a childe. There are different views on
usefulness of the sire-childe relationship. The

Ventrue usually select their childer very carefully and spend
extensive time stressing the importance of the line. This period
of instruction is knownas the agoge among the tradition bound.
A cchilde bears the (hopefully good) name of all her predeces-
sors and is required to conduct herself appropriately, bringing
no shame to her sire or the legacy. In this sire-childe relation-
ship, the childe bears most responsibility. Her actions do not
reflect on herself alone, and she will be held accountable for
them. The neonate is made to realize that her station in unlife
is exactly what is expected of her. Woe to the foolish childe
who oversteps her bounds or embarrasses her lineage, espe-
cially considering thata great-great grandsire may be watching.

And yet, a character of a Ventrue legacy is often free to
make orruin herown fortunes. There'salwaysanotherclanmate
quick to prey upon a peer's weakness. Indeed, that predatory
environment weeds out the feeble, rash and timid. And thus,
Clan Ventrue is kept strong.



ACCul:
CEMPESTUOUS
HEARTS

What gift ofthe gods

is held in glory like this:

to hold your hand victorious

over the heads of those you hate?

Glory is precious forever.

— Euripides

Leland raced through the burning halls of York Castle searching for
the baron, steeling himself against the primal urge to flee. He could barely
hear his own voice over the roar of the flames.

"Baron John! Can you hear me?"

Having delivered a message from Durham in the hours approaching
dawn, the Tremere had accepted John's hospitality tostay in the castle until
dusk. He had been admiring the baron's library when he smelled smoke, and
the first wave of panic set in.

The Beast raged within his chest, recoiling from the flames that licked the
timber walls, and Leland shielded his eyes from the brightness of the conflagra-
tion, Dawnapproached quickly. Heknew thesky mustbe purple over the moors.
If Baron John could not escape the fire in time, he would run headlong into the
moming sun —and Leland would lose a powerful contact. He had worked too
hard to establish himself in York to let that happen.

+ ACT 1:TEMPESTWOk


"Baron J—"

A support beam fell against Leland's shoulder, setting

robes ablaze and nearly provoking the Red Fear. Clawinglil
garment from his body with shaking hands, the Watlal
struggled to find something to set his mind to. Somethi

logical, analytical. He forced himself to break down tid
situation to maintain his presence.

The city's Jewish population had congregated infil
common room, seeking refuge from the abuses of their fella
mortals. There had been attacks on Jewish merchants ai
moneylenders in recent weeks. Maybe the fire was set tofont
them into the open. Or maybe one of John's rivals hoped
make it look that way

Reaching John's chamber, Leland found the room
maelstrom of flames and smoke bove the roar and creakiti
of timber walls, John's agonized screaming pierced Leland
dead heart. The baron's clothing was ablaze. His hair wall
crown of flame.

Tearing a smoldering tapestry from the wall outsil
John's chamber, Leland charged into the room to cover tht
baron and pulled him to safety, dragging his trembling bad
down the stairs toward the front entrance

The scene on the ground floor was gruesome. Pildl
bodies of Jewish men, women and children littered the floah
in pools of blood, all seemingly killed by their own handy
Many against the walls of the common room had begun
burn. Standing in the doorway was a haggard woman dress
ina tattered tunic, brandishing what appeared to be a Viking
axe. The fire reflected in her eyes as she stood unmoving
amidst the blaz

"Tam Katla Thranddottir," she spoke using the Saxdi
tongue. "You have stolen my throne and land. Prepatt
yourself!"

Leland stopped on the stairs, his mind struggling bi
tween rushing back up into the inferno or facing this nel
threat. Behind the wild woman, he could see the quickly
lightening sky. As Leland fought to control his fear, Johil
stood up and threw back the tapestry. Despite his scorchaf
skin and charred clothes, he displayed an overpowering
majesty as he stared fiercely at the intruder.

jo," he said with power and authority, respondingi
the same language. "I am John, Baron of York, and I havé
stolen nothing. My sire warned of your coming, and it is you
who should prepare... cousin."

Ashislord descended the stair to meet this threat, Leland
attempted toconjure dense cloud-cover through blood magi¢
It was a clear morning, making his work difficult, but any
coverhe could provide would give protection against thesun
As Leland stretched his mind's eye toward the heavens, Eyal
Ivarsson, John's warmaster, ran into the burning castle be
tween the would-be combatants.

"Stop! This is madness!" Eyolf faced the enraged Katla,
his back to Baron John. "The war is over and both Saxon and

eee
THE VENFFRWEGHRONICLE-


lis, the blood brother of your sire. He isnot yourenemy!"
Katla's eyes never left John, but Leland saw that the
affected her. After a moment, she spoke to Eyolf in a
the Tremere had to assume was native to them both,

ithe einherjar Gangrel responded in kind. Her eyes passed
Byolfand Leland before letting the axe drop to her side.
She allowed Eyolf to escort her from the castle as the

d to bear his weight.
"Youhave done me a great service today,"

The first act of Ventrue Chronicle takes place in the

halls of medieval York, at the beginning of the 13th
itentury. [t has elements of a murder mystery, and a complex
political tapestry in which characters can strive for personal
invancement. The court of Baron John of York is beset by
Mnzedy. Several important members have met an untimely
end in the past months. Mithras, Prince of London, has used
Sagent within John's inner circle, a Tremere named Leland,
Ipveaken his opponent's support in north England. The
Sluracters are asked to root out the source of York's woes, at
fhe same time entangling themselves in complex webs of
intriuespun by John, Mithras and the Tremere Meerlinda of
Durham.

For more detailed information on Cainites of the 13th
Rentury, it might be a good idea to reference Dark Ages
Wampire. For more information on the British Isles at this
fine, see Dark Ages: Europe and Dark Ages: British Isles.

Theme and Mood

The Dark Medieval is a world dimly lit by candles and
forches. Where curses, legends and monsters are all too real
@ mortals lock themselves behind heavy doors and castle
Walls as daylight wanes. Vampires of this period are the true
lets of the night, preying on the kine masses and serving as
iarkteflections of kings and feudal lords. The War of Princes
iagesactoss Europe as the children of Caine rise against each
imher in open conflict, seeking to
Conquer centuries-old enemies.

xpand their domains and

The conflicts of Europe are waged subtly in the British
IBks, but lose none of their bitter intensity. A dark power has
ffeen in London and forces the Cainites of England to his will
= though many chafe under the:
Specifically, Baron John of York seeks independence from the
Methuselah Mithras, playing a dangerous game that could
fenily end in ruin or Final Death. Many secretly share John's
Meite to throw off Mithras' control, but John has both the
ipower and support to pose a significant threat to the
Methuselah's established order, the Baronies of Avalon.

e newly forged chains.

—

Ventrue Chronicle explores the themes of loyalty and
ambition, as characters find themselves embroiled in a con-
flict between Ventrue elders. Baron John looks forallies in his
struggle against Mithras, and such friendship brings certain
rewards. The patronage of such a notable Cainite has im-
mense value, and may prove a stepping-stone to power or
domain.

Beyond simple ambition, Ventrue characters are also
bound by loyalty to their direct lineage and other close blood
are visited upon the sire, and
on entire bloodlines. Disgrace reflects badly not only on the

relations. The sins of the child

individual, but on both previous and subsequent generations.
Success can mean great prestige and respect — for both
character and sire — while failure may lead to shame and loss
of dignitas.

Setting

The glory and splendor of Rome have come and gone, as
have hundreds of difficult years as humanity has struggled to
rebuild civilization. It is now A.D. 1230, and the medieval
world is divided into kingdoms and empires governed by
strong bonds between lord and vassal. Powerful kings and
princes live off the toil of the nameless masses, while lesser
nobles struggle to achieve influence of their own. This envi-
ronment is well suited to the children of Caine as it closely
parallels their own Tradition of Domain. As the castles of
mortal the nobility fall quiet for the night, a vampiric nobility
arises from forgotten dungeons and locked towers to hold
court, sometimes even in the very same chambers as their
mortal counterparts.

Cainite society is divided rigidly between the High and
Low Cla
base, and from pretenders from foreign lands. The Ventrue

ns, separating the noble and powerful clans from the

consider themselves the rightful rulers of the night and have
secured the lands of England and the Holy Roman Empire as
theirdomains. These Warlord princes establish themselves in
medieval cities with all the pomp and finery of the kings of
kine, surrounded by entourages of servants and retainers,
governing a network of vassals owing them oaths of fealty

What follows are brief descriptions of some of the loca-
tions used in this act, along with ways for you to create a rich
world.

York

Founded as the Roman city of Eboracum around the turn
of the millennium, York has featured prominently in the
history of the British Isles. Situated on a peninsula between
the River Ouse and River Foss, the city is a major port and
trading hub, with close ties to London and the Continent.
York is surrounded by high banks and timber, all of which is
periodically interrupted by large stone gates that were carved
into the earth by the Normans when they seized the city in
1067. Those wishing to enter by land must pay a toll as they

<==:

yy,
FUOWS HI


pass through these gates. Those wishing to enter by boat pay
as they are stopped by chains strung across river access points.

York Castle

The original castle was built in 1069 shortly after the
Normans took the city, and Ventrue Julian Cerialis immedi-
ately claimed it as his haven. When Julian met Final Death,
John assumed control of the haven and held court there. Built
by William the Conqueror on a large earthen mound over-
looking the southern approach on the River Ouse, the
fortification was destroyed by fire in 1190 during an intense
wave of persecution and violence toward the city's Jewish
population, which had taken refuge in the tower. John barely
escaped the conflagration with the help of Leland, a Tremere
messenger from Durham who has since become a close
advisor.

Rebuilt in timber shortly after its destruction, the castle
was expanded to include a courtyard with an armory and
residential buildings for guards and constables. Around the
castle, the River Foss has been rerouted to provide a shallow
moat, with two bridges connecting to the mainland. The
tower itself has become less a fortification and more a resi-
dence and symbol of political power. The common room
where John holds court is replete with hanging tapestries,

ornate silver and gold candelabra, and oil paintings. The
second floor contains a small library and two bedchambers,
John has established his haven within the castle, in the cellar
of the constable's chambers (he retains the constable as 4
ghoul servant). He presides in the main tower while William
de Stuteville, the Sheriff of Yorkshire, is abroad. The Baron

also has another haven outside the city walls in St. Ma
Abbey.

York Minster

Christians have congregated at the site of York Minster
since the withdrawal of Roman forces in the 4th century,
Several churches and cathedrals have been constructed and
destroyed here over the last thousand years. The Saxon
Minster was heavily damaged in the 11th century during
skirmishes against Normans seeking to control the city. The
Norman Minster was itself damaged extensively a century
later due to fire. Lack of strong leadership and public support
made repairs and renovations to the structure sporadic at best,
until Walter de Gray ascended to archbishop in 1215.

In 1220, construction on the Minster began again in eamest,
with the intention of building a rival to that of Canterbury,
Cainite Aimery de Methuin takes credit for the ambitious plang,
claiming to have no little influence over those close to the shrewd

—

* THE VENFROEGHRONICLE- 2 =


Serearchbishop. He hopes to combat John's influence over
fei with the power of the Church, seeking to take control of
farony should John falte
Aimery's ambition of controlling the Minster has found
ition within the cathedral itself. Beneath the structure

idottir has only recently returned to these under-
chambers originally used as a haven by her sire,
jand her grandsire Julian Cer
cance of the Minster, Katla has worked to undermine

lis. Understanding the

rch. Aimery has accom-
fhedlittle in response, yielding to these new pressures and
ing his true lack of guile and ambition.

The Walls
Sections of York's walls date back to the founding of the
finan fortress of Eboracum in A.D. 71, although the city has
Sxpanded considerably since that time. After the Roman Empire
Sandoned the fortress in the early Sthcentury, the Anglo-Saxons
iiiied the city by creating walls of mounded earth that enclosed
Solar area. Over time, the walls were strengthened and ex-
panded until the Normans began to construct walls of stone. The
Bh century sees a period of further fortification as stone walls
Hento fully encircle
The walls are interrupted by several bars, many fortified,
iphich are used as controlled access points to the city and for
fill collection. Bootham Bar, also called Galmanlith, along
ihenorthwestern wall was rebuilt by the Normans on the site
ian old Roman gateway and has come under the influence
i Katla Thranddottir. The einherjar maintains the guard
Maton and tower as a hidden, secondary entrance to her

he city

haven, as the structure is linked to the old Roman dungeons
hy a subterranean passage.
ipomer of the city and Mickelgate Bar along the southwestern

Walmgate Bar at the southeast

jal mark two other major entrances into the city, covered by
Mone archways carved through the earthen walls.

Alsoofnote isa 10-sided Roman towerbetween Bootham
iBirand the River Ouse. While the tower has fallen mostly
into disrepair, Aimery de Methuin uses an underground
amber within the structure as his haven. This is perhaps the
Mostheavily fortified position in the city and it overlooks St.
Mary's Abbey

St. Mary's Abbey

The first stone of St. Mary's Abbey was laid in 1088
nen the former church of St. Olave's had become too
Sill for the inhabiting Benedictine monks. The wealthi-
Stand most influential abbey in the north of England, St.
Marys became the secondary haven of Baron John shortly
later the destruction of his sire. Holding court in the now-
neglected St. Olave's Church when York Castle is occupied
hy the Sheriff of Yorkshire, John has insinuated many
gents into the abbey hierarchy and wields considerable
Biiy within its power structure.

mat
f their Danish nar
instead referre

1e into the

‘Walmgate Bar" instead of "Walm R

Durham

Situated ona peninsula surrounded by the River Wear,
the city of Durham boasts an impressive Norman castle and
cathedral, and a Benedictine monastery. The previous
Saxon structures were ordered destroyed by William the
Conqueror shortly after the Normans gained control, and
construction on the castle and cathedral commenced im-
mediately afterward. In the mortal world, the walled city
Serves as a strategic defensive position for the Normans
against the Saxons in the north of England, and against the
rebellious Scots. For Cainites, Durham plays an important
defensive role as one of the northernmost population cen-
ters in the Baronies of Avalon.

The Norman castle is of Romanesque design and has a
layout similar to that of York C
tower at the top of a large

stle. There is a fortified
then mound and an enclosed
courtyard surrounded by walls, a large stone gateway, a
chapel and other residential structures for constables and
the bishop. The castle is home to the Earl of Northumbria

and haven to Ventrue Eloise Marchand, John's representa-
tive in Durham.

Cathedral of St. Cuthbert

The cathedral is mostly finishe

save for the main
central tower. The twin West Towers were recently com-
pleted in 1226. A prominent holy site, the remains of St.
Cuthbert are kept within a shrine inside the cathedral, as
are the Lindisfarne gospels. The Benedictine monastery
adjoining the cathedral is led by Prior Ralph Kermet, over
whom Meerlinda has exerted some influence for over a
decade.

Serving as Durham's Elysium, the cathedral has seen
meetings between many of the city's most notable Cainites.
Those wishing to meet within the cathedral speak in
hushed tones while pretending to pray at one of the
cathedral's many small chapel alcoves. The building itself
has been constructed too recently to have developed a True
Faith rating of its own, although the shrines containing
holy relics at the front of the cathedral are repellant to
Cainites. Meetings most often take place at the rear of the
building, but those seeking exceptional privacy force them-


selves into proximity to the relics to limit interruption or
eavesdropping by other undead.

Lion's Gate Chantry

Atthenorthern base of the peninsula, near Milburngate
Bridge, lies Lion's Gate Chantry, home of Meerlinda and
base of Tremere operations in Britain. The local presence
of the Lindisfarne gospels and remains of St. Cuthbert make
Durham a prime location for the Usurpers. The area prac-
tically crackles with mystical energy.

The chantry is a tall stone tower, assumed by most to
be the secondary manse of a wealthy noble from the
country. Unwilling to expand the chantry beyond the
tower, the vampires within are forced to conduct their
magical experiments in four cramped laboratories with only
one disorganized library among them. There are no torture
has need to
confine her enemies. Captured foes are disposed of quickly,

chambers or detention cells, as Meerlinda rare!

without lengthy confinement — or chance of escape.

The chantry is surrounded by a hedge maze and lavish
garden, replete with magical wards and alarms. The mortal
magi of the tower are free to come and go, though unwanted
visitors or intruders are immediately recognized and dealt
with. For more information on the Lion's Gate Chantry, see
House of Tremere.

=e i
Manchester

fa Grtester
Fief of Chester

' Shofffielil

Major Players

York is the focus of a major power play among England
Ventrue: Three scions of the clan seek ultimate control ofthe
barony.

Mithras

Ruling from a distance in London, Mithras achievell
his present power through subtlety, guile and ruthlessness
Throughout his many centuries of unlife, this Methuselal
has consistently managed to wrangle the odds to his favon
twice bending England to his indomitable will. Mithrashas
kept a close eye on events in York and is aware of John's
independent nature. Direct confrontation between the two
elders would spark further division across A valon, howeve,
and Mithras' position is not firm enough to risk such
discord. This doesn't mean he isn't prepared to underming
John's influence, though, in hopes that a more malleablé
prince may assume the reigns in York

Baron Fohn

The youngest baron in England, John quickly ae
cended to power through the machinations of his sity

tesa

Leeds

-

Beverley" ~~

2
2

" Fief of
Liycoly


INTRIGUING
INFURIATING:

| ADVERSARY |

[OBScACLE}

TRAITOR

PLAYCHING

Wjilian Cerialis. John was Embraced at the close of the
Norman Conquest of England after being used by Julian to
fetake York, which the ancient had previously ruled as
prince. Rumor has it that John betrayed his sire and claimed
SEM hisown with the help of three powerful vampires
filledthe Triumvirate. When Mithras rose from torporand
Piminated the Triumvirate, John's debt to the three was
med and he solidified his hold over the city

Th the past century, John has allied with many who
ppose Mithras, but also acquired many enemies envious of
fhistelative autonomy in the north. Any number of rivals
Miitoiweaken his influence in York, some hoping to
Bppund the territories of Chester and Lincoln and others
merely to curry Mithras' favor.

Ratla Thranddottir

Herself once seneschal and childe of the prince of
Mork, then called Jorvik and under Viking control, Katla
Teents the compliant role she is forced to play in John's
court. Her einherjar sire, Thrand, was Embraced by Julian
(Cerialis under similar circumstances to John, though the
eldersought Viking rather than Norman force to retake the

iy. Thrand turned on his sire and seized the reigns of

power, expelling Julian to the south of England and instat-
ing his childe Katla as seneschal.

Katla learned at her sire's side for close to a century
before Julian's agents managed to incite civil strife among
both Cainites and kine. During the conflict, Katla fell to
torpor only to wake centuries later to find her sire and
grandsire dead, and John in control of the city. She has
played the loyal cousin and advisor only for fear that any
destabilization of York would invite Mithras to tighten his
grip. Her intention to rule her sire's city is known to all but
the most recently Embraced in the barony

Meerlinda

One of Tremere's Inner Circle and among the most
powerful magi in the Order of Hermes, Meerlinda partici-
pated in the ritual that created Ceoris in 980, and in the
Great Becoming that transformed the Inner Circle from
mortals into vampites 40 years later. She has established
strong ties with Baron John through his representative in
Durham, Eloise Marchand, and through her own represen
tative in York, Leland of Gloucester. She works carefully
but diligently to win John over while simultaneously con-
cealing far greater ambitions from him


Aimery deMethuin

Embraced in the middle of the 10th century on tl
Continent, Aimery was already a prominent figure in the
Cainite world when the Normans turned their eyes nott
ward to the British Isles. He and his sire Oliv ier sought toe
the Norman Conquest as a means to greater power, planning
tosecure control of York once William shattered the Englil
defenses. It was not until York had fallen and Julian andhil
newly Embraced childe John took control of the city thif
Aimery and his sire discovered their own plots had bem
foiled

Aimery resents John's hold on York, but his persondl
power base is not strong enough to topple John or rei
Mithras. For now, he accepts John as his prince, but rumoa
persist of his attempts to curry Katla's favor in hopes thatshe
will take the city and reward those who gave her aid. Kat i
recognizes Aimery's proffered loyalty as empty; he lacks the
true ambition or influence to play a major role in the city

JULIAN CERIALIS Eyolf Tvarsson

Julian was Embraced early in the 3rd century by Serving as John's trusted warmaster, Eyolf was Embraced

at the height of the conflict between John and Katla's sies

Originally serving as a scout for the einherjar seeking to regal

the prince of Eboracum, which would one day be
come York. His years serving his sire and learning
the intrigues of the Roman government instilled ir Jorvik, the Gangrel saw the futility in such a plan and found
him a near limitless patience and tire re comfort in the strength of Julian and his childe John. Serving
first as Julian's warmaster, Eyolfhas shown remarkable fidelity

to John and has gained much territory from Lincoln ang

A fter Constantine was baptized into the Church it

A.D. 306, Julian plotted against his sire and be

headed the Methuselah personally, thus assuming Chester. Katla's recent return to York divides Eyolf loyaltiey

control over the city. As the Roman Empire lost it
hold on Britain, Julian foolishly Embraced a prom -

an warrior named Dorian who longed to Leland of Durham
return to the Continent. Within a decade, the
imperial government collapsed, Dorian fled with

and he spends increasingly more time with his fellow einen

John's Tremere keeper and close advisor, Leland wields |
considerable influence in John's court after saving the baron

the retreating armies, and in was driven into from the fire of 1190. He firstcame to York asa representative

of Meerlinda from Lion's Gate Chantry in Durham, and hal
difficulty gaining the baron's trust, even after decades of

torpor by younger Cainites who blamed him for the

increasing political disorder

Julian twice regained control over the city, first in faithful service. In 1190, while several Jews took shelter in

York Castle, a fire broke out that almost brought Final Death
to the baron. If not for Leland's intervention, John mightndt

the 9th century with the help of the Danish warrior
Thrand (who later sired Katla and forced Julian int

le), and again in the 11th century with the assistance have survived. The fire was reportedly caused by the mas

of the Norman Captain John (who eventually betrayed suicide of the Jews, but rumors persist of Cainite involvement

Julian to Final Death). Julian's bloodline continues in possibly by he or she who benefited most from the

York through Katla and John, and through Evelyn de catastrophe. Leland is known for being something of an

Rocherre, John's seneschal, who is three generations eccentric, believing in strange superstitions and creating
removed from Dorian small magical charms and trinkets that he parcels out to thos

he feels are in need.

Minor Players Simon of Whitby

Aside from the major forces struggling for influence of

Embraced at the tum of the 12th century, Simon isthe
These lesser play- younger childe of Olivier. (Thus,
ets are pressured from many sides, moved about as pawns in

the games of their elders.

York, other figures play prominent ro Aimery is his "sibling.") Hi

sirerecently "called toLondon" after openly opposing Mithray

Simon has only recently ascended to power in Whitby at
Aimery's behest. Whatever hopes his sire had for placating

a ws

PFRWEGHRONICLE-

ee re oe ee


COMMANDING

S$NIVELLING

a -
THREAT] | USURPER] [ MASTER } [CHAMPION |
ek ey

[ =.

BENEFACTOR
ADVISOR

MENTOR
[APPRENTICE]

A

BI misthave gone awry, asSimonhasnothadany
nevis. Aimery has practically abandoned his blood brother to
sopponents in Whitby, having no true loyalty or desire to
it involved in Simon's affairs. Aimery has forsaken his
ther in favor of focusing his attention on John's court
Simon and others see this dismissal as weak and cowardly
Mithras' agents and other forces conspire to undermine
Simon's influence in Whitby, and he is forced to rely upon
ohn's patronage time and again.

Simon first met John in the nights before Julian's Final
Death, and became involved in schemes he did not fully
iinerstand. Simon's involvement in Julian's betrayal would
itavepained him many enemies, but the newly ins!
Morkmanaged tocon nce that
fine, Simon has remained secretly in John's debt, though he
Heashis troubles in Whitby make him more ofa liability than
mMaset.

Chelyn de Rocherre

Bom in the countryside of Normandy, Evelyn became a
Pioulservant toa Ventrue lord at the end of the 1 1th century
lAfterseveral decades of faithful service, she showed enough

led Baron
mon's involvemen

nce
a

ambition and initiative to warrant her Embrace in 1113.
Diligently tracing her lineage back through the centuries,
Evelyn was puzzled why her great-grandsire Dorian aban-
doned his sire in England to return to the Continent. She
resolved toretumn toher bloodline's rootsand traveled to York
with her sire's permission. Presenting herself before Baron
John along with her austere lineage, she became a retainer in

his court and was chosen as his seneschal

Eloise Marchand

One of John's most trusted retainers, Lady Eloise rose
quickly through the vampire hierarchy. Embraced little more
than a half-century ago, the young Ventrue maneuvered her
way into John's good graces through a display of incredible
political acumen. Assignedas John's representative to Durham
over Cainites many decades her senior, Eloise made the best
of the placement and further impressed the baron with her
skill and savvy. She became an adopted childe to John and
soon found herself in the vanguard ofa delicate political game
with the Tremere Usurpers in Durham. Still potentially
within a mortal lifespan, Eloise is less impressed with age and

experience than she is with subtlety and guile. This youthful


Players should feel free to ch
minor participants as their

any of this act
haracters' sires (or

grandsires), as each ad. ne measure of intrigue to
thestory. Ventrue charactersshould know th
ramifications of their familial bloodlines, while non.
Ventrue should understand just what alliances their
sires have with each of the major players in York
significant conflict arises Tremere characters wh«
vere sired by Leland, one of the act's antagonists,
which may cause difficultiesdown the line. While such
1 relationship is workable, it will cause you to make
many accommodations over the course of events.

Primary participants in the story should beavoided

hn or Katlaas possible sires make for incred

»werful characters due to their low generation
ind vast political influence. Before you presenta list of
potential sires to players, consider just how powerful
you want the characters to be

Certain sires create specific alliancesand conflicts
for their childer. Players who seek a positive relation
ship with John may choose Evelyn, Simon or even
Gerard (John's chamberlain) as sires. Gangrel with
Eyolf fora sire likely have a fierce loyalty to the baron.
though may also feel some connection to Katla. Those
looking for more of an adversarial relationship with
John, either secret or overt, may look to Aimery or

possibly a childe or yrandchilde of Katla

characters from the Lion's Gate Chantry in Durham

Tremere
might also provide some added intrigue, either as foil
rallies for Leland, especially because they may be seen

arrogance lowers her in the eyes of elders such as Meerlinda
This lack of re

surprise, as she c

pect in turn affords Eloise the advantage of

arly possesses ability well beyond her years.
She has become a success story for the neonate Ventrue of
York, but wise elders warn that the candle that burns twice as
brightly burns half as long

Schemes and Plans

The Cainites of York weave a complex tapestry of long
term ambitions and short-term goals. While elders engage in
subtle intrigues and gradual development, younger Cainites
see vast potential in the immediacy of the War of Princes,
seeking to gain prestige and domain. There are two major
Ventrue familial lines involved in this act, anda host of other
undead that all seek to increase their influence.

Many complex schemes involve active support for John in
the hopes of gaining his favor, or subtle machinations to limit or
restricthis power. Theact opens with the court inapanicover the
sudden disappearance ofseveral notable Cainites, and thisanxiety

offers many opportunities. Those seeking to undermin
tulemayuse the disordertoeliminate rivals, although suchactions
tisk drawingblame forall the deaths. Those hoping torisein John
esteem may strive to solve the mystery, or implicate arival asthe
cause of the problem.

John's

Characters involved in the political landscape stand

gain influence over the major players through blackmail op

favors. Doing so risks drawing undue attention, though)

specifically the kind that has gotten so many Cainites de

stroyed in recent months. Political maneuvering requite

careful gathering of both vampire and mortal informants,an

relies on an acute awareness of the social climate,

Other plots may center on the expansion of John
territory and new domains. Eyolfs raids on Lincoln and

Chester have created numerous opportunities for young

Cainites to acquire their own domains. Such boons a
bestowed by the baron alone. Several domains, large ani
small, have opened along the borders of the barony. Tha
whom John d

ems loyal and capable may receive lucrativeol

strategically important domains, while those he mistrustsmaf

watch as vampires decades their junior gain prestige. Woney

suspicious characters may inherit domains certain to be

retaken by Chester or Lincoln in a matter of nights.

John has intimated to Eyolf that Manchester would bea
welcome addition to the barony and would serve as a great
victory for York over the Barony of Chester. While sucht
conquest would be bitterly resisted by Marcus Verus, the
Baron of Chester, the prospect of such a domain has kindle
the fires of ambition in the unbeating hearts of many in John
court. While young Cainites may dream of such an opportit

nity, many elders harbor feelings of entitlement after the
upstart John snatched York from them. The responsibilityal
securing Manchester would fall upon only the most trusted
and capable of John's allies. This goal may be a driving foree
for the characters and their sires.

Of course, the choice between winning prestige {6
oneself orfor one'ssire may cause contention betweensireand
childe, especially if selfishness denies the bloodline standing
or profit. Yet, a character may prefer to be prince of a small
domain than settle for second place to a sire's ambitions. Ifa
character is successful in bringing dignitas to his bloodlineand
boosting his sire in John's eyes, he may find himself retainer
or advisor to his sire in a major domain along York's border
Any ambitions of gaining a personal domain would be dashed
for some time, though. Otherwise, a character may seek
dignitas for himself, securing his own domains at the cost db
betraying his bloodline and provoking his sire's anger.

Whitby is another major area of interest, as Simon's
position becomes rapidly less secure. If he collapsed, any
number of Cainites may seek to establish themselves in the
city. Characters close to Simon would of course seek to keep
the city under the influence of that bloodline, but Whithys
importance in the north makes it a prime target for the

Cainites of York. Characters of other bloodlines may seek

». ° THE VENER CHRONIC

————

man

mae

Hee eee


for themselves or their sires, which may create

With any members of the coterie in Olivier's line
The following is a list of other possible realms of
mce that characters may seek to adopt during their
York. Those who have spent much of their unlife in

Binsinuate themselves into the political fabric.
BE York's strategic importance makes it the
point of northern England. With the end of the

imsades, many knights have returned home, bolstering the

Military might of the city and making it a formidable power.

Whileboth Eyolf and Katla hav

ihisarea, there are numerous opportunities for other vam-

-onsiderable influence in

spires, To the north, Durham is in an even more strategic
spertion as the last outpost before Hadrian's Wall, and has

interest from more than one of York's Cainites, such
is Eloise Marchand.

City Guards — Part of the standing army are the city
ipiands who protect the bars and gates. Serving partially as
ipolice force and as defenders, these men-at-arms control
Whocomes and goes
ititys many entrances.
limong the guards, although Katla expands her influence
into this arena as well

The Church
ulseveral prominent abbeys and monasteries both inside
Midoutside the city walls. While Y
ihe largest and most influential, the clergy extends well

ond that edifice
Minster to Katla, and has begun to look elsewhere so as not
Mose his foothold among the clergy. John, on the other
hand, has considerable influence within St. Mary's Abbey,
neo! the most important abbeys in the north of E:

most notably collecting tolls at the
Aimery has established himself

York has literally dozens of churches
York Minster is obviously

Aimery has lost influence at the

gland.

Merchants — Sitting on a fork between two rivers and
Sewing as the last major stop between England and the
fdtiesof Scotland, York's merchants thrive. (
inmugh the major bars every day, trading with the consid-

Saravans move

ieablenumber of resident merchants, butchers, blacksmiths
@w other craftsmen. The area called the Shambles, just
Suuthof the Minster, is the center ofa large commercial area
imi hasbecome the domain of Evelyn de Rocherre. Count-
iiss opportunities exist among the various guilds and
imveling merchants in the city, however, drawing Cainites
S=notably Leland of Durham — with the promise of wealth
and influence.

Tax Collectors — Controlling a vast amount of the
fountryside of northern England, York collects a sizeable
Portion of the kingdom's taxes. Among the lands held by
Work Minster, St. Mary's Abbey and the local nobility, a
Biiplex system of tax collectors spans the region. While
iuny have tried, no single vampire has established a signifi-
sent presence among the tax collectors, though many of the
MiysVentrue have at least some minor standing with them.

Crime The criminal element in York is not so
organized as to be easily influenced. While brigands roam the
highways and cutpurses stalk the streets, there is no central-
ized structure in place. That doesn't meana character can't try
toestablish a thieves' guild of sorts, or set herself up asa robber
baron outside the city walls.

Sntroducing the Characters

While this story allows for some freedom in character
creation, remember that this is a Ventrue-based chronicle.
Characters should also have some connection to Baron John
—as presiding Ventrue in the area. It's suggested that they be
somewhat sympathetic to his secessionist ideals. That doesn't
necessarily mean open defiance of Mithras, as such flagrant
disrespect of the Prince of London could be suicidal, but some
resentment of the Methuselah's authority should find its way
into the hearts and minds of each character. For example, a
character's sire may have been forced from an important
domain through Mithras' political scheming. Ora close friend
orally may have been co-opted or eliminated by agents from
London. The Methuselah's influence is subtle but ever-
present, and his shadow looms in the minds of all of York's
vampires.

Ventrue Characters

Players with Ventrue characters have many options
open to them at the beginning of this act. For maximum
political conflict, encourage characters to have close con-
nections to either Baron John or his blood-cousin Katla.
John's seneschal Evelyn could serve as'a sire, creating a
blood connection to both John and Katla. Julian, who sired
John and Katla's sire (Thrand), features prominently in
Evelyn's lineage, and establishes an "uncle" and "aunt"
relationship between the two elders, along with the duties
and responsibilities that such kinship brings.

Characters could also be childer of Simon, John's
vassal in Whitby, who requests John's aid in Scene 1
Simon's loyalty to John is unquestioned, and the characters
may often be sent to York as neonates to continue with their
early training in the clan. Such characters could begin the
chronicle in John's court as students of Ventrue tradition,
or they could arrive as messengers from Whitby seeking the
Baron's advice and aid.

Further, characters could be prominent figures in York

art of John or Katla's entou-
Cainites from the south of England
that somehow drew unwanted attention from Mithras and
escaped to the Barony of York, where such dissidents may

rage. Or they could be

take refuge. It's important, though, that Ventrue characters
in this act have some loyalty to John, be it through blood,
favors or shared enemies.

Non-Ventrue Characters

While Ventrue Chronicle is tailored to the struggles of
the Ventrue in particular, characters of other clans may also
play a role. The Tremere have a significant presence in the

ES aii

FUOUS HE


THE AGOGE
ND FOSTERAGE

The Ventrue tradition of the the extended
training of neonates in the ways of the clan, often
culminates with the exposure of a childe to the views
and opinions of "local" Cainites. In the 13th centur
this tradition is blended with the medieval tradition of
fosterage. When a childe's training nears comy
sire calls upon a respected or influential member of the
clan toserve asa foster sire fora time. Neonates privy to
this type of fosterage ma : Sar anor
of uncle or aunt

Players may choose to design their characters as
foster" children of Baron John, Katla Thranddottir or
even Aimery de Methuin. Doing so may create an
interesting dynamic between players' characters, as truc

childer and foster childer vie for attention and respect

barony, particularly in Durham. Players may be prominent
Warlocks who have developed close connections to John's
court, or who have no desire to see Mithras' grip tighten
These Tremere may serve as advisors to Ventrue characters
or to other members of John's court. Gangrel characters may
also play a prominent role; the harsh moors of Yorkshire
shelter several of the clan. Such characters may work Eyolf
into their lineage, creating an even closer bond to John

Players who choose to create Cainites of other clans
may havea more difficult time establishing close ties to the
storyline, and you may decide toset limits on what clansare
available. The Cappadocians, Malkavians and Nosferatu
may find havens in the many churches and underground
vaults of the city. Assamites, Followers of Set, Ravnos and
Tzimisce are all but nonexistent in York at this time. The
Brujah and Toreador were mostly driven out with the
Saxons in the 11th century, though these clans still main
tain a presence in Edinburgh to the north

This is not to say that Toreador envoys from the
Courts of Love, Tzimisce from the Voivodate, Assamite
wanderers from the Outremer, or Lasombra spies from

Sicily are excluded from this act. Players may simply find

PLAYING TREMERE

layers can have Tremere characters, ostensibly

from the Lion's Gate Chantry ir ham. Baron John
Joes not share Mithras' antipathy for Meerlinda and has
rged a tentative alliance with the Usurpers. Leland of
Gloucester isa powerful Tremere in York and advisor to
John. He may bea contact forany characters originating
in Durham. Be con: f how a Tremere may fit int
the plot, however, especially when blame for events falls

on the Usurpers toward the climax

difficulty fitting them in. Pay close attention to the choice
players make during character creation, and devise stall
gies to include foreign agents before allowing them, Agi
bear in mind that this is a chronicle designed for Ventnigy
Characters of other clans need very specific reasons it
involving themselves in Ventrue affairs

Interests

There are several reasons why characters might gi
involved in the events of Act 1, before they even puri
Schemes and Plans." You are encouraged to use those thi
best suit the characters or coterie, and are encouraged i
develop your own to prompt character involvement

Loyalty

For Ventrue characters, loyalty to one's sire and blo
line isoften paramount. There isa good chance that characte
share a blood tie to one or more of the Ventrue in this ati
either directly or indirectly, and the events that play outmay
force them to either reinforce or re-examine their loyaltieg
Those connected to York should have some affinity foray
bond to one of the three major players in the city

Ambition

There are several opportunities for personal advange
ment in this act, ranging from acquiring dignitas to security
important territories. Recent events provide characters will
the means of standing out from the crowd and makingnamgy
for themselves, either in the hopes of filling vacant positioil
in John's court or inheriting domains along York's bone
Uncertainty in the city gives characters a chance to shine

Fear

Several Cainites have been destroyed or disappeartil
over past months, and it seems that those close to Johnhave
borne the brunt of these subtle attacks. Some of the chi
acters consider themselves targets, potentially even bette
ones than some of the Cainites who have already gong
missing. Fear is a great motivator, and characters who fini
their necks exposed are likely to seek out the threat afi
eliminate it. You may consider describing a failed attempy
on the unlife of one or more characters before the chroniela
begins, emphasizing the gravity of the situation:

While non-Ventrue characters may be motivated bf
the same factors, there isn't the same familial loyalty among
other clans. Members of the Low Clans may be less likeli
entertain thoughts of gaining domains of their own, fit
example. You may need to find more tangible reasons{im
non-Ventrue characters to engage themselves in the affait
of the Ventrue. Perhaps a character owes a Warlord adeht
or is bound by an oath of fealty. A character could see
sanctuary from Mithras' agents, seeking harbor among
York's Ventrue. A foreign character could hope to establisi
favorable relations between the Barony of York andahom
court, with an eye toward future collaboration. There aig
vast possibilities for non-Ventrue characters to become
entangled in the events of Act 1


the strong family ties between Ventrue and
ghilder, sires naturally provide aid or offer advice
gchallenging situa
Not requested or welcome. Ventrue sires have

tions. More often than not, this

to be overbearing and controlling masters,
an protectiv
warps their parental instincts, alienating them from

and supportive parents. The Curse of

ithe War of Princes rages, sires use childer almost as
at-arms and captains in the fight to acquire do-
influence. The north of Eng!
his advantage outward, and a sire may pressure a

nd is in flux as John

sto secure domains for the bloodline. Having trained
fin Ventrue traditions, sires often beara sense of debt

paldecisions in court and to establish proper connec
Should an unwary childe ang

as, retribution may visit the sire as well, forcing

fo closely monitor the actions of neonates. Not all

behaviors or decisions reflect poorly on a character's sire
however, and some Cainites grow frustrated with their
masters' constant involvement, only to find no assistance
when a matter of dire importance arises

Certain situations lend themselves far better to sire
interaction, or interference, than others. While at John's
court, characters have the opportunity to petition the
baron directly, likely to establish themselves and solidify
positive relations with the prince. Sires who feel their
childer overextend themselves or infringe on other inter-
ests may squash their progeny's requests, intercepting and
redirecting efforts to their own ends. Such meddling is
accepted in court, as Ventrue feel the actions of the childe
reflect directly upon the sire, thus creating the need for sires
to protect their interests. Other ways a sire may interfere
include persuading the baron to assign unwanted missions,
inviting characters to meetings with local and foreign
potentates when they have other matters to attend to, or
sending agents to shadow characters and report on their
actions.

Of course, there are times when sires must get
involved, such as when the dignitas of the entire blood
line is questioned. Blatant acts of disrespect against John
or open hostility toward members of his court draws
undue attention, not only to the offending character, but
to that character's upbringing. Such transgressions lead
from cloistered meetings designed to berate uncouth

ESTUOUS HEARTS

ye

————S


offenders to sires calling upon vast resources to counter
the actions of their childer — possibly even leading to a
particularly bad seed's Final Death

The Blot

Act 1 is set in York, in January of 1230. An air of fear has
settled on the city during the winter as prominent figures in
the barony have mysteriously disappeared or met their un-
timely end. Those loyal to John are paranoid that hisrivalsare
finally moving, slowly eliminating the baron's allies in an
attempt to undermine his position in the north.

As a result, John has called all of those loyal to him to
court, both to destroy any seeds of doubt regarding his station,
and to gain a better understanding of the events of the past
several months.

The characters sense Cainites' frayed nerves, and that
John's influence in York may hinge on resolving the current
crisis. Urged by the opportunity to fulfill personal goals, their
sires' wishes, their loyalty to the baron or by their own fear of
this unknown threat, the characters may assume the roles of
knights and rooks in a chess game between John and some
unknown aggressor

Through investigation and careful observation of local
Cainite activity, the characters uncover a plot that tests their
loyalties and places their unlives in utter peril. No one can be
trusted as the intrigues of John's court come into greater focus

and as the characters discover that they could be the next

targets.

Scenes: Storm Clouds Gather

The characters are present in the court of Baron John in

York Castle. Those familiar with York understand the impor
tance of the gathering all too well. Fear has encroached upon
the hearts of the city's vampires. Anxiety has grown for
months. Rumors of an outside power subtly undermining
York's stability spread among paranoid undead, becoming
most pronounced of late

Ina week's time, two of John's most promising retainers
have been destroyed. The first was a priest recently Embraced
by Evelyn de Rocherre who was a favorite of Archbishop of
York. Late in the morning, three fellow priests arrived at his
chambers after hearing rumors that the man was in danger of
demon possession, and attempted to drag him across an open
courtyard to purify his soul through prayer. His "saviors"
managed to get him almost halfway there before he was
reduced to ash. The archbishop has sent special investigators
toresolve the situation, and the Cainite community fears that
demon hunters now walk among them.

The second Cainite to disappear should be someone
close to one of the characters, perhaps friend or servant who
was destroyed under suspicious circumstances. You are free to
create such an individual or use a Background character
developed by one of the players. This second disappearance
should resonate with the characters as "too close for comfort."

——

INQUISITORS

If you have access to Dark

free to create a group of Church inquisitors who h

gest Inquisitor, (

been charged with finding the cause of the you

priest's unnatural demise. Such investige
as a foil to the players' characters, arriving at in«

tune times and increasing the level of fear am

the men to the characters, or even to John and Y
Castle. A careless neonate may cross paths with

individuals and meet an untimely fate

further into the general air of fear pervading J
If you do not have access to Dark Ages: Inquisi

that these ial investigators have not yet arr

Including a group of mortal antagonists increases t
ion and createsopportunities for combat or diplom
encounter

The events of this act could also serve as the
of an Inquisitor chronicle, with the characters t
to get to the bottom of strange happenings in
ilso revolve around findin,

Such a game could

mysterious force killing Cainites, though the ing

sed by unholy f

mortal: SSC

One possibility is to have a court servant or retainer dieing
way that appears as though one of the characters was the ffi
target. A retainer is attacked while performing a duty nom
mally handled by one of the characters, or a servant
destroyed in a character's haven while the character is avi
feeding. Another possibility is to use a friend or ally, ideally
one with whom a character has spoken to about Mithras gi
on York. This second loss should show the characters justhom
precarious their existence is

Vampires familiar with York (and who have Perceptiat
3 ormore) notice that several faces are missing in court. Thai
who are new to John's court may be able to gather fromthe
of minor functional
ies and servants (Perception 4+). While these absences ag
John, Kat

seem to take note of who is and is not presi

surroundings that there isa definite lack

not mentioned openly, prominent attendees
and Aimery
Characters should have an opportunity at this pointtomingl
with the assembled Cainites and gather information, eithits
on the political environment or on the recent deaths,
John opens court by welcoming any newcomers iif
apologizing for the tension in the air. He then relates th
fate of the two Cainites discussed above to verify thal
something is amiss in York, warning attendees to beonthen
guard. Characters should be encouraged to voice thet
concerns regarding recent events. Katla and Aimerystett

NSS2 _ - THE VENER GHRONICLE- P
lO SSS See


ters may notice that hischamberlain in York, Gerard,
epresent (Perception 3+ for characters from York, 5 for
who are not)
‘Alo at court are messengers from Simon of Whitby,
gforassistance from John in quelling the unrest plaguing
y. While Whitby may appear to be a
uous political environment or disorder caused by a
leader, paranoid characters — or those directly con-
gied to Simon — may rightly assume that Mithras has
fented the strife for many years.
Tfany of the characters are Simon's childer, the task of
forthe baron's aid can fall on them. This meeting may
place publicly or in private, but rumors abound in either
garding Simon's ability to preside over Whitby. Ifnone
thecharacters have any connection to Simon, this aspect
(Scene 1 can be downplayed somewhat. Near the end of
however, John dispatches one of his most trusted
ts, a Brujah named Connor, to deliver a message to
promising to send aid as soon as York's own problems
settled.
Characters from York or Whitby recognize Connor and
ihavehad positive experiences with him, knowing him to

Gand wishes him well.
Atsome point while court is in session, it's pointed out
John's chamberlain, Gerard, is missing. You may choose
handle this ina number of ways. Coteries that respond more
(0 political intrigue and social interaction may have
iced his absence already, but rumors begin to circulate as
ight wears on. Coteries that seek more action and
fiensity might prefer a more direct approach, questioning
Breven posing a challenge to the baron to produce his
iberlain or admit that he has met Final Death. John
sany allegations that Gerard has been destroyed and
és that his chamberlain had business to attend to. Char-
nple opportunity to gather rumors and
lation regarding Gerard's fate (Wits + Investigation,
ty 7). Those who are particularly successful learn that

personal or familial political goals. Cainites new to
Workmay make theirnames known orshow off their etiquette.
with ties in the city might try to demonstrate their
fytothe baron, undermine the efforts of others to do the

ime, or bring information or news to light that flaunts their
tions. This scene is a good time for players to get a feel

frwhat opportunities are available and, more importantly,

itcompetition they face in winning the baron's favor. Sires

present at court may try to prompt their childer to speak or
take action.

Scene z: Darkened Skies

After the business of court has been concluded, John
retires to his chambers and the collected assembly begins to
disperse. Characters may take this opportunity to gather
information or make alliances that would have been un-
seemly during the more formal atmosphere of the meeting.
Ventrue characters foreign to York may be approached by
Aimery or Karla, while characters of other clans may be
approached by non-Ventrue agents.

The local air of fear has turned to one of suspicion, as the
assembled Cainites turn wary eyes upon one another to
ascertain where loyalties lie. Conversations with Katla, Aimery
orany others undoubtedly involve subtle questions intended
to determine the characters' devotion to John's secessionist
ideals — or to Mithras' control over the baronies of Avalon.

After court, each of the characters should be approached
by one of John's servants and requested to attend a meeting in
the library upstairs. These invitations can be kept secret if you
want to add an element of intrigue to the scene, or they can
be formally announced, causing rumors to stir about the
characters' connection to John and recent events.

Characters can gather in the library as soon as they
manage to extricate themselves from any lingering conversa-
tions. This delay provides the players' characters a chance to
interact and coordinate — or meet for the first time. The
library is sparse, with only two or three bookshelves, although
even that may be more books than a character has seen in her
existence. The library doubles as a study; there are quill pens,
writing parchment and sealing wax arrayed on a table at the
far end of the room. Candelabra line the walls.

Leland and Evelyn enter once all characters are present,
and confirm the rumors regarding Gerard's destruction. John
remains conspicuously absent, relying on his retainers to
handle this meeting without him. From what the baron's
sources have determined, the chamberlain had been hunting
in the north of the city the previous night but didn't return to
his haven before dawn. Further investigation by the baron
discovered that Gerard was last seen walking southward away
from the Minster, engaged in conversation with a priest. The
search for the chamberlain has turned up little, though John's
agents assume he disappeared in the center of the city, in a
residential area just north of the River Ouse.

John fears that this is only the most recent incident in
what has become a systematic attack on the stability of his
domain, with this loss cutting closest to the bone. If none of
the characters hail from Whitby, Evelyn informs them that
the baron's vassal Simon sent word to John that Whitby is in
danger of collapse. If the coterie includes a character close to
Simon, Evelyn mentions the prince of Whitby's plight as a
possible parallel to the situation in York, with as bleak an
outlook. A messenger has been dispatched to Simon promis-


WHYM

Because of the liberties available to players during
character creation, there's no one reason why their char
acters' aid is requested. Ifall coterie members are Ventruc
childer of Simon, Aimery or any other single sire, the
reason can be linked to that blood relationship. But the
f OPE
1 Tzimisce envoy from the V

characters may include two Ventrue sing lineage
1 Gangrel courier
and a Brujah warrior visitir

What then?

You're encouraged to

rom the north of Scotland

chosen for their loyalty, while others may be chosen t
learn where their true loyalties lie. Foreign characters
may be selected for their fresh point of view, though they
may also be chosen so that John can discern their true

motivations

It's also possible that players swear they know why
theircharactersare chosen by John, and you're free to run
with those explanations. Those who are confused as to
their involvement or who actively resist should be taken
sside by Leland

Either can explain the reason John requested their assis

ot Evelyn after the private meeting

tance in order to assuage any misunderstanding. Even
characters adamantly opposed to the baron's rule would
be foolish to refuse his request, as his focus is now firmly
on them

Players should feel that their characters have a
vested interest in providing their services, and that they
were selected from among all the Court for their unique
contributions. This is a chance to win John's respect and
two highly valuable

friendship Assets

aid as soon as John can afford it, but the baron has to
concern himself with bringing order to his own house first.
Which,
been asked to this private meeting. John knows his hold over
the ci

land points out, is why the characters have

will break if suspicion and paranoia continue, and he
needs to get to the bottom of things without showing public
weakness. He requests the characters' aid in rooting out
whoever is plotting against him in exchange for his thanks
and patronage

Both Leland and Evelyn are happy to answer any of the
coterie's questions, although their information regarding the
chamberlain's loss is based primarily on rumor and hearsay
Leland volunteers that Gerard apparently limited his feeding
to the clergy, but Evelyn adds that such information is
unsubstantiated. If pressed for further details, Leland insinu
ates that Katla Thranddottir may be involved, relating the
story of the castle fire some decades earlier. While there is no
proof that the einherjarset the fire, the Tremere knows forsure

- THE VENPROE CHRONICLE: 4 ~

between her and John. While Eve
remainscalm and controlled throughout the meeting, La
grows impatient if questioned extensively, and uncot

notice that the Tremere holds the handkerchief in his
hand only, and rubs hispalm through the cloth when:

ion the interaction betweenLe#l
and Connor, the Tremere grows somewhat agitated,
explains that he gave the messenger a charm fashit
swift travel. The leather bag contained several feathersit

Ifthe charactersque

Leland calms down if allowed to continue in this
speaking of the potential magical power in commonit
the energies present in the physical world. He further
that the many amulets and rings he wears are each d
various things. At some point, the characters will likelyl
interest as the Tremere devolves into frivolous and mund
maple br
bringing long life and other unexciting remedies.

dotes of birch twigs bringing good luc

that they cannot guide the coterie directly, and
Leland and herself to John's chambers.

Scene >

Characters have sev
on what information the
the very |

the death of Gerard, including a determination of th

ast, the coterie can piece together some det

location of the courtyard in which he was attacked.
rumors that characters may uncover include:

© Gerard was staked by his prey while he wasatt
to feed and his victim ran off into the night.

© He was staked close to dawn, as no trace has been!
of his body.

assumed to be the work of Mithras.

© Gerard had not been chamberlain long, only for
last decade, but had earned the position through fiercel
to John.

© Gerard preyed exclusively on the clergy, though!
flicting reports claim that he simply had to feed withing
of a church.

 Hehad been seen walking south toward the RiverO
with a priest just before daw

© He distrusted Katla's motives and apparently co
with Leland against her.

om bl ae

—[——


people to walk abreast. After a distance of 15 feet or so, t

passage opens into a cobblestone yard. At the far side is a
short staircase and a large, oaken door. A leafless
dogwood tree stands in the center of the courtyard

encircled by an iron fence. Empty, wooden, garden
boxes line the walls leading to the staircase. Clouds
have gathered; the only light in the courtyard comes
from a sputtering torch in an iron hanger next to the
wooden door.
Upon closer examination (Perception 3+ required to
notice), the characters find a considerable amount of ash
blown against the boxes, and the remains of what we
once fine clothes. There is a signet ring, the charred
leather of expensive boots and the blackened and
melted mass of a cloak pin. Amidst the remains
beside the tree are a string of rosary beads and a
peculiarstake made from what looks tobe sharpened
bone. The bone has strange carved inscriptions along
itsshaft, though they are nearly indecipherable (Inte
ligence + Linguistics or Occult, difficulty 9 to glean
anything). Best guess is that they're some form of
cryptic rune-language, possibly inscribed as wards or
identification marks. Characters with knowledge of the
region's animal life (Survival 3+) recognize the boneas that
ofa large wolf, though ithas been polished considerably and
sharpened to a fine point. An attempt to use the Auspex
Discipline: The Spirit Touch on the rosary beads conjures
images of a young priest kneeling before the altar at York
Minster. Use of the same power on the bone yields visions
of blood and violence, and an angry, dark-haired man who
may have believed it to have magical powers.
Alternatively, if the coterie learns about Katla's
involvement in the fire of 1190, they may first seek her
out to inquire about her involvement in the recent
disappearances. Characters from York may have reserva-
tions about questioning the einherjar's, as she has a
reputation for aggressive behavior and little patience for
trivialities. Those who count Katla in their own blood-
line may defend her in an attempt to remove her from
suspicion. Characters from outside the city may be
unaware of Katla's short temper and know very little
regarding her history or connection to Baron John. In
any event, Katla is still an unknown, re-establishing
herself in the last four decades after close to 300 years of
dormancy. Even characters close to her may not entirely
trust her motives, or understand her methc
Katla makes her haven beneath York Minster, inthe
foundations of the ancient Roman fortress on which the
cathedral was built. Characters from the city can know
her whereabouts, but coteries from outside the city need
to question local Cainites. Any inquiries surely find their
way back to Katla, who immediately sends a ghoul to
invite the characters to an audience in her haven. If the
characters arrive at the Minster looking for Katla, with or


without such invitation, they are greeted by another of her
ghouls and then escorted to her haven.

The coterie may decide to delay speaking with Katla to
inquire about the owner of the rosary beads, or seek to find out
more regarding Gerard's last intended prey. Information ona
priest present at the chamberlain's death is provided in Scene
4, while details about Katla's haven are in Scene 5.

Of course, characters may turn to their sires for advice
at any time, or report back to their sires with details or
intriguing leads. If'a character's sire is part of John's court,
you may have the coterie summoned to report at any time
tokeep the elder informed of progress. Some sires may even
attempt to serve as mentor or master of the coterie, ordering
their childer to return with information before proceeding
at any time. Such overbearing behavior may breed resent-
ment between sire and childe, or shape a player's decision
to run to his sire later in the act

Scene ¢ AXising Gale

Already an impressive structure, York Minster under-
goes a slow transformation into a truly awe-inspiring edifice.
The cathedral is in various states of construction, as entire
wings have been torn downandare being rebuilt ina far larger,
more ornate style. The foundations for two massive towers at
the front of the Minster have been laid, hinting at the
grandeur of the architect's vision. The courtyard is piled with
artfully crafted stone slabs and other raw materials slated for
use. Several masons work by torchlight at night on small
projects within the Minster. It is rumored that Aimery de
Methuin hired a Toreador architect to design parts of the final
cathedral, but no Artisan has stepped forward to claim credit.

Due to thestate of disorderat the Minster, regularchurch
services have been disrupted. The mass continues to be
performed, but many parishioners attend small churches with
more stable environments. Asa result, Cainites have an easier
time entering the Minster. Holy ground has receded to the
sites of the purest faith: the altars, the small chapels and
several of the vaults

Information regarding the priest attacked the previous
night is readily available to characters. Two masons work
inside and a priest replaces candles. Any of these men can tell

of Father Albert, who frantically shared a story of being

attacked by monsters before dawn the previous morning. The
masons' version is colorful and exaggerated, sounding more
like a ghost story than any sort of realistic account, but they
refer the coterie to the attending priest, Father Jacques, who
they know is a friend of Albert's.

Thecharacters learn from Jacques that Albert wasknown
to rise early and walk to Monk Bar to the east of the Minster
to watch the sun rise. Along the way, he reported meeting a
strange gentleman who spoke of asick daughter he wished the
priest to bless. Walking him back toward the River Ouse, the
man led Albert down a dark alley to a small courtyard. From

what Albert said when he returned to the Minster some hours

later, he was attacked by the man, but then re:

strange gentleman with the same sickly pallor as the
Looking down at the dead body of the first man, he saw
he assumed wasa knife or dagger protruding fromhisback)
when he looked back toward his savior, the stranger was}
In a panic, Albert rushed home to gather himself
returned to the Minster only once the sun had risen and
were people on the streets.

Rumors inspired by the story circulated throughoutdl
day, and Albert finally retired to his home again to escape
incessant questions. If characters press Father Jacques a
further, he speculates on the incident with the neonale
who met Final Death a week earlier, and claims that

tion (successful Subterfuge or Intimidation rolls, difficulty
or simply ratings of 3+ required)

Other than rumors and speculation, Father Jacques
the masons have nothing more useful to add, all

Minster. The other describes her as an angel descended fra
heaven who walks the cathedral at night, bestowingher,
on the faithful. Characters with the Presence Discipline
(Intelligence + Occult, difficulty 7) recognize these react
as the results of repeated use of the power. Othersundoul
believe the men overcome by superstition and fear.

Thecharacterscan lear from Jacques that FatherAl
lives with two other priests and a housekeeper in asmall
south of the Minster. When the Cainites arriv
find the door ajar and signs of a struggle in the common:
and kitchen. The bodies of two priests lie stabbed to deatiiy
and the housekeeper sobs and bleeds to death on the pani
floor. Investigation (Perception 3+ required) suggests thatth
attacks were made by someone wielding a knife with his
hand. Characters may try to stop the bleeding (Intelligenct?
Medicine, difficulty 7), but that only buys an hour or tila
best, as the wound is deep.

If questioned, the housekeeper tells the coterie that
name is Marta, and that she wishes for a priest to comelll

axk her some questions, she explains wine Hagan
Earlier in the night, a woman matching Katla's dese

quarters for some time before leaving suddenly. Marta
where the priest was going so late at night, but Alberts
focused wholly on the strange woman and did not


ianers. Marta lost consciousness, and only awoke when she
heard the characters enter.

Further questions agitate Marta, and she drifts in and out
Ibiconsciousness.
dew, and succumbs to uncontrollable sobbing if the charac-

She doesn't know the other two priests are

ewrelate their fate. Marta may alternately blame the strange
oman for the attack or the man who saved Albert the night
shel, orboth, but she continues to plead fora priest until she
Mientually fades completely.

IA careful search of the house (Perception + Investiga-
Hin difculty 8) reveals a small wooden trinket that appears
Hphave fallen from an amulet of some kind, similar to those
fom by Leland. A small diary is also found among the
edclothes in Albert's room. Written in Latin, the diary
Meenbes the events of the previous night. A brief description
Bie inysterious savior is begun, but stops mid-sentence as
Miigh Albert's writing was interrupted.

If some characters went to find a priest, most likely
Mather Jacques, he arrives after Marta has died or when she
Hbtoo far gone to speak coherently. The priest is frightened
lithe characters, as if they murdered Marta and the two
ime, He becomes paranoid and runs from the house if the
Seberie doesn't manage to placate him and explain itself
Nomatter what the circumstances, the characters coerced
ielocation of Father Albert's residence from Jacques, and
ie bodies are found there afterward. This reality should
@omeback to haunt the characters later, if it does not set the
ieiy guard on their trail immediately. If special church
investigators are in town, the coterie's movements could
Hecome uncomfortably circumspect.

Sine +: Lightning Strikes

With information gained in Scenes 3 or 4, the coterie
BesourKatlaand is escorted to the elder's haven by a ghoul
vant. The encounter with Katla is decidedly different
@ependingon the time at which the characters speak with her.

Katla shows considerable interest in the coterie's
itaress so far, and is even more curious as to why John
mse the agents he did to investigate Gerard's death. She
Siplains that she has been looking into events herself, and
Hither own agents have been investigating the mystery
iMatlamakes every effort to determine what the characters
Hy) but volunteers little. She also attempts to endear
Belftothe coterie, playing on similarities in their respec-
ive situations. Characters from York may have been
Embraced around the time of her return to the city and
aifely began to assert themselves on the political scene at
eine time as she did, possibly making common allies or
ies in the process. Those who have blood connection

bused on generation, theirs based on geography
Sherequests that they bring any crucial information to
before troubling Baron John, hoping that whatever

"DON'T WORRY
MY SIREWILLBAILUS OU"

careful allow characters to call upon

ticky

f Aimer

termay be the childe

small influence over church

officials, but that doesn't mean the elder is willing to

call in favors he has cultivating to make

nt year

unlife easier for his childe. While sires offer myriad

hould not devolve into

sympathetic parents who rescue their children. Sire

wn right
hilder

1 on for ever

schemes older than their ¢ and may becom«

n call trivial problem that

Characters should be encouraged to itnew
trading fay
for handouts. They should also be

connections outside their bloodlines

f lookin;

¢xXious fo prove

instead

can exist without their sire
vould |

rs, Not as meal tickets.

advisors and counse

connections she forges, however slight, may result in alli
ances with the characters. The vampires may refuse her
request, at which point she claims blood right to inform
John herself; she is closer to him in blood than any of them
While Ventrue characters are not utterly bound by such
etiquette, they may incur her wrath if they defy tradition
Coteries foolish enough to declare their intention not to
keep her informed may rouse her legendary anger. She
promises to ruin their bloodlines and have them exiled from
York. Whether she has the power to accomplish this is up
toyou, but she uses these threats more as intimidation than
actual plans of action. More likely, characters who have no
interest in dealing with Katla are noncommittal or make
vague promises to keep her informed. This approach also
angers her, but the coterie hears of her displeasure through
others rather than directly

Katla's past, as mentioned by Leland, may come up in
this meeting, at which point the elder denies any involve-
ment in starting the fire. She explains that she arose from
torpor and stumbled toward York Castle, intuitively drawn
by the blood from the mass suicide. The city was strange to
her, and she found a mob surrounding an unfamiliar castle
Hearing there was apretenderon hersire's throne, she kicked
in the castle door in a rage. She admits to challenging the
baron to combat, but claims she was unaware of her close
blood ties to John, and her wits were confused by hunger. By
the time she had entered the castle, it was already on fire, and
she found a badly burned John being carried down the stairs
by Leland. Her first thought was that the mob had set the

building ablaze, but that didn't explain the dead inside, why


the second floor was engulfed before the first or why Leland
was in the building when the disaster occurred.

Katla suggests that Leland set the fire so he could play
hero and gain John's trust, which explains why the Tremere
frequently paints the event as an attack staged by her. Char-
acters close to John or Katla may debate points of this story.
York's Cainites havespeculated on real events fordecadesand
all have their own suspicions. If pressed too hard, Katla grows
angry and ends the discussion, announcing that there is
nothing more to say on the matter short of insults.

If the characters have this meeting before they track
down Father Albert, they may question Katla about her
knowledge of Gerard's death. She is not very forthcoming
with information, but can offer insight if they are entirely off
track. For example, if the characters found nothing of interest
at the courtyard, she may produce the evidence of the rosary
for their inspection. She may also provide information that
may have been missed earlier on, such as Gerard's need to prey
on members of the clergy. Ultimately, the meeting results in
the characters attempting to track down the priest who was
present in the courtyard and experience the events of Scene
4, at which point it behooves them to return to the einherjar
with more questions and suspicions.

If the coterie spoke with Albert's housekeeper Marta
before their audience with Katla, the meeting with the
vampire has a different tone. Characters undoubtedly ask
about Father A lbert's whereabouts and are told that the priest
is "safe" in her care. Further questioning reveals what the
characters already know about the events of previous night—
that some unknown assailant staked Gerard in the back as he
attempted to feed on Albert. Katla acknowledges that she has
her suspicions, but has yet to ascertain the "savior's" motive.
Until she has proof, she cannot point any fingers, but requests
that any further evidence be brought to her so that she may
inform John of the threat herself. She assures the coterie that
they will feature prominently in her report, thus gaining even
more respect and dignitas by deferring to the close blood
telative as a go-between

The characters may reveal to Katla the unfortunate
events that led to the deaths of Marta and the two priests,
which interests the elder greatly, butonly implies that Gerard's
killer was trying to eliminate the one witness who saw his face.

During this encounter, Eyolf Ivarsson arrives bearing
unfortunate news. Connor, the Brujah messenger dispatche
to Whitby, was ambushed by Lupines and destroyed along
with two ghouls and a carriage, leaving nothing but tattere
remains. John has called another session of court at dusk the
next night, and all Cainites in the city are expected to attend.
Katla tells the characters that Father Albert will be in atten-
dance, and may be able to identify his strange savior.

The characters may question Katla further, but her
patience grows thin. She has some measure of influence with
the city guard, and characters may request help clearing
themselves of three murders. Requests to placate the guards

> THE VEN FRYES

Be ee

DANE

Eye

acters to Wor

s relationship with Katla may cau

ler where his true allegiance

orks}

cibly Embraced

yn the moors of Y ire just fore k

When the Gangrel firs

tered the city of Jorvik, his sire presented him

the prince, Julian Cerialis, and his senesck
herjar Thrand
encountered the fier

e mad:

It was at this time that
tempered Katla, and th

entr Vhen the a

impression

nde

Norman

iking ind Julian Cerialis return

he chose to make f

the

iccessor and child

upport

ister J

The return of Katla from
yalties. He
understanding with his fellow einh

th of will

hares a kinshiy

jar, resp

il instinct. Bi
tforJohn

He under
» Ventruc

her strer and survi

pe
If with trust and fairne

treated |

there is tension between the

which kn
E

in

w that he would never

ther If walks a fine line

master active

are honored so long as the characters have acted in the spi
of cooperation. Katla makes it clear that they owe herforhil
benevolence, though. Characters who anger her may fini
their troubles with the guard have only begun.

Finally, dawn approaches, and Eyolf suggests that ti
characters return to whatever haven they are using to regia
and consider the night's events. He warns that fear stil
pervades local Cainites and even the city, and urges tht
characters to be careful. As the coterie leaves, Eyolf staiy
behind with Katla

As the characters exit the Minster, they notice thatthe
sky has grown cloudy and the wind has picked up. Atthit
point, the coterie comes under some sort of attack, be ital
ambush or open challenge on the street. The easiestapproad
is to have a group of townspeople or city guards blame ti
characters for the death of the two priests, or for any number
of unnatural events both real or imaginary. Another options
to have inquisitors catch up with the character
ing them of the de:

Again acc
aths and disappearances of priests
Itshould be obvious that antagonists — whateverfotl
they take — have some form of inside information abil
the characters. Maybe they are attacked just as they leavg
Katla's haven, or maybe they find a mob waiting for thei
at their own haven. The townsfolk could be inexplicablf
armed with torches, or know something personal about

character's history. Whatever the threat, the characte

Saale

re

SHRONICLE: =]


Iiysomeone who knew they were investigating Gerard's
Meith. No aggressors are specifically aware of being in-
formed about the characters, though, as if any information
Ss shared with them unconsciously

The coterie has the option to fight or flee, but dawn
@iickly approaches. The heavy cloud cover affords some
iprotection from the sun (see the table on p. 232 of Vampire),
butthere'sno guarantee that storm clouds won't break and let
thegolden rays of dawn shower the city. The characters need
Mescape this threat and find protection.

Bettie s: The Heavens Hpen

The journey to York Castle the next night is slowed by
fighwindsand heavy rain. The people of the city shutter their
ipindows and doors. Court assembles in the common room,
bit Most prominent locals are absent except Aimery. He
fimmediately approaches the characters and asks what they
sowabout the Lupine attack. If the characters attempted to
Sientify the strange bone stake with The Spirit's Touch, they
may be able to guess that it's some magical Lupine relic
intelligence + Occult, difficulty 9). Otherwise, they are
Shant-pressed to establish any definite connections.

The characters notice (Perception 3+) that Aimery's
Snonmally proper, formal demeanor thinly veils jangled nerves.
pHiseyes dart around the room to measure who is present. He
makes efforts to determine
Ielanicters' private library meeting, and what new informa-

xactly what went on in the

fon the coterie may be able to shed on recent events. If any
ifthe characters are childer of Aimery, he takes them aside
ilivams that there was a group of strange men lingering in
theatea of his haven when he returned before dawn. His first
ihought was to overpower them, but he reconsidered in light
Mfthe current situatior
ipithe characters have any close connection to Aimery, the

nd spent the day in hiding. If none

ieoterie hears this information circulate around the room in
bished whispers with drastically conflicting details.

The men who took such an interest in Aimery were
isitors. They received a tip from an unknown source (an
ent of Leland) that Aimery was a practitioner of the "dark
as. While Aimery has no real evidence about who sent
hae men, he fears he is next on the list of "political
@iminations." He's suddenly intenton discovering the source
Othe recent problems.

Diring this encounter with Aimery, John, displaying his
Waal confidence and poise, descends from his chambers on
ie sécond floor to call court to order. Leland follows the
baton. Katla and Eyolf are conspicuously absent when John
Confirms that the messenger to Whitby was destroyed by
Dipinesafter leaving the city walls. Alarmed discussion erupts
Miroughout the assembly, and Aimery challenges John di-
Matly, asking what assurances the Cainites of York have that
they won't be picked off one by one. Others echo the
Matement. John does his best to assuage their concerns,

explaining that the situation is under control, that several
capable agents have nearly completed their investigation,
and that no one is in any immediate danger.

The court's fear and frustration may be directed at the
characters, especially after John refers to the investigation.
Drawing upon any of the coterie's actions or conversations
with other vampires from the previousnight, feel free tocreate
warped and twisted rumors that call the characters into
suspicion. Be careful that conversations made in confidence
remain secret, however, lest the characters immediately im-
plicate other participants in some va Why did
? What connection do
the characters have to the murders? Aimery declares that

t conspirac'
John want to speak with the characte

sources witnessed the coterie entering Katla's haven the
previous night — what went on in that meeting? This last
question sets the entire court on edge, as Katla's loyalties have
always been aconcern. Such interrogation puts the characters
at the center of attention. Essentially, the crowd searches for
a scapegoat.

Concern over Katla's absence raises tensions to riotous
levels, as the einherjar is likely plotting their destruction.
Demands for her attendance call out above the rising din of
conversation and accusation, and Aimery petitions John to
send someone to find her and bring her before the court.

During the commotion, the wind outside the castle
reaches fever pitch, with rumbling thunder and flashes of
lightningcompetingwith the words ofthe assembled Cainites.
The walls creak, drawing the characters' attention to Leland
and John. The Tremere whispers nervously in the baron's ear,
still unconsciously rubbing at his left hand. Characters with
the Auspex powers Heightened Senses or Steal Secrets hear
Leland connecting the characters to Katla, and attributing
her absence to dark motives. Otherwise, John calls court to
order and reminds the assembly that no trial is underway. He
does, however, ask the characters if they know Katla's where-
abouts, and what business they had with her.

The characters may explain their connection to the
einherjar, but before they can say anything of importance, they
are cutshort by the chamber doors crashing open. Katla, Eyolf

and Father Albert stand in the doorway as the wind whips

through the room. Candlesare blown out, tapestries billowon
the walls, and lightning and thunder crash. Katla announces
that Albert is the priest on whom Gerard fed when the
chamberlain was staked by another Cainite — and that the
priest can identify the offender! If the characters achieved a
positive outcome in the meeting at Katla's haven and agreed
to come to her with any new information, she gives credit to
them for their aid. If they refused her requests and decided to
keep her in the dark, she claims all credit for herself — even
pointing to the charactersas obstacles if they were particularly
stubborn.

Conversation turns to conspiratorial whispers as several
members of court question the audacity of bringing a mortal
to the proceedings. Characters should overhear hushed plots


once his usefulness is at an end.)

Ofcourse, with the candles blown out, Father Alberth
trouble identifying anyone. John's servants clos
and go about restoring the lights. Leland is noticeably dig
turbed by the arrival of Albert and shifts his gz
room ina panic, which draws the attention ofs
Characters may use the Auspex powers

oulsight to read his immediate thoughts or view his
either of which implicates him in the recent murders. With
his attention focused so intently on Father Albert, Lelan
neglects the handkerchief he normally carries in his left
and reveals that his palm is badly burned. Indeed, it bears
branded inscriptions from the handle of the sharpened
stake. Characters with combined Perception and Awarents
scores of 7, or those with Heightened Senses, notice this
connection to the murder weapon.

If the characters do not pick up on any of these
Leland questions Albert directly, claiming that Katla pn
duces a false witness to protect herself or one of heragentsi
asks the priest to point to the man whom he saw the otf
night. Albert looks over the crowd in confusion
pointing to Aimery de Methuin. Atthis point, Lelandact
Katla of trying to eliminate Aimery, while many in thee

acters (or other characters with the Dominate power) findthe
whole process circumspect, and (with Occult 4+) recogni

can determine that Leland was the vampire who alter
Ibert's memories

any time the Tremere feels directly threatened, he uses
Thaumaturgy powers to increase the intensity of the st0

YOU CAN'T PREDICT
THE WEATHER

We realize that events described here
tbh

history somewhat. York Castle was indee
down ina gale, but we've altered the date of t
event for dramatic effect. It actually happened
1228, a scant 38 years after the castle's d
tion by fire in 1190. Indeed, that fire occu
after a mass suicide by the city's Jewish pop.
tion. Both events really occurred, thoug!
assure you that vampires did not play a role
either tragedy. To be historically accurate, th
was no castle on this site in 1230, the year of

Dark Ages setting


fire until the castle walls collapse. The second floor : aaeme
Rashes down upon the heads of the court, causing everyone REGO TEMPESTA

avoid falling debris (Dexterity + Athletics, difficulty 8) or ; 1
Leland specialized in weather manipulation as a

fikinjuty (five bashing damage). In the commotion, at least qibitel saben soe wan nanheleiaa no diert:
Iie of the characters should witness Leland fleeing the ‘ etd \ aes
ki Tempestas path of Thaumaturgic study. Through the
gercxage use of blood, the Tremere may command the weather

Geene 7: Into the Maelstrom to his will, calling obscuring fog or gale-force winds t

his aid. The most powerful Warlock even call

TheTremere runs north from the castle into the heart of bolts of lightning from the sky and direct them at

thecity, and characters who give chase face the full fury of the enemies. Changes to weather conditions are local.

Som. The coterie may choose not to chase Leland, assuming eringonly three tofourmilesindiameter,and

ihenuns to his haven and they may seek him there. Even the

may take hours toachieve completely. The storm that

most knowledgeable of characters in the coterie may not struck York in the previous scene occurred naturally

fiow exactly where Leland keeps his haven, though, other AE NMHN RGRAY Tata tet eet teste et

than the fact that it's outside the city's northern walls. Less use of blood magic. Specific details on this path can be

impulsive or more conscientious characters may stay at the found in Dark Ages: Vampire and Guide to the

faletoensure John's safety, or tohelp rescue membersofthe Jam
burt Ifthe coterie has an opportunity to speak with John or Fae scnt sect clal aon nahacae ae

Byelyn, they learn the location of Leland'shaven. Ofcourse, ii i ti sis

Homuch delay risks losing Leland completely and the baron i-th i ii ie

lis the characters to pursue. being revealed, Leland useda ritual called Suspension

The ruined castle tower sits atop a high earthen mound of Incantation, which allowed him to prepare his

land is surrounded by a sturdy wooden wall. Part of the wall is escape hours before his crimes were revealed. This

Westroyed when the building collapses, creating an avenue of ritual allowed him to secretly increase the vast de

Iesape for Leland. The mound is slick with rain and made structive potential of the storm on a command. This

tore difficult to navigate with the heavy winds, which may ritual can be found in Players Guide to Low Clans
ieuuse the characters to lose their footing. At the base of the
Rillisa moat some 50 feet across, with a bridge. An expanse
open area separates the castle grounds and a Franciscan such as horseshoes, roof tiles, hammers, cooking pots and
Abbey, which marks the beginning of the city proper. Leland — wagon wheels may cause as much as 10 to 15 bashing damage,
pauses at the abbey to see if he's being followed, and directs knocking characters off their feet. Larger items such as wagons
Bblsoflightning to deter any pursuers (Perception + Occult, or collapsing structures like walls or spires may deal lethal
Gificulty 8, to hit due to low visibility, dealing 10diceoflethal damage or trap characters against walls or beneath rubble.
damage). If pursuit continues, Leland flees into the city, Beyond this, more lethal debris such as nails, glass shards,
PPsbly using Celerity to distance himself from his pursuers. cutlery, pitch forks and broken shards of wood are all viable
Leland heads northwest through thecitytoBootham Bar options, and you should adjust damage accordingly
elorechanging direction to the northeast and heading for his Looters and Brigands

haven at St. Thomas' Chapel. Characters with a Perception The storm smashes shop fronts, overturns wagons full
#Sunvival toral of 8 or more have no trouble keeping track of of goods and forces people into their homes — providing a
Helind. Otherwise, rolls to follow his flight through the city perfect opportunity for looters willing to brave the hazards
memadeatdifficulty 8. Ifthe coteriedoesmanagetolosetrack of the weather. Watching a small cadre of characters
fits quarry, the characters may try to ask local townspeople running through the storm, presumably to find shelter, a
iithey saw Leland pass, which may put them back on his trail. _ group of cutthroats attempts to attack them for their valu-
Otherclues for characters to followareshreds ofthe Tremere's ables. This option is most likely if the majority of the
fit, ora talisman or amulet that he has dropped. Characters characters are well dressed

Mihipoor tracking ability are best served asking someone in Git Gussie

imiseourt about Leland's haven

With looters roaming the streets, guards try in vain to

You have any number of obstacles to throw at the maintain some degree of order. The characters may easily

haracters during this scene, making the chase a challenge; be mistaken for looters running through thec ity, especially

hestorm causes chaos in the city. Some possibilities include: _ jf the coterie includes no nobles. Interference may be as
Flying Debris simple as a guard yelling, "Halt!" or as complex as a group
The force of the storm turns harmless objects into lethal _ of aggressive guards attempting to subdue the characters,

Projectiles. Small pebbles and stones fly with the force ofsling _ erring on the side of caution. The longer the vampires are

filles, dealing five bashing damage. Medium-sized items delayed by guards, the more opportunity Leland has to

ms

a ACT | FEMPESPU@UWS HEARTS: ,
AE ey


escape; combat may not be the most efficient option avail-
able to the coterie.

It's possible that the characters catch up with Leland
before he can make it to his haven, and youshouldbe prepared
for that eventuality. Yes, some unexpected result of the storm
can free the Tremere, but this robs the characters of their
victory. A better option may be to have Leland convince
them that he did not work alone, acting as Mithras' agent. He
professes that he is simply a pawn and has documents to prove
it in his haven.

The characters are justified in mistrusting the Tremere,
but Leland is artful enough to play to the Ventrue desire for
prestige and accomplishment. If the characters simply bring
him back to John, there is dignitas in it. But if they bring back
Leland and proof of Mithras' interference in John's affairs...

Scenes: Claps of Thunder

Leland's haven in St. Thomas' Chapel is across an open
field called the Horse Fair, just north of Bowing Tower, at the
northern corner of the city's defenses. The Tremere may or
may notattempttouse lightning todeter the characters at this
point, depending on how much blood he has used. The chapel
itself is unassuming from the outside and seems to be aban-
donedatfirstglance. There appears to beasinglecongr
room and a spire that once housed a bell

Any character who opens the door to the chapel suffers
three points of lethal damage, as the door is protected by the
Thaumaturgy ritual Ward Versus Cainites (see Guide to the
Camarilla or Dark Ages: Vampire). The incantation is
inscribed as a glyph on the inside of the frame. The main hall
of the chapel is small, with seating for up to 40. The stairway
tothespire collapses under any weight. There is also stairway
toacellar that appears well kept and well used.

You have many options for the defenses of Leland
haven. The Tremere is versed in Thaumaturgy and has grown
paranoid with his alliance with Mithras. The cellar has a
hallway with three rooms that serve as library, study and
bedchamber. Some possible encounters there involve

Ghouls

Leland has created two ghoul servants to aid him with
rituals and defense of his haven. Either one, both or neither
may be present when the characters arrive. The first, Brom, is
a peasant who serves as Leland's manual laborer. He is large
and muscular and has one level of Potence and Fortitude on
which to draw. The second, Adele, is the runaway daughter
of a merchant, and Leland grooms her for the Embrace. She
iscrafty and sly, and has studied many of her master's books to
better assist him with his work. Adele has one level of
Potence, but also knows two levels of Thaumaturgy (Creo
Ignem), and defends her master to the death.

Wards

Leland is quite accomplished with wards against ghouls
and Cainites. Fear of discovery has led him to ward anything

from doors to books to floor tiles in an attempt to pra
himself from spies and intruders. Feel free to determing}
what objects are warded based on what characters mighty
interested in touching. Possibilities are scrolls, steps on the
staircase, shelves in the library, drawers on the des ini
study, or any of the various magical trinkets adoring the
place. Some wards may be similar to the one described abovgy
while others may cause objects to burst into flame, to siphon
blood through the skin or to incite frenzy. You can alsocreatey
your own wards to surprise or frighten the players.

Booby Traps

You an create yourown yourown booby craps) taal
spring-triggered swinging blades and falling aketaaa

used to great effect on the stairwell to the cellar. Such traps

could be sprung by putting weight on certain steps orf
standing on a particular floorboard. A sword trap infliet
four dice plus two automatic levels of lethal damage, Whiley
an axe inflicts five dice and two automatic levels. Derailsony
these traps and others can be found in the Right of Princes
sourcebook for Dark Ages.

Leland makes an effort to fight the characters if his
wards and booby traps inflict any significant damage. Hava
ing little blood left at this point, he fights hand-to-hand
but only if he is confident of victory. Otherwise, his goalig
to retrieve (or destroy) a diary from his study and to escape
to his bedchamber at the far end of the cellar.

IfLeland reaches his bedroom, he steps onto acittled
charred ground and speaks the name "Reginald of Durham!
before disappearing from sight, using the Thaumatutgy
ritual Escape to a True Friend detailed in Dark Ages
Vampire and Guide to the Camarilla. Characters mij
attempt to determine exactly what causes him to disappeam
(Intelligence + Occult, difficulty 9) or may search hi
library for a book detailing the ritual (Intelligence + Inve
tigation, difficulty 8).

The characters may prevent Leland from reachinghigy
diary, in which case they win documented evidence of hig
association with Mithras. The Methuselah had established
contact with Leland five years earlier, offering rare and
sought-after books of occult lore and ritual magic in ett
for information regarding those close to Baron John. At
Leland's request, Mithras would spare the Treméreitl
Durham and John himself any direct harm. The diany
contains a full account of the information the Tremett
provided to Mithras and what occult tomes were received
in return. In general, it implicates Leland as a killer and
saboteur, documenting his progression from mere infor
mant to assassin.

Details regarding the bone stake are also provided by
the diary, explaining that Leland's research determined the
weapon to be particularly painful and damaging to Cainites
After he used it to send Gerard into torpor, the bone itsell
became as hot asa brand and burned its inscribed runesinto
the Tremere's palm. While Leland was unsure as to what

Se Beg Oy Dt BOR Brigri s e

Ae QOseteg


Happened, his best guess is that the weapon activated upon

Contact with vampire blood and burned with the fires of

Hell itself, turning Gerard into ash.

Ifthe diary is taken or destroyed, characters can search
Leland's study. On a table, they find a letter written on
Rehalf of Mithras proposing an alliance, but it lacks the
hard-and-fast details found in the diary. Also in the study is
ap unfinished letter addressed to Mithras that details the
characters' interference in Leland's affairs. The Tremere
iikes repeated mention of their meddling and states that
he might not be able to wait for an answer from London
before acting to remove the threat. There should be refer-
ice in the letter to earlier correspondence regarding local
tharacters in the coterie, specifically that they need to be
targeted "ahead of schedule." Characters should get the
definite feelir
time.

hat they have been on the list for some

Further investigation of the cellar may be hazardous, as
there are multiple wards and booby traps throughout. The
library contains an almost unequaled collection of occult
fexts, some of which are only rumored to exist. (These
Woliimes are particularly warded and protected by a variety
other means.) If you wish to move the story along, you
@anintensify accidents and injury, though you may wish to
allow characters time to explore and thus downplay re
Maining dangers.

LEADING THE CAPTIVE

If the characters manage to capture Leland at
any point, he leads them through his haven, point-
ing out specific traps and wards along the way. He
describes a diary in his study that details Mithras'
involvement in York, but his intention is still to
retrieve the book and exit through his bedchamber
If he sees that there is no possibility of escaping
with the book, he chooses to save himself and
leave the diary. Characters may still prevent this
from happening, but Leland is very sly. If the
characters are vigilant, he tells of asecond volume
of the diary that he keeps in his bedchamber, he
subtly steps on the charred circle on the floor, and
mentions Reginald's name. If any character is on
the circle with him at the time, you may choose to
have her travel with him to Lion's Gate Chantry,
which creates an undoubtedly dramatic twist. Of
course, the characters may prevent Leland's es-
cape altogether, either by restraining him
physically, compelling him to stay through use of
Disciplines, or cutting off any escape route to his
bedchamber. In any of these cases, he attempts to
fight to the death or commit suicide rather than
face John's wrath


Scene o: Eye of the Storm

As the characters leave St. Thomas' Chapel, they meet
Eyolf Ivarsson, who immediately asks if they subdued Leland.
Ifthey have, he takes custody of the traitor in John'sname and
asks the characters to accompany him to St. Olave's Church
in St. Mary's Abbey, the baron's secondary haven. If they
have not, he demands to know why, and the methods by
which the criminal escaped. If the characters try to dissemble
or evade Eyolfs questions (or if they refuse to give up their
captive), he tries to gain what he seeks through intimidation
or force. They may notice that his Beast is very close to the
surface and that he is extremely agitated after the night's
events. Too much stalling incriminates the characters in
Eyolf's eyes, and he labels them conspirators with Leland.

When Eyolf happens upon the coterie, he is near frenzy
and intent on finding the betrayer. Seeing the characters
emerge from the Tremere's haven startles and confuses him,
prompting him to assume a hostile posture. The Gangrel has
recently lost two men he considered friends, Gerard and
Connor, and was nearly destroyed himself when York Castle
collapsed. He paused only long enough to make sure Katla and
John were safe before charging off into the storm to Leland's
haven.

Eyolf'sclothesare ragged and bloody, evidence of consid-
erable wounds inflicted by flying debris, and he makes no
effort to keep a growl out of his voice. Any action on the part
of the coterie that he feels delays him from subduing Leland
or aids the Tremere's escape makes him consider the charac-
ters enemies, or at the least, obstacles. His first instinct is to
intimidate the coterie (roll nine dice for Charisma + Intimi-
dation). Failing that, he may become physical with whatever

character he perceives to be the leader. Feel free to develop

Eyolfs capabilities to your liking, but remember that the
Gangrel has been warmaster for one of the most influential
fiefs in Britain for close to two centuries.

If the characters are forthcoming with information on
Leland's escape and connection to Mithras, the Gangrel tells
them of conversations with Katla regarding the Tremere's
recent behavior. She fears that Leland is a small player in a
greater scheme between Mithras and Meerlinda of the Lion's
Gate Chantry in Durham, and that the two elders conspire to
destroy John's influence in the region. If the characters
mention the name "Reginald of Durham" in their explana-
tion of Leland's escape, Eyolf recognizes it and informs the
group that Reginald is one of Meerlinda's retainers.

Fighting Eyolf at any point should be discouraged, either
through hints at his reputation throughout the chronicle, or
physical descriptions that give the impression of a warrior not
easily trifled with. Those coteries that do engage Eyolf may
have some chance of besting the Gangrel, despite his prowess.
Such characters become suspect in the eyes of all in York, as
Eyolf is John's most loyal retainer. Attitudes in John's court
turn hostile, and the coterie could easily be blamed for all the

ills of the city, however unlikely members' involvement
be. Katla may find some interest in the characters' courageanil
warrior spirit, and could later negotiate an uneasy peae
between the coterie and the Gangrel. A fight now delaysthe
characters considerably and cuts off many available options
but information about Durham should still be availablg
through Katla — who may be the coterie's only ally atthis
point.

If the situation is handled peacefully, the Gangrel a
swers questions regarding his knowledge of Durham andn
Mithras. He stresses the dangers of opposing eitherpowenall
fears that the coterie may be in danger of repercussions fromm
Leland if he has escaped. Eyolf offers to escort the chara
to St. Olave's Church for their own safety, explaining that
John and his retainers have relocated there now that York
Castle has been reduced to a pile of timber. Many of the citys
Cainites have fled to their own havens, fearing to gettoocleg
to the baron lest another unfortunate disaster strike. Eyoll
understands if the characters do not wish to travel to John
haven, but advises the coterie to stay together for its owt
safety

The characters notice that the wind has calmed somigs
what, though sudden gusts still toss debris into the air andthe
rain limits visibility to a few yards. They are faced with'
crossroads of possibilities at this point as the events of thé
previous two nights have finally calmed. Standing outsideth
castle walls, the storm turns to hard rain, and the characte
weigh their options.

Depending on how the characters have handled even
so far, they should have arrived at certain conclusions. Severil
local Cainites have been destroyed, potentially including
allies and close contacts. Leland was coerced by Mithrasinti
betraying members of John's court. York Castle has beet
destroyed, throwing court into a panic and sending vamp
scurrying for the safety of their havens. The charactersmaybe
implicated in mortal murders, and quite possibly other fbi
cated crimes. And the Lion's Gate Chantry, possibly at the
direction of Meerlinda, is somehow involved ina schemeti)
undermine John's position in the barony. What to do abou
these conclusions, however, is another matter entirely,

This may also be a prime opportunity for the charactets
to seek out one or more of their sires for guidance. More that
likely, local sires actively search for their childer to see how
recent successes can be used to greater advantage or tocontttl
any damage that may have been done to the family reputaa
tion. Sires are especially interested in whether childer wet
destroyed in the castle's collapse, probably more to see if theif
investments and resources are still available than out dl
parental love.

Sires should be more interested in determining hol
the coterie's actions affect their own reputations than if
trying to aid the characters selflessly. Avoid elders telling
characters what to do or sires dictating characters' action
A sire struggling to establish ties to the Tremere maj


VALUABLEINFORMATION

¢ possible at this point for savvy charac
e their knowledge and understanding of the
uation for personal gain, especially if they

11 information from Eyolf. They possess
Leland and Mithras' involvement, perhaps
e'sdiary or even the traitor himself. What

has

1 command a high price not

successes, the coterie valuable

in but from any number of his rivals

rse, attempting to sell information to the

idder isa dangerous game. Power and dignitas
‘om land

ugh

s, among them many Ventrue, see the

ownership and feudal ties
ve accumulation of pure wealth.

something
by
1s. While the information the coterie holds

money as beneath them,

| by seneschals and serabbled after the

1, it could easily lower their reputation in
f peers:

Mithras,

John is in the position to do the most fe

ermore, with the exception of

the
rsin terms of personal favors, grants of land
ind placement within his court. Offend
idal system that supports John and the fief

relies on some measure of loyalty and trust

illae who buck this tradition are beaten back

and vassal. Over-ambitious neonates

lace by powerful elders. A world run by black

formation brokering, and the supreme

of currency is still a ways off

peest that his childe drag his heels in dealing with Leland
and Lion's Gate, or may ask that a duty be performed that
feres in responding to the Usurper threat. Sires should
pt to use childer's successes or intentions as part of

heir own overarching plans.

John

The characters may choose to follow Eyolf to St
aves Church and report what they have learned. If they
fave somehow managed to capture Leland, this could be

peovered documents. These circumstances could end the
taswell, though you may use the possibility of Meerlinda's

Most likely, Leland escaped from his haven and is hiding
at Lion's Gate Chantry. This development is repugnant to
John and any members of the court who lear of the traitor's
escape. The baron seeks to retrieve his erstwhile advisor. This
is an opportunity for the characters to gain considerable
dignitas and John's gratitude. The local, lingering state of
paranoia leaves the characters as the only ones willing or

available to undertake such a dangerous errand

If the characters are eager to head north, the baron may
release them from any obligations. They have fulfilled their
previous agreement with him, for example, rooting out the
ase of York's troubles. Such willingness might get the
characters out of other problems, too. Say, helping toalleviate
pressure from mortal authorities.

If the characters are reluctant to help any further, John
may posit that they have not yet fulfilled their responsibilities,
having left York in total disarray with nothing to show for it
but words on paper. The baron pressures the characters by dint
of their personal honor (or implied shame) to retrieve Leland
from Durham. John is the reigning Cainite of Ventrue blood,

after all.

The characters may appeal for increasingly greater boons
at this point, and John may agree within limits. The baron
doesn't commit to parceling out specific domains, but could
imply that the coterie will be high in his esteem and will
feature prominently among those who are granted domain.
John speaks in vagaries, refusing to be backed into. a corner. It
isstill well within his power to use other agents— Evelyn and
York.

While he may be inclined to put characters in contact with

Eloise perhaps — to secure the return of Leland to
certain agents within his various realms of influence, he does
not commit to specific rewards. Nor does he capitulate to
unreasonable demands. The characters can win favor her
but they can't expect the world.

If the characters agree to help further, the baron
presents them with a letter of introduction to his represen
tative in Durham, Eloise Marchand. Their instructions are
to seek her out and brief her before deciding on a course of
action. Eloise has a fair knowledge of the Lion's Gate
Chantry and good familiarity with Durham itself. Chara

ters do well to enlist her aid once in the city if they wish to

SENDING WORD AHEAD
In

characters, John or Katla may send word ahead to

addition to letters of introduction for the
Eloise by carrier pigeon. While such communica
tion is not entirely secure, brief coded messages are
sent from time to time when information needs to
be conveyed quickly. If you wish to use this option,
Eloise may have agents looking for the characters as
they arrive in Durham. A message may be inter-
cepted and deciphered (orchanged!), though, which

may spell trouble for the coterie upon its arrival

ag

+ ACT LSFEMPE

WOUWS HEARTS

=


have any advantage when dealing with Meerlinda or the
other Tremere of the city.

Katla

The characters may also turn to Katla, depending on
whatsort of relationship has been developed with heroverthe
course of the act. Those who agreed to work with her in Scene
5 may return and report events at Leland's haven. If the
characters previously agreed to bring Katla information but
never did, they may lose her trustand patronage, even rousing
her formidable anger.

Katla seeks to send the characters north to retrieve
Leland, but for her own purposes. The elder hopes to gain a
better understanding of Mithras' mind, wishing to question
the Tremere regarding his involvement with the Methuselah.
His guilt has already been ascertained in the matter, but the
methods of London's prince have yet to be examined. Katla
requests that the characters bring her this prize in exchange
for her further patronage and support. The dignitas gained
from returning the traitor — performing far beyond their
original agreement — would be inestimable.

Though Katla has no firm relationship to Eloise, she
knows that John's representative has the most up-to-date
information on Durham's political landscape. She writes a
letter of introduction on behalf of the baron, though she has
no definite information on how the characters may locate
John's agent. Characters have a difficult time finding Eloise

~ Wits + Investigation, difficulty 7 — and an even harder
time convincing her that they indeed act in the baron's best
interests. Eloise recognizes the name Katla Thranddottir,
although it invokes unspoken suspicions about the einherjar's
true motives.

No Strings

It's possible that the characters set out for Durham under
their own cognizance, pausing only to gather supplies and to
feed. While such initiative is commendable, it provides the
coterie with little support. Elders may view the characters' free
spirit as an affront to their authority, and may harbor suspi-
cions about the coterie's true motives, especially if there has
been any speculation of collusion with Leland. Failing to
return Leland ruins the characters' reputation; further at-
tempts to extract the traitor are tainted by the initial
blunderings of a cadre of neonates. Such lack of foresight
condemns the characters' sires, as well, as they obviously
didn't teach their childer patience or respect. Success garners
great respect and glory for the coterie, along with accolades for

their initiative and capacity to function without direct super-
vision.

Unless a character has direct ties to Durham, going there
without assistance is exceedingly challenging. Characters
with local ties in York know of Eloise Marchand''s station in
the northern city, but only those with in-depth knowledge of
John's court (a Politics specialty for York, perhaps) know
anything regarding her contacts or allies. Attempts to locate
Eloise are incredibly difficult, and the characters' welcome is

exceedingly suspect. Convincing Eloise to aid the cha

is demanding, made doubly so by their ignorance of ha
personal agenda. The characters probably have toprovell
loyalty to John somehow.

Scene so: Flood Waters

Characters who leave with John's blessing likely set
directly from St. Mary's Abbey, exiting the city d
Bootham Bar. Those departing without the baron'
knowledge are better served leaving through Monk Baralong
the northeastern wall, as that route poses less risk of discovene
by John's agents in the abbey.

The journey to Durham is rough!

n if the characters piss
their horses to physical collapse. Some provision mista

be accomplished in one night, ev

made to spend daytime hours ina safe and secure place Li
characters know of "traveler havens" that can be used

the road — inns, churches or caves. Otherwise, the cote
mustspend time in a village or even a covered carriage emi
be a good idea to bring ghouls along for protection duringth
day, though that may not be possible.

On the road north, the coterie should have some form
encounter engineered to eliminate the characters. Youreftes
to develop any form of plot by Leland, with any level of rd
planning (the characters could have been targets for week
before the outset of the chronicle, and the timing and settings
of those plans is simply revised).

The characters are most vulnerable during the day. The
daylight siege of an inn or church provides a level of anxiety
or fear, even if the characters awake at dusk to find theit
impromptu haven underattack. While this approach maynal
be suitable for all chronicles, it reminds the characters of the
ongoing danger posed to John's allies.

Some possible threats that draw from previous scene
include:

Lupine Attack

If the characters held the strange bone stake in thé
courtyard of Gerard's murder, or if they picked up some othen
trinkets Leland dropped during his flight from York Casta
they are marked for Lupine assault. Even if the mystical
objects are no longer in the characters' position, their scent
persists.

As the coterie progresses north, observant characters
notice that they're being watched from the depths of the
woods and followed at a distance (Perception 4+). The
Lupine observer stalks the shadows at a distance until the
coterie strays out of earshot of settlements beyond the city
walls. When the characters travel far enough from civilize
tion, their pursuer engages them in combat.

Abattle-starved coterie with competent warriorsmaycallfor
two Lupines, while a group of diplomats and court retainers may
call foran intelligent creature that may be susceptible to manip
lation. In either case, the bone stake should play a major role,


Leland stole

What he thought to be

Magical talismans from a Lupine on the Yorkshire
iioorsatgreat risk to his own safety. He struck a lone Lupine
@itha lightning bolt and removed the crude items from the
beast. But Leland was tracked back to the city. In time, the
Tremere gave one item to Connor, John's messenger to
Whitby, resulting in the Brujah's messy death. Leland's
Studies into the occult led him to believe that the items
ivere powerful magical relics of great importance to Lu
pines, and that anyone bearing an artifact in open country
Would raise the monsters' ire.

Inacombat-based encounter, the Lupine (or Lupines)
farget the character in possession of the bone stake or
falisman, or the character that spent the most time carrying
One of the items. The beast howls and snarls a challenge,
@emanding the return of "what was stolen." This demand
may be as vague or specific as you wish, though misunder
Sanding and confusion increase the tension of the scene
References to the "dead wizard" or "lightning corpse" may
feature prominently, as the Lupine tries to describe Leland
id the interaction that led to the stake's theft

Theattacking beast may be the werewolf from which the
Tremere stole, or one who knew the victim. No matter what,

the monster should

have a fair knowledge of how the bone stake
and talismans were stolen. It may indicate that a feathered bag
was retrieved already, tying the beast to Connor's destruction.

Characters who recognize that the creature is after the bone

stake may try to reason with the beast, though such attempts

at diplomacy are likely to fail. Even if the creature regains any
relics, it may finish what it started and attack the coterie
anyway, now wielding a weapon

Special Investigators

Another option is to have the group of "special investi-
gators" mentioned in Scene I catch up with the characters as
they leave the city. This small, dedicated group of demon
hunters has strong suspicions of an infernal element among
the characters. Having investigated the initial story and
subsequent disappearance of Father Albert, along with the
deaths of two other priests and their housekeeper, the inves-
tigators have followed the clues to the characters.

You can design a combat encounter or a situation that
can be resolved through diplomacy or subterfuge. In the first
case, much like the Lupine attack, the group of investigators
sets up an ambush outside the city gates or plans to launch a
direct assault on their adversaries. The investigators are


wh v Werewolf ma:

Player
take i

g this encounter. l

bone fetish and
durir
like re

the

ardir
ut the window
}

e rules

The characters have found

and they are beset by vicious r

the attitudes of specif

lifferent auspi ink
you want them to. Lupines ily Garou,

r Dark Ages:

additiona

although Werewolf: The Apocalypse

Werewolf may be used to provid lepth t

this encounter

convinced of the characters' guilt. They may wield True Faith
and have approximate knowledge of the common strengths
and weaknesses of vampires. If combat occurs, the investiga
tors are unlikely to rush headlong into it, preferring to use
their minds and experience to outmaneuver their opponents.

An aggressive confrontation leaves the characters open
to further repercussions down the line, as townspeople may
witness the altercation. The characters' credibility is called
into question at least, and they're publicly labeled demons at
worst. To discourage combat, you may want to have passersby
stop and watch the encounter. A crowd could gather to
witness the interrogation, which raises the stakes on open
violence.

For the second option, the investigators suspect the
coterie's involvement in recent events, though they lack the
proof or conviction to assault the group. The coterie is
approached or even surrounded by investigators, who want to
"get to the bottom" of the matter. While potentially volatile,
the situation can be defused through communication and
diplomacy

This second approach is ideally suited to Ventrue char-
acters; cunningand duplicity are theirelements. The Warlords
have long been masters of manipulating kine and swaying
mortal minds, though this particular development should
challenge even the most skilled negotiator. The investigators
are suspicious of the characters' nighttime activities, their
involvement in recent deaths, and seeming proximity to
unnatural events. It may be difficult to convince the investi-
gators that the coterie is not involved. Downplaying
involvement or describing it in an innocuous way may ease
the tensions ofa gathered crowd. The investigators, however,
are not so easily swayed.

Characters likely need to use mind-altering Disci-
plines in this situation, as mere explanations alone do not
assuage the investigators. The mortals have a high res
tance to Dominate and Presence, and may quickly turn on

> ° HE VENPRWE

a

the vampires if they sense anything amiss. Obvious used
blood in this situation may increase suspicions. The inves
tigators suspect trickery if, for example, the most staunch
accuseramong them suddenly and inexplicably pardonsthe
characters. Subtlety is vital. Overt displays of power likely
lead to a violent resolution

Angry Mob

The characters are confronted by a large group of towne

people gathered outside York's walls. The commoner ail
determined to end the recent reign of terror at any cost. The
mob is driven by fear and self-preservation, in search of fi
source of recent troubles, and is ready to eliminate it. The
characters' involvement with the priests' murders is endl
spark to light the fires ofa mob mentality

In the mob'seyes, the characters are capable of anything
They could be murderers, thieves, brigands, monsters, dé
mons or worse. The characters' true nature is of little
importance; the gang singles them out as scapegoat
explosive situation is imminent and the coterie has onlya
narrow opportunity to calm or distract the crowd. Masteil
adept
speakers may try to divert the mobs attention only lea

orators may attempt to disperse the assembly, whilele
enough for the coterie to escape. You have the option df
allowing the crowd to be pacified, though failure in such an
attempt means the mob attacks the characters or forces them
from the city. Cunning characters might even be able tosich
the mob on a local rival or thorn in the side. If sufficient
aspersions and "evidence" can be posed against anothet
vampire, the mob may go off in search of him or her

Scene ss: The Storm Breaks
Arriving in Durham, the characters' ultimate goal st

eland from Lion's Gate Chantry at the northend
of the city. This is not easily accomplished, and the coterie

retrieve L

likely knows little or nothing about the political situation
of Durham. As discussed previously, their most likely cone
tact is Eloise Marchand

Lady Eloise could quite possibly be younger than thé
characters, though only those who have some knowledgedh
her origins have any knowledge of that fact. She camnigs
herself with the air of a vampire several times her age, afi
possesses a keen mind and excellent political savvy, Her
service to John has earned the baron's trust and won herthe
weighty duty of serving as liaison between Durham and
York. Playing in the political games of Cainites centuries
her elder, Eloise has managed to establish herself a5@
significant figure on the local scene.

Also of note, Eloise interacted extensively with Leland
during her time as a retainer in John's court, and she secretly
resents the Tremere's close connection to her lord. Shg
embodies all the arrogance and elitism of the Ventrue, look
To her, they shoulll
stay to their roles as servants, leaving the station of trusted

ing down on Cainites of the Low Clans.

retainers to their betters. While she respects and understand

HRONICLE: ==

ac »


CALLING DURHAM HOME

It's possible that one or more characters is
Durham, or has contact or ally in the city
characters naturally have far more insight

the goings-on of the city, and likely have

way of contacting Eloise without intro-

ction from John or Katla. A Durham native

n assume a leadership role of the coterie, and

vave any amount of local influence that

Jeem appropriate

Tremere characters from Lion's Gate

ntry itself may also have a place in the

rie, providing a new set of complications

le from the very real questions of loyalty and
ii

ood oath the Tremere force on neonates

haracter has to decide how to serve her

est interests. Defending Leland may gain

t respect within the chantry itself, though
uring him to York may provide far stronger

acts and greater influence with the Ventrue
Tremere character is

hard-pressed to con

ce fellow Usurpers to turn out one of their

Yet,

acters have no trouble making contact with

for the good of the chantry Tremere

nts of Lion's Gate, and enjoy relatively ami
ble relations there (at least to start)

iheties between John and Leland, a chance to remove the
Tremere from the picture interests her greatly

Making her haven inside Durham Castle, Eloise proves
Mifficult to contact. Those with a letter of introduction from
Hin orKatla know to look for ag
David who serves as a castle guard. F
announces the coterie's presence to Eloise, who gladly enter
fins envoys from York

10ul servant of hers named
te arranges entrance and

Aletter from John puts the characters in Eloise's good
is they perform a direct service for her trusted lord.
BF cing their mission as integral to the baron's stabil
ity she avails the coterie of any knowledge she has of Lion's
Gite and Meerlinda. She offers what assistance she can in
spuiting the characters in contact with the Tremere, though
Shedoes not jeopardize her relationship with the Usurpers by
peaking directly on the coterie's behalf. Information and
lirect assistance are forthcomi
Pert is entirely out of the question.

g, but intervention on her

Alletter from Katla is met with far more scrutiny; Eloise
does not trust the baron's
Mmotives. Only recently Embraced when the einherjar re-
emerged in York, Eloise has always been wary of Katla's subtle
Smaneuvers and growing influence. A letter from Katla speaks
entirely in terms of the coterie's intention of aiding John, but

blood cousin or understand her

needs to be convinced of the veracity of tl

utlandish claims. Gerard and

characters'
Jonnor dead, York

destroyed, and John's trusted advisor Leland a traitor and on
the run? While she may wish nothing more but to aid the
characters in eliminating Leland, she cannot take such stories
at face value without endangering her own position.

Eloise wants to send her own envoy to John to confirm
Leland's fall

allows her to be convinced to aid the coterie without such

the characters' claims. And yet, her desire to se
affirmation. The characters can try to tempt Eloise if they
sense herenmity of Leland, butshe isa consummate politician
who is not easily swayed by empty rhetoric or open intimida-
tion. Playing to her sense of pride and ambition yields the best

results, as Leland has longhad John'sear. Though very young,
Eloise has tremendous ambition, and Leland has often proved
anobstacle in winning John'ssupport. Ifthe coterie convinces
her that Leland's removal would improve her standing, she
agrees to do what she can to further their cause
Characters arriving entirely unannounced have a
challenging time

Eloise

position in

accessing the castle;or contacting
York know

anything

While vampires local to of her

Durham, few know beyond her

HOW CAN ELOIS

Havir

EHELP?

been John's representative in Durham
for over a decade, Eloise has acquired a fair bit of
information on Meerlinda and the Tremere of Lion's
Gate. While she has not been inside the tower itself
(she's always met Meerlinda or other functionaries
athedral of

Ventrue has managed to gain a

in the Elysium of the nearly finished C:
St. Cuthbert), the
decent understandir Tremere

of the presence in

the city through agents and city guard

The Usurpers originally settled in Glastonbury
before being driven north to less hostile territory,
fleeing the enmity of Mithras in London. Meerlinda
has'no love for the Methuselah and uses her tenta
tive'alliance with York as protection against his
depredations, relying on Leland as her representa
tive in John's court. The relationship between John
and Leland has yielded quite favorable
Meerlinda

ence over the baron will ultimately result in disaster

results for
, and Eloise fears that the Tremere influ
Eloise suspects that Meerlinda seeks to use John as
Mithras. In

respect for the

a pawn in a struggle against
Meerlinda harbors little
Ventru

turn
young
being polite to Eloise purely on pretense

Eloise advises against a direct approach on Lion's
Gate, citing the tower's formidable defenses, and that the
characters would likely insult Meerlinda with their au
dacity. A meeting can be arranged between the coterie
and a Tremere agent, giving the characters an opportu-
nity to state their case. Such a meeting would take place
inthe cathedral, and would give Eloise time toconfirm or

refute the dismal news from York with her own agents.


; YES... IF SAFETRISH!
bone stake is a fetish and can call
during this encounter. Use whate\
like regarding werew
and they are beset k
although Werewolf: The Apocalypse or Dark Ages:
Werewolf may be used to provide additional dept

this encounter

convinced of the characters' guilt. They may wield True Faith
and have approximate knowledge of the common strengths
and weaknesses of vampires. If combat occurs, the investiga-
tors are unlikely to rush headlong into it, preferring to use
their minds and experience to outmaneuver their opponents

An aggressive confrontation leaves the characters open

to further repercussions down the line, as townspeople may

witness the altercation. The characters' credibility is calle

into question at least, and they're publicly labeled demons at
worst. To discourage combat, you may want to have passersby
stop and watch the encounter. A crowd could gather to
witness the interrogation, which raises the stakes on open
violence

For the second option, the investigators suspect the
coterie's involvement in recent events, though they lack the
proof or conviction to assault the group. The coterie is

approached or even surrounded by investigators, who want to
"get to the bottom" of the matter. While potentially volatile,
the situation can be defused through communication and
diplomacy

This second approach is ideally suited to Ventrue char-
acters; cunningand duplicity are their elements. The Warlords
have long been masters of manipulating kine and swaying
mortal minds, though this particular development should
challenge even the most skilled negotiator. The investigators
are suspicious of the characters' nighttime activities, their
involvement in recent deaths, and seeming proximity to
unnatural events. It may be difficult to convince the investi-
gators that the coterie is not involved. Downplaying
involvement or describing it in an innocuous way may ease
the tensions of a gathered crowd. The investigators, however,
are not so easily swayed.

Characters likely need to use mind-altering Disci-
plines in this situation, as mere explanations alone do not
assuage the investigators. The mortals have a high resis-
tance to Dominate and Presence, and may quickly turn on

the vampires if they sense anything amiss. Obvious use
blood in this situation may increase suspicions. The inves

tigators suspect trickery if, for example, the most stauntlt

accuseramong them suddenly and inexplicably pardonsthe

characters. Subtlety is vital. Overt displays of power likely

lead to a violent resolution

Angry Mob

The characters are confronted by a large group of towne
people gathered outside York's walls. The commonemiil
determined to end the recent reign of terror at any cost. The
mob is driven by fear and self-preservation, in search of the
source of recent troubles, and is ready to eliminate it. The
characters' involvement with the priests' murders is enol
spark to light the fires of a mob mentality

Inthe mob's eyes, the characters are capable of anything
They could be murderers, thieves, brigands, monsters, de
mons or worse. The characters' true nature is of little
importance; the gang singles them out as scapegoats. Aft
explosive situation is imminent and the coterie has only
narrow opportunity to calm or distract the crowd. Mastetil
orators may attempt to disperse the assembly, while lessadepl
speakers may try to divert the mob's attention only lon
enough for the coterie to escape. You have the option
allowing the crowd to be pacified, though failure in sucha
attempt means the mob attacks the characters or forces thei
from the city. Cunning characters might even be able tositk
the mob on a local rival or thorn in the side. If sufficient
aspersions and "evidence" can be posed against anothtt
, the mob may go off in search of him or her.

Scene ss: The Storm Breaks

Arriving in Durham, the characters' ultimate goalist

vampir

retrieve Leland from Lion's Gate Chantry at the northend
of the city. This is not easily accomplished, and the corené
likely knows little or nothing about the political situation
of Durham. Ass discussed previously, their most likely cone
tact is Eloise Marchand

Lady Eloise could quite possibly be younger than tit

characters, though only those who have some knowledgegh
her origins have any knowledge of that fact. She caries
herself with the air of a vampire several times her age, anil
possesses a keen mind and excellent political sayvy. Hel
service to John has earned the baron's trust and won herthe
weighty duty of serving as liaison between Durham and
York. Playing in the political games of Cainites centuries
her elder, Eloise has managed to establish herself am
significant figure on the local scene

Also of note, Eloise interacted extensively with Leland
during her time asa retainer in John's court, and she secret
resents the Tremere's close connection to her lord, She
embodies all the arrogance and elitism of the Ventrue, look
ing down on Cainites of the Low Clans. To her, they shoul
stay to their roles as servants, leaving the station of trusted

retainers to their betters. While she respects and understands

PHBA e Reserv orcse

CALLING DURHAM HOME

It's possible that one or more characters is
1 Durham, or hasa contact or ally in the city
Such characters naturally have far more insight
to the goings-on of the city, and likely have
ne way of contacting Eloise without intro-
Juction from John or Katla. A Durham native
y assume a leadership role of the coterie, and
ay have any amount of local influence that
u deem appropriate
from Lion's Gate

Tremere characters

hantry itself may also have a place in the
erie, providing a new set of complications

Je from the very réal questions of loyalty and

the blood oath the Tremere force on neonates,
ich a character has to decide how to serve her
best interests. Defending Leland may gain
respect within the chantry itself, though
turning him to York may provide far stronger
tacts and greater influence with the Ventrue

\ Tremere character is hard-pressed to con
nee fellow Usurpers to turn out one of their
n for the good of the chantry. Yet, Tremere
aracters have no trouble making contact with
agents of Lion's Gate, and enjoy relatively ami

ible relations there (at least to start)

the ties between John and Leland, a chance to remov
STremere from the picture interests her greatly

Making her haven inside Durham Castle, Eloise proves
Mifficult to contact. Those with a letter of introduction from
John or Katla know to look fora ghoul servant of hers named
David who serves as a castle guard. He arranges entrance and
announces the coterie's presence to Eloise, who gladly enter-
Tains envoys from York,

MA letter from John puts the characters in Eloise's good
fpiees, as they perform a direct service for her trusted lord.
Understanding their mission as integral to the baron's stabil.
ity, she avails the coterie of any knowledge she has of Lion's
Gate and Meerlinda. She offers what assistance she can in
futting the characters in contact with the Tremere, though
ihe does not jeopardize her relationship with the Usurpers by
Speaking directly on the coterie's behalf. Information and
indirect assistance are forthcoming, but intervention on her
partis entirely out of the question.

A letter from Katla is met with far more scrutiny; Eloise
Woes not trust the baron's blood cousin or understand her
Motives. Only recently Em
emerged in York, E
ffaneuvers and growing influence. A letter from Katla speaks

raced when the einherjar re-
ise has always been wary of Katla's subtle
entirely in terms of the coterie's intention of aiding John, but
Eloise needs to be convinced of the veracity of the characters'
Gutlandish claims. Gerard and Connor dead, York Castle

Jon
the run? While she may wish nothing more but to aid the

destroyed, and John's trusted advisor Leland a traitor a

characters in eliminating Leland, she cannot take such stories
at face value without endangering her own position.

Eloise wants to send her own envoy to John to confirm
eland's fall

convinced to aid the coterie without such

the characters' claims. And yet, her desire to see
allows her to
affirmation. The characters can try to tempt Eloise if they
sense her enmity of Leland, butshe isa consummate politician
who is not easily swayed by empty rhetoric or open intimida-
tion. Playing to hersense of pride and ambition yields the best
results, as Leland has long had John's ear. Though very young,
Eloise has tremendous ambition, and Leland has often proved
an obstacle in winning John'ssupport. Ifthe coterie convinces
her that Leland's removal would improve her standing, she
agrees to do what she can to further their cause.
Characters arriving entirely unannounced have a
challenging time
While va

position in Durham, few know anything beyond her

accessing the castle or contacting

Eloise mpires local to York know of her

HOW CAN ELOISE HELP?

Having been John's representative in Durham
for over a decade, Eloise has acquired a fair bit of
information on Meerlinda and the Tremere of Lion's
Gate. While she has not been inside the tower itself
(she's always met Meerlinda or other functionaries
in the Elysium of the nearly finished Cathedral of
St. Cuthbert), the Ventrue has managed to gain a
decent understanding of the Tremere presence in

the city throu agents and city guards.

The Usurpers originally settled in Glastonbury

before being driven north to less hostile territory,
fleeing the enmity of Mithras in London. Meerlinda
has no love for the Methuselah and uses her tenta
York

depredations, relying on Leland

tive alliance with s protection against his
as her representa
tive in John's court. The relationship between John
and Leland has yielded quite favorable results for
Meerlinda, and Eloise fears that the Tremere influ
ence over the baron will ultimately result in disaster
Eloise suspects that Meerlinda seeks to use John as
Mithras

the

1 pawn in a struggle against In turn

Meerlinda harbors little respect for the young

Ventrue, being polite to Eloise purely on pretense

Eloise advises against a direct approach on Lion's
Gate, citing the tower's formidable defenses, and that the
characters would likely insult Meerlinda with their au
dacity. A meeting can be arranged between the coterie
and a Tremere agent, giving the characters an opportu-
hity to state their case. Such a meeting would take place
in the cathedral, and would give Eloise time to confirm or

refute the dismal news from York with her own agents.


relationship with John and her rapid rise through the
Cainite hierarchy. An attempt could be made to find a
local vampire with more detailed information (Intelli-
gence + Investigation, difficulty 7) and develop a
relationship that might aid the coterie. Such efforts can
put the characters in contact with the ghoul David.
Word of the characters' endeavors undoubtedly makes
its way to Eloise, and she contacts the coterie through
an intermediary to ascertain their intentions.

aracters'
motives, even more than if the characters had been sent by

Eloise is incredibly skeptical of unannounced

Katla. Without introduction, the characters are entirely for-
eign to Durham, with no verifiable evidence that they have
any connection to John or his court. Forall Eloise knows, they
could be agents trying to undermine Eloise's relationship with
Meerlinda and the baron. Eloise requires proof of the coterie's
stories before acting on their behalf— either froma third party
or through direct correspondence from John.

Third-party confirmation can come in several forms,
though information regarding Cainite affairs is sketchy at
best. Since the characters were restricted to nighttime
travel, merchants or othermortal travelersarrived in Durham
earlier, bearing news of the terrible storm and the destruc-
tion of York Castle. Gossip about mysterious events
surrounding the Minster has also spread north, along with
word of special investigators being called to the city, but
these reports are warped considerably through exagger:
tion. Alternatively, Eloise may use a carrier pigeon with a
brief message or question for the baron.

Of course, characters do not need to seek Eloise and

may not even know of her. The coterie may attempt to

make contact with an agent of the Tremere (Intelligence +
Investigation, difficulty 9) or somehow pass a message to a
representative of the clan by mortal messenger. In either
case, the characters enter the situation blind, without any
information or aid from Eloise Marchand.

Ir'salso possible that characters conduct a direct infiltra-
tion of or assault on Lion's Gate. These options are ill advised;
they're suicidal. Both the chantry's defenses and defenders are
formidable. While the tower itself is unassuming, the garden
approaches are heavily warded with magic designed to deter
intruders and alert the Tremere. The mortal magi and Cainite
Warlocks who defend the tower are enough to destroy any
force short of an invading Cainite army. Make these risks very
clear to the players, stressing the number of low-generation
vampires undoubtedly calling the tower home. Furthermore,
any such lack of guileand cunningholds little dignitas or reward

forthe Ventrue, and may easily lead to the coterie being looked

down on as "brutes" or "savages" by all local vampires.

Similarly, invading Eloise's haven or threatening her
destroys any trust the characters could hope to engender in
John's agent. If they succeed in forcing their way into the
castle, they come under attack by mortal guards and Eloise‘s
ghouls. The characters are branded criminals in Durham.

Scene sz: Clearing the Mists

If the coterie secures Eloise's aid, she provides safe haven
for the characters while setting up a meeting at the Cathedall
of St. Cuthbert. You may choose to have this meetifif
immediately or wait several nights. The former moves the
story along without further delay, allowing the charactersti
continue with the scene. The latter provides Leland with
opportunities to eliminate the characters' threat, or 10 {i
further. Leland has considerable influence among the éitf
guard and merchants, having spent some time serving asa
courier between Durham and York. He has access to must
and money. Given time, he could hire assassins or merealal
ies to eliminate the coterie, either all at once or one by ones
These ties also avail Leland of many possible exit routes fromm
the city, using the transportation of merchant caravans anid
the protection of city patrols.

If you choose to delay the meeting with Meerlindd
several nights, you may want to use any of these optionsa
obstacles for the coterie. Conversations with Eloise or othep
vampires in the city suggest Leland's realms of influenel
which can reveal his plans before the characters are readyt
close their net.

The cathedral itself is an impressive structure, with the
central tower still under construction. Serving as the citys
Elysium, it is frequently used as a meeting place by Eloiseand
Meerlinda, the two women kneeling as ifto pray inoneoftia
cathedral's small chapels. Characters are escorted by Eloise
herself to the cathedral, where they are to meet with®
representative of Lion's Gate and speak their minds. NO
violence is permitted in the Elysium, and the utmost deconitt
must be maintained among mortals at all times.

Eloise directs the coterie to a small chapel alcove where
they are told to kneel while waiting for the Tremere to amtiv
Not long afterward, Meerlinda herself enters with an entol
rage (Leland isnot present). The Tremere pass by the kneclitig
characters as though ignoring them and move toa chapelom
the opposite side of the building.

Eloise asks a single spokesperson from the coterielll
accompany her toa meeting with Meerlinda, explainingtiil
it is improper for the entire group to petition the elder
vampire. The characters must choose who speaks for tell
Meerlinda and a single retainer also stand and walk towanlal
chapel at the rear of the cathedral.

Introductions are made, and Meerlinda's retainer i
revealed as Reginald of Durham, he whom Leland spoked
he disappeared from York. Eloise introduces the chose
character to Meerlinda as a messenger from York seeking
audience, and then withdraws from conversation. Its uptt
the character to convince the elder to give up one of herowm

Convincing Arguments

Meerlinda scoffs at the idea of handing Leland ove
especially without solid evidence of his wrongdoindl
Reginald seeks to protect his friend and undermine any


ltorts by the Ventrue to "impose their will" on Meerlinda,
Oto "force her to bend knee." Fortunately for the charac-
fers, the Tremere of Durham know nothing of Leland's
plotsand are not co-conspirators. But if Leland proves to be
dangerous liability to the chantry, they have no choice but
tO give him up. What follows are possible strategies the
characters could use (or combine) to get a positive out-
come.

* If the characters secured Leland's diary outlining his
illiance to Mithras, they may play on the disloyalty of
Meerlinda s representative to York, and on her antipathy
forthe Prince of London.

© If the characters have the letters detailing covert
involvement between Mithras and Leland, these can be
ised to support the evidence in the diary or used alone to
throw Leland's allegiance to Lion's Gate into doubt

* Leland's crimes have undermined John, and at-
tempts to protect the criminal or delay his punishment
Would be seen as direct Tremere involvement in the
conspiracy

* Leland's actions have damaged the relationship
Between Durham and York, and an act of good faith might
store balance. Otherwise, Meerlinda could lose John's
Support and be vulnerable to her enemies, namely Mithras.

* Leland's traitorous nature has brought mistrust upon
all Tremere of Durham. Only by turning over the criminal
might their besmirched reputation be restored

Unconvincing Arguments

While the use of evidence and logic may sway Meerlinda
fogive Leland up, the elder bristles at Ventrue who presume
order heraround. Appealing to "Ventrue authority" does
ihot further the characters' cause, nor does stereotypical
Wentrue arrogance. Eloise may warn the characters against
Tacks such as the following

* Characters should not imply that Baron John has
futhority over Meerlinda, and that she should obey because
sheis.a vassal in the Barony of York

* Any recourse to intimidation or threats angers both
Tremere and weakens the characters' case.

# Use of Disciplines such as Presence or Dominate is
evaded as an underhanded Ventrue attempt to achieve
iheirwill by force rather than discussion, insulting Meerlinda
nd angering Reginald.

# Any disrespect or belittling of Meerlinda's position in
Dirham, especially any aspersions cast on the validity of her
ean may end the meeting immediately. She has no time for
iMsolence or contempt

Convincing Meerlinda grants the coterie custody of
Peland; he's handed over directly to the characters by mem-
Pes of the Tremere. Failure leaves Leland safe within the
hantry, virtually untouchable. Particularly extreme failure

Mightmake Meerlindaan enemy of the characters, or possibly

Wettoy the positive relationship enjoyed between York and


NOELOISE
Characters who do not contact Eloise or gain
her aid find their time in Durham difficult. They
need to secure a haven in which to spend the
daytime hours, and need to establish some Cainite
contacts in the city. Through some maneuvering,

they cathedral

can arrange a meeting at the
Elysium, but they have no way of knowing the
proper protocols to follow. Nor do they have any
insight into Meerlinda's history, or to potentially
Also, Meerlinda

sending an inter

successful arguments to make
does not attend this meeting
mediary like Reginald or another agent, instead

While this course is not impossible, unas
sisted characters find it very difficult to gain
access to Leland and return him to York. Meet
ings between the coterie and Tremere agents take
several nights as information is passed back and
forth, and Meerlinda contacts Eloise to ascertain
the true motives of the coterie. Feel free to make

this approach as challenging as you like, although

there should be at least some chance for success

Durham. In any case, the characters are expected to return to
York and report to John.

Leland probably attempts to escape along the trip
back. Remember that the vampires must stop at least once
during the day to restand avoid the sun. Leland isa powerful
Thaumaturgist with a sense of the surrounding countryside,
not to mention possible contacts along the way who may be
loyal to him. He could use his blood magic to effect his
release or the death of his captors, or he may call upon
outside agents. If the coterie attempts to transport him
along major thoroughfares, Leland may have pre-arranged
an ambush in hopes of escaping into the countryside to a
hidden haven. Perhaps the characters' wisest course is to
stake the Tremere through the heart to force him into
torpor for the journey, and/or to take less traveled roads
back to York to reduce the possibility of ambush
as wily and

able as you wish, making for a troublesome and
frustrating journey back to York

Of course, you are free to make Leland
unpredic

Scenes: Dawn A

proaches

York is in various states of disrepair upon the characters'

return. If Eloise sent word ahead by carrier pigeon, John's
seneschal Evelyn de Rocherre meets the characters on the
road north of the city. A contingent of ghouls takes custody
of the criminal and escorts him back to the baron's secondary
haven at St. Olave's Church. Even if no word was sent, you

may use this option to expedite the conclusion of the act.

Alternatively, Leland can escape from custody into Yorkanth
prompt another chase

If Evelyn does not meet the characters, they can heal
for St. Olave's Church on their own. Approaching towny
the characters draw the attention of the baron's agent
possibly including Eyolf, who meets the vampires to bring
them before John.

Depending on the characters' actions over the counsedl
the act, their reception may be cause for acclaim or shamey
The possibilities in this scene are almost infinite and aes
entirely up to you, but some general possibilities apply.

Success

If L
judgment and punishment, or even if the coterie
rinting to the
s guilt, the characters are probably ing

and has been brought back to John fof
brings back considerable evidence f
Tremer
better position than when the act began
Coteries sent by John to Durham, and that re
turn with their quarry, perhaps gain the most dignitas
and tangible reward for their actions. The baron is

greatly impressed by the loyalty and capability digs

RANSOM
The characters may choose not

York with Leland

in some other place to ransom the Tremere k

to retur
directly to They may hole uj
to John. While this may be a clever and ambitiou
decision in their minds, it probably leads t
trouble

John is outraged at the characters' presumy
Katla

Any deals made with John

tuousness, as is ind all other notable
Cainites of York
Katla earlier

affront proves the characters have no honor

in the act become void, as thi

hobility. The loss of dignitas is great, and the

coterie may be outcast. Ina worst-case scenari
John sends Eyolf and his soldiers to return tl
characters to York by force, declaring them trai
tors to his court and conspirators with his enemies

The characters' sires undoubtedly get it
volved in this situation, angered by the actions
their childer. A prime opportunity for respec
and status in John's court is turned sour through
greed and lack of forethought. While ambition is

valued among the Ventrue, the atmosphere «
paranoia and fear that grips York means the char
acters are quickly demonized

And yet

John's agents, the baron may be willing to pay a

, if the characters can't be found t

price for Leland. How much is up to you, but th
characters are fools to ever show their faces nea
York again


Coteries sent to Durham by Katla and that re-
With their quarry also gain dignitas, but rewards

m, which trickles down to the characters and
heir sires,
Coteries that went to Durham of their own voli-
and return with their quarry may be rebuked for
temerity, but gain considerable dignitas for their
fitiative and strength of purpose, as well as loyalty
May lose some dignitas for not trainir
der to follow proper protocol.

their

Coteries that capture Leland before he can even
ape to Durham are renowned for their skill, loy-

Coteries that do not capture Leland at all, but

age to bring his diary to John are rewarded

ters do not enjoy the benefits that come
thtaking the Tremere himself into custody, though
ibome dignitas and reward is offered
Failure
The characters may fail to capture Leland or
ie enough information to adequately incrimi-
fate him, and do not enjoy a warm welcome at St
Beyond having a lack of faith in thei
ies, John harbors suspicions of their loyalty. Without
Heland, the focus of the court turns to the characters'
Biccessful tactics and questionable acts since the
meeting with Evelyn in the library. John may wonder
bout the characters' connection to Katla, and how
ut may have allowed the traitor to escape. Or he
may focus on how much scrutiny the Cainite popula-
fon is under after the coterie's involvement in the
deaths of the two priests
John's irritation does not stop with the charac-
fers, but extends to their sires and even their potential
@hilder, Failure begets failure, and the shame leveled
@tthe coterie during their meeting with John is
echoed by
may be set back decades or crushed utterly. Feel free
fo bring failure to a personal level for each of the
stharacters, such as the elimination of key contacts in
their respective areas of influence
ferest from John or Katla in taking over their networks

Ofallies.

ires. Ambitions for domains or alliances

or increased in-

Mamifications

The potential long-term effects of this act are
manifold, and should suit the characters' personal
Motivations and goals. Possible motivators are dis-

cussed under "Schemes and Plans" and "Interests,"
above. Immediate results and rewards can be mea-
sured in dignitas gained for bloodlines, and positions
or domains parceled out by John. More far-reaching
effects should be taken into account before the open-
ing of Act 2.

Baron John's Favor

John survives into the Victorian Age as the
powerful and influential Prince of York, and his
favor can mean significant advantages for characters
who earn it. Those who attain positions in John's
court (possibly replacing Gerard or Leland) may
become quite influential in Cainite affairs in the
coming centuries, and can develop allies and con-
tacts throughout Britain and the rest of Europe
Other characters may seek domains of their own
rather than positions within John's court, and you
may assign regions in small towns such as Leeds that
grow to prominence over time. You may also place a
character's sire as Prince of Manchester, assuming
the Barony of York wrests the city from the Barony of
Chester. Such a move could give vast influence to a
bloodline, amassed over time into the Victorian
Age

If the characters fail John in some way or lose his
favor, their situation becomes difficult in York, which
may force them or their sires to seek greener pastures.
If they stay, the baron likely passes them over for
positions and domains (though he may instate a
character in a border domain that's in danger of
being overrun by enemies). In either case, opportu-
nities for advancement are minimal. Bloodlines in
this situation may try to regain status in the colonies
of Victorian England

Katla's Favor

Katla's thanks do not carry as much weight as
John's do in the coming centuries. While she re-
mains a prominent figure in York for some time, she
never manages to oust John from his seat. Characters
who gain her patronage enjoy some residual effects
from John (as mentioned above), although they may
lose his favor if they openly work to undermine him
at Katla's behest.

Characters who displease Katla in this act mz
have a difficult time, even if under John's protec-
tion. The einherjar is a fierce rival who seeks to
balance the scales. Bloodlines that manage to offend
her may pay a dear price in the time before Act 2, or
later in Act 3

Mithras' Favor

Regardless of characters' success or failure in
this act, it's likely that they make an enemy of
Mithras. The Methuselah keeps a close eye on the
Ventrue bloodlines involved in compromising his


Tremere plant, and he may make trouble for charac-
ters between Acts | and 2. He may find other agents
like Leland to help keep the bloodlines' growth in
check, or to directly undercut any efforts to gain
wider influence in England. If you wish to eliminate
characters between acts, you may want to use Mithras'
ire to do so; the Prince of London has untold influ-
ence and numerous agents who gladly remove his
rivals. By the Victorian Age, however, Mithras spends
much of his time in torpor or away from London,
which may diminish any ill effects caused by incur-
ring his anger.

Major Characters

The following are the prominent participants of
this act. You may revise their profiles as best suits the
players' characters and your vision of the ongoing
Ventrue chronicle. Bear in mind that some support-
ing characters appear later and should reflect the
changes that you make here.

John, Baron of York

Background: Embraced just after the Norman
Conquest, Baron John's rapid rise through the Cainite
hierarchy has been remarkable. Persistent rumors
suggest that John betrayed his sire, who, was -the
former Baron of York, collaborating with-a trumvis
rate of Norman vampires to remove threats.t6. theit
power. With the return of Mithras to London and the
destruction of his erstwhile patroris, John wivel¥
chose to accepy/thé Methuselah's reign-forehe tittie

being. He resents Mithras' constant. suspicion.and

watchfulness but_has played along} all the ‘while
plotting to rid‘himselfof the overlord His schemes
have brought him intdclose contact withthe Tremere
in Durham, though he fears this inyolyément may
prove more trouble than it's woith. He-has-also
sought thoseyin other baronies whoresent the prince
and who ¢an be Counted as'allies.

John face§ résistance in his own citys Less'than
two centuries old, (he hasififtle respect among "old
Cainites, ‘particularly those of Danish|heritage. He
has narrowly escaped several attacks. John-believes
his fellow Ventre) Aimery de Methuin=to he 'the
source of mahy+6f his woesy but»knows\ that .the
Danish VentruéKatla Thranddottir is his greatest
foe, understanding that-she feels York should be her
domain by-tight of inheritances

Image' Joh) takes great caré withehis_appeat-
ance, alwaysvdressing immaculatély"in {thé latest
fashions. A smalhpre-Embrace sear afars"his orher=
wise flawless visage Acwarriortn life, he displays the
airs of the perfect Norman Jord, a-role-he most often

assumes when interacting with mortals. He is tall
and well built, but not over-muscled.

Roleplaying Hints: You were born to rule and
know it. You display supreme confidence, though
inwardly you worry about the age and experience of
the forces arrayed against you. You are suspicious of
outsiders but rarely show it, placing small obstacles
in) their way to test their loyalty and honesty, and
acting ruthlessly against those who threaten you.

Influence: Although one of the youngest barons
in-Englandy John commands the second largest doe
Main in\the-country and wields greater power and
influence than any other Cainiteéexcept Mithras and
Melusine,d'Anjou, the SQueen" of Winchester. He
regards Meerlinda as a peer, which may ultimately be
his-undoing:

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Julius Cerialis

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Caretaker

Generation: 6th

Embrace:1070 (Born 1048)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical; Strength (Reserves of Strength) 6,
Dexterity (Lithe) 4, Stamina (Deterfnined) 6

Socialy Charisma, (Genteel)_4, Manipulation
(Persuasive) 4"Appearante (Commanding) 5

Perception 3, Intelligetiee (Analytical)

5, Wits (Strategy) 5

Talents; Alertness (Court) 4, Athletics (Thrown
Objects) 4, Brawl Throws) 5,-Dodge (Sidestep) 6,
Intimidation (Politics) 6,Leadetship (Noble) 7

Skills: Animal Ken 3,"Atchery (Horseback) 5,
Commerce2,-Etiquette (Courtly Manners) 4, Melee


(Swords) 6, Ride (Combat) 5, Stealth 3, Survival
(Hunting) 5
Knowledge: Academics (Rhetoric) 2, Law (Feu-
Mal Obligations) 5, Linguistics 3, Occult 3, Politics
(City) 6, Seneschal (Urban Holdings) 6, Theology 3
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 4, Dominate 4,
Potence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Domain 5, Herd
WInfluence 5, Resources 4, Retainers 4, Status 5
Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 5
Road: Kings (see Dark Ages: Vampire)
Willpower: 5

* John feeds on only the nobility

Ratla Thranddottir

Background: Born in Jotvik to a prominent Vi-
Hing jarl, Katla quickly drew the attention of the
prince's seneschal, Thrand. The einherjar saw in her
@cunning intellect and a warrior's heart, as well as
fies to one of the most important mortals in the city,
Katla's father. Her Embrace was sudden and unwel
ome, and she made vain attempts to resist. After a
fime she grew accustomed to her newfound abilities
Biivowed she would never be overpowered again
Katla's Embrace gave Thrand increased influence
among the kine, and her keen mind provided him
With a valuable political advisor. Shortly aftersher
Maining was complete, Thrand moved" against; his
fire Julian Cerialisand wrested conttol ofthe city
from the elder. Katla became seneschalfand an am-
bition to one day become prince of Jorvikegtewin her
heart.

Julian did not give up $6 easily, howeyer; and used his
lagents in the city wscreate civil disorder among mortals and
Gainites. In 965, Jorvile fell to/the Saxons and Thrand-and
Katla were forced out by-dn alliance of Brjah and Toreador
itsurgents. Th subsequienr decades! saw fierce conflict be-
ihieenfaction$ vying for the city, and Katla féll to torpor in 980.

More than two' centuries, later, She was shaken
ftom her slumber by the mass suicidé of the-Jewish
population ih the‘city, and/awoke in a Shallow grave
Some distance ‘to rhe' south!-Following the®air of
Blood to the carnage, she made her (wayeto York
Wistle to find an angry mob-chanting in a language
shedid not understand. Her tatteted Viking-era cloth-
ingand axe caughr thé/eye of Eyolf Ivarssonwho was
attempting (to placate the crowdHé. approached
Wvarily, recognizing Katla from days when Danestuled
Jorvik.

Katla learned "‘that_much had"changed_in' her
absence, and that Joli was Now, prince of the-city.
The Beast raged within Katla, and she pushed through

the crowd toward the castle. The building was ablaze.
She reached the door just as John and his servant
Leland descended the staircase. Katla issued a chal-
lenge to John and intended to destroy the usurping
prince, but Eyolf arrived just in time to ease the
situation

Learning that John was blood brother to her sire,
and. that Mithras had effectively taken control of
England, Katla agreed to cooperate to topple the
Methuselah and win York's independence. Her anger
rémpered, she resolved to accept John's rule until she
cOuld tegain ‘the'city by less direct means.

Image? Katla/is tall and muscular, with long
black haictied into a thick braid that)trails down her
back, Her fice-ig cold and/stera, with-piercing blue
eyes. She' weats.clothes \thatpdomnof restrict her
movement, Herfashion sense tends toward the mas-
culine,as-she rejects the weaknesses that society
associates with femininity

Roleplaying Hints: You revel iti the power gained
through yourEnibrace and the prestige of your
Ventrue birthright. You command respéctat all times
anddo notsuffer fools lightly, often'challénging your
rivals directly:in ANopes-of intimidating them into
making mistakes! Those who spend time around you
may sense that/you are on the edgeanddikely to let
your Beast logse atjany moment. You-qtietly resent
John's station in York and curse Yourself for the
weakness that'allowed you to'ehtter torpor.

Influence: Although she has onlyfecently risen
from torpor, Karla*has managedito gain/ameasure of
influence over key figures in thé Church, especially
those COncerhedswith.the constriction of the new
Minster. Her Close connection to Byolf Ivarsson gives
her som@ contact with-York's military and city guards,

ST FEMPESTPUOUS HE:


which she has developed as both a herd and second-
ary means to power.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Thrand

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 7th
920 (Born 898)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physi Strength (Iron Grip) 5, Dexterity (Fe-
line Grace) 4, Stamina (Tireless) 7

Social: Charisma (Forceful) 4, Manipulation 3,
Appearance (Fierce) 4

Embrace.

Mental: Perception (Experienced) 4, Intelligence
(Analytical) 4, Wits (Ambushes) 5

Talents: Alertness (Ambushes) 4, Athletics
(Running) 4, Brawl (Grappling) 5, Dodge (Leap) 4,
Intimidation (Overt Threats) 7, Leadership (Com-
mands) 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Archery 3, Etiquette 3,
Melee (Axes) 7, Ride (Combat) 5, Stealth 3, Sur-
vival (Tracking) 6

Knowledge: Academics (Rhetoric) 2, Hearth
Wisdom (Norse and Saxon) 4, Linguistics 3, Occult
3, Politics (Religious) 6, Seneschal (Urban Held=
ings) 4

Disciplines: Dominate 3
4, Protean 3

Backgrounds:,Allies¢l, Gontacts.2, Dothain 2,
Herd 2*, Influenge 3, Resouteés 1}, Rerainers-2)'Sta-
tus 5

Morality: Humanity 4

Road: Kings \(seeDark~Ages: Vampire)

Willpower: 5

Fortitude 3, Porénee

Katla feeds onSonly meh, whom she has chal-
lenged and physically, bested.

Leland of Durham

Background? Leland was)a potent magician \of
the hermetic ofder béfore hisiEmbrace, concerning
himself primafily with-the study-of Britain's"often
d in his
studies, he developedia theasute of control over the

turbulent weather patterns, As he progre

winds and stornis sweeping/the island, learning ‘to
gray skies‘to blue:

In 1098, Leland and a fellow sorcerer Reginald
met with the Trenteré Meerlinda whet she arrived ti
England, recognizing her as.a magiciaimof some skill

turn misting rain into torrents and

and potency. Welcoming:herintontheir thaneryythe
men listened to her tales of late-night rituals andthe
secrets of the universe: She-spoke of immense power
and the ability to shed the mortal coil, combined

with promises of untold knowledge and the expan
sion of magical horizons.

Reginald was immediately seduced by her wordy
and Leland warmed to her quickly. Always rash and
impulsive, Reginald accepted Meerlinda's offer ant
was Embraced as her childe in 1100. He struggled to
accept his new existence, but soon learned the ways
of manipulating hissblood to great effect. Power
courséd through his body, and the curse of Caine

filled him. witha list for more. Meerlinda attempted

to establishyherself in Glastonbury at the time and
used'Reginald and Leland a$ her primary contacts
Things did\not go as plannedy though
Analliance of other mages and fae railed against
such ‘holy grounds
Meerlinda}.along with Reginald'and several other

the vampiric \presence'n

newly Embraced Magi; worked hard'to convince the
chantry of the benefits of the "new way," and Leland
accepted the Embrate from Reginald/in the second
year of the.conflict. Evéntually foreed to flee north
to Durham, Leland became Meeflinda's representas
tive from the newly established Lion's Gate Chantry
Struggling to find @place in Baron John's court, he
finally earhed respect and trust-bysaving'the Ventre
from-afire that would have likely destroyed the lord,

Hearing of Leland's entry intothe baron's inner
Circle, Mithras proposed ahalliatice with the Tremere,
Leland, accepred and became an agent provocateus
reporting on and eliminating Cainites in John's ine
frastructure who poséd'a threat to the Methuselah,
Leland Would Hever hurt Johnshimself, though, nor
report.on any. Trentere-as part-of.the deal. In retumy
MithraS-would, provide Deland with extremely rare
tomessand promised'a, place=in-his own court it


once the Barony of York was sufficiently
control.
fefirstact on Leland's part was nearly innocu-

fation between John and an agent of Carlisle.
pnth later, the agent was destroyed by an angry
and Leland received the first installment in
Would become a spectacular library of rare
Books. In 10 years, the Tremere has been
pomsible for the elimination of dozens of small

agents.
Image: Short with graying brown hair, Leland
like a commoner. His association with John
brought him a modicum of wealth, which he has

MOpurchase fine clothes, but they hang on him
silk on a mule. He will never be beautiful or

fly but he has no difficulty blending into a crowd.

Roleplaying Hints: You gained status and suc-

Mimost overnight and it has gone to your head.
iifeel more important than you really are, and are

ito overstep your bounds if given the opportu-
ie Even though you are of a Low Clan, your
stant contact with the Ventrue has engendered a
iain nobility — and arrogance. You are drawn to

Stitions and stories of magical trinkets andaniu-

You have amassed a collection of strange and

fical items through the years.

Influence: Leland has cultivated a\meaSure: of
flience over Joha/and York's court, Othermem-
#0 John's Court recognize this relationship /and

Leland's*favor ‘as an avenue\to 'thebaton:

yond his Cainite influence, Leland«has-tontacts
mong the merchants and catayans that move be-

in York and‘ Durham,

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Reginald of Durham.

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Defender

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1102 (Born 920)

Apparent Age: Mid-40s

Physical?\Strength 2,/Dexterity,3y Stamina 3

Social: Charistiia 2, Manipulation (Persuasive) 4,
ance 2

~ Mental: Perception (Insightful) 4, Intelligence

Bellis: Commerdee Gratis (Pa ltstaae) 3-Etr-

ite 3, Melee 2, Stealth Z; Survival\2

Knowledge: Academics (Ancient Tomes) 5,
Hearth Wisdom (British Isles) 4, Linguistics (Theol-
ogy) 4, Occult (Sorcery) 6, Politics 3, Seneschal 2

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Dominate 3,
Thaumaturgy 5 (Rego Tempestas 5, Creo Ignem 2)

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Influence 2,
Resources 1, Retainers 1, Status 2
Morality: Humanity 6
Road: Humanity (see Dark Ages: Vampire)
Willpower: 5

Minor Characters
Aimery de Methuin

8th generation, childe of Olivier

Clan: Ventrue

Nature: Pedagogue

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 950 (Born 924)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Embraced in the middle of the 10th century in
Normandy, Aimery began his unlife as his homeland
asserted itself on the European political stage. When
the assaults on England began, Aimery and his sire
Olivier perceived another power working within the
Norman armies. It wasn't until York fell and Julian
Gerialis and his newly Embraced childe John took
the‘Gity that Aimery and his sire realized that their
dwmplot had heen foiled.

While angered by Julian'sjactions, Olivier could
not-help but.admire thegintelligence and subtlety
displayedeby the Methuselah. Seeuting the ancient
city, of Whitby as his domain;-Olfyier resolved to
watchs Jaliart, fromy"afat to find some weakness to
exploit. Aimety ,howevery Was not as patient or wise
as his sire and sought a hayénwithin York's walls,
hoping to either tide Julidn's suetesses or profit from
his failures. Establishing himself within Julian's court,
Aimery developed a bitter riyalty with the prince's
childe John a rivalrythat-only intensified when
John won the city after Julian's m¥steridus death.

Aimery seéslittl@use in a Small'domain such as
Whitby, especially while the upstart Johh rules York.
Yet Aimery/ feats that any desfabilization of John's
influence would leave the city vulnerable to Mithras'
total control. Aimery focus€Shis atténtion on York
Minster, creatihgtalweb of contacts aimed at ulti-
matély-gaining ditect sway oyér Atchbishop Walter
de Gray! Karla's return to York jeopardizes these
plaiis,-as Aimery"does not_haVe~the charisma or
resdlyeto "truly protect hisSinvestments from her
encroachment


Olivier has Embraced another childe, Simon of
Whitby, but Aimery has had little contact with his
blood brother or father.

Aimery has stark features, with dark hair and a
sharp cheek and jaw line. Bitter and resentful of
John's position and influence, Aimery often wears a
scowl when not actively trying to impress or cajole
those around him. His actions are curt and formal,
and he is likely to point out minor flaws in etiquette
or social gaffes, especially in John or anyone who
seeks power in York. Aimery has become more of a
sycophant than anything else, feeding off the suc-
cesses of others like a parasite. Instead of fighting
Katla for influence in the Minster, he capitulates and
seeks her favor. His ideas of fashion are not entirely
up to date, but he makes every effort to appear the
proper Norman noble. Raised as a warrior, Aimery is
lean, muscular and of average height.

Eyolf Tvarsson
9th generation, childe of Ivar
Clan: Gangrel
Natur
Demeano

Survivor
Defender

Embrace: 900 (born 867)

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Eyolf was Embraced at the height of Jorvik's
glory, when Vikings dominated most of Yorkshire.
and the north of Britain. A scout for a Viking pattol
defending the city, Eylf was Embraced on the moérs
by a bestial, centuriés-Old Gangrel named lyarwAban-
doned to his fate just houts before sunrise, Eyolf
attacked afellowScout to feed His insatiabldhunger
and drainéd the\man/almosteomplerely. Phe Siinrise
was hiddetby-dense stormclouds jand*Caused the
fledgling Gangreligreatipain, hur not deaths He hid
from the light and'stthsisted in the wilderness fora
full monthj ¢oming to grips with\his néWnature and
fighting the inexplidable rage boilifigsin his breast.
At that point, hi§ sire Ivar returned; claimed Eyolf as
his childé and ifistracted himjinithe Ways of the clan
before beinging him before Jilian'Cerialis, the Baton
of York. lt was.thén that Eyolf first merthe prince's
childe Thrand, whom he latef served in ‘the civil
strife with the/Saxon Brujah, and served alongside
Katla.

When/Thrand féll to Final Death and Katla to
torpor, Eydlf exsrigated hinisel&ifrom the conflict
and watched 4§ Julian Cerialis teturivéd triumphant
with the Norman conquerofs, Wihen the prince ré-
established \himself in the city, hene@eded.gomedne
to placate the Danish population 6f the' city, and
called for Eyolftoyattend him at Court. Thodgh he

thought the invitation a trap to punish him
helping Thrand, the Gangrel obeyed the new prim
Julian showed no displeasure at Eyolf's actig
as the einherjar had not fought directly against thm
Ventruenor worked toward his overthrow.
Gangrel ‘simply served the prince of his city ati
fought forhis territory and hunting grounds, Tht
arded. Byalt
was appointed warmaster and found some respedt

deeds were-not to be punished, but re

and‘status.among the Cainites of York.
Occupied by conflict with Chester, Eyolf Wal
notin. York when Julian met Final Death. Recognim
ing the instability of John's newspesition, the Gangeel
realized His support could mean the Solidificationth
the Ventriié's.claim. Byolf-retmemhered the trouble
times Of-civil strife between the Gangrel, Brujah anim
Ventrue and féle.chatra stable leader was far mot
preferable to a violént-power strugglé/He thus sip
ported John-and remained-watmstet fon Yorks
Katla'sere-emergenée on thé séene/has testel
Eyolf's loyalties, as his history and cultural conneey
tion to the einherjat Ventrte affects his jidgmenty
Katla understands that the Gangrel ¥will!niot betray
his princé, andJéhn has nogyet tested his warmasters
loyalty by pitting him.against Katla's interests, fom
the time™being,) Byolf tries\to servé=two) mastenm

though his conflict has become a poinnofdiscussion

‘among the members/of John's court.

Lady Eloise Marchand

10th) generationychildé of Harris Beauchamp
Clan: Ventrue.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace*l82 (born 1160)


Apparent Age: Early 20s

The daughter and only child of a noble in Carlisle,
Bise was destined to marry well and inherit her
fher's estate. Rebuking all suitors, she spent her
flestruggling to learn methods by which she could
Maintain her father's power for her own, rather than
\quish it ¢
febirth to a son, and any inheritance immediately

lved into a simple dowry.

husband. Ultimately, Eloise's mother

Intelligence and ambition forced Eloise into a
fpistrated life, having no opportunity for success in a

Id dominated by wealth, and more importantly by

p. After intimidating one potential husband with

philosophy, she drew the attention of Harris
fuchamp, her suitor's chief advisor. In the midst
if straining, Harris was destroyed by a Cainite
fival and the girl fled to York for sanctuary

The newcomer's potential was immediately rec-
ognized by John, who adopted her as his own childe
and groomed her for greatness. Within a decade of
exemplary service to the baron, Eloise rose to the
position of seneschal, drawing the ire of many
Cainites far her senior. Partly to see how she handled
responsibility and partly to remove her from an in-
creasingly hostile environment, John established
Eloise as his representative to Meerlinda in Durham
Young and somewhat brash, she has played the fool
to the Tremere in an attempt to deceive Meerlinda
into complacency. Eloise's efforts to determine
Meerlinda's true motives have been unsuccessful thus
far, but vigilance gives the Ventrue considerable
insight into the goings-on of Lion's Gate Chantry.



Act 2:
Fortunes Abroad

(Dain in front of Casa pad br earn staup,

Remmi

Ae es Te

Ce ph) ide, Hot &, d the t
fe Sai, "rit a "Brida fil
pee m Ee ae dead N. bu Gok
"ae

oa
Pri ‘allie Shannon
Woe Bee eens wi 3 See rk,
es thy en ge ae: 6, fier Nore
ott th tan Lio, mine
7 tele the

Th oe ait pol aid has a alls Nau York
Leydig Cr 3 lobe oblong alloy

Say


56 pa OU BILL 08 oe

His namesake would have approved.

A thinsmile crept over Joseph Arthur Wellesley's lipsas he
read the newspaper report and reclined in the deep, red leather
chair that dominated his office. A tea service sat on the desk,
fine china cups resting in front of the city's Camarilla "admin-
istrator." He was not so foolish as to claim the title of prince. The
same had been served to his guest, although neither of them
drank. Protocol had to be observed, even in a city so close to
Sabbat domination. "Especially in such trying times," Wellesley
thought.

While atfirst glance the articleshowed another of Theodore
Roosevelt's victories over corruption in the city, Wellesley and
his companion knew better. The crusading president of New
York's Board of Police Commissioners cut into their influence,
but hurt the Lasombra more. His rival Polonia had sought to use
the police as a means of extending influence over the city,
cutting into Camarilla domains and tightening the Sabbat
stranglehold on the small enclave of Ventrue, Toreador and
Nosferatu. Wellesley's Exploitation of Roosevelt's rise to power
— and occasional helping hand — had been an inspired
decision. A delicious irony that an anti-corruption politician
unwittingly had the favor of the very powers he disdained.

"A veritable coup, Catherine," Wellesley purred, lowering
the newspaper and turning his attention to his female visitor.
"Your boy is earning his keep."

"Ofcourse he is, Joseph." Her manners were old money and
her speech English, but there was a faint touch of German in it.
Wellesley wasn't sure exactly how old she was, but from things
she'd said in the decades that he'd known her, he suspected that
she pre-dated the Norman Conquest of England. Wellesley
knew better than toask, though. This Victorian age placed men
at the head of households, but the Kindred knew better than to
adopt that fallacy. Catherine looked demure and lady-like, yet
the steel in her eyes betrayed age and power. Wellesley suffered
no illusions. He nominally led the Camarilla of New York
because she didn't want to, acting as her cat's paw and agent as
much as his own man. Unlike some he could think of, however,
Catherine knew when to leave him to his own devices, trusting
his judgment.

"Did you doubt me?" Her voice was mocking and warning
at the same time.

"One merely congratulates you on a predictably excellent
result... of confusing Polonia's plight."

Her eyes narrowed slightly but she accepted the praise.
"One endeavors to please. It is time to take my leave, I think."
Catherine rose, adjusting her skirts before picking up her
parasol, a strange accessory for one of the Kindred. She never
walked under the sun, but it was still an item that no lady of
proper breeding could be without. "I have a prior engagement."

"Ah yes, Lady Astor's soirée. I hear she might allow some
of the new money to attend."

"Yes. Caroline changed her mind when the Vanderbilt
woman refused to extend an invitation ofherown. It'sone thing

to snub others, but another altogether when you're the oné :

being snubbed." She smiled as if privy to some secret joke.
eae

Francisco Domingo de Polonia glanced at his supplicant
over steepled fingers, as if in prayer. His unblinking gaze drilled
into the crown of the petitioner's down-turned head. "You are
sure of this?" His pronunciation was clear and precise, buteven
so there was still a hint of Spanish to his words. "Can he be!
counted on, Thomas?"

"Ibelieve so, Your Eminence." Albee kept his head bowed:
"Heseems willing to talk, and the veracity of the informationhe
provided is beyond doubt." Polonia nodded, even though he
knew the gesture was lost on the postulant. The information
about the Board of Police Commissioners had born fruit and
would come back to haunt the Camarilla. Hopefully soon.

"And you're sure it's not one of Catherine Trandor's
games?" Polonia's lips curved upward slightly. Now, there was
real opponent. Vicious, manipulative and ruthless. Perfectly
willing to throw away a pawn if it meant taking out a more
powerful piece. "Ah, if only she had been a man...."

"His communiqués seem genuine, Your Eminence, as does
his presence."

"Excellent. And his commitment?"

"He has expressed willingness to take part in the Vaulderié,
and to provide whatever evidence you desire."

Polonia's eyebrows raised. Anything? This was almost too
good to be true. Was their prospective convert that dissatisfied:
with his current position, or was he merely bait? The latter
didn't seem right. He was too well placed to be a sacrificial
offering, even by someone as ruthless as Trandor. Then again,
for great gains one had to take great risks. He'd sacrifice a rook
ora bishop, perhaps even a queen. A new line of action dropped:
intoplace. "Keep the lines ofcommunication with yourclanmaté
open. I want to hear as soon as he contacts you. Send Ecaterina
to meas soon as she's back from Lady Astor's ball. I have a task
for her... and for our friend." The tone of dismissal was clear,
the cardinal's voice.

"Yes, Your Eminence." Albee backed from the room, his
eyes still averted. Polonia sat in contemplation for a moment.
Maybe it was time to clear the board and fill it with new pieces.
He walked to the window and opened the heavy drapes,
allowing him to look out over the city toward the distant Statue
of Liberty and Ellis Island. "Our new pawns," he thought.

The New World

Welcome to New York, the former Dutch colony and one-
time capital of the United States. Combining history, polities and
wealth, 19th century New York isaspringboard from which mortals
and Kindred alike seek to make their fortune. Some succeed. The
majority does not, falling to the city's filthy and crime-ridden
underbelly. Despite endemic corruption, New York is at the cuspof
greatness, and that imminent transformation compels the popula-
tion — Kindred and kine — to greater and greater endeavors.


= Vii. i

SPU TU ALY

Victorian Age New York is the focal point of clashes
thetween the Sabbat and Camarilla. The city is ostensibly
Mominated by the former, but offers footholds to the latter. The
MWo sects spar continuously, their bloody clashes concealed by
ithe brutality of mortal affairs. Until now, neither has side been
able to bring matters to a conclusion. But now events unfold

threaten to upset the balance of power in the city, bringing
itunder the authority ofa single faction. The question is will the
Sabbat or Camarilla prevail? Either way, the characters willearn
themselves powerful allies and enemies.

Overview

The centuries since Act 1 have seen the Kindred of
Europe consolidate their power. Although England fought a
civil war between 1642 and 1650, its underlying structures
femain unchanged and in the hands of ancient and powerful
lindead. Neonates are denied authority in favor of those who
fre centurie: , old. Many Euro-
ipean mortals have sought to better themselves by journeying
tothe New World. Europe's neonates likewise see the ex-
anse of the Americas as an opportunity to establish
themselves, winning domains without competition from el-
ders, Many, however, must do so with the assistance and
‘approval of their sires, who seek to use this Diaspora as a
mheans of expanding their own power and influence. The
selders of Clan Ventrue in particular ensure that their progeny
appreciate heritage and the bonds of debt and responsibility
ithat exist between childe and sire. These lords
‘efforts to establish themselve:
"Sourcesand alliances. There is alwaysa price forsuch assistance,
Mfcourse, though its nature and extent may not always be
"apparent.

While there are various routes between England and the
United States in the Victorian Age, the main one is between
Hiverpool and New York. The latter city is the setting for Act
2of Ventrue Chronicle.

Although the Sabbat dominates New York, the Camarilla
Shas an unmistakable presence in the city. Ventrue Joseph
Wellesley is de facto prince of the city, though he has neither
the influence nor inclination to publicly claim the title,
preferring the position of Dux Bellorum. Being any more
brazen would get him destroyed by the Sabbat. Wellesley
PWorks in conjunction with several other ancient Ventrue,
Most notably the enigmatic Catherine Trandor and the
Sillen Aimery Methuin. The latter serves as a bridge to Act
1—he was one of the main players in the Baron of York's
court — as one or more characters' contact in the city.
Aimery honors an old debt or alliance with the characters'
Sires. Catherine was also part of the baron's court, but is far
Older and more ruthless than Aimery, having once gone by
thename Katla Thranddottir. She does not play a direct role
it the events that transpire in New York, although her
Influence is certainly felt.

and in some cases millenn

aid neonates'
abroad through contacts, re-

The focus of the story is the characters' effort to win
respect for themselves, set against the conflict between the
Sabbatand Camarilla. The ramifications of characters' choices
may influence the fate of New York. Aimery, after hundreds
of years of calling on Catherine and others for aid but never
receiving (to his mind) full cooperation, resents the "upstart"
Dux Bellorum, Joseph Wellesley. Thus, Aimery now contem-
plates a stunning defection to Polonia and the Sabbat cause.
Such a move would ensure victory for the Sabbat in New
York, but Polonia is wary of his prospective recruit and works
through the aegis of Bishop Ecaterina to verify the turncoat's
intentions. As erstwhile confidants of the Ventrue elder —
indeed, they may be commended into his care by their sires —
the characters find themselves in the thick of the conspiracy
and are faced with the choice of aiding or hindering the
defection. Aimery also takes care to implicate the newcomers
in the plot, so they cannot simply call on Wellesley or
Catherine to resolve the matter. In the end, the fate of the
city's Cainite control rests in the characters' hands. Do they
turn on Aimery and fight both he and Sabbat packs to
maintain the Camarilla's presence, or do they change sides,
too?

This act mixes politics with a detective story as the
characters decide whom to trust, with encounters ranging
from upper-class soirées to bloody clashes against Kindred-
influenced street gangs. The balance between these two
extremes is largely left in your hands. As you might expect
from a Ventrue-based chronicle, the trading of favors and
building of alliances can play a more central role than
fisticuffs and rooftop pursuits.

Theme

Whilea wide range of events take place during Act 2, one
theme runs through them all: self-reliance. Though Ventrue
can cooperate with each other, each member of the clan also
contributes to the whole, serving their betters and them-
selves. Each is expected to exploit opportunities presented to
him, for one's self but also for the good of blood relations. The
characters' departure for New York can be one exercise in this
role.

Whether the characters are European-born or Ameri-
can, they leave behind familiar haunts and contacts and are
expected to survive and prosper on their own. While their
sires may be able to offer some support — directly via the
telegraph or through introductions to residents of the city —
the characters decide if they sink or swim. New York is a
crucible in which everyone must contribute or be left to the
wolves. The city encourages vampires to follow the "Ventrue
way" of building power bases and alliances if they are to
survive, let alone prosper.

If the characters stand back and expect things to be
handed to them on a platter, they are sorely disappointed.
Doing so wins them disdain and reflects badly on their sires.
That's why sires may commend childer into Aimery's care.

ACT Il: FORTUNES ABROAD


Although the old Ventrue can provide introductions to the
Camarilla of New York, he is intended primarily as an object
lesson. Despite his Ventrue heritage, Aimery demonstrates the
worst traits that a clan member can possess — sloth, crippling
greed and utterself-centeredness. He is the archetypal petulant
child who expects everything to be done for him and who
blames everyone else when things go wrong. His is proof that
age does not automatically bring respect. Were he as powerful
and influential as he believes he is, would a 900-year-old
Cainite really be subservient to Wellesley, aman undead barely
a century? Respect and power are earned through action and
self-discipline. They're not given. Indeed, Aimery's planned
defection has no ideological motive. He believes (in perhaps
his greatest lapse of judgment) that the Sabbat will elevate him
to the position of power and influence that he expects for
himself. He fails to appreciate that despite all his failings, the
Camarilla Ventrue have supported and protected him. The
Sabbat are even more likely to expectaction rather than words,
Once Aimery's usefulness as a source of information on the
Camarilla is exhausted, he will realize that the only thing he
has to offer the Sabbat is his 8th-generation vitae.

Aimery does, however, see the new arrivals as a means of
advancing his cause. In exchange for introducing them to New
York society and giving them shelter during their first nights in
the city — something that takes little time or effort — he
believes the characters are beholden to him and calls on them
for aid at every opportunity. To him, they are lackeys to be
exploited. Such abuse puts the characters ina difficult position.
They do owe Aimery some measure of gratitude, he is their
elder, and he may be a peer of their sires. But they must balance
these realities with their responsibility to themselves. Can they
help Aimery and advance their own cause at the same time?
Should they? The tenets of Ventrue existence call on clan
members to support each other according to station and blood,
but where do the characters draw the line?

Getting Started

This act makes some assumptions about the characters'
identities, while leaving specifics to player discretion. At
least one character is the scion of one of the Ventrue lines
from Act 1. The story assumes that the characters' sires are
one or more of the characters from the events in Dark Ages
York. You can also adapt events to have one of the support-
ing-cast Ventrue from York be a character's sire. There are
two exceptions, though: Aimery de Methuin, who is an
antagonist in this part of the chronicle, and Katla Thranddottir
(now known as Catherine Trandor) who is a major, if largely
off-screen, participant in events.

The 650 odd years that have passed since the previous act
provide considerable scope for this part's characters. Perhaps
they were Embraced in the English Civil War, some 200 years
ago, which concealed a major confrontation between the
Toreador and Ventrue. The Blue Bloods sired a new genera-

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

Native Sons

An alternative to having the characters originate
in England isto tie them to groupsofEuropean vampires
already inthe United States. Many Kindred migrated to
America during the era of the 13 Colonies and re-
mained in power in cities such as Philadelphia and
Boston. Cainites with ties to the Fiefof York couldeasily
have formed part of these earlier movements. Distant
elders simply give instructions (or encouragement or
orders) to childer to relocate to New York. The charac-
ters could arrive from another American city with litle
adaptation of the story. The characters' voyage (de-
tailed ater) wouldno longer apply, butcould bereplaced
by ascene on one of George Pullman's "hotels on rails!
Nor would forthcoming events on Ellis Island occur.
Scene 3 couldstilltake place, though itsrationale would
need to be altered to suit the characters' origins.

tion of childer to serve as shock troops in the confrontation:
They could also be of more recent vintage, brought intounlife
during the Napoleonic Wars at the start of this century. OF
even more recently in the relative anarchy that gripped
England in the middle of the century during Prince Mithras!
absence. Certainly, the burgeoning population of England,
particularly in towns such as Leeds that rapidly becomes the)
focus of the Fief of York, has fostered the creation of new:
generations of childer who find their paths to power blocked"
by sires and other elders.

The Ventrue are notable in that they exploit this "glass
ceiling," using it as a means of encouraging their progeny {0
extending the clan's reach via a network
of patronage and favors. The characters' departure for New
York is one such endeavor, expanding the influence of the Fiet
of York into its namesake in the Americas, a reward for those
childer who show promise. Of course, such migrations also:
serve as a pressure valve for the Kindred of Europe, distancing)
potential troublemakers from barons and princes. If these ex
patriots fail, their sires lose little more than bothersome pawns.
If neonates succeed, their influence and that of their blood
grows — a win-win situation for childer and sires.

move into new area:

While some Kindred may see their dispatch to the New
Worldasan exile, it is perhaps their best means of establishing
personal domains. While they may resent the move, the
prospect of power dangles before them like a carrot. Success
and survival are challenging, of course. Newcomers have to
come to grips with new geography and Camarilla politics, a8
well as a looming Sabbat threat. (The city's Camarilla tuma
blind eye to the precise methods and motives of sires whosend |
their progeny to New York, grateful for any reinforcements) |
The characters may regard New York as their final destina
tion, or it could be a stepping-stone on their paths elsewhere)
In any case, the characters have to endure in the besieged city
while they establish contacts, build their fortunes and extend)


~ AND
we 9 9 LAW

their influence. All are required to create an empire, or to
Move on to bigger and better things.

Interests

Europe is the focus of the Victorian Age, and the heart
of western culture and history. But for all the prestige associ-
ated with Europe and domains there, the Old World offers few
Opportunities for young Cainites seeking to prove them-
selves. Indeed, characters may feel stifled — perhaps even
exploited. Britain in particular suffers from these conditions.
Itsasmall land with a strict Kindred hierarchy; tradition and
status frequently overrule ability and ambition.

Noteven centuries of service are a guarantee of prosper-
ity in Europe. Valerius of London has recently fallen afoul of
Prince Mithras and been replaced by a younger and more
dynamic seneschal, Anne Bowesley. While her ascent might
suggest that relatively young Kindred can climb the rungs of
power, Lady Anne is the exception rather than the rule. She's
fecognition that a little fresh perspective is needed to compre-
hend the changing world. Even in York, the population of
elders is such that neonates are rarely afforded opportunities
toadvance. A number of millennia-old Kindred have chosen
foleave Britain in favor of the Americas, becoming the main

players in a developing Kindred society.

Europe is likewise the home of deeply ingrained rivalries
and feuds, both within and without fiefs and cities. York,
likely the original home of the characters' sires, remains an
important city (asa focus of the railway industry), but isslowly
eclipsed by its more industrialized western neighbor, Leeds,
and the growing influence of Manchester. These burgeoning
industrial centers have created corresponding conflicts be-
tween feudal Kindred, each competitor seeking advantages
over the rest. As York steadily loses ground, its elders seek to
build alliances to strengthen their position. New York —
with perceived familiarity implicit in its very name — is a
logical choice.

New York offersa host of possibilities forneonate Ventrue,
bethey fresh from their sire's care or having enjoyed decades of
"freedom" in overseas courts. The characters' decision to make
the journey may be largely for selfish reasons — personal
advancement — but also out of loyalty to sire, blood and clan.
The Ventrue do not have the same rigid organizational struc-
tureasdo the Tremere, but they do believe strongly in duty and
honor, the bond of loyalty and responsibility between sire and
childe. That elders arrange the voyage and introductions may
be sufficient motivation for many Ventrue characters. The
¢lan stands to profit from actions that will also honor — or
dishonor — sires. Indeed, winning and losing honor is central
tothe existence of some Blue Bloods, a form of point-scoring
ina Great Game. Several generations of Ventrue may work
together to advance the status of their lineage, competing
against rival lines and their progenitors. It is conceivable that
such competition runs contrary to the Camarilla's interests,
pittingerstwhile allies against each other. It isalso possible that

9

A)

d

a

7

u?

)

4

\

lh


— . Lp
SB SSI ATLL YS tae

one of the characters, disheartened and envious of rivals'
accomplishments, seeks to collapse the entire house of cards,
bringing the "game" and its attendant political structures to an
end. Such a move isan act of unparalleled cynicism, sacrificing
whole lineages to the Sabbat, but one thing is certain — the
vampire who does it will be assured notoriety and recognition
among vampires worldwide. When ego overcomes responsibil-
ity, who can predict the results?

Aimery thus offers various opportunities to characters and
their sires. He (and to a lesser extent Catherine Trandor)
providean ally/mentorin New York, smoothing characters' way
in their first nights. The second opportunity, as mentioned
previously, is the object lesson the elder poses to his "pupils" (as
compared to the good examplesset by Wellesley and Catherine).
The third and final opportunity is abstract and something that
characters may not immediately appreciate: It is possible to
exploit weaknesses even when their possessors' seem useless.

Characters

Unless you give express permission, the players should
create new characters for Act 2, using Vampire's standard
character-creation rules, modified by Chapter Three of Vic-
torian Age: Vampire. The players may spend an additional
20 freebie points on their characters to represent unlife before
journeying to New York.

Most character concepts work in this story. A Ventrue
warrior is as useful in the city as a strategist or politician. Those
with balanced physical, mental and social capabilities are able

to adapt to many of the challenges ahead and have the best
chance of success. Specialist characters can prevail, but may be
reliant on other members of the coterie, something that may
prove problematic for status-hungry Blue Bloods.

Some Abilities are vital for the Kindred to prevail in
New York society. One or more characters should have at
least one dot of Etiquette (preferably more) to allow them to
navigate the social minefields of vampire and mortal society.
Those without such training soon find themselves ostracized
and cut off from social networks, an extremely dangerous
position to be in within a Camarilla enclave. Leadership is
also useful (depending on character concept), as is Politics.

Backgrounds pose an interesting problem for characters in
this act, as they are new to the city. They may not have Traits
(Allies, Contacts, Fame, Herd, Influence, Status) that apply to
New York. They may cultivate such Backgrounds during play,
though. Players may assign points to these Traits and then flesh
them out during roleplaying, with your help in posing encoun-
ters and opportunities. There are no demands of characters'
Backgrounds here, though Mentor is important. Each charac-
ter should have at least one dot, representing their sire, while
Resources and Retainers are useful in the Gilded Age society of
New York. Players should also purchase Generation in accor-
dance with characters' blood. (If a sire is 8th generation, a
player should purchase three levels of Generation for his

04 OE 9S TLS D

character to be 9th, for example.) Characters of generation
beyond the reckoning of their sires are branded diablerists and
face social repercussions in New York.

Schemes and Plans

Upon arriving in the New World, the characters face a succes-
sion of challenges, some of which need tobe overcome quickly, while
others can be dealt with when and how the coterie sees fit.

Havens

One the characters' first tasks is to establish a haven (or
havens). Aimery makes it clear that he accepts their presence
for a short while, but cannot play host for a protracted stay.
(Or more appropriately, one of his ghouls makes it clear, since
adirect confrontation would go against the Laws of Decorum,
even if Aimery's observation of such laws is erratic at best.)
Indeed, the characters' sense of propriety may warn them not
to outstay their welcome, endangering Aimery's goodwill
when they need it most. The characters are probably eager fly:
the nest, though, and begin the long process of establishing
their own domains, something they can hardly do effectively
while they guest in Aimery's house.

How the characters go about establishing themselves is
entirely up to them. Those with sufficient Resources may rentor
purchase property, while the less affluent could search the cityfor
suitable retreats. Their lack of familiarity with the city is a major
stumbling block. Aimery offers pointers, at least in general terms
suchas regions toavoid, but his knowledge is far from perfectand,
is limited to a select few areas of interest. If the characters make
the acquaintance of Aloisius Cahill or Alicia Durant (see
below), they get a more comprehensive picture of the city.

Domains

Relocation to New York divorces Victorian Age charac:
ters from the direct plans and resources of their sires. That
means neonates must work to advance their own agendas
(and their lineage), assuming they survive dealings with the
Sabbat. While the story presented in this act is composed of
several scenes and encounters, episodes are separated by
nights and weeks. The characters certainly don't sit on theit
hands throughout this period. They work to integrate them:
selves into New York's Kindred and kine society and business.
Youare therefore encouraged to flesh out the characters' "free
time" with subplots and stories that interweave with those of
this chapter. Presented here are numerous avenues through'
which characters — particularly Ventrue — can seek power,
prestige and influence. Feel free to turn them into scenarios
and chapters for players to roleplay.

The principal aim of Ventrue is probably to establish a
solid and recognized presence in the city. Once they have been'
presented to Wellesley, they are free to act within reason and
not to the detriment of the Camarilla's position. They may thus
seek to gain influence in a wide range of the city's interests.


lary are already under the influence of Camarilla vampires,
and others are claimed by the Sabbat. The characters have to
heme, connive and fight to establish a foothold, or seek out
mew avenues to exploit. Ironically, the war between sects
Mieans that new openings emerge when vampires perish. The
MGuestion is can the characters seize these opportunities and
Then maintain their grip agai

st competitors and enemies?

Sabbat numbers are so great and their influence so perva-
sSive outside lower Manhattan that Camarilla characters must
be ever vigilant for attacks, against their interests or them-
Selves. The likelihood of such challenges increases in the outer
boroughs, but they may be subject to harassment — and worse
=by Polonia's forces even in Manhattan. The characters are
Maced with a quandary: If they are too aggressive in expanding
"their domains, they draw Sabbat attention. Yet if they're too
"cautious, fellow Camarilla may regard them as weak. Likewise,
Seizing domains from the Sabbat is guaranteed to attract the
"attention of Ecaterina or Turlev (see below), invitinga predict-
ably bloody response. Characters may therefore focus their
attention on neutral factions or even fellow Camarilla rather
than antagonize the more numerous foe.

Wellesley's lieutenants can also help characters estab-
lish domains, a primary means by which the newcomers can
Mesh out dots in their Backgrounds. Local vampires can point
utexisting domains (in general, a very fragmented makeup),
and may provide insight into who is weak and who strong.
The Second Tradition is in effect in New York, but Wellesley
and his lieutenants are ever watchful for those whose grip
slips, presenting openings for the Sabbat to exploit. In such
tases, the de facto primogen are not above "helping the
jprocess along" if it means stabilizes the situation and install-
ing a stronger (and loyal) authority.

Two kinds of cannibalization of Camarilla territory can
Gccur. Those sanctioned or initiated by Wellesley, and those
tamed out under the characters' own initiative. Wellesley
doles out the former as "rewards," the incumbent commonly
encouraged to step down or his removal is overlooked. While
Wellesley is unlikely to assign territory to the characters
When they are still fresh off the boat, he may do so later if they
Prove their strength or determination. (Of course, characters
@ssisting the prince in this way anger Aimery, and he's careful
tocite Wellesley's "clear bias" and "deliberate slighting" of
‘Older Ventrue.) The latter approach is much more risky, but
has great potential for the characters. They are less con-
strained in their targets and the very act of removing an
incumbent demonstrates their worthiness to hold the post —
the adage of "might makes right" in action.

Usurping a domain without Wellesley's authority risks
drawing his ire if the effort fails. The Dux Bellorum has to
maintain order or will be overthrown himself. Would-be
perpetrators may be labeled enemies of the Camarilla and
hunted down. If the characters are successful in their take-
(ver, repercussions are unlikely. Overall sect preservation is
More important than the domain of any single vampire.

Whether the characters earn respect for their actions is
another matter entirely. If their victim had few alliances and
his overthrow didn't harm other domains, the newcomers are
likely to gain acceptance with few comments. If, however,
their victim had ties to numerous other domains and the
removal causes problems for the sect, the coterie may face
censure from Wellesley and find it difficult to gain assistance
from other New York Kindred.

Domain is measured by more than mere turf. It also
comprises mortal and Cainite structures and affairs which
vampires can parasitize. The following are other interests and
avenues into which ambitious Ventrue may delve, whether
on their own territory or in that of rival vampires.

* Politics: Gaining political influence in the city is
without a doubt the primary goal of most Blue Bloods, be it at
a local level or citywide. Tammany Hall — the mortal
executive committee of the Democratic Party — maintains a
tight grip on local politics though endemic corruption, and
continues to do so to some degree for the next half-century.
Various Kindred hold sway over this nest of kine vipers, most
notably Joseph Wellesley. The present "boss" of Tammany
Hall, Irish-born Richard Croker, is solidly in his pocket.
Indeed, Wellesley wields political influence through asucces-
sion of mayors (Thomas Gilroy between 1892 and 1897 and
Robert Van Wyck from 1897).

The Ventrue-anarch Douglas Callihan is Wellesley's
primary rival in the political arena. They compete for the ear
of the city's senior politicians. The very Consolidation Act
(the amalgamation of Manhattan with the surrounding bor-
oughs of Brooklyn, Queens, The Bronx and Richmond to
form Greater New York) may itself be a part of the "game"
between these two elders. Neither tolerates Cainite interfer-
ence in their affairs. Should one or the other fall or be
seriously undermined, other Kindred could insinuate them-
selves into political institutions.

Of course, political influence need not be solely on the
citywide level. It could be more focused, perhaps managed
though ward bosses, individual councilors or immigrant groups.
Wellesley and Callihan may dismiss such "table scraps."
Conniving characters can use small-scale tactics to place
their pawns on a collision course with senior figures in the
city. Being patron to an up-and-coming candidate, for ex-
ample, can result in a subtle shift of powers that elevates
characters and deposes targets in a relatively quiet coup d'etat.

* Crime and Law Enforcement: Thanks to Tammany
Hall, crime is inextricably linked to the political process in
New York; control of criminal groups presents an alternative
political hierarchy. On one side is the police, and on the other
are the gangs and related institutions. Many of the police are
little better than those they're supposed to oppose. The gangs
(see below for more detail on the major groups) dominate street
society for the next decade, but their influence wanes in the
early 20th century when organized crime syndicates succeed
them. The characters may create a legacy on either side of the

ACT Ik FORTUNES ABROAD


a

7 AN Ep
DEES MALYIS

criminal divide, perhaps working with a single officer and
precinct before moving up to citywide influence, or gaining
control of particular "business" interests. Possible domains
include the opium dens near the docks (though much of this
falls to the Setite Lenore), the brothels that dot the city or
gambling and drinking establishments. Control of the last
proves a decisive factor in the city's power struggle when the
18th Amendment — Prohibition — comes into force in 1920.

* Business: Economics is another field on which the
battle for New York wages, among mortals and Kindred. At
the pinnacle of kine society stand the "old money' families,
the Astors and the like, who have been involved in the city
for years. Beneath them (according to old-money families,
anyway) but lesscultured is the "new money" ofthe Vanderbilts
and Goulds, who made their fortunes through a host of
business ventures such as railroads. Below all these elite rich
are the financiers and speculators who crowd Wall Street,
already acknowledged as America's financial heart. Under
them are businessmen of all shapes and moralities.

Victorian New York is America's largest port and the
focus of freight shipment and immigration, two areas that an
unbreathing businessman can manipulate to make his for-
tune. The Giovanni already wield considerable hold over this
aspect of society, but their grip is not yet so strong that others
can't build their own trade empires.

Real estate also presents a means by which characters can
establish powerand create a legacy. Atone extreme, characters
could ape the Vanderbilts and Astors with sweeping control
over land, leading to massive and spectacular property devel-
opments. At the other extreme — and likely of more interest
to Kindred characters — is renting property to rich and poor
alike. Slum landlords may not be the most respected figures in
Manhattan, but they're typically wealthy and have access toa
wide variety of unfortunates who are little missed. Ownership
of numerous properties across New York also affords Kindred
"landlords" with a plethora of secondary havens, which may
save them from the depredations of Sabbat agents.

© The Arts: Although traditionally considered the pur-
view of the Toreador, New York's burgeoning arts scene provides
opportunities for Ventrue seeking to diversify. Numerous venues
on the "Great White Way," as Broadway is often called, are
fertile ground for profit and can be used to establish a herd.
Associations with evening entertainment mean this is a society
inwhich Kindred can mingle and hunt with few worries. Patrons
of Broadway lack the influence of peers, but reach a broad
audience, manipulating or preying upon a wide range of social
groupsand possibly using them tosupport (or limit) the influence
of other domains. Music hall songs can help influence mortals,
for example, ridiculing an enemy or praising an ally. Orplayscan
provide object lessons or parables.

Other artistic venues offer access to less comprehensive
but more influential elements of society — the Academy of
Music (a favored haunt of the old-money families), the Metro-
politan Opera House (the new-money response to their

exclusion from the academy), and Carnegie Hall. Here, the
worlds of art mingle with the factionalism of high society,
placing Ventrue squarely at odds with Toreador for leverage
over the city's upper echelons. Opera houses and art galleries
arecommon meeting places for Kindred. They're public venues
and thussomewhatsafe from attack, while still offering privacy.

© The Media: The 19th century has seen a major growth
in U.S. media, with both national and regional publications
based in New York City. Newspapers such as the New York
Evening Post, The New York Tribune, New York Times and.
National Police Gazette are major objectives of Cainites who
seek to expand their social and political reach. Patronage of
these interests is a major source of conflict between the city's
elders, overseen by Wellesley himself. While he has no desire
to influence the newspapers directly, Wellesley has no wish'
to see the Masquerade broken and thus presides over any
Camarilla effort to manipulate the media. He would, in fact,
prefer that newspapers were left completely alone, but knows
that proscription would open the institutions of the Sabbat,
Characters who seek to manipulate the press must do 90
carefully —and ideally with Wellesley's permission —orelse
riska backlash from both New Yorkers and the wider Camarilla,

In addition to manipulating news, Kindred who secure influ
ence in the media wield formidable influence over society columns,
a devastating tool for commentary and slander in New York.

Major newspapers are not, however, the only media
available. There are dozens of publications across the city and
state, catering to communities and interests. Many work
together under the aegis of the New York Press Association,
founded in 1853 as an alliance of 32 state newspapers.
Influencing such publishers provides less return than does the
major press, but it means less interference by Wellesley and
his associates.

Magazine and book publishing offers a less immediate but
valuable source of influence. People of the Victorian Age
devour stories. Few Kindred probably pay much attention to
fiction like that published in the New York Mirror. Kindred
seeking to use these publishers as a means of expanding their
teach can do so more freely than they can with newspapers.
Wellesley and his associates, like so many Kindred, feel they
have nothing to fear from tall tales. This naiveté is revealed in
1897 with the publication of Bram Stoker's Dracula. Doubleday
& McClure of New York publish the first U.S. edition in 1899,

* Communications: Two inventions make the worlda
smaller place and facilitate the growth of mortal and Kindred
influence across the oceans: the telegraph and telephone.
The former allows near-instantaneous communication any-
where on the continent and across the Atlantic Ocean.
Although quickly outstripped in local areas by the telephone,
and in particular AT&T, the telegraph plays a central role in
long-distance contact. Kindred may seek influence over the
system. Indeed, telegraph and telephone networks are a
cornerstone of so many other domains — the media and
finance in particular — that any success in those fields


Heifires some presence in communications. If nothing else,
an accommodation made with those who claim domain over
communications earns greater rewards.

* Construction: Although New York has yet tohave the
Iikyscrapers" that adorn Chicago (only the World Building
near Brooklyn Bridge comes close), construction is a boom
Bilistry. Influence over building and planning allows Kin-
ted to protect their own havens and domains (and threaten
those of rivals). By plying planners and builders, crafty vam-
Pites can establish a host of havens across the city, some
palatial residences and others little more than boltholes.
aswing the right peoplecan reveal the havens of others, and
énsure that one's own retreats remain hidden. Dominate and
ence provide obvious means of ensuring loyalty and
discretion, as does murder, but characters should not forget
Matters as simple as blackmail and bribery. As mentioned
imeviously, acting asa landlord offers numerous opportunities
foestablish a herd, in addition to havens. The mortals likely
fo live in such places are typically the lower echelons of
Society, though, and may not accommodate a Ventrue's
feeding restrictions. Still, inhabitants may form the herds of
Biter Cainites— Camarilla and Sabbat — who owe vampiric
landlords due favor.

* High Society: New York's upper crust is synonymous
with the Gilded Age. Recognition among the social elite
Corresponds to political and economic power in the city.
Stereotypes suggest that this mortal group falls solidly under
thesway of the Ventrue— and many do — but the Toreador
also build ties to high society. The refinement and social
mores of the upper class appeals to the Toreador aesthetic
While some artistic extravagances of kine society trace back
to the Toreador, many are wholly human concepts. The
horseback dinners at Sherry's Restaurant, for example. The
formal rules of parties and social occasions among moneyed
families so closely parallel those of Kindred society that the
two are almost indistinguishable. A Ventrue might move
among the upper class of human society with only minor
anges in manner, while a young miss might be swept into
@ Toreador ball hardly realizing the change in her environ-
ment. Atfirst glance, the divides between old and new money
Would seem an ideal division of interests between Ventrue
and Toreador, but the presence of other clans, Sabbat and
independent, complicates matters. As a very general rule,
Old-money families are likely to be under the influence of the
Camarilla and in particular the Ventrue. New money such as
the Goulds and Vanderbilt fall under the sway of the Sabbat,
specifically the Lasombra. There are exceptions, of course,
With Ventrue seeking to establish ties to financiers and
fyeoons of the nouveau riche, while some Sabbat regard
Bi dual old money as their domain.

* Low Society: A corollary to the gentility and excess of
theupper class, New York's low class are diverse and numerous.
They lack wealth and political power, but more than make up
forit in vibrancy and tenacity. In Europe, these people might

Wri

WOORELS


be regarded as beneath Ventrue attention and abandoned to
the Brujah, Giovanni and Tzimisce. The Ventrue of New York
cannot afford to be so picky. The city's "low society" number in
the millions, a phenomenal force. Influencing them by what-
ever means is accepted as a valid domain. New York Ventrue
see no shame in manipulating the people of the streets (unlike
the Toreador who regard such affairs as uncouth). Local Blue
Bloods thus come into direct conflict with some Camarilla
allies, neutrals and Sabbat. A few clans wield distinct sway over
the lower classes — the Giovanni over the Italians, the
Tzimisce over Eastern Europeans, and the Brujah over the
Irish. Other clans focus on specific interests. New York's opium
dens fall to the Setites (with some competition from strange
Cathayan vampires), while its sewers are the purview of the
Nosferatu, as in so many cities.

¢ Transportation: As awareness of the world has grown,
so mortals and Kindred have sought means of crossing it
quickly and efficiently. The steamship has revolutionized
ocean travel. It now takes only six days to cross the Atlantic
from Liverpool to New York. Likewise, railways have drasti-
cally reduced land travel times. In addition to the vast sums
that can be made from such endeavors — many of New York's
new money made their fortunes in railways — Kindred with
fingers in the travel industry can monitor (and help or
hinder) the movements of others. The Prince of Liverpool
wields considerable clout in the Transatlantic transportation
of Kindred, going so far as to have ghouls who chaperone
vampires in transit. Kindred-influence in railways helps to
organize closed carriages and even special trains when Cainites
wish to travel long distances. Someone needs to make sure

that no one disturbs undead guests at inopportune times or
opens boxes they shouldn't (or does in the case of sleeping

enemies). Also, no record of Kindred passengers can be made
(or can survive).

New York's siege makes transportation a major target of
Sabbat concern. If they can cut the flow of experienced
Kindred to the city, the Camarilla has to rely on newly
Embraced neophytes to maintain its numbers. Wellesley
understandably allows only those who demonstrate their
cunning and tenacity to hold such domains against the
Sabbat. In truth, the city is simply too large for anyone to
manage all transportation. Some docks fall under the sway of
the anarchs and others the Giovanni, while "loyal" Ventrue
like Aimery are allowed holdings out of necessity.

¢ Immigration: Related to but distinct from transporta-
tion is immigration. Ellis Island is the single largest point of
entry for immigrants to the United States. Since 1891,
oversight of immigration has been under federal jurisdiction,
with agents having the right to inspect and if needed refuse
entry to anyone. Just as kine authorities use these controls to
weed out undesirables, so the Kindred employ them in their
shadow wars, identifying, tracking and acting against en-
emies. Immigration is Wellesley's purview. He uses his contacts
to monitor comings and goings from Europe and tolerates no

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

interference. With the Dux Bellorum's cooperation, Kindred
arrivals sidestep the potentially embarrassing protocols of
Ellis Island, but receiving assistance brings newcomers to
Wellesley's attention. Sabbat and neutral Cainites have their
own protocols for avoiding immigration. Canny character:
may create a lucrative domain for themselves to avoid "offie
cial entanglements."

* Religion and Spiritualism: Although best known forits
secular history and financial achievements, New Yorkalsoplays
a substantial role in several major religions. Catholicism and:
Protestantism clash, each ingrained in different elements ofthe
population. Judaismalso hasa substantial representationamong
the immigrant community. While only a few Kindred rakea
direct role in the Church's activities, they do watch over places
suchas the Jesuit St. Francis Xavier School, particularly afterits
recent (1880) adoption of military drill and protocols. Wellesley
tolerates no interference in the city's religious affairs, which he
considers an automatic breach of the First Tradition. He does
appoint several trustworthy individuals to monitor mortal rel"
gious activity, though. The characters may earn Wellesley'
trust and gain such an appointment, or may interfere in such!
affairs and invoke his wrath.

An alternative to mainstream religions, the craze of spiti-
tuality sweeping the civilized world opens numerous doors for
vampires. For every acknowledged fake, such as the Fox sisters
of Rochester, there are other "mysterious happenings" seized,
upon by believers. As elsewhere in the Victorian Age, the
Tremere are the main exploiters of this phenomenon, using
numerous groups to advance their agendas in all levels of
society.

© Academia: In addition to culture, the Victorian Ageis
known for its learning. While lacking the sophistication of
London or Paris, New York has more than its fair share of
prestigious educational establishments. New York University'
near Washington Square, and Columbia University near 5th
and 15th Street are among the most prestigious colleges in the
United States. Lecturers and attendees represent a rich te
source, ripe for the picking by interested Cainites. Kindred can
shape the direction of teaching by manipulating lecturets, oF
direct research toward (or away from) areas of concern. A
lecturer in medieval history might "loan" a valuable manuscript
or follow a particular line of research in exchange for the
opportunity to peruse an item from a Kindred's private collec
tion.

* Medicine and Sanitation: The subject of much interest
and research in the Victorian Age, medicine is a relatively new
area of attention for Cainites. While disease and sanitation
have little direct impact on the undead, they are essential t0)
maintaining a healthy herd and helping the population grows
The increasing number of hospitals in the city is one manifes
tation of mortal efforts to stamp out diseases such as typhoid,
cholera and TB. The increasing importance of garbage collec
tion and efforts to ensure potable water reflect a commitment
todealing with New York's health problems. The city's Health


LD
BSR ALLS es

Modern References

Although it focuses on the modern nights, the Vam-
pire book Gilded Cage provides a detailed treatise on
building and maintaining influence ina city, while Mid-
night Siege details inter-factional conflict. These books
are ideal references on the perils and pitfalls that await
characters as they build their own domains in New York.
Likewise, Succubus Club: Dead Man's Party provides a
host of information on Kindred social affairs, including
details on Ventrue ceremonies and Sabbat ritae, as well as
systems for social "combat." Of course, there's New York
by Night. The book discusses some of the Victorian Age's
activities and nocturnal inhabitants, and suggests ways in
which the city may change between Acts 2 and 3.

Police have far-reaching powers and can quarantine individu-
als on suspicion of infection. They can condemn buildings
Without recourse to a higher jurisdiction, save the City Health
Commissioner. Major social issues govern the application of
this health policy, though. In 1892, an outbreak of cholera
aboard a ship in harbor sees poor passengers confined below
decks while the rich are allowed to continue on unimpeded.
Old Kindred are unlikely to understand the significance of
these mortal endeavors. How does washing one's hands pre-
vent ill humors from affecting the kine? This an area in which
felatively young Kindred can succeed.

Other Clans

New York is a city at war. While the Ventrue would like
nothing more than to claim it as their own, they must rely on
the other clans if they are to maintain even the status quo.
Brujah muscle and Tremere sorcery are essential to the
Camarilla defense. Notables from these clans may have
significant roles in Act 2, as supporting characters or as
Players' characters, and have their own reasons for going to
New York and working with the Ventrue.

Tremere sired in the Fief of York probably have strong
ties to Durham Chantry, but unlife for blood mages is still a
challenge thanks to Mithras' antipathy. Escape may be a
welcome option for young Usurpers. Wellesley welcomes
Tremere support in New York, combining thaumaturgy and
Politics in defense of the city. For their part, Tremere opposed
by their old enemies the Tzimisce may find security in
alliances with New York's Ventrue.

New York's Brujah operate on multiple levels. Some
work with the Camarilla in defense of the city, serving as foot
soldiers and warlords in nightly battles. They can accept the
authority of the Ventrue and even become embroiled in Blue
Blood schemes, either out of loyalty to the Camarilla or to
change the system from within. Other Brujah can be in the
city for their own reasons, particularly those affiliated with
the anarchs. Arrivals with these connections may seek to

expand their own power at the expense of the major factions,
or may simply wish to use local chaos to spike others' plans.

Gilded Age New York, with its gaudy overindulgence of
the upper class and densely packed immigrant population, is
a magnet for the Toreador. Whereas other clans may be
drawn to the city because of the opportunities it presents, the
Toreador are attracted to New York — particularly Manhat-
tan—by the combinedeffects of self-indulgence and shattered
dreams. They may become enmeshed in Kindred and mortal
politics, but care as much for the patterns of response that
theiractions trigger as they do for actual power. Toreador may
stir up friction between old- and new-money families, for
example. A new-money family "neglects" to invite an old-
money daughter to a soiree, or an old-money family lowers
itself to work with social inferiors. The artists enjoy the
shifting social dynamics that ensue.

Like most large cities, New York isa haven for Nosferatu.
Its docks and squalid tenements teem with impoverished
immigrants — ideal havens for sewer rats. Massive immigra-
tion over the last century has seen radical changes in the city's
structure. Nosferatu can thrive on the impoverished have-
nots. Under the leadership of Augustin, clan members are an
invaluable part of New York's Camarilla infrastructure. They're
the sect's eyes and ears and the city's principal information
brokers. Some stand aloof from Ventrue schemes, simply
observing the interplay of personalities and influence. Others
enjoy a "hands on" approach, gaining intimate access to the
plans and secrets of fellow Kindred.

The emergence of new-money families in New York,
combined with substantial immigration from the Mediterra-
nean, bolsters the presence of both the Lasombra and
Giovanni. Meanwhile, the poor from abroad help establish
Setite and Assamite populations. The Tzimisce likewise
prosper among immigrants from the Balkans and eastern
Europe. Racial antipathy toward immigrant groups fuels
tensions and plays to the Sabbat-Camarilla war, exacerbating
feuds between Cainite groups.

Sire Interference

This act assumes that characters' sires remain in En-
gland, either York or London, although some may have
already relocated to the New Worldas discussed above. In any
case, they may still be reached by telegraph or through the
more regional telephone. This assumes, of course, that elders
aren't so hidebound or traditional that such modern inven-
tions aren't completely alien to them or their agents. Calling
upon sires may also be considered a sign of personal weakness.
Benefactors can provide occasional pearls of wisdom and
introductions to relevant people in New York, but may
otherwise remain aloof from childer affairs. To them, America
may still be little more than a rogue colony. While they have
heard stories of New York, they could regard the city as an
uncivilized den of iniquity that may soon rival London in size
but will never achieve the same height of culture.

ACT IL: FORTUNES ABROAD


66

The only reliable involvement that sires may have is
their introduction to Aimery Methuin, whom they could
have known in Dark Medieval York. Each applicable
character has a personalized letter to Aimery (and he may
have also been contacted in advance by telegraph).
Through their sires' graces, the characters are presented
to Aimery, and through him to Wellesley and the city's
Camarilla. The characters also receive more then they
bargained for when Aimery uses them as unwitting inter-
mediaries with the Sabbat. The elder Ventrue exploits
their naiveté and unfamiliarity with New York to advance
his own plans. (He also interferes with plans of York-
based sires in response to any snubs he suffered from them
in the past.) Progenitors may provide characters with
some of Aimery's history, but probably reserve his dubious
merit for childer to discover — and learn from — them-
selves.

Thus, if and when characters run into trouble in New
York, they have to save themselves. Sires get involved
only under desperate circumstances, or when threat of
humiliation by association is immense. If sires must play
their hand, it's undoubtedly turned on foolish or rogue
neonates afterward.

The Gilded Age

Mark Twain dubbed the setting of this act the "Gilded
Age." The story assumes that events take place in 1897. The
historical fire at Ellis Island (June 15, 1897) figures into Scene
3, although the act can be adapted to any time in the period
that supports your game.

It is an era of immense social change in the United
States. The Civil War is a quarter-century past, butstill looms
large in people's memories. In the years since, the rich have
grown richer and they display their wealth ostentatiously.
They host lavish parties and fill their homes with the latest
appliances —telephones, phonographs and electric lights! In
stark contrast, the vast majority live below the poverty line
and eke out harsh lives from day to day in New York's
numerous tenement blocks. Immigrants in particular suffer,
forced into de facto ghettos and working in factories, mills
and sweatshops to line the pockets of the rich. Corruption
and crime are endemic, from the gangs who rule the streets to
the institutional corruption of Tammany Hall. The two
social strata entwine through the patronage of political par-
ties that extend their tendrils into the lower classes, seeking
to better the workers' lot while expanding their own power
and wealth. The result is the rise of labor movements and
unions. And strikes are common until the early 1890s when
deployed troops shatter the movement, keeping rich and poor
separated. These disparate factions prove ideal for the Kin-
dred, allowing them to influence mortal society ata variety of
levels as outlined under "Interests."

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

J

A Cast of Thousands

New York and its boroughs can support some 40 Cainites
with ease. In practice, the city is home to many more, a number
of whom use it as an entry point into the United States:
Numerous supporting cast members appear in Act 2, most for
the first time in this chronicle. Two others reprise their roles
from Act 1. Many appear in New York by Night, as well. More
information on those marked with an asterisk appears in that
book.

The Sabbat

New York is arguably in the hands of the Sabbat, whorevel
in its mix of anarchy, corruption and poverty. The Sabbat
powers in the five boroughs — not yeta unified city —fall under
the authority of Cardinal Polonia whose "war parties" range far
and wide, targeting Camarilla Kindred and their domains.
Sabbat agents even operate in the so-called enclave. Theit
province over several new-money families demonstrates the
sect's presence in the Camarilla's core territories. Only the Dux
Bellorum's vigilance prevents the sect from expanding.

Numbers are the Sabbat's biggest disadvantage. They are
much more numerous than the Camarilla due to the size of
the regions they hold and the absence of any traditions to put

References and Inspirations

This chapter can provide only a cursory overview of
life in New York at the end of the 19th century. There are
a host of other works on the period that players and
Storytellers may consult. Four books stand out. The
Gilded Age by Mark Twain and Charles Dudley Warmer
satires the goings-on of society in the 1870s. The Age of
Innocence by Edith Wharton explores the social minefield
of New York's upper crust in the 1880s. How the Other
Half Lives by Jacob Riis explores life among the city's
tenements in 1890. And Herbert Asbury's famed The
Gangs of New York details gangs and criminal organiza-
tions in the city into the early 20th century. Of more
recent provenance, Erik Larson's The Devil in the White
City providesa very readable accountof the 1893 Worlds
Columbian Exposition in Chicago, together with the
murders carried out at the same time by H. H. Holmes
(Herman Webster Mudgett).

Martin Scorsese's film The Gangs of New York is well
worth watching for atmosphere, though most of its charac-
ters and eventsare fictitious, and it culminates rather early
in the Victorian Era. Its finale is the Draft Riots of 1863.
Also by Scorsese, The Age of Innocence deftly adapts the
book of the same name. Terence Davies' adaptation of
another Edith Wharton novel, The House of Mirth, charts
the riches-to-rags tragedy of Lilly Bart in 1890s New York.


"Geation rites in check. Their "hordes" lack age and experi-
Fence, but are still hordes. Sabbat leaders are both experienced
"and calculating.

Cardinal Francisco Domingo de Polonia* is Trandor's
"Opposite, the meticulous planner behind Sabbat activity who
"Teaves hands-on management of packs to Ecaterina and Turley.

‘Although his position is far from absolute — the Camarilla
presence in Manhattan is a major thom in his side — Polonia's
Tuuthority extends over the outlying boroughs, in particular The
Bronx and Brooklyn, placing him in a much stronger position
than the Camarilla" prince." His greatest challenge is cutting off
‘Camarilla reinforcements, such as the characters. He also works
to destroy the Camarilla's influence and to undermine its
telationship with neutral parties such as the Giovanni.

Ecaterina* (the Wise) has served as Bishop of Manhattan
sincethe Warof Independence, but her role is threatened by the
installation of Turlev. The Brujah presumes that Polonia's
decisions are intended to curb her power and ensure her loyalty
tothe Sabbat, but they have only triggered a series of confron-
fations with Turlev. The core of her domain is Harlem, though
Ecaterina's influence extends into the Upper East Side, with
pockets across Manhattan and the Lower East Side.

Turlev* is a fanatical adherent to the Sabbat's philoso-
Phies and has been rewarded with the rank of Bishop of
Brooklyn. Polonia has charged the Lasombra with assaulting
Camarilla domains, placing the bishop in direct competition
With Ecaterina. Completion of the Brooklyn Bridge has eased
Turlev's role considerably, allowing direct access to the heart of
the Camarilla domain. The crossing has become a major point
ofconflict between the sects.

Thomas Albee* is the most senior Ventrue antitribu in the
tity, buthe is disdained by both the Sabbatand the true Ventrue
OfManhattan, making him bitterand vindictive. Albee reserves
his greatest enmity for his childe Douglas Callihan, whose
defection from the Sabbat has undermined his own position.
NowA bee recognizes Aimery's defection —for which he serves
@ facilitator — as a means of restoring his standing.

The Camarilla

While the Sabbat dominates New York, many city
inhabitants are members of the Camarilla and operate openly
and in secret.

Joseph Wellesley servesas de facto Prince of New York (he
fakes the title Dux Bellorum). His position is threatened by the
Sabbat and by rivals within the Camarilla; not all acknowledge
his position. The Ventrue lord wields immense political power
through ties to Tammany Hall. Wellesley chairs the "War
Council" that oversees the defense of the Camarilla's enclave.

Catherine Trandor, formerly known as Katla Thranddottir,
isundoubtedly the oldest Cainite involved in New York's affairs.
Sheisnota full-time resident, preferring to remain in her Albany
haven, influencing matters through agents. Although important
fothisact, Catherine hasonly asmall role. Instead, her importance

is as behind-the-scenes manipulator and potential advisor to the
characters and Aimery. It is she who plants the seed of defection
in Aimery's mind. Her goal is to gauge the reaction of both
Wellesley and the Sabbat, notably Polonia and Ecaterina. Her
actions and reasons may not be clear in this act, though they
become so when the focus turns to Savannah in Act 3.

Aimery de Methuin competes with both Wellesley and
Catherine for power in the city. His relationship with the
"upstart" Wellesley is cold and antagonistic, while that with
Catherine combinesrivalry and dependence. Aimery hassought
to use Catherine as his means of gaining station, constantly
calling on her for favors and assistance. She has complied to
some extent, but never as much as Aimery would like, leaving
himembittered butbeholden to her. Aimery's willingness to aid
the characters stems from his desire to use them as pawns in the
way that Catherine has used him. Feeling thatthe Camarilla has
notaccorded him the statusand respecthe deserves, Aimery has
made contacts with the Sabbat via Thomas Albee, a Ventrue
antitribu, with the intent to defect.

The Trinity comprises three Nosferatu: Augustin, his
childe Calebros*, and Radcliffe with Teeth. Together they are
the Camarilla's information brokers in the city, infiltrating the
lowest strata of society and learning its darkest secrets. Most of
New York's Ventrue show nothing but disdain for these
Nosferatu, but remain reliant on the information they provide.
Wellesley, whose past gives him an appreciation forthe Trinity's
actions, is a notable exception. Characters seeking to expand
their influence in the city do well to consult with the Trinity.
Augustin is the most approachable, frequently appearing at
Wellesley's court and sitting on the War Council. Calebros is
the most organized and knowledgeable, responsible for collat-
ing much of the information gathered by the three. Radcliffe
lacks the openness of Augustin and the systematic nature of
Calebros, but makes up for it with a hyperactive schedule and an
apparent love of danger. Radcliffe handles contact between the
Trinity and clanmates in the Sabbat. Indeed, some among the
Camarilla accuse the Nosferatu — but not the Trinity directly
—of maintaining close contacts with the enemy, anaffront that
Augustin shrugs off nonchalantly.

Yvette Krupinski* (The Hopeless) is the confused childe
of the famed Toreador Tamoszius Kuszleika. She has wandered
Manhattan since her Embrace in 1891, attempting to come to
terms with her nature. She presently lairs near Grand Central
Terminal, part of Aimery'sdomain, and has an accommodation
with him. Yvette provides Aimery with details of Kindred
passing through the station. Yvette's reports are far from en-
lightening — she is too self-involved to be a good observer —
and Aimery is so disinterested that he frequently forgets she
exists. That's not tosay, however, that Yvette doesn'tsee things,
in particular things she shouldn't. More details on Yvette and
her involvement with Aimery are presented in Scene 4.

Eleanor Van Hasen oversees the main Tremere chantry
in the city, and sits on Wellesley's "War Council." She
maintainsan uneasy relationship with Manhattan's Ventrue,

ACT Il: FORTUNES ABROAD


resisting the incursions of Turlev and his Lasombra and
Tzimisce hordes. While Eleanor has only a minor role in the
main part of the chronicle, she is one of the most powerful
Kindred in the city, courted by Ventrue and Toreador alike
and the target of frequent Sabbat attacks. Any attempt by the
characters to establish themselves in New York brings them
to Eleanor's attention, or they may seek her or the chantry
out,

Independents

New York's size — the city and its satellites are home to
3,400,000 souls — means that Kindred may avoid entangle-
ments with the Camarilla and Sabbat. Some anarchs consider
the city, its gang culture and lawlessness on the streets ideal for
their endeavors. (California's significance doesn't become
apparent a few more years.) Such interests have raised ten-
sions with the Sabbat, though, who exploit the same mortal
conditions.

Douglas Callihan* once worked with Boss Tweed to
dominate the city's affairs through Tammany Hall. His
Embrace by Ventrue antitribu Thomas Albee allowed
Callihan to exceed his former associate's influence, but
Callihan quickly became disillusioned with the Sabbat
and foreswore Polonia's cause, choosing to take up with
the city's anarchs. Callihan still craves power and influ-
ence, going so far as to negotiate with Wellesley, Aimery
and other notables, offering his influence to advance
their efforts. Of course, such formidable business and
political sway comes at a price.

Donatello Giovanni* commands his clan's growing
position among New York's Italian population. Courted
by both sects, Donatello wields formidable influence
among the city's dockworkers, granting him a strangle-
hold on the importation of goods and a vast source of
information. Polonia offers the Giovanni numerous in-
centives to leave the Camarilla alone, including sparing
clan interests from Turley and Ecaterina's wrath. Donatello
is a businessman first and foremost, and is unwilling to
forswear the income he gains from aiding the Camarilla,
preferring to play the factions against each other and
profiting from both.

Lenore revels in the city's dark side, in particular the
drug dens of the Lower East Side. She works to corrupt the
city's lower classes to serve the Followers of Set. She cares
little for the factional politics of other Kindred, putting
her own clan's interests first. Her influence extends into
both Camarilla and Sabbat territories and she negotiates
with both groups to her own advantage. In particular, she
exploits the conflict to move goods, people and informa-
tion, though the price of her services is rarely cheap and
usually involves some twist. She has accessed Ventrue
influence among the police to protect Setite opium dens
and brothels, for example.

whee he be edad

New York in the
Gilded Age

While New York by Night provides a detailed examinae
tion of the city in the modern nights, much has changed over
the last century. The following is a brief overview of the cityin
the late 19th century, recapping some historical details forthose
who do not have access to New York by Night and providing
additional material on the city in the Victorian Age.

Mortal History

New York's pedigree is as muddled as that of the people
who call the city home. The region was originally inhabited
by the Algonquin tribe. The first European to visit the island
was Italian Giovanni de Verrazano, but it was another cen-
tury before the establishment of a European settlement. The
Dutch founded New Amsterdam on land purchased from the
Algonquin. Englishman Henry Hudson surveyed the land for
the Dutch East India Company. The colony's success at
tracted British interest, leading to the seizure of New
Amsterdam in 1664, after which it was named New York. The
town prospered and soon became prominent in the 13 Colo-
nies. It remained in British hands during the Revolutionary
War, but was handed over to the newly formed United States
upon the British withdrawal. New York was the new nation's
first capital, albeit for only seven years, until the government
relocated to Philadelphia in 1790.

New York remained an important settlement and be-
came the east coast's principal port, a position strengthened
by the opening of the Erie Canal in 1826, which allowed
vessels to cross from Lake Erie to Albany, and down the
Hudson River to Manhattan. A mercantile elite emerged,
becoming established as the city's "old money." In the early
19th century, however, an alternative — and ultimately
dominant — power structure formed in Tammany Hall, the
Democratic Party's executive committee. Founded less than'
a decade after the birth of the United States, Tammany Hall
grew in power as the city's immigrant population increased,
(Newcomers reciprocated the assistance provided them by
the Democratic machine.) The rising immigrant population
also led to increasing tensions in the city, resulting in gangs
that would dominate the city into the 20th century. Tensions:
between the rich and poor reached their height in the Draft
Riots of July 1863, which left 2000 dead and 8000 injured:
Fighting broke out after the Union's imposition of the draft,
something that the wealthy could escape by paying $300.

In the 1870s, a series of corruption scandals rocked
Tammany Hall, then under the leadership of "Boss" Tweed,
But rather than undermine Democratic footing, the scandals
forced the party to adapt, taking on a less overt and more
regimented approach that solidified control over city polities,


ATimeline of Recent Events

AT&T founded in New York

(Oct. 12) Bloomingdale's opens at 59th and 3rd
Avenue; (Oct. 28) The Statue of Liberty is as-
sembled in Fort Wood on Bledsoe's Island (later
"Liberty Island")

Electricity becomes available in the Bronx

(Jun. 16) The first Madison Square Gardens opens;
Jacob Riis' How the Other Half Lives is published

(May 5) New York City Music Hall opens (later
known as Carnegie Hall)

(Jan 2) Ellis Island opens as a processing center for
immigrants; (Aug. 29) Cholera arrives in the U.S.
via NYC and the steamship Moravia
Hotel Netherland completed; Broadway becomes
known as the "Great White Way"

Opening of the Beaux-Arts Institute of Design
Theodore Roosevelt becomes head of the Board of
Police Commissions

(Apr. 30) The world's first automobile accident
occurs in New York

(Jun. 15) A fire sweeps through the Ellis Island
facility, destroying all records; (Dec. 31) Fireworks
and parades celebrate the consolidation of New
York City

(Jan. 1) The Act of Consolidation merges the Five
Boroughs (Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, the
Bronx and Richmond) to form Greater New York
under Democratic Mayor Robert Van Wyck. Their
combined population is 3.4 million

The Democrats have yet to regain the political heights they
enjoyed before Tweed's fall, but do so in November of 1897
With the election of Judge Robert Van Wyck as the first
Mayor of Greater New York.

The Five Boroughs

Modern New York (comprising the five boroughs of Man-
hattan, Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx and Staten Island) does
notcome into existence until 1898, but all of the boroughs exist
in the Victorian Age (Staten Island is called Richmond). All
told, they're home to some 3.4 million people and their atten-
dant vampires. Each part of the city encompasses a broad variety
of districts, ranging from the depraved to the ultra-wealthy.
Dingy tenements stand only a few blocks from the brownstones
and Gothic palaces of the rich and famous. Criminals ofall types

foam the streets: droppers who con people by selling "lost"
wallets, anglers who use hooks on sticks to rob houses, the
women known as bludgets who lure men into alleys and then
tobthem, and star gazers (prostitutes). Add to these the well-to-
dowho exploit the poor with pitiful wagesand harsh conditions,

or who charge extortionate rents for rooms in slum tenements.
The city's government and industry are virtually inseparable
from its dark underbelly. Graft and corruption are endemic,
with political power in the hands (or functioning at the suffer-
ance) of groups such as Tammany Hall. Efforts have been made
tostamp out crime and corruption, but it's a drop in the bucket.
In many cases the police are as guilty as the criminals. Many
police organize extortion rackets of their own or are utterly
disregarded by gangs. One such gang, the Gophers, makes a
fashion of mugging police officers for their coats.

Atpresent, the five boroughs remain independent entities.

Manhattan

In the Victorian Age, New York is synonymous with the
island of Manhattan, It is home to the city's elite, mostly on 5th
Avenue, and poor, particularly in the tenements of the Lower
East Side. Wall Street, once the site of a Dutch fortification on
the southern part of the island, is already a major financial
center and is at the heart of a jumble of streets that pre-date
America's independence. Further north, more thorough plan-
ning affords the city a grid pattern of streets.

Central Park provides residents with an escape from the
urban sprawl. The land was purchased by the state in 1856 in
response to popular appeal, and then landscaped to suit a plan
selected in a public competition. This process required the
dismantling of numerous farms and slums, causing friction
between former residents and the well to do. That did not
prevent the park's opening in 1876, though.

Known locally as the Great White Way because of its gas
and electric signs, Broadway is the heart of the theatre district
and has been since the mid-19th century. The region steadily
gains in popularity and magnificence (though its height is still
a decade or more away). Long Acre Square (which will be
renamed Times Square in 1904 when the New York Times
relocates there) was formerly a horse-trading center, but has
become the focus of the Broadway area with the opening of the
Olympia Theater in 1895.

Further north, at the junction of 7th Avenue and 57th
Street, the music hall founded by Andrew Carnegie adopts its
builder-financier's name and hosts numerous events, including
concerts by Tchaikovsky and lectures about voyages to the
moon. Itishome to both the Symphony Society and its rival the
Philharmonic Society. Twosites dominate sports in the city: the
Polo Grounds of the New York Giants baseball team, situated
between 157th and 159th Streets, and Madison Square Garden
on West 33rd Street, opened in 1891 and used most often for
boxing.

One of the greatest contrasts in the city exists between
the mansions of the wealthy and the tenements of the poor.
Fifth Avenue, particularly the stretch known as Millionaire's
Row, is adorned by the palatial homes of both old and new
money. These include the ostentatious Vanderbilt "chateau"
at 52nd Street, the technological marvels of Andrew
Carnegie's home at 91st Street, and Mrs. Astor's Renaissance


mansion at 65th Street. Likewise, there are grand hotels like
the New Netherland, the Savoy and the Waldorf-Astoria,
the world's largest. Competition between New York families
is best epitomized by the construction of the Metropolitan
Opera House on 39th Street in 1883, when the old money
refused the new money boxes.

Much of Manhattan's western side comprises slum ten-
ements and rundown houses occupied by multiple families.
The most common are brick buildings between four and six
stories tall, often with a store on the ground floor and a dark
central stairwell for access and ventilation. Many have an
accompanying building on the rear half of the lot, accessed
via a passageway. The worst such structures house 200 people
and are breeding grounds for crime and disease.

Manhattan is the core of Camarilla domains in New
York, with Ventrue and Toreador holdings being strongest
around Wall Street and 5th Avenue. There is little organized
Camarilla presence north of 50th Street, though individuals'
influence extends as far as 96th Street. The city's few Gangrel
roam Central Park, but face stiff competition with some
Lupines that lair there. Both the Sabbat and independent
vampires have made inroads into Manhattan, and the precise
boundaries of their turf are unclear. Indeed, Sabbat influence
permeates the gangs of Lower Manhattan.

Most of characters' opportunities to gain status, influ-
ence and domain are posed in Manhattan. Rivalries among
Camarilla Kindred are most intense here. Daring — or
foolhardy — newcomers may look further a field, to the outer
boroughs or even New Jersey. Wellesley maintains several
havens, but the one he uses most is on 5th Avenue near the
confluence with Broadway. Ecaterina maintains only a single
haven in Upper Manhattan, in a mansion once used by
George Washington.

Brooklyn

Like Manhattan, Brooklyn was once under Dutch au-
thority and standsas both an independent city and commuter
suburb, particularly for the well to do. Historically, a ferry
service provided the main link to Manhattan until the
Brooklyn Bridge opened. In recent years, Brooklyn has out-

done its rival as a port, but its interests have converged with
those of its island neighbor, leading to consolidation. Coney
Island, at Brooklyn's southernmost tip, is home to several
racetracks and hotels that serve as out-of-town retreats for the
city's elite, though much of the area has sunk into vice
(attracting various Tzimisce and Toreador antitribu, as well as
some Setite). Brooklyn falls solidly under the Sabbat's aegis,
with the Lasombra dominating affluent districts and the
Tzimisce overseeing immigrants. Although Brooklyn lacks
the political and financial centers of Manhattan, its role as
port and industrial center make it vital to the Sabbat war
effort. Daring Camarilla members might challenge this au-
thority directly or through the neutral clans, but doing so
draws the attention of the merciless Bishop Turlev.

mil

We Pa)

The largest borough of New York, Queens is home to
numerous racetracks that combine with its open spaces to
attract the wealthy. The absence of a physical connection to
Manhattan has slowed the borough's growth, but hasn't
dampened residents' enthusiasm for consolidation. The re-
gion doesn't have the extremes of Manhattan — there areno
ultra-wealthy homes, but neither are there extensive slums,
It's the site of many summer homes. The Sabbat presence in
Queens is less focused than in the Bronx or Brooklyn — the
tural nature of the area is of little interest — although the
communities of Queens County afford numerous opportuni-
ties for establishing localized domains. Fort Totten in the
northeast corner of the borough serves as a haven for at least
one adventurous Ventrue, and New York's Gangrel maintain
havens across the region that serve as refuges en route to
Nassau County and Long Island.

The Bronx

The only part of New York to be part of the American
mainland, the Bronx was once a farming community that has
become the site of summer homes for the middle classes,
politicians and merchants in particular. A succession of
bridges and railway lines links the Bronx to Manhattan and
binds the two cities' fates. The New York Botanical Garden
opened in 1891 and is a favored destination of the well todo.
The garden was formerly part of the Camarilla Elysium butis
now solidly a Sabbat domain as Polonia seeks to cut off
Manhattan's links to the outside world. Sabbat war parties are
most active in the area near the Hudson River, monitoring
overland access to Upper Manhattan. (The railways have
thus far escaped party attention, though.) Polonia himself
resides in the Bronx, his haven on the edge of the Van
Cortland Park, site of a Revolutionary War skirmish. Despite
the Sabbat prevalence in the area and in Upper Manhattan,
Wellesley encourages newcomers to explore the Bronx as a
means of probing Sabbat positions. Few take up the chal-
lenge, and even fewer survive, but the testing allows the Dux
Bellorum to identify Sabbat weaknesses and forces the enemy
to be somewhat on the defensive.

Richmond (Staten Island)

Separated from the rest of New York by a long ferry ride,
Richmond is scarcely more than a rural community witha
population of only 65,000. It has a very low immigrant
habitation, despite the presence of quarantine stations and
homes for elderly sailors and orphans. Richmond has been
spared the growing pains experienced by the rest of the city.
It's ostensibly part of the Camarilla domain, but no Kindred
reside there ona permanent basis. Unbeknownst to Wellesley,
Polonia has called on his bishops to bring Richmond under
Sabbat control. Any effort to establish domains or havens on
the island lead to confrontations with the Sabbat.


— i |

Ellis and Bledsoe's Islands

Although not boroughs in their own right, Ellis and
Bere' Islandare distinct and important parts of New York
Ellis Island was initially a fort and powder magazine. Since
1892 it has been the site of America's main immigration
hey curivals undergo processing here) their health
dl possessions checked before they're allowed entry into the
country. Of course, the rich circumvented most of these
festrictions and usually disembark in Manhattan. A fire in the
summer of 1897 destroys all immigration records stored here.

Dedicated by President Grover Cleveland in 1886, the
Massive statue on Bledsoe's (now Liberty) Island is synony-
mous with both New York and the United States. The
150-foot-tall statue stands atop a pedestal of similar height in
the former Fort Wood and may be climbed to its torch or
crown by those of sufficient endurance.

Gangs

Street gangs are an integral part of New York's history,
involved in many of the city's major events such as the Draft
Riots of the Civil War. The 1890s are no exception, and
much of Lower Manhattan falls under the sway of a plethora
of gangs, some small, others virtual armies. Many work hand-
in-hand with political authorities. Tammany Hall is
inextricably linked with several gangs, for example, and
others are occasional pawns of local politicians, used to

VICTOMUAN AGT VAMC TTS

Transportation

While lacking the refinements of London or Paris,
New York rapidly gains a reputation asa center of modem
transportation. Noisy elevated train lines (Els) crisscross
the city and allow rapid travel up and down Manhattan's
long axis. Brooklyn, the Bronx and Queens have their own
El systems. More widespread are streetcars, running along
rails and pulled by buried cables.

The most recent addition to New York's transporta-
tion system is the automobile, with vehicles produced by
more than 50 companies. In the Victorian Age, automo-
biles are expensive and largely custom made — the mass
produced Model T of Henry Ford will not appear until
1908. Their use is largely restricted to entertainment by the
wealthy. Yet, New York has the distinction of being home
to the first automobile accident in 1896.

intimidate opponents and voters. Still other gangs serve their
own agendas. Constant conflict between gangs provides
cover for the Sabbat-Camarilla conflict. Some "gangs" are
comprised solely of vampires staking out territory for their
factions.

And yet, the Bowery has become a caricature of its former
self, its lowlife vice and corruption becoming geared toward
"slumming" uptowners. In gang territory, even those not di-

rectly involved in confrontations can play a role. Women and

All

f

/ wiley
By /4

il,
4 y
ey typ

Gy
Me

ACT Il: FORTUNES ABROAD


4
f 4k q

children throw rocks and trash at members of rival groups, a
practice known as "Irish confetti."

Many gangs accept "contracts" with outsiders — some
even have established rates— and the mobs are prime territory
for Kindred influence. Characters can establish themselves as
"patrons" of such groups, buying their services with money and
favorsas needed, orcan take a more direct role in directing their

actions. Ghoul agents within a gang are a long-term means of
influence, though this approach may place different vampires in
competition with each other, each seeking to exploit the same
group with vying pawns. There may be room for negotiation and
compromise if competing Kindred belong to the same sect. In
most cases the result is bitter and bloody infighting within the
gang. Characters may stir up trouble in gangs influenced by
rivals, disrupting leadership from the shadows.

The most notable gangs of the period, together with their
territories and leaders, are as follows.

* The Five Pointers: Lead by Paul Kelly (AKA Paul
Vaccarelli), this 1500-member gang dominates the territory
between Broadway, the Bowery, 14th Street and City Hall
Park. It meets at the New Brighton Dance Hall on Great
Jones Street and is involved in a wide range of criminal
activities, including the manufacture and sale of weapons and
thieving tools. The Five Pointers nominally fall under the
domain of Wellesley's lieutenant, Alicia Durant, although
her grip on the sprawling gang is tenuous and she faces stiff
competition from Turlev's Sabbat who seek to secure the
Manhattan end of the Brooklyn Bridge.

* The Eastmans: Named for their leader, Monk Eastman
(AKA Edward Osterman), this gang feuds with the Five
Pointers over boundaries — the Bowery, 14th Street and the
East River. The Eastmans call upon 1200 members and are
both ruthless and efficient, with members filing reports on
their activities. Turlev's ghoul agents operate within the
Eastmans, but fight amongst themselves and with agents of
Ecaterina.

* Gophers: The smallest of the major gangs with only
500 members, the Gophers have a reputation as unparalleled
fighters. Named for their habit of hiding in basements, the
gang dominates the Hell's Kitchen area — 7th to 11th
Avenues, and 14th Street to 42nd Street. Their "headquar-
ters" is on Battle Row (39th Street between 10th and 11th
Avenues). They frequently clash with the police and excel as
brawlers and muggers. The Gophers have numerous subordi-
nate gangs such as the Gorillas, the Rhodes Gang and the
Battle Row Ladies Social and Athletic Club (AKA The Lady
Gophers). Several Gopher senior members are ghouls of
Bishop Ecaterina, and they influence the gang to advance the
Sabbat agenda. Furthermore, the gang's abodes serve as
havens for Sabbat war parties in Lower Manhattan.

© Hudson Dusters: Dominating the west side of Man-
hattan between the Battery and 14th Street, and from the
Hudson River to Broadway, the Dusters stand aloof from
many of the gang conflicts that wrack Manhattan. They

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

concentrate on thievery, drug trade and self-publicity. They,
do, however, fight the Marginals and Pearl Buttons fo
control of the Hudson River docks (the last manipulated by
the Ventrue antitribu Thomas Albee as a means of increasing
his sway over the docks). The Dusters' leaders are Kid Yorke,
Circular Jack and Goo Goo Knox, though there is no overall.
commander. Nor is there a single headquarters for the gang
The Ventrue antitribu Douglas Callihan wields considerable
influence over the Dusters and uses them as his own private
army when the need arises.

Drelude —
Ship of Fools

For characters journeying from England to the United
States, steamship from Liverpool to New York is the most
common means. It'salso possible that characters couldentervia
another port, such as Boston, and then make their way overland:
tothecity. The followingscene assumes that characters takethe.
direct route and do so with the assistance of their sires. Consult
the "Alternative Arrivals" sidebar if characters insist on other
forms or routes of travel, and their own means of undertaking
ihejoumey)

The journey from Liverpool to New York via Queenstown
in Cork takes approximately six days. The vessel taken —the
Cunard Steamship Company's Campania—is one of the fastest,
Characters with sire assistance are presented to agents of the
Prince of Liverpool (who oversees Kindred passage through the
port). These proxies arrange accommodation forthe characters,
Ventrue get first-class cabins, as do characters of on
status — most likely Toreador and Tremere. "Lesser" Ki
(Malkavians, Gangrel and the like) aren't as fortunate, being,
found accommodation in steerage or (in the case of Nosferatu)
inthe ship's hold. Agents of Liverpool oversee those in first class,
forthe journey, catering to guests' needs and explainingdaytime
absences. Those on the lower decks have to look out for thei
own interests, but Liverpool's agents still keep a watchful eye
out, offering "advice" to Kindred traveling to the New World,

Many people suffer seasickness and take to their beds for
the voyage; characters' absence during the day arouses few
c y sely, first-class travelers out for an evening
stroll around the deck can interact with various kine, building
relationships with New Yorkers that may serve as the basis for
domains.

The journey may be short enough for characters to abstain
from feeding. Before boarding, Liverpool's agents wam agains
any attempt to do so except in the gravest of emergencies. The
Campania is too small for attacks, injuries or deaths to be
concealed easily. The first obstacle to feeding is privacy. Unles
characters lure victims to their cabins, vampires are unlikely to
be able to drink without attracting notice. The second pitfall is"


QVOMAY SIVALON 1 LV

‘ueyp aiow st apy ‘aperanbseyy snoraad s1ayp Aq pasodun surens
-u09 ay INO Suputod apy wayp Surjoaoid ‘uoneuroyur
Sttp (AIM sioqDeTeYD aup speos pure ‘uoHeTYZe Jo Ue] sty apry Or
Hoye OU sayeul 3H] (‘peasnqua used sey ay YOIYM yal asessour
ayp Suyaatap "eas ye IYSTU Ase] TOYA UO Weyp sossouppe pue
UMOP sIaIDBIeYD ot syoeI ARjsoreX ‘preoquo uoHoe Aue ayeI
you op Aatp jf) "aureu Aq watp Sutssarppe a10jaq ded sty syop pue
Apuesoure sia9j ay ‘eypeures ap Suaqunosua uodn pue ‘apry
01209 ou soxfeU 9} ‘aSessauU e JAAHOp oI UORUANE sa}seTeYD
ays EME OF sypes ApaAatade adstUMIZ] AY] "(UOReULOFUT stp
JO.291NOs au MOU JOU saop AE]sorEA YBNoyp ‘Saqry sewoY | 02
passed sey Arsuiny uoReULoyUT 03 squeyi) saimuapt! sey pue
sroqoereyp ayp jo smouy Apeagye ap "(drys atp Surpmoud auo Apuo
up Say ang) vrundum> oyp preoge Burjaaen eqqes [eIDAIs JO
QUO s} OYA ABjsose { poureU adstuNIz | B19ej UT stILd]Nd ay
syeypene Joy Aynuap! o3 spurt sumo1A at OUT BuPyOo]
Jo suvaur B sapiaoid Aupedajay ayy ‘feuou! e jo rey Woy
qounsip st ardurea v jo eme ayy ~xadsmy yar yozeas natp auOY
UeD sIIDeIVYD) ‘UONUANE a]qeIOpIsUOD SMEIP Os[e MOJAq UAOP
siasusssed , pap sadn, Aue jo aouasaud oy "a]geyreae own
ay UT 941984003 sIaIDeIEYD 10} preoquo ajdood AueuI oor Ajdunts
aye a19U |, ‘swudjno Aue yeaaaa 03 Ajay!TUN st uoneAlasgo auep
"UN *(PJOY 4p Ul poyeaouoo auOAUe puke) siaduassed ade19aIs
9Y? 0} ang Uday ABUT UONUANe SIaIDeIeYD ay | "sondurea aq 02
Wades SUON "Wotp ouTWeXxa 03 pasn aq Aew Xadsny puke ‘OU sz0p
OYM puke JUSUTYsayer [eULIOU jo sayeued OYM smoys siaduas

-sed ssejo-aaddn Surasasqo Jo sinoy [eIBAIG "WOYA J2A0DsIp 02

quny e sueau ey | "It Auap squase s joodiaar] ysnoys — preoge

sated JaYIO aye asap yep yadsns ssaqoerey oy]

"(298 otp Jo JUSDOUUT s} aY JI U9Aa) Sutpaa} 19901 JO suBIs smoys
Oya JaaSeIeYD Aue UO s]fey AjjeNIeU UOrIdsNg *syDaP JAMO]
dy? UO JAAR awWoOs JI ApeNSHed SeNe ay Jo JoyOUR duo
aadsns dew Aay | {ssapjeu Os siaDeIeYD oy jo Aue ary ;WOYR
Aq ang ‘ssh ot 02 a{qns uaaq sey ays eYp UORsaNb apa]
S} ax9y] |, "suearOy Jay A]qeioU ‘Apog Joy UO SUIOd snoleA Ie
spunom aimound dures are sudis Sure ysow ayp ang "ene
S,WUD1A aU Jo ssouZeaM atp sMoys Xadsny "apeanbseyy ay JO
W99UOD 91131] YIM Leap Jo YULIg ay O2 poutesp A|ssajared pue
‘JPss94 B se pasn Uaaq sey ays Ie sMOYs — UBWOM YsLT pase
-oypprure.
{uu9] Gord snorpisut aiour e azayp st 10 ‘Burpaay udseq siaqdeTeYD
aup Jo auO sey ‘Yeauqano auINuAs e siup s] "yaRap pure BUIOD ‘QITIq
-Isuasut Aq paaoyjoy Isittp asuarut pure sduress ‘aunssaid pooyq
Mo] ‘998) UAvep v ‘uPys AuTUTE]D puk pjoo:uodn pay u99q sey oY
JeuOUL k jo ssoyp 03 Je[TUNS are swOIduAs s,eIa]OYD Jo AURY "asa
-tadxo yeo1powr Suraey jo asuaiaid atp uo sdeyiad ‘aresiisaaut
Aeur sraiseseyd ay 3O "IYstu ase] ay aUN peasy e year
JOU Op siuaAa Yo preayuN you are syeaIqino Yong ‘ssousNq
yA mnoge O83 pue sou ayp JNodsIp AeuT sHaIDeIeYD ay]
"sioBuassed afeiays oy Suowre exa]oYD aq Abu aay J :soIE|NDID
smou SuAuom Gysu Yo} ayp jo sinoy 29M ay Uy

WIA eXa}OYD,, 9yIJO UONeUTUeXd asopD AU

"sypap ssepo
-paltp ayp Ur Surpooy sour sasned tp skep pry pue puoras
dy? UO WHOIS k s} SuIssoID yp Jo wed Ajrea ay UT JUaAe aIqQeI

-ou Aquo aup ‘peapuy ‘saouatiedxe quazayip AraA Oat ‘38819318
pue ssejo asily Udaaieq ads are Aoup jt Arejnoiazed ‘sia 2eIey>
ay UO JUAWAUTZUOD jo ssaupIemyMe ayp dn Aejg "AND ap JO
sse]uapun arp siasuassed adesoais pur ‘Aauout pjo atp siaquly
ap awepey ‘Aououl mau ayp SuTuasaidas Joyysnep sty ue
POIUOYW OX MAN Jo son1]od pue suonsLy ayp o} UORONponUE
apuad e say "preoquo yuawWaUyUOD Nay) SuLMp a8[npur ed)
SiaqeIeYP aU YTYM UT SaHTANDIe M9} ay} Jo ouO st stasuaSsEd
JoyIO YIM asinoosip ‘paapuy "Mojaq Ys] oy YA BUT
-uinjs, UdA2 sdeysad 40 saajasuiatp on Surdaay 90, MAN JO
so]ea Sureay pu siasuassed sayo yim Suyjsur — ay 998 A9ip)
se sqysiu aarp asny aup puads Aeu siajoereyp ayy "Burssou AED |
"sey-e-pue-aay Sururewal ay suisaq pur Bas 07 ano sind Wat
JPssea at] "SyDap Ar‘ojaq paaioys AjaeipawUNT are IY? OBIE JO
saxog pur [eur otp tpi Buoye ‘o19yp preog siaBuassed affeiaals
sii jo Auk Y0- Ur UMosUaaN?) Ie AYa!Ig SyDOp pur Bag YSU]
ayp ssorse din yysiusaAo ayp sayeur vrundums ayp ‘foodsaAry
ye siaBuassed you sy jo AWofew ay) uO SuPer ayy

SSOUYIG OY],

*(preoquaAo uMOIT PUR PTD)
Ajayz] asou) Jo pasodsip,, aq pjnoys Aayp ‘Surpaay Jaye |jaaiun!
Sutag Jo suas Moys sunt Aue pjnoyg "Moyaq siosuassed sot
4o drys atp jo Surunuesenb ayp o2 pea] prod yory a ‘pourLUexd:
2q 01 Ajayt] Q10W are ‘snowAUOUe YBnoy? ‘sieBuassed Je)
~AVAIG *SSE]D JMO] aD Aq pazayns suoHoadsut [eoIpau snosoall:
aup paseds aze oym pure ‘ayeaiad (oyU} pain] 40) ul pazoqUNOgUa)
9q 02 AJayH] AOU YOY aue OY sIaBUassed ssep>-IsI4 01 NON
Hayp iuNser Ady ‘paay asnus siaiDeFeYD JI Jey Puar
squase soodiaary "se asagtueu 0} Wass Avw BuIpaa} YIyA
~DaJUT JO asvasip Jo suBis Aue Joy [NYYDIEM are PUR s|PALE MOLT

"s1va Ise] Sty
Ul PHOA\ MAN 242 JO sIOPUOM ay? das 01 BUT]aAT 199P
-Typae ysig pourey ($9) uorso, Eq] y p107
"peo aynjosqe
uy ‘uauiom Suno4 jo saidnuz09 pue s9jquied "sore
-noads sneuisueyp e (17) Uappesapy Maupuly JIS!
"yanos ayqisuayeidaa pue ysidaud e ‘prem pue uospueld
saaqul yy ap auepeyy ‘(p]) 2OD sion] ssisey
"J0} spuras ay []e PUB SOIUOYY 518922p OYA
auuadop surse ue ‘(1 /) Jarury\ ap adeg aurepeyy,
"JUDWOAOW JOgL] ay
YA sul-und snossurnu pey sey OyM aIeUseUI peorel
B pur Jaype} s,ApI99_ ‘(gp) POMC MaIpUTy JaIsT
-uopuoy ul
uoseas B Jaye YO MEN 02 SurUINIAI Apu; ABUOW-MaT
B Jo JoYysnep aareu sup ‘() 1) sorUOWy Ap2a_ ss
sapnyour qesaquT ABU"
Siaq9eIeYD ay2 WOYM UpIA advAOA dy? UO sa|qeION,

gpRyOD

echt ores sae

HoH


Alternative Arrivals

While the Liverpool-New York line isthe easiest route
from England to the United States, it'snot the only option.
Characters may travel directly from other ports (such as
Bristol or Glasgow) to New York without changing the
events that occur en route. If characters opt to head toa
different port — say, Boston or Baltimore — they are
unlikely to encounter Yaroslav on the boat. They may,
however, benefit from the expertise of local princes and the
information of fellow travelers in the same manner as
traveling via Liverpool. They just have to make their own
way from their point of entry to New York.

While overland travel by carriage is possible, the train
offers the easiest and most secure means into the city, either
as regular passengers or as "freight." Of all the ways into the
city, the route into Grand Central Terminal poses the least

chance of interference from the Sabbat. You may, however,
still have Yaroslav issue his warning to the characterson the
train journey to the city.

The riskiest proposition is for characters to arrive by
carriage or wagon. They are unlikely to receive a "friendly"
warning from Yaroslav, but may fall foul of Sabbat war
parties who attempt to send newcomers to Final Death.
Sabbat under Ecaterina watch traffic heading into New
York from the north, and while they can't catch every
member of the Camarilla sneaking in overland, they have
an uncanny success rate (thanks to their use of Feral
Whispers to employ the local animal population as spies)
The characters are less likely to be caught if they travel
incommunicado, hidden in boxes or the like, though doing
so ishardly an auspicious start to their unlives in NewYork
Ventrue might perceive it as a weakness, as could those
already in the enclave.

willing to fight if they attack him, and does not hold back. Are
the characters willing to break the Masquerade and reveal their
presence to passengers simply to take this Tzimisce down? He
believes the characters will hold back and he decries them as
lily-livered, cowed by precedent and the opinions of others.
Thatis why, he states, the Camarilla will lose the war. They lack
the spine tostand up to the Sabbat, letalone their own masters:

"You see, we knew you were coming. We know who you are
and why you are going to New York. We know how weak Wellesley
is, and why he must send to England for help. But we also know that
you are young and misled by those who style themselves your betters,
So, we offeryouachoice. Youcan join thatnest of fools and share their
fate or you can move onward with the blessing of the magnanimous
Cardinal Polonia. Either way, tell Wellesley that we will see his ashes
and those of his lackeys spread across the East River."

If the characters fight Yaroslav, they more than likely win

but face a disaster of horrendous proportions as their battle rages

before the ship's kine. Can they kill the entire company to
preserve the Masquerade? If they try, Liverpool's agents do not


APIA

help in any way. If the characters don't fight, Yaroslav departs
alter delivering his messages, heading into the bowels of the
ship, taking a convoluted path until the characters lose track of
him or are forced to abandon their pursuit by the approaching
dawn. Ifthe characters donot pursue Yaroslav, there is no repeat
‘ofthe "cholera" incident and the remainder of the voyage passes
without incident. Yaroslav is not present at Ellis Island or
Manhattan. He leaves the ship in the same manner he arrived
—concealed in a box, together with other hidden Sabbat.

Yaroslav

Yaroslav is a 10th-generation Tzimisce with the following
statistics: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Wits 3, Alertness
4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Firearms 3, Potence 3, Vicissitude 4, anda
blood pool of 13. He carries a Colt "Peacemaker" (see p. 173 of
Victorian Age Companion).

Bcene 1 —
Arrivals and
Omissions

The Campania arrives in New York late in the evening on
thesixth day, docking first at Ellis Island and then at Pier 40 on
the Hudson. Steerage passengers depart at Ellis, undergoing
medical exams and immigration controls, while the upper
classes fill out routine paperwork before completing their jour-
ney into the city. If some characters travel via steerage (or as
cargo), they need tomake arrangements with Liverpool's people
to remain aboard or must make their own way from Ellis to
Manhattan (including, if they are so inclined, swimming the
mile or so across the bay, which takes around an hour).

fillis Island

The biggest challenge facing characters who depart the
Campania here is avoiding immigration and health checks.
Any documents the characters have may be valid, but it's
unlikely that a vampire willingly undergoes — let alone,
passes — health checks. (Disciplines such as Obfuscate and
Dominate can be used to escape the formalities, as can
sufficient stealth and cunning — rolls are made at difficulty
7.) Characters who arrive at Ellis (or any other point of entry)
without the assistance of Liverpool's agents have to circum-
vent the entry process on their own and make subsequent
travel arrangements.

Liverpool's employees smooth the passage of first-class
passengers and handle the requisite paperwork, but the char-
acters must still present themselves in the Registry Room.
The agents assure them that special provisions exist for
"people of their position." Indeed, no sooner do they arrive in
the imposing wooden structure (the present red-brick build-
ing is not built until 1900) than they are swept toa side room,

WET FAR) Loy
ostensibly to deal with the paperwork, but in reality to be
handed into the care of the local Camarilla.

An aged and well-presented man with a distinct English
accent — a ghoul for those who examine his aura — intro-
duces himself as William Samuels, an agent of Joseph
Wellesley, the administrator of New York. Samuels is very
solicitous toward the characters and assures that he will "take
care of things." He asks a few questions — port of embarka-
tion, expected stay in America, names as Wellesley or their
sponsor would know them. Samuels assures the coterie that
this information will go no further than Wellesley and is
solely to prevent infiltration by "antagonistic" agents. If the
characters ask about their passage on the Campania, Samuels
assures that Cunard's records will be amended to conceal
their passing (something the characters may try to arrange for
themselves if they travel independently). With that, he
ushers them out of the chamber and back into the hands of the
Liverpool agents, who escort the characters back on board the
steamship. Less than two hours later, the ship slips its moor-
ings and journeys the last mile to Manhattan.

Manhattan

The huge vessel docks at the foot of Clarkson Street as
night begins to wane. The agents hurry the characters into
waiting, darkened carriages that quickly rattle uptown. These
transports are sent by Aimery. Characters who dare to look out
en route see the waking city — its traders, vagabonds and
streetwalkers; its Elevated trains and omnibuses; the rough area
down by the river quickly giving way to the gentility of mid-
town. When they arrive at their destination, a dark imposing
building south of Central Park, their drivers bustle them inside.
Dawn isnot far off. The arrivals are shown to aseries of darkened
rooms in the heart of the building. They may sleep there while
thestaffattends to theirluggage. Any questionscan be answered
the following night.

Characters arriving in New York unaccompanied need to
make their own way to Aimery's house (their sires may have
given them his address). They can use one of the many cabs that
meet arriving ships (and trains). Drivers have no difficulty
finding the manor. Those who arrive overland in their own
wagons or carriages may have a more difficult time finding the
house unless they are familiar with New York. They also run the
risk of straying into the rough districts of the city.

When the characters awake, their luggage has been brought
in and unpacked, with clothes appropriate to a formal occasion
laid out. Such clothes may be provided if a character doesn't
already own them. Furthermore, the staff brings news that the
master awaits in the parlor at the guests' convenience. Descend-
ing the stairs of the old building reveals details not readily
apparent in the rush of the previous dawn. There are numerous
Old World artifacts — suits of armor, swords. The décor is
distinctly outmoded, at best dating from the American Civil
War but most likely from an earlier vintage. The building is cold
and imposing, reminiscent of the gloomy castles of Europe.

ACT Il: FORTUNES ABROAD


16

The parlor contrasts with the rest of the house. It's warm,
well lit and fitted with the latest conveniences, including
electric lighting and — likely to the characters' amazement, as
such things are rare in England — a telephone. A tall, gaunt
figure stands by the room's single large bookcase, browsing
through a book, his old-fashioned clothes an odd juxtaposition
to the room. The characters are unlikely to have ever encoun-
tered Aimery de Methuin before, but they should know his
name and perhaps some of his reputation.

Aimery's reaction is cool but polite as he welcomes the
vampires to New York. He peruses any letters of introduction
before inviting them to sit. Non-Ventrue in the group receive
acursory nod and "welcome," but Aimery seems disinterested in
them and focuses on any Ventrue. He inquires after their sires
with slightly forced politeness. This behavior may seem odd to
thecharacters, particularly as he is their" sponsor' in the city. He
goes on to explain that while he has had differences with the
Prince of York and his entourage (he does notuse the traditional
term of "baron"), he has a certain fondness for the city and is
honored by his former associates' request for aid. "Without the
Ethic of Succor," he explains, "I would have stumbled upon my
arrival in the New World. Instead, I found clanmates willing to
aid me to gain my footing." Aimery considers sponsoring the
characters his opportunity to return the favor, or so he says. He
refers to the arrangement as a second agoge for the characters, an
initiation into the politics and practices of New York.

Aimery inquires after the journey and seems amused by any
account of Yaroslav. He explains that the Sabbat has staged
similar stunts in the past, provoking Kindred travelers to action
or (quite literally) getting away with murder. It may have been
acoincidence that Sabbat and Camarilla were traveling aboard
the same ship, but Yaroslav's knowledge of the characters
implies that someone leaked their plans. Aimery suggests as
much if the characters don't say it themselves. "Have you told

Aimery and the Telephone
If the characters ask after the telephone in Aimery's
library, the elder takes pleasure in explaining how it works.

(Young characters who are in touch with modern society
recognize that Aimery himself is not entirely comfortable or
familiar with the device, only seeming to revel in the ability
to speak to someone miles away.) Indeed, if the characters
don't ask about it, he points it out and loosely explains how
it works. To Aimery, it's a tool that gives him an edge over
his rivals, allowing him to communicate quickly and easily
with allies and associates. He believes — and he explains at
length if given the chance — that this device will help him
establish his position in the city, reacting quickly and
decisively. Others may not regard the device in the same
manner. While it speeds communication, it's no substitute
for personal contact. It's just a status symbol and a possible
hint that Aimery craves power but doesn't really possess it.

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

anyone you shouldn't about the voyage?" he asks forcibly,
"Would your sires reveal this information?"

That Yaroslav delivered a message from Polonia
that the leak was in New York, and that the characters
become unwitting pawns in the "game," as Aimery calls it. He
offers to look into the situation on their behalf. Wellesley will'
surely want tofind the underlying cause of the matter. (Aimery§
true motivation here isn't altruistic. He wants to conceal his
own role in the leak. He shared word of the characters' arrival
with Thomas Albee to demonstrate his commitment to the
Sabbat.)

If the ship docked at Ellis Island, Aimery suggests that an'
investigation into Yaroslav could begin with Samuels, the
Camarilla's agent at the immigration center. Wellesley's pawn
knows of vampire comings and goings at the port. "That is,
however, a task for another time," he announces, "as we havea
prior engagement."

ecHie 7
Drestation

Dark carriages appear again to whisk the group across
town, this time to the elegance of "Millionaires Row" on 5th
Avenue. Hidden behind the glitter of an old-money soirée,
the administrator of New York hosts a gathering of New
York's Camarilla elite. Everyone in attendance is immacu
lately dressed, even those whose raiment is illusory, such as
that of the three Nosferatu lurking in the corner of the dining
room. A dozen Kindred attend the function, a substantial:
proportion of the city's Camarilla. (More than Manhattan
might support were allowances not made for the Sabbat
threat.) An equal number of ghouls and assistants are here as
well, but the focus of the night is clearly the tall figure of
Joseph Wellesley. Aimery strides into the room as if he is lord
of the domain, blatantly ignoring other guests.

With little preamble, Aimery butts into Wellesley's
conversation with three others: a tall black man, a stem-
looking European woman with red hair, anda tall, dark-haired
woman who is dressed in European finery but is of Amerindian
heritage. "Newcomers to see you, Wellesley," Aimery states
gruffly, locking eyes with the nominal prince. Wellesley
seems unphased; a smile tugs at the corners of his mouth.
"Well, bring them forward, Mister Methuin," his civility is
obvious compared to Aimery's barely concealed disdain.

Aimery waves each of the characters forward in tum,
naming them and their sires. Wellesley shakes the hand of
any male Kindred and kisses the any ladies' hands, welcoming
each. He asks why they have come to New York and what
they feel they can offer to the beleaguered enclave. "We
cannot tolerate freeloaders," he states pointedly, glancing at
Aimery as he does. "Nor those who think only of their own
interests. Support the Camarilla and you will reap the re-


e
au} BRED ATAL LS te
. Fail to do so and you dishonor not only yourselves, but
sires. Cause harm and you will answer to me or Lady
Catherine. Understand?"

Once this is done, Wellesley addresses the crowd. "To-
day, in addition to our usual business, we welcome cousins
‘fromthe Old World who have decided to chance their futures
in this, the New World and our war against the Sabbat. I
welcome them as brothers and sisters and call upon all of us
to welcome them."

With that, Wellesley introduces the characters to his
companions. The black man is a Brujah by the name of
"Aloisius Cahill. The redhead is Alicia Durant, a Ventrue.
Both are muscular and ever watchful; Wellesley calls them his
"lieutenants." He introduces the Amerindian woman as
Eleanor Van Hasen, the head of the city's Tremere. He also
identifies the leader of the sewer rats in the corner as Augustin,
who, together with his childe Calebros and their fellow
Radcliffe, serve as the Camarilla's eyes and ears throughout
the Five Boroughs. Before Wellesley can identify any of the
‘other Kindred present, something catches his eye and he begs
their pardon before heading to the entrance to speak to an
attendant. "She arrives," Van Hasen says cryptically, her eyes
following Wellesley.

Before any of the characters can ask what Eleanor
means, a tall blonde woman glides into the room. Although
dressed in modern fashion and appearing every bit the
Victorian lady, her manner suggests royalty and power.
Wellesley bows to her, as do the other guests, though none
as effusively as Aimery, whose cocky edge vanishes. "Lady
Catherine," he almost simpers as he sketches a florid bow.
Catherine ignores him and approaches Wellesley, offering
her hand.

She fixes the characters with a steely glare. "Our guests,
Joseph?"

"Our kin from York, my lady," Aimery states, interject-
ing in an effort to gain attention. He starts to name the
characters' sires, but is cut short.

"I know who they are, Aimery," Catherine states
coolly, gliding toward the coterie. She holds out a hand for
each to kiss, calmly gauging their reaction. "Your sires take
great risk in sending you to us." Her voice is measured. "But
then I recall when they were young and impetuous. One
word of advice for you: Never assume our enemy is stupid.
Yes, they believe that power lies in strength, but they are
old and cunning. Ecaterina and Polonia are worthy adver-
saties, players of a game in which they control most of the
board and can make new pawns almost at will. Be careful
not to play by their rules." She asks briefly after the
characters' sires, and after a few minutes, Wellesley asks if
she can speak privately. The characters are left to mingle
with the other guests. Throughout this time, Aimery's eyes
remain locked on the woman, a look of petulance coming
over him when Wellesley departs with Catherine.

SLB 015 G

Small Talk

The guests at Wellesley's party offer up a host of
information and advice. You may mention any or all of
the following in characters' conversations:

© Catherine once ruled New York directly but in
recent years has distanced herself from the city, residing
in Albany. Her reasons for moving are unclear.

 Aimery feels that he should be prince and resents
Wellesley's position as Catherine's agent. The charac-
ters shouldn't rely on Aimery too much.

* Catherine is old and knew Aimery when both
lived in England long before America's discovery. Her
name then was Katla, but she Anglicized it following her
relocation. The characters may have heard stories of her
from their sires or other elders in Europe. (The players, of
course, know exactly who she is.)

© The Sabbat fight amongst themselves for control
of the Eastmans gang, which might provide an opening
for daring Kindred.

* The Nosferatu Radcliffe with Teeth maintains
regular contact with Sabbat Nosferatu, but remains a
close confidant of Wellesley.

* The local Setites work for anyone who can pay
their price.

¢ Anarchs in the city have love for neither the
Sabbat nor the Camarilla, but make deals to advance
their own positions.

Cahill, Durant and Van Hasen engage the characters in
pleasantries fora little while and can provide the characters with
insights into local Kindred and New York. If the characters don't
doso oftheir own accord, Durantsuggests that they mingle."Such
gatherings are rare and such opportunities shouldn't be wasted."
If the characters bring up the matter of Yaroslav and a possible
informant in the Camarilla, Wellesley or his lieutenants seem
surprised but say little, no one committing to help the characters
nor revealing what they might know of the situation.

ecene 7 —
Burning Time

While returning from Wellesley's gathering or back at
the house, Aimery brings the characters' attention back to
William Samuels. He is the only lead they have on the local
leak, other than Wellesley and Catherine who might have
other, private information. Aimery assures that the two elders
are beyond reach, though, which leaves Samuels. He could
inform the characters of vampire comings and goings, and
give the characters insights into Yaroslav or who might have
known about the newcomers' journey. According to Aimery,

ACT Il FORTUNES ABROAD


Samuels resides almost permanently on Ellis Island, where
even the Trinity struggles to gain information. If the charac-
ters are to investigate their discovery further, they can travel
to the island and talk to Samuels. Aimery offers to provide a
boat and helpers if needed, but does not aid the characters
directly.

Ellis Island Redux

Returning to Ellis Island — the characters either making
their own way or with Aimery's assistance — is not difficult.
Immigrants are asleep in the middle of the night and only a
handful of mortal guards patrol the complex. The Hudson
stops people escaping the island and the authorities have
little reason to fear people sneaking onto the island. If intrud-
ers do encounter any guards, each has the following statistics:
Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Perception 2, Wits 1,
Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Firearms 2 and Willpower 4,
and each carries a truncheon and an army revolver.

Provided they do nothing stupid (like talking loudly or
using firearms), characters with at least one dot of Stealth can
avoid guards and reach the immigration center. Entering the
records hall requires a Perception + Security total of 3 or
more. Once in the hall, the characters may turn on the main
gaslights (although doing so likely attracts guards) or they
may work using the small oil lanterns that dot the site.

Samuels is probably asleep on a cot ina back office. He
rents an apartment but spends most of his waking and
sleeping hours at work. If the characters have met him
before, he recognizes them and is polite, but unless they
have spoken to Wellesley beforehand and obtained his
permission to interview him, the man is cool and uncoop-
erative. He claims that information on who enters and
leaves the city is a matter for the Dux Bellorum. At best,
he assures the group that he has not leaked information
about their arrival (the veracity of which is evident from
his aura). Nor is he aware of who Yaroslav is, who else
might have known about the characters' journey, or who
else might have been aboard the ship. Ultimately, Samuels
does not allow the characters access to his records or to
those of mortal immigrants.

Native Sons

Ifthe characters did not arrive in New York aboard the
Campania, theirrationale for visiting Ellis Island may still be
the same: the need to talk to Samuels as a first step toward
identifying who has betrayed their arrival. The agent can
have information on traveling vampires no matter the
transport they use. Alternatively, Aimery might call on the
characters to act as intermediaries with Samuels concern-
ing the arrival of "other Kindred" whose actions need
covering up. Aimery tells the truth when he says this,
though not completely, which becomes apparent later.

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

élitie

UCT PAR) fey

If the vampires have secured Wellesley's authority (or
convince Samuels that they have), he confesses that only
three local Kindred should have known of their coming:
Wellesley, Catherine and Aimery. He points out that any of
them might have told others, Kindred or mortal associates,
He assumes the Trinity — Augustin and his gang — knew
too. If they want to dig deeper, he suggests that the characters
deal with Augustin (if they haven't done so already). If
anything of note happens in New York, the Nosferatu know
of it and Samuels has heard that their influence spans face
tional lines.

Any effort to intimidate (or torture) Samuels draws
Wellesley's ire. Punishment ranges from political isolationfor
threatening Samuels to a blood hunt if the characters try to
kill him (but he escapes to report).

Searching the Records

The characters may search Ellis Islands' records for more
clues, whether the files are maintained by Samuels or the
mortal authorities. Samuels is loath to allow this without
Wellesley's authority. He doesn't prevent the characters from
searching without permission, knowing he lacks the strength
to do that, so promises Wellesley's retribution.

Finding Samuels' records on the characters' arrival is
relatively easy if they win his cooperation. Even without his
assistance, a cursory search of his office uncovers the docue
ments. They're in code (Intelligence + Enigmas, difficulty 9,
todecipher without Samuel's help). The records containonly
the information provided to Samuels, the identity of their
sponsor (Aimery), and who was notified of their arrival
(Aimery and Wellesley). In short, there's little here that aids
the characters' investigation. Nothing is mentioned of
Yaroslav, and no other vampires seem to have traveled
through Ellis in weeks.

The characters may also wish to search the mortal
records of the Campania, which is a somewhat more challeng-
ing proposition. There are thousands of files in the immigration
center. (In one day in 1907, 11,750 people will pass through'
the facility.) It requires an extended, teamwork Perception +
Investigation role (difficulty 8, 6 with Samuels' help). Twenty
successes are required. Each roll represents one hour of
searching. The difficulty rises to 9 if the characters are careful
(ie., they re-pack boxes).

An obstacle is posed in this task: time (the characters
have about five hours, assuming they start the search an
hour or so after sunset) and the sheer volume of un-indexed
records to sift through. The only way they can carry out the
task successfully in the available time is to be brutal and not
care about the state in which they leave documents. Assum-
ing the characters do find the relevant Campania records,
they discover little of interest in the passenger manifest. A
close examination of the cargo manifest might be more
enlightening. Thomas Albee (whom the newcomers or
Samuels may have heard of as a Ventrue antitribu) or one of


is
\Yy

My

bal

his mortal agents is the consignee for six boxes loaded at
Queenstown. What ishe shipping into the city? Equipment?
More Sabbat? The characters may put the pieces together
and realize that this is how Yaroslav and perhaps other
vampires traveled to New York

The Fire

Whether they search the records and realize what
is buried there or not, the characters have only one
chance to examine the information at Ellis Island.
Shortly after their visit, a fire breaks out that con-
sumes the entire complex. Officially, the fire is labeled
an accident, but the characters may suspect arson. Is
the timing a coincidence or is it linked to their visit?
With whom have they discussed their search and
shouldn't have? Is someone trying to cover their tracks
— or incriminate them?

The fire is actually set by the Sabbat, tipped off by
Aimery. (The s

up, and the characters' interest in the site isenough to prompt

t wants the arrival of its vampires covered
Polonia to have the place destroyed.) Alternatively, the
characters could set the fire themselves as means of hiding
their actions — in particular if they kill Samuels and need to
dispose of the body. Risks are posed if the characters set the
fire. The most immediate is dealing with the Red Fear during
the conflagration, but if their presence on Ellis becomes
known, Wellesley may accuse them of endangering (or break-
ing) the Masquerade.

Ocene 4+
First Blood

About a month after the Ellis Island incident time
undoubtedly spent by the characters establishing themselves —
Aimery calls upon them. Their sense of respect for elders may
compel them to see him, as might the debt owed him for
fostering their arrival. If neither of these pressures works, he
hints at information that may be of use to them in further
entrenching themselves. To outward appearances, he doesn't
want to impose, but he does beg their assistance in a matter that
causes him grief. To emphasize any obligation that the charac-
ters may feel toward Aimery, his call may interfere with or
interrupt their own efforts to win domain, position or wealth.
They have tostop what they're doing to help him. Ventrue duty

supercedes Ventrue ambition... for now.

Part of Aimery's influence extends over the cramped
Grand Central Terminal, built by Cornelius Vanderbilt in
1871. In recent weeks, another vampire seems to have been
hunting in this part of his domain. The elder has been unable to
identify the culprit and lacks the time to find the offender. He
could call upon the prince for assistance, but that would be an
intrusion, so he the coterie for help. (The characters, of
course, may recognize the request as its own form of intrusion —
and weakness.) Do they grant this favor? If he has promised

them information for their help, he offers to keep them in-

ACT IL FORTUNES ABROAD


formed of any major comings and goings through the station.
That might give them insight into rivals' activities. In truth,
Aimery doesn't plan to tell the characters anything given the
identity of his "spy" in the station.

This is nota difficult task, just a time-consuming one. The
culprit is Yvette Krupinski, the Toreador Embraced and then
abandoned by Tamoszius Kuszleika. Her sire gave her little
education in the ways of the Kindred. Over the handful of years
since her Embrace, she has eked out an existence in Manhattan,
hunting whereverand wheneversheneedsto. Although Aimery
claims she is a "trespasser," she did in fact reach an agreement
with her, trading information for the right to feed. Yvette is not,
however, the most reliable informant and rarely remembers to
report about the Kindred or agents she observes. She has broken
her side of the deal by not communicating with Aimery, butnot
out of malice. Of course, malice is exactly what Aimery has in
mind in setting the characters on Yvette.

Finding the intruder isn't difficult. She lingers in out-of-
the-way corners of the terminal by night, reliving the crimes of
her past. By day, she takes shelter in the tunnels. Confronting
the girl with her infractions may present the characters with an
interesting quandary. She protests accusations, claiming that
she and Aimery had a deal amid her other ramblings. Are the
characters hard-hearted enough to persecute this "innocent"? If
they bully her, she flees to another part of Manhattan. Or do
they attempt to educate her? The latter is by far the hardest
option, but may provide the characters with an ally whose
knowledge of the city streets is matched only by her insanity.

Sorting through the details of the encounter suggests that
Aimery uses the characters to solve his problems. He doesn't
want to dirty his own hands by dealing with Yvette, probably
realizing that his deal with her is more ofa liability than an asset.
Indeed, if questioned about the arrangement he claims, "I
assumed her silence meant that she had moved on," and that,
"She didn't keep her end of the bargain, why should 1?"

In truth, Aimery's association with the Sabbat makes
Yvette a problem. The Sabbat have long sought oversight over
the rail routes into the city. Although Yvette cares little for
politics, her presence at Grand Central might reveal Aimery's
connections to the enemy. Best that the problem is dealt with,
and by hands other than his own. Yvette doesn't recognize
Sabbat involvement in any scheme, but if asked about the
Cainites on whom she has reported to Aimery, she mentions a
handful of anonymousundead and lingers overone: atall, veiled
woman whose description matches Bishop Ecaterina. If the
characters check with Wellesley or his lieutenants, they learn
thatnosuch reporthas been made. Since thestation is Aimery's
domain, reporting the information would have been his duty.
Apparently Aimery forgot or is covering up the Sabbat's pas-
sage.

Dothe characters go to Wellesley with this information? If
so, he denies equating the "veiled woman" to Ecaterina, putting
itall down to the ramblings of a deranged girl. Or the characters
could keep the knowledge to themselves and watch what

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

mi

DEL) PER) Ley

If They Say No

If the characters refuse to help Aimery in this task, he
storms away, muttering about "ungrateful whelps." Two
nights later when the characters rise, telegrams await from
their sires who are "disheartened by this lack of decorum in
dealing with elders." Even if the characters' sires were bitter
foes of Aimery back in York, he isstill Ventrue and deserves
respect. The characters' refusal reflects badly on their sires,
whosuggest that the coterie should apologize to Aimery and
assist him. If they still refuse, decorum goes out the window
and the characters face the consequences of ignoring Ventrue
protocol. Rumors soon circulate throughout the city —
spread by Aimery — that the characters do not honor their
betters or fellow Ventrue, and that they are concerned only
with their own position, not that of the clan or Camarilla.

Aimery does. This is one of his steps on the road to joining the
Sabbat, though the direction of his path is not yet apparent.

It's also possible that the characters ask why Aimery
doesn't deal with Yvette himself. The obvious answer — and
the one he gives if challenged — is that hunting down a street
urchin is beneath his station. He would rather the coterie acted
on his behalf. In truth, that's likely a Blue Blood approach to the
problem.

Yvette herself is not yet important to the fate of New York
in the Gilded Age, but the coterie's actions are. If the characters
drive Yvette off, find her other hunting grounds or try to teach
her about her undead nature, Aimery wins. She is no longera
spy at Grand Central Terminal and he can secretly hand over
control of the station to the Sabbat.

Yvette is a 10th-generation Toreador with the following
statistics: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Wits 2, Perfor
mance (Violin) 4, Survival (Urban) 4, Auspex 2, Celerity 2,a
blood pool of 13 and a Willpower of 3. She is unarmed.

Scene 5
Building Bridges

Nights after resolving the situation at Grand Central
Terminal, Aimery calls on the coterie to join him at asuiteof
the Waldorf-Astoria on 34th Street. Provided they dress
appropriately and do not cause a ruckus, the characters have
no trouble entering the hotel. Some of the staff is under the
influence of the city's prominent Toreador, who maintain a
series of rooms for "special clients." Aimery has rented one
such suite for several weeks while his own staff carries out
work on his haven near Central Park.

If the characters helped Aimery in the previous scene, he
claims to be impressed by their diligence and dedication, so


much so that he wonders if they might help him with another

matter. If they did not assist him with Yvette (or did so under

duress), he appears to be magnanimous and offers them a
"second chance to prove their loyalty to the Ventrue.

This time, he seeks help with another of the city
powerful Kindred, a Ventrue named Douglas Callihan, who
"eschews the traditional power structure" (a polite phrase for
him being that most unusual form of Ventrue, an anarch).
Aimery neglects to mention that Callihan is actually antitribu
{although the characters may already know this, along with
Callihan's former ties to the Sabbat). Thanks to his one-time
position in Tammany Hall, Callihan wields formidable po-
litical power and competes with Joseph Wellesley fordominion
‘over New York's Democrats. If the coterie has had any
dealings with the city's gangs, they may already have encoun-
tered some of Callihan's cronies. His haven is located in the
Dusters' territory, and several senior gang members are under
hisinfluence. They have notall met Callihan himself, though.

Aimery states that he has had unfortunate run-ins with
Callihan in the past and therefore requires their services as
neutral intermediaries for negotiation. He wants to secure
Callihan's political support for a candidate in the upcoming
city election in exchange for a stabilization of some domain
borders. As incentive for the characters, Aimery states that
should they secure any more concessions from Callihan, they
can keep them. If the characters hesitate, he sweetens the pot
more, perhaps offering to grant part or all of the contested
domain (part of the city docks) in exchange for winning
Callihan's support. Aimery seems fixated on the idea of
installing his own political candidate (but still with the
characters' and Callihan's assistance).

Aimery thinks this political move is a means to bolster-
ing his power base, gaining influence in the city's mortal
politics as the unification of the boroughs approaches. He also
seeks to establish Callihan as an associate if not a full ally.
Aimery is prepared to barter away domains under nominal
personal and Camarilla influence to win the anarch's support.
To accomplish all this, Aimery needs to repair the damage
done by his earlier heavy-handed attempts to dislodge
Callihan. The characters' role as middlemen is intended to
placate Callihan so that he doesn't refuse the deal outright.
Aimery provides a letter to be delivered to Callihan, but
authorizes the characters to "negotiate as needed."

Aimery and Callihan compete over the Hudson River
docks. Callihan dominates much of the area through the

In exchange for prea a candidate of

my choosing in the city legislature, J, Aimery
thuin, will do all in my power to ensure the

docks between 10th Street and 25th on the
Audson River go uncontested.

Aimery de Methuin

Dusters and other agents. The remainder is under Aimery's
tenuous influence. But the docks as a whole are threat-
ened by Sabbat-manipulated gangs such as the Marginals
and by Wellesley's immigration authorities. Aimery of-
fers to defend Callihan's claim, saying that he will ask
Wellesley to leave Callihan in place as a buffer against
the Sabbat. In return, Aimery wants to exploit Callihan's
Tammany Hall connections. He's willing to negotiate
what exactly constitutes Callihan's claim on the Hudson.
Callihan wants all of the docks, but Aimery suggests that
the area between 10th and 25th Streets should be the
boss'. Callihan wants active assistance against Sabbat
incursions (which Aimery will not provide, though mem-
bers of the coterie are free to volunteer their own services).
Itshould be noted that nowhere does Aimery specifically
pledge the Camarilla to recognizing Callihan's domain
—a deliberate omission.

Callihan is easy to find by those who know where to
look. Daring to enter Dusters territory soon puts charac-
ters face to face with gang members. None of them know
what Calihan really is, of course, but they know enough
to be afraid of him; he's in charge, no questions asked.
Characters who insist on being taken to Callihan quickly
get their way if the coterie suggests that "the boss will be
upset" if they're not. Word is sent ahead to the anarch
and he prepares to receive the characters in a remote
warehouse.

Callihan is not a typical Venture. He doesn't adhere
to any of the clan conventions and addresses the charac-
ters in a familiar and aggressive manner. He doesn't call
them "Mister X" or "Miss Y," but simply by their surnames
and doesn't hesitate to interrupt and talk over them. His
leadership isn't a question based on what the characters
see of his Hudson domain, but he eschews established
social mores, making him a very unusual clan member. If
questioned, he demonstrates that he does know accepted
etiquette. He j
society. If the characters are so gauche as to inquire after
Callihan's sire — and he certainly probes them for details
on theirs — he spits and denounces "that rat bastard
Albee." The characters may be aware of Thomas Albee
from the episode on Ellis Island. They may have also
learned that Albee is Callihan's main Sabbat opponent in
the shadow war for the docks. Any suggestion that the
characters are opposed to Albee counts in their favor with
Callihan. Promises of aid against the Sabbat Ventrue are a
sure way of winning the anarch's temporary allegiance.

t ignores it, just as he does Ventrue

If the characters facilitate an accord between Aimery
and Callihan, the former is pleased and extols their virtues.
Despite what he said previously, however, he is jealous of
any additional concessions they acquire for themselves. If
noaccord is reached, Aimery isreserved but inwardly no less
pleased. The characters continue to act as his pawns in
Cainite circles and may yet facilitate his "great victory."

ACT I FORTUNES ABROAD


mx WA

Va

44

Nights after the meeting with Callihan, events in the city
take a turn for the worse as the Sabbat stages a series of attacks
on the Camarilla heartland of Manhattan. The characters go
about their own business when they hear reports that the
premises of one of their interests is on fire. If they approach the
site, the characters are attacked (individually or en masse
depending on their circumstances) by a number of vampires
they have never seen before. The attackers are weak and have
little grasp of their Disciplines, but are confident — overconfi-
dent. The aggressors probably have little hope of winning a
fight, though they may keep characters occupied for a while.

Indeed, the characters may wonder why such paltry forces
engage them. A miscalculation? A distraction? A warning? And
why now? The Camarillaisno weaker than it was before, sohave
the Sabbat received reinforcements? The characters may al
teady know the answer if they have investigated Ellis Island —
Sabbat vampires have been "imported!" into the city. Perhaps
many have been brought in over time.

If the characters do not investigate the first fire, they
teceive a succession of reports about blazes across the city. Most
sites are not connected to the characters, but a few fall under
their domain.

These attacks are staged by imported and newly Embraced:
Sabbat, intended to sow confusion and draw attention away
from the main objectives: Wall Street and the city's Tremere.
The repercussions of both main attacks are learned of as the
night progresses.

Diversionary attacks are targeted specifically at the charac-
ters' interests by information provided by Aimery. The characters'
ties to Aimery mean that the attacks on them are half-hearted,
though (the elder Ventrue has told the Sabbat that the charac-
ters are his pawns and should be spared the worst). And yet,
complacency in responding can mean the loss of these holdings,

The Incursion

Characters with access to a telephone get a call about the
fire(s). Others are visited by a mortal agent. Word spreads
quickly among the Kindred. The Sabbat focus on Camarilla
holdings under cover of a mortal gang war. Several prominent
Kindred might also be missing, feared engaged by the Sabbat.
Among them are Eleanor Van Hasen, Aloisius Cahill and
Aimery. Wellesley has called for every available Kindred to
come to the sect's defense. The characters are free to respond as
they please. Characters with vulnerable domains may try to
protect them, or may ally with other Camarilla to protect
certain locales, such as Wall Street. Do the characters answer
the call immediately or do they wait a while to see how events
pan out? A cold and clinical — and perhaps typically Ventrue


T VAv

ee) eT PEN) IS)

—approach is to look for rewards in the attack. "If I wait, will
the Sabbat destroy my rivals before I destroy them?"

The Sabbat have two distinct advantages in this raid:
They outnumber Camarilla defenders (despite attackers be-
ing young), and they have no care for any Masquerade.
Camarilla vampires may make an effort to conceal their
powers, but Wellesley recognizes the limits on such endeav-
ors. He doesn't punish any characters who can justify their
actions in the nights that follow. Using Disciplines overtly to
take down a Sabbat vampire is permissible. Dominating a
crowd of mortals and using them to take down the Cainite is
not. Characters with media (and related) influence find their
services needed as the Camarilla conceals events later.

About an hour before dawn, the attacks diminish as the
invaders withdraw to their havens. The characters may do
likewise, but before they get too far they become aware of a
Major commotion. A pack of between six and a dozen
vampires harries an individual, who in turn actively engages
histormentors. It's Aimery, clearly injured but defiant. If the
characters move to aid him, the war party withdraws after
losing a member or two, cursing as it goes.

The pack leader is Yaroslav, who targets the characters
directly. This time the coterie probably has no compunction
about fighting him. (The characters may even seek to capture
him to extract information about events on their journey.)
Yaroslav has no intention of being captured. If he can't
escape, he fights to the bitter end. Captured, Yaroslav can
reveal little more than the characters already know — that he
and a handful of other Sabbat were carried aboard the
‘Campania as cargo. He can't identify the informant in the
Camarilla, though he believes it's someone in Wellesley's
innercircle. He has looked for the characters since and hoped
that he might run into them this night to finish the fight he
picked.

Aimery is bloody (most of it not his own) but seems
energetic, almost hyperactive, his eyes gleaming. If the char-
acters examine him with Auspex, they see his aura is shot
through with black. He has committed diablerie at some
point during the night. He acknowledges his "indiscretion" if
confronted, but answers that feeding on Sabbat isn't an
offense. Under the circumstances of the attack, the charac-
ters should realize that Aimery is unlikely to be punished.

Ultimately, there is little time for chitchat. With dawn
approaching, the characters must return to their havens (if
any survived the arson attacks) or find temporary refuge.

Bitter Victory

The night after the Sabbat incursion, Wellesley sum-
mons a number of Kindred (including the characters) to the
same 5th Avenue venue where they were presented to him.
Heapplauds their efforts on the Camarilla's behalf (or berates
their inaction, depending on their choices and whether word
of them could have spread). The characters learn of the

casualties of the attack. "Known" elders such as Aimery and
Alicia Durant seem to have been targeted by whole packs.
Aimery and Alicia prevailed, but Aloisius Cahill is missing,
presumed to have met Final Death or having been driven into
torpor. Eleanor Van Hasen, Manhattan's senior Tremere, is
believed destroyed, slain in her lair near the Astor Library,
allegedly by Bishop Ecaterina herself. The Camarilla enclave
has weathered the attack, but the long-term repercussions are
distressing.

Unbeknownst to Wellesley and the characters, rumors of
Ecaterina's involvement are just that, rumors. The true cul-
prit was Aimery, who diablerized Van Hasen after gaining
access to her hayen on the pretense of delivering news about
the attack. Characters somehow in possession of Necro-
mancy (or who can persuade Donatello Giovanni to aid an
investigation, perhaps proposing a deal similar to any made
with Callihan) may be able to uncover some discrepancies in
Aimery's story. Perhaps they summon a ghost who witnessed
the slaying. As Van Hasen was diablerized, her soul cannot be
summoned via Necromancy. That absence, combined with
Aimery's diablerie, may bea clue to investigators. There were
no mortal or Kindred witnesses to the attack.

Sabbat Licks

Each of the Sabbat neonates fought by the characters is
a 12th-generation Tzimisce with the following statistics:
Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Wits 2, Alertness 3, Brawl
4, Dodge 3, Firearms 3, Potence 2, Vicissitude 2, and a blood
pool of 12. Each carries a club and knife, though about half
also wield army pistols.

ocene 7 —
The Devil's Den

Weeks pass after the Sabbat assault and the city appears to
return to its usual routine. The enclave mourns the loss of Eleanor
Van Hasen,acomerstonein thecity'sdefense. Herdeputy, Comelius
Eckhart, rises to the head of the chantry, but as a European-bor
Tremere he seems to lack Eleanor's affinity for the city and its
inhabitants. Wellesley reminds the Kindred to be vigilant — the
enemy clearly knew precisely where Eleanor and other notables
laired. He privately wams that not only may Sabbatagents be active
in the city, probing for weaknesses, but some Camarilla members
may try to exploit the situation. General suspicion falls on the
Nosferatu, whose contacts with their Sabbat counterparts are an
opensecret. (Wellesleyrefusestobelieveany wrongdoingof Augustin
and his brood.) As newcomers, characters might also come under
suspicion, unless they've comported themselves well. They may
have proved aggressive in the attack or were complacent. The
characters may be concerned about public opinion or may disregard
it. Afterall, the incursion destroyed a few Kindred. Former domains
are up for grabs, and whoever claims them wields real power.

ACT I: FORTUNES ABROAD


AT2L 458 38

The city's independents take on greater significance in
this period of phony war. The characters already know
Callihan and may seek further deals with him. They may also
turn to Donatello Giovanni in the aftermath of Scene 6.
Other Camarilla advocate making alliances with indepen-
dents to hold off the Sabbat, or they simply approach the
neutrals to shore up their individual defenses.

Mixed Messages

Now ensconced back in his own mansion, Aimery once
more calls on the characters for assistance. Since the Sabbat
incursion, some Kindred have tested the domains of rivals (and
allies) in search of newly developed weaknesses. Now that
word of his victimization has spread, Aimery's scattered influ-
ences have been threatened by anarchs, Sabbat and even some
Camarilla. He feels it's time to make his position clear, to "push
back." He could do so himself — and has in some cases, in his
own ineffectual way — but he needs to make a significant
impression. Thus, he requests the characters' aid. He calls on
them to "deal with" his rivals, offering any territory or prizes
that they gain. Several individuals threaten Aimery and he'd
like to see them "brought into line" or replaced with allies.

Aimery's plan to use the characters as "muscle" does not
improve his position as much as he expects. While it demon-

Aimery's List

Aimery provides the characters with a number of
"targets" in the upper-midtown area surrounding his do-
main. Most are neutrals or Sabbat-controlled, but some
are fellow Camarilla members. The characters may decide
whom they visit, intimidate, pressure or assault, with
varying results.

¢ A Lasombra lairs somewhere near St. Thomas'
Church (east 53rd Street) and preys upon the upper-crust
congregation. Whoever controls St. Thomas' (regardless
of Wellesley'sproscription against influencing the church)
has a hold over the moneyed families of 5th Avenue.

© A feral Kindred — presumably a Gangrel — roams
Blackwell Island in the East River. He appears to stand
aloof from the factional conflict. Could he be persuaded
to take a more active role?

¢ The tenements along the East River, in particular
around Sutton Place, seem to be the focus of numerous
unsavory dealings such as prostitution and drug dealing,
allunder the influence of the Setite Lenore. Her influence
this close to the "heart" of genteel society is a threat.
Perhaps she could be persuaded to turn her attention

elsewhere (see "The Serpent's Den,"

* A Ventrue neonate has installed himself in newly
built mansions on 51st Street, assuming the role of a
reclusive aristocrat and preying on his neighbors. Aimery
claims some of this interloper's victims are part of his herd
and he wishes to discourage the newcomer.

below).

Tit Ver RUE GHRONLE

strates his ability to rally others to his cause, it demonstrates
personal weakness. He himself doesn't make the rounds, or his
own point. So who has the real power? Aimery's mindset is
distinctly feudal. He regards the characters' service as akin to
calling upon vassals to do their duty. To more modern minds, it's
a delegation of responsibility. Do the characters exploit the
opportunity at Aimery's expense? Can they afford not to?
There are few repercussions to "dealing" with anarch and
Sabbat figures — the characters may have been doing so for
some time now — but this may be their first effort to directly
counteract other Camarilla vampires. Do they "encourage"
domain incumbents to accept Aimery (or their) authority, or
do they seek to replace targets, perhaps earning Wellesley's
wrath? Or do the characters leave Camarilla domains alone,
forcing Aimery to contend with them himself? (The last
option infuriates Aimery, of course, making the characters
targets of his manipulation and abuse now more so than ever.)

The Serpent's Lair

Most of the targets provided by Aimery are straightfor-
ward, demanding persuasion or force for resolution. Lenore's
opium den is more problematic.

Characters who have sought dominion over the drug trade
may already be familiar with such locales (and with Lenore).
Most sites are on the Lower East Side, but some can be found
throughout the city. The Sutton Place establishment in particu-
lar has gained notoriety because of the range of drugs available
there. Rumors abound of something more potent than opium,
and of certain "physical pleasures" available to visitors. Some of
the mortal upper class already indulge themselves there.

Lenore herself presently oversees the establishment and
greets the coterie civilly if not warmly, listening to what they
have to say. She claims to "provide a service" and has no
intention of abandoning the den or of tolerating any outside
interference. That is, at least not without some form of recom-
pense. "I give people what they want," she explains. "I serve asa
facilitator of diverse interests, as Aimery and his lady know.
What do you offer me? What do you want?" Lenore is seductive
and beguiling, seeking to manipulate the characters rather than
be their victim. "Ask that bastard Aimery what he's willing to
exchange. Be back swiftly and we can all deal."

If the characters attempt to use force — nota wise course:
ina building full of drug-fueled lackeys and ghouls — Lenore
fights back. She's an 8th-generation Setite with the following
statistics: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2, Wits 3, Alert
ness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Firearms 2, Celerity 2, Obfuscate 3,
Presence 2, Serpentis 4, and a blood pool of 15. She's
unarmed. Aiding Lenore are a dozen ghouls, each with the
following statistics: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Wits
1, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Firearms 3, Potence 1. Ten
carry .44 single-action pistols while two wield 12-gauge
shotguns. The ghouls fight to the death while Lenore seeks to
escape if the battle goes against her.


VICTORIAN AGT VAMEINT Ss

ecene 8 —
Final Bid

Ir's late when the characters approach Aimery's man-
sion. The characters may pursue any form of business, perhaps
returning with word from Lenore or information on any
progress in their efforts to deal with his opponents. An
unfamiliar black carriage stands outside the home. The driver
sits, unblinking, and doesn't respond to questions. When
they ring the doorbell, a retainer answers and invites them in,
ushering them into a parlor — not the one in which they first

met Aimery. "The Master has guests," the ghoul explains,

"but he will be with you momentarily." Ten minutes later, the
characters hear voices in the hall outside. Aimery then opens
the parlor door and strolls in, surprisingly casual and ani-
mated, n lifted from his
shoulders. He stands in the doorway and looks the characters

"Well, out with it."

Regardless of what the characters have to say

as if some great weight has be

over.
Aimery
faughs and steps to one side to reveal his guest: a tall, graceful
woman dressed head to toe in black. She wears a veil that fails
to hide her piecing eyes. Nor does it contain her chestnut
hair, her one touch of color. Aimery pointedly does not
introduce her, but she speaks: "Soon you won't have to deal
withsuch problems, Aimery." She lifts her hand and he kisses

65

it. Not the chivalrous kiss of a gentleman to a lady, but that
of an obsequious vassal to his liege. Outside, two black-
One may be
recognizable from the Sabbat raid nights before. One could
even be Yaroslav.

dressed figures have emerged and wait

Finally, Aimery announces, "Good night, Lady Ecaterina."

Journey of the Damned

The characters — even the most decorous ladies — may

give oaths" at this scene, assuming that they hadn't already
guessed that Aimery was betraying the Camarilla. He turns
calmly to address them and makes no aggressive moves, but is
ready to act if the characters strike.

Aimery countersany physical violence with his formidable
Disciplines. Presence and Dominate are his first choices, but he
resorts to more physical powers if need be. If fighting does break
out, he is quickly joined by a half-dozen ghouls (use the same
stats as for Lenore's assistants, save that they have Dexterity 3
and Dodge 3). They defend their master but neither they nor
Aimery seem to want to cause lasting harm to the characters,
and take steps to calm the combatants.

In the meantime, Ecaterina departs in her coach with her
guards. Should the characters pursue her, Aimery comes to her
defense and seeks to delay the coterie.

If the characters do not attack Aimery (or ifhe survives the
assault and calms them down), he invites them to sit and listen,
referring to them as "my loyal companions." How the conver-

=
acini

ony


66

sation develops depends on the questions asked, but the follow-
ing points are likely.

* Is he truly dealing with the Sabbat? Yes, he has been
speaking to several of them, Ecaterina and Thomas Albee
among them. While such relations are a breach of the Masquer-
ade, they're hardly worthy of a blood hunt. If they were,
Augustin and his fellow Nosferatu would have met Final Death
long ago.

Is he Sabbat? Not in so many words. He's frustrated by
the Camarilla's denial of his power and potency. He believes
that the Sabbat will show him the respect he deserves

* Is he working with the Sabbat? "Bien sur." As he may
have said, they recognize power and offer him the opportunity
to realize his potential rather than elevating brats such as
Wellesley to the city's highest office.

* Was he involved with the slaying of the Tremere
Eleanor Van Hasen? Hesmiles."On thatone thing! bow tothe
old bastard of London town. The Warlocks are not to be trusted,
but they make fine dining." The characters may recall Aimery's
black-shot aura.

* What about his loyalty to Clan Ventrue? "Noblesse
oblige is supposed to run both ways." Catherine has overlooked
him and he has little compunction about dismissing her.

© Will he betray the city? That depends on the definition
of "betray." Will he unseat Wellesley and the Camarilla? Yes.
That's not, however, the same as betraying the city or its
Kindred. The Camarilla is already rotten, "manipulated by
arrogant elders like that bitch Katla" for their own ends and
even their masters'. He has met Mithras and knows how
inscrutable the most ancient Kindred are. He certainly does not
believe Wellesley has earned or warrants his current position.

© Will he stop them from telling Wellesley? "Why should
1? Youstand togain as much from thisas I do." He points out that
the characters could turn him in to Wellesley and get a pat on
the head, or they could work with him, exploiting the situation
to build their own standing.

© What if they do tell Wellesley? Aimery is confident that
nothing can stop his rise now, and feels generous. He suggests
that if they don't interfere he would owe thema major boon. He
has influence and knows things that would be useful. He'll give
it all to them, provided they don't turn him in.

© Or Catherine? "Who do you think gave me the idea to
forsake the Camarilla? She cares little for sects; she looks out for
herself. Katla sees how dangerous the situation here is and
follows her own path. Why do you think she stepped down from
power and retreated to the country, putting a puppet in her
place? Why shouldn't I do the same?"

There is actually more truth here than Aimery realizes.
Catherine really does care little for the Camarilla and sees
Aimery's planned defection sa test forher own possible change
of allegiance.

* Would he abandon his defection plans? If the characters
blackmail him, he'll profess undying loyalty to the Camarilla.

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

Public scrutiny directed against Aimery actually puts him ina
difficult position, though. If Ecaterina (or Polonia) hears of
Aimery's "protests of loyalty" to the Camarilla and ever believes
that he will renege on their deal, he fears that the Sabbat will
turn on him.

Aftermath

Ultimately, Aimery's scheming puts the characters in a
dangerous position. He leaves them to make their own decisions
without force or threats. His departure is almost complete, after
all. That, and he has cards of his own left to play.

If the characters accept his invitation to join the Sabbat,
they accompany him in a brutal induction ceremony (see pp.
41-42 of Guide to the Sabbat). They are also assigned "minders"
until their loyalty to their new sect is beyond question. Maybe
they try to join the Sabbat and spy for the Camarilla. A valiant
effort, butthe Vaulderie rites they undergo severely hamperany
such espionage, particularly as the characters' "minders" partici-
pate in the vinculum. Getting in is the easy part. iping is
where the fun is. The characters' association with weak-willed
Aimery doesn't count in their favor (particularly once Polonia
exhausts Aimery's somewhat limited knowledge of New York).
The coterie does have one major advantage if it joins the
Sabbat, however. Members are fully educated in their powers
rather than being foot soldiers created en masse for conflict in
the city. They could go far on their own merits, regardless of
Aimery.

The characters could try to interfere with Aimery's be-
trayal by one of several methods. They could inform Wellesley,
but as Aimery suggests, that earns them only praise, not real
power. The Dux Bellorum investigates their accusations and
maybe even acts on them, but has little more than thanks forthe
characters. Besides, the characters have publicly served Aimery
since their arrival. He can accuse them of complicity in his
betrayal. Alternatively, the characters could try to destroy
Aimery, but his Final Death would benefit them little, save in
creating a power vacuum that they might struggle to fill. Murder
also condemns the characters of a crime against the Camarilla.
After all, no one else in the sect knows of Aimery's alleged
offenses.

The third option—perhaps the riskiest but most profitable
— isto blackmail the elder, exploiting him as a combination of
captive resource and mentor. Actually, both sides might black-
mail each other (again, for appearances' sake the characters
aided Aimery's intrigue with the enemy). Coterie members
could use his existing influence to its full potential and perhaps
even expand on it in conjunction with their own, all of them
working together as feuding bedfellows. All participants could
profit from their mutual antipathy. And yet, Ecaterina and
Polonia would be angered if Aimery suddenly cheated on his
deal with them, and might seek to blackmail, disgrace or destroy
him on their own. If the Sabbat discover the characters'
involvement in Aimery's reversion, the coterie becomes a
target, too.


MO

Another course involves the characters being complicit in
Aimery's betrayal. They can pressure him to "ride the fence" for
as long as possible, using him to extract information from the
Sabbat and feed false information back. This "double agent"
strategy is dangerous. It could go wrong at any time, say when
false information is traced back to the coterie, when the
characters themselvesare fed false information, orwhen Aimery
arranges personal protection and goes over completely, plant-
ing evidence of the characters' involvement. Using Aimery as
adouble agent could win the characters personal gains, such as
knowledge of who will be targeted by the Sabbat next and how
their domains can be absorbed. Or Aimery could be used for the
benefit of the Camarilla, gaining information about the enemy
that preserves the standoff in the city.

A final possibility is the head-in-the-sand approach. The
characters feign ignorance of Aimery's plans, or move to an-
other city before matters become public. This tack probably
isn'thigh on the characters' list, butifthey can'tdig up much dirt
on Aimery or his blackmail leverage is stronger than theirs,
playing dumb may be the only option short of joining the
Sabbat. When Aimery changes sides, the characters have to
account for themselves and any seeming alliance between them
and their erstwhile patron. They can certainly claim to have
been "under orders" and merely honored theirelder by doing his
bidding, but such claims don't win the characters any esteem. In
fact, the characters humiliate themselves and their bloodlines,
proving that they lack the sense, insight and keen minds of
respectable Ventrue.

Ramifications

So, what happens after Aimery abandons the Camarilla or
the characters intercept or join him? A Camarilla enclave
survives in New York until the end of the 20th century (when
Polonia slays Prince Michaela).

The characters' actions in the Victorian Age can impact
thesize of that enclave, though. Aimery's betrayal (and possibly
that of the coterie) hastens a collapse, leading to Wellesley and
his successors overseeing a much-reduced bastion. Indeed, the
Camarilla barely maintains a hold on Manhattan. The charac-
ters are probably condemned as the "Betrayers of New York," a
stigma that's impossible to shake, no matter where they journey
or how much time passes. The character's legacy is that of a
"failed bloodline," the shame of their actions passed onto their
childer and grandchilder. The Camarilla doesn't trust them or
members of their lineage. Nor do other Ventrue accept the
lines, treating them as rogues and cutting them off from the
networks in which clan members operate. The characters'
childer have to prove themselves under any circumstances. The
"sins of the fathers," indeed. The characters' sires likewise suffer
for producing such treacherous progeny. Were the neonates
ever taught valuesand traditions? Was their Embrace a mistake?

If the characters persuade Aimery to remain outwardly
loyal to the Camarilla, they may be able to strengthen the sect's

ae

a AML

Pe Wg oR lly

position in New York, or at least prolong the status quo. While
not likely to be hailed as the "Saviors of New York," the
characters may win the respect of any peers who learn the truth
of how Aimery is handled. Certainly going public with Aimery's
intended betrayal, and the characters' arguable contribution to
it, isa dubious option. Ultimately, Catherine Trandor perceives
the reality of what has transpired. She encouraged Aimery to
change sides, and when it doesn't happen she quietly investi-
gates. She gains some respect for younger generations in New
York asa result. Wellesley and the characters have all impressed
her. That doesn't change her attitude toward the Camarilla,
however, or its vulnerability in New York and abroad. Catherine
smiles distantly upon the characters and their childer, opening
doors for them and occasionally testing their mettle. Yet that
favor carries responsibility with it. The characters and their
progeny are expected to perform superlatively in her eyes.

No matter whether the characters go to the Sabbat or
remain true to the Camarilla, Catherine watches them and their
childer. The bloodlines could help her join the Sabbat when the
time is right, or she could seek to parry their strikes if they try to
stop her betrayal. If the characters' efforts on behalf of the
Camarilla in New York are particularly productive, she may
even go elsewhere, biding her time till she's ready to cross over.
In some ways, she grooms the very opposition she faces in Act
3, creating a fitting challenge for herself when she's ready to
defect.

Major Characters

The following are the prominent players of this act. You
may revise their profiles as best suits the players' characters and
your vision of the ongoing chronicle.

Joseph Wellesley, Dux Bellorum

Background: Joseph Wellesley was born into an English
mercantile family in New York in the decades before the
Revolutionary War. He thus grew up with privilege and
power. He was a willing convert to the patriot banner and
took part in the Battle of Harlem Heights (fought roughly
between modern 96th and 110th Streets). His knowledge of
the city made him an ideal spy, relaying news of troop
movements and morale to the Continentals, and exploiting
his family connections. Eventually, he fell foul of a greedy
"friend." Captured in September, 1776, he received summary
justice and was hanged. The execution was botched and
Wellesley was left to choke to death, but not for long. His
activities had been observed by the warriors of another
conflict. As night fell, Wellesley was cut down and Embraced
into Clan Ventrue. His neck still bears the scar of his abortive
execution.

Wellesley had little time to adapt to his new circum-
stances, finding himself flung into another war, against which
the revolution was a mere skirmish. He learned that two
groups contested the night, the Camarilla that sought to hide

ACT IL FORTUNES ABROAD


VIC (' OL

BS Sows L5

in the shadows and the Sabbat that desired open dominance.
New York had for much of its history been under the control
of the latter, but the bolstering of British forces in the colonies
gave the Old World Ventrue an opportunity to strike back. In
the chaos of the mortal war, Wellesley, his sire and a coterie
of Kindred beat back their enemy and established a domain
that, while small, was a thorn in the side of the Sabbat.

As before, Wellesley quickly established himself as
spymaster, utilizing what remained of his mortal network.
By the early 1780s, Camarilla influence extended through-
out the southern half of Manhattan Island, and the shadow
war wound down along with the mortal conflict. The
Treaty of Paris saw the British withdraw from America,
and left the Camarilla in an awkward position. The ability
of the European Ventrue to support their colony was
sorely limited. While the Sabbat lacked the forces to eject
the invaders, the Camarilla barely had enough strength to
maintain its domain, at least if the Traditions were to be
upheld.

Wellesley's martial skill and political insight brought
him to the attention of Catherine Trandor, who sought a

young and dynamic warlord to oversee the long siege

against the Sabbat. Few questioned his appointment. His
ability outweighed his "youth" and few dared to challenge
Trandor, then the prince pro-tem of the city. When
Trandor chose to relocate to Albany in upstate New York,

THE VENTRUE CHRONICLE

eee)

placing herself outside the Sabbat cordon, she left
Wellesley in command of Manhattan, much to the cha-
grin of older Kindred.

Wellesley is well aware of Aimery's jealousy, but
hopes to exploit the elder vampire's power and prestige to
advance the Camarilla cause. Indeed, the plan already
seems to be burgeoning with the arrival of new Kindred
from the Fief of York. It remains to be seen if these
newcomers will aid the Camarilla's cause or merely
Aimery's.

Image: Wellesley is tall, clean-shaven and immacu-
lately presented as befits a gentleman of breeding in New
York. His manners are likewise impeccable and he always
dresses in the most elegant fashions of the period, com
plete with a high collar and necktie that hides his scar.
His demeanor is always formal and correct, his manners
unquestionable. Yet, emphasis on doing things the cor
rect way lends him a cold and aloof air that hinders
interactions with the "foot soldiers" in his war against the
Sabbat.

Roleplaying Hints: You constantly strive to give off
a presence of civility, all the while battling your inner
demons. Honor and status compel you to stay in New York
and defend the Camarilla's holdings. You are stoic, pledged
to defend New York to your last drop of blood.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Lord James

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1777 (born 1749)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength (Reserves of Strength) 5, Dexterity
(Swift) 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma (Genteel) 5, Manipulation (Per
suasive) 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception (Careful) 4, Intelligence (Ana-
lytical) 5, Wits (Ambushes) 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics (Dancing) 5, Brawl 3,
Dodge (Cover) 5, Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intimidation
(Pulling Rank) 6, Leadership (Military) 5, Streetwise (Gangs)
5, Subterfuge (Feigning Mortality) 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette (Business) 6, Firearms (Pis-
tols) 5, Melee (Sabre) 4, Ride (Races) 5, Security 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics (American Revolution) 3,
Enigmas (Code Breaking) 4, Finance (Accounting) 5,
Investigation (Shadowing) 4, Law (contracts) 5, Occult 3,
Politics (City) 5, Science 3

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Dominate 4, Fortitude 5, Po-
tence 4, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Herd 4*, Influence 4,
Resources 5, Retainers 3, Status 3


Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 5
Willpower: 6
* Wellesley feeds only from vessels whose families lived in
America before the Revolution.

Aimery Methuin

Background: In the 900 years since his Embrace, Aimery
has sought to extend his power but has met repeated setbacks.
The denial of his ambition has lead to a darkening of his
demeanor, and to anger at others who have "cost him what is
his by right." Spite and vindictiveness now temper his drive
and competitiveness, and he's likely to undertake endeavors
simply to spoil the plans of rivals.

After his failures to advance his position in York, he
sought to gain power elsewhere, at first joining the coalition
that fought Prince Mithras in the mid-13th century and then
playing an active (but ultimately unrewarding) role in the
War of the Roses in the 15th century. The last straw was the
English Civil War, which pitted Ventrue against Toreador,
further solidifying power in the hands of those who already
had it. Realizing that he would have little hope of success in
Europe, Aimery opted to take a great risk and hid himself
away among mortals voyaging to the New World.

Atfirst, he settled in Boston building up his power base,
but when the Ventrue's hold over the city collapsed in 1783,
he escaped the bloody purges that followed and moved south,
tesiding in Hartford for a decade, then Philadelphia, and
finally New York. His old acquaintance Katla Thrandottir —
Catherine Trandor as she now called herself — offered him
tefuge in "her" city, at first using him as a pawn and later as a
guinea pig for her own plans. Aimery thus found himself
under the authority of Ventrue who were not only his social
inferiors, but hundreds of years younger. In particular, he
tesented the young warlord Joseph Wellesley, whose position
Aimery felt should be his. After all, had he not been fighting
Christ's enemies before the end of the first millennium?

Wellesley claimed that Aimery had little comprehension of

modern tactics or the impact of firearms, but surely that was
just an excuse by the upstart to maintain power. Regardless,
Wellesley entwined himself with the Camarilla apparatus
and ensured that any attempt to unseat him would doom the
Camarilla domain in the city. Of course, that assumed plot-
ters cared about sect politics.

Image: Aimery's gaunt appearance fits well in the Victo-
tian Age, as does his martial demeanor. Still, his antiquated
manners, arrogance and outmoded fashion sense make him
stand out among both mortals and Kindred. He barely con-
ceals his disdain for the undead of New York and is openly
scornful of many, Wellesley in particular, whom he regards as
inferiors. His speech is crisp and distinctly English, but
occasionally his pronunciation hints of a foreign birth, espe-
cially when he's angry.

Roleplaying Hin
have done so repeatedly over the centuries. They fear that once

: They deny you your birthright and

you gain power their weaknesses will become apparent. The
Camarilla is the tool of those who keep you down. While you
once saw the benefits of the sect, now it's an albatross around
your neck, preventing you from reaching your full potential and
keeping fools in power. What should you care for its fate?

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Olivier

Nature: Pedagogue

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 950 (born 924)

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength (Iron Grip) 4, Dexterity (Lithe) 4,
Stamina (Determined) 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance (Digni-
fied) 4

Mental: Perception (Careful) 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness (Ambushes) 4, Athletics (Acrobatics)
6, Brawl (Wrestling) 5, Dodge (Sidestep) 5, Empathy 2, Intimi-
dation (Veiled Threats) 5, Leadership (Noble) 4, Streetwise
(Gangs) 4, Subterfuge (Impeccable Lies) 4

ACT Il: FORTUNES ABROAD


90

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette (Kindred Society) 4,
Firearms 3, Melee (Swords) 6, Ride (Mounted Combat) 6,
Security 3, Survival (Hunting) 4

Knowledges: Academics (History) 3, Enigmas 2, Finance
3, Investigation (Search) 5, Law (Contracts) 4, Occult (Kin-
dred Lore) 4, Politics (Camarilla) 4, Science 3

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Domi-
nate 4, Fortitude 4, Potence 3, Presence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Herd 3*, Influence 2,
Resources 3, Retainers 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 3

* Aimery feeds only on soldiers.

Ecaterina the Wise, Bishop of New York

7th generation, childe of Marhuel

Clan: Brujah

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Embrace: 1150 (born circa 1135)

Apparent Age: Mid-teens

Embraced after an attack by mercenaries in the employ
of Prague's oppressive Ventrue lord, Ecaterina quickly gained
power among the Kindred. She turned her formidable abili-

ties against the Ventrue prince. When that gambit failed, she
had little choice but to flee the city. She eventually threw her
lot in with the nascent Anarch Movement, seeking to under-
mine the rigid hierarchy of vampire society. When the
Camarilla formed, she pledged herself to the Sabbat, whose
openness and honesty about their condition appealed to her.
As the Camarilla extended its grip over Europe, Sabbat
domains dwindled and Ecaterina chose to abandon herhome-
land in favor of the New World. She was one of the first
immigrant Kindred in America, becoming the Bishop of New
Amsterdam in 1661. When the English Ventrue sought to
seize the new colonies for themselves, Ecaterina led the
defense. Although mortal authority passed to the English, she
rebuffed Camarilla pawns and the city — now called New
York — remained a Sabbat domain

In the years that followed, numerous challenges to her
authority arose, both from the Sabbat and Camarilla.
Ecaterina's fist challenge was her rival for bishop of the city,
the Tzimisce Otahyoni, against whom she fought for two
decades before the fleshcrafter's disappearance. Subsequent
challengers were generally less confrontational in their ap-
proach, preferring to muddy the political waters. The growth
of the city led to the establishment of multiple bishops, and
later an archbishop, to oversee their actions.

Ecaterina does not contest the establishment of multiple
domains —New York is huge — but is less appreciative of the
Sabbat's efforts to reduce her influence by making her subser-
vient to the younger (albeit talented) Polonia. She

acknowledges his capabilities as a politician and leader, but

feels that her experience would have made her a better

archbishop, particularly given Polonia's methods of "encour
aging" his subordinates by stirring up rivalries. In this modem
Sabbat, Ecaterina sees many of the political games that
turned her against the Camarilla half a millennium ago. In
particular, the elevation of Turley to the post of Bishop of
Brooklyn smacks of efforts to intrude on her power. Yet she is
unsure whether the architect of this plot is Polonia or some
hitherto unknown faction of the Sabbat. Indeed, only her
desire to shatter what little remains of the Camarilla in New
York keeps her faithful to the Sabbat. It's thus ironic that as
her own faith wavers, she has been assigned to bring over one
of the Camarilla whose own faith has collapsed.

Eleanor Van Hasen

9th generation, childe of Van Hasen

Clan: Tremere

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 1715 (Born 1650)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

When Dutch settlers founded New Amsterdam, they
purchased land from the local tribes, many of whom contin-
ued to live on Manhattan Island. Among the colonists wasa


Tremere named Van Hasen who found the Iroquois natives
fascinating, and who believed the Indians had links to magic
long forgotten by Europeans. He sought to learn their secrets
but found them incomprehensible. He realized that to truly

NALELIS s I

merge Thaumaturgy with local magic he would have to
Embrace one of the natives. Using an adult for this grand
experiment would be a major risk. He would be set in his ways
and loyal to the tribe rather than to the clan. Thus Van Hasen
adopted an intelligent young girl whom he named Eleanor,
educating her in European science and culture, while inviting
her to explore her mortal people's shamanic traditions.
Van Hasen allowed Eleanor to grow into womanhood
before making her a ghoul, but it was another two decades
before she was Embraced. The sire was pleased by Eleanor's
intelligence and ability with blood magic, but was disap-
pointed that she showed no unique insight into the art and
was no more potent than any of his other childer. She spent

another four decades in the chantry learning Thaumaturgy,

but as the English and French clashed for dominion over
northeastern America, the Tremere were drawn into the
conflict as peacemakers between the Toreador and Ventrue.
The two clans fought during the mortal struggle, despite the
growing threat of the Sabbat.

In the late-18th century, numerous Tzimisce assaults
targeted the Manhattan chantry but it withstood the
fleshcrafters' spite. Van Hasen wasn't so lucky. When he fell
to the Fiends' talons, Eleanor was elevated to leader of the
cabal, charged with fostering links to her fellow Camarilla in
New York and to Tremere elders in Vienna, the latter of
whom looked on the foreign regent with scorn.

Eleanor has a grudging respect for Wellesley — as much

Tremere can have for any Ventrue — but sees the hand

catherine Trandor in much of what he does. The Tremere
wonders how long the Camarilla hold on the city might last
were Trandor to withdraw completely.

ACT Il: FORTUNES ABROAD



For to win one hundred victories in one hundred
battles is not the height of skill. To subdue the enemy
without fighting is the supreme excellence

— Sun Tzu, The Art of War

Welcome to Savannah. Founded at the same time

Pas the colony of Georgia, and serving as state capital

until 1786, Savannah is true Southern Gothic. Set
Papart from the young, bustling metropolis of Atlanta,
Jold-money Savannah appears to be a wealthy and
Pcultured city with a strong connection to its past,
having the largest urban historic district in the coun-
try.

Until recently, Savannah was secondary to Atlanta to
the Camarilla's Kindred. Real power was held in the modern
Mate capital, and Savannah wasat best considered an Elysium
where Kindred could go to enjoy culture and discuss matters
"away from Atlanta's prying ears.

All of that changed in 1999.

Since Atlanta's fall to the Sabbat, Camarilla presence in
Georgia focuses on Savannah. During the Sabbat's east coast
campaign, Savannah was spared because other domains were
Considered more important. The leaders of the crusade be-
lieved, and rightly so, that the Kindred of Savannah would

not be able to threaten Atlanta, so they concentrated on

other cities. It seemed inevitable, however, that Savannah
would be subjected to Sabbat attention.

Then New York was taken by the Camarilla. The
ramifications of the successful Camarilla siege echoed
throughout undead society. Suddenly, Sabbat domi-
nance of the east coast was not absolute. The Ivory
Tower then looked to Savannah as a staging point for
retaking Atlanta, while the Sword of Caine focused on
securing its grip on states other than New York. Sa-
vannah has thus become a center of attention for the
feuding sects. And the characters of this chapter are
caught in the middle of it all.

Such "opportunity" offers. Ventrue characters a
chance to not only claim glory and reward for them-
selves, but to expand on the dignitas of their lines. As
(relatively) young Kindred, the characters can approach
the situation in Savannah with a fresh perspective and
hav chance to gain a great deal of influence and
status. As members of the preeminent clan in the
Camarilla, others likely look to Ventrue characters for
leadership — as long as they themselves are willing to

AcrIll: Sours Nits

93


step forward and claim it. Of course, with such oppor-
tunity comes the chance of spectacular failure, but
that's always the risk of a bold undertaking.

OVERVIEW

This act takes place in Savannah in the modern
nights. The characters are in the city to help prepare
for a siege on Atlanta, or because they see opportuni-
ties presented by the stagnant domain itself.

Although the Camarilla has aspirations for At-
lanta, the sect has spent little time preparing. This is
mainly due to the fact that Savannah and Atlanta are
not as prestigious as New York. After that prize was
won, the Camarilla was flushed with success. The
retaking of Atlanta seemed a logical next step. In
time, however, the realities of the New York siege
asserted themselves. Maintaining a hold on the city
had an enormous cost in manpower, money and time.
The campaign for Atlanta became little more than a
theory. In addition, many of the most prominent
Kindred involved in New York have little or no inter-
est in Savannah. While the plans to move against
Atlanta have not been scrapped, they're on the back
burner and it takes an exceptional event to get a siege
underway.

Given the Camarilla's lethargy, the Sabbat has
decided to move on Savannah. The city is the last
Camarilla stronghold in Georgia, and the Sabbat is
well aware of the city's strategic importance. It's a port
city with a population large enough to support a
number of vampires, at least for a while. Also, taking
Savannah will help prevent the Camarilla from doing
to Atlanta what it did to New York.

Chosen to spearhead the crusade on Savannah is a
Tzimisce named Jane Sims, a warlord who showed her
mettle in the east coast crusades. Sims has a number of
packs at her disposal, native Atlantan, nomad and
scout packs that she gathered during the Atlantic war.
She plans to sneak these groups into Savannah and
establish a base of operations. This is where the players'
characters come in. They hear rumors and gain infor-
mation suggesting that the Sabbat targets the city.
Savannah's prince and elders don't seem concerned
about a possible invasion, playing their own ongoing
games. So it falls to the characters, possibly along with
a few Kindred allies, to stop the Sabbat. Success wins
the characters and their lines prestige, or may erase
black marks carried by any lineage.

In the struggle to protect Savannah, some house-
cleaning also becomes necessary. Katla Thranddottir,
our Ventrue elder from Acts 1 and 2, has come to
Savannah to participate in the anticipated siege of
Atlanta. Longing for earlier nights when vampires

Tee Ventrur CHtonicue

94

were feudal lords and the Masquerade was an after:
thought, Katla's self-control and sense of reality slips
until she finally falls to Wassail, that state in which
the Beast reigns supreme and there is no Humanity
left. In her feral state, Katla threatens to not only
breach the Masquerade but also damage the chai
ters' areas of interest. In addition to this threat, she
contemplates shifting allegiance to the Sabbat in hi
few moments of relative lucidity, hoping to return to
the ways of her "youth." Katla must be stopped,
how to stop such a powerful being?

In the end, the characters' efforts against the'
Sabbat (directly by stopping an invasion and indi
rectly by denying the sect Katla) may pay off. The
characters might trick the enemy into believing that
Savannah is too strong to be taken. Such a victory mal
even wake the Camarilla and finally initiate the long
anticipated siege of Atlanta.

Despite this premise, this is not an action-packed
story. The plan is to stop the Sabbat before it come:
down to uzis and broadswords in the streets. To put it
in movie terms, this is more of a suspense-thriller than
an action-adventure. Certainly, there's room for fights
against Sabbat packs, but in the end it comes downto
how clever and conniving the characters are.

As such, timing and pacing is critical. The Sabbat
is in town to gather information for a raid and possibly
a full-blown crusade. Stopping scouts before they re-
turn to Atlanta with information is the stuff this act is
made of. It's also important that characters have op: |
portunities to contend with the Sabbat in ways othet |
than just physical. Using influence and contacts can |
shut down Sabbat efforts to establish a base in Savan- |
nah. And politics, business double-dealing and |
subterfuge all just happen to be the Ventrue purview, |

GETTINGSTARTED |

As in the other chapters, the characters here are
the childer of the previous act's characters (or sup- |
porting cast members). The current characters were |
likely Embraced in New York. Without a doubt, the |
most important event in the characters' existence thus |
far has been the battle for New York. Perhaps they
were even created to fight the war. Ghouls may have |
been "rewarded" with the Embrace with all the plan |
ning and plots going on. Another nasty option is that i
one or more of the characters are "Camarilla |
shovelheads" — cannon fodder created to be street
soldiers and never meant to survive. Or the characters |
can be decades old, trusted childer who were given |
important roles in the battle for the city.

Regardless of the characters' origins, the struggle was |
great opportunity for bloodlines to earn status and influence.

| While fighting on the front lines might have awarded char-
acters a reputation as powerful (and possibly insane) warriors,
that's not where real status lay. (Few Ventrue are frontline
fighters, anyway.) Coordinating forces, providing resources
‘oroverseeing the myriad operations needed to win New York
‘offered much more recognition. At the end of the siege,
‘characters may have proved surprisingly capable for their age,
teal up-and-comers. That assumes, of course, that they didn't
‘ail in their tasks, in which case their reputations are a
disadvantage in events to come.

Also, remember that elder Kindred are always
somewhat wary of the young who excel. If the charac-
ters did exceptionally well in New York, they are sure
to have some status, but are also watched closely and
may be the targets of strikes from elders who fear the
/competent newcomers. Such maneuvers are likely to
be social or influential in nature, to discredit the
characters with false rumors or to strike at their areas
of income or status. As Ventrue, characters always
walk a fine line between fulfilling their sires' expecta-
tions and being too good for their own good.

| If they remained in New York, the characters of
| Act 2 would already be well entrenched by the time of
the siege. Their contribution would be invaluable...
and rewarding. These characters are probably in posi-
[tions of power and influence. If the characters from
|Act 2 have established huge spheres of influence,
‘current characters may have been put in charge of
[parts of those empires. Or the battles may have de-
stroyed one or more of the previous characters. One
| option is to play the battle (see New York by Night for
| anight-to-night description of the siege) and let the
|dice fall where they may. You can also run the battle
freeform, letting the players make some tough deci-
sions with knowledge that the survival of their elder
characters is at stake. The death of a sire is wonderful
notivation for the characters of this chapter to really
hate the Sabbat. On the other hand, a lost sire means
that family and bloodline is interrupted. While one or
more dead sires means less support for the characters,
Wtalso means they have even more opportunities.
Childer no longer have a parent making demands or
Keeping them down (though grandsires might sud-
denly take more interest). Should one of the characters
from Act 2 meet Final Death or even just go into
torpor, her influence and resources are probably tar-
geted by rival vampires. Current characters can seek to
maintain the holdings of the lineage while other Kin-
dred, even other characters from Act 2, try to get a
piece of the pie.

Now, for events of this act to take place characters
need to journey to Savannah and take up residence
ter the battle for New York. Just how much time
Passes before the characters leave depends on their

95

— J

But WeDwn't!

The siege of New York figures prominently in
the foundation of this act, It's generally assumed
that the characters participated in the battles, or
that they were made as a result of the struggle. This
generalization is made not only because the char-
acters' sires aré most likely based in New York, or
because of the importance of the siege, but also
because the struggle is a great Opportunity to unite
the coterie and establish the characters. >=

We don't have to force that history on the
characters, though. They could have been else-
where or have been Embraced afterward (maybe to
compensate for childer lost in the battles). Yer,
given the importance of New York, not only to the
Kindred of the city but also to the Camarilla as.a
whole (to say nothing of the Sabbat), a good deal
of explanation is required if the characters were
not involved. They might have attended to
grandsires in Europe, perhaps on a mission or as
part of their education as Ventrue. Their sires
might have sent them off before the battles begun,
not wanting to lose precious childer in the chaos.
(Isn't that a recipe for resentment from young,
glory-hungry childer?) Or the characters might
have been chosen for some secret mission some-
where else, entrusted to handle a delicate affair
while the war for New York was waged.

Seen Scar ne mR IR ay SE Oy Eee RETR

is

motives. The longer they are established in Savannah,
the longer they develop interests, allies, contacts and
a power base — and to be annoyed that nothing is
happening in the South and that they are away from
the free-for-all that is New York.

There are a variety of reasons why characters
would go to Savannah. Getting out of New York means
getting out from under the thumb and scrutiny of sires,
and allows for characters to build their own domains.
But why Savannah? Why would the characters decide
to travel to a relatively small city that's so far away
from New York that established allies can't grant
immediate assistance?

* The characters' sires have heard (correctly or
incorrectly, based on the timing) that the siege of
Atlanta is about to get underway. Or they have covert
information that the Sabbat is about to stage a pre-
emptive strike on Savannah. Sires therefore encourage
their childer to go south. They hint at the status
possible in winning a siege. They may point to Sabbat
activity, exploiting any antipathy the characters have
for the Sword of Caine. Or they could tell characters
about the complacency that seems to plague Savannah's

AcrIll: Sourteen Nias


elders, suggesting that the city is ripe for the picking
by young, hungry Ventrue.

¢ Refugees from Atlanta tell the characters about
the malaise and ennui infecting the elders of Savane
nah. The characters recognize that this domain might
become a power base of their own, away from the
masses of ambitious Kindred who flock to New York.

¢ The characters have axes to grind against the
Sabbat, possibly a result of events during the siege, a
grudge inherited from their sires or due to events back
when the characters were mortals. (A character's
brother might have been found drained of blood, some-
thing later connected to the Sabbat. Or a character
could have been driven out of work after Sabbat sabo-
teurs ruined the Ventrue-backed company for which
he worked.) Savannah seems like a good base from
which to strike against the sect in its relatively new
realm of Atlanta. Perhaps the characters could even
spearhead the faltering assault on Atlanta

* Having proved themselves in the siege of New
York, the characters win a reputation for martial prow:
ess or planning. The Camarilla looks (if not applies
pressure) to them to use those skills elsewhere, At
lanta and the staging point of Savannah are natural
choices. Agreeing to the continuing war effort might
win the characters reward before they even arrive in
the South, or all their rewards could be contingent
upon further victory. (Prince and primogen of At
lanta, anyone?) Alternatively, the characters didn't
participate in the war for New York and seek to get
involved in a similar movement in Georgia to win

prestige missed before.

Race AGAINST THE CLOCK

One option for initiating this story is to send the charac
ters to Savannah just before the events of the chapter unfold.
Spies report that the Sabbat is about to make a move against
Savannah. Sires or elders send the characters to avert the
crusade. The characters can earn glory in the process and
pave the way for the conquest of Atlanta. Indeed, the char:
acters can play a pivotal role in the Camarilla-staged attack
and earn positions in the new hierarchy.

If you go this route, the characters arrive pretty much at
square one. They have no influence in Savannah and none
of the local Kindred may know them. Their only likely allyis
Katla, who remembers the characters' sires and grandsires,
and she snaps halfway through the act.... The characters
have their work cut out for them.

WuHatArt We Mane Or?

Having possibly participated in the siege of New
York, the characters are not just rank neonates. When

the players create their characters, consider giving

them some extra freebie points. If the characters have

Toe Ventrur CHRONICLE

%


been Embraced in the last 100 years, 15 extra freebie
points is about right. Should they be more than 100
years old as vampires, 20 is a good amount. (Since the
battle of New York is likely the pivotal event in the
characters' existence, most of the freebie points are
earned from it.) You can certainly start the characters
off with less or more. If you want powerful characters
{a good idea if you plan to run this act as action-
oriented or you foresee that players are likely to take
events in that direction), you could double the amount
of extra freebie points. If you desire an even spread of
advances, using the character-creation rules presented
in Archons and Templars might work (two Attribute
dots, three Ability dots, five dots of Disciplines, eight
dots of Backgrounds and 18 freebie points). If you start
the characters off as basic neonates, understand that
they'll have few supports on which to operate. Starting
characters must be very clever to come out on top.

The role characters played in New York is likely to
determine how their Attributes, Abilities and Disci-
plines are modified. A frontline fighter (say, a leader
of a coterie assigned to be in the thick of it) probably
gains Physical Attributes. Someone in charge of lead-
ing ghouls might develop high Charisma and
Manipulation. A character serving as a coordinator at
headquarters is likely to be advanced in Mental At-
tributes. A fighter may have learned combat Abilities,
along with Alertness, Streetwise, Drive and Stealth,
with the Fortitude, Celerity and/or Potence Disci-
plines. A character given the task of leading a group
probably learns Empathy and Leadership, along with
combat Abilities and Presence, Majesty and/or Domi-
nate. Someone dealing in information and possible
interrogation might have learned Intimidation and
Subterfuge along with Dominate. Let the players de-
scribe what roles their characters took in the siege and
work with them on any resulting advancement.

As for Backgrounds, this act poses the possibility
that characters are of equal (or possibly even lower)
generation than their sires. During the battles, it was
| made clear that anyone who returned with black veins
in her aura would not be punished; players can decide
if characters have bettered their generation through
| diablerie. Of course, diablerie could have interesting
| repercussions during the characters' early nights in
Savannah. While it's considered the height of bad
form to examine another Kindred's aura, it still hap-
pens, especially if a vampire's behavior merits the
invasion. While diablerie may have been accepted in
New York, it's still frowned upon in tradition-bound
Savannah. Characters could suffer Social penalties
there for some time. Should characters present their
entire lineage during their introduction in the South,
agenealogically inclined Ventrue (or Katla, who might

have known the characters' progenitors) might notice
a discrepancy between sires mentioned and any known
ina line.

Other Backgrounds can be established for charac-
ters in New York or elsewhere, but take care that
characters aren't hamstrung when they relocate to
Savannah. Remote ties may be severed and of no use to
vampires abroad, possibly endangering characters' ef-
forts in this act. The vampires could possible call upon
a Mentor from afar, but far-flung Influence may be no
good to them. It's therefore wise to allow some, if not
all of the characters' Backgrounds to be based in
Savannah, assuming they spend enough time there to
establish themselves. Even if the characters are new-
comers to the city at the beginning of the act, their
Background scores could manifest after they spend
some nights in the South.

Established Kindred hav
Savannah. While it may be difficult for them to exert
direct sway over the politics and bureaucracy of the
city, county or state (as represented by the Influence
Background), they might still be able to develop some
pull (one to three dots). More than this is a challenge,
however. Local bureaucracy is the sphere of Prince
Huxley, who retains some of her former political savvy.
Moving in on her territory can also rouse her to action,
a mistake if characters seek to keep her dormant.

Contac

considerable leeway in

and Allies among city officials, bureau-
crats and prestigious families give characters a presence
in local affairs. While it isn't easy, it's possible to
amass Contacts and Allies rated as high as 5 by focus-
ing on the nouveau riche.

SCHEMES AND PLANS

By now, the legacies to which the characters be-
long have become quite old and powerful, likely with
interests all over the world and some substantial hold-
ings. Savannah, however, is an established domain
and it's hard for characters to achieve the level of
influence and power for which their sires might hope.
The established Kindred of Savannah already pervade
most high-level affairs such as banking, shipping and
paper production, and hold the most prestigious do-
mains such as hotels, old-money families and the
financial district. That doesn't mean characters can't
establish themselves, just that they need to be clever
and think outside the box. The established order'
hold is in place, but is slipping thanks to complacency.

Servants and informants come quite easily. While
the most important mortals in Savannah such as the
mayor, chief of police and board members are already
considered the "domain" of established Kindred, char-
acters can reach clerks at City Hall or blackmail police
captains. As noted above, Influence is severely limited

ActIll: Soutern Nieats

Ly)


due to Huxley's past work. But inroads and research
show that her holdings exceed her energy these nights.
(None of the city's established Kindred have noticed
this slip, as they too have fallen sway to the status
quo.) With Atlanta in Sabbat hands, the characters
have a hard time influencing affairs on a state level.
Money is somewhat easy to come by, though, espe-
cially if characters manage to place themselves in
some of the businesses discussed below.

While there are vampire political matters to attend to in
Savannah, the city offers rewards to the ambitious. Ventrue
— or any — characters can pursue personal agendas in town
to gain leverage, wealth and standing. Feel free to run stories
and subplots throughout the events of Act 3 to capture the
Ventrue unlifestyle. Indeed, interests in the mortal world can
be used to motivate characters to act and react in Kindred
affairs. A business investment is threatened by the competi-
tion? Then a character is inspired to act against the undead
patron of that other company. A mortal gang gets too close
tothe truth about the undead? Thug contacts could deal with
the gang —and maybe burn down the haven of the Masquer-
ade-breaching vampire. The point being, the events of this
act represent only part of the characters' existence. You can
show the rest by exploring characters' empire building.

¢ Real Estate: Communities around Savannah
expand constantly, and new ones are chartered every
few years. Many of these, like the Landings, are upper-
middle to high-class communities. Holdings in this
field allow characters to exist in style. They might get
involved with the developments of Dutch Island or
initiate their own in the prestigious Southside area of
the city. Such a lucrative field can make characters
quite high profile. While any Ventrue worth his blood
knows how to do business without threatening the
Masquerade, infiltrating Sabbat take a close look at
who is behind expensive developments. This is a popu-
lar area of interest for some of city's young Ventrue
and Toreador; characters could easily make rivals here.
Real estate also offers characters the possibility of
establishing havens. They do have to exist somewhere
and, being Ventrue, a proper, impressive haven can be
important to maintaining appearances.

© Restoration: Several houses in the historic
downtown, Victorian district and Gordonston area are
old and in need of renovation. A fixer-upper can be
bought for less than $100,000 and, when restored, be
sold for upward of one million. Should one decide to
split the house into apartments (which is likely to
require a contact at City Hall, as many of the houses
are protected), even more money can be made in the
long term. Alternatively, if characters are willing to
stoop they can become slumlords in the dilapidated
neighborhoods south of downtown and in Victorian.

Backing restoration is a simple and easy way to
make money, as long as the characters have enough
money to buy a building, and the patience to wait until
it's finished. But the enterprise might put them
trouble with Miranda Jones, Huxley's Malkavian advi-
sor, who considers the city's historical buildings her
responsibility. At the very least, getting her "permis:
sion" could save some trouble later.

Characters (or their sires) might already have
owned such buildings for quite some time, having }
either bought them earlier with an eye for restoration
or as part of their business empires, without knowing |
about them before moving to Savannah. ("According |
to this, our company owns three dilapidated mansions ]
in Savannah? A tax write-off.") Such holdings make |
for ready-made havens.

© Weapon Smuggling: Fort Stewart is outside Savannah.
All it takes is a crooked supply sergeant and a clerk or two on
the take to get one's hands on several cases of military hard-
ware. One option is to send them north. What New York gang
or mob wouldn't pay for advanced weapons? Another option |
is to go south. Revolutionary armies in Middle and South |
American might compete to acquire the characters' goods. Of |
course, this sort of venture requires a lot of contacts and |
security. A great deal of money can be made, but if gunrunning
goes wrong, it can really blow up in the characters' faces. |

Access to weapons is also useful when the siege of |
Atlanta gets underway. While elders know that noisy |
and messy weapons lead to all sorts of questions, they
also acknowledge that the big guns are necessary at
times. The characters might be prepared to outfit
Camarilla troops as they move against Atlanta — fora
suitable price, of course. And as this act gets underway,
military contacts can supply the characters and their
allies if open conflict with the Sabbat seems imminent.

© Military Supply: Among resident Kindred, Fort
Stewart is virtually ignored as part of the Savannah
economy. It's not considered all that prestigious. The
military base demands lots of supplies, however, and
several businesses cater to its needs. If the characters
are willing, good money can be made from supplying
consumables, office supplies and cleaning materials to
the base. Perhaps even better, money can be made by
supplying drugs and hookers to soldiers.

¢ Police and Court: While the highest ranking
members of the city police and court system are al-
ready "taken," a foolish Ventrue ignores the possibility
of contact with or influence over low-ranking mem-
bers of the system. While not exactly an avenue of
revenue, having a member of the DA's office or a
homicide detective at one's disposal can pay off in
terms of information and leverage. The main problem
here is that gaining such influence is never easy,
especially when trying to maintain the Masquerade.

Tre Ventrut CHRONKLE


The city's elders take offense if the characters go after
this area heavy-handedly. Such influence can be ac-
quired by blackmail, bribery or supporting a covert
drug habit. While investigation of key persons might
yield dark secrets, the characters also have supernatu-
tal powers on which to draw. While blood bonding a
police officer or viciously Dominating a court clerk is
crude and dangerous, surreptitious use of supernatural
powers can manufacture situations that can be used for
blackmail. Characters could use Presence to lure some-
one into a compromising situation and take some
pictures, for example. Remember that this is the World
of Darkness — people have skeletons in their closets.

* Influential People: The old saying, "It's not
what you know, it's who you know" is true in Savan-
fah. The city has a lot of old-money families as well as
several nouveau riche. Ventrue can rub elbows with the
equivalent of modern-day nobility. If the characters'
sires have established contacts with the premier fami-
lies of New York, they can probably secure childer
invitations to just the right parties. While Savannah's
established Kindred don't like newcomers moving in
on "their" old-money families, they do disdainfully
ignore the city's "new money" (and sometimes Kin-
dred who strike up relationships with them).

The city also has a number of minority community
leaders who, through the strong sense of kinship promoted by
Savannah's subtle racism, have a great deal of sway over a
large number of people. And while organized crime (at least
in the sense of the Mafia and other big organizations) is
absent from the city, a number of prominent fences and gang
leaders are in town.

av

The interests that characters pursue can settle
them once the act gets started. For example, influence
at Fort Stewart might help vampires equip select body-
guard ghouls with military-grade weapons. Contacts
within the police force can give characters a heads-up
when Sabbat raiders try to get into town. Allies in City
Hall can provide the blueprints of buildings that the
Sabbat might use as havens. And if the characters
have a stake in the court system, mortals under Sabbat
sway may be locked up or "lost" in the judicial system.

Extensive influence in Savannah might also bring the
characters to the prince's attention. If the characters prove to
be movers and shakers compared to resident vampires, and
some lifeblood needs to be brought to town, Huxley may
instate the characters to positions of power. Alternatively,
she may learn that punishing the characters compromises the
city, and that's bad business. She might be forced to go easy
On presumptuous newcomers who have a large stake in town.

In the big picture, the standing that characters
assemble makes them prestigious when the conquest of
Atlanta is launched. As was demonstrated in New
York, taking a city involves more than just sending in

AcrIll: Sourtean Nicats
9


a bunch of gun-toting thugs. A large number of Kin-
dred must be housed in Savannah before the siege gets
underway. Savannah will be the Camarilla headquar-
ters. Vampires with local influence will be instrumental
to facilitating the campaign. In short, the sect would
be indebted to well-placed Ventrue.

OrTHeR CLANS

Integrating members of non-Ventrue clans into
this act is relatively easy. Events in Savannah concern
the entire Camarilla, after all. Alliances between clans
to get a counterattack underway are to be expected.
Just look at how well the siege of New York went
(especially when headed by the Ventrue). Members of
any clan with a stake in Camarilla interests have
reason to be concerned with developments in Savan-
nah, and reason to work with the Ventrue in the city.
The Blue Bloods weren't the only ones rewarded for
taking New York. Any member of any clan can profit
by helping capture another town from the enemy.

It's also possible that one or more non-Ventrue charac-
ters act as mercenaries. Whether they work for money, status
or influence, association with Ventrue offers it all. In turn, a
foolish Ventrue ignores the chance to have other vampires by
his side (or at least in his sight).

A common enemy can ally characters of different
clans and give them a collective purpose. Sure, the
Sabbat threat posed in Atlanta makes traveling t3
Georgia appealing. But characters: can also havé a
subtler foe such as Katla. Perhaps she has embarrassed
all of their bloodlines in the past, or she left New York
with something that all of the characters want to
claim. They might even agree to work together to get
it, but all agreements are off afterward and it's sur
of the fittest. i

Then there's the old faithful way of relyin
familiarity of the characters' sires. They-alll
know of each other and pass any.connections 6
ances down to their childer. "The players', current
characters are expected to cooperate — at least s Super
ficially. And that may mean eharactem of various
clans working with the Ventriie.

Indeed, members of other clans probably have to a
Ventrue leadership, at least at first. While anypreparatia
made against Atlanta involve members of all Cama

clans, the Ventrue stand as planners and generals. As it

becomes clear that the Sabbat'has designs on Savanriah,
however, Ventrue leadership is not guaranteed. Certainly,
stopping a Lasombra from buying up a number of businesses
and lots is something one might expect of a Ventrue, but
meeting Sabbat packs on the streets might be best addressed
by Brujah. Meanwhile, gathering intelligence on the Sabbat's
havens is a job for a Nosferatu. All characters find a role and
become partners rather than officers and soldiers.

Srme INTERFERENCE

While the characters of this act are in Savannah,
their sires are back in New York or are abroad. Modern
means of travel and communication can reduce this |
distance to almost nothing, however. So how much do
sires get involved in their underlings' unlives?

First off, the characters' sires probably don't ar
tange or endorse the characters' departure to Savannah
if they need or plan to get involved personally. They
expect the characters to build a suitable power base in
preparation: for the siege of Atlanta, or to achieve |
other goals. At that point, sires might join their childer
or they might remain in New York, ready to see how
their progeny handle the situation.

Sires may help with resources and what little influence
they can bring to bear in Savannah in order to get their
childer started. Characters areexpected to stand on'théirown
fairly quickly thereafter? Elders have their own agendasjand
ventures to attend to With the ease of communication that
cellphones and the Internet offers (assuming that sites-are |
even interested in such modern,¢ontrivances), progenttors
might check in for progress one morith or so (maybe
every week once it becomes known thatthe Sabbar is active).

One thing that characters = able to rely

lem of Karla, sires may
1 Thissis one situation
ympletely. on their,
is.a great test of thé/eharaci
The fall-of a, ¢,elder to
as been/an associate of

yer to the Babbet become ‘tnbwn, other elder
ay remembet that similar betrayal occurred
with Aimery... "and wasn't that coterie involved")
Sires hope to e themselves in case they come |
under scrutiny a8 possible turncoats or double agents
working within' ‘amarilla. It's bad enough that
their progeny are now affiliated with Katla. Hopefully }
suspicions of betrayal won't filter upward.

Toe Vertrut CHRONICLE

100


| For their part, the characters' grandsires are likely
|to be all but invisible in this act. The characters may
kno hem and couldwhaie met them, but the
ancients could be back Old World and the
characters don't necessarily know how to contact them.
Sires acts as intermediaries if it seems that the old
vampires might have informat or influence that
could help the characters in thei sgurrent situation.

| When it comes to portraying what were players'
| former characters, be consistent and fftue to the play-
ers' vision. While people (even Kindred
change over time, don't make sweep:
Don't alter how a character acts, what her
"are or how she treats others simply to makethis act
flow smoothly. Try to mesh established personalities
with the demands of this act instead.

(THe MopneRN
[NIGHTS

Act 3 is set in the modern nights. There's a sense
| of frenzied east coast activity (as far as that can be said
for the undead), with the Sabbat crusade and the
Camarilla capture of New York still fresh in memory.
Savannah has connections to older times, though.
Local Kindred are extremely conservative and set in
| their ways. The realities of sect developments have
J not yet shaken local vampires out of their compla-
| cency. They remain immune to the pervading sense
that something is about to happen.

You're encouraged to play up the differences be-
| tween now and then, new and old. In Act 1, cities were
dark and smelly. In Act 2, they were lit by flickering
gaslight and, well, were still smelly. Now, streetlights
and neon signs turn night into day. Phones, fast travel
by car and plane, information available on the net, the
global community and weapons of mass destruction all
offset modern times from the Dark Medieval and Vic-
| torian Age. And yet, some things never seem to change.
The smell of the Savannah River, long a dumping
‘ground for factories and city sewage, is akin to the odor
| of medieval York and Victorian New York. Make the
setting hyper-modern and then contrast it with, say,
Regency-style buildings, the renaissance revival of
City Hall, and with the slow, almost sensual Old South
| manners of local Kindred who still exist in the past.

Also remember the power of technology. The char-
acters' connections are but a phone call away. Sufficient
bribes and/or influence allow access to a wealth of
information about almost anyone or anything. That
said, be prepared for when characters call contacts,
‘agents or underlings to pull strings or to have a suspi-
cious-looking car checked on. Sometimes such quick

101

actions and answers move the characters' plans and
the chronicle along. Other times, you don't want
characters to get what they need so easily. Maybe they
get only part of what they hope for. That car is regis-
tered to someone in Savannah, but was reported stolen
last week. Or quick answers are inconclusive. That
plate should be on a vehicle of a completely different
make and model. And don't forget that the cellphone
net is often overloaded and email services suffer
glitches. Contacts might desire face-to-face meetings
or might not be ayailable at the moment. The charac-
ters might not always get all the answers they want
with the push of a biltton. Maybe it seems as if the
blasé existence of Savannah's Kindred virtually per-
meates the very spirit of the city, slowing everyone
and everything down around them.

PROMINENT

VAMPIRES

This is a short introduction to the most important
vampires featured in this act. Some of them are given
complete write-ups later, but they're all addressed
here so you have a quick overview of who they are.

CAMARILLA

Savannah is home to roughly 20 Kindred — about
10 local and 10 newcomers, whether refugees from
Atlanta or Kindred who have arrived for the antici-
pated siege of Atlanta. (These numbers do not include
the players' characters, but do include Lillian and her
coterie.) The Kindred detailed below are the most
important.

Penelope Huxley is prince of Savannah. She is a
strong-willed, ambitious woman who was once deter-
mined to hold onto her city, but who has lost her focus
to the slow poison of complacency. She maintains a
secret haven in the Riverstreet area, and meets with
advisors and those seeking audience in a suite in the
DeSoto Hotel. She can often be found in one of the
city's social Elysiums, enjoying conversation with one
or more of the city's prominent Kindred.

Jason Bishop is one of Huxley's advisors and the
closest thing to a Keeper of Elysium that Savannah
has. An exceptionally handsome Toreador, he is hedo-
nistic, slightly depraved and somewhat arrogant and
petty. His complete disregard for rumors of trouble
perpetuates the prince's indifference to building events.
Jason represents the worst of Savannah's Kindred and
the problems that the characters must overcome if
they are to rally the city. He has a weakness for
beautiful women. Having already been rejected by
Victoria Ash, he does his best to seduce any pretty

AcrIll: Sourern Nicets


female vampires in the coterie. He has already tired of
the city's female Kindred. Jason's haven is on Dutch
Island. Most nights, he's available at one of the city's
Elysiums.

Daniel Parker is Huxley's chief rival for the throne.
While he is more interested in taking her position
than in battling the Sabbat, he is smart enough to see
an opportunity when it presents itself. He's more than
willing to help the characters, provided they support
him should he move against Huxley. If the characters
have their own designs on control, he may be a rival to
them, too. Daniel has a haven in the downtown area.

Tarrence Moore is a Tremere survivor from At-
lanta, and the newest addition to Huxley's advisors.
He was offered the position because neither of the
city's other two Tremere were willing, and Huxley
very much wanted closer ties to Clan Tremere. Events
in Atlanta inspire Tarrence's hatred for the Sabbat,
which could make him an ally of the characters.
Tarrence resides in an apartment in Vernonburg.

Miranda Jones is one of Huxley's adv
elder Malkavian. She h
restoration of the historical s
combines an obs:

‘ors, an
fanatical interest in the
ctions of Savannah. She
ive/compulsive nature with fond
childhood memories of the city. She considers the old
buildings her domain. Characters might come into
conflict with her if they get involved with restoration
or decide to acquire an old mansion as a haven. She
maintains a lavish haven of her own, the site of several
parties in the Victorian district.

Lillian is a Gangrel and the leader of a coterie of
relatively young Kindred who patrols Savannah's bor-
ders. While Lillian is technically not Camarilla, having
left the sect when most of her clan did, she is still
among the city's Kindred and is loosely considered one
of Huxley's advisors. If the characters present a strong
front, Lillian works with them to protect the city; she
prefers proactive leaders to Huxley's increasingly dis-
missive attitude.

Katla Thranddottir is a relatively recent arrival in
Savannah. She came to the city when she learned of
plans to retake Atlanta, and intends to become prince
and make that city a domain after her own liking.
Huxley is less than thrilled about Katla's presence,
seeing her asa threat. Age affects Katla. She has all but
lost her grip on sanity and self-control, acting increas-
ingly erratically. During the course of this act, she
loses herself completely to the Beast and becomes a
dangerous enemy who must be stopped. Katla main-
tains a haven in the Landings. She resumes going by
her old name, rather than by Catherine Trandor, out
of a desire to return to the old ways.

By this time, Katla has the following Traits in
addition to those in Act 1: Subterfuge 4, Finance 3,

Toe Ventrur CHRONICLE

102

Law 3, Resources 5, Retainers 3 and Presence 3. Hi
Humanity has dropped to 1 at the beginning of thi
Act as a result of her decline, and her Charisma i
reduced to 2.

Victoria Ash is a famous and wealthy Toreador,
renowned (or notorious) for rejecting an offer to b -
come prince of New York. She has taken up residence
at a plantation outside Savannah. Before Atlanta fell,
Ash was one of the primogen of that city, with plans to
become its prince. She has decided to support
impending siege of Atlanta in an attempt to rekind
those plans. She is a rival of Katla's, but invol
herself in Savannah's politics less than the ancien
Ventrue. Ash is a possible silent ally of the characters.
She has no interest in seeing Savannah fall and has
good reason to hate and fear the Sabbat after
experience with the Sword of Caine during the e
coast crusade.

CLANSIN SAVANNAH
Clans Ventrue and Toreador are premiere in Sa-
vannah, both in number and influence. Members tei
to be old, decadent and overconfident, and have deep
strong ties with mortal upper classes and importa
businesses. Jason Bishop is recognized as the preemi-
nent Toreador in the city, which speaks volumes for
how depraved and self-centered the clan, local Kin
dred and Savannah have become. :
Clans Brujah and Malkavian are runners-up. Each
has a few young members who generally follow the lead
of the local Ventrue and Toreador. Clan Brujah has
interests in Savannah colleges, while the city
Malkavians are scattered and unfocused. ;
Clan Nosferatu is all but ignored in Savannah
only two members of the clan reside in the area. Th
keep to themselves, lacking representation even among
Huxley's advisors. z
Besides Tarrence Moore, Clan Tremere has
resident members: Ezra Hawthorne and Rebecca Call.
Neither has any interest in what happens in the city,
as they are deeply involved in a major ritual effort,
Besides Lillian's coterie, Savannah has no Gangrel.
or Caitiff, and no Assamite has taken up residence. Of
the independent clans, only the Giovanni are repre-
sented, with Stephen Milliner overseeing interests in
Georgia.

SABBAT

A number of packs and infiltrators have been
assigned to or have volunteered for the Savannah
effort. The exact number of packs is up to you — it
depends on how much you want to challenge the
characters. Most packs have four to five members;
larger groups are too visible.


Jane Sims is the warlord in charge of taking Sa-
yannah. She is somewhat haughty, having won a
number of easy victories in the east coast crusades.
Sims makes her haven in Atlanta, only coming to
Savannah when it seems the situation demands it.

Nicolas is Sims' bodyguard, a revenafit of the
Bratovich family. He is loyal and strong, if not too
bright, and seldom leaves Sims' side.

Marcus Williams is the Lasombra ductus of one of
the packs at Sims' disposal. He and his group are in
charge of securing bases of operation for the Sabbat, as
well as disrupting Camarilla influence, buying up real
estate and moving in on businesses.

Dr. Sutphen is the Lasombra archbishop of At-
lanta. It was he who orchestrated the crusade on the
city, for which he was originally given the title of
bishop. Recently, he was made archbishop and as such
the powers that be believe his hands are too full to
plan the assault on Savannah. Sutphen is less than
happy about turning over the operation to Sims, but is
overtaxed.

SAVANNAH HIsToRYv
AND GEOGRAPHY

The following is a short overview of Savannah's
history, both Kindred and kine, as well as a brief survey
of the city's geography.

History

Savannah's early history is inexorably linked to En-
gland. It may come as little surprise that Clan Ventrue has
dominated the city since Kindred first arrived.

FOUNDING

On April 21, 1732, King George II granted the charter
for Georgia to a group of Trustees. On February 12, 1733, a
‘group of pioneers, led by one James Oglethorpe, landed in the
New World, founding the city of Savannah and the colony of
‘Georgia in the name of the king. The idea was to strengthen
the colonies, increase trade and navigation, and protect
Carolina from Spanish Florida. The city's military connec-
tion has continued unbroken for over 250 years, the latest
incarnation of which is Fort Stewart. Not surprisingly, this
New World venture garnered a good deal of interest from
Kindred in the Old World. Several British vampires, some of
which might have been the characters from Act 1, kept an
eye on the new colony.

Savannah was laid out according to plans that
Oglethorpe had made back in England. Thanks to a
friendship struck between he and Tomochichi, the
King of the Yamacraws (the local Native Americans),
Savannah flourished. New settlers came over surpris-
ingly quickly, with a large number of Jews arriving in

July 1733 and founding the Temple Mickve Israel.
Evangelical Lutherans from Salzburg arrived in March
of ‘34, while Scots and Moravians arrived in ‘35 and
‘36. Later, Dutch, Welsh and especially Irish immi-
grants came to the new colony.
4 With this influx of kine, Kindred in the Old
World reacted. Elder Ventrue sent Franklin Chase, a
ne@nate with a celebrated lineage. Another group,
conbpsed mainly of anumber of ancillae Ventrue with
Bruja allies, sent a Gangrel called Chester. Both
groups wanted to know more about Savannah before
investingtfurther. i

In true Ventrue fashion, Frariklin went about se-
curing contacts and influence with the leaders of the
community, whereas Chester scouted out the city and
surrounding lands. The two eventually crossed paths
and, knowing about the enmity between their patrons
back home, became enemies. Unfortunately for
Franklin, the Gangrel preferred the direct approach.
Franklin's ashes were scattered across the Savannah
River from Yamacraw Bluff.

The loss of his childe angered the leader of the
elder faction, a Ventrue named of Sabert. Eschewing
the safety offered by his native country, Sabert trav-
eled to Savannah to secure it and the entire colony as
his domain. He quickly met Chester and although the
Gangrel was a fierce warrior, he had no defense against
Sabert's mental powers and was quickly disposed of.
Sabert declared himself Prince of Savannah and all
Georgia. He also established a level of animosity to-
ward Clan Gangrel that persisted throughout his
existence. Since he could feed from only orphans,
Sabert was instrumental in the founding of Bethesda,
the first orphanage in the Americas, in 1740. (Rumors
abound that he was also behind a number of adult
deaths, resulting in an increased number of orphans.)
A few other Kindred, mainly neonates from the Old
World, soon arrived in Savannah. Sabert declined to
Embrace a new childe and successor.

Ultimately, Savannah did not fare as well as Sabert
hoped. The population declined and crime was preva-
lent. The trustees gave back their charter to the king
a year earlier than planned and the colony became a
province headed by royal governors, with Savannah at
its center.

Wars

Georgia delayed longer than any other colony
before joining the revolutionary movement. Sabert
used his influence to withhold support until he could
receive word from his allies back in England. Unfortu-
nately, the elder fell to age-induced torpor and was
unable to continue his stalling tactics. Thus, Georgia
signed the Declaration, much to the delight of the
Brujah of the colony who supported the movement.

ActIll: Soutien Nicats

103


During the War of Independence, royal troops
supported by British Kindred attacked and took Sa-
vannah, but American forces were joined by French
soldiers and fought to retake the city. The extremely
bloody siege of Savannah awoke Sabert in 1799. He
soon realized that independence was inevitable and
lent his support to the rebels. He also began looking
for a childe, as he acknowledged that he would not be
able to remain awake. He chose Nathaniel Summerton,
a British officer. Sabert influenced Summerton, who
bought a plantation near Savannah for his retirement,
Sabert then spent a great deal of time observing and
speaking with his prospective childe, making hima
ghoul in 1784 and finally Embracing him in 1786,
covering up Summerton's disappearance. Shortly af-
terward, Sabert sank into final torpor, possibly in
disappointment after he learned that Augusta was to
become the new capital city of Georgia.

Summerton assumed the position of Prince of Sa
vannah, ruling in his sire's place. When Eli Whitney
invented the cotton gin in 1793, Summerton was
quick to act, and his shrewd manipulations, coupled
with slavery (in which Summerton had extensive in-
terests), helped to make Savannah's cotton industry
the premier of the world. Summerton also took a
childe in 1793, more or less impulsively Embracing
Penelope Huxley, daughter of one of the city's wealthi-
est men, and renowned as

a great beauty.

In 1796, Savannah was ravaged by fire, which left
half the city in ashes and one third of its Cainites dead.
After the fire, Summerton allied with the city's Torea-
dor and brought architect William Jay over from
England. Jay introduced Regency style to Savannah
and designed such magnificent buildings as the
Richardson-Owens-Thomas House, Scarborough
House and the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Science marched along with art when the city became
homeport of the S. $. Savannah, the first steam-pow-
ered vessel to cross the Atlantic.

In 1820, another fire swept the city, along with a yellow
fever epidemic. This time, Sabert met Final Death when his
resting place went up in flames. Several other prominent
Kindred also perished. A few months later, Penelope Huxley
shocked Savannah Kindred by producing evidence that the
fire was actually set by Summerton, who allegedly feared that
his sire was waking. The city's most prominent Kindred
declared their support of Huxley, who declared a blood hunt
on the prince. He was destroyed while protesting his inno-
cence. After that, Kindred "life" in Savannah all but stagnated.
There were very few Embraces and almost no newcomers.
Rumor spread that the yellow fever could be transmitted to
the undead. While this proved untrue, it kept new vampires
out of Savannah and the city retained an inexplicable stigma

Tre Ventut CHRonicie

104


that discouraged new arrivals. Conservative stability became
‘the order of the night among the few who lingered there.

| Savannah continued to grow in finance and im-
‘portance, despite not being the state capital. In the
1830's, the railroad linked inland plantations to the
Port, increasing cotton trade revenues and the income
of several Kindred. Huxley and others backed the
‘Central Railroad Banking Company, and along with
the city Toreador became involved in the Georgia
Historical Society. i

In early 1861, three months before the attack on Fort
| Sumter, Confederates seized Savannah's Fort Pulaski only to
| lose it again in 1862. During the Civil War, Savannah was
‘blockaded and the city suffered. The Kindred felt the impact of
| thewarand the Sabbat used the chaos to launch afew raids, but
‘they were primarily interested in Atlanta. When General
Sherman burned Atlanta and cut a swath to the coast, Savan-
nah was evacuated (by mortals and Kindred who followed the
Kine example), and thus avoided destruction. On December
22, 1864, Sherman sent a telegram to Washington offering
Savannah to Lincoln as a Christmas present.

After the war, large numbers of freed slaves sought
work in Savannah, and were herded into slum-like
communities by housing prices and social pressure.
Most of the city's Kindred saw this mass of destitute as
prime feeding stock and did their best to maintain
segregation. In 1878, however, the first public school
for blacks was established, and the first public college
for blacks opened in 1891.

Cotton remained the primary commodity of the city.
The Cotton Exchange was built and, much to the pride of the
city's Ventrue, the world price of cotton was set in Savannah.
Although the city suffered more fires, yellow fever and
hurricanes, it grew in size and splendor. The elegant DeSoto
Hotel opened and became the official meeting place of the
prince and her advisors. The Telfair Academy of Arts and
Sciences was one of the South's first public museums, to the
delight of Toreador and Brujah alike. And yet, racial tension
marred the city's beauty, and the Ku Klux Klan was promi-
nent. While crosses are rarely ever burned publicly any
longer, the Klan is still a power to be reckoned with in
Savannah. From time to time, an important member of the
community is revealed to have ties to the group. The city's
Kindred have all but ignored the Klan. Only the Tremere
have shown any interest.

After WWI, Savannah faced disaster when the state's
cotton fell victim to the boll weevil. By the 1920s, half of
Georgia's crop had been destroyed. The wealthy and influen-
tial Kindred of the city fought to bring it out of the Depression.
Paper industry and WWII came along to help the effort. Fort
Stewart, with Hunter Field, was established and the 8th Air
Force was founded there. To this day, the armed forces play
an important part in Savannah's economy. Many of the city's
Ventrue, led by Prince Huxley, invested heavily in this

105

restoration. All of them lost dearly when the cotton market
collapsed, but most had diverse interests (some out of the
city) that they were able to draw upon. The establishment of
Fort Stewart, in particular, bolstered the city, although the
city's Ventrue largely ignored the base after working to bring
it to Savannah. The influx of people and government re-
sources was all that mattered to the Blue Bloods. No one
among them cultivated the same kinds of contacts in the base
that they did in the paper industry.

Mopern Times

After WWII, Savannah's reputation as a preserved and
beautiful city grew by leaps and bounds. Such landmarks as
the Pink House, the Pirates' House and the Richardson-
Owens-Thomas House were all saved from being condemned,
and the Toreador became involved in restoration. In 1955,
several society ladies founded the Historic Savannah Foun-
dation, further cementing the city's reputation for historical
importance. Among Kindred, it became a running joke that
Savannah had the largest amount of Elysium space of any
Camarilla city.

On the Kindred side, Savannah was a stagnant domain.
Being secondary to Atlanta in importance, there was little of
the fierce, fast-moving political infighting that marked
America's other Kindred. Indeed, the political battles of
Savannah were slow, akin to those of European elders. The
city's vampires enjoyed the status quo and remained generally
conservative, suppressing any attempts at change from the
(few) young among them. Indeed, Savannah seemed like the
picture-perfect, modern-Gothic Camarilla domain. Much of
this status stemmed from the prince's lethargy, which in-
fected most of the city. Established elders rarely bothered to
maintain their areas of influence and almost never expanded
them. Their domains have slowly crumbled as a result. None
of them, least of all the prince, realizes how out of touch they
have become.

In 1999, Atlanta fell to the Sabbat, and the Sword
of Caine swept across the east coast, taking city after
city. Refugees from Atlanta arrived in Savannah and
while most of them moved on, mainly to New York,
some stayed. The Gangrel left the Camarilla, although
the separation had little impact on Savannah; the city
had never had much of a Gangrel presence, anyway.

In the new millennium, the Kindred of Savannah
are confronted with the world around them. Some try
to throw off their lethargy and actually take action,
while others simply ignore word of trouble, hoping
that it will pass and the old serenity will be restored.

GeOGRAPHY

Savannah lies on the south bank of the Savannah
River, reaching south and east. The river forms the
border between the states of Georgia and South Caro-
lina. The greater metropolitan area has a population of
around half a million. Dotted around the countryside

Ac Ill: Sourmern Nices

Evén by the most generous Camarilla standards,
Savannah is able to support only six or seven Kindred.
The city's current undead population is more than three
times that due to refugees from Atlanta and forces arriy-
ing in anticipation of a retake of that city. This

overcrowding means trouble, especially with the charac»

ters' arrival, which stretches available resources
dangerously thin.

Most of the established Kindred have herds. Those
who do not have well-established hunting grounds and
methods. Resources afe taxed, patience is exhausted
and the Masquerade is endangered. The prince has
enacted some strict laws concerning feeding, and has
distributed hunting grounds in an attempt to alleviate
the problem. The fact remains, however, that Savannah

ON FeepiInG

is grossly overpopulated. A siege on Atlanta would solve'

the problem, but feeding is risky business until then.
There are several ways to emphasize this tension. If
the characters are established Kindred, haying been in
town for afew years, newcomers impose upon them. If
they have herds, demand more explanation than ever on
who comprises them and how they're formed. If estab-
lished characters do not have herds, players need to detail
hunting methods, taking pains to explain how Masquer-
ade breaches are avoided. Have any herd members or
grounds been commandeered by the prince to be doled

‘out temporarily? How does such loss impact characters'

existence, holdings and pride?
The prince warns newcomers to feed subtly and
responsibly: She lays out the hunting grounds of other

are several colonial mansions and plantations, and the
larger city area includes a number of islands. To the
southwest lies Fort Stewart with Hunter Field, a com-
munity somewhat apart from the rest of Savannah,
with its own school, church and stores.

Core SAVANNAH

The central part of Savannah is the historical
downtown area, which includes the city's business
district, as well as a large number of restored houses.
Just south of downtown is the Victorian district, which
is slowly being restored to match its northern neigh-
bor. These two areas are the most expensive in central
Savannah, and are home to not only several of the
city's most prestigious Kindred, but also to most of the
city's Elysiums. These regions are of prime interest to
Ventrue. There's the business district, of course, but
also ideal haven sites for Blue Bloods.

As one heads south from downtown and Victo-
tian, the old restored houses give way to houses that

Tre Vermur CHroncue

106

vampires (most of downtown) and indicates what's:
"public domain."
Beyond observing the Masquerade, crowded vam-
Pires run the risk of imposing on each other. That may ~
mean hunting on ‘someone's turf or protecting one's"
grounds against "poachers." Ventrue might enter short
termalliances in which they share "tastes of choice"
keepan eye out for suitable victims. If one Ventrue:
feed on only scholars and another can feed from o
trophy wives, the two might point out candidates i
each other's territory. Of course, revealing one's feedi
restriction can lead to vulnerability later, but troubled
times call for such desperate measures.
Don't be afraid to roleplay hunting rather thea 7
relegating it to downtime. Special-care and thought
must be given to feeding, especially if a Kindred is low
on blood, One cannot simply drain 4 human dry and
dump him in the river. Nevermind anyrepercussionson _
a vampire's humanity. The act raises the ire of other
Kindred and the prince. Dominate and Presence are"
quite useful under these circumstances, allowing vam-
pires — especially Ventrue—tofeed discreetly without
fatalities? Should. a few of the city's more well-con+
hected or elite die, a massive investigation probably
results, with news coverage and general uproar. Some
deaths among the city's poor largely go unnoticed unless
numbers become unmistakable, Alarming murders
disappearances result in vigilante squads and a neigh-
borhood watch, assuming the police themselves are
encouraged to do nothing.

wi rare

are just old. Some look like they're held up with littl
more than hope, while others have been repaired
somewhat by tenants. Stenciled "No Loitering" signs |
are prevalent, as are gaudy colors, probably in an |
attempt to hide just how bad the situation really is:
The transition is surprisingly abrupt. In some places,
mere steps lead from million-dollar homes to slums.
During the day, drug deals take place more or less
openly in rundown neighborhoods. At night, prosti-
tutes, gangs and other criminals hit the streets. A few |
neighborhoods are almost exclusively black. Due to }
poverty and racial tensions in the city, outsiders are |
not welcome, especially at night. Such neighborhoods
are ideal for Ventrue who don't mind getting their
hands dirty. None of the refined Kindred of Savannah |
want to even acknowledge that these places exist.

Gordonston is a small neighborhood on Savannah's |
eastside, adjacent to the Victorian district, with tree-
lined streets. South of Victorian and Gordonston is

——

Ardsley Park, a rural neighborhood that is also a
National Historic District. Ardsley Park is popular
with professionals who work downtown. Many Ventrue
and Toreador maintain herds there. South of Ardsley
Park, bordering Southside, is Kenningston Park, a
middle-class community. Ventrue interested in culti-
vating contacts among professionals of the middle and
upper-middle class find plenty of opportunity here.
East of Ardsley and Kenningston lies Thunder-
bolt, which is an incorporated town. Set slightly apart

from Savannah, it is nonetheless considered part of
the greater metropolitan area. The established Kin-
dred of Savannah have yet to really notice Thunderbolt,
$0 it poses a great domain opportunity to newcomers.

DOWNTOWN FLAVOR

Downtown Savannah, which is shown on the map,
is the most important region of Savannah for Kindred
of the city. Many buildings and landmarks are consid-
ered Elysium, including all churches, museums, labeled
houses (such as Pirate's House), the Savannah Visitor's
Center, Emmet Park (which is also considered the
domain of Lillian and her coterie when they are in
town), City Hall (which is the personal domain of the
prince, although it's not really enforced), Forsyth Park
and the Colonial Park Cemetery. Kindred congregate
downtown nightly. Many have herds here, others hunt
and everyone attends the various Elysiums.

The Hilton DeSoto overlooks Madison Square and
is known as the meeting place of the prince and her
advisors. She receives visitors in a spacious suite on an
upper floor. Should the need arise, the prince can call a
meeting of all the city's Kindred in one of the hotel's
conference rooms. The hotel dates back to 1890 and has
the distinction of having been used by the prince and her
advisors since its completion.

The fabulous City Hall, which opened in 1906, is
the personal domain of the prince. This is not to say
that others can't hold influence over people working

there, merely that the building is generally associated
with her. (In truth, Huxley's claim to City Hall is
symbolic. Her lethargy means that there are few or no
tepercussions for vampires who dabble there, though
none of the city's established elders have tested her
claim in a long time.)

SouTHsipe

Southside communities include Windsor Forest, which
borders Armstrong Atlantic State University and is home to
many school staff; Coffee Bluff, with its marches and boating
marinas on the Halland Vernonburg Rivers; and Georgetown,
which is located approximately three miles west of Savannah
city limits. Lillian's coterie patrols Southside communities,
especially Georgetown. Also located in Southside is
Vernonburg and Beaulieu, two former plantations turned

Act Ill: Soumern Nicets

107


(Sa
Gero

SAVANNAH RIVER

Tone Pat

est

= ] Saar

Taaran

=

aefsl

Ls

Sy el ee |

Tea Ley

4 dhe

=So5o00

WUoOmoO00
mae -ae

Cemetary

|
BUONO OowoOd

ISD Ooe

vawannah
« 12. L>

suburbs. The plantation buildings that still stand make for

grand havens for a coterie of Ventrue, and the university
could be of interest to scholarly Kindred. While Savannah's
Brujah have some influence with most of the city's colleges,
they're focused mainly on the Humanities departments,
ignoring the potential of Natural Science faculties. The
university laboratories have both the equipment and the
people to make designer drugs, should the characters decide
to become suppliers.

IsLAND COMMUNITIES

Several islands to the east and southeast are considered
part of Savannah. The southside islands include Skidaway,
the last in Georgia's chain of Golden Isles, the Isle of Hope
and Dutch Island. Skidaway Island is located approximately
12 miles southeast of downtown and is host to one of the
city's premier planned golf communities. The Landings is a
private residential community owned and operated by resi-
dent property owners (who could include Kindred or their
contacts). The Isle of Hope was originally plantation land

Tre Ventrut CHRonicie

and now features oak-lined streets with white picket fences
and classical cottages. Dutch Island is a relatively new com-
munity, which was begun in the early 1980s.

notonly great places toset up havens, but ideal places to meet

These areas are

the "right" people — the rich, famous and influential

The eastside islands include Long Point, Wilmington,
Talahi and Tybee Island. Long Point is a new, gated develop
menton the southwest side of Wilmington Island. Wilmington
and Talahi are both suburban, with well-developed business
areas that have yet to be snatched up by Savannahs estab-
lished vampires. Tybee Island, one of the largest suburbs of
Savannah, has a small-town feel. Its growing community of
artists and painters attracts some of the city's Toreador.
Tybee is also a good place to establish a prestigious haven and
to meet affluent people.
OTHER AREAS OF NoTe

Approximately 10 miles west of the historic dis-
trict lies the suburb of Richmond Hill. This area was
originally bought and developed by Henry Ford and is

108


considered one of Savannah's premier communities.
I's home to many of the city's young Kindred. This
area is full of bored, jaded, upper-middle-class teenag-
ers. Characters in drug ventures find a ready market
here.

The city also has a large number of graveyards,
many of them quite old, and one filled with children's
graves from a past epidemic. While these graveyards
may not offer resources to the characters (save perhaps
to any of their Giovanni allies), these locales make
suitable settings for undead rendezvous.

THe Feet OF SAVANNAH

On the surface, Savannah seems the epitome of
genteel Southern hospitality. Marvelously restored
Victorian mansions and historical houses are national
treasures. Parks and riverside streets are beautiful to
behold and wander. Yet hospitality is extended only if
one has money. The mansions and houses were re-
stored with wealth that could have been better spent
helping the city's poor and curtailing crime. Parks and
tiverside streets should be walked only by day. Their
artificial beauty is lost by night, when people not
mentioned in tourist brochures come out. Despite
itself, Savannah strives to regain its place as America's
per capita murder capital. Street crime is pervasive,
especially in middle-class suburbs (courtesy of bored
teenagers) and areas bordering downtown slums.

Savannah is a city of stark contrasts. The rich are
very rich and the poor are very poor. The middle class
tend to be upper-middle class; highly trained profes-
sionals aspiring to become true upper class, working
long hours and ignoring their families. The rich look
down upon such pretenders, and all frown upon the
poor, who in turn resent the rich. Hate crimes perpe-
trated by the less fortunate are frequent, even with
brutal response to such acts from police

The city's mortal upper class demonstrates the same
complacency as local Kindred. These people just can't be

bothered with anything beyond their own lives, pleasure
and money. Then there's the frantic desperation of the
city's poor, and the energy that the city's young often
channel into destruction or violence. SCAD (Savannah
College of Art and Design) is the city's suicide center,

with too many students jumping from rooftops in maca-
bre artistic statements.

All this is not to say that Savannah is rotten to the
core. There are still a few gems in the rough, a few
honest people working to create friendly communities
instead of walled townships, a few who believe that
skin color doesn't matter. Yet these people are rarely
found when one scratches the city's gilded surface.

AcrIll: Sourtern Nits
109


PRELUDE

Before Act 3 starts, spend some time establishing
the characters, the setting and the mood. The vam-
pires may have been in Savannah for two to four years
(unless you choose to send them there just as events
unfold). They have probably accrued at least some
level of influence and standing in the city. In addition,
the characters know of and have opinions about the
most important Kindred there. The "newcomers" can
be annoyed that absolutely nothing is happening. They
might have been told that the Camarilla was preparing
an assault on Atlanta and that they could play a vital
role in it, yet it seems that the sect has all but forgotten
about Atlanta. Apart from characters' personal pur-
suits and sires' possible requests for status reports,
nothing interesting seems to be happening. This is in
part due to the sluggishness of Huxley and the city's
elders, but also because Atlanta just can't seem to
unite the Camarilla as New York did. With no east
coast crusade to force things to ahead, the siege of
Atlanta has become bogged down in endless discus-
sions and plans with no follow through.

If you want, you can play out some of the early
events that happen before this act. For example, you
could see how the characters react to being confronted
by Lillian's coterie on their way into the city, and how
they handle their first meeting with the prince. These
events may set the tone for the challenges characters'
face thereafter, whether paving the way to the new-
comers' success or posing hurdles to cross in all their
subsequent endeavors.

Before the act begins, you can also capture what
the characters' existence is like in Savannah. You
might establish what routines they follow. How does a
normal night unfold? What do they do? Where do they
go? Whom do they meet? Where are the characters'
havens and how do they travel? Do they take cabs,
drive themselves or do they have a chauffeur and
private limo?

You should also introduce the significant Kindred of
Savannah. Particularly important are Prince Huxley and
Katla. While Katla's impending fall is not yet evident, it
should be obvious that she is not a cool, calm and collected
elder Ventrue, but nor has she been infected with the lethar-
gic malaise that pervades Savannah. She is energetic, yet
unfocused. Mentioning the impending siege garners her
attention, but also sparks her frustration over the slow pace at
which plans advance. During the social functions she at-
tends, she comments on how things were back in the Middle
Ages. Characters might be shocked to see the half-mad,
hungry glances she sends mortals from time to time. Should
the characters strike up a private conversation with Katla, she

Rumors,

Like any other Kindred, the vampires of $
are a gossipy lot; rumors fly at Elysiums and
gatherings, Before openi Scene 1, chara
learn some or all of the foll tumors. If you
players can roll Charisma or Manipulation +
(or Status), difficulty 6. Each. success yields ne Th
While pon un ace te ou

decide for sure. Maybe an" pine vita
a or Evora

an entertaining sub-plot
worth pursuing.

© Theo Bell, hero of New York, agp been'
Savannah. Just what he's here i
tumor is true. Theo Bell was in.
though he has now moved on.)

. The prince tensile, limiting the a1
ghouls. (May or may not be true, at your di cI

ghost walks that are organized throughout the cit
believed the Giovanni are behind this as part ofa
to gain power.in Savannah. (Not true.)

* The prince considers extending an invit
Daniel Parker or possibly one of the city's Nos era
become one of her advisors. (Not true.) iy

* The Camarilla has all biit given up on the
Atlanta and will not support any ‘such move. (Not ti
Several prominent Kindred ate to contribu
once a siege gets underway.) y >

© Karsh, the Camarilla warlord, hasbeen invited to
help plan the attack on Atlanta and is consi ie
offer, which is why nothing is being done. (Not tr

© Several prominent Camarilla Kindred argu
how todivide the spoils of Atlantabefore the city is
taken. Nothing will be accomplished until og
their grievances. (Your call.)

au

might let slip that she considers Huxley a weak, spineless fool
and has little but contempt left for most of Savannah'
residents. She longs for the good old nights where vampi
were the lords of humanity (she romanticizes her memories)
and she drifts into her native tongue from time to time.

During this prelude, you can also establish
mood of both the modern nights and Savannah.
previously discussed, the tone is set by frantic action
and technophilia, which clashes with the sluggish,
cultured, Gothic atmosphere of the city.

Tre Ventrut CHRONICLE

110


SCENE 1: RUMBLINGS

The Sabbat begin their effort to infiltrate Savan-
nah. The characters become aware of the incursion
and may work against the invaders. When the act
opens, the characters are undoubtedly involved in
whatever domains they have operating in Savannah.
| These schemes may continue, business interests can be
managed and social functions are attended, but all the
while the characters may have feelers out for a growing
Sabbat threat in the city.

Sims has sent a few packs into Savannah. They're
intended to lay the groundwork for the arrival of yet
more, including Williams' pack. The invaders know
Savannah's borders are patrolled, but they also know
| guards can't be everywhere. Still, infiltrators manage
to raise enough of a ruckus that the characters learn of
their presence.

Just how the coterie becomes aware that the Sabbat
| depends on what holdings and contacts members have.
Ifthe vampires have connections with the police, they
tay hear of a group of violent drifters who were picked
up on the outskirts of the city and who seem to have
immolated themselves in some sort of cult ritual be-
fore they were to stand trial. Investigation shows that
the drifters immolated themselves at sunrise.

Characters with contacts at the Savannah airport
may learn of a group of passengers who looked sickly
and created something of a stir. Other passengers
feared SARS or some other disease. This was, of course,
| aSabbat pack, whose lack of Humanity shone through.
| Characters with allies in some of the waterfront com-
munities may learn of strange, unmarked boats that
sail up the rivers at night.

Should the characters have business connections,
they might learn of a wealthy new developer based in
Atlanta who seems to have taken an interest in Savan-
nah and is making inquiries. This is Marcus Williams
making his initial moves, trying to find out where
other vampires might have influence. Investigation
yields his name, which the characters might recognize
as a Sabbat vampire. They could have had previous
tun-ins with Williams, have heard about him through
their sires, characters' allies may have been the vam-
pires who trounced Williams and his pack in New
York, or the characters may have heard stories of this
"corporate warrior" from other Ventrue. (See Will-
iams' write-up on p. 128.)

If the characters have contacts at Fort Stewart,
they may hear about people trying to bribe supply
personnel to sell military weapons. Inquiries reveal
that these intruders are new arrivals. When no one
‘comes before the prince or is announced to the city's

Camarilla Kindred, the characters may suspect fellow
sect members working undercover — or enemy invad-
ers.

Virtually any options are possible for discovering
the Sabbat incursion. They all depend on where the
characters' interests lie. Ideally, the information that
characters receive is enough to encourage them to
investigate, and doing so suggests Sabbat involve-
ment. Enemy invasion could be evident from small
groups of newcomers having an unusual amount of
backing and resources (which can be traced back to
Atlanta). Intruders may leave telltale signs of Disci-
pline use. (Many Ventrue can recognize the aftereffects
of Dominate, for example, and the Sabbat uncon-
cerned about using their Disciplines overtly.) Or
intruders could leave drained corpses in their wake, in
direct defiance of the prince's strictures. Such killings
suggest someone opposed to the prince, someone whose
Beast is dangerously near the surface — or, once again,
the arrival of the Sabbat. A possible encounter be-
tween Lillian's patrol coterie and enemy invaders could
clinch characters' assessment of the situation (or pos-
sible cover up feeding by someone like Katla).

If the characters are not inclined to investigate
matters or do not make the connection with the Sabbat,
their sires contact them with rumors that Savannah is
targeted. Or Lillian could come to the characters
directly with a warning of recent incursions, assuming
she and the characters have a close relationship. She
might even ask the coterie for help in tracking down a
group of vampires who managed to elude her. Maybe
the characters owe her a favor, or she has enough trust
in them to help her save face before the rest of
Savannah's Kindred. Lillian could even barter for the
characters' help, perhaps promising increased protec-
tion of their holdings if a Sabbat invasion is imminent.

Scene 2: NEXT STEPs

The characters discover that one or more Sabbat
packs have entrenched themselves in Savannah, and
the Kindred must decide what to do with this informa-
tion. Once again, the characters do not have to hunt
down invaders or make wartime deals and preparations
with other Kindred exclusively. They should continue
to attend to their own personal agendas, perhaps com-
bining efforts. Should the characters be generally
disinterested in Sabbat incursions into Savannah, you
can pique their interest by having the intruders cause
some harm or encroach upon local domains, specifi-
cally the characters'. Whether by intent or chance,
the Sabbat target some of the characters' holdings. If
the Ventrue intend to maintain control, they need to
take action. Cases of arson, assault and extortion

AcrIll: Sourern Nits

il


against characters' mortal concerns are certain to alarm
the undead. Indeed, that may well be the ideal means
by which characters learn that some Sabbat have made
it in and planted roots. More such evidence can be
found under "Gathering Information," below.

Characters may respond to the threat with direct
action. They can search out and confront the invad-
ers. They can pick a straight-up fight, ambush a pack
or contrive to have mortals, ghouls or other agents
face the intruders. Alternatively, a construction crew
might be fed a false address for work, compromising
the invaders' lair. Or a Sabbat hideout might be "mis-
taken" as a drug den by police. Such tactics have
short-term gains; packs are destroyed, driven out or
hamstrung. The Sabbat invasion plan is extensive,
however. More packs arrive and may tax the charac-
ters' physical, supernatural or influential capabilities.
That means seeking other, more organized and grand
means of counteracting the invasion. Indeed, if packs
are repeatedly defeated Sabbat warlord Jane Sims might
send in some Black Hand in response.

Other options available to the characters include
contacting sires to let them know what's happening.
Elders are likely disturbed, fearing that their legacy is
in danger, and instruct the characters to handle the
situation and offer help with gathering information.

Perhaps the most promising response is to seek an
audience with the prince, one or all of the primogen,
or with another elder in the city. What happens de-
pends on to whom the characters turn.

° The Prince: Huxley is initially skeptical of
characters' claims of landed invaders. She demands
hard evidence and insists that the coterie investigates
further if it can't provide what she considers sufficient
proof. If the characters have evidence, Huxley pro-
tests that she is too busy to handle the affair; the
existing needs of the city demand all her time. She
asks the characters to deal with the matter, offering
them a reward if they seem hesitant (possibly re-
sources, domain, hunting grounds, a boon or even
permission to sire a childe). Huxley offers the as:

tance of her contacts and can provide information
about and influence in local political, bureaucratic
and business affairs. (She is hesitant to just turn over
assets, however, for fear of revealing how much her
control has slipped.)

Huxley's longstanding tenure as prince makes her
doubtful of a Sabbat raid now, after so many years of
relative peace. If penitent vampires are so distressed
about an incursion, let them deal with the "problem."
While there are others she trusts more, she considers
the characters expendable. She can disassociate her-
self from them easily should events go bad. If the
characters fail tragically, she has reason to get rid of

DEFECTING AND BACKSTABBING |)

With the Sabbat arrived, two options are avail)
able to characters that are not explored in th
main text. The coterie could defect to the enemy!
or try to manipulate the Sabbat to take out Hux!
and/or several Camarilla elders of the city, hopi
to fill the vacancies.

Either is a loaded plan, rife with danger. Going
over to the Sabbat or playing both sides in antici
pation of going over to the winner of Sava

Bi must also flee from there once the Camati \
siege of that city gets underway (assuming tl
characters can escape anywhere). Then there's t
reality of the Sabbat's intentions for the chara
ters. The sect sees value in the newcomers only
long as they have something to offer. Once thai
resource is exhausted, the characters can expect to:
be cast aside or destroyed unless they have
personal power to make a stand in the sect.

Defecting characters are almost certainly di
owned by their sires and bloodlines. It would be
interesting, however, if Katla used the coterie as
go-between with the Sabbat in her own plans
change sides. Or she might ally with the characte
to coordinate a mass betrayal.

The characters' other possible course of using
the Sabbat to take out Huxley and other key locals:
has its own inherent challenges. The plan requires
setting the prince or primogen up without playing
one's hand and revealing collusion or betrayal.
Should targets survive an attack, the characte!
might be left holding the bag. Removing a stand-
ing Kindred also endangers the city. A rising
newcomer probably doesn't get respect from other
resident vampires, which breaks any united front'
that the Camarilla must show the Sabbat. Do tht
characters have the station or command to bring
the fight to the invaders, or do they make the
situation worse? And what ‘rivals might the up:
starts have to the throne? Does infighting among
Kindred damn them all to the invaders at the door?

them, eliminating a threat. And should the characters
succeed, well, they can be properly rewarded and
shuffled off to Atlanta once the siege gets underway.

¢ The Primogen Council: Should the characters
seek an audience with the assembled prince and

Tre Venus CHRONICLE

112


primogen, they have to wait at least one night, more if
they are not able to impress the severity of the problem
upon the elders. The council is almost as skeptical as
the prince herself. Jason does not truly believe that the
Sabbat is moving against Savannah, and Miranda is
lost in her own thoughts. Tarrence Moore is willing to
listen to the characters, though, and asks that the
council consider the information. Should the charac-
ters provide compelling evidence of a full assault (say,
the testimony of Lillian or the remains of a member of
the Black Hand), Tarrence pushes to have the charac-
ters put in charge of stopping the Sabbat, with the
council's support. Unless the characters completely
botch their presentation of the facts or offend every-
one, this course is eventually agreed upon. Tarrence is
appointed the characters' contact within the council
and becomes a staunch supporter of their cause.

¢ A Single Councilor: With the exception of
Tarrence, none of the councilors take the characters
completely serious. Like Huxley, they demand more
evidence before going further. Upon receiving such
proof, they call a meeting of the council, in which the
characters can present the situation. Tarrence calls for
ameeting immediately, with the same results as above.

Lillian: It's logical to consult Lillian on the
matter of invasion; she faces pack attacks but doesn't
yet know what they add up to. She has fears, but knows
that she needs conclusive proof of a Sabbat onslaught
before going to the prince. She is willing to back the
characters if they seek an audience. While Huxley is
less dubious of causes supported by Lillian, she still
demands evidence before making decisions.

* Victoria Ash or Daniel Parker: These two react
strongly to rumors of the Sabbat entrenchment.
Victoria suggests an audience with the prince and
council. While the council is more disposed to listen
to the characters when accompanied by such a re-
spected elder, the patronage does nothing to endear
them to Huxley, who thinks it all some plot directed at
her. Daniel also suggests a meeting with the council,
but tries to involve the characters in his plans to take
over the city at the same time. He's willing to offer the
characters positions as primogen, seneschal, Keeper of
Elysium and sheriff, as well as boons in exchange for
support. His plan is to use the Sabbat incursion to
demonstrate that Huxley is weak and unfit to rule.
Parker is a prime rival of any character who also seeks
personal control of the city.

¢ Katla: The ancient responds with interest to the
characters' news. She expertly questions the charac-
ters about their information, drawing out details and
considering them at some length. She then asks what
the characters know of the Sabbat, especially the
sect's beliefs. She talks about the Sabbat's philosophy,

that vampires should lord over humans and have the
freedom to act however they want. It's almost as if she
sounds out the characters on their stance (knowing
their sires and the history of their lineage as she does).
The characters may get the impression that she actu-
ally sympathizes with the enemy. If called on the
point, her position changes completely as she encour-
ages the characters to defend their domains by force,
perhaps by equipping a small force of ghouls. In the
end, the characters can come away as shocked at
Katla's behavior as by the urgency of the matters at
hand.

No matter what happens in meetings, the charac-
ters get the impression that Savannah is weak and
hardly prepared to stand up to a Sabbat crusade. The
Kindred are fractious, the prince is disinterested or
focused on retaining her power, and most elders are
complacent and slow to react. Getting the Kindred of
Savannah to react will take some doing. At the same
time, the characters draw attention to themselves.
The Sabbat may already know of them. Now Camarilla
elders may suspect the newcomers of "crying wolf" or
fear-mongering, perhaps to further their own ends.

GATHERING INFORMATION

Either spurred on by others or on their own initia-
tive, the characters gather evidence on Sabbat
establishment. A number of approaches are available
— the characters know invaders need to feed and have
places to crash during the day. Once again, areas of
influence are important, though a certain amount of
legwork is useful.

So far, only one or two packs have made it fully
into Savannah. They try to keep out of sight, but look
for opportunities to gain a toehold in town and to
bring more packs in. They squat in ruined houses,
making the slums of the Victorian district (which is
also close to downtown) an ideal option. The charac-
ters can sense their arrival through the police, who
receive reports of violence or disturbances among
indigents. Housing inspectors and developers can ex-
perience an upsurge in trespassing. Or sending agents
to check on dilapidated houses that have been sun-
proofed can give the characters an idea of where packs
are holed up.

Sabbat vampires understand they're in enemy ter-
ritory. Yet, there will always be a few who think
pulling a random person off the street, draining her
and dumping her body is acceptable (or necessary).
Contacts in the sanitation industry or along the water-
front might inform characters of bodies found.

Investigation may also suggest that Sabbat packs
are not strictly raiders, but information gatherers. The
characters might spot suspicious-looking individuals

AcrIll: Sourtern Nicats

113


loitering around popular nightspots, various museums
and the DeSoto Hotel, surveying crowds and taking
pictures. Or they may learn about people requesting
records of old building permits at City Hall. These
spies seek to find out which buildings seem to have
been renovated for vampiric tastes or needs.

If the characters have not yet encountered Marcus
Williams, information gathering might reveal his ef-
forts. The Lasombra buys run-down houses in the
Victorian district and rents cheap apartments in Thun-
derbolt (all to serve as housing for Sabbat packs). He
also buys his way into local businesses and starts up a
few new ones. He's doing his best to get an overview of
Savannah's financial sector, trying to figure out where
Kindred interests lie. While the characters might not
realize that a developer from Atlanta is a Sabbat
vampire, signs might clue them in. Maybe they over-
hear contractors talking about the extreme fireproofing
they had to perform after they finished a job. Or maybe
a building inspector relates that a new developer is
offering bribes to have building-code violations such
as boarded-up windows overlooked.

IN CHARGE

acters assigned the duty of investigating and coun-
teracting the Sabbat raid have their work cut out for them.
One of the biggest hurdles they face is gathering support and
rallying local Camarilla vampires. They, like Huxley, are
doubtful that Sabbat appearances are more than the intru-
sions of a few individuals, not the beginning of a crusade.
"This is Savannah," they protest, "not New York." They also
balk at being issued orders by relative newcomers to the city,
no matter what authority Huxley has assigned the characters.
Convincing residents to lend aid may require political ma-
neuvering, deal making and/or cajoling. Trading favors,
boons and areas of influence is one way to buy cooperation.
Threats are another if the characters have (or seem to have)
the clout to back them up.

But even if locals agree to help, they contribute as little
as they can. Maybe some money, access to certain buildings
or businesses, the aid of mortal agents or contacts, or the
service of ghouls who may have fallen out of favor. If some
elders have childer who have acted up lately or who need
some hard lessons in the way of the night, they might be
"volunteered" for the cause.

Lillian's coterie is willing to work with the characters,
whether willingly or out of obligation to the prince. That
group's main job remains patrolling Savannah's borders,
however. Tarrence lends a hand and even defers to the
characters' requests if the vampires seem competent. He is no
front-line fighter, though, and does have other responsibili-
ties (working with the city's other Tremere), so he cannot
help the characters every night. Victoria Ash is amenable to
assisting, but doesn't take orders and has no interest in

compromising herself. Her help comes in resources (in addi-
tion to her wealth, Victoria has nationwide contacts in high
society and the entertainment industry, and a few informants
still in place in Atlanta). She can also lend her name to the
effort. She is a renowned Kindred. If she announces her
support of the characters, others (those who seek to win her
favor or support) take notice.

Katla suddenly becomes quite willing to work with
the coterie. She has a good deal of influence and
wealth, supporting the characters as long as they keep
her well informed. If the characters do share informa-
tion, she uses it to make aggressive and
Masquerade-threatening strikes against the Sabbat,
forcing the characters to clean up her mess. If con-
fronted on such instances, she insists that a domain
should be protected through strength. She seems dis-
missive of any Masquerade breaches. In truth, Katla
seeks to test the invaders personally to see if they're
worthy of her alliance.

Scene 3: Moves
AND COUNTERMOVES

The characters are in charge of resisting the Sabbat
incursion and must fortify their position as well as
strike at the enemy. With information gathered by
advance scouts in the previous scene, the Sabbat now
sends war parties into Savannah to set the field for
battle. Jane Sims knows that parties can't just waltz
into town. They must sneak in. Connected characters
can arrange to have spotters such as road workers,
longshoremen and truckers along transportation routes
watch for trouble. Likewise, an information ring among
taxi drivers might alert characters to threats.

The following are encounters and scenarios that
may occur over a period of a couple weeks while the
characters are vigilant.

¢ A truckload of sewer pipes is transported into
Savannah. The vehicle passes through a weigh station
ona routine check and stowaways are discovered hid-
den in the pipes. The vampires assault anyone who |
finds them. By day, they seek cover immediately. By
night, they try to escape into town on foot. Frantic |
communications erupt among Department of Trans-
portation workers and/or police. Chosen confidants |
could dare to wake characters by day or report some |
kind of police standoff that lingers into night.

© If the characters post some kind of lookout at the
Savannah River, they get various reports, most disinterest-
ing, but one comes in of a boat discovered beached and
abandoned. A pack has used it to arrive in town and the
characters may rush to intercept the invaders.

Tre Ventrut CHRONICLE

114


* Contacts in a shoreline community report that
lights can be seen every night on one of the small,
supposedly uninhabited islands. A Sabbat pack could
have taken up residence on the island. Then again, it
could be campers, fishermen or kids making trouble.

¢ Watching Savannah International Airport is a
good idea. While most packs know the airport will be
monitored and it's dangerous to use planes to get into
the city, a pack does have itself shipped into Savannah
in large crates supposedly containing electronics equip-
ment. If the characters keep an eye on Marcus Williams'
businesses, they may learn that his people are sched-
uled to pick up or receive these crates.

¢ Lillian and her coterie are on constant lookout
and may intercept a pack coming in by back roads.
They might engage the intruders, but if the pack is too
large they report to the characters, who must find a
way to deal with the invasion.

* Contacts at the Coffee Bluff Marina report that
a boat is trying to dock without permission, and that
the crew seems quite unwilling to pay the docking fee.

¢ Reports come in of a youth gang raising hell in

one of the Southside suburbs. Investigation reveals
them to be bored middle-class teenagers.

¢ The Sabbat has cultivated contacts with the
Klan and has arranged for "incidents" on Savannah's
outskirts — arson, drive-by shootings or assault. A
pack tries to slip in amid the chaos of firefighters,

police, reporters, onlookers and angry protestors.

Allin all, maybe half a dozen parties hope to make
their way into the city. While the characters might be
able to intercept all of them, it's highly unlikely.
Information gatherers sent in first probably find holes
in the Camarilla defenses. Successful arrivals go to
ground in anticipation of war.

WHATTO Do wiTH THE ENemy P

Intercepting or rooting out Sabbat packs is one thing,
but deciding what to do with them is another. Destroying
them seems like the best option, but they don't have to be
exterminated immediately. They might have their uses.
Characters could decide to feed packs false information or to
watch them in hopes that they lead observers to other groups
or give away vital information.

Feeding disinformation to intruders is tricky. In-
vading packs trying to identify important Kindred,
locate havens and Elysiums, and generally get an idea
of the Kindred presence in Savannah in anticipation
| of war. Tricking a pack into thinking a young vampire
isan elder might be plausible. Other known elders may
be requested to seem to defer to the poser, and he may
give orders when observed. Or the characters might
make a specific place seem like an important Elysium.

ActIll: Souter Nests

115

Either tactic can fool the Sabbat into staging useless
attacks when hostilities break out. Or impetuous packs
may be drawn out of hiding in the belief that they can
make an easy kill.

In general, packs have their own orders and don't
unite. They might do so, however, if each loses mem-
bers and needs to bolster its strength. Picking off
solitary targets might encourage packs to cooperate
and provide larger targets.

Eventually, packs invading Savannah have to be
dealt with. Sure, attacking them directly or sending in
ghouls armed with stakes and axes during the day is a
possible strategy. The attrition rate is likely to be high
in either case, however. Far better to eliminate the
enemy at a distance by having havens opened to the
sun or burned down. See Scene 4 for what problems
such efforts entail.

Characters can also try to drive off the Sabbat in
nonviolent ways. While it's not easy — the packs are
determined to stay — cunning characters might be
able to use their influence in subtle ways. Invaders
may not have backup havens, so arranging for struc-
tures to be condemned is a possibility. While the
Sabbat cares little for the Masquerade, intruders don't
want trouble with the police before all-out war. If
characters manage to frame one or more members of a
pack and give their descriptions to the police, they
could convince a pack to leave rather than deal with
interference. The characters could play on poverty or
racism and set Sabbat agents up to be the targets of
mobs. Maybe a Sabbat is pointed to the killer of a little
girl and citizens seek their own justice. Or Marcus
Williams is accused of conducting biased hiring prac-
tices and equal-rights organizations investigate him.
By these means, packs are neutralized for fear of play-
ing their hand, or are forced to flee the pressures
imposed on them.

MiIssIONs

The following are some of the assignments that packs
have been given in Savannah. The characters can intercept
these vampires, stop their missions, or at least interrupt
invaders' efforts to get the war underway.

© Knowing about the city's vampires, habits, haunts and
havens is paramount to the Sabbat. A pack skilled in surveil-
lance and stealth is assigned this duty. The invaders know
that Savannah's elders are caught in the past and mingle with
mortal high society. They therefore focus on the cultural
attractions of downtown and the Victorian district, as well as
on the business quarter. Once a target is identified as undead,
the pack follows her, trying to establish her allies and haven.

Characters can spot these spies by the same means
used to identify Camarilla vampires: by who spends a
lot of time observing, without mingling, or who talks

Kata

While characters are.immersed in the shadow
war with the Sabbat, it's important to give them
glimmers of developing events. Katla grows closer to.
snapping. Her observation of Sabbat activities in the
city incites her, Not to anger, but-to cast off the
pretensions of the Camarilla once and forallandjoin
the enemy. These invaders are closer in spirit to her
than the undead whom she currently tolerates.

During characters' strategies against the
Sabbat packs established in town, any encounters
with Katla are alarming. She is erratic, one mo-
ment energetic and willing to take the fight to the |
Sabbat (as per to her long-standing oath to the
Camarilla), The next, she is morose and contem-
plative, bemoaning the Masquerade and
Traditions, half in English and half in a foreign
language. Arthe least, they hear that she's losing
her grip on her domains and that she has killed at
least one of her ghouls in a fit of rage.

eae

Pasgpenreans .

but never eats or drinks. Use of Auspex can also reveal
unknown vampires. Such cat-and-mouse games allow
characters an opportunity to mislead observers, per-
haps feeding them false information about elders,
havens and meeting places as suggested previously. Or
characters can plan an elaborate ambush once a pack
shadows them.

* In an effort to gather information about hold-
ings, business interests and havens, one pack is assigned
to go through deeds, building-inspector reports and
other kinds of paperwork. Characters with interests in
these forums can learn of the intrusion (or elders who
are involved can report it). The characters might
counter-bribe clerks to deny access to certain records,
arrange for false information to become available, or
confound pack members with more bureaucracy and
red tape than they can cut through.

© While packs are armed they have foregone heavy
gear to get into the city. One pack has therefore been
instructed to break into Fort Stewart and make off
with some ordnance to distribute. If the characters
have contacts at the base, the break-in might coincide
with a meeting with these people. Or the military
might try to cover up the loss, but the characters learn'
of it "through the grapevine." A clash with these
Sabbat has the potential to be high action; the invad-
ers are willing to use their gear. If the characters have
no such contacts, they can read about the theft in the"
paper and word of the weapons might spread on the"
street. The characters could try to get in on the goods
or have agents do so on their behalf.

The Venue Cerone

116


* The packs need cash. While Williams is able to
make considerable resources available, one pack is
assigned the task of cultivating contacts with drug
dealers. The invaders bring in contraband from At-
lanta, which is then converted into cash in Savannah.
Characters with contacts among drug dealers, people
in the slums or the police can learn of these new
players. Characters without such contacts might hear
about a bust or the discovery of a major Atlanta-
Savannah supply line.

The characters have a number of ways to interfere
with this mission. They could tip off the police, con-
vince locals that the Atlanta dealers are trying to
double-cross them, rally neighborhoods against the
dealers or move into the market themselves and un-
dercut the Sabbat's efforts.

SABBAT STRENGTHS

If you foresee a lot of fighting between the charac-
ters and Sabbat packs, it might be a good idea to draw
up a few packs, complete with Attributes, Abilities
and Disciplines.

Most groups sent into Savannah have three to five
members. More would mean visibility, while fewer
would mean a pack couldn't cover ground. Members
are primarily rank-and-file foot soldiers (created with
normal character-creation rules), while a few are a bit
more experienced. Some might even match the char-
acters in experience. Of course, you can tailor packs to
characters' interests. If the characters are combat ex-

| perts commanding a small ghoul army, then the Sabbat
enemies should be powerful enough to present a chal-
lenge. But if the characters are investment bankers,
you probably want to downscale opponents' physical
capabilities.

Profiles for various Sabbat opponents are provided
at the end of this act.

TAKING CARE OF BUSINESS

While packs sneak into and get to work in town,
Marcus Williams and his pack do their best to learn of
Kindred-influenced businesses. Connected Ventrue
probably sense Williams' intrusion and may work to
counteract him with their own influence.

Keeping an eye on the business section of the local
paper might let characters know where Williams fo-
| cuses his attention. Contacts with local developers
jand in City Hall can help characters identify Will-
jams' people, learn when they are coming to town, who
they see, and what ventures they pursue. Legal and
bureaucratic contacts might help delay Williams'
projects, while the police can pick up his people (ghouls
and normal mortals) for various violations, interfering
with their activities.

Such dalliances comprise a mere game, however.
Tit-for-tat strikes accomplish little against the larger
threat of Sabbat invasion. Some characters might there-
fore decide to head into Atlanta to find Williams and
eliminate or kidnap him. That is a bold move and
requires a lot of planning. While the characters might
be able to determine the addresses of Williams' hold-
ings in Atlanta, there's no guarantee that he will be
present — or that his private retreats can be discov-
ered at all. Add to that the fact that Atlanta is a
Sabbat stronghold and going there becomes an ex-
tremely dangerous proposition.

An alternative is to lure Williams to Savannah.
His people could be used to bait him with urgent
matters that "he must attend to." A seemingly innocu-
ous deal with mortals — characters' agents — might be
too tempting for him to resist. The characters' back-
and-forth game with him might turn more overt, with
Ventrue revealing themselves and inviting Williams
to a negotiation in person — a battle of wits and
business acumen. In fact, Williams and his pack might
be eager to come to Savannah to do hands-on work,
especially if the characters have seriously stalled their
operations.

Capturing or killing Williams is not easy. He's no
neonate, and while no other members of his pack
match his age, they are all capable and experienced.
On the other hand, none of them are fighters. Lillian's
coterie or a number of ghouls may overwhelm Will-
iams and his allies.

Scene 4:
A Domestic DROBLEM

Katla has finally decided to create her own realm,
modeled after her romanticized recollection of how
things were back in the Dark Medieval. She sees
herself as a mistress of humanity, unfettered by such
silly notions as the Masquerade. The result is a potent
elder endangering local vampires, the unified front of
the Camarilla and, perhaps most important to the
characters, their own holdings.

Just how her madness unfolds depends on the
characters' interests. It's important that her decline
threatens their domains and interests to involve them
personally in the trouble she causes.

Hit the characters' strengths. If they sell drugs to
suburban teenagers, Katla's wanton feeding and abuses
attract police attention to that arena. If the characters
have extensive contacts at Fort Stewart, Katla abducts
a number of soldiers to serve as ghouls in her private
guard. If characters have allies among the wealthy,

AcrIll: Soumtern Nicats

117


Katla sires a few childer among the elite and lets them
roam free in these neighborhoods.

When the characters investigate disturbances, they
soon realize that the source of their problems is Katla.
In accordance with her feeding restriction, which she
only partially observes any longer, she has picked
fights with the strongest or most dangerous men she
can find — drug dealers, bodyguards, trained soldiers.
Characters who know her or who have heard of her in
the past may recognize her feeding habits. Witnesses
may also describe someone who sounds like Katla, but
unlike the vampire whom the characters have ever
known. It sounds as if she's lost control, gone feral like
a mad woman. Accounts may also speak of a woman
raging in German or some language like it. (Note that
while Katla certainly kills and feeds from anyone in
her bestial state, she gains no sustenance from victims
who do not fit her feeding restriction.)

If the characters have had cordial relations with
Katla before, they might wonder why she acts against
them now. If they've been in conflict with her, they
may wonder why she's being so overt and heavy-
handed, especially in the face of Sabbat incursion.
Katla's actions may only threaten the characters' hold-
ings by coincidence, but as soon as they protect their
domains she takes it as an attack and regards the
characters as enemies.

MEEeTING WITH KATLA

When the characters learn that their troubles
stem from Katla, they likely want to meet with her.
She receives them in her haven in the Landings, the
interior of which has been given a distinct medieval
look. Partly because of her desire to return to her past,
and partly to demonstrate her courage, Katla lights her
haven with only fire and has purchased great wooden
tables and high-backed chairs. Modern devices such as
telephones and computers have been banished.

Katla is haughty and self-confident. She considers
the characters to be hopelessly rooted in the weak
modern age and derides them for it. Her behavior
marks her as borderline insane. The dangerous gleam
in her eye warns characters that she is close to snap-
ping altogether. Reasoning with her is almost
impossible unless the characters are willing to put
away their modern manner of thinking — or pretend
to do so.

If the characters try to intimidate, bully or threaten
Katla, she laughs and has them thrown out, possibly
even doing so herself. Adopting a medieval mindset,
however — calling upon the power of legacy (as the
characters' sires and grandsires knew Katla) and possi-
bly throwing in some words of respect or pretending to
have the same kind of disregard for modern weakness

— allows characters to have a somewhat civil conver
sation. Doing so requires some shrewd acti
(Manipulation + Subterfuge, difficulty 9 if charac!
know nothing about the medieval era; difficulty 8
they possess at least Academics 1; difficulty 7 if
has listened to his sire's and grandsire's tales). Karla'
current mindset doesn't make her all that alert to lie
She knows that she's right; it's only natural that other
would come around to her way of thinking.

If the characters establish a civil conversatia
with Katla, they learn that she's decided to mak
Georgia her own domain, ruled in the old style,
that she contemplates striking a deal with the Sabb
If that isn't enough to earn her the characters' cot
tempt, she refuses to stop jeopardizing their domai
If the characters convince her that they share ht
beliefs, she may offer them a chance to become hi
vassals, but she won't alter her plans or behavior.
the end, the characters probably leave the meeti
with a sense that a final confrontation is at hand.

Should the characters go to the prince after meel
ing with Katla, Huxley, predictably puts the character
in charge of dealing with the ancient. She claim
she's too busy attending to other matters critical to th
defense of the city. In truth, she hopes to avoid dirt
confrontation with Katla, using the characters as pr
ies just as in the war effort.

See the "Defecting and Backstabbing" sidebar
characters contemplate joining her.

THe FINAL STRAW

Katla decides to meet with the Sabbat, using e
ther information given to her earlier by the characte
to locate a pack, or simply by acting in a way
attracts invader attention. (Her recent assaults
violations fit the bill.) If the characters keep Katla:
a Sabbat pack under surveillance, either by themsel\
or through agents, they learn about the meeting
can do something about it. If they don't keep tabs,
meeting is held somewhere close to the one of
characters' domains, allowing them to learn of |
Alternatively, Lillian and her coterie or another of|
characters' allies alerts them.

An ideal option, especially if Williams and
pack have not yet come to Savannah or if Williamst
not been captured, is to have Katla meet with
Williams is the de facto second-in-command of 1
invaders. It makes sense that he should meet wi
potential defector, especially of this caliber. Su
meeting may allow the characters to capture Willi
and possibly even save him from death at Kal
hands.

The Sabbat pack is naturally edgy, suspectin|
trap. Katla is overconfident and comes alone, secur

The Ventrur CHRONICLE

118

WASSAIL
Being in Wassail is not the same as being in
a permanent state of frenzy, but it's close. The
subject is completely under the control of her
Beast; who adopts a fight, flight or feed attitude.
Katla is not totally lost, however. She still has
moments of lucidity —times when she is able to
think straight, thoughyher behavior is still af-
fected by the Beast. These moments slowly fade
over a few months, reducing the woman to a
completely feral state, though she can hopefully
be dealt with before then. A vampire in Wagsail
is called a wight. The condition is given a thor-—
ough treatment in Sins of the Blood. Here is a
quick rundown of the technical effects (these do
not apply to Katla during her moments of lucid-
ity): id ae
A wight soaks bashing and lethal damage
at -1 difficulty and suffers wound penalties
only from damage inflicted by fire and sun-
"light.
All uses of Dominate and Presence (except Dread
Gaze) on her are at +2 difficulty,
Appearance isautomatically 1. Wights look inhuman.
_. The only Abilities that remain at normal levels are
Athletics, Brawl, Dodge, Intimidation and Stealth.
Wights have no Empathy, and Abilities that require
social interaction, contemplation ora delicate touch
such as Academics and Finance are. off limits. Other
Abilities might be retained; a wight holds onto one dot
of remaining Abilities for every Willpower point she has
over 3.
Wights resist frenzy and Rétschreck at +3 difficulty
when they bother to resist at all. They normally flee fire
and sunlight, and enter frenzy in any serious combat.

the knowledge that she is the most powerful Cainite in
the city. Disrupting the meeting is quite easy. The
characters have a number of options. They can take
Matters into their own hands, possibly backed up by
Lillian and/or Tarrence, and attack the pack as it
meets with Katla. Or they can have ghouls do simi-
larly, possibly sniping Katla or the pack from far away.
Or they can use their influence to have the police
arrive ona tip that the meeting is a drug deal. They can
alert neighborhood gangs that others are muscling in
on their turf. Or characters can inform hostile racial
groups that intruders encroach upon their presumed
territory.

No matter how the meeting is disrupted, one of
the Sabbat panics and shots are fired (much to the
| detriment of the Masquerade, especially if mortals are

involved). Katla snaps, losing her last shred of self-
control and plunging into Wassail. If the characters
are present, they witness her transformation. You could
have players roll Courage, difficulty 4, for characters
to avoid frenzy and flight as their own Beasts are
confronted with a superior predator. Katla fights for a
while, but if she meets determined resistance she flees
to her haven (where she regains composure... for
now).

If the characters take absolutely no action at the
meeting, purely observing, they overhear initial terms
discussed for Katla's betrayal. Williams' is in a posi-
tion to offer nothing, but hears the defector's terms
with the promise of a future meeting. Katla's demands
are the same expectations that she might have shared
with the characters before — personal control of the
city and Atlanta to preside over them as she likes, in
the "old way." During this conversation, Katla takes
offense to even the slightest thing, but barely controls
herself. The Sabbat agents recognize their danger and
quickly behave obligingly. Meanwhile, the characters
recognize how close the ancient is to falling to the
Beast completely.

We Havea DRopitem

The characters probably realize that Katla is lost,
whether they know of the condition of Wassail or not.
Informing the other Kindred of the city, or at least the
prince and other luminaries, is probably wise. Huxley,
Victoria Ash and Jason Bishop all recognize the signs
of Wassail, although they are unable to tell the char-
acters anything more than what happens when a
Kindred loses her struggle with the Beast. The che
ters' sires also know about Wassail and can furnish
additional information: A vampire in Wassail seems to
be unhindered by wounds, flees from fire and sunlight,
and behaves more like an animal than a person.

The characters may decide that Katla is not their
problem; they're supposed to deal with the Sabbat. In
that case, the prince has others take care of it. That
deferral of responsibility proves frustrating, though.
Others have trouble tracking, finding and dealing
with the ancient. If she has decided that the charac-
ters are enemies, she continues to commit abuses and
cause trouble in their domains, being a major thorn in
their sides. If the characters remain dedicated to the
fight against the Sabbat, it's out of sheer determina-
tion and focus, possibly at the cost of holdings lost to
the bestial elder. Katla calls the characters out. Left to
her own devices, she is brought down in the end,
probably by Lillian and her coterie. But that effort
directs attention away from the fight against the Sabbat,
strains the Masquerade and results in the death of
multiple Kindred.

AcTIll: Souder Nicats

119


Katla's state presents a moral from which charac-
ters can learn. Wassail afflicts complete neonates who
cannot handle the transition into a vampire, and
elders who feel the weight of the ages. Katla is a
contemporary of the characters' grandsires, which raises
the question of whether grandsires themselves are
falling to the Beast. What would become of the char-
acters' legacy should their forebears end up as ravening
monsters?

WAR COUNCIL

Katla's behavior and intended defection adds to
the trouble already posed by the Sabbat invasion.
Calling some sort of meeting of other Kindred might
be a good idea. If the characters don't hit upon the idea
themselves, the prince decides to call a council. (After
all, this is a great way for her to eliminate a powerful
rival in Katla.) She asks the characters as managers of
the war effort to arrange the meeting, putting the
conference hall in the DeSoto Hotel at their disposal.
She suggests that only the most prominent Kindred of
the city be invited, but doesn't protest if the charac-
ters decide that all the city's vampires should attend.

Organizing the council, especially with Sabbat
packs still out there, is not easy. Some local Kindred
fear being exposed to the invaders. Calling upon the
help of Jason Bishop is an option. Not even he can
discount the threat of Sabbat incursion at this point,
and being prominent in organizing a response to Katla's
threat poses opportunities for him. He proves surpris-
ingly helpful, though takes credit for everything that
goes right and blames the characters for everything
that goes wrong. The characters or other organizers
also need to take care that word of the event doesn't
get back to Katla. The sooner it's held the better, but
quick action may leave slow or waffling Kindred out.

Most residents are willing to meet as long as secu-
tity is guaranteed. Putting all local vampires in one
room makes for a tempting target, after all. Victoria
Ash is less than happy to leave her plantation, and
some young vampires blow off the meeting believing
that the elders will ignore them anyway.

Discussions

Once the council is underway, the characters have
a great opportunity to present their recent achieve-
ments. They're asked to lay out all the information
they have, so everyone can discuss how to prevent a
full crusade, and how to deal with Katla. The charac-
ters can brag or be humble, adding even further depths
to their cunning, but this is their moment of glory. Of
course, that presumes the characters have had the
upper hand throughout events. If they've botched
operations they may be less than willing to report it, or
rivals may point fingers at them.

It quickly made clear once again that the Kindred
of Savannah are factious, self-centered, lethargic and
willing to let old grudges get in the way, even in the
face of a Sabbat threat and a rogue elder. They're
disinterested in each other's losses of domain to the
Sabbat. They see little danger in Katla's tirade as long
as it doesn't affect them directly. The characters need
to tread a fine line when asking for opinions, as some |
vampires resent even the most polite requests to put"
assets at the characters' disposal or to set differences |
aside. Also, some of the city's Kindred are unwilling to
defer to the characters, even after hearing what they've
accomplished and knowing that the prince supports
the "upstarts."

In the end, however, some plans should be formal
lated. This is a good opportunity to suggest ways of |
dealing with Katla and the Sabbat that have not yet |
occurred to the characters.

One FeLi Swoop
Should any of the Sabbat packs learn of it, the war {
council is too good of an opportunity to pass up and they
attack. If the characters aré smart enough to
guards, they are rewarded fortheir foresight. If not, th
are punished. Ironically, cunning and coldihearnat
characters may even consider the meeting a good way
to draw out any Sabbat packs. They may intenti

that the information will get to the enemy. Indiv:
characters may therefore have contingency er Y
place for their own or group survival at the hi
Maybe they prearrange an escape route. Itsa ads

ploy, but brilliant if it can be pulled off.

Withall Ge ae seal
prestigious — gathered in one place, no pacl
enough to just burst in. An attack likely takes pe a
ofa firebombing or ambush on one of more attendeesas
they leave the hotel. If the Sabbat successfully bomb
the meeting, at least one of the city's important Ki
dred may meet Final Death. One could even be Huxley.
Should the prince die, Daniel Parker does his best to
claim the position (possibly backed by the charact
who can then demand payment for their support): Th
demise of other elders also opens up different possibi
ties for the characters' to occupy available areas of
influence.

The capture or destruction of. de attackers is a
setback for the Sabbat right now, but not/an.insur-
mountable one. There are probably other packsin town —
or on the way. Assuming most attendees survive the —
meeting, they could be galvanized by the attack, willing

of one or more of their number.
ces

Tue Ventrut Crone

120

/
t
to support the characters, or rallied by the martyrdom |

TAHING KatLa DOWN

Hopefully the players (and characters) realize that
taking on Katla in a straight fight is sheer folly. She's
an ancient on par with the characters' grandsires, and
has only become more fearsome after succumbing to
the Beast. Any previous confrontation, either with
the coterie or the Sabbat, should give the characters a
sense of what she's capable of doing. The characters
may also consider the Traditions, especially the Mas-
querade. Disregard for these very laws is what makes
Katla so offensive. If the characters trample the Mas-
querade in dealing with her, are they any different, or
worse, in danger of falling to the Beast themselves?

In her arrogant and feral state, Katla is motivated
by one basic instinct: survival, be it hunger, flight or
aggression. Her base mentality can be used to maneu-
ver her into a situation in which she can be captured
or destroyed. Her craving to return to the old ways is
also a weapon to be turned against her. She believes
that might makes right. She believes in personal ac-

{ complishment. She therefore deals with problems
directly and personally, making a trap possible.

HAVEN SCOUTING

Characters or agents may survey Katla's haven in
the Landings. She probably continues to use it, the
core of her domain. What does she have to fear? She

} has destroyed all of her ghouls in bestial episodes, but
has Embraced a few childer without permission. Many
are as raging as she is, having received little indoctri-
nation. Though untrained, these vampires are quite
dangerous as childer of someone of such low genera-
tion.

The characters likely know where Katla's haven
is; they may have gone there before. Getting in to talk
to or defeat her is not easy, at least at night. There are
always active Cainites on the prowl, and some might
wake up by daylight if disturbed. It's difficult to open
the haven to daylight, because Katla has done her best
to proof the building against the sun and she sleeps in

f the deepest, most secure part along with her childer.
Setting fire to the building (and ensuring that
firefighters arrive late) is an option, but can result in
widespread destruction and might put the characters'
Humanity in doubt.

Katla's return to an old existence can be played
against her by young, savvy characters. They could

f manipulate a wrecking crew to smash down the wrong

} building, perhaps through a falsified work order. They

J} might try to buy her haven and can then do with it as

f they please. They could have power and water cut off

f to the entire block so that repair crews arrive during
the day. The city historical society could push hard to
have the building renovated. Eschewing connections

to such modern establishments and systems, Katla may
be powerless to fight back and could be driven from
shelter.

The primary advantage of striking during the day
is that Katla cannot act due to her lack of Humanity.
Are the characters aware of that facet of Wassail,
though? Do sires share that kind of information, or are
they fearful that childer might turn it against them
one night? Does research into the condition reveal
such a delicate aspect of it? If not, the characters are
left believing they have an incredibly powerful elder
on their hands at all times.

Pariey

Should the characters get the crazy idea of talking
to Katla, they might get an audience if they're careful
and play their cards right. She's quick to dismiss in-
truders to the whims of her childer if she has clashed
with the characters before. Appeals to grandsires' re-
lationships with Katla may buy the coterie some time,
as might offers of serving her according to her feudal
style.

To test characters' sincerity, she insists that they
set up another meeting with the Sabbat. She believes
their complicity in her plans means they have as much
to lose as she does. The characters, meanwhile, may
see an opportunity to apologize to the Camarilla later
rather than ask permission now. They could arrange a
trap for the ancient or intend to pit the Sabbat against
her and kill two birds with one stone.

AMBUSH

While a straight-up fight may be out of the ques-
tion, an ambush involving several allies, Kindred and
ghouls, might work. It's a crude solution with the
potential to go horribly wrong, breaking the Masquer-
ade and getting individuals killed, but it could succeed.

The hard part is gathering allies willing to fight
Katla. The characters' own ghouls might be willing,
forced or tricked into it. Huxley might sacrifice one of
her retainers if the characters present a solid plan.
Victoria Ash might be persuaded to donate one of her
ghouls, though he or she doesn't come cheap.

Few Kindred are willing to put themselves in harm's
way. Lillian and her coterie lend a hand if ordered to
by the prince. While they are capable fighters, they're
young and not used to facing vampires of Katla's
stature. Tarrence can be persuaded to contribute if he
and the characters have had an affable relationship
thus far, though he insists on keeping his distance,
using his Thaumaturgy to deplete Katla's blood supply.
Strong enough ties persuade him to perform a ritual or
two. Daniel Parker adds his name if he sees opportu-
nity to make a play for power, but may just as quickly
flee once a fight gets underway.

AcrIll: Sourseen Nicats

121


Katla generally does her best to escape numerical supe-
tiority (unless defending her haven or a fresh kill). The
characters need to devise a plan to trap her, or be prepared to
pursue her. They can scout out an area where Katla moves
and prepare their course. Maybe she can be cornered in a
tenement or hemmed into a construction yard.

Characters have to consider the Masquerade, too.
Any fight needs to take place out of sight (or witnesses
need to be dealt with). Arrangements could be made
to distract police elsewhere, or to have them overlook
calls from a certain area at a certain time.

HerDING Katia

Characters could try to direct Katla into a trap or a
situation in which she'll be destroyed. Say, in.an open field at
sunrise. This approach works best when Katla is totally in the
grip of Wassail, which is often. Indeed, she could be lucid one
moment and provoked into a rage the next.

Herding Katla can be done in several ways. If the
characters do enough research (and call upon their
grandsires) they might learn Katla's feeding prefer-
ence if they don't already know it. She hunts men
whom she has bested in contest. With her Beast risen
so high, she might be able to dismiss her preference
from time to time, but she comes back to it. Characters
could prepare a victim with mental Disciplines, elimi-
nating fear in him or causing him to be deranged, and
put him in harm's way. When Katla goes to feed, she
can be interrupted, which allows her victim to escape.
He runs a prearranged route that brings Katla right
into the characters' hands. Of course, the bait is men-
tally, emotionally and perhaps physically destroyed —
a blow to characters' Humanity.

Characters could also herd her in a desired direc-
tion with fire. She might be drawn into a warehouse
that is set ablaze, for example, flames pushing her in
the characters' desired direction.

Vampires could even be so brazen as to pick a fight
with her and then retreat is small steps, egging her on.

Where to herd Katla depends on what characters intend to
accomplish. Maybe they can lure her onto one of the fort's
airstrips, as far from any hangars as possible. She could be drawn
into the salt marches or to the middle of a big golf course. An
abandoned factory could work. The main problem is that Katla
possesses Earth Meld, so if she's trapped somewhere near earth,
she can escape. She definitely uses the power to avoid the sun.
Characters might learn of her capability fom sires, local rumor
or even from members of the Sabbat who have studied the
ancient. An initial trap could go wrong because of this power,
forcing characters to set another (and necessarily more crafty
one). They might even play their influence with construction
crews and have a backhoe at their disposal.

Characters with foresight seek to exhaust Katla of blood.
Tarrence can help with Thaumaturgy, but the coterie can strike

Tue Venue CHRonicue

Fo

at the ancient before she has fed and harry her, tricking her into
using Disciplines before their trap is set. Characters also need to
be prepared to escape the sun themselves if immolation is their
goal. Having loyal ghouls ready with blankets and a van (and
possibly a fire extinguisher) is a good idea.

Any trap needs to be strong enough to hold Katla.
Getting her intoanormal room or building doesn't work. She
can smash through brick walls. Some sort of heavy metal cage J
with inch-thick bars and heavy-duty welding might hold her |
long enough for the characters to douse her in gasoline and set
her on fire. An abandoned chemical factory might have a
laboratory designed to be sealed. A bomb shelter or bank
vault might accomplish the same. Fort Stewart definitely has
various rooms that are virtually impossible to escape, though
leading Katla in a chase around the base may be a tremendous
violation of the Masquerade. Or maybe the characters know
of an old, dilapidated house where a section of floor just waits
to collapse, dumping anyone into the basement where the
stairs are out.

Once the characters have Katla, they need a means
of doing horrific harm to her. Fire has been men-
tioned. Explosives are a possibility. A massive amount
of scrap iron could be dumped on her in an old factory.
Heavy weapons might be turned on her. It all comes
down to character ingenuity and access.

Enemy vs. ENemy

Characters might decide to pit Katla against Sabbat
agents whom they know of. If the coterie knows where
a particularly dangerous Sabbat pack is holed up, Katla
might be lured into the lair or the war party might be
drawn to her, allowing the characters to pick up the
pieces. The ancient and the Sabbat both need to be
manipulated to ensure that neither flees immediately.
Again, fire dissuades Katla from going in certain direc-
tions.

In her ongoing plan to set herself up as lord and
ally of the Sabbat, Katla arranges other meetings with
the sect (or has the characters arrange them for her).
Both parties are wary of each other. Any small thing
going wrong could incite someone to violence, par-
ticularly the defector. Or the characters might have
the meeting place set on fire, driving Katla into frenzy.

The main problem with this plan, aside from set-
ting up the encounter, is that neither Katla nor the
Sabbat care about the Masquerade once a battle is
underway. Characters need to handle the police, wit-
nesses and possibly even journalists and camera crews.
Then again, such subtlety is a classic Ventrue forte.

Otner Options?

The preceding ideas are just possibilities for handling
Katla. If your players come up with another plan, go with it.
If they seem stuck, allies could suggest one or more ideas and
leave the characters to do all the rest.

122


Scene 5:
KNow YouR ENEMY

With Katla out of the picture one way or another,
it's time for the characters to return their attention to
the Sabbat. In their initial struggles against packs, the
characters may have acquired clues as to how the
incursion is organized. Indeed, they may have cap-
tured a few Sabbat and have Williams in custody,
maybe as a direct result of dealing with Katla.

If the characters had a lot of trouble dealing with
Katla and have been distracted from their main effort,
the packs stand strong and the characters' struggle is

f)_ J allthe tougher. If the fight to take Katla down dragged
on and caused a lot of collateral damage, a pack might
] J return to Atlanta (unless stopped by the characters) to

report that the Camarilla can't even control its own,
setting off a full crusade. Preserving the city becomes
all but impossible if Katla defects. She's the Sabbat's
main weapon, giving them all the information they

need.
: If the characters dealt quickly, decisively and -
most important — ruthlessly with Katla, the Sabbat

may be shaken. Packs could decide that they don't
want to tangle with the coterie. Others might return
to Atlanta and report that Savannah is too difficult a
target, with powerful Kindred willing and able to take
down their own elders. Jane Sims may even be moti-
vated to come to Savannah herself to take care of the
situation rather than lose face.

INTERROGATION

Most crusade soldiers are fanatics. They're the
type who try to gouge out their own eyes to avoid
Dominate, or who seek Final Death rather than cap-
ture. Interrogating them doesn't yield a lot, even if
characters get their hands on some of the less extreme
Cainites. Dominate reveals little because soldiers know
very little. On the other hand, should the characters
gain a reputation from their clash with Katla, soldiers
might be intimidated.

Williams is not a crazy fanatic, and he knows a
great deal about the operation. Characters can buy his
information or even offer him amnesty in return for his
help. Threats don't make him spill his guts; he knows

s exhausted.
Promises of protection and access to domains abroad

he could be destroyed once his usefulness

appeal to his sensibilities.

Some invading packs might even be interested in cutting
deals. Should the characters offer them wealth or influence
away from Savannah, one might be willing to change alle-
giance. That's especially true if the characters handled Katla

ActIll: Sournern Nicats
123

(Cg


brutally. The coterie might be more frightening in person
than Sabbat leaders are from afar.

Given time, use of Disciplines, pressure and wheel-
ing and dealing, the characters can discover the
following bits of information. The first four points are
known by soldiers. The rest can be learned from Wil-
liams or members of his pack.

* The infiltration is led by a warlord named Jane
Sims. The characters can get a description of her,
though they may realize that appearance is relative
among some clan members. If the characters have
contacts among important Kindred in New York, they
can learn that Jane was involved in some east coast
battles and that she is considered dangerous.

¢ The preliminary infiltration effort involves about
a half-dozen to a dozen packs. Neither soldiers nor
Williams knows the exact number. Most soldiers know
of at least one other pack, while Williams is aware of
the names of a few, but not their size or membership.
Still, this should give the characters some idea of
whether or not they have intercepted some or most of
the enemy's initial wave.

The Sabbat is still in the information-gathering
step of the crusade, planting moles. Everyone will
know when the full crusade begins.

* Jane is not member of a pack, but has a single
bodyguard. She has been known to join packs to en-
sure that specific missions are accomplished, and is
respected as a result. Thus far she has remained in
Atlanta to oversee efforts.

* Archbishop Sutphen has expressed interest in
leading the crusade on Savannah, but has been too
busy handling affairs in Atlanta. Should Jane be elimi-
nated, he might seize the opportunity.

In addition to information about the invasion, charac-
ters can learn valuable details about Atlanta's Sabbat,
including Sutphen's official haven, who bishops are, a rough
estimate of the number of Sabbat in town, what businesses
they have interests in, and where pack members gather. This
information might not be of much use right now, but comes
in very handy when the Camarilla is ready to assault Atlanta.
Characters armed with this information gain recognition and
reward for it.

SCENE O:
THe FINAL SOLUTION

By now, the characters may be able to stop the
crusade before it begins in earnest, or they have failed
in their efforts and the enemy is poised to attack.

There are various means by which the characters
can stop the Sabbat once and for all. They could try to

lure Jane Sims to Savannah and take her down. While
she's eager to come to the city to oversee the action
personally, she only does so from a position of strength
or desperation. She needs to believe that all-out war is
about to erupt, or something drastic needs to be done
before the effort dies completely. Reports of pack
successes convince her of the first. Sabbat invaders
could genuinely make headway in Savannah, or the
characters feed Sims inflated news of success. Informa-
tion on packs being captured or bought off, or loss of
all contact with infiltrators could also lure her in.

A barrage of discouraging information, including
reports of the Camarilla being ruthless enough to
dispose of its own elders, could be enough for Sims to
give up the campaign altogether. Tactics such as send-
ing a trash bag full of Sabbat ashes to Atlanta delivers
a clear message and makes for a character victory.

If Jane feels it's time to go to Savannah, characters
need to subdue her to contain her. Simply killing her
certainly slows the Sabbat's effort, but with Jane gone,
Archbishop Sutphen takes over. That could mean
even bigger trouble for Savannah. While Sutphen is
not as subtle as Sims, he is ruthlessly efficient.

Sims can be lured into a snare. She is wary, even
if the characters manage to get Williams and/or other
pack members to draw her in. She seeks to meet
anyone in the suburbs, away from known Camarilla
holdings. Sims uses Auspex to examine groups who
approach. She doesn't surrender and is a fearsome
opponent. Staking her doesn't work, either. Her heart
is encased in bone. Attackers must subdue her without
the luxury of sending her into torpor. That means
Final Death or some other means of containing her.

WINNING

Alternatively, characters can simply try to speak
with Sims directly, without all the mess of a fight.
Characters can be straightforward about it, approach-
ing her without intent to attack. Or they can opena
dialogue with her after they've subdued her. As stated
previously, killing her just delays the attack on Savan-
nah. A better course is to convince her that an attack
on Savannah is folly. The characters might show evi-
dence of having disposed of all war parties (again, that
bag of ash is compelling). They might point to Katla
who dared go over to the other side and who was
destroyed as a message to all offenders. Seeking a
dialogue with Sims also suggests a position of strength.
Letting her into Savannah to communicate without
attack shows that the Camarilla isn't afraid of her or
her crusade. Letting her leave unmolested sends an
even stronger message.

Dominating Sims is a possibility, albeit a sloppy
one. Use of Disciplines could go wrong. She could

Toe Vermut CHRoncue

124

to the death to protect his charge. Nicolas has
Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Wits 3, Alert-
ness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Firearms 2, Animalism 1,
Potence 2, Vicissitude 2 and a blood pool of 12.

NICOLAS
Nicolas is Sims' Cainite bodyguard. He fights
He is armed with a machete and a .44 revolver.

a

resist and the characters have few cards left to play
thereafter. Successful Domination might make the
warlord a double agent, or characters may fill her with
a conviction that any attack on Savannah is a waste.
If the characters are particularly devious, they may
erase her memory of being captured and replace it with
a memory of meeting a single, surviving scout pack
that explains how taking the city is impossible.

Confirmation of the characters' success may come
from Camarilla observers. Reports come in that Sims
has been recalled to Mexico City and the crusade has
been called off.

Should the characters botch attempts at handling
problems, stopping Katla, dealing with Williams, and
preventing scout packs from carrying out their mis-
sions and getting word back to Atlanta, Savannah
comes under siege. If Katla hasn't been dealt with, she
remains a fearsome enemy, working for the Sabbat or
herself. She could seek revenge against the characters
for ruining her plans of domain and independence. If
Williams survives and remains antagonistic to the
characters, he continues to interfere with their influ-
ence in the mortal world. If invading packs succeeded
in their missions, the crusade is informed about Savan-
nah and its Kindred.

RAMIFICATIONS

So, the characters have either foiled the Sabbat's
efforts to start a crusade or they've failed and now the
Sword of Caine stands ready to strike.

Success

The Sabbat decides that a war for Savannah is too
tisky at the moment. That allows the Camarilla to
prepare itself for a siege of Atlanta, hopefully retaking
the city for the Ivory Tower. Should bureaucracy bog
preparations down again, the characters need only
point to how close the Sabbat came to seizing Savan-
nah. Depending on the role they play and how
determined they are to receive their laurels, the char-
acters may be acknowledged as instrumental in stopping
the Sabbat. While Prince Huxley doesn't like it, she
nods to their efforts. If the characters do not defend
their efforts, other vampires such as Daniel Parker

claim responsibility in a bid for status and power.
Shrewd political Kindred turn the opportunity into a
station in Savannah, possibly as prince, primogen
member or Keeper of Elysium.

Word of events in Savannah reinvigorates the
reclamation of Atlanta. The characters are turned to
as pivotal in the battle. While this means they're
expected to contribute heavily from their own re-
sources, it also allows them to take a leading role in the
siege and in establishing any hierarchy that might
form. With Katla potentially gone, the characters'
chief rival for power in Atlanta is Victoria Ash.

You can make the battle for Atlanta and subse-
quent restoration the focus of a new chronicle, or you
can end it all here. Addressing the battle for Atlanta
does bring closure to this story, however. With all the
struggles that the characters have been through to
secure Savannah, it would be anticlimactic if the
players never learn what happens. You can decide
whether the city is returned to the Camarilla or re-
mains in Sabbat hands.

Success in Savannah also means characters' blood-
lines receive further recognition (or former black marks
might be erased). The characters' sires can brag about
their childer in New York Elysiums, and grandsires can
mention their names in elder salons around Europe. A
worthy end to a legacy begun almost 800 years ago.

Fature

Maybe the characters didn't stop all the scouts.
Maybe they didn't prevent the Sabbat from uncover-
ing the havens of the most important Kindred of
Savannah. Maybe they accidentally killed Sims and
were unable to use her to send a message to Atlanta.
Whatever the reason, the crusade is on, led by Warlord
Jane Sims or Archbishop Sutphen.

This does not mean the end for the characters,
though. They might still be a force to be reckoned
with. At least they know that the Sabbat is coming.
The characters can continue their roles as wartime
leaders — Huxley has trouble dislodging them now.
Preserving the city is more important than ever, be-
cause if it's lost, the characters face the much more
dreaded fate of losing status, name and honor. The
Kindred of Savannah may remain a fractured lot. It
takes all the characters' political and social savvy to
pull the city together to resist a full-scale invasion.
Calling in favors from other Kindred and help from
sires can go a long way when the shit finally hits the
fan. In the end, success might rise like a phoenix from
the ashes of failure. But should the characters falter,
arrivals from New York and other Camarilla citadels
may step in and take over, brushing the characters
aside with the political clout they carry.

Acr Ill: Soursten Nicats


Or maybe the characters know when they're
beaten. They stick their tails between their legs
and turn to New York or elsewhere. Such a
strategic retreat, while not prestigious, is toler-
able. Sires are not pleased and the characters
lose much of their status, especially in the eyes of
other Ventrue, but at least they aren't destroyed
by frenzied Sabbat warriors. The characters sur-
vive to plot and scheme another night. It's
unlikely that Savannah can withstand a deter-
mined assault, with the resident Kindred as
divided as they are

If sires believe that affairs in Savannah have
been utterly botched, they might also call char-
acters home before the Sabbat strikes, hoping
that the characters' absence will disconnect them
from the loss. Of course, such an end hardly
befits the image that an ambitious young Ventrue
sees for himself

THe Enpd?P

This is the end of Ventrue Chronicle. It
need not be the end for the characters or their
bloodlines, though.

s mentioned above, an attack on
Atlanta can be imminent. The characters might find
Savannah rewarding and decide to stay and build a
seat of power there. They could return to New York

with the renown earned for stopping the Sabbat, or

to visit their grandsires in the old
country. Whatever they decide, the legacy can con-
tinue

MAJOR CHARACTERS

The following are the prominent figures of this

they may decid

act. You may revise their profiles as best suits the
players' characters and your vision of the chronicle

Penetope Huxte ¥, PRINCE OF SAVANNAH
Background: Born the second daughter of
Ambrocious Huxley, one of Savannah's cotton mil-
lionaires, Penelope was the darling of Savannah's social
scene thanks to her beauty. She resented it, however,
as she was an intelligent and ambitious woman. She
felt that if she had been homely, her mother would not
have paraded her around like some sort of prized
possession. Whenever possible, Huxley borrowed books
from her brothers and managed to expand on her

meager education. At the same time — much to her
mother's dismay— she fended off marriage proposals
from all over the country and even from visiting Euro-
pean nobility.

Huxley met her sire-to-be at yet another ball. The
elderly gentleman impressed her with his presence and
quiet, self-confident manner. She dazzled the Kin-

dred, who was still young enough to feel the echoes of
N

human emotion thaniel Summerton w

is smitten
facto prince of the city, granted
himself permission to Embrace Huxley

and, being the

The young woman took to undead existence with
surprising adaptability, though she found the act of
(That might explain why her
flavor of choice is blood with alcohol in it.) Summerton

drinking blood repulsive

thought he had Embraced a socialite, but what he got
was an ally and asset. Huxley was intelligent and had
learned enough from observing her father's business
that she could assist Nathaniel in managing his es

tates.

She also had contacts in the mortal world, and
all the social occasions that her mother forced her to
attend served as preparation for the city's Elysium.
Huxley acted as Summerton's seneschal for 20
years and was privy to all of his secrets. The prince
thought his childe completely loyal, so made no effort
to hide the fact that the fire of 1820 was a plot to
eliminate his own sleeping sire, ensuring that Sabert
laim Savannah. Much to
Summerton's surprise, Huxley betrayed him — or at

would never rise to re

least, that's how he saw it. For her part, Huxley be-
lieved that Summerton's act, which resulted in

widespread death and destruction, showed that he was

more interested in his own ambition than in the wel-
fare of Savannah. She wa
backroom deals with other vampires and became prince.

shrewd enough to make

Huxley dedicated her reign to the city. While she en-
sured that she had a comfortable power base and sufficient
influence over affairs in her domain, she was not above

Tre Ventrut CHRONICLE

126

sharing power and influence with other Kindred, especially
the Toreador, to secure Savannah's safety, prosperity and
cultural development. Slowly but surely, however, she was
affected by the same sense of conservative traditionalism that
seemed to affect all Kindred who dwelled in Savannah. The
latter half of her rule was marked by a dedication to the status
quo and slow change — if any — in the way things were.
The crusade against Atlanta took Huxley and all other
Kindred of Savannah by surprise. Indeed, the prince has yet
to shake off the lethargy of years of relative peace

and
prosperity. Huxley has become complacent, since Savannah
was never really a domain of great importance during her
reign. Now she is forced to reckon not only with the Sabbat,
but also with newcomers to her city. Huxley fears for her
domain and has become somewhat entrenched. Even though
her city is under threat, old habits die hard. Huxley is highly
resistant to change, quick to dismiss warnings and has a
tendency to delegate tasks, even in situations where a strong
executive figure is needed.

Image: The most remarkable thing about Huxley is her
long black hair, which tumbles past hershoulders in luxurious

curls, She has a voluptuous figure, wears fashionable
eveningwear, and has deep, dark eyes. She walks with a

subtle southern accent

confident stride and speaks with

She strives to seem physically older than she is, having been

Embraced at 23.
Roleplaying Hints: annah.

Never let anyone, especially yourself, forget that. You realize

You are the prince of Sa

that your position is precarious — with Atlanta fallen,
Savannah is a primary domain in Georgia. Yet you cannot
accept that the threat is as dire as some claim. You care little
for new ideas and modern thoughts, preferring the
ways you've long known. They've worked for youand
your kind this long. You have become paranoid and
do not trust outsiders, even after they have proved
themselves.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Nathaniel Summerton

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1793

Apparent Age: Mid-to-late 20s

Ph

Social: Charisma (Graceful) 4, Manipulation
(Persuasive) 4, Appearance (Captivating) 4

: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, In-
timidation 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge (Keeping a
Straight Face) 4

Skills: Etiquette (Old Fashioned) 4, Firearms 1,
Performance (Piano) 2

Knowledges: Academics (Literature) 2, Finance 3, In-
vestigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics (French) 1, Occult 1, Politics
(City of Savannah) 5

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Dominate 4, Fortitude 3, Po-
tence 1, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 5, Herd 3*, Influence
2, Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 8

* Huxley drinks from only those who are drunk

JANE Sims, SABBAT WARLORD

Background: Despite her gender, Sims had a first-rate
education as an MD, courtesy of a wealthy father with no
sons. She went on to serve at the prestigious Johns Hopkins
hospital, and married a renowned surgeon. Through her
career, she came into contact with scientists working in the
telatively new biochemistry field, using it to study ailments
such as cancer. Sims' interest was aroused and she dedicated
herself to the study of disease. Ten years later, Sims was
considered one of the country's top experts in virology and
biochemistry. She traveled extensively, giving lectures at
universities and hospitals. It was during one of these trips that
she was Embraced by Yuri Kerezenski, a Tzimisce bishop.

Sims' sire took her with a specific purpose in mind. The
Sabbat Vaulderie had the potential to spread disease. Yuri
decided that Sims' expertise would benefit the sect, which it
did. Unfortunately, Sims became somewhat unhinged be-
cause of her Embrace, and hersire sent her to allies in Mexico

City where she could recover some of her sanity.

AcrIll: Soutien Nears


Sims made.a number of allies among Mexico's top-ranking
sect members. She was invited to help coordinate the east coast
ctusades and accepted, deciding to help further the glory of the
Sabbat. During the crusades, Sims acquitted herself admirably
and was recognized as a warlord. In truth, she was probably more
lucky than skilled, though she firmly believes in her own.
capabilities. When it was decided that the Sabbat should move
on Savannah, Sims' patrons assigned her to the task.

Image: While Sims would like to use Vicissitude to make
herself look beautiful (she believes that Tzimisce who use
their powers to look like monsters are childish, crying out for
attention), she is far too busy to keep up with the shifting
trends in modern beauty. She therefore goes for a plain look,
with medium-length brown hair, green eyes and an average
build. She wears comfortable, practical clothes, although she
maintains a stylish wardrobe for special occasions.

Roleplaying Hints: On the surface, you are a skilled and
successful warlord who is to be obeyed and feared. In reality,
you hide your insecurity and nervousness. So far, everything'
has gone your way, butshould your plans fall apart you might
too. You do your best to hide your weakness from others,
projecting an image as a tough-as-nails bitch)

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Yuri Kerezenski

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1952

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity (Manual Dexterity) 4,
Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence (Good Memory) 4,
Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge/2,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Streetwise! Sub-
terfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Body Crafts 3, Drive 1, Etiquette
2, Firearms 1, Melee 3, Stealth 1, Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 1, Linguistics
(French, German, Latin, Spanish) 3, Medicine (Virology) 4,
Occult 3, Science (Biochemistry) 4

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Fortitude 1, Pro-
tean 1, Vicissitude 4

Backgrounds: Fame 1, Mentor 5, Resources 1, Retainers:
1, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Gourage 3

Morality: Humanity 1

Willpower: 6

Marcus WILLIAMS, THE BUSINESSMAN

Background: Williams was born in El Paso, the sono
wealthy businessman. He followed in his father's foots
entering the business world with an excellent education. A
his own request, he started at the lowest levels and work
Way up without the benefit of nepotism. His natural skill
making money and managing affairs quickly made him
wealthy man — he was a millionaire by 30.

Williams' business acumen attracted the attention oft
conservative Lasombra of El Paso. While they supported
idea that the Sabbat should, in general, not bother itself wit
mortal affairs, they recognized that the Sword of Caine does
need money. Thus, the city's Bishop of Finance Embraced.
Williams. The neonate took to the vampiric condition likea |
fish to water, although he resented his sire for taking business |
holdings away. |

Without direct control of his assets, Williams decided to |
leave El Paso rather than work under his creator. He soon
hooked up with a few other Cainites with interests in the
business world and formed the pack he now leads. This group |
was dedicated to fighting the Camarilla where it really hurt |

the United States and Mexico. The pack became involvedin |
the Savannah effort after being brutally rebuffed by the |
Camarilla's Ventrue in New York, so headed south to rebuild. |
Eager for a chance to stick itto the Ventrue, Williams placed |
himself under Sims' command. |

Williams' packmates are Andreas (a fellow Lasombra |
who is the pack's priest and who has contacts in organized
crime), Rachel (a Jewish Tzimisce with contacts among
jewelers and bankers), and Patrick (a Brujah antitribu who
serves mainly as muscles and bodyguard).

Image: Williams is short and thin. His hair is short and
dirty blond. His pale blue eyes are hidden behind stylish
Sunglasses whenever the situation permits. Williams is some-
What unattractive and tries to make up for it by wearing
expensive clothes.

Roleplaying Hints; Too many members of the Sabbat
are psychotics, fanatics or idiots. You're different. You have
intelligence, education and breeding, and you're willing to
put them at the sect's service — as long as you receive a J)
Certain level of compensation. Your skills lie not with claws
and guns, but with words and money. You're careful to
maintain your smooth, confident manner at all times. Show-
ing emotion means showing weakness. Whatever else you
are, you're not weak.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: José Chavez

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Competitor

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1970

The Ventrut CHRonicue

128


Mid-40s

Physical: Strength 2,

Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation (Smooth) 4, Appear
ance |
Mental
headed) 4
Talents: Alertness 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3,

Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits (Level-

Style 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette (Corporate) 5

arms 2, Security 1

Finance (Financial

aw 2, Linguistics (En-

Knowledges: Computer
i

Combat) 4, Investigation
glish, French) 2, Politics 3, Science |

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Potence 1, Presence 2

ackgrounds: Allies 3, Alternate Identity 1,

Contacts 5, Resources 4, Status 1

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instincts 5, Courage 2

Morality: Power and the Inner Voice 6

Willpower: 7
LILLIAN, BORDER GUARD

12th generation, childe of Adam Carter

Clan: Gangrel

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Loner

Embrace: 1973

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Lillian was never meant to be Kindred. The wife

ofan Air Force officer, she spent her time taking care

of her family and organizing the local Women's

Shooting Club. She had a normal life and one
would think there was nothing about her that

could attract the attention of a vampire

Unfortunately for Lillian, she was in the
wrong place at the wrong time. On her way home
from the shooting range, she crossed paths with
Adam Carter, a Gangrel fleeing from a Lupine
When Lillian saw the animal that leapt upon
what seemed to be a poor, defenseless man, she
reacted on pure, panicked instinct, pulled out her
gun and fired. Her aim was true and it distracted
the Lupine enough that Carter was able to finish
it off. Then, lost to his bloodlust, Carter drained
Lillian. When he was able to control himself, he
was overcome by grief and Embraced the woman,
obtaining the permission of the prince afterward

Lillian did not adapt well to being a vampire.
She spent most of her time with her sire who felt
responsible for her. Only gradually did she become
a part of Savannah's Kindred society, eventually
going so faras to Embrace achilde of her own when
given the opportunity, a soldier named Robert
Price. Just when Lillian thought she had regained

a stable existence, Clan Gangrel left the Camarilla. Lillian
felt that she had to follow her sire, but couldn't bring herself
to leave the Savannah area. With Atlanta under the control
of the Sabbat, Prince Huxley approached Lillian and asked
that she and her childe patrol Savannah's borders. Offered
some direction, Lillian accepted, expanding her coterie with
a fugitive Gangrel from Atlanta named Roger, and later with
Savannah's only Caitiff, Johan Wrede. Lillian's coterie now

ActIll: Soutien Nicats

129


prowls the borders of Huxley's domain, looking for Le

Cainites trying to sneak in. S

Robert Price is a tall, athletic young man with a
buzzcut. He's Lillian' ‘ond in command and quite
loyal. Roger Goldman is a former biker and looks the
part, with long hair and a beard. He joined Lillian's
coterie to get revenge on the Sabbat, whom he fought
during the crusade on Atlanta. Johan Wrede is a
normal-looking man who has the distinction of being
Savannahs only Caitiff. A Swedish immigrant, Johan
is actually the oldest member of the coterie and joined
because he thought it might grant him some recogni-
tion,

Lillian is tall and slender, with graying hair and
blue eyes. Her brushes with frenzy have left her with
ridges of fur running up herarms, as well as paw-like feet
(usually hidden, painfully, in big boots). She dresses in
dark, heavy-duty clothes and carriesa hunting rifle and
a 9mm automatic. Her coterie dresses in practical
clothes and is armed like Lillian.

TARRENCE MOORE, THE SURVIVOR

10th generation, childe of Claus Wegener

Clan: Tremere

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Embrace: 1932

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Things weren't easy for a "colored" family in Atlanta
during the Depression. They were even harder for an intelli-
gent boy with a desire to learn. Tarrence's father worked at a
factory and his mother was a serving woman. Tarrence did
well in school, but college seemed like nothing more than a
dream. That's when Claus Wegener stepped in. Tarrence's
parents never knew how or why the wealthy old bookseller
took an interest in their son, but from that day onward, the
family was no longer poor. Claus managed to get Tarrence
intocollege and paid his tuition, at the same time making sure
that the Moore family didn't go hungry. When Tarrence
graduated with honors, Claus offered him a job at the book-
store, the oldest and most prestigious in Atlanta. Tarrence
accepted

Claus was a member of Clan Tremere who had spotted
Tarrence one evening as the boy looked through the shop
window. The Tremere saw talent in the boy and decided to
make him his childe. During his work in the bookstore, Claus
tested Tarrence and came to the conclusion that the young
man did indeed have potential. He obtained permission to
create a childe and Embraced Tarrence, who took to the
transition surprisingly well. As it turned out, Claus was right.
Tarrence displayed a natural aptitude for Thaumaturgy and
became a valued member of the Atlanta chantry.

Unfortunately for Tarrence, his mentor died when the
Sabbat attacked the city. In fact, every other Tremere was

destroyed. Tarrence, surviving only because he had been
visiting his small herd, fled to Savannah. Shortly after his
arrival, Prince Huxley offered Tarrence a position as her
advisor, a surprising move for someone so adverse to change.
The only other two Tremere in Savannah had turned down
similar offers and Huxley was anxious to have more contact
with Clan Tremere. Tarrence accepted and has served ever
since

Tarrence is a plain-looking black man, a bit under
average height, but with a broad chest and athletic build. He
keeps his hair cut short and wears glasses. He has a friendly
smile and a deep, ready laugh.

DAntet ParHer, RIVAL TO THE THRONE
9th generation, childe of Robert Parkhurst

Clan: Ventrue

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Embrace: 1889

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Daniel's father was one of Atlanta's wealthiest bankers
and Daniel was expected to follow in his father's footsteps.
The boy did so grudgingly; he preferred to get others to work
for him. He did the bare minimum needed to maintain his
position and spent the rest of the time enjoying himself.
Daniel was still a wealthy and influential man, though, which
attracted the attention of his would-be sire.

Robert Parkhurst was an Atlanta Ventrue with an
interest in banking and a desire to expand his horizons.
Since Daniel's bank did a lot of business with those in

The Ventrur Cerone


a ae

Recent EMBRACE
Overview: This is a very new Cainite, having

been Embraced no longer than a year ago:
somewhat conf

She is

1 and unused to being a vampire.
She is out to prove herself to the rest of her pack and
is likely to take foolish risks. She dresses in ordinary
clothes, dirty and ragged, and carries a knife or club
as a weapon.

Clan: 13th-generation Lasombra

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Percep
tion 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 2, Athletics
1, Brawl 2, Computer 1, Crafts 2, Dodge 1, Empathy
1, Melee 1, Science 1, Stealth 1, Survival 1

Disciplines: Obtenebration 1, Potence 2
Virtu
Morality: Humanity 3

s: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Willpower: 5

BRAWLER

Overview: Most packs have at least one dedi-
cated warrior. She is aggressive and violent, but
probably kept on a tight leash by the pack's ductus
Savannah, Robert saw him as the perfect childe. When it She dresses in leather and black denim, and carries a machete
became clear that Daniel was lazy and got by more on the and a 9mm.
skill of his subordinates than on his own capabilities, his Clan: 12th-generation Brujah antitribu
site cut him off from his support system, forcing Daniel to Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3,

f Gor B Ff as i Intelligence 2, Wits 3
tuits of his labor. Properly prepared, Daniel was sent off Abiliti

work to survive. After a while, Daniel discovered that he
enjoyed the challenge — or at least that he enjoyed the

Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Crafts 1,
Dodge 3, Firearms 2, Intimidation 2, Linguistics 1, Melee
Stealth 1, Streetwise 1

Alertne:

Daniel quickly clashed with Huxley, who herself had
a good deal of interest in Savannah's banking. Still,

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Potence 2

Daniel's backing in Atlanta allowed him to gain substan- ~
\f-Control

: Virtues: Conscience 1
tial influence. The rivalry with Huxley continued for ace

years and Daniel has since decided to pursue the position a
of prince. So far, he has done nothing but subtly under- Willpowe

Sourage 5

: Humanity 1
26

mine Huxley's authority, acting as the "loyal opposition." Scour EXPERT

hough not one of Huxley's advisors, Daniel is nonethe- Overview: This is a Cainite trained in scouting and

less recognized as one of the connected and esteemed infiltration to the degree required in Savannah. He dresses in

Kindred of
choice of feeding; he preys on children under the age of

15.

Daniel is tall and slender, almost thin. He has a long

avannah. His deepest, darkest secret is his ordinary clothes, is armed with a knife and has a shotgun or

hunting rifle s

shed in a car.

Clan: 13th-generation Ravnos antitribu

Attribute:
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 1, Athletics 1,
SABBAT TEMPLATES Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Drive 1, Empathy 2, Firearms 1, Intimi-

dation 1, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Melee 1, Occult
1, Security 1, Stealth 3,

sha-

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,

face that looks slightly comical, with a pointy nose and a
full beard. He dresses in fine clothes and speaks with a

very pronounced southern accent.

Characters undoubtedly have several run-ins with Sabbat
packs in this story. The following are short templates that you
an use to run packs.

treetwise 2, Subterfuge 2, Sur-
vival 2

Act Ill: Soumern Nicets
131


Disciplines: Animalism 1, Chimerstry 2, Fortitude 1,
Obfuscate 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Morality: Honorable Accord 4

Willpower: 6

RANGER

Overview: This Cainite is an expert in approaching
She knows how to avoid Lupines and
how to cheat border guards. She dresses in rugged outdoor

and entering citi

clothing and is armed with a hunting knife and heavy
revolver, and has a rifle stashed somewhere.

Clan: 10th-generation Country Gangrel

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 2, Athletics 3, Brawl
2, Drive 1, Firearms 2, Linguistics 1, Melee 1, Occult 1,
Stealth 3, Streetwise 1, Survival 3

Disciplines

Perception 4,

Animalism 1, Protean 2, Fortitude 2

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instincts 5, Courage 2
Morality: Feral Heart 5
Willpower: 6

Ductus

Overview: This is the leader of the pack, a hard and
capable Cainite. He dresses in practical clothes and is armed
with a machete and .45 pistol.

Clan: 9th-generation Lasombra

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 1,
Empathy 2, Etiquette 2, Leadership 2, Linguistics 2, Melee 3,
Occult 2, Politics 2, Stealth 1, Subterfuge 2

Disciplines: Dominate 1, Potence 2, Obfuscate 3

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instincts 5, Courage 4

Morality: Power and the Inner Voice 5

Willpower: 7

Tre Ventrut CHRONICLE

132


. ~* oad 43 r - ‘ : . Fi
‘ £&, N tee asd fi: . nem, eS > Sriviad, \ ti #: 7

a

Pa
CEHENNA -* - THe Apotatypse. " "8%
. . o ee. oe 3 ot . <

>

a Se

"A'SCENSIO
at Se ante
5 ye @


Py
a a

In the First Sige. Dawa Wars with Dusk: Find

A great cate has raged Reivega the ® valiving Sake of the Bastgnd ves set

midst of it, an ancient of the, Third Generation rogt in the" Yadiin V sbtoatinekt
laying waste to a ads destro¥ing many elders and ding 16 re ribl jeronatton
Tay |
‘before 1 it A ee ay This Was The Week 8fNi es: et wt

wAnd A ‘Great at ConllegrattoiEns uch. Jp 5

through the cities ‘of ‘the Camarilla and ‘Sabbat. rate eg vetge :
~ were able to Sire, ‘giving tise to half- undead freaks able-to sfesist the sun' and
even mate with the living. 7 This: was The Time of ThinpBloba.

» ¢

«And. Creatures Unknown:Rise>. : >

iil the' Third Sign, the Grave Gives ae the Dead.

_ Then, the Sixth Maelstrom swept the ilefwdeid. otring' why all that fad

been built by the restless dead and sweeping theminto oblividne ‘The angriest.

"and most hateful rose inthe flesh' of their own corpses as the walking dead.

They faced a motley' group defending the living, imbued with the power to see
the unnatural and the outrage to hunt it. This was The Reckoning.

To Fight a War with the Quick.


"

.

"In thé Fourth Sign, the Sky Grows Red...

Those who knew the spitit worlds trembled as the Maelstrom spread with a new
"hellish object as its herald.-A terrible red)star appeared in the sky, growing
bfighter and ‘brighter, and those ‘who wore-the skin of wolves called it Anthelios,
the Anti- Sun? and despairéd. a hose who knew the ways of magic flocked to uncover

its secre ahd ithe Maclstfom ravaged see ereding th theit souls and destroying

ae Fifth Bie fire Dead God Rises...

Ses eueces swept "Throveht "tt the Iends}on he dead, even far-off Amenti,
yy te}

strong aldvel theEgyptian "cad SOsie5, whothad slumbered for uncounted mil-
ima aires to seevall he had. built destroyed. He rose tothe ands of the living,
cb. ‘Those deMPsguls hetestriad with

rding to thé old rites merged with others

; ‘only loabecd Tasted ia @ mig

* fre fthvse "properly mummiffd a¢
? "more freshly d€ad, to
, ae rullied" lands-of tthe' living. This'was The Resurrection.

< Send Be gets His Children

sae aa .

meether gilting the sstreiigth. to complete the journey to sce

lay the Sixth Zit, oe Are ee is

oe ie a
so reoer as to crack and rend the gates fot H4e11

The ek Sign aye Passed

Wi it ome.

nah iia neice iiaid ii


-, "GEHENNA, — ° -THE APOCALYPSE ASCENSION
After 12 years of anticipation and development; White Wolf does the unthinkable and brings the World of Darkness
to an end. Theyvampires' Gelienna, the werewolves' Apocalypse, the mages' Ascension—all Merge into a great even!

*e that notronly;shakts the.world, but destroys it. This is the Time of Judgment and you're invited.
** oe Oe «6 vs > ' Ser as
> 3 & *. THE Léan-Up: THe Eyp TIMES, P ‘
7 } © Every major evolution # thé World of Darktfess Has ed to this, but a few key products presage the events‘of the end:
Laffit the Hidden: SF aed Sign See ie a Dahl Pie

008, Wy 2430 1suf 153516 242% 52495), 6, TSor 2003, WW24ITPISBS 58546485, $19 957 (D8 2003..W7B2B}; ISBN 1588467627; $1958)
Fon.Vasipyne: THé MAstureape 9 ex, Fox Vasthine: THe MasabeaXbe ano < ". For Demon: THE Fauen

ull ON Kites pecfeasot Cehcnatl  * "wage MACE: Tue Ascensfon - a ;
"4 ror aaah Go 5 5 a Mag a he Ogee Ca The fr lrches tot is nd and Lalo
aay . We Le eg Fate oy
> >
" Pes FOS: Sep" nace tf
° : SOL ay - ~S Be, im * .
» at er od ea res a
Dally 2 Sie ahaa APOCALYPSE YOURS * :
be, = SOThe Time'of Judgment itself unfolds in four hardcover game-books and one Mind's Eye Theatre
amy : 8 8 y

% book; each of which allows you to-bring your charactet$ face to face with Armageddon.
These stories are epic and these books give you-the tools to make them your own.

"

Gehenna World of Darkness: Time of Judgment The Ascension
(Jan 2004, WW2999; ISBN 1-58546-2463, $29.99) (Mar 2004, WW5399, ISBN 1-58846475.X; $2999) (Mac 2004, WW4999, ISBN 1-58846417.2,$2999)h
Fok Vampire: THE MASQUERADE For Demon: THe FALLEN; Fok Mace: THE ASCENSION
EAnilvvians csc, hungry forthe blood of their get! Honrer: THe RecKonin All sous unt, but at what cost?
BE Musmy: THe Resurrection;
? SE PThe Apocalypse Sivan tetia base The Laws of Judginent™ *. =
Nie, 7 (Feb 2004, WW3999. ISBN 1.58846-323.0; $2999) sy sanD- CHANGELING: THE: DREAMING = ©, "Tyee 2004, 92975099; ISBN 1985465217; $29.99)

. =" For Werewour: THE APOCALYPSE * ‘Each of the denizens of the World pfDathness ~Fox Mino'sEve Tueatae ="
° © _ The final battle against the Wyralil faces Judgment in its own IVE. Bring cpic tals of Armageddon ro your Live-Action game

. ‘ ag ‘A ="
7 Ay ~ » fe Tue Time OF JUDGMENT, TRILOGY ; Mi oe
See thetend unfold inthe Time of Jadgmtentfictiontilogy, Each book sténds.on its own, but the three together fll an epic story Bf mich and mbnsters facing thet end
& Gehenna, Thé Final Night z Werewolf: The Last:Baitle Wy Mage: Judgment Day
(jan ha wwiidto ISBN 1-58846-855.0; $799) (Feb 2004; WWIT91 1; ISBN 1.588468$69,$7.99) (Mar'2004, WW119121SBN 1-58846857-7;'$7.99)
wm yp FoRVAwrie: THe Masddbnate: 6x da Massy Fon Wenepour: Tut ‘APbcalvese: sy Bus Buocts "For Mace: THE ASCENSION : By Bruce Baucn
Wy, The vampice Beckett 4865 10 make sense ofall he King Albrc<hl and his pack faceoff against the The Rogae Council has tun out of time and three
: fas known th cocmig nipping th cls Wytm's pretest weap. = mages may be their only hope.
7 ; *
ots 4 > »
Oy i

5) . he timeofjudgmentecom @
e i = - ' DURE

O70) Wve We Wart Vira Tg Mscrtce, Mac Tre Acres ne Won of Dean wt womans rreewuns.r Wie Wars Pew. loc: Toto esa, Wear ne Areca a: omen fs ct atop hn Woo Pessian, c:Aleocs whe


| A 7 I i x a ga, i Tall
/ IN YI) n \ || \ \ ILA wie
The clan of Rulership
The Ventruc manipulators of mortals and leaders of the

Kindred. Yet the Ventrue's powerful facade hides myriad
internal struggles, petty rivalries and epoch-spanning vendettas
From the Dark Ages to the Victorian Age to the modern world,
the Ventrue power gambit plays out nightly. The Ventrue
Chronicle focuses on the trials and tribulations of a single clan

wainst elders, ancillae

This book pits the players' characters
and even neonates in a centuries-long bid for power no less

grand th wn oneC would expect of the Blue Bloods
The ventrue chronicle
contains:

e¢ Three stories in one volume, each set in a different
Vampire era |
¢ A complete chronicle that can be played in entirety or in
Its parts

\ unique opportunity to play the sires and childer of the same

bloodlines, spanning generations

DFO mau

ve . www. White-Wolf.com
fos Pie call

1-58846.
it Us.

S$
RE
