# File: Ventrue.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook for VAMPIRE:The Masquerade"


THY KINDRED'S

Et PER

BY ANDREW GREENBERG


Power, like a desolating pestilence,
Pollutes whate'er it touches.
— Percy Bysshe Shelley, Queen Mab


Freedom? You babble to me of freedom? You,
who dance to the strings of puppeteers so vile and
so manipulative that you would destroy every sym-
hol of your old existence at their slightest twitch?
You, whoscream and fight and brawlall night long,
draining not only mortals but the mortal world
until it has nothing left to give?

You deserve no freedom. You deserve only
contempt. Where were you when we built this city?
Where were you when we battled the Sabbat?
Where were you when the nights promised noth-
ing but treachery and blood? Freedom belongs to
those who earned it. For you, the only freedom is
death.


Credits:

Written by: Andrew Greenberg

Edited by: Robert Hatch

Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan

Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Eric Hotz, Jost Amman,
Tobias Stimner, Geofroy Tory, Oronce Fince, Albrecht
Durer, and Jan van Eyck.

Art Director: Richard Thomas
Front Cover Art: Timothy Bradstreet, Grant Goleash

Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

Scanned by Heliodoro

Edited by Ivan Krenyenko

Powered by Margaret Thatcher
Compressed by Dumbo the Elephant

Special Release for RPG BOOKZ & SCANS
the one and only Direct Connect Hub
available at ( bookmark this adress )

rpgbookz.dyndns.org

Better use Dc++ to connect there by the way

ys 4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
heat, STONE MTN., GA 30083

GAME STUDIO

©1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Re-
production without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purpose of reviews.
Vampire: The Masquerade and Clanbook: Ventrue are
trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All characters, names,
places, and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf,
Inc. Order of Hermes (Mercury) is a trademark of Wiards
of the Coast, Inc., are from the Ars Magica™ game, and are
used with permission. Ars Magica is a trademark of Wizards
of the Coast, Inc.

The mention of, or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader discre-
tion is advised.

Special Thanks to:

Josh "The Hammer" Timbrook, for turning out the righteous
White Wolf Magazine art in that warlike British style.

Sam "Vacation Man" Chupp, for following the wind when
his Wraith duties were done.

Chris "Tales of Nassau" McDonough, for filling us in on the
colorful details of his boating expedition.

Michelle "Sock Her" Prahler, for spending her Sundays
running around, kicking a ball and aggravating that weekend
headache.

Ben "Big Debts" Monk, for learning just how much he owes
Andrew and Ken as a result of avoiding the gym.

Stephan "Chainsaw" Wieck, for discovering that Street
Fighter had gone an eensie bit over its page count.

Aileen "Ever So Coordinated" Miles, for wearing just the
right outfit for every character she plays.

Larry "Don't Tell Them Who | Really Am" Schnelli, for not
letting us publish his real name.

Word from the White Wolf Game Studio

Okay, you've taught us a lesson. No matter what we
try, we can't get you to send in SASE's with your
letters and questions. For you we are starting up "Ask
White Wolf," a regular column in White Wolf

Magazine. Any rules questions and such we get will be
answered there. If you want a personal answer or
Writers Guidelines, you must still send us a Self-
Addressed, Stamped Envelope (SASE).

4 Clanbook: Ventrue

7

15

25
CHAPTER FOUR: VENTRUE TEMPLATES
37

Contents 5

SOR.

OY nee
4

A, Ns _ NAR 2


TYSEPAS OR NES RN EPA,

VX
SS

Is it possible to succeed without any act of betrayal?
— Jean Renoir, My Life and My Films

What rare emotions tonight creates in me! One could almost believe that | was
alive again. Later tonight I will lead you through this anniversary of your rebirth —
the last anniversary under my care. You have already prepared your own havens;
tomorrow they become your homes. You will always be welcome in this old country
club of mine, but now I shan't have to listen to your obnoxious, incomprehensible

"Butthole Sur fers," while you in turn will not be "tortured" b y the transcendent
y Yy
beauty of chamber music.

You know, I envy you in this endeavor. You've always expressed your amaze-
mentat the wealth I've accumulated and the powerI've acquired. While both would
have helped me immeasurably in the past, I must admit that the cliché about the
getting being more enjoyable than the having is quite true. For the rest of eternity
(Caine willing), I'll remember my battles against the Malkavian Sabado, which
ended with me in control of Dobbs Industrial and him in the Dobbs blast furnace.
Ordering about the current CEO is nothing in comparison to that strange and
invigorating feud.

My dear, I never told you how close I came to the Final Death during those
dangerous nights. The last fight against Sabado would have ended much differently
had I not been able to call on the assistance of Jason Summers and his Scottish
ghouls. It was they who monitored Sabado's ties to the Inquisition and managed to
turn that organization against him.

Thadn't planned to turn this brief note into one of my "interminable and inane"
lectures (yes, | overheard you talking to Carlos — perhaps I was a bit long-winded
in criticizing your taste in vessels), but an interesting point has sprung to mind. You

8

Clanbook: Ventrue

have no doubt heard me rail against certain members of our
august clan. Lady Anne in particular has been a thorn in my
side, what with her constant insistence on protocol and strict
adherence to tradition. The fool would not recognize a business
opportunity if it bit her on her skinny, pale...never mind. I find
myself using your rude little colloquialisms far too often.

Despite my personal feelings for Lady Anne, however,
were I given the choice of her aid or that of Bernhard (by the
way, thanks to my actions that old chantry leader is now a
Tremere lord, but that story merits an entire letter in itself),
who shares many of my feelings and goals, I would not hesitate
to choose Lady Anne. It has nothing to do with her position as
Prince of London; it has nothing to do with the allies she would
bring with her. It has everything to do with the fact that she is
a Ventrue, and that is the only fact which matters.

Thave told you about the ties that bind our clan, but you
have never directly experienced this miracle. Our clan may
well comprise the most desperate collection of conniving
backstabbers one will ever find, but they are our conniving
backstabbers. There is nothing in the world like the sensation
of realizing that, even when the night is at its darkest and all
seems lost, you could rally an army to your side with but a word.

Imagine yourself driven from your haven by Sabbat,
forced to flee to terra incognita, and then hunted even there.
This is exactly what happened to my own sire in the century
preceding my Embrace. Trapped in Oslo, he pursued a rumor
just as the Black Hand pursued him. With the evil sect's
devilish murderers hot on his trail, he found the Boar's Tusk
Inn and sought sanctuary within. The Boar's Tusk, as ru-
mored, provided haven for three of our kind. They met your
grandsire's pursuers on the field of battle. They never hesi-
tated in their duty, though they knew that even should they
prove victorious, the cost would be high indeed. Such was the
case. All the combatants suffered grievous wounds. The
Sabbat destroyed one of our clan that night, and another has
yet to rise from torpor. Nonetheless, Clan Ventrue was
victorious that night, and because of its members' sacrifice,
you and I are now immortals.

Make no mistake — we may call all vampires Kindred,
but only other Ventrue are of our kind. You have asked me
many times why I chose you for the Embrace, and I have given
you all the stock answers — the need for an assistant, your
business acumen, your ability to persuade and maneuver
others, my fear that you would have become stifled and
withered under the influence of your chauvinistic, short-
sighted boss— but one reason stood out above all others, one
reason I have never before told you. You were Ventrue years
before | ever met you.

Thave no questions about your loyalty. I have no doubts
about your trustworthiness. I saw that side of you when I first
encountered you at your bank. Despite your obvious dissatis-
faction with your job, despite the fact that your superior had
implied that very morning that the only way for you to
advance in the company was horizontally, you fought my
attempts to procure the information I needed. I wanted the

business secrets you possessed, the clues that would show me
why your financial conglomerate was so interested in my
pharmaceutical investments. You resisted me for longer than
I thought possible.

Despite the fact that the outcome was never in doubt,
despite the fact that I could have used any of a million
stratagems to obtain the information I wanted, you impressed
me. It took me a long time to arrange your transferal to a
division where I could keep a closer eye on you; it took me
longer still to earn your trust. As I witnessed your integrity
and character firsthand, 1 became more pleased with my
choice — you were someone with whom | could happily share
eternity, someone who could fulfill all the duties inherent to
membership in Clan Ventrue.

Indeed, the longer I studied you the more sure I became
of this fact. I watched you nightly, following your every
movement. My ghouls videotaped you by day, and I viewed
the tapes on those nights when I did not actually watch you
in your bed. You know that my taste in vessels runs toward
those who consider themselves actors, just as you prefer those
long-haired boys who call themselves musicians. Yes, I tend
to become fixated on a few thespians ata time, but my feelings
for you far surpassed what I feel for them.

When the night for your Embrace finally came, and I had
ensured that no forces would turn the prince against you, I
entered your cluttered condominium. I remember how you
tose from your small bed, clad only in a cotton T-shirt, intent
on defending your honoratall cost. The unease I felt at draining
the blood of someone not an actor disappeared at that moment,
and I knew you were destined to become my childe.

I remember watching in rapt fascination as you dressed
at my command. You tried to fight my mesmerism through-
out the limousine ride to my country club. You listened in
disbelief as I told you about vampires and our clan, and your
eyes grew wide as you realized that what I said was true. When
I finally Embraced you in the garden behind the club, I took
all your blood from you and then returned it. From that
moment on you have been a Ventrue, body and soul.

Thope that some night you discover the great pleasure of
creating your own childe, for only then will you understand
how proud you have made me. You have aided me incompa-
rably in both business and politics, and your ability to deal
with anarchs has proved invaluable. I remember how you
managed to convince Dirtman and his anarch gang to turn
that Gangrel Diabolist over to us. I especially enjoyed that
line of yours: "I know you can't trust us. It's just that you have
even less reason to trust anyone else."

Ah, the poor anarch fools. For all their blustering, posing
and whining, they understand neither what they fight nor what
they fight for. They cry, "Freedom!" without knowing what
freedom really is. They scream, "Oppression!" without realizing
what oppression really means. When they demand freedom
they are really calling for equality, something they in no way
deserve. None of them could bear the burden of true freedom —
even their secret allies in the Sabbat could not do that.

eS]

Chapter One:The Eternal Book

9

10

Clanbook: Ventrue

The truest form of freedom is not a liberation from the
demands of some person or institution, be it the Camarilla, a
clan or sire, but a freedom to do something, to accomplish
one's fondest dreams. The members of our clan have striven
for this, and occasionally we see some transcendental glim-
mer of this freedom. The more we create, the more we can
create, and hopefully our efforts will ultimately complement
one another.

Your anarch acquaintances seem to feel otherwise, for
they maintain that freedom means keeping anyone from
making them accomplish anything. So long as their Grail is
a freedom from everything, they trap themselves in far
stronger snares than we could ever weave. The less they
accomplish, the less they can accomplish. They destroy their
own potential in these senseless battles, for even when they
win their coveted freedom (as they believe they have in Los
Angeles), they squander the opportunity.

Instead of using their newfound license constructively,
consolidating and strengthening the mortals and institutions
around them, they continue to fight amongst themselves,
each demanding that no one else hinder his own petty whims
and vices. All the while they remain oblivious to the fact that
the only way they can become completely free in this manner
is by subjugating everyone else —a goal even the most power-
hungry Ventrue would reject.

To address that subject: My dear, no matter what you
may hear from that diverse little coterie you associate with,
no Ventrue is bent on world domination. Also, no matter
what similarities our kind may bear to the Tremere, we are
not interested in raising our clan to global dominance. Even
when we had the chance, during the Roman Empire, we did
not do those things that would have allowed us the rule of the
entire world. While I hardly have firsthand knowledge of that
time, I know that we opened the Empire and Rome itself to
all types of Kindred. Even Brujah found haven in the Eternal
City, despite that clan's horror stories of ruined Carthage
which they had created and we destroyed.

Our goal far supersedes mere dominion. Instead, our
purpose is twofold. First, we strive to battle those hidden
beings of incredible power who do seem intent on ruling the
world. I have seen their hand at work, though I could not
hope to tell you whose hand (or claw, or talon) it was. There
are Secret Masters at work, Estranza, and their goals are even
less altruistic than ours is perceived as being. They want all
the beings of the world, immortal or mortal, Lupine or fey, at
their beck and call. Should their plans succeed, we shall all
become their pawns, with as much free will as termites. Why
they want this I cannot tell you, for their true purposes are as
unfathomable as those of the stars themselves.

I suspect that one or some of these Masters are vampires
but that most of them are other types of beings. As you have
no doubt already realized, we are not the only immortals in
this universe. I have heard of mummies who die and are
reborn, mages who quaff potions of vitality like we drink
vitee, Lupines who remember a time before the wolf had been

domesticated, and even spirits which have flitted through
the ether since the time of the first protozoa. I would fear any
such beings, and fear twice as much the idea that there exist
entities even more powerful than they.

In any case, combating them is but the first of our goals.
We would be as negligent as the anarchs themselves if our
only purpose was negative and our sole duty was to be an
antithesis. Instead, we have a second, far more constructive
role in this world. We Ventrue enjoy a gift that mortals (and
young vampires) cannot imagine. While mortals, mortal
institutions and even mortal societies are doomed to disap-
pear and eventually be forgotten, we live on forever. There
exist Ventrue who remember the Second City — I have met
one. No doubtat least one exists who remembers the First City.

I don't mention this merely to impress you. Far more
impressive is what the continuing line of Ventrue symbolizes.
There is another hand at work on this planet, my dear. It is
far more subtle and far more concealed than that of the Secret
Masters. It operates far in the background where no mortal
could hope to perceive it, but it is there nonetheless. I've
heard many names for it— Caine, the Universal Subconscious,
Gaia, God and others — but none of these does it justice.

What has transpired on this planet is not the work of a
few great individuals. It is the unfolding work of history, the
continuing evolution of all sentient beings. It is tradition,
destiny, custom and convention. Just as a child cannot
understand the rules of her parents, neither can an individual
hope to comprehend the course of civilization. Anarchs, too
blind even to understand the rules of the Camarilla, have not
a prayer of understanding the ebb and flow of time, yet this
tide embodies the heart of immortality.

Estranza, it is our immortality that defines us more than
any other aspect of our nature, be it vampirism, our Disci-
plines, our wealth or even the Beast itself. As immortals we
can see that great Truth — that we are merely a part of
something far greater. We are an important part, butstill only
apart. We are eternity's guardians. We exist to do all that is
within our power to see that this evolution continues. We
have seen much, but there is far more to be seen. Should the
Secret Masters have their way, all will be lost to stagnation and
entropy. Should we succeed, however, our reward will be ...?

Oh well, I see that I have written for far longer than I
intended. Carlos is calling me to say that my suit has been laid
out and that I need to hurry if I am not to be late to your
Embrace Night festivities. Please accept the following docu-
ments among your Embrace Night gifts. Some of them came
from my own sire; others have come into my possession by
chance, exchange or even outright theft. You will receive the
rest of your presents at the party tonight in the Ritz-Carlton
ballroom. That Jaguar and long-haired driver you found in
front of the country club tonight are but the least of them.

Your Loving Sire,

Chapter One:The Eternal Book


cm
WY

. {ill
sg


CHAPTER TWO:

THE DISTINGUISHED
HISTORY OF CLAN

Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
— Voltaire, L'Ingénu

We Venttrue have never believed the maxim that history is written
by the victors. After all, if that were true, why are there so many
versions of the same stories? Instead, Ventrue who argue this point
believe that history has been written either by the survivors or, more
likely, by the losers, for there have never been any winners.

Most of us accept what follows as the most valid history we know,
but are willing to accept that our own myths and legends may be
nothing more than well-constructed lies. Still, until we hear otherwise,
these are the facts we will espouse. After all, these are the facts that
make us feel good.


G

THE FIRST NIGHTS

Yes, my dear friend, it has always been so. Our
founder, the first of what have come to be called the
Antediluvians, has always assumed responsibility for the
actions of his weaker brethren, just as we do tonight.
Sired on Caine's orders by the one whom legend has
named Enoch or Lamech, Ventrue became Caine's first
advisor and constant companion.

He sat at Caine's side as Caine oversaw the growth
of the paradise known as the First City. Originally a place
of mud houses and open fires, it grew into a monument
to all that the Kindred can accomplish. Without the
benefit of modern machinery, the First City soon boasted
marble towers spiring to the heavens. Caine's own
palace shone with gold, and the beauty of his main
courtyard has never been paralleled.

The finest craftspersons of that ancient age created
artworks the likes of which this planet has never again
seen — simple but glorious, reflecting the unchecked
promise and hope of that time. Caine himseif turned the
garden into a crowning masterpiece, using both magic
and skill to evoke his own vision of penultimate beauty.
To walk in the garden was to walk in paradise.

Still, our sire realized that all was not as it should be.
After Caine's childer began siring the rest of the Third
Generation, Ventrue saw lines of worry begin to crease
Caine's unchanging face. Our founder beseeched Caine
to speak of his fears, but at first Caine would not respond.
Then the First Immortal spoke as though entranced.
There, sitting amid the towering monuments of the First
City, Caine revealed his dream of the future, wherein
horror and catastrophe beset the world. Floods and
earthquakes, volcanoes and disease would all strike.

Ventrue found it impossible to believe these stories, but
Caine continued, His own childer would survive, but the
mortals would be devastated by the destruction. Then they
would seek someone to blame, and the childer of Seth
would hunt the childer of Caine, using powers of fire and
faith to drive us from our havens and destroy us one by one
until all the immortals were no more.

Then Caine fell silent, and Ventrue sat stunned until
he gathered the courage to ask his question. Then he
hesitatingly asked his grandsire that which we all fear —
"Is this future engraved in stone, unchanging and un-
changeable?"

Caine looked out over everything he had created
and quietly replied, "I do not know."

Sharing Caine's view of the gleaming vista that was
Enoch, our clan founder could not believe that such a
horror could occur. All his existence he had known
nothing but peace and prosperity in a land where mortal
and immortal lived without conflict. Had such words
been spoken by anyone but Caine himself, our ancestor

14 Clanbook: Ventrue

Ventrue would have dismissed them out of hand. Spo-
ken by the Father of All, however, they tore at his soul,
and he wished he could claw his ears from his head
rather than hear of such horror.

Caine continued. He told our ancestor that we were
not the only supernatural beings on this planet. He spoke
of beastmen and deadmen, sorcerers and fey — beings
with whom the undead would wage terrible, eternal
war. And waiting in the shadows beyond these beings
are far more powerful masters, and these masters cannot
coexist. For all their power, these masters are afraid —
afraid of each other and of those forces that even the
masters Cannot comprehend.

These masters see the undead as threats, for we were
capable of surviving outside of their wars. We could work
with humans as none of them could. Where the beastmen
could only subjugate humanity, where the sorcerers must
always live apart from their fellows, where the dead and
faeries could be nothing but alien beings, we were as much
a part of the mortals' world as were the sun and the moon.

When Ventrue was again alone, he could do nothing
but ponder these words. When his beautiful lovers came to
him, he sent them away. When the artisans who decorated
his palace sought to show him their latest works, he ordered
them out of his presence. Alone he sat, spending night after
night in contemplation of Caine's words.

Finally, after three weeks and two nights, he left his
Palace with a new determination. From that night on he
would do everything in his power to keep this tragedy from
occurring. Should it occur despite his best efforts, he would
strive with all his might to lessen the damage. He would see
to it that one night mortal and immortal threw off the
shackles of the masters and freed themselves for all eternity.

THEJYHAD

Ofcourse, one cannotsay that our clan founder did not
contribute in some way to the devastation which destroyed
the First City. He began to gather those tools that might help
him combat the masters, and the other Antediluvians took
note. Ventrue's magnificent palace, once a museum for the
most beautiful art, a building where every inch had been
meticulously constructed in as awe-inspiring a style as
possible, became a fortress. Here Ventrue gathered items of
power, both natural and artificial.

Such relics as the Tapestry of Blood, the head of
Medusa, the claws of Fenris, the Faerie Bridge and
Oromazus' Mist littered the palace. To safeguard them,
Ventrue used his awesome ingenuity to design an
underground sanctum that no creature could penetrate.
All this his Kindred saw, and they worried.

One night, when the moon filled the sky with silver,
four of Ventrue's brethren approached the palace.
"Ventrue," cried out she who is now called Brujah, "why
have you taken those items that should belong to us all
and hidden them away?"

ai

"My dear sister," Ventrue replied, "Il but protect them
from those who would steal them from us all. W/hen the
time has come, we shall all use these tools to recreate the

world."

"Ventrue," cried out he who is now called Set, "you
should share those items with all of us so that we might

use them as we will."

"My dear brother," Ventrue replied, "if | did so, they
would be wasted and lost, and when we need them we
shall not have them. When the time has come, we shall

all use these tools to recreate the world."

"Ventrue," cried out he who is now called Tzimisce,
"you spend all your time alone or with Caine. Are you

trying to turn our Grandsire against us?"

Now our sire saw the true motive behind their visit.
Jealousy had begun to fester in their hearts, and Ventrue
saw it as a sign that the masters had begun to work their
evil magic. Maybe if Ventrue had lowered himself then,
begging and pleading with the four, he could have
averted the holocaust to come. But he was Ventrue, first
among the Third Generation, and debase himself to his

younger brothers and sisters he would not do.

THE SECRET MASTERS

Many Ventrue firmly believe that powerful forces
manipulate the world for their own sinister purposes.
The Antediluvians are a part of this near-omnipotent
coterie, but they compose only a fraction of the whole.
Ventrue know that some powerful mages have existed
for centuries, and those Kindred with more extensive
occult backgrounds have heard of incredibly powerful
spirits who manipulate werewolves, other spirits and
mortals.

Ventrue have used many names to describe these
Masters. Starets, Incarna, Occultae Reginae, Ourani,
Gigantes, Dzevas and other appellations have been
applied to them, but the Ventrue have used the term
"Secret Masters" since the late 1700s. While the Ventrue

can only speculate why the Secret Masters do what they
do, and cannot point to any concrete proof of their
existence, they have enough circumstantial evidence to
satisfy themselves. They see mighty beings acting in
inexplicable ways, doing things for reasons they cannot
fathom, and begin looking for the puppeteers.

For instance, recent events in Chicago have drawn
the Ventrue like moths to a flame. Supernatural battles
involving vampires of all types, werewolves, spirits and
mages have caused incredible upheaval in that city.
Nobody knows just who was responsible for what, though
accusatory fingers point everywhere. While these sorts
of conspiracy theories may seem paranoid, this Ventrue
belief does not stem from one single incident. Instead,
the Ventrue can point to similar inexplicable events
throughout history.

VN pl
hte iv" 14

eg

——

SESS

———-

Chapter Two: The Distinguished History of Clan Ventrue

15

RAREFIED TASTES

All vampires know of the Ventrue feeding restric-
tions. Many find them constant sources of amusement.
"Have you heard about Abraham the Ventrue? He can
only feed on his female third cousins while in a Lincoln
Town Car parked on the railroad tracks — and all his
relatives died during the French Revolution." The
Ventrue, however, take pride in their exclusivity.

Many like to point to these limits as symbolic of the
clan's rarefied tastes. Any vampire can go around drain-
ing the bums down by the wharf. As the Ventrue see it,
they seek out those worthy enough to donate their
blood. Other Ventrue believe their feeding habits de-
veloped as a safety mechanism. Because the Ventrue
keep aclose watch on their herds, they can be sure that
the blood is untainted by disease, magic or the blood of
others. No Ventrue will admit that these restrictions are
a curse or handicap.

Some astute observers believe the restrictions origi-
nate much deeper in the Ventrue psyche. These amateur
psychologists note the Ventrue passions for both mar-
tyrdom and control. They see Ventrue feeding habits as
outward manifestations of these conflicting drives and
symbols of the clan's repressed lusts. By focusing their
feeding on specific groups, the Ventrue not only get the
satisfaction of feeling as though they are selflessly de-
priving themselves, but they get to focus their obsessions
on one select group.

Whatever the case, there is little doubt that the
effects are psychological, though they date back to the
clan's earliest nights. No matter what the situation,
Ventrue will not drink the vitae of mortals other than
their chosen type. Indeed, they will reflexively refuse to
swallow if such is force-fed to them. Ventrue can drink
from any other vampire, and they can overcome their
limits to drain a deserving mortal for the Embrace.
Additionally, a given Ventrue's specific weakness can
change over time, though Storytellers should only allow
this as a result of extreme changes in the character's
personality, such as higher or lower Humanity or a
dramatically different Nature.

"My dear brother," Ventrue replied, "| do what | do
for the good of us all. When the time has come, we shall
all use these tools to recreate the world."

He turned to the one who is now called Nosferatu,
expecting the questions to continue, but Nosferatu
merely smiled. Then the four departed, though Ventrue
knew things could never again be as they had been.
From that night on Ventrue prepared himself for war
with his own kind, all the while hoping they would
become his allies once again but knowing that this
meeting had hastened the end.

16 Clanbook: Ventrue

When the infamous flood struck, and Caine sepa-
rated himself from his childer, our founder was the last to
look upon him. "Father of All," he sobbed, "will you not
stay with us? Without you, we will have no one to lead
us, Without you, there will be no one to resolve the petty
conflicts and calm the angered souls. Without you, the
Kindred can do naught but fall to war amongst themselves.
Without you, all hope of defeating the masters is lost."

Mighty Caine looked at Ventrue and, for the first time
in ages, smiled. We may never know the exact words the
First Immortal spoke unto our ancestor, but we do know
that when Ventrue returned to his Kindred, he was the only
one prepared to direct the rebuilding that was required, He
supervised all the Kindred, even his own sire, during the
creation of the Second City, and even though he knew that
it would fall some night, he devoted all his energies to it.

Here he hid the mightiest artifacts that he had
rescued from the First City. Here he buried a clay pot filled
with the Vitee of Caine. Even when the city fell, and
Ventrue was forced to flee, he knew these treasures
would be safe, ready to be used by all the Kindred when the
time is right. Some say this is why the Nosferatu delve
beneath the earth — they still seek these relics of antiquity.

THE VAST MIGRATION

After the fall of the Second City (and we all know why
that happened}, vampires spread across the planet. A
few headed north into the vast forests. A few more went
south into the deep jungles. But most stayed near the
civilized lands, moving east and west into the river valleys
and along the coastline.

Vampires visited all ancient races of humanity, but
some civilizations benefited from exceptional levels of
Cainite involvement in their affairs. These included such
lands as the island empire of Crete, the lands of Assyria,
the cities of Sumer and, of course, the kingdoms of
Egypt. During the earliest nights we Ventrue were active
in all these lands, but not in the same leadership roles we
fill today.

In those years we allowed other Kindred to take the
vanguard while we followed a more reserved approach.
Like the early Christians, we believed that the day of
reckoning was near. Caine would return to lead us in
battle against the Secret Masters, and from that night
and henceforth, Earth would again be a paradise. We
saw our tasks to be recording and preserving, keeping
Caine's dream alive until he could return to fulfill it.

Of course, some Ventrue became involved in the
politics of the "ancient" world. By the time of the Persian
Empire, we were immersed as deeply as anyone. Not
until the time of the Roman Republic, however, did we
take our place at the forefront of vampiric culture.

Ea Adapa

Ventrue vampires arrived with the Etruscans who
conquered the Italian peninsula in the eighth century B.C.
According to legend, 13 vampires, led by the Ventrue
Tinia, controlled the Etruscans. While Tinia lay in torpor,
her own childe led a revolution that overthrew the Etruscan
rulers of Rome. This childe, Collat, eventually reached a
compromise with his sire and became the ruler of Rome.

Collat and his sire do not appear in further myths,
though a reference to a beautiful Etruscan vampire who
met her death in Asia Minor does bear a resemblance to
Tinia. The renowned Ventrue Camilla became the leading
vampire in Rome and remained the most prominent
Ventrue in the world until the time of Nero.

For centuries, Camilla's main opponents in the city
were mages, not other vampires. Camilla worked ex-
tremely hard to bar other clans from the city, and as the
Roman Republic spread, so did our clan's influence. By
the third century B.C., we controlled most of Italy, and
Camilla stood out as the most influential of us all.

Two centuries earlier, members of the Brujah clan had
taken control of Carthage, but we had little problem with
that. Over time, however, they became more and more
conspicuous. While the Masquerade had yet to be created,
most vampires willingly followed the First Tradition. In
Carthage, however, the Brujah walked the streets as lords,
and all knew their real nature. Toreador flaunted their
powers regularly, and the most blatant built temples where
they accepted child sacrifices while the parents looked on.

Had these depredations been limited to Carthage, they
might have safely been ignored, but the Brujah became
bolder with each passing year. They conquered all the land
surrounding the city, enslaving the native Africans and
deploying their ghouls to do battle across the Mediterra-
nean. To culminate their crimes, they promoted the study of
blood magic to such an extent that no vampire anywhere felt
safe. They made pacts with our own enemies in Rome, the
fabled Order of Mercury, and dealt with demons to such an
extent that even tonight vampires fear to visit that corner of
Tunisia. Just walking on its soil causes the most horrible fits
of Rétschreck one can imagine.

Had we ignored the Brujah's atrocities, Caine alone
knows what sort of backlash Carthage would have created.
What unholy alliance of mortals, werewolves and mages
might have risen to fight it? Of course, once done with
Carthage, this alliance would have turned against all
Kindred. While most Ventrue were unwilling to take
action, the noble Camilla saw a new destiny for our clan.

He quietly began to gather support among those
Ventrue directly threatened by Carthage. When he had
enlisted their aid, he made his proposal for all vampires to
hear. Stressing the danger posed by the Carthaginian vam-
pires, he called for an alliance of clans to destroy the city.
Amazingly enough, the first clan to respond was Clan
Malkavian, whose members were then fighting the armies of
Carthage in Sicily. Camilla sent them aid, and the war began.

Chapter Two: The Distinguished History of Clan Ventrue

ee ;
AE

17

For more than a century the Kindred of the Western
world fought. At first the Ventrue and Malkavians stood
alone against the Brujah and their myriad allies. As the
years passed, however, more and more Kindred began to
see what would happen should the Brujah win. Asa further
enticement, Camilla opened first Italy and then Rome
itself to other clans, and they began to flock to our side.
First the Lasombra, then the Cappadocians (now called
the Giovanni), and then others joined our cause.

Still, not until we had brought the Toreador to our
side with a show of force (the conquest of Greece) and a
sign of appeasement (allowing them to move to Rome)
did we have the strength to destroy Carthage. The Brujah
fought with all the tricks and evil magics they had, and
many of us met the Final Death in this final conflict. The
fiercest and deadliest battles occurred in the hidden, blood-
stained temples where the Brujah held their sacrifices.

In these massive monuments to cruelty, Roman sol-
diers, their ghoul leaders and Ventrue masters fought the
Brujah room by room, inch by inch. Even the artwork the
Brujah had forced their mortal subjects to create for them
became weapons, and more than one Ventrue was slain
after being trapped beneath golden statues. With their last
blood the Brujah cursed the city, saying that from that night
on whoever ruled Carthage would meet a bloody end. In
response (and to make sure that all the devil-worshipping
Brujah were destroyed), we set fire to the city and watched
it burn for 17 nights. Then, with the aid of our own
sorcerous allies, we salted the earth, ensuring that the
Kindred in torpor there would never rise again.

A. NEW COURSE

Not only did the destruction of Carthage chart a new
destiny for mortals, but it set our clan irrevocably on the
track it has followed ever since. No longer could we sit
back and watch as our Kindred wrought havoc upon the
world. Even in that distant age, people and events had
become too intertwined, too dependent on one another
for us to let a horror like Carthage reappear.

Camilla had unwittingly furthered this process by
allowing an influx of Kindred into Rome as their reward
for fighting Carthage. Not only was it unwise for us to let
other vampires act without our guidance, but having so
many of them in the heart of our own territory made it
impossible. We had to interact with them on a nightly
basis; that being so, the only safe course was to become
their leaders. We would take on the role that Caine's
slanderers said he had rejected. We would become our
brothers' keepers.

Camilla, as Prince of Rome, found himself plunged
into the midst of this torrent. As the most prominent
member of our clan, he enlisted the Ventrue in the
business of enforcing the First Tradition. Despite what
other vampires have said, Camilla's efforts involved no
coercion, Indeed, during this period the Ventrue clan was as
democratic an institution as Kindred society has ever seen.

18 Clanbook: Ventrue

Each Ventrue recognized as having influence overa signifi-
cant number of mortals had as much say as any other such
Ventrue. Thus, the leader of a cult in the lands of Palestine had
as much say as Camilla himself. Our clan would occasionally
meet, usuallyin Rome, in gatherings that became the precursors
of the Camarilla's Conclaves. All Ventrue in attendance could
vote, and together they determined what course the clan as a
whole would pursue.

This system worked best during its first nights, but prob-
lems soon arose, Much to our clan's discredit, we split into
factions, and soon these meetings became forums for us to voice
disagreements rather than to enact policy. Meanwhile, the other
clans were turning their eyes to that which we had builtin Rome.

As we argued back and forth, spending our nights in
endless debate, more and more Kindred flocked to Rome,
and more and more Kindred took the opportunity to
manipulate the local leaders. When the land under our
control became too unwieldy, and the majority of Ventrue
agreed to support an emperor, the other clans (and many
mortals) fought the change with every weapon at their
disposal. Our first candidate met a public and bloody
death, and several more years of war were waged before we
could steer Rome back on course.

Camilla had hoped that the change of government
would limit the amount of influence the other clans exerted
in the Roman Senate, but he discovered that everyone
involved in those manipulations shifted their attention to the
emperor himself. Soon the emperors were being pulled in so
many directions that none of us knew what they were going
to do next.

Antonius Haminius

The Church

Having missed golden opportunities to control the
Christian Church, we were determined not to pass up
another. The Church had played a major role in destabi-
lizing our Roman Empire, and the time had come for us
to make it ours. Using our control over one of the Roman
emperors, we caused Christianity to be declared the
official religion of Rome. Later, when Christianity itself
began to splinter, we again used our influence to solder it
back together.

However, we have never commanded the same influ-
ence over the church leaders that we did over the emperors.
Even when we had the Emperor Constantine call the
Nicaean Council in A.D. 325, we had no way of control-
ling what decisions it would reach. Even when it culminated
satisfactorily in the Nicaean Creed, we had no way to
pacify the disparate elements of the Church.

By the time the Western Empire finally fell, as we
knew it must, we had already shifted much of our re-
sources out of the government and into the Church. We
could never consolidate our hold over the Church for a

THE MAD EMPEROR NERO

Nero, one of the most infamous rulers in history,
graphically illustrates the disastrous effect supernatural
beings, especially vampires, can have upon mortal pawns.
At the beginning of his reign, when he appeared to be
completely under Camilla's control, he was an admirable
emperor, known for wisdom, generosity and, most of all,
mercy. Within five years that had completely changed.

Other vampires, including Setites, Malkavians,
Lasombra and Toreador, made attempts to control him.
The Order of Mercury, one of the secret powers involved in
much of Rome's history, tried to convert him to its ways,

and accordingly the emperor studied sorcery throughout
his reign. Camilla worked hard to negate all outside influ-
ences, but then came the infamous fire that Nero has been
accused of setting. Camilla disappeared during the confla-
gration — some say at the hands of the Toreador Caius
Petronius. No vampire can deny that this event marked the
end of the Roman Empire, though we fought against its
downfall for the next 400 years.

Nero himself fell more and more under Toreador
control, which they strengthened when he toured Greece
in A.D. 66. The extent of their control was amply
displayed in A.D. 68 when, going to war against the
Gauls, his primary concern was to ensure that he had
proper wagons to carry his musical instruments and
theatrical props. The Ventrue finally replaced him later
that year, but by then the damage to Rome was irreversible.

number of reasons, The most important had to do with a
schism within our own ranks. During the 150 years
following the Nicaean Council, our members saw that
dramatic change was in the air but argued about how to
deal with it.

In the pagan past, religion had always been tied to the
structure of government. Even when priests wielded a
great deal of political power, as in the Egyptian dynasties,
they never considered religion a separate entity from the
secular institutions. Christianity changed this. In the new
religion, the religious leaders were distinct from, and
superior to, the political leaders. Its followers owed their
allegiance to Christ, not Caesar.

While past religions had aided our goal of keeping
society stable, Christianity had a higher purpose. To the
pagans, it appeared as though the Christians were shirk-
ing their civic duties. Christians rarely revolted, preferring
to submit meekly rather than fight. Christianity grew
despite persecution. It would make the perfect blind for us.

Other Ventrue did not see Christianity as an oppor-
tunity. These vampires gravitated toward the eastern half
of the Roman Empire, where Christianity played much
the same role religion did during pagan times. These
Ventrue included many of the eldest, wisest and most

Chapter Two: The Distinguished History of Clan Ventrue 19

powerful members of our clan, This not only weakened
the Western Empire, contributing to its collapse in A.D.
476, but hindered our efforts to control the Church.

Our second stumbling block involved other powers
trying to grab a piece of the Christian pie. These powers
consisted not only of other vampires, but mages and
extremely powerful mortals as well. Additionally, while
instances of people displaying what we now call True
Faith have occurred throughout history, Christianity
attracted them like a magnet. We tried to keep these
individuals from attaining power, but many acquired it
despite us. We learned to deal with the Church through
ghouls, for direct involvement often backfired.

Despite the fact that we never obtained the level of
control we desired, the Church began to fulfill a number
of our goals. It allowed us to influence and, in many cases,
control people of different nationalities. Where before we
needed empires to influence large numbers of people, the
Christian ideology allowed us to shape them across
borders. Christianity's promise of heaven often allowed
the kine to shoulder the temporal restrictions our other
agents put on their lives. Finally, it gave us another
Weapon to use against our enemies and a way to check
those individuals with True Faith.

The Inquisition

This remained true through the era that has come to
be called the Middle Ages. We reached the apex of our
power with Charlemagne in A.D. 812, when the eastern
and western Ventrue reunited, We might have main-
tained this stability had it not been for the backbiting,
intrigue and competition that had seemingly become
integral components of the vampiric nature.

For the next 400 years we vampires ceaselessly
fought each other. We ignored the mortals except when
we used them for our own advantage. We fancied our-
selves far superior to the kine, who huddled in their
pitiful homes, shaking with fear every night that we
might swoop down and tear out their precious throats.
While most of us followed the First Tradition, many
ignored it, and the people had good reason to fear.

During those nights, the myth of the vampire came
into its own. Tzimisce lords ruled vast estates, and no serf
was safe from their thirst. Gangrel wandered the deep
forests, only venturing out to attack a lone farm. They
would leave its inhabitants butchered, and the next
morning neighbors would discover only vultures alive
there. Malkavians wandered from town to town, and
residents were wise to fear strangers in the night. Nosferatu
took perverse pleasure in the reaction their appearance
engendered, never caring what backlash this might bring.

It was in this atmosphere of superstition and fear
that we made one of our costliest blunders. When Church
leaders called for an Inquisition against Christian her-
etics, we made no effort to block it. Embroiled in our own

20 Clanbook: Ventrue

plots and battles, we had no attention to spare for what
we saw as a minor movement. Our enemies took advan-
tage of the opportunity we gave them, and with a few
short decades our control of the Church had been shaken
to its roots.

The Inquisition began in southern France during the
early years of the 13th century. At first we ignored it, for
it appeared to be aimed mainly at mortals and mages,
though the Toreador did suffer as well. Indeed, some
cynics have said that a Toreador, angered by the criticism
his art had received from other Toreador, began the
Inquisition. The pope officially founded the Society of
Leopold in 1231, and the world of the vampire was
changed forever.

There is no way to know when the Inquisition first
targeted vampires. but in 1252 it uncovered its first
Ventrue. Mortals may have discovered her on their own,
or her enemies may have pointed them in her direction,
but at that point we knew the Inquisition had gotten out
of control. We reasserted our control over church leaders
only to discover that the Society of Leopold was beyond
our reach — but that we were within its.

To uncover vampires, the inquisitors would use the
most horrendous tortures known, Starvation, one of their
key weapons against mortals, was of no use against us.
Instead they would roast our feet over glowing coals.
wrench our bodies on the rack to see if we would heal
ourselves, slowly destroy our limbs under millstones, and
inflict a thousand other tortures. If the inquisitors even
suspected that their captive was a vampire, they would
burn him as soon as possible.

Despite their power over us. they apparently came to
fear our frenzies. The rules of the inquisitors forbade the
spilling of blood, apparently for fear that we would
frenzy at its sight, and they rarely thrust one of us into the
sunlight after they got their first look at the horror of
Rétschreck. Additionally, vampires and other super-
natural beings found ways to manipulate the inquisitors,
and soon the Society of Leopold had become another
weapon in the Jyhad, if a more horrific one.

Still, it was a tool with a mind of its own. Its leaders
sought out the Kindred with a vengeance, and it managed
to catch younger vampires with unnerving ease. We do
not know just how many met the Final Death, but we can
understand the frustration that caused the neonates to
begin the Anarch Movement. Of course, they immedi-
ately fell under the sway of the Secret Masters.

THECOMING OF THECAMARILLA

Success in the war against the Sabbat may well be the
crowning achievement of the Ventrue. Not only did our
noble clan take its rightful place at the head ofits brethren,
but it has had amazing success against incredible odds. In
its earliest nights, the Anarch Movement nearly routed
those who protected the Traditions. It struck savagely and
without warning, using any means available to destroy its
enemies, Assamites and Setites roamed the hills, while
Brujah attacked their elders in the cities.

Into this maelstrom of terror stepped Clan Ventrue.
While individual vampires might be powerful, Ventrue
leaders knew that the anarch hordes were more than a
match for any single elder. Some of the finest figures in
vampiric history met Final Death on those dark nights.
Thus the Ventrue began advocating for an organization of

responsible, capable vampires to counterbalance the new
threat.

Our success can be seen in the Convention of Thorns,
which brought the Brujah as a clan to our side, though
individual members of that Rabble have remained the
enemies of all right-thinking Cainites. From the fall of the
Anarch Movement, however, sprang the dread Sabbat.

This new sect rejected everything for which we had
striven. It sought to subjugate humanity under its dung-
stained boot while imprisoning vampires amidst a stagnant
world where change was anathema and personal freedom
and accomplishment repugnant. No more obvious pawns
of the Secret Masters could possibly exist, and Clan
Ventrue has ever since devoted itself to the destruction of
this sect.

For centuries the war between the sects raged across
Europe. Many mortal conflicts occurred against the back-
drop of this immortal war, and both sides achieved their
own successes. In the end, the Ventrue and their allies
drove almost all Sabbat vampires from the continent,
forcing them to take up residence in the unsettled New
World. Now the Ventrue stand poised to destroy that dark
sect, having riddled it with their own agents and turned it
into a house of cards waiting for the right breeze to knock
it down.

Chapter Two: The Distinguished History of Clan Ventrue 21

While the Ventrue like to consider themselves
trendsetters, carving a path for other Kindred and kine
to follow, they are often themselves slaves to fashion.
One example of this is their lingering fascination with
sword fights and dueling.

When fencing became popular among the mortal
nobility, the Ventrue joined the trend. Clan members
had naturally shied away from jousting (a lance, made of
wood, could have just the wrong effect on a vampire's
heart), but sword fights were ideal. Duels allowed Ventrue
to hurt their enemies without risking any permanent
damage while at the same time remaining cloaked in the
trappings of honor.

In fact, dueling did not really go out of style among
the Ventrue until the 1800s, and even tonight some Blue
Bloods prefer it as a means to settle disputes. This skill is
often taught to childer. Many vampires have been sur-
prised by certain Ventrue's aptitude with melee weapons
— including stakes.

The Industrial Age

As the wars with the Sabbat continued and
the Camarilla expanded, the Ventrue began to
play a greater and greater role in mortal society.
When the kine began migrating from the farms
to the cities, the Ventrue prospered more than
any other clan. They quickly saw the potential in
the new industries and immediately began ex-
ploiting them. During these years, Clan Ventrue
began to assume its current form.

Of course, other forces were also at work.
Colonization and imperialism forced the Ventrue
to change. The clan's agents traveled the world,
making their presence felt everywhere. When
mortals under its control moved into India, the
clan used the opportunity to assess the odd
vampires of that subcontinent. They did the

same in Africa, the New World and the Middle
East.

These mortal agents had all the technology
and economic might of Europe at their disposal,
and they used these weapons to subjugate whole
countries and races. The Ventrue, while latecom-
ers to the Age of Exploration, jumped into it
wholeheartedly. Soon their English and German
pawns had overcome the Toreador's lead, and
the world lay at the feet of its Ventrue lords.

As the Ventrue extended their influence,
however, they found themselves becoming more
and more entrenched in the status quo, less and
less willing to tolerate changes in their domains.
They became stricter and stricter in their adher-

22 Clanbook: Ventrue

ence to the Traditions and the Camarilla. Few
will deny that their reactionary politics helped
provoke the renewal of the Anarch Movement,
which afflicts the world tonight.

Additionally, the Ventrue's efforts to spread
their influence around the world may have
created an even more dangerous situation. They
have made other supernatural creatures aware
of them. First contact with the fearsome Asian
vampires came through the Ventrue, and it was
this contact which seems to have led the Asians
to look beyond their historic boundaries. The
Ventrue have also come into conflict with
werewolves, shamans, witches, mummies and
other beings — enemies who remember every
slight.

The Information Age

Now the Ventrue stand astride the Western
world like colossi, recognized leaders of one of
the most powerful races ever to exist. Most
Ventrue see their positions as unassailable, for
they control resources undreamed of by their
sires. Less partisan observers have a markedly
different opinion.

These observers note the extremely potent
enemies that the Ventrue have made. Anarchs
and Sabbat battle the clan for control of vampiric
society. Mages contest the clan's control of
mortal institutions, while werewolves feel in-
creasingly free to leave their forests and lope

THE INTREPID EXPLORERS

Despite the Ventrue reputation for being staid and
conservative, the clan can boast some of the bravest
explorers the Kindred world has ever known. During the
18th and 19th centuries, Ventrue sailed the Nile River
to its source, hacked their way through the jungles of
Africa, made their way across the New World and
pushed into every part of Asia. Only the Gangrel can
brag of having been to more uncivilized lands.

While the Gangrel went where they did out of
wanderlust, the Ventrue never went anywhere without
a distinct purpose in mind. Usually, as in India, that
purpose was to gain control of larger areas and popula-
tions. Ventrue motives have not always been that
self-serving, however.

The clan's early explorations of southern Africa
helped defeat the earliest Sabbat attempts to colonize
the area. The Ventrue's earliest efforts in Japan were at
least partially aimed at discovering the Asian vampires'
tole in the Jyhad. After these altruistic purposes had
been achieved, however, the Ventrue had no compunc-
tions against usurping the land for themselves.


through the cities. The Ventrue have never had
much conflict with the wraiths and changelings,
but even these beings have become agitated in

recent years.

While old clan members feel confident in
their supremacy, younger ones are not so sure.
The clan has split, albeit rather cordially, over
its perceived stagnation. Older vampires prefer
to maintain past policies; younger ones want the
clan to acknowledge individual initiative and

encourage greater change.

Certain clan members share an even more
pervasive concern, one about which they often
fear to speak. These Ventrue postulate that the
Secret Masters have manipulated the clan's
enemies for centuries, and their speculation
does not stop there. They see incomprehensible,
self-defeating actions by clan elders, and won-
der. They watch clan leaders hinder capable
ancillee while rewarding those who do nothing,
and worry. They look at all these events and see
the hands of the Secret Masters behind the

Ventrue as well.
Anonymous

THE VENTRUE
AND MOTHERRUSSIA

While Russia never completely belonged to the
Ventrue, the clan had its hooks in the country at least as
far back as the Roman Empire. In a land of its size,
however, there was no way to keep out other clans, and
Gangrel, Nosferatu, Tzimisce and others wandered at
will.

Ventrue influence in Russia faced its only (and
final) challenge during World War I. Clan Ventrue had
devastated itself through intraclan warfare, as clan lead-
ers in England and Russia battled the more established
leaders in Germany. By the end of the war, the clan had
used most of its resources against itself, and its best

members had met the Final Death.

A large group of Brujah Idealists, who had only
limited involvement in the war itself, saw its chance and
moved on the isolated, devastated country. It swiftly
destroyed the Ventrue still in the country and, in what
is described as either one of the few displays of Brujah
loyalty or an amazing coincidence, anarchs around the
world combined to keep the Ventrue too busy with them
to deal with Russia.

For 70 years the Ventrue could do little to defeat the
Brujah state, and were as amazed as anyone when it fell.
Now individual Brujah and clan leaders hope to reclaim
the land. Leading this effort is the Ventrue Rasputin,
Embraced in the last nights of the old Czarist regime and
ready to reclaim the power he once wielded.

Chapter Two: The Distinguished History of Clan Ventrue

23


First and last and always till the end of the end of time. First
and last and always mine.

— Sisters of Mercy, "First and Last and Always"

While some vampires accuse the Ventrue of being as
conservative and tradition-boundas the Tremere, the Ventrue
themselves quickly disagree. The Blue Bloods argue that no
other clan so rewards individual initiative and accomplish-
ment. Their enemies retort that the clan promotes a younger
vampire only when outside pressure makes it unavoidable. A
little of both is true.

Not that this dichotomy bothers the clan. The Ventrue
take a quiet pride in what they consider a pragmatic attitude
toward unlife. Let other Kindred worry about who deserves to
be doing what. As far as the Ventrue are concerned, the proof
ofa vampire's right to wield power is the fact that the vampire
has it.

This attitude extends to the clan's position in vampiric
society. The fact that the Ventrue lead proves that they
deserve to lead. While this means the clan is often a lightning
rod, bearing the brunt of attacks by anarchs, Sabbat and
others, its members also enjoy the fruits of this position —
prime hunting grounds, wealth, adoration, etc.


STRUCTURE

Outsiders would also be surprised to discover just how
much the clan has changed through the ages. In its earliest
nights, the clan had no organized structure. The more power
an individual Ventrue wielded, the more respect she com-
manded, but there was no formal mechanism for this. This
changed shortly after the destruction of Carthage.

THE SENATE

Under the guidance of the great Ventrue Camilla, the
most prominent clan members began meeting to set clan
policy. This senate, as it was called, was small at first, but grew
at a remarkable rate. Open to those Ventrue who could
demonstrate control over a substantial number of mortals,
the group was remarkably democratic in its politics. Each
member had a single vote and equal time to address each issue.

Discussions generally revolved around what direction
the clan should take, and these early votes helped expand the
Ventrue's role from that of archivists to that of leaders. It
seemed that each time the senate met it debated some new
threat to the Traditions, and each time it resolved to increase
the Ventrue's involvement in the affairs of other Kindred.

This did not go unopposed, of course. Such notable
Ventrue as the historian Ea Adapa constantly strove to return
the clan to its original mission, but she and her supporters met
with little success. Otherclans also discovered what the Ventrue
had accomplished with the senates, but they had no more luck
than Adapa in stopping its spreading influence.

This success, however, proved the clan's undoing. As each
Ventrue expanded her influence in the world, the senate
became more occupied with its secondary role — resolving
intraclan disputes. Ventrue began selling their votes to other
Ventrue; meaningless power struggles continued night after
night; and, after Camilla's disappearance, the senate devolved
into squabbling factions incapable of accomplishing anything.

CLANS WITHIN CLANS

When the Western Roman Empire fell in A.D. 476, no
senate had been called in more than 200 years. No structure
appeared to take its place, and the Ventrue instead began to
form what could only be considered subclans. Sires would
establish their childer in positions of power and then expect
the younger vampires to support them in the future.

Subsequently, a powerful vampire might successfully
recruit a handful of these sires to his side, and he would
become the most powerful Ventrue (and one of the most
powerful vampires) for miles around. These petty strong-
holds rarely lasted for more than a few hundred years, and the
Middle Ages saw the rise and fall of many a Ventrue.

Some Ventrue found an alternate way to use this system.
These vampires remained slightly aloof from the manipula-
tions of the other Ventrue, instead forming clandestine

26 Clanbook: Ventrue

alliances with the power of the moment. When that power
began to wane, they would cast about for someone to take its
place and shift their support in that direction.

Though all Ventrue believed they shared a common
vision, each vampire focused on a different part. This quasi-
feudal patchwork remained the only consistent structure the
Ventrue had until the formation of the Camarilla.

THE HIDDEN ORDERS

The inadequacies of the Ventrue's system became strik-
ingly apparent upon the formation of the new sect. In order
to provide the leadership most Ventrue felt they should, the
clan would have to unite. The old movers and shakers, many
of whom had played key roles in creating the Camarilla,
began secretly meeting around Europe.

In order to hide their actions from both the Sabbat and
other Kindred who might mistake their motives, the Ventrue
sought to cloak their gatherings in as much mystery as
possible. Thus, they created a series of secret orders and
societies, each based in a given city.

The orders were initially established only in the largest
cities, and only the leading Ventrue of a city knew members in
other cities. Other Ventrue in the surrounding area could
attend meetings of their local order and slowly earn the trust of
its leaders. They found that the only way they could work with
the orders in other locations was by becoming servants of the
local leader or by earning the friendship of distant Ventrue. Most
Ventruenever understood the reasons behind their leaders' actions,
and only the leaders of the orders could see the big picture.

Some of these local orders rarely met, while others
congregated on a regular basis. Some orders became dis-
tinctly political, with all their members involving themselves
in mortal and Kindred affairs, while others had more diverse
goals. Some were quasi-mystical, some religious, while not a
few devoted themselves to furthering their leaders' power.

For instance, one branch centered around a charismatic
leader known only as the Petal, who believed the clan should
play an even more prominent role in controlling mortals. As
signs of their loyalty to him and their disdain for mortals, his
followers based their order on a parody of the Church, with
their own rites and ceremonies. After the Petal was mysteri-
ously destroyed duringa thunderstorm in Brussels, his followers
blamed clan elders for his Final Death. When Ventrue
leaders attempted to put a stop to this slander, they discov-
ered that the Sabbat had gotten there first, and that all the
surviving members of the Petal's branch had joined that sect.

Despite the individual orders' diverse goals and occa-
sional failings, however, the orders asa whole served important
functions. Not only did the orders allow the clan to act with
some unity, they also gave younger Ventrue a way to learn
and advance without directly opposing their superiors.

Each order remained largely independent, but their
leaders cooperated as much as possible. They also took into
account the wishes of their underlings as much as possible while
remaining unconstrained by any lesser Ventrue's desires.

THE DIRECTORATE

The hidden orders remained in place for almost 500
years, but even they proved unable to keep up with the
changing times. As the Ventrue expanded throughout Af-
tica, Asia and the New World, they found the orders' covert
nature detrimental to clan growth. Many of the orders,
especially the younger ones, came out of hiding.

In so doing, they made their affairs open to all Ventrue
and even to other Kindred. The orders became dominated by
groups of powerful clan members rather than by solitary
leaders. Additionally, as the clan took an interest in mortal
businesses, the orders began to assume a corporate structure.
By the late 1800s, a number of the orders had openly emerged
as directorates, theoretically devoted to ensuring the success
of all Ventrue and, through them, all vampires.

Now the clan has a directorate in almost every major city
in the Western world. Some directorates may have only two
or three members, but all serve the same purpose — ensuring
that the clan's power and influence continue to spread.
Directorates usually meet on the first Tuesday of every
month, and every Ventrue in a given city is expected to
attend, The senior Board of Directors only rarely meets, but
its members stay in constant communication.

THE ATAVISTS

Very few Kindred outside the clan know of its past
structures, and that is the way most Ventrue want things
to stay. First of all, those past structures were secret, and
the clan is afraid that if their existence became widely
known it would cast a poor light on what the clan
accomplished in earlier times. Second, and more impor-
tantly, the Ventrue do not want other vampires to know
that its past leaders failed to maintain clan unity. Any
sign of past weakness might inspire the clan's present
enemies.

Some Ventrue do not feel this way. Referred to as
Atavists or Throwbacks, these vampires believe the di-
rectorates are flawed and inferior to past structures. There
are those (usually young) who espouse the democratic
trappings of the ancient senates and wish their votes
counted in the directorate like they believe a Ventrue's
vote counted then. Others (usually old) believe the
directorate system has made the Venttue soft. These
vampires want to reestablish the old subclan system,
where the strong prospered and the weak perished.

Finally, an even smaller group of Ventrue believe
that the clan has become too public in its current form.
Instead of leading the Kindred, they say, the clan has a
divisive effect. They note that many Kindred who join
the anarchs or Sabbat point to Ventrue oppression as part
of the reason. These Atavists believe the clan should
reinstitute the hidden orders and guide the undead from
the shadows.

Chapter Three: Traditions of the Ventrue 27

VENTRUE TRADITIONS

Notonly do the Ventrue espouse the Camarilla's Six
Traditions, they have many more of their own. One well-
known dictum is that of Sanctuary. Any Ventrue can
demand safety in the haven of any other Ventrue. This
is one reason Ventrue help each other so willingly —
better to keep a clanmate out of trouble than to succor
him when he's in trouble.

Another tradition is that of Accountability. While
all vampires are supposed to follow that Fourth Tradi-
tion, the Ventrue believe it should apply even after the
childe has been introduced to and become a part of
Kindred society. Ventrue sires always feel slighted if their
childer act against the clan and will be the first to try to
bring them to justice. Conversely, Ventrue sires also
expect their childer's successes to elevate their own
status.

But following Tradition does not always mean un-
thinking adherence to senseless rules. A less widely
known but more enjoyable custom is that of the Embrace
Nights. Each year, Ventrue celebrate the anniversary of
the night they became undead. These celebrations, re-
served for the Ventrue and their closest allies, usually
involve weeks or months of planning and lots of money.
Some Ventrue rent parks, auditoriums, entire hotels or
massive luxury liners to hold their parties.

The variety among these parties is truly astounding
given the clan's stuffy reputation. Some Ventrue do
prefer subdued affairs where they recite their lineage for
the benefit of all in attendance. Others, however, throw
wild debauches where anything goes and blood flows like
wine.

The only constant with these parties is the gift-
giving. As with mortals, all the guests try to surpass each
other's gifts. While there is no obvious reward for giving
the best present, doing so is a sure way to gain Clan
Prestige. These parties are not supposed to be tied to
prestation, but the recipient cannot help but feel some-
what indebted to the giver ofan exceptional present, just
as guests feel beholden to hosts who throw especially
successful parties.

VENTRUE LAW

Ventrue law has never really been codified or even
written down. Each directorate makes and enforces its own
policy, as long as that policy does not overtly conflict with the
clan's international agenda. While they are not bound by any
written rules, the Ventrue do have an even stricter form of
regulation — Tradition.

Bound by their history, however biased that may be, the
Ventrue look first to the past to determine a precedent for
resolving a current situation. "If it was good enough for my
sire it's good enough for me" is an all-too-common sentiment.

28 Clanbook: Ventrue

When Ventrue want to decide whether they should support
the Tremere in battling the mages or follow the Toreador
prince's policy of pensive neutrality, at least afew Blue Bloods
will begin looking through their history books to see what the
clan did in a similar situation years before.

This adherence to Tradition even more strongly governs
relations among Ventrue. Younger Venttue are expected to
defer almost completely to their elders. This is partly out of
respect to Social Darwinism — the Ventrue who is on top
must be the one who deserves to be on top — but has more
to do with the fact that this is the way the clan has always
acted.

The directorates are the final enforcers of this "law," but
all Ventrue will turn against a clan member who violates
Tradition. This situation most often arises when younger
vampires try to shake up old industries under the control of
their elders. Maybe the business is stagnating, but the young
vampire had no right trying to take it away from her elder.

CONTROLLING
THE KINE

Manipulating mortals isn't so easy as it may initially
seem. Young vampires often mistakenly believe that all they
have to do is stare into a mortal's eyes, use Dominate, and the
problem is solved. What they don't realize is what a tempo-
rary solution this is, and how often it backfires.

Mortals are not the unsuspecting dolts vampires often
think they are. Even if a Ventrue Dominates someone into
taking some action and then forces her to forget the control,
hecannotkeep her from subsequently undoing everything. A
police officer forced to look the other way will begin to
wonder why she did so, and will look into the situation twice
as hard as she otherwise might have. A bureaucrat mesmer-
ized into rescinding an order condemning a vampire's haven
will be shocked at his own conduct and thus acquire an
unhealthy interest in the property.

The use of Presence can create an even worse backlash.
A person convinced via Entrancement to help a vampire will
lose that conviction as soon as the vampire has left. When
that person realizes that she gave the vampire critical finan-
cial information because of feelings she no longer possesses,
she will likely become resentful and angry. Not only is she
likely to tell her superiors what happened, she will do every-
thing in her power to enact her own revenge. This bitterness
can be magnified even further if the victim feels that the
vampire spurned her. Hell hath no fury like a mortal scorned.

Controlling kine requires a delicate touch, a quick mind
and at least a little Empathy. Many vampires, especially
Ventrue, take a certain pride in how rarely they have to resort
to Disciplines to get what they want. Their other tools, while
less cut-and-dried, have their own rewards.


THE GOVERNMENT

Ventrue, especially neonates, shy away from direct con-
trol over prominent political figures. If a conspicuous public
figure begins acting strangely, someone will notice the change.
Additionally, the most famous public officials have both the
most power and the most restrictions. Using a congressman
to stop a murder investigation will only draw even more
unwanted attention. Finally, elected officials are always
subject to the whims of the electorate, which only the most
powerful vampires can affect.

Instead, Ventrue focus their efforts on low-level cogs.
Wise Ventrue begin by controlling employees in the city's
personnel department, who can then feed them all the
information they need to take more and more control of the
government. Some find their first pawns in the zoning offices
overseeing their main feeding or business areas. These Ventrue
tealize that if they can block their enemies' business expan-
sion or facilitate their own, they will gain a decided edge.
Other Ventrue target workers in the finance or public works
departments for the same reasons. Owning someone in the
parks department can be a good way to obtain favors from the
Gangrel and keep an eye on the Lupines.

The police and courts make tempting targets and are
highly prized by Ventrue. Neonates are advised to avoid
going after the police chief and judges; their elders have
usually already Conditioned these officials. The prudent
neonate instead starts with the police officers who patrol a beat
near her haven; she then moves on to the precinct captain. In
the courts she will aim first for the judges' clerks (who do much
of the real work), promising attorneys and capable prosecutors
and public defenders. These are the judges of the future.

How does a vampire gain control of these figures? The
most common way is with money — no public servant
believes he is getting paid what he is worth. This is not the
most reliable method, however, for these mercenaries can be
bought by other vampires and betray the character.

Wiser Ventrue strike up a personal relationship with the
bureaucrat and proceed from there. Many people will do all
sorts of things fora friend that they would never do for money.
Allsentient beings are susceptible to the pulls of friendship, and
Ventrue have innumerable tools to facilitate this. The Presence
Discipline, an ability to grant favors (anything from getting the
pawn a raise to having his annoying neighbor move away) and
the simple expedient of playing on the pawn's ego all go a long
way. Some Ventrue have claimed their main task is analogous
tothat of asmart prostitute— make the john feel important and
worthy no matter how much of a schmuck he may be.

Ofcourse, there are other tools. Blackmail has always been
popular among the undead. Offering favors, both legal and
illegal, or even vampiric vitae, can work wonders. Politicians
can rationalize away most Discipline-induced actions if the
actions did not wildly deviate from their normal behavior. Last
but not least, vampires can inspire popular support for their
cause, force public officials to bend to their wills, and then cause
that support to fade away as if it were never there.


ELECTIONS

Elections are tricky things to control, and young
Ventrue usually spend more time helping their elders
than fielding their own candidates. Their first task is
recruiting the support of those community leaders who
can deliver a number of votes. More than one Ventrue
has been Embraced merely because of her knowledge of
the political landscape and the number of votes she
could deliver at election time.

In recent years, Ventrue have found willing and
malleable political pawns in the form of religious lead-
ers. These charismatic figures have loosed their
unthinking minions upon the political arena, and the
vampires have quietly used these unwitting dupes to
take over promising political institutions.

Vampiric involvement in elections does not end
with their control of special interests like these. An-
other area where young Ventrue often excel is the
dirty-tricks division. Tactics can be as blatant as releas-
ing a video of the other candidate being ecstatically
flagellated by a naked, muscular young man or as subtle
as paying off preachers to "forget" to tell their congrega-
tions to vote on Election Day. Some Ventrue implant
posthypnotic commands in the rival candidate's mind,
causing him to gaffe during a big debate. Others success-
fully convince large numbers of kine (those whose votes

they can't control) that voting doesn't matter, thereby
ensuring that the only mortals who vote are the pawns
of one vampire or another.

Finally, some Ventrue avoid uncertainty altogether
by controlling both major candidates and letting the
electorate do as it pleases. Of course, the anarchs argue
(often correctly) that ideology really doesn't matter
anyway. Whoever wins will be the pawn of one Leech or
another, so one's time is better spent trying to change
the entire system than worrying about whether Pawn
One or Pawn Two wins the office.

30

Clanbook: Ventrue

THE BUSINESS WORLD

Corporations provide a whole different set of challenges.
While minor corporate officials may do most of the work and
be responsible for a company's success, actual control rests in
the owners' hands. They set the direction, decide policy, hire
and fire, and most importantly, handle the money.

Methods of taking control of a company are as diverse as
companies themselves. Public corporations, which are owned
by anyone who buys their stock but managed by a board of
directors and a CEO, require a different strategy than do
private corporations. Often a vampire does not need torunan
entire company — just a subsidiary or a local corporation.
Ventrue often joke that when another vampire achieves
success in business, it means he has sold his soul to their clan.
On the other hand, because no neonates know who really
controls what corporation, Ventrue may themselves be work-
ing for Giovanni, Glass Walkers, Toreador or who knows
what else.

Accordingly, Ventrue like to have their control as high
up the corporate ladder as possible. This is not an easy thing
to accomplish. Buying up a company's stock is expensive,
time-consuming and certain to attract attention. A more
common way to gain influence in a public company is
through its main officers. Because most boards of directors
follow the lead of the companies' upper management, the
Ventrue find ways to make the executives beholden to them.

A common tactic is to manufacture a crisis in the
company (corporate takeover, labor difficulties, legal inves-
tigations or defective products) and then appear as a white
knight come to save the day. The executives feel beholden to
the vampire and, more importantly, will do anything to keep
the vampire from telling the board of directors or stockhold-
ers about what almost happened. The Ventrue will then use
this opening to influence the company's direction until the
CEO is afraid to move without his master's permission.

A board of directors can help a vampire run a company,
though this is an uncertain thing. Ifa Ventrue can control it,
perhaps by making its chairman a ghoul, she can neutralize a
hostile CEO. The board can use its influence to keep him in
line or even fire him and hire a replacement more to the
vampire's liking.

Ventrue often use the "crisis" method against private
corporations, but in a more overtly offensive vein. In these
cases, they make sure the owners know exactly who created
the problem. When a shipping company's trucks start getting
hijacked at the rate of one a night, they let the owner know
what he has to do to make the hijacking stop. When the
assembly line breaks down every hour, on the hour, they let
the owners know what they have to do to keep it running.

In all of these cases, the company in question finds itself
with a new partner — the Ventrue. Even ifa Ventrue moves
in legitimately, perhaps by giving the company the money it
needs to expand, she will come to dominate the firm. In order
for the firm to fulfill the Ventrue's purpose, she must control
it completely — and control it she will.

Ventrue usually avoid Embracing the old, though there
are many exceptions to this. Vampiric existence is extremely
dangerous, and the Ventrue want their neonates capable
socially, mentally and physically. Rather than letting their
old allies die off, however, Ventrue often feed them their
blood and bind them as ghouls.

Ghouls span the spectrum of Ventrue interests, and no
clan makes more or better use of these second-class immor-
tals. Ventrue have discovered that the lure of eternal life
makes a most effective bribe, especially for those mortals old
enough to be in positions capable of furthering the clan's
interests. Ventrue have far more to gain by enlisting the old
and powerful than the young and promising (these latter
make better childer than ghouls).

Ventrue ghouls remain in their old positions for a
teasonable amount of time, arrange a transferal of their
temporal power to the Ventrue, and then take positions
behind the scenes. While some Ventrue eliminate their
ghouls as soon as their usefulness has ended, most prefer to
find new positions for their old allies. If those positions are

more dangerous and the ghouls meet untimely ends, then so
be it.

Until such time as their utility ends, a Ventrue's ghouls
make up a big part of his unlife. The clan takes the Fourth
Tradition of the Accounting to heart and applies it to ghouls
as well. Ventrue consider a ghoul an extension of its master
and treat it as such. They usually avoid sending their servants
into needless danger or grossly mistreating them. Many
ghouls have served their Ventrue masters for decades and will
do so for decades more.

VENTRUEAND
THE WORLD

MORTALS

Do we have a responsibility to the children of Seth? The
answer is a resounding yes. They are as much in our charge as

the Brujah, the Malkavians or the lowly Caitiff.
THEARCANUM

Our Kindred do not realize what a useful tool this
organization has been. Its members have succeeded in dis-
covering much that we would never have found ourselves.
Still, it remains imperative that neither it nor the Camarilla
realizes the influence we have over it.

THE INQUISITION

A constant reminder of what a threat mortals can be
when manipulated by more powerful forces. If there are such
things as the Secret Masters, then the Inquisition is surely
their handiwork.

Chapter Three: Traditions of the Ventrue

31

32

Clanbook: Ventrue

THE CAMARILLA

Obviously not the best of all possible organizations, but
the best we can hope for. It is not under our control or anyone
else's; instead, it provides a stage upon which we can watch
and learn. Studied long enough, it should reveal who is
attempting to accomplish what.

THE INCONNU

These aged vampires are either the most flagrant liars or
the most tragic dupes in existence. That they could ever
believe that they are not being manipulated by other, more
powerful entities is incomprehensible. These are some of the
biggest pawns in the game. Still, their raw power makes them
appear more like blundering rooks or queens. Beware.

THE SABBAT

Yes, it was no doubt created to be a tool of the Secret
Masters, but here we have achieved our greatest successes.
The more successes it scores, the more powerful it becomes,
the more imminent is its collapse. Our efforts have ensured
that this vile sect cannot survive. When it comes crashing
down, it will take its Masters with it.

ASSAMITES

We have had more contact with this clan than anyone
else, and almost destroyed it during Rome's heyday. Since the
Inquisition, it has become apparent that its power has been
broken, and now its assassins are nothing more than faithful
lapdogs content to serve anyone who meets their price.

BRUJAH

This noxious rabble shifts with the wind like the stench
from a garbage dump. They have been our allies, enemies,
betrayers and benefactors. If a Brujah says something, do not
believe it. She may mean it with all sincerity, but even she
may not know what she will do next. I would prefer their
permanent enmity to ourcurrent unsteady alliance —at least
then they would be predictable.

FOLLOWERS OF SET

These snakes may be predictable, but that does not make
them any easier to deal with. Every time you enlist one of
these creatures to your cause, you can be sure that he is
searching for a way to manipulate events against you. Better
to set them up as the scapegoats for anything that might go
wrong, thus destroying them before they can turn their
attention to you.

GANGREL

Good, easily trained little pets. Feed their little delusions
("Oh, yes, by living in the Barrens you stay quite free of the
Jyhad!"), throw them some bones ("I would be more than
happy to help prevent the paper mill from polluting your
swamp."), and they will support you as surely as a dog runs to
the one who feeds it.

GIOVANNI

These charlatans like to play make-believe, exuding an
aura of magic and mystery, but we know better. As far as
magic goes, they are nothing compared to the Tremere. As far
as business goes, they are less than nothing compared to us
When we want something that they have, they give way
without complaint. All rumors that they are manipulating us
for some darker purpose are mere drivel.

MALKAVIAN

Is their madness genuine, or is it a ruse to make us relax
our guard? The answer is probably both and neither. The
Malkavians have usually been our allies, as during Rome, but
this has not always been the case. More than likely they are

products of the Secret Masters' machinations, no longer able
to express free will except through insanity.

NOSFERATU

This clan has done more to serve us than its members
would care to believe, but it is still a clan to fear. Its members'
constant snooping helps keep the other clans in line, even if
it does occasionally hurt us. The older members know the
ancient stories, and they are the ones to fear. The very eldest
seek those things our ancestors hid away, and their deep,
dank tunnels are safe for no vampire.

RAVNOS

Pawns one and all, these vampires delight in nothing

more than destroying everything that can provide a sense of
community. The only good it can do is to provide a rallying
point around which we can gather the other clans for one goal
— its destruction.

SALUBRI

What a tragic history. [t is so sad what happened to these
poor vampires. Too bad there aren't any more around so we
can make it up to them. (If yousee one, tella Tremere and put
him in debt to you.)

TOREADOR

Far craftier than they let on, the Toreador present an
ingenuous facade; in fact, many of its members are almost as
capable at business and politics as we are. Individual members
are trustworthy and follow the laws of prestation, but the clan
asa whole must be watched. It will change sides ata moment's
notice and still come out smelling like its flowery emblem.

TREMERE

The biggest organization of pretenders in existence, and
a constant pain in the neck as well. As long as no one else
trusts them, we can ensure that they can never usurp us.
Needless to say, we have played a key role in spreading the
stories of their double-dealings and betrayals. While they
remain subservient to us they are useful, but the Secret
Masters have been at work here.

d
=
o
;

it

Welt

thi'

~

Chapter Three: Traditions of the Ventrue

34

Clanbook: Ventrue

COTERIES

Between the Ventrue's mistrust of the other clans
and the tightly knit nature of the clan itself, one might
wonder why they associate with other Kindred. The
Ventrue themselves, however, realize just how necessary
these alliances are.

The Ventrue understand that they need other vam-

pires. They cannot do everything themselves. Young
Ventrue especially need the aid of other vampires be-

cause they can accomplish almost nothing on their own.
The elders seem to have already taken hold of everything
worth controlling, and young Ventrue often find them-
selves forced to oppose their elders in order to do anything.

Young Ventrue find that other neonates share many
ideas with them, ideas that are completely alien to their
sire. If a Ventrue seeks to make his mark in politics,
getting the support of a rising Toreador Artiste can be
invaluable. Brujah make very effective allies when the
Ventrue's businesses run into labor problems. Even a
Tremere rival can play a critical role in advancing a
Ventrue's status in undead society itself.

PRINCES

We hold most of these positions, and there is no better
place from which to watch and prepare. Let those with
neither conscience nor heart hide their heads. Let them

scream that we are fools or lightning rods. We have our
responsibilities and our duties, and we will fulfill them.

ANARCHS

Speaking of screamers... The more freedoms these pup-
pets demand, the more they would take away from anybody
else. All their complaints must be taken with a barrel of salt,
for these poor, deluded fools have no idea what is really going
on in the world. Those who believe themselves the most free
are the biggest dupes.

FAERIES
These odd creatures truly exist, and we have occasion-
ally worked with them. They have their own understanding
about the universe, and while no vampire should try to
comprehend it, we can appreciate it all the same. Treat them
courteously, seek to work with them, and always keep an
escape route open.

Some Ventrue believe there is far more to these tragic
wraiths than we have believed. Older vampires say dead souls
have not been this active since the Middle Ages. Still, we
have had little to do with them, and this is the way we should
keep things.

LUPINES

They are among the greatest tools of the Secret Masters.
These beasts have no will of their own and exist only todo the
bidding of powerful spirits. They would do anything to bring
us down, for their masters know we would do anything to
block them. Do not expect quarter from a werewolf and do
not give one any. Our Presence powers are often enough to
send the beasts howling in fear.

The Secret Masters manipulate the mages just as they do
the Lupines, but some mages remain free. If you need allies
among the mages, look to those who deal with science, but do
not trust them. Even those mages who are not controlled
from afar can be trusted only as long as you can keep them
looking at someone else. As soon as their hungry eyes turn to
you, Dominate them or run.

GOLCONDA

There is such a state, but it is a tenuous and ephemeral
one at best. Attaining it provides a momentary respite from
the demands of our existence, but losing it proves extremely
traumatic. Because it cannot be held, one is better off never
seeking it than finding it and subsequently losing it.

Tay hecarep x08 pray trdeturvaye bagi
yaw Ois ebigeou coin apt yuatec Loipavit

Chapter Three: Traditions of the Ventrue 35

0

=


CHAPTER FOUR:
VENTRUE
TEMPLATES

He was the mildest manner'd man

That ever scuttled ship or cut a throat,

With such true breeding of a gentleman,
You could never divine his real thought.
— Lord Byron, Don Juan

While the Ventrue have Embraced mortals from a wide
variety of backgrounds, most members of the clan have a number
of similarities. First of all, Ventrue tend to choose mature mortals
who have had some time to develop the skills the clan seeks.
Second, sires usually look for mortals who are more stable than
those targeted by other clans. Finally, Ventrue take special care to
ensure that their neonates do nothing to embarrass them, and they
choose their childer with this in mind.

Feel free to tamper with the numbers, Natures, Demeanors,
etc., to make these characters fit your needs. These templates may
also guide you in creating your own characters. The best charac-
ters, however, are those you design and develop from scratch.

Some of the Natures and Demeanors used in these templates
are taken from The Vampire Players Guide.


ANARCH
WANNABE

Quote: The Brujah make some good points. You just don't
want to understand them.

Prelude: You've had to put up with other people's
expectations your whole life. Your parents read Shakespeare
to you while you were in the womb, put you in a prestigious
preschool when you turned two, and nagged you ever since.
While thoughts of rebellion stir in many adolescent chil-
dren, yours began when you were five, by which point you
had already learned two instruments and two languages
(you disappointed your parents by not learning a third
until you were seven).

No matter how much you dreamed of freedom
from their pushing and prodding, you did nothing
to oppose them. Instead, you dutifully fulfilled
their expectations, graduating with high honors
from..Yale, becoming a success in business and
achieving all the dreams they were living through
you.

Obviously, your Embrace altered all this.
Changed because your sire believed you the epitome
of the Ventrue type, you found yourself suddenly and
completely free of your parents' control. Not even
vampires can force you to revert to your hated
existence you hope.

Concept: If you wanted to, you could be the
perfect childe — but you don't want to. You want
to be rid of all the restrictions and demands others
impose on you. Still, you realize you owe some-
thing to your sire and clan, and the pull between
them and the anarchs is getting worse.

Roleplaying Tips: While you would like
to cast responsibility to the winds, you know you
cannot. Instead, you hope to shoulder only the kind
of responsibilities you want, and have become very
careful about your promises. You don't want to be every-
thing to everybody. You only want to be yourself.

Equipment: Torn but clean denim-and-leather out-
fit, brass knuckles (never used), BMW

38 Clanbook: Ventrue

it eae

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
Namie: Natare: ReReEL Sire: i.
|i] Player: Demeanor: Bow Vivant Generation: | 2"
* |
| Chronicle: — _ Concept: Avarc\Janurbe Haven: |
Physical Social
Strength_______eeoo0000 Charisma_____eee00000 ae icicle
Dexterity______@@000000 Manipulation___eeoo0000 _Intelligence @e@e@0000
Stamina____—=—@@®000000 ~—_ Appearance eee00000)—| CWWits__— 00000
iON: ities TOO
ee
Talents Knowledge
Acting______00000000 Sind okewaees Bureaucracy___@@000000
Alertness___ ~~ 00000000 + Drive________ @e000000 + Computer___ e0 000000
Athletics___ = @o0000000 _ ~=—Etiquette______ee@eeoo000  Finance________—eee00000
Brawl________@o0000000 __ Firearms______@0000000 _Investigation____ee000000
Dodge 0000000) =«=—Melee___=—=—»70000000 =Law______ e0000000
Empathy____ 090000000 Music________ 90000000 __Linguistics___@@000000
Intimidation____o0000000 + Repair___.- ~90000000 Medicine____ 90 000000
Leadership_____@@000000 = Security_______eo0000000 Occult_____——_—»/7 000000
Streetwise_______ 00000000 = Stealth_______so0000000 Politics. @e0 00000
Subterfuge____ 00000000 = Survival_______00000000 _— Science_____ 00000000
Sins) eee 49 O a
SSS —a—= Advantages
Disciplines Backgrounds _ Virtues
Dominate___eo000000 G.aetAcis 98000000 Conscience_____eeee0
Fortitude _seooo00e ENERATI @0000000
resence @0000000 ae
__ 0000000 CES ee0000c0 Self Control____eeeoo
00000000 —_____00000000
00000000 _______00000000
00000000 _________ 00000000 Courage eeceo

SS ———————_—_—_—_—__—_—__ __ SSS IO

~e—= Other Traits —~—— Humanity——-- —— >» Health

oooo0000 898808888 S00 Bruised oO
OO0000000 Hort Al oO
00000000 = Willpower ——~— Injured 410
ccoocoon OOOO CCE00 Wounded 2 0
ooooo00g COOOOOOOOO Mauled 2 0
00000000 Crippled 5 O
oooco0g | Blood Pool —-—— —_——
cooooooe0 QOOOOOOO00 ~~ — Weaksess —-—
oooooco0 QOOOOOOOBO PREY EXCLUSION

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1) i

evr Tt rt rir ri ry


BORN LEADER

Quote: That's a good plan, but here's what we're gonna do...
Prelude: Asa mortal, you had a hard time getting done what needed
to be done. You knew the correct ways to do things and could usually
ie" get people to do them, but not always. There were always those
who couldn't see the necessity of doing things your way, and they
would often become recalcitrant, blocking you at every turn.

| a Now that you are a vampire, you have little problem
es convincing mortals to follow your lead. It's other Kindred who
are the problems. Brujah, Gangrel, Malkavian, Tremere — it
makes no difference. They need you even more than the mortals
did, and until they realize it, you will continue to lead them
whether they like it or not.

Concept: You were Embraced for your natural ability to
sway people to your side and convince them to follow your lead.
No matter what you did as a mortal, you managed to attract
others to your cause. The same holds true as a vampire. The
only problem is that now your enemies are often more powerful
than you and your allies combined.

Roleplaying Tips: Used to being the center of attention,
you do not take kindly to being overshadowed. While this
means other neonates may find you overbearing, you find
elders to be even moreso. Thus, anarchs and other alienated

Kindred may be more willing to work with you than other
Ventrue are. You have common enemies.
Equipment: White suit, dark sunglasses, colorful tie, Lin-

coln Town Car, Glock-17


ttt Sontryptit. 7

SSS er 40 OS

~e——Other Traits——=— — <——— Hamanity————- 3) >> Health

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade™
Name: Nature:A RCHITECT Sire: a
Player: Demeanor:) \eEcroR Generation: | 5
Chronicle: Concept: [Sonn LEADER Haven:
Physical Social
Strength_______@@o000000 Charisma______eeeeeooo  Perception____ ee@00000
Dexterity______@@000000 Manipulation___ee@eo0000 _Intelligence @@000000 |}
Stamina___ == @@000000 = Appearance. ee000000 Wits____——— e@e00000 |}
ST EEE A sue —L—L——SSSSEEE OHO
A. =< ee
Talents Knowledge
Acting_____@@000000 ge aroma Bureaucracy. @@000000 |}
Alertness______@0000000 Drive_____§__ 0000000 Computer. 00000000 |}
| Athletics______oo000000 _— Etiquette______@0000000 _ Finance______o0000000 |}
Brawl @o0000000 _~—‘~‘Firearms______@e@000000 _Investigation. @0e00000 ||
Dodge 970000000) «= Melke__§§=+___o0000000 Llaw_______eo0000000
Empathy @e@o00000 = Music________ 90000000 __Linguistics @0000000 |}
Intimidation____@@oo0000 Repair. ~~ 00000000 8 Medicine___) 0000000
Leadership. e@ee0c000)3=s- Security______eo000000 Occult____—s.90000000
Streetwise______ 00000000 _~—‘Stealth___§___—~— 90000000 —s~Podlitics____————@e 000000
Subterfuge_____ee@oo0000 Survival ~90000000 = =Science_____ 90000000 |f
a ——Advantages
Disciplines Backgrounds _ Virtues |
Dominate___eoocccco ALLIES e0000000 + Conscience_____eeeoo ||
portitude:_nogseage ONTACTS @0000000 |
resence__@@@00000 is @@000000 ;
00000000 ee poo Self-Control___eeeeo
00000000 3 _@8@000000 |
oooco0000)§=6§STATUS #0000000
¢ Jourage, |
00000000 ___________00000000 enon fl
|
coc00000  @ @ O08 CCBC00 Bruised oO |
00000000 Hurt 10
00000000 ~s=— Willpower ——~— iid 4 O
00000000 oO |
o0000000 @eeeeeeeododod Wounded 2
sot |i] oe | mw | | Maid 20 |
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000) Bigg Pool —"— Incapacitated OF |
00000000 We |
ooooo000 QO OOOOOO000 cakness |
coooo000) = FU OOOOOoOoOoO PREY EXCLUSION i

t Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1) Sj

| | | | | | | |

CAPO

Quote: You think we got a problem? (sound of cracking bone)
I don't think we got a problem.

Prelude: To you, it was never the family. It was your family.
You were born into it, grew up a part of it and never wanted any
other kind. A made man by the time you were 18, you moved
quickly through the ranks and learned every part of the busi-
ness. You graduated early from the low-level stuff (robberies,
safecracking and legbreaking), and in no time at all you
were learning the finer aspects of smuggling,
gambling and all types of money-launder-
ing.

You thought your career had
hit its peak when your uncle met
with an "accident" and the fam-
ily chose you to take his place in
the hierarchy. This was when
you discovered the true power
behind the family. The real boss
didn't mind that you had killed
your uncle; in fact, he rather
liked that. First he made you his
ghoul; later, he made you his
childe. Now you have a whole
new family.

Concept: While your con-
nections and abilities made you
an appropriate choice to become
a Ventrue, it was your cold-
hearted brutality that attracted
the clan's attention. You can
and willdo anything to advance
yourself and the clan — even if
this means opposing clan elders.

Roleplaying Tips: In private
you are ruthless and cunning. In
public you are the heart of civility.
Nobody should consider himself
yourenemy. Those whom you most
hate are the ones you want to fancy
themselves your friends.

Equipment: Pinstripe suit, wing
tips, 45 automatic, bulletproof vest,
Cadillac

42 Clanbook: Ventrue

tt Yontrig tit. /

x VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
| Namie: Natare:C ower Sire: th
| Player: Demeanor: [}RAV0 Generation: | |
Chronicle: Concept:Caro Haven:
| Physical Social Mental
1 . :
| Strength_______eeeoooco Charisma_____ee@eoooco Perception @®000000
| Dexterity_______@@@00000 Manipulation ___e@e@o0000 _Intelligence. @@000000
Stamina_______@@@@0000 Appearance. ee000c0c00§3 ~Wits i 0000
88 I —E—>E—E>EEEEE egege 10S
_—<_ ee
Talents Knowledge
Acting___00000000 sane Bureaucracy. @0000000 |}
Alertness_____ @0000000 Drive____§_——®e000000 = Computer____ 00000000 |}
Athletics ©0000000  Etiquette___—— 90000000 _ ~—— Finance____ 990000000 |}
Brawl___ = @e@eoo000 = _—"SFirearms______@@000000 _Investigation, @0000000 |}
Dodge @@000000 8 Melee___§_____@eoo0000 Law____—_—eo000000 |}
Empathy ___ 990000000 Music___.__§_90000000 _Linguistics. @0000000
Intimidation____e@eeoo000 Repair____»0000000 Medicine 0000000 |
Leadership. @0000000_ _ Security_____@eo000000 Occult___—)~0 000000 |}
Streetwise_____@@o00000_——‘Stealth____§__—_@eo00000 _ ~=—s«~Podllitics__-_——— 70000000 |}
Subterfuge. e@000000-~—=_ Survival 90000000 = Sciencre__ 90000000 |}
SSE Advantages |
Disciplines Backgrounds . |
1] Dominate___e0000000 LLIES @0000000 Conscienn  Soooo
| Portifude___ssa0000¢ EeNIACTS __se000000
| resence e0000000 §=§FAME #0000000
00000000 «INFLUENCE eo000000 Self Control____eeeeo
00000000) «=69RESOURCES _ee000000
00000000 ________00000000
00000000 _________~070000000 Courage sesso

———————— ee to OS |

|
|
|
~=—= Other Traits——- = Humanity —-__ --——— Healt
|

, Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1) <9

ee ——— ————— — <_[{_z{z_z —E>—————_————————— fe

r - oF beFoseoseoe.eoeooreioeéio |

co0000000 @S@eeeeeoadod Bruised oO
00000000 Hurt 10
00000000 e——= Willpower ———— . 410
rm oetoooen OOOO COC00D Wounded 2 O
i} p9000000 COOOOOOOOO0 Mauld 2 O
—————— 00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Incapacitated O
00000000 Blood Pool .
coooooen0 OOOOOOOO00 ~~ — Weakness —-—
eooooo00 FFM OOOOOOOO PREY EXCLUSION

44

CORPORATE
EXECUTIVE

Quote: Buy 'em or break 'em.

Prelude: You were born on the fast track to success, and by the time
you got your M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School, you knew it ;
wouldn't be long before you finished climbing the ladder. CEO was your

goal, and it got closer and closer with every deal, decision and promo-

tion. |

You had the brains and the talent, but you also had help. Not
that you knew that. In fact, you didn't even know your Mentor
until the Embrace. He visited you one night after you had put the
finishing touches on an especially lucrative merger. Then he
made an offer of his own. You've regretted it somewhat, for it
means you will never get the recognition you wanted, but you
have found plenty of other rewards to make up for that.
Concept: As a part of Clan Ventrue, you know that the
combined strength of its members is incredible. The same is
true of the Camarilla and all the undead. The constant clan
and sect wars are not only destructive, they're stupid. If you

}

could only unite these diverse elements, there is nothing
you could not do.

Roleplaying Tips: You can be smoother than silk,

willing to say or do almost anything to get what you want.

You can also be harder than iron, and those who cross you
once don't do it again.

Equipment: Expensive Italian business dress,
Porsche, cellular phone, midtown condo, portable com-
puter, portable fax machine

Lt Benteyy—ttt..

cert) a |

--—— Other Traits———- > Humanity——- —— -~——— Health ———-

" VAMPIRE: The Masquerade™
Name: Nature: \/:siowAey Sire: 4.
| Player: Demeanor: Avroceat Generation: | |
|| Chronicle: Concept: Corporate Exec Haven:
ee
Physical Social
Strenghh_______@@o000000 Charisma______eeo00000 Perception" "eee00000 |
Dexterity______@@000000 Manipulation___ee@eoo000 _ Intelligence @@@00000 |]
Stamina_______ @@000000 = Appearance. @ee00000 = Wits________eeeeococoo |}
|
SO EEE Abilities —__>= wwe
ea eS ee
Talents Knowledge
Acting 0000000 kbies  swen08es Bureaucracy___@@®000000
Alertness @@000000_ ~—— Drive @0000000- Computer____@0000000
Athletics CO0000000 Etiquette. ®®@00000 Finance. —®@@00000 Jj}
Brawl 07000000 Firearms____ 0000000 Investigation__ @@000000 |
Dodge_________@0000000 Meke_______oooo0000  Law_______eo000000 |}
Empathy. _@@000000 Music 90000000 __sLinguistics. __@0000000 ||
Intimidation____eoo000000 Repair__t._._...00000000 = Medicine___ od 0000000
Leadership_____eeoooo000  Security______®o0000000 Occult 00000000 |}
Streetwise_______ 00000000 = Stealth____=_o0000000 ‘Politics____eeo000000 |
Subterfuge______@o000000 Survival______o00000000 = Science____oo0000000 |}
SS —Altvantages
Disciplines Backgrounds _ Virtues
Dominate___ee000000 Contacts ee000000 Conscience______eeeeo ||
portierds 00000000 NERATION @@000000
resence___ e0000000 HERD  __ee000000
00000000 INFLUENCE e0000000 =—-Self-Control___eeeeo
00000000 NTOR, @@000000 |
00000000 0 @@@@0000
00000000 STATUS @0000000 Courage @ee00 |
coo00000 8 OSG eGeee edd Bruised Oo
00000000 Hurt 41a
00000000 we Willpower Injured dl oO H
00000000 Wi o
obo00p00 @eeeeeeseoodod founded -2
adpaoseo JOUDODDEHNOG Mauld 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
; o
00000000 --=— Blood Pool —-— Incapecitated |
cooooooe QOOOOOOOO0 ~— Weakmess —-— |f
cooooocv0 FY OOOOOOoOoO PREY EXCLUSION

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1) f

COUNSELOR mild

Quote: | understand your problem. What would you like to
see happen now?

Asachild, you discovered that the best way to get people
to like you was to keep quiet, listen, and then tell them what
they wanted to hear. You even contemplated becoming a
psychiatrist. Instead of medical school, however, you chose
law school, and have never regretted the decision.

Indeed, you so impressed one of your clients that she
decided to keep your counsel for all eternity. At first you
feared that the other Kindred would see through your act.
Now you realize that they like having their egos
stroked even more than mortals do. You are
everyone's best friend, and sometimes you
even offer useful advice.

Concept: Those vampires
who know you only by reputa-
tion believe you to be a
weasely, conniving manipu-
lator. Those who have met
you find you comforting,
warm and even inspiring.
Neither group has a clue.

Roleplaying Tips: Be
friendly and attentive at all
times. Just remember, though,
that the one you really care about
is you.

Equipment: Dinner jacket, ex-
pensive and tasteful jewelry, Saab
Turbo

46 Clanbook: Ventrue

tt Yonfryjeit.

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade™
Namie: Nature: Coweipant Sire: a

| Player: Demeanor: Meni AToR. Generation: | 5 |
| Chronicle: Concept: C ounSeLoe Haven: |
SEE Attributes ICO
Physical Social Mental
Strength________@0000000 Charisma_____eeeeoocoo Perception_____ eee00000 |}
| Dexterity______e@e00000 Manipulation___e@eooo0o _ Intelligence @@e@00000 |}
|| Stamina_______e@@000000 = Appearance. @e@e00000 «=Wits_____eeeoo0000 |}
<0 ss SSS Ah iii es — === ||
a i.e
Talents Knowledge H
Acting ___ @@000000 sepsis eexnnrene Bureaucracy___@@000000 |}
Alertness______eeeoccco Driv... 0000000 Computer. 00000000
Athletics____ 00000000 — Etiquette______@@000000 __ Finance____@0000000 |}
Brawl === 990000000 _~—‘Firearms_______00000000 _Investigation____@@000000 |}
Dodge________@eo0000000 Melee_______0o0000000 _ Law________eooooo00 |}

Empathy__———s @e@o00000 = Music__ 0000000 __Linguistics @0000000
Intimidation____o00000000 + Repair___.._90000000_ Medicine___ 00000000 |}
Leadership______@o0000000 Security_____§__®0000000 Occult______—_—.9/7/.000000 |
Streetwise_______@o0000000 _ Stealth______-_00000000 _—Politics_______eeoo0000 |}
|

~~ ——X<*_—EeE>q=*_=aSSSSSSSS

SSS Advantages SSS Sn "
Disciplines Backgrounds _ Virtues

Dominate___ee000000 Aves." seosuous Conscience______eeecee

Fortitude 90000000 HERD ee000000
Presence____ e0 000000 seeks 0000000 gi
00000000 @0000000 Control___eeeoco
00000000 OF anette
00000000 ________00000000
00000000 ~WW___00000000 Courage @8000

a a TS

—-—Other Traits —-— -~—— Humanity —~-  —-——— Health

= Survival 90000000 _— Science_______ 00000000
|

ocoo00000 89 O8C8888S8BBO Bruised oO
00000000 Hurt 40

00000000 == Willpower —="— : oO |
sooooooe 0 00000000 Wounded 2 O |
sosesces . @UOOOBOOAo Mald 2 0
00000000 Crippled 45 5 |
00000000 Incapacitated
00000000 Blood Pool . a |
cooooo00 QO OOOOOO00 eakness |
ooococ00 FIMO OOOOO0OO PREY EXCLUSION

{ Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1) Sj

Quote: I'll worry about that tomorrow night.

Prelude: Born into a rich family, sure of your place in the grand
scheme of things, you were all set to enjoy a life of comfort and
pleasure. Naturally talented, if not atall ambitious, you easily acquired
the abilities you felt you would enjoy, and single-mindedly avoided
those that seemed the least bit unpleasant.

You became a fixture at all the best parties and impressed everyone
with your wit, sophistication and flair. You impressed one partygoer
too much, however, and he Embraced you, finding you the perfect
addition to Clan Ventrue. He was right. You immediately
adapted to your new unlifestyle and have never regretted the
change. You must occasionally deal with the kind of individuals
you once would have spurned, but even they can be made to
revere you.

Concept: The Ventrue clan is not just about power. Power
is nothing without the grace and gentility necessary to use it
properly. You represent this part of the clan — the part that throws
the finest parties, keeps the best company and leads by example.

Roleplaying Tips: People should not feel inferior around you
because you act superior, but because they are inferior. You are not
condescending, but those around you should know that they cannot
live up to your standards. The fact that you associate with them despite
this fact should impress them even more.

Equipment: Evening gown, expensive jewelry, Lamborghini

48 Clanbook: Ventrue


Ltt Yontrgtit. 7

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade™
| Nature: Gaccant Sire: a
|| Player: Demeanor: Dig Ector Generation: 9
Chronicle: Concept: | ovee OF UntiFe Haven:
ee ee
Physical Social |
Strength_______eeoooc000 Charisma @@@00000 fmsaptin —
|| Dexterity. @@@00000 = = Manipulation___e@eeo0000 _ Intelligence @e@000000 ||
|| Stamina____——@e@00000 —— Appearance eeee0000)=s-: Wits____eeo00000 |}
———_— —————= Abilities >> ET ||

Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting -@e@e@00000)=—= Animal Ken___900000000 __ Bureaucracy. 00000000
Alertness, @0000000_ = Driv_______@@000000 Computer_____eo0000000 |}
Athletics, @@000000_—_ Etiquette______@@e00000 _ Finance 00000000 Jj}
i] Brawl__ SS 0;0;cC000 —~‘Firearms____.__@0000000 _Investigation. @0000000 |}
Dodge 0000000) «= Meke_______oo0000000 Law 00000000
Empathy. @e000000 = Music__— @ee00000 _sLinguistics @@000000
Intimidation ooo00000 = Repair__.._00000000 _ Medicine. 00000000
Leadership_____eeoooo00 Security______00000000 Occult @0000000
Streetwise 00000000 -~—_ Stealth_______ooooo0000 Politics, @0000000
Subterfuge e@e@ooo0000 Survival_______00000000 Science. 00000000
CS SS —Advantages ——————SS
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Dominate___eeccc000 +4GENERATION eeeeccco Conscience @0000
Fortitude___ 00000000 Ee @@000000
e0cc0c00)=— MENTOR @@000000
00000000 @@8@0000 Self-Control, @ee00
00000000 @@000000
00000000 Sci en
00000000 _______ 700000000 Courage. eee00

SS ————EEEEEEE—_—_—_—_—_____ too

~e—<Other Traits > Humanity" —— > Health ———

co000000 8@O@SeBBBBO0D0 Rained oO
00000000 Hast 40
00000000 === Willpower ——— Inj io
coooonnn 68 OOO C0000 Wounded 2 O
soocoss - "HORDOOAOO Makd 2 0
00000000 Crippled 5 =
00000000 2 Incapacitated

00000000 Blood Pool i |
coooooon OOOOO00000 ~~ — Weakmess—-— |
cooooooo0 QOOQOOO0000 PREY EXCLUSION

, Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Bokgeonte 5 Virtues: 7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1) i


MILITARY MAN

Quote: I love the smell of napalm in the evening.

Prelude: Your earliest memories include watching the parades as the
veterans of the Korean War came marching home. You remembered the
pageantry, the excitement, the honors and, most of all, the respect they were
given. For you, being sent to military school was not a punishment but a
privilege. You did everything you could to ensure an appointment to West

Point and, upon graduation, gladly took the field as a second lieutenant
in Vietnam.

Sure, a lot of people, including many of your own
men, opposed the war. It really didn't matter to you.
Whether the war was right or not was inconsequen-
tial. You were nowa soldier, and this was what you
had wanted to do all your life. You served
proudly, and even the most disenchanted men
had to admit that serving under you was at
least bearable.

Your career did not end in Vietnam.
Laos, Cambodia, and other distant shores
soon followed. You were an advisor in
South America, Afghanistan, Thai-
landandother places. Your last active
service was in Grenada, where you
led soldiers into combat for the
last time. After all, there is an-
other war to fight — a war that
has been waged for millennia.
The Ventrue need their own
soldiers, and now you are one of
them.
Concept: You serve the Ventrue
in a number of ways. First of all, you know
all the tricks of leadership, and your elders
hope to groom you for greater and greater posi-
tions of responsibility. Second, you are an expert
tactician, strategist and modern warrior. Finally, you have
that rare ability to turn the most disparate elements into
a working unit, ready and able to coordinate as a team.

Roleplaying Tips: A man of action, you have lost
none of your decisiveness since becoming a vampire.
Additionally, you try to be fair in all things, and listen

to anyone with something to offer or with whom you

must work. You will do everything you can to keep

everyone willingly working together; should that fail,

however, you will gladly turn to brute force to achieve
your goals.

Equipment: Military dress uniform, heavy pis-

\ tol, assault rifle, wooden bayonet, flak jacket,

i civilian jeep with military radio
{i

Bonteuytit. /

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade™

Name: Nature: Ditector Sire:

Player: Demeanor: Director Generation: | |"

Chronicle: Concept: MiLitary Man — Haven:
Physical Social
i] Strength___ ss @@e@00000 8=—_— Charisma____ eee00000 Pe csi @@000000 |}
| Dexterity______ee@e00000 Manipulation___e@eo0000 _Intelligence @@000000 |}

Stamina_______@@@@0000 Appearance @@000000 =Wits___ 000000 ||

|
Coe
Talents Knowledge

Acting __ 00000000 Aihdite noneeben Bureaucracy___00000000

Alertness______@@000000 Drive__..__@eeo0000 = Computer. @0000000

Athletics_______ 90000000 _—_ Etiquette_______90000000 —— Finance____ 90000000 |

Brawl_____———@@oo0000 ~~‘ Firearms____@@@00000 _Investigation, @@0@00000

Dodge @ 0000000 = Meke________®0000000  Law_ ___00000000 |

Empathy______o00000000 Music__mm0_§__§_00000000 _Linguistics. @@0@00000 |}

Intimidation 00000000 —Repair___§§§_ 90000000 + Medicine______— ee 000000 |}

Leadership_______ @@oo00000 = Security______00000000 Occult_______—s»70 000000

Streetwise___ = o0000000 _ = Stealth_____— @eoo00000 _~3Os Politics__—— #0 000000

Subterfuge. ccoccc00 = Survival___—— 90000000 _— Science___ 90000000

SSS Advantages
Disciplines Backgrounds .

Dominate___00000000 ALES ~~ e0000000 Conscience Sec00

Fortitude___eseoooc0e ConTACTs _ee000000

resence ____—-@0 000000 4 @@000000 |

—_______ 900000000 fee eee Self-Control___eeeoo i

90000000 =‘"QTATUS _e0000000
00000000 —______00000000
Courage 60000

00000000 ———__.00000000

—~—= Other Traits——- — --—— Humanity——<- —) ~~ Health ———~—

oo000000 8@@Se@SBBBODdDO Bruised oO
00000000 Hurt 40
00000000 = =s— Willpower 5 io |
coooo00 ee eee eeee0 Wounded 2 O |
cooooonn COOOOOOD00 Mauled 20
00000000 Crippled 5 =
00000000

00000000 »——= Biood Pool ——~— 2
cooooo00 CQ(OOODOOOOO00

ccooooo0 QE OOOOOoo0g PREY EXCLUSION

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1) Sj

T | ft borer tot) 6) he

OPERATIVE

Quote: Nothing gets 'em talking like a few quick jolts with 40,000
watts.

Prelude: Your career in government service began with the little
stuff — electronic surveillance, smear campaigns and other black-bag
work. You impressed your superiors with your hard work, dedication

and, most of all, your utter lack of scruples. They continued giving
you more and more important jobs, and you kept succeeding. Your
goal was to become part of the inner cabal that runs the
rmment and employs people like yourself.
One night your wish came true. The only
trouble was that the inner cabal did not
include the people you thought it did.
Indeed, the inner cabal did not include
any "people" at all. The Ventrue put
your skills to work at once, and you've
been gathering information and pull-
ing off jobs just like before. You've also
started gathering choice tidbits on your
masters, just like before...

Concept: CIA, NSA, DIA,
CAT...it just doesn't matter. They
all report to the same folks, and these
folks live beyond presidential admin-

istrations. In fact, they live beyond

presidents. In fact, they don't live at
all. Now you're one of these guys,
only once again you're at the bot-
tom. You have no intention of
staying there for long.
Roleplaying Tips: Your success
as a mortal derived from the fact that
no one suspected you. Now everyone
does, and you can either try to counter-
act that paranoia or use it to your own
advantage. Either way, you know you
have interesting times ahead of you.
Equipment: Rumpled gray suit,
overcoat, .38 Special, nondescript
American-made car, electronic eaves-
dropping equipment, gas pen, various
untested but potentially useful chemicals


it BenttyeLi

00000000 00000000

~e——= (Other Traits——<- 9 <—-—— Humanity ——<- ——— Health

ocoo00000 @@SSeSBBeSO0000O Bruised oO
00000000 4 oO
00000000 === Willpower —~— Hur . io
sooo ooon  @ 0 00008000 Wounded 2 0
wena LILI Mauled 20
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Incapacitated Oo

Spee meyer
soounoad Blood Pool

coooooond QOOOO00000 ~— Weakness
00000000 oOoOoOooOoOoOoOoOoO PREY EXCLUSION

| Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (715 (2/1) <j

|, ewe ——————— - —AF :

| | | | | | | | | |

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
: Nature: ConniveR Sire: a
Player: Demeanor:|_ouER aga IQ |
| Chronicle: Concept: OPERATIVE
4]
—————Attribates —ereO |
| Physical Social
Strength_______eeeoocco  Charisma_____ e0000000 ane =
Dexterity. @@00@000 = Manipulation, @@e00000 _Intelligence @@000000
| Stamina_______@@000000 Appearance e@0000000 Wits —— eee00000 |}
sis ss) . SS
a? oe
Talents Knowledge |
Acting 0000000 po ee Bureaucracy. 00000000 |
Alertness_______@@000000 + Drive______ #0000000 Computer. 00000000
Athletics 00000000 Etiquette__ = 90000000 ‘— Finance____00000000
Brawl_________e@eooo000 —‘Firearms______®@000000 _Investigation. @@@00000
Dodge 0000000 «= Melee___—— 90000000 =Law_______eo0000000 }}
Empathy__—— @7o0000000 = Mussic___————— 0000000 _Linguistics. @@000000 |}
Intimidation____@eo000000 + Repair___..... 90000000 Medicine__ 0000000
Leadership, 00000000_—Security_______ @0000000 Occult________—9 70000000
Streetwise______eo0000000_ Stealth___mtmnmeeoooo0o  Politics______eeo00000 |}
Subterfuge. ee@e00000)3=s Survival_______00000000 = Science____00000000 |f
}
ia SS SSeS 00
= Advantages
Disciplines Backgrounds _ Virtues
Dominate___eee00000 Contacts" eeeo0000 Conscience___ e000
eoriade e00c0000)§=— GENERATION _@0000000
resence 00000000 NELU @@000000
00000000 RESOURCES eeoo0000 Self-Control___eeeee
00000000 _________00000000 |
00000000, —__________00000000
Courage. eece0


UNION BOSS

Quote: In numbers there is strength.

Prelude: An idealistic flame burned in your heart when
you were young, but you found bringing justice to the
working class rougher than you expected. The corporate
powers had their muscle, and you had to make deals to get
your own bruisers — deals that returned to haunt you. For
years you managed to accommodate both the union and the
mob, but as time went on, it became harder and harder. Then
you discovered who really ran the Mafia.

You cut a deal with high government officials, promis-
ing to tell all you knew about organized crime, and
you made a similar arrangement with members
the FBI's Special Affairs Division. Before
you could talk, however, a car pulled up to
you one night as you left a diner. Its myste-
rious occupant ordered you to get in, and
from then on you have served the undead.

Concept: You were too dangerous to
let live and too valuable to destroy, so a
powerful Ventrue Embraced you and forced
you to serve her. Now she feels that the days
of the union are numbered and has let you
go your own way. You know better, how-
ever, and nurtured your mortal contacts
during the years you served her. Now you are
ready to make the world the kind of place you
want it to be.

Roleplaying Tips: Youare tough, though
you know the meaning of compromise. You
strike most people as uneducated, but you are
sharp asa whip. Additionally, you know how to
stir up a crowd and command loyalty.

Equipment: Brown suit, attaché case, bullet-
proof vest, baseball bat

54 Clanbook: Ventrue

tit Bente tit. /

—————___0 0000000 ———__900000000 <2 |

—-— Other Traits —»—— Humanity —=—_ —»——— Health ——-—

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
Nature: ARCHITECT Sire:
| Player: Demeanor:D irEcToR esate
|] Chronicle: Concept:(_s1015 Boss
| tributes ——se | |
Physical Social
| Strength______eeeoooco  Charisma_____eeeeocoo re aca @@000000
Dexterity____ = @®0 00000 Manipulation__ e@@@@0000 Intelligence. @@000000
| Stamina________@@@00000 = Appearance, @ee000000) | «=—(WWits__ 000000
oe ——_—EEEEEEITONOS
ae
Talents Knowledge
Acting 000000 ee Bureaucracy. @@000000
Alertness______@0000000 Drive___.._-_ 0000000 Computer. 00000000
Athletics_____ 00000000 _ Etiquette______@0000000 _  Finance____ee000000
Brawl @@000000_~—s FFirearms_______00000000 __Investigation @@000000
Dodge @@000000 = Melkee___==— @eo00000 =Law________e0000000
Empathy______ee@oo00000 Music__.___§_§_00000000 __£Linguistics @0000000 |}
| Intimidation____e@e@000000 + Repair________ 90000000 _ ‘Medicine. 00000000 |}
Leadership _@@000000-—_ Security____§=§=_@o0000000 Occult_______—_—. 7000000
Streetwise____ @0000000 _ = Stealth______§_0o0000000 Politis___-_———@7.0 000000
Subterfuge ss ® 0000000 Survival 0000000 Science__ 0000000
<8 —E—E—E—>—>>—>——E—E—EE——E eer
SSS —= Advantages |
Disciplines Backgrounds .
Dominate___eeocc000 §=©@ConTACTS —__ee000000 ee a
Herdaide e@0000000 «=O EAME #0000000 |
resence___ @0000000 {0N_@0000000
__ 0000000 ee Self-Control__eeeoo
00000000 ________00000000 |
00000000 ~_________00000000
Courage @ee0eo |i
ooo00000 898 8Ceeeee00 Bruised oO
00000000 Hurt 10
00000000 w= Willpower ——— Injured A oO |
00000000 oO |
coo00000 eeeeeeeodod Wounded 2 |
ssoosnnan UCHDOBODODODO Mald 2 0
00000000 Crippled 5 O
i oO
20900090 ——plood Poot— wand
coooooon OQOOOOO0000 Weakacss
eooooo0v0 FA OOOOOoOoOoO PREY EXCLUSION

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points: 15 CBP) 3

|


YOUNG TURK

Quote: Look, if we do it your way we risk losing $5,000,000 with
almost no chance of success. Now, if we do it my way...

Prelude: Politics, business, academia — they all interested you,

but only as a means to something bigger. Each field had its own

advantages and corresponding weaknesses. Each could help you rise

to power and each could hinder it. As a result, you sought to master

them all. Soon you found yourself behind the scenes, where the real

power is.

The only trouble was that you were not the only one behind

the scenes. You unwittingly stepped on the toes of a Ventrue up

to his neck in mortal manipulations. While he would normally

have squashed you like a bug for your interference, your actions

gave one of his opponents a chance to take him downanotch. This

opponent, yet another Ventrue, was not only impressed by your

ability but knew that the only way to ensure your survival was to
make you part of the clan.

Concept: The childe of an aggressive, ambitious ancilla, you
have many of the same traits and desires. You respect the power
that your elders have accumulated through the years, but believe
they are out of touch with the times. They miss opportunities,

overreact over minor setbacks and have no way to deal with a
changing society. While you would prefer to work with them,
you believe you will eventually have to walk over them.
Roleplaying Tips: Anyone you meet may someday be
important to your plans, so take great pains to avoid alienating
anyone. While your elders may not like you consorting with
Caitiff, you know you have your sire's support, so go right ahead.
Just don't be afraid to sacrifice these pawns if that's what it takes
to get the job done.
Equipment: Expensive biker outfit, lots of cash, .357
magnum, cellular phone, custom Harley-Davidson Soft Tail

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade™

ttt Monte tit.

Namie: Nature: Vis onary Sire:
Player: Demeanor: [Die EcTOR Generation: |3**
Chronicle: Concept: Younc [ueK Haven:
SSS = Attributes OOS |
Physical Social Mental |
Strength_______eeo000000 Charisma______eeeooooco Perception. @@@00000
Dexterity______@@000000 Méanipulation___e@@o000000 _Intelligence ee0e0000 |}
Stamina_______@@®000000 = Appearance. eeecc000o§3 «—~WWits__ 00000
~S 00 ss SSS A 11 o_o O=—_ |
ee |
Talents Knowledge |
Acting ___@0000000 Seen Bureaucracy @@000000 |
Alertness______@o0000000 Drive________®e000000 Computer_____eee00000 ||
Athletics 00000000 | Etiquette. @@000000 __— Finance __©@800000 |}
Brawl________eoo000000  Firearms______@@000000 _Investigation____e@@@00000 |}
Dodge________eo000000 Melee________o.o000000 Law________eoo00000 |}
Empathy______@0000000 Music______900000000 Linguistics @0000000 |}
Intimidation____@o000000 Repair__... 900000000 + Medicine___ 0000000
Leadership______@0000000 _ Security_____§=_#0000000 Occult 00000000
Streetwise___ 00000000 __ Stealth___§_§=—— .«70000000 =—s~Politices__——— 970 07700000
Subterfuge_____e@eooo0000 Survival___ 00000000 = Science____ 0 0000000 i
SSS Ativantages
Disciplines Backgrounds .
Dominate__eocco000 «ALLIES @e@000000 Conscience seeec
ae @0000000 oo
resence___®0000000 @0000000
oo000000 «=9ReS0uRCES eee00000 Self-Control___eeeoco
00000000 —__________00000000 |
00000000 ~__________00000000 |
Courage. @@e00 ||

Oo0000000 ————_90000000

—«——Other Traits——<— — —--——— Humanity——<- —— -»——— Health ————

ooo00000 8@@eSSeeB0I00 Bruised oO |
00000000 Finn 410 |
00000000 +»=—= Willpower ——-— : io |
sooooone 0 00088000 Wounded 2 O |
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Incapacitated O |
00000000 Blood Pool : ‘ |
cooooo00g DOOOOOOFOOO ~~ eakness ——~—
coooooo0 FI OOOO00OO PREY EXCLUSION :

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities: :13/9/5 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1) i

Peel ee re ee

LAO


SOME DISTINGUISHED

NVENTRUE

ceria 1 Always to be best, and to be distinguished above the rest.
— Homer, The Iliad

In the eyes of the Ventrue, all the members of their great and illustrious clan are
worthy of distinction — except for their immediate adversary. That one should be
driven from the clan and fed in small pieces to junkyard werewolves. Still, some
Ventrue have stood out for a variety of reasons, and these Blue Bloods deserve more
than the standard adulation when they enter a room. At least they feel that they do.

Most of these Ventrue have significantly increased the clan's power and prestige,
usually at the expense of other vampires or even other Ventrue. For instance, Ruud
Retief has driven a number of Ventrue from power in his efforts to bring change to
South Africa, while Anushin-Rawan has created an island sanctuary for all vampires
without alienating anyone — or so it seems.

While these may not be the most powerful Ventrue, they are the ones about
whom everyone talks. Other Blue Bloods keep avid eyes on their growth, follow their
successes, and often hope for their falls. Any of these would be willing to help another
Ventrue. They would be just as willing to throw him to the wolves if need be.


k
3
=
5
5
S
3
el
‘
s
5
4
:
:
Ni
ie

Using both ground-breaking technology and
innovative business practices, Workman man-
aged to turn a small manufacturer of computer
chips into a prestigious computer company. His
main contributions revolved around simplifying
the complex engineering features, making them
something the average user could understand.

This, of course, brought Workman into con-
flict with older Ventrue who manipulated some of
the established computer companies. What the
Ventrue discovered when they moved against him
was that their control was nowhere near so com-
plete as they believed. Indeed, despite the fact that
they were raking in money from their computer
firms, they found themselves facing seemingly unre-
lated supernatural opposition whenever they tried
to use these resources against Workman.

First they had to deal with mages who had
usurped key areas of the computer industry. Then,
to the Ventrue's complete amazement, they ran
afoul of werewolves who had an equally high stake
in this field. As the Ventrue wasted their resources
battling Technomancers, Virtual Adepts and Glass
Walkers, Workman consolidated his power.

He freed himself from the day-to-day opera-
tions of his company and began expanding his
hooks into other companies in the field. Soon his
fingers were in every part of the pie, from chip
development to hardware construction to the soft-
ware produced to support the machines. Finally,
when he believed he could survive the clan infight-
ing on his own, Workman presented his
achievements at a clan meeting in London.

None could deny that his achievements had

Stephan Workman has only come to the clan leaders'
notice in the past two decades, and at first they regarded him
with utmost suspicion. After all, anarchs and Ventrue rarely
got on, and here was Workman living near San Jose, on the
outskirts of the Anarch Free States. Not only that, but his
businesses were upsetting older, more established Ventrue
enterprises. Clan elders began to take a closer look.

Once a ghoul, Workman had served his master as a
technician, adept at all manner of electrical devices.
Workman's sire Embraced him after discovering that the
technician was as adept with corporations as he was with
devices. Workman immediately became a part of the bur-

geoning computer field, and it was here that he made his
mark,

60 Clanbook: Ventrue

brought greater prosperity to the clan; one had only
to look at the problems facing his competitors to
realize that his methods appeared the best. Younger Ventrue
point to him as an example of what progressive beliefs and
modem attitudes can do for the clan. Now, of course, Workman
has to pay the price for his success.

First of all, not all of Workman's opponents' problems were
completely coincidental. He cut deals with Virtual Adepts to
keep the older Ventrue off balance. Now they want their
payment, and Workman has had to relinquish more and more
of his facilities to them. This has brought Workman into direct
conflict with a faction of mages calling itself the New World
Order, and the vampire still has no idea of what to make of it.

Even more threatening, however, have been his recent
run-ins with supernatural beings from Asia. These Gaki have
blocked a number of his plans for expansion. Their most
recent warning came in the form of a spinal cord dangling
from a fetid, floating head, which attacked him as he awoke
one evening. Workman has striven feverishly to keep other
Venttue from learning about his problems, but he may have
to call on their aid any night now.


Retief's success has come at the direct ex-
pense of older Ventrue, and all the members of
the clan know that his nights may be numbered.
Still, the impact he has made on the clan in such
ashort time is without comparison. He has man-
aged to overthrow one of the most entrenched
directorates in the world and has replaced it with
what may be the most innovative one on Earth.

Embraced at the turn of the century during
the Boer War, Retief initially served the Ventrue
leaders of Transvaal. After they lost to the British
Ventrue and Retief's sire was destroyed, the neo-
nate was forced to switch sides. Retief's new
duties revolved around keeping the South Afri-
can mines operating at peak efficiency, and he
performed his job efficiently if without enthusi-
asm.

In fact, for the next 60 years Retief's unlife
stayed as dull as it could possibly be. Then, when
the South African directorate managed to di-
vorce itself from its British controllers, things
began to heat up. Retief became a dedicated
backer of the directorate's plans to limit blacks'
involvement in all matters, and he enforced
apartheid with vigor and devotion.

Retief established espionage cells dedicated

to instigating internecine strife among blacks,

used military units to hunt down any possible

threat, and ensured that the grossest human-

rights violations went unpunished. He also used
his rapidly growing influence to keep tabs on his immortal
tivals. Retief began to dream of the night when he would
become a member of South Africa's Board of Directors.

As the years passed, however, he began to sense the
futility of his goal. The leadership seemed set in cement, and
any change would require acomplete overhaul of the country's
social structure. As much as Retief detested what he had to
do, he found himself with no choice. Using extreme discre-
tion, he began feeding support to the black leaders.

He also began using his Allies and Retainers to unearth
the directors' weaknesses. Then, in the mid-1980s, he made
the announcement that shocked Kindred the world over. At
a Conclave in Liberia, Retief presented visual, audio and
mystical evidence that the South African Board of Directors
had made pacts with the Sabbat to encourage upheaval
throughout Southern Africa. Retief made no attempt to
explain why the Board of Directors had done this, though he
implied that it was only part of some larger, more sinister
plan.

The directors vehemently denied any involvement in
sucha plot, but it was too late. Brujah, Gangrel and Assamites
from around the world had already made their way to South
Africa, and they were quick to enforce the Conclave's
decision to strip power from the old directors. Only two of
the old directors have been seen since.

Despite promises of increased freedom, the situation in
South Africa has seen little improvement. Black-on-black
violence increases, and many note that Retief's old intelli-
gence units are as active as ever. Retief blames this on
continuing Sabbat involvement, but other Kindred warn
that the Ventrue's violent racism must still exist, though he
cloaks it under a new, more peaceful facade.

No vampire knows what will happen in South Africa
over the next few years, but Clan Ventrue has the most to
lose. Still smarting from the public way Retief made his
announcement, clan leaders have sent their own agents to the
country. The entire clan worries about what will happen to its
influence and power should it lose control of this valuable land.

Appendix: Some Distiguished Ventrue 61

For many generations Lucinde has served the Ventrue
Justicars, and she is one of the very few Archons to serve
more than one such luminary. She has always made it clear
that her loyalty is to the clan and not the individual. While
this means the Justicars do not trust her as much as they
otherwise might, clan
leaders almost always
insist that she serve as
an Archon.

Lucinde _ reas-
sumed her traditional
position when she
awoke from torpor in
1934. She had been ex-
ceptionally close to
Michaelis, who had pe-
riodically served as
Justicar and who again
filled the position.
While Ventrue leaders
knew that the two
seemed to trust one an-
other, noone knew how
close they were.

Lucinde immedi-
ately sought out her old
lover. She found
Michaelis as warm and
caring toward her as he
had ever been. He put
off her romantic ad-
vances, however, and
seemedentirely absorbed
in archaeological re-
search. Indeed, Lucinde
had no luck renewing
their old passion until
she visited the Justicar
in Egypt, where he had
just unearthed an an-
cient scroll.

Firedbyhisdiscov-
ery, he shared blood
with Lucinde on the
floor of an ancient tomb. Even as Lucinde felt the hot ecstasy
of Michaelis' blood, she knew something was incredibly
wrong. Never had Michaelis' touch been so intense. Every
stroke of his fine, pale hands caused her to writhe in
simultaneous passion and repulsion. The touch of his hot
tongue triggered warning signals even as it ignited formerly
dead nerves. By night's end, as the two prepared to sleep in
an ancient sarcophagus, Lucinde knew that something fun-
damental had changed in her lover.

62 Clanbook: Ventrue

But she loved him still. As the years passed, Lucinde
remained Michaelis' most trusted servant, assisting him with
a fervor she had never before possessed. She helped him hunt
down his renegade prey, using clan resources on an unheard-
of scale. She even prepared to defend him on the inevitable
night when his schemes would come to light.

Lucinde instead proved the cause of Michaelis' downfall.
Other clans had begun to wonder at Michaelis' curious activi-
ties, and the Tremere
regarded the Justicar
with even more con-
cern than most.
Several of the clan's
agents, including at
least one member of
the Council of Seven,
soughtoutLucindeand
enlisted her unknow-
ing support.

Through her eyes
# they watched Michae-
lis. Through her they
noticed his odd habits
and odder plans.
7 Through her they real-
ized that the Justicar
§ was not Michaelis.
Afraid of what would
happen should they
announce this infor-
4 mation themselves,
y the Tremere kid-
napped Lucinde and
showed her what they
knew. They forced her
topresent theirknowl-
edge to the leaders of
the Camarilla.

Ata Conclave in
Munich, Lucinde re-
vealed the fact that
Michaeliswasinfactthe
Setite Kemintiri. This
revelation shocked the
Camarilla as little be-
fore had, and a
worldwide Blood Hunt
was decreed against the vile Sand-Snake. Ventrue leaders,
praising Lucinde's efforts to unearth the truth, made her one of
the first Alastors, those Kindred who hunt vampires on the
Camarilla's most wanted list.

Lucinde has had exceptional success fulfilling her new
duties, and has brought numerous Anathema (those on the
list) to justice. Still, Kemintiri remains Lucinde's primary
target, and she will spare no effort to find the Setite. When
Lucinde does, she will tell Kemintiri all she knows and pray
that the Sand-Snake will let Lucinde serve her once again.


Appendix: Some Distiguished Ventrue

Anushin-Rawan descends from a long line of distin-
guished Ventrue and proudly traces her lineage back to the
clan founder himself. Her debut in what is now the Sheikdom
of Qatar was a much-celebrated event, attended by Justicars,
Methuselahs and Ventrue from around the world. She imme-

diately set about proving her worth, acting as envoy, diplomat
and peacemaker for both the Ventrue and the Camarilla.

SHIN-RAWAN

Anushin-Rawan and her island sanctuary have gained a
great deal of fame among vampires since she established it in the
1950s. Several dozen vampires have traveled here to settle their
differences, and even more have spent time here as guests.
Other supernatural creatures, including mages and mummies,
have visited Yiaros, and some claim to have seen Lupines prowling
the grounds. Finally, the island houses a number of faeries, a fact
that Anushin-Rawan was aware of when she bought it.

During an especially harrowing mission to foil an Assamite
assassination attempt againsta Ventrue prince, Anushin-Rawan
became acutely aware of the need for a place where vampires
could meet to discuss their differences. Drawing on the awe-
some resources of her clan, Anushin-Rawan purchased Yiaros,
a small coastal island in the Aegean Sea.

She has allowed the island's few mortal inhabitants to
remain, but has cordoned off a good chunk of Yiaros for her
own purposes. The island is easily accessible from Greece by
air and boat, and here invited vampires can meet in safety.
(Anushin-Rawan only allows invited Kindred on the island.
Others will be expelled or destroyed by her many mortal and
immortal guards.)

64 Clanbook: Ventrue

Anushin-Rawan's vampiric guests spend most of their
time on her luxurious estate, lounging among the relics of
ancient civilizations and feasting on her dozens of young
servants. It is not unheard of for faeries to appear in the gardens,
and some visitors believe the fey have interbred with the
island's mortal inhabitants. Such a belief gains strength the
more time one spends among these mortals.

Anushin-Rawan's island attracts some of the undead
community's leading figures, and no one can predict just whom
he might meet while here. Anushin-Rawan's island has gained
her at least as much Status as her ancestry and her talents as a
diplomat have. Anyone who threatens this Status will gain an
implacable enemy.




BINDUSARA

Unlike Anushin-Rawan, who can proudly recite every
member of her lineage, Bindusara's ancestry is clouded in
mystery. That he predates Christianity is without question,
but no one knows just how old he is. Still, he is the sort of
Ventrue other members of the clan are proud to point out,
and he has gained the respect of all the Camarilla clans.

Bindusara has spent most of his unlife in the ancient
city of Alexandria, but he travels far more than most
Ventrue do, perhaps because of all the catastrophes that
have befallen his city. A scholar of unchallenged accom-
plishment, Bindusara is best known for his research into the
earliest nights of the undead. His writings and stories are
accepted as the most reliable sources on the history of
vampires up to the time of Alexander.

While most Ventrue have little use for this knowledgesave
to bolster claims of illustrious forebears, some avidly study
Bindusara's work. They hope that his writing will either reveal
what the oldest Cainites have planned or show that their
ancestors have been successful in keeping the Kindred free.

Bindusara has no such illusions. His inquiries have
instead shown a ceaseless tapestry of control and manipula-
tion. Indeed, Bindusara cannot even fathom a purpose
behind this pattern, and has begun to theorize that it must
be inherent to vampiric nature.

He has also started to worry that the old adage stating
that "vampires' greatest enemies are other vampires" may
not be exactly true. There are other, potentially greater,
enemies out there, and humans are only the tip of the
iceberg. The more he learns, the more he fears.

Still, Bindusara's greatest personal enemies are other
undead. The Ventrue know of his legendary feud with the
Mnemosyne, a bloodline of Caine-worshippers who devote
themselves to the study of the first vampire and The Book of
Nod. What they do not know is that he is also hunted by the
Jocastatians, another bloodline of scholars, but ones who use
more diabolic means to enlightenment.

Bindusara has also come to the attention of the Inconnu,
who fear that he might learn too much. Bindusara knows
that these ancient vampires watch him, though he does not
know what their plans might be. Now he continues his
studies, courts allies, and prays for the best.

Appendix: Some Distiguished Ventrue 67

FABRIZIO
ULFILA

Ulfila's involvement with the Church dates
back to the earliest nights of Christianity,
and his success at controlling and ma-
nipulating religious leaders is legendary
among the undead. The Church has
long been a center of vampiric con-
spiracies, and Ulfila's ability to
survive them all is proof of
his skill.

Through the centuries
he has proved himself a loyal
and dedicated Ventrue. No

acted to the detriment of the
clan. Indeed, Ulfila has con-
clusively demonstrated that he
was in torpor during those few
times the Church has acted
against the Ventrue. The Inqui- 2a
sition is one example of this. x

During Ulfila's early nights,
some vampires believed that he
possessed True Faith, but no evi-
dence of such dedication has ever
surfaced. After all, Ulfila usually
employs ghouls like the notori-
ous Ferox to deal with the Church
hierarchy. Ferox is the one blot
on Ulfila's otherwise stellar ca-
reer, for he now has a place on
the Camarilla's Red List of
the most wanted.

Some Ventrue believe
Ulfila and Ferox must have
been exceptionally close, for "
there is no denying that
Ulfila's work with the Church
has declined since his former ghoul
gained notoriety. Those vampires close to
the Methuselah say he has begun trafficking with t h e
Giovanni, a clan he has had dealings with ever since necro-
mancers took it over.

Ulfila has always had ties to mages, most notably the Those who know Ulfila closely say he has become
Celestial Chorus, but these ties have never compromised his aware of tremendous upheavals in the realms of the dead.
loyalty to his clan. Even now, whispers that he deals with the They believe these changes have prompted him, at the
Giovanni for less than altruistic motives gain no credence. behest of Ventrue leaders, to deal with his clan's rivals.

Still, he now spends more time in Venice than in Rome and
has confirmed rumors that he has developed a number of
necromantic powers.

68 Clanbook: Ventrue

Eternity is not merely about power. Power
makes up only one part of the Ventrue's
world, though it is an extremely important
part. The vampires of Clan Ventrue
understand that power has value only as a
means to an end, not an end in itself. Thus
they use their vast resources to extend their
reach, all the while watching and waiting
for the right moment — the right moment to
strike. For there are even worse things in
this world than vampires, and the Ventrue
know they are the only hope. i

Clanbook: Ventrue includes:

© The effect Ventrue have had on the
world's history;

© 10 sample characters suitable for players
and Storytellers; and

° additional information on how the
Ventrue control both mortals and Kindred
— and whom they most fear.

Mette 4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
4 44 MTN., GA 30083

1

GAME STUDIO
