# File: Verbena.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

 TeaditiogiBook Two
ay for Mage: he Ascension


RS Ee NS eS SR Ee Pe ee ee ee ee

N

Guardians of the Mythic Threads

‘s _

THE EMPRESS

S y,

Written by: Nicky Rea, Sam Chupp and Lucien Dark

Credits:
Written by: }
Developed by: Phil Brucato
Edited by: Heather Bryden
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles
Art: Mark Jackson, Matthew Korteling, Andrew Mitchell

Kudelka, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Lawrence Allen Williams

Front cover Art: Michael W. Kaluta
Aileen E. Miless

icky Rea, Sam Chupp and Lucien Dark

Front and Back Cover Desig

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
i MIN, GA 30083

0 ry

CAME STUDIO

w duc
permission of the publisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose
of reviews. Mage: The Ascension and The Verbena Tradition
Book are trademarks of White Wolf Game Studio. All names, titles,
characters and text herein are copyrights of White W

© 1994 by White Wolf. All rights reser without written

olf unless
otherwise noted

"House Diedne" is a copyrighted property of Wizards of the
Coast. The mention or reference to any other companies or prod
ucts in these pages is nota challenge to the trademarks or copyrights
concerned

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader discretion is

In Memoriam: Matthew Korteling

Here and now

Long and loud

My heart cries out

And the naked bone

Of an ankle says,
"Don't walk away!"
Reach out your hands
I'm just a step away
How in the world can I wish for this
Never to be torn apart?
Close to you 'till

The last beat of my heart

—Siouxie and the Banshees, "Close to You"

Grimmy misses you, my love!
—Krista

Special Thanks to:
Mark "Cl

ghost-writing.

ainsaw Surgery" Rein*Hagen, for his delicate

Stewart "von Allmen's Express" Wieck, for taking the name
before tying the knot

Sam "Sticky Buns" Chupp for that sugary, lightheaded
felling he always gets

Ben "Vexological Economist" Monk, for his scintillating
lectures on fin

Staley "Toast of the Town" Krause, for juggling Elric, Sonja
Blue, and the host of horrors

Rob "Spoke too Soon" Hatch, for thinking that he'd put the
games behind him

Mike "Woody" Krause, a Natural Born Salesman

Wes "She's not Jamie" Harris, for his True Lies girlfriend

Authors' Special Thanks to:
Jackie Cassada for sharing her insights and proofread-

ing again and again

Wayne Peacock, my online friend, for keepi

with

abreast of Mage developments and sharing his "Edge
me

The Wednesday night gaming group (Carla, Beth,
Sherri, Jim, and Tony) for playing through the weeks of
unAwakened mages without powers, which had so much to
do with how this was written

Teeuwynn, without whose encouragement | mighthave
chucked the whole thing and given up writing.

Printed in Canada


Contents

Between the Worlds: Samhaine Eve (Prelude)
Birth Cry: Winter Solstice (introduction)
Chapter One: Never Again the Burning

Imbole/Candlemas (History)

Chapter Two: Blessing the Fields

Beltaine Eve (Culture and Politics)

Chapter Three: Aligning the Spheres

Midsummer Night (External Relations)
Chapter Four:The Fruits of the Tree

Lammas (Character Templates)

Appendix One: Ancient Wisdom

Verbena Magick

Appendix Two: The Center of the Wheel

Famous Verbena

Contents

12
16

28

38

44.

60

65

Between

the Worlds:

Samhaine Eve
(Prelude)

Issues not faced annually at Samhaine

may need to be faced at our ultimate death,

when we might not be strong enough,

— Paddy Slade; Encyclopedia of White Magic: A Sea-

sonal Guide

Black hair flying about her face, Deborah
stood defiantly before the woman seated in
the old rocking chair. She resented being
dragged here to this old woman's front porch,
where she wasn't even allowed to sit down.
Arion, Thorn and Tanith formed a ring
around her, forcing her into a face-off with
the crone. What kind of shit was this? The
severe, cold wind at the heart of the Berk-
shires cut through her light jacket. Frowning atthe witch
woman's question, Deborah sneered "What do I want out
of life? That's a pretty lame question. How about wealth
and power for a start?"

Mother Celene gazed at the younger woman, thén slowly
smiled. Neither she nor the others néeded heavy coats. Their
powers kept them warm, though-thé,wind-soughed through the
evergreens and rattled the windows

She could read frustration and bravado in the girl's stance,
as well as fear and anticipation. The young ones never guessed
how much she knew just from sensing.theit hormonal and
chemical balances.

"Be still," she whispered, "Listen. Look. Tell me what
you hear and séé."

To Mother Celene the vibrant greens; darkening blue sky,
and orange-red sun that set the clouds afire formed a glorious

4 Verbena

panotama. The wind, the scritching of branches against her
house, even the soft scrape of Thorn's shoe on the porch step
were clearly audible. Mother Celene waited, hoping Deborah
would conquerher feelings and truly consider the question. If she
didn't, Mother Celene would teach her to understand true pain
and fear.

Deborah decided she'd had enough of games. Arion
had promised her knowledge and power. Everyone knew he
claimed to be a practicing witch. She should have known
better than to come here with him and his weird friends —
especially on Halloween. She was beginning to get really
uneasy. That always made her angry.

"I don't hear anything but the wind, which, by the way,
is freezing me to death," she complained. "lI see you, a weird
mountain top, and a grungy old cottage." She paused for
breath.

"This whole thing was a mistake." She turned to
Arion, "Take me home now." Summoning as much author-
ity into her yoice as she could, she willed him into obedience.
She felt terribly vulnerable. Arion smiled. Thorn raised an
eyebrow; Tanith laughed. Her fear escalated. Halloween:
Witches. Shit. Why hadn't she realized they wanted her for
a sacrifice?

Mother Celene tapped Deborah on the knee with her
cane. Deborah almost screamed. This couldn't be happen-
ing.


"Pay attention!" Mother Celene commanded. "You
y the simplest
task, How should I teach one who has no will to learn?"

claim you want power, but you will not esse

"Who made you God?" Deborah's anger, and relief at
hearing she was to be taught, not sacrificed, coalesced into.
defiance.

"Better to ask, who could make youa goddess." Master-
ing her own annoyance, Mother Celene stood and grasped
Deborah's shoulder.

"Since you will not answer my question, | shall tell you
what I hear and see."

Deborah's shoulder began to throb painfully where the
old woman grasped it, but she felt powerless to remove the
hand or pull herself away. Mother Celene's eyes stared into
veat trickled down between Deborah's
breasts and traced a line along her spine.

her own; cold

"I hear the wind, yes. But I hear much more besides.
Your blood sings through your veins and pumps through
your heart with a rhythm like the sea crashing on'a rocky
shore. Breath rasps through your throatand bellows through
your lungs and rushes out again. I hear eyes blinking, hair

growing, the sounds of food making its way thtough your

bowels, and perspiration sliding along your body.

I see your shivering. Your eyes change‘colors and the
pupils dilate in a face pale as milk with cheeks reddened by
the wind. Uncertainty, fear, the very life that pumps within
you is clear to me. I know more of you than you could
possibly believe."

The pain in her shoulder had grown like a smoldering
fire. Deborah fought to jerk herself away, moving in slow
motion. How could a bony old lady be that strong?

"Hurts, does it?" the old woman efooned. "That's
enters directly. I could as
easily stop your heart or send a blood clot into your brain."

because I'm affecting your nerve

Deborah looked at her with undisguised terror. As she
struggled in panic, she felt her muscles lock and realized she
was trapped.

" she whispered.

The pain stopped. She fell to her knees as her muscles
were released from their paralysis.

Mother Celene lowered her hand and smiled. "That
was only a minor working."

Deborah licked her lips. Shivering, butino longer from
the cold, she asked, "What was that?"

Mother Gelene stroked the girl's raven hair while

zing serenely at the sunset. "That," she said, "\ 1"
eee

is power:

Prelude


The poet is. . @semi-divine figure who by combining magic,
mythology and poetry may significantly influence society.

—M. C. Flannery, Yeats and Magic, the Earlier Works

Teague changed into his bardic costumes He-clasped
his deep blue velvet cloak with a silver brooch, picked up
his lap harp and examined his reflection in the mirror. The
clothes and harp looked great. His thin body, pocked face,
brown eyes and long brown hair looked like they always did.
Mundane. He hated himself for being so ordinary. Of
course, he might look a little better were he still healthy.

Stroking a melody from his harp, he cheered himself
with the thought thar at least his music wasn't ordinary. He
loved the old Irish and Scottish ballads and songs, and so
did the people at the Renaissance Fair. All summer he
wandéred*about the fair singing and telling old stories,
They paid hima little. He made up the rest in tips from the
tourists. He was glad to be playing the special Autumn Fair
they were holding in honor of Halloween. He could use the
money.

As he drove to the fair site, he hummed a tune and
thought about the boy he'd met yesterday. His words still
buzzed in Teague's brain.

"Why do you waste your energies trying to recapture a
time that is gone? Come with me and I will show you how
to make those times come again."

‘He'd just stared, dazzled by the boy's good looks and

~ flattered the boy had shown an interest in him. But Teague
"had thought about what the boy had said. He wasn't happy

living in a world where poets and dreamers have no place.
Ifthe boy Came to the fair agai, Teague knew he'd go with
him, wherever he took him.

Teague was in the middle of "The Elphin Knight"
when he became aware of the boy standing quietly off to his
left. Blond. Gorgeous blue eyes anda smile to die for, How
could he have forgotten his name? Robin. Teague ended
the'song before he reached the last verse. The other
fairgoers didn't seem to notice, but Robin smiled. When
everyone else was gone, the boy approached; "Hi-again,"
Teague said, and thought to himself, Wonderful opening!
What happened to the great poet? Nerves, he thought.

Robin smiled. "Have you decided?"

"Decided what?" He knew what Robin meant, but
stalled for time as he tried to sort out his true feelings.

"Please, do not play games. If youyWwish to know the
truths of the past, if you wish to help.make the world what
it could be, you must trust me and come with me now. I will
not ask again."

"Give me a few minutes to-think about it, okay?"
Teague set his harp down near a maple tree. Just a week or
so ago, the maple had been ablaze with color. Now its
cracked, brown'leaves fluttered in the wind. "I need to be
by myself. I'll be back in a few minutes. Is that cool?"

Robin nodded. Teague walked away from the fair site,
moving off farther into the trees to clear his head. He knew

6 Verbena

what he wanted to do, but would it be worth the effort?
Somehow, he just couldn't believe there might be some-
thing better for him elsewhere. On the other hand, how
much longer did he have left?

He didn't see them until the first one grabbed him.
"Meeting another lover boy outhere, faggot?" The boy who
held him looked about sixteen. Dirty jeans anda sweatshirt,
greasy hair. The one who'd spoken was older and wore a
black leather jacket. The third held a tire iron. His eyes
fixed on Teague with unforgiving hatred. A girl, probably
no more than fifteen, was twined around Black Leather
Jacket. She grinned as Teague tried to free himself from the
armlock Dirty Jeans had him in. "Why'n't we do him all the
way?" she said to Tire Lron.

"Nah. Let's make him blow all of us."

Dirty Jeans shoved him down on the ground. "lain'tno
fairy," he said, "and he might have AIDS or something."
Good guess, thought Teague as he desperately tried to throw
Dirty Jeans off. Black Leather Jacket strode forward and
raised his booted foot. "Hold his hand out," he com-
manded. Dirty Jeans grasped Teague's right wrist, forcing
his hand onto the leaf-covered dirt. Teague screamed as
Black Leather Jacket stomped on his hand, grinding it
underfoot. He felt the bones snap as white-hot agony raced
up his arm and exploded inside his head. Tire Iron moved
behind him and smashed the heavy bar into his lower back.
Teague vomited up the meat pie he'd had for lunch.

"Son of a bitch!" cried Black Leather Jacket, "The
bastard rolfed on my boots:"

"Kill him!" screamed the girl. Dirty Jeans grabbed his
hair and began pounding a fist into Teague's face. Teague
felt his heart shudder and skip a beat. As he floated toward
unconsciousness, he saw Robin emerge through the trees.
The others, intent on the beating they were giving him,
didn't notice the slender blond boy. They did notice his
voice.

"In ancient Ireland the person of a bard was inviolate,"
he-called clearly, "Release him."

"Another one. Get him!" screamed the girl.

Then the sound began. As Teague slid into blackness,
he heard a piercing, horrid noise and realized Robin was
singing. His tormentors clutched their ears and fell to their
knees as the raging sound climbed to an unearthly scream.
First one, then another fell into fits as blood poured from
their earsand noses. When all lay still Robin whispered one
word; "Banshee."

When hevcame to, Teague's head, was cradled in
Robin's lap. Hé blinked several times, but still saw Robin's
hair, noW a brilliant crimson, liftingand thrashing through
the air as though blown by gale winds. Robin noticed his
gaze and said,"Paradox. What I did was vulgar magick.
This," he pointed to his hair, "will stop in a little while."

Magic? Though he still hurt, Teague felt able to stand.
The throbbing in his hand had lessened. "Watch it," he said
to Robin, "my blood...| have AIDS."

"I know." Robin helped him up. "But you don't have
to."

Teague looked at those who had beaten him. They
were still breathing, but their faces reflected excruciating
pain. "What about them?" he asked.

"They'll live. Of course, they will never hear again.
The price for failing to, hear the cries of those who are
different? Now they themselves will taste that prejudice.
Let's be gone from here. We havea world to remake."

i stirred inside him at Robin's words —
something that hadalways known this time would come —
uncoiled and flexed its power.

"Let's go," he'said. He linked arms with Robin and
walked away from the fair, hardly noticing that his hand felt
fine. No one noticed their going.

eee

We know the sap which courses through the trees as we
know the blood that courses through our veins. We are part of

the earth and it is part of us.

— Chief Seattle

Jon awakened to the shrilling of the phone.

"Yeah?" he mumbled, trying to make out the time in
his darkéned room. Hé gave it up asa lost causéand listened
as Frances talked. Damn them. Another section had been
designated for clear-cutting. They'd be*moving people in
for the logging operation in less than three hours. Didn't
those morons realize they were destroying irreplaceable
old-growth forest? They had to know. His group had been
demonstrating on the property for weeks. Some of tho8e trees
must be over'two hundred years old! Could' ‘t they even take a
break for Halloween? ;

"Okay, I'll be there in about twenty! nutes," he told
Frances and wearily pulled on the an. discarded
only four hours ago. He was still exhausted, but running on
the energy his anger provided. He was tired of playing by all
the polite rules.

He went down into the cellar and emerged with the
tools he'd need — a bag of huge nails and spikes and a
couple of sturdy hammers. Spiking the trees in strategie
places sb caused injuries to those cutting the trees"

when their powerttools hit the spikes. One such accident
was usually enough to deter the cutters or to slow down
work enough th: the job became unprofitable. The trees
would survive and the loggers would have to move else-
where.

A mist rose Rauch the trees as the sun burned off the
early morning rain. It was still drizzling a little Jor had just
hammered his lastspikeintoa magnificentold oak when he

ard the shot. He turned to warn Francés and realized her

Mi eae the tree trunk, trailing'a smear of

loo od in her wake. Half her head was gone. Looking into

e eyes of the two men whose rifles now pointed at him, he

4 the story of his own death there. No doubtit would be
if

lained as an unfortunate hunting accident. He ran.

Tearing through the trees, wea'
praying that he could outdistancé the men on his trail, Jon
misstepped and tumbled down a hill and into a clea
Scramblingtofis feet and limping onward, he ae
+be Shot in the back at any moment. As he passed the outer
ring of trees surrounding a great ted oak, a strong hand
reached out and pulled him behind a broad beech. His
rescuer was a sinewy, bearded man dressed in jeans and a
flannel shirt. "So, you have come at last. I'am Jarrol, but
there is time enough to talk later." With these words, Jarrol
stepped in front of Jon and commanded, "Watch!"

Crashing through the trees.to'the open hilltop 5 whete_
Jon had lost his balance, the two men paused at the crest of 7
the hill. One of them looked up as thunder" rumbled:
overhead. The other said, "C'mon. We've * gottafind | that
guy- Let's look down there."

Jarrol called out, "Go away. Tell your bosses this land
is off-limits. Tell them to cut no more trees if they value
their lives."

As the men raised their rifles and took aim, Jarrol
thrust his arms toward the sky. As the bolt of lightning
grounded into the metal of both men's rifles, the' accomp:
nying thunder deafened Jon.

When Jon came around, he saw that Jarrol hat already $3

‘among a = ae
Wee

carried one of the bodies down the hill to the' redoak oe so 7

formed the center of the grove. Reaching/beyo
Jarrol raised a sickle and slashed the mate
oozed from the cut.

ed al

shall.teturn it," Jarrol intoned.-Then he turd to Jo
smiled; "Welcome home." x t Wy.
eee %&
What was blood and darkness in an animal ©
Grew. in us to soul and continues
To stream outloud as soul. And it screams for y pf
— Rainer Maria Rilke, Song of the Women to the Poet
Kamaria closed her eyes and let herself drift along the,

"As you have taken from thé life of Ong ob om

moonpath-invthe water. The waxing moon shone down *

upon the girl named in her honor. She felt buoyant and
graceful in the water as she never did on land. This late in

the year, the water was cold, but she reveled in its feel.

Waving her arms through the water, she visualized herself
as she wanted to be. Not a crook-backed, hunched-over
girl, bar atall, sttaight-limbed beauty. If the moon were
only made of wishes.

Not that she didn't have pretty features. Velvet brown
skin with no blemishes, deep brown eyes with thick, dark
lashes and long, black hair worn in cornrows were her most
attractive features; Kamaria'had never been accorded the
honor of being tattooed or scarifiedike the other girls of
the tribe. Given to the missionaries the day after her birth,
she had been taken from Africa six years later. They were
always just "the missionaries" to her, and had givert her
religious tracts rather than love. While they had always

Prelude 7

spon

A
‘J


8 Verbena

been kind, they were not people who felt comfortable with
children — especially deformed ones.

Trying to swallow her bitterness, she looked at the
moon and called out, "Moon, Sister, shine your magical
light down and change the way Lam..It's my Halloween
wish. I want to be a runner. [want to leap and dance. I want
to be perfected!"

"Why?" Kamaria almost leapt out of the water when
she heard the soft, masculine voice. Looking toward the
sound, she saw a sweet-faced boy of about thirteen. He sat
on the embankment, elbows clasped around his knees,
regarding her with an air of expectant curiosity.

"Why what?" she asked.

"Maybe I should have asked how you want to be
perfected," he replied.

She was suddenly, horribly conscious of the. hump
rising up between the straps of her bathing suit. She
climbed awkwardly out of the lake and made her way to the
robe she'd left on the embankment.

"I was just dreaming," she mumbled. Then she was
angry» And hurt. Nowhere was far enough away that
someone didn't intrude and spoil her magical moments
when she pretended she was normal:

He cocked his head to one side, studying her with a
dignity no thirteen-year-old ought to be able to assume.

"I'm sorry..didit't mean to anger you. [thought I could
help."

"How?" She fiddled with the robe':
distract attention from her hump that w

as if she could

Y:

"You were invoking Luna, weren't you? You know,
goddess of the moon, patron of lycanthropes and
shapeshifters?" He looked quite serious and she found
herself responding to his lack of comment on her awkward-
ness or deformity. She even smiled a little.

"Yes, I guess 1 was," she confessed.

"Then you'd like to learn how to change yourself? Did
you really mean it when you said you were seeking perfec-
tion?" His eyes picked up the moon's glow. She took a step
backward, suddenly not sure if she liked this chance meet-
ing by moonlight. Her African heritage called out to her,
whispering of demons and shapechangers. Her longing
heldher from running from this strange boy with the moon-
bright eyes.

"I wantto be healed," she said, and realized she was
crying,

He came to her and placed his hand on her twisted
flesh. "Whatever you can visualize, you can do," he said
gently.

As he spoke, he changed. The sweet-faced boy was
now-an-older, sweet-faced woman whose eyes welcomed
her.

"Come with me. You have a lot to learn, but you will
find healing — and perfection."

Black hand clasped in white, the moon sisters left the
sacred pool.

eee

Lam purified and free:

And | will not allow ‘you to ignore me.

Thave brought you a gife.

Te is all] have but itis yours.

My name is "I am living." Iam here.

— Anna Lee Walters, Pawnee-Otoe, "I Have Bowed
Before the Sun"

It never.stops, he thought wearily as the truck full of
young men roared by. Those inside it screamed with laugh-
terasa bottle smashed into the dirt a few feet ahead of him:
Dama fools! They should know better than to do this when
tourists were crawling all over the rez: Or maybe that's what
caused it, he thought. They keep us drinking and doing drugs
or gambling. Half the tribe is ready to sell our sacred groundto
the developers and the other half can't stand up straight for alll the
poisons in. their bodies. Our children die from lack of basic
medical care, but the tourists come to see the dances and our
"Great Indian Heritage" every year. They never seemed to
see the squalor, just the feathers and beadwork.

Like that young redhead going intothe souvenir shop.
She was probably on vacation, seeing the sights and patting
herself on the back for basking in all this "Native American.
Culture!" Harvest festival, hell: They didn't even have a
harvest — they were just trying to cash in on Halloween.

Grieving fora time he had never known, Takoda raged
at his own lack of power. At school, he had done well
enough to qualify for pre-med, but of money ora
scholarship closed the door to medical. I. The spirit
within him was silent; Takoda could not be like his grand-
father, a medicine man.

His grandfather had tried to train him, but Takoda just
couldn't see or hear the spirits. On his vision quest, all he
saw were mental images of food‘and water: He tried to tell
his grandfather that he "felt" the wrongness in people when'
they were si¢k orhurt, buthe had no talent for telling which"
spirithad brought about the disharmony. Kohana had been
a great man, thé.last great shamanof his tribe. He never
berated Take , but the sadness in his eyes spoke clearly
enough. Now the old man was dead and Takoda wondered
why he stayed here.

Brakes squealed and a woman's scream was cut short by
a crash. He ran' toward the sound. The shrill, hysterical
screams of a small chi id rose above the tinkle of breaking

. The truck that had held the youngmen lay on itsside.

truck, was buckled into an accordion shape.
One doorwas open anda little blond girl lay on the ground,
aming. He could see the bone protruding through her
. A blond woman was trapped behind the wheel,

‘figures moved nearby. A small car, half-—

pinned in place by the fronr6f her small'€ar. Other people"
were running toward thé scene:

Takoda had the urge to just stop and let others deal
with things? What could hedo that they couldn't? Then he®
fiioved to help. Most of the young men seemed shaken up,
but not badly hurt. The gods protect those too drunk to feel
pain, he thought. He turned toward the mother and child.
Aside from her broken arm, the child looked fine. Then his
eyes met those of the child's mother and he felther pain and
fear. She was going to die, and she knew it. Painfully, she
stretched her hand out to him, an instinctive gesture.that
said, "Don't let me die alone," He reached for her hand,
anger and helplessness washing through him, but there was
another, smaller hand in the way.

The redhead he had seen entering the shop gently
moved herself between him and the woman. She turned to
look at him, green eyes filled with arrogant command.

"Geta crowbar or something and gether out of here,"
she snapped.

"Uh...it won't do any good," he whispered fiercely,
trying to keep the woman from hearing him. "She's not
going to make it. Especially if we start trying to move' pher
around. Let her die with some dignity."

"She won't die, if you'll just get to work and let me do
the same. I don't have time to argue with you, Just do it!"™
She turned back to the woman, clasped herband and said,

"Now just relax. You're not going to die, You feelcold from. "=

the shock. You aren't bleeding as badly as you, (think. yas
injuries always look worse than-they are."

Wondering if he could*have misjudged-the extent ¢
the woman's injuries, Takoda called for help. | y_

For the next hour, he;watched the redhead and mar> ©
veled as the garage crew twisted and pulled at the wreckage.
The ambulance arrived. They took the child to the county
hospital, but agreed that Takoda could bring the woman in
whenever she was freed.

Atlast the crew lifted the woman from the car, reveal
ing'a long scratch down her right leg. The head injury the
fedhead had treated could hardly be seen. He helped her
move to his grandfather's old car which was parked nearby.

~The redhead tapped him on the shoulder as he was getting

in and said, "I'll meet you at the hospital."

She came up tovhim in the waiting room. "You're
Takoda, right?"

He wondered where she'd heard his name.
Who are you?"

"I'm an old friend of your grandfather's. He told mea
lot about you. I wassorry to ‘hear of his death. My name is
Sarah, by thé way." . y

"He never mentioned you to mie..." he began.

"But then, he wouldn't," she finished. "Let's go for a
drive. I think you have some questions and | may have the
answers you're looking for."

"Yeah. /

"Where do you want to go?" he asked.

Prelude 9

10

Verbena

"Somewhere I can tell you about healers who don't
have to be doctors or medicine men. Healers like me." She
chanced a look at him and saw dawning understanding.

"That woman. She was dying, wasn't she," he asked,
"and you saved her."

She nodded.

"Will you teach me?" He had never been good atacting
humble. She laughed at the strain in his voiceas he tried to
simulate humility.

"That's why I'm here. But I won't take you with me if
you believe you're going to fail. You gave up on §pirits and
yout'gave up on getting into med school. This is all or
nothing."

I was right, she is arrogant, he thought. But she has true
power and she thinks she can teach me. With grim determina-
tion he said, "I won't fail, but you'd better be damn good."

eee

God is alive. Magic is afoot...

— Buffy Ste. Marie, "God is Alive, Magic is Afoot"

Magic is alive. The Goddess is afoot...

—Sgeveral thousand Goddess worshippers

Aileen ran from the cemetery, the wind drying her
tears. Behind. her she could/hear the voices of shocked
mourners as her father called after her. Kathy was dead, Her
twin; her sister. Confidante and other half. Murdered. So
Kathy had sneaked out and gone to a dance club. Big deal.
Was dancing sucha sin that she had to pay with her life?

Ail
guided her family's life, but she had never before examined

s. Had Kathy "flaunted" herself? W: sl
for it" when she wore a short skirt and high heels?
deserved what had happened to Kathy. Mutilated, raped,
murdered — wearing high heels just didn't qualify as a
reason fog that.

had often quéstioned the strict rules which

her beli

Her parents tried to explain: Kathy had made herself a
brazen woman. Though they grieved for her, she had not
been pure when she died and had lost her place as One of the
chosen. Somehow, Aileen just couldn't believé in a God
who only had room for a chosen few, or one who repaid a
minor transgression with cruelty and deathy

She kept walking, not really noticing where she was
going until she reached the park. She almost left when she
saw the women gathered there. Some of thein looked like
dykes. Others were dressed in skirts and_peasant blouses.
One was wearing a robe and some sort of silver moon tiara.
They were dancing and singing, thanking the Goddess
all her blessings.

Yeah, thanks fornothing, she thought. She watched the
wothen moving ina circle dance and tried not to cry. She
Stippressed the urge to jump into the circle and scream.
Laying her forehead against a nearby tree, She tried to
steady her breathing. When someone touched her arm she
screamed and jumped back.

for

"Don't touch me," she snarled.

The woman with the tiara studied her tear-streaked
face and nodded.

"Would you like to join us?" she asked. "We're about to
have cider and cakes. You'd be welcome, sister."

Aileen lost it at the word "sister." The strange woman.
pulled her into an embrace"and let her cry for a minute,
then stepped back and ‘said, "Pain shared is pain dimin-
ished. Let us help you."

Aileen allowed herself to be seated in their circle. She
drank cider and ate a morsel of cake. She listened to them
talk and haltingly told them her story. Their sympathy
helped some, and she realized she was enjoying their
company, As they packed up to leave the park, Stargazer,
their high priestess, took her moon circlet off and handed
it to Aileen along with a card.

"Here. You look like you need this," she said, "and
here's my card. If you need me, just call — any time. The
Goddess doesn't stick to office hours."

She realized how late ithad gotten as she walked home,
The gaily costumed children who had thronged the streets
were long gone, greedily counting their Halloween spoils.
As the dark closed in, she walked faster, trying to keep to
well-lighted streets. A BMW driven by a handsome, well-
dressed young man pulled up next to her,He rolled the
window down and said, "Miss, you shouldn't be out so late
allalone. Can give youa ride home?" She looked him over.
Short hair, dark blue blazer, a ready smile that showed his
braces; he looked okay. At the farendof the block a grizzled
man ina long coat stepped ourof an alleyway and stared at
her blearily, "Thanks," she said. When she was settled in,
he pulled away from the curb. Then he snapped the door
locks shut and pointed a gun at her.

"Just be cool," he ordered, "and you won't get hurt." He
turned down a dark alleyway while she sat frozen, fear and
shock whispering through her. He opened his door as the
car rolled toa stop and grabbing her arm, pulled her across

the seat toward him. "Get out, bitch..D6n't make me use
this on you," he said, raising thé gun slightly. She almost
gave in. Then she remembered the strange abrasions the
coroner had fotind on Kathy's body, bite marks which could
have come from someone wearing braces! As he pulled her
around and opened the trunk of the car, she screamed and
turned in his arms, biting and scratching. He yowled as she
chomped down on his thumb, then dropped her as she
slammed the trunk lid on his other hand, theone with the
gun. She ran as he struggled to pull his hand free That was
when she realized she still had his thumb in her mouth.

When she finished retching, She carefully picked up_,
his thumb, wrapped it in her scarf, and ran the rest of the
way home. Her father looked up from the television as she
slammed the door behind her. Her mother emerged from
the kitchen. Her mother's look of horror told her that the
man's blood had drenched her face and chin:

Her father came over to her. She thought he was going
to wrap his arms around her and hug her. The open-handed
blow toher cheek rocked her backwards. She stared at him
in horror, ;

"In the name of God, what did you think you were
doing today? You embarrassed both me and your mother.in
front of every friend we have. My boss was there. Hethinks
Thave a lunatic for a daughter!" ¢

Staring at the bruise on her mother's face which
matched the one she would have, she backed to the'door..

"Maybe he's right," she said, slipping outside. "Maybe
that's exactly what] am." She slammed thedoorbehind her
and ignored his frantic shout as he called aftePher. Pulling
Stargazer's card from her purse, Aileen brandished the
severed thumb in the air.

"A Lunatic. Goddess nut. You betcha. About damn
time." P

Prelude ll


th Cry:

r Solstice

Sure as the cock crows at mom

The world in stillness keeps

The secret of babes to be born

Loreena McKennitt, "Courtyard Lullaby"

Deborah awoke in darkness. Naked. Tied
The cold played over her body, hardening
her nipples and raising gooset

skin. Where the hell was she?

imps'on her

gue's mouth as his

ad sagged forward. His hands weren't

asleep, they were tied. He hardly noticed the

cold. He always seemed to be cold these days

Jon was pissed off. Trust me, he says. Now here | am
trussed up like a Christmas turkey. Jon silenced his breathing
for a moment and heard distant chanting

oe6

The blindfold bothered Kamaria, that and her naked
ness. Why were they doing this (whoever they were)? Tears
of shame ran down her face. Why were they exposing her

humped back this way?

Takoda tasted the remains of the drug in his mouth. He
tested his bonds and worked at the gag. He was freezing. Did
I fail somehow? Am I unfit? Or is this a test, a vision quest?

Aileen awoke screaming as her "friend" with the
braces loomed over her. She screamed as he brandished the
electric carving knife he'd used on Kathy. "Where's my
thumb?" he roared.

Aileen awoke. Tied, gagged, naked, blind, she began
to scream

A sliver of light penetrated the blindfolds as others
entered the shed. A woman's voice announced, "You are

here for our Winter Solstice rites. Do not struggle. Trust

and learn." Blankets were draped around them and they
, they were

were walked out into the snow. Stumbling alor
led in a circle, then pushed down into straw. Their blind-
folds and gags were removed, and their bonds loosed. They

Introduction 13

stared at a circle of lighted white candles surrounding
gnarled tree. A woman dressed in white stood beside the
tree, a large pile of straw next to her. An enormous red
candle burned before her. Around the circle stood dark-
robed men and women. At four points were set colored
candles — yellow, red, blue and green. Next to each in turn
stood a man in yellow holding a wand, a man in red holding

a sword, a woman in blue holding a cup, and a woman in
green holding a circlet.

The woman in white lifted her arms and spoke; "We
stand in the sacred circle of the Mother, whose child will be
born this night. Let us partake of her gifts."

She moved enough straw aside for them to see a ewe
lying among the tree's roots. The ewe's distended belly
rippled and she bleated with pain. The priestes
for them all to come forward.

motioned

Hours later, cramped and frozen, they stirred. The
lamb which had struggled to be born turned to nuzzle its
mother. The priestess' robes were stained crimson with the
ewe's blood and soaked with her own sweat. She motioned
them to go, saying, "The rite is ended. Go from this place
freely and of your own will."

The others led them into the house. Frozen toes and
fingers thawed and ached in the warmth of the living room
fire. Warm clothing was brought for them and hot cider
pressed into their hands. Delicious smells emanated from
the kitchen. The feast was ready.

eee

The priestess, no longer clad in her soiled robe,
the head of the table.

"Do any of you know why we just did what we did?" she
asked.

"Do you mean birthing the lamb or kidnapping and
torturing us?" Deborah demanded.

at at

"It was a test." Jon said to Deborah. Takoda nodded;
"Yes, a test, but also symbolic."

Aileen volunteered; "It was a rite to the Goddess.
Teague nodded at the priestess. "I've heard that v
comes with listening. So..." he smiled, hoping she wouldn't
be offende

Jom

"Birth is a miracle," she replied. "It is the beginning of

anew life. There is joy at such a beginning, but there is also
pain and blood, tears, perspiration. The fluids of life. We
can never know joy without sorrow, pleasure without pain,
for one completes the other.

Each new life brings us another chance to attain
Ascension. Each of you is a new child who holds the future
You have come from the
womb where you were silent, blind, naked and tied to the
umbilical cord. We have cut you free. Now you are new-
born. Learn of us, and join with the Verbena."

Teague asked. "Where's Robin?"

"None of those who first found you and brought you to
us are here,"

of our Tradition in your hands.

she answered. "I am Rhianna Flamedancer. I

14 Verbena

shall be your teacherin the days tocome. Donot worry. You
will see your other friends again."

"They aren't my friends. They said they'd teach me
power." Deborah challenged Rhianna.

Rhianna studied the younger woman. "I see. You're
one of Mother Celene's?"

"She says she's the head witch, if that's what you
mean."

Rhianna paused in thought. "Child, I would extend to
you the chance to leave that one's Path. There are many
differing Paths open to the Verbena. You need not choose
one so filled with pain and violence."

Deborah sneered, "Why? What are you going to teach
me, moondancing?"

"Screw you," Aileen heard herself say before she knew
she was going to speak, "I ‘moondance' as you call it. My
She

sisters care about me. Just because you're twisted.
broke off as Teague raised a hand.

"Peace. Pax. Enough. We aren't here to fight." He
gestured for Rhianna to continue.

The priestess studied Deborah for another moment,
then said, "Perhaps it would be best for me to give you a
little background on who we are and what we're about.
We'll talk after dinner."

Nature was changeable when the world was young and
magic still at play.

— The Enchanted World: Spells and Bindings

Rhianna composed herself and began; "You may have
learned parts of this before. Be patient. We will cover at
least some things you don't know...

You may have heard us called many things: witches,
wiccans, pagans, new agers, druids, goddess freaks, and
probably scores of others I can't remember right now. We
are more and less than all of those. Some of us may espouse

one or more of those philosophies, but we are something

else independent of and beyond those realities. Some
Verbena honor the Goddess, but not all Goddess worship-
pers are Verbena. And some Goddess worshippers might be
surprised by how literally and savagely the Verbena among
them believe in the old ways.

's! Most of us don't

We most definitely are not Satan
believe in Satan and, in any case, summoning and com-
muning with spirits is not our primary Sphere of magick.
Nonetheless, fools throughout history have insisted upon
and magick with devil worship.
Arguing with such ignorance is useless. | can only hope that
changing peoples' perceptions of what is real and good will
eventually eradicate that destructive and dangerous belief.

linking nature religior

Now that I've explained what we aren't, let me explain
what we are. We are the eldest. We remember when we
sprang from the Pure Ones and created the magick that
others would later adopt. We are the light and the darkness,
the sacred within the carnal. We accept the agony inherent

in the ecstatic and we welcome the great cycle. We know
the wheel will turn from birth to death to birth again
Standing beneath the branches of our World Tree, we are
the seeds from which new trees will grow. We are gardeners
who water the roots and prune the branches that wither.
We are the tree itself, each of us a root, trunk, branch, leaf
or fruit. We are Life.

The Verbena are one of nine magickal Traditions. But
only we hold the true knowledge of the nature of magick
and reality. Through that knowledge, we can mold reality,
changing the world and ourselves. The word ‘impossible'
does not exist for us. The other Traditions are joined with
us because they, like we, do not accept the limitations
imposed on us by the current consensual reality. While we
do not always agree with one another, we do agree that we
must stand against the evils of the Technocracy

Paternalistic religions that declare women evil and
strip us of power over our lives or bodies; the Inquisition;
those who ushered in the Industrial Revolution with its
brutal labor conditions and deadly smoke; those who pol-
lute our rivers, contaminate our land, denude our forests;
the warmongers; and the drug dealers — all are our en-
emies. Consider how alienated most people are from their
bodies, how their minds are wrapped about with scientific
gibberish disguised as ultimate truth. All this can be laid at
the feet of the Technocracy. They would enslave us all to
a static world ruled by their ‘scientific laws.' Every day we
work to liberate the world from the constraints of their
worldview.

You must fight them by Awakening. Each of you hasan
Avatar, an inner self. When you become aware of and
interact with that Avatar, you are Awakened. You can use

your Avatar to learn magick. Sleepers, the majority of

people in the world, are those who are unaware of their
Avatars. We want to Awaken them all. That is Ascension.
Its perfecting your understanding of the all. When some-
one reaches Ascension, everyone has a better chance of
Ascending. Our lives are a journey we take to perfect
ourselves.

Most Verbena undermine the Technocracy quietly,
rather than force outright battles. We do not use the flash
and bluster other Traditions embrace, but work subtly with
the very essence of Life. Small changes grow and spread
until they become the norm. The wheel turns. We survive
and adapt, incorporate, and prevail."

Introduction 15



i: ah

Chapter O

e:

Never Again
the Burning

Imbole/Candlemas
(History)

Verbena? Don't call me V
easily been called Damiana, or Motherwort

erbena, boy. We could' ve just as

or Valerian

Verbena isan herb that causes you to sweat and throw up. If you

must call me something, call me

Adept, or Wyckcae, or

Aeduna. Or just shut up and save your sweet words for someone

who gives a damn

Sam Haine,

Talien grinned and motioned the new ap-
F
prentices to enter his jumbled bedroom and

find seats on the bed, floor, or at the com-
puter table.

"Actually, Verbena is the Latin name
for Vervain. Romans used it to consecrate
their temples. It was:an ingredient in love

potions and a supposed deterrent to witches

The Christians thought it was used to staunch
Christ's wounds as he hung on the cross. Verbena isn't rare
and it's pretty plain looking, but people throughout history
have relied on it as a cure-all, a miracle plant. Since we
always get tagged as healers or herbalists, the name seemed
appropriate. It doesn't work for everything, by the way. At
least, not since the Technocracy took over.

Verbena Master

I'll start by telling you I'm called Talien. That's not my
real name, but then, names have power. Don't give your
name away lightly."

es, Obi-Wan," joked Teague

You have a computer?" Jon asked

Yeah, why not? I use it to organize my Book of
Shadows, such as it is, and to keep my historical facts
straight. Did you know there's a pagan BBS on the net? A
lot of us black sheep like to get together in our own virtual
reality and reclaim a few of the old Mythic Threads."

"Black sheep?" Kamaria looked interested.

"Yeah. Technopagans, like me. Most of the others
don't consider me a true Verbena. They're convinced I'm
an undercover Virtual Adept spying on them. But they
certainly don't mind how organized I am, and they let me
I'm a bard, a

teach history. That's my real function

loremaster."

Chapter One 17


So get to the point." Deborah stared through him.

alien made a mock bow. "As you command, lady fair,
but since it is the festival of Imbolc, | implore you to let me
do so in honor of the Earth Mother. You may not have
noticed yet, but the days are lengthening and spring isnear.
The Celts used to honor Brigit, goddess of fire, fertility and
poetry at this time of year.

Just to confuse things, tomorrow is Candlemas. It's a
Roman celebration in honor of Demeter. They used to light
candles for her because she sought her daughter Persephone
by candlelight. If you don't know that story, you'd probably
better go back to Mythology 101. I like to think of both rites
search for truth. Kind of like the tarot card with the
hermit holding up the lighted lantern. Anyway, since
Imbolc is associated with enlightenment and truth, what

as

better time to teach you what we know of our past. So let
me begin..."
"About time," spat Deborah, followed by a

from everyone else...

"Let me say this: what you will hear is the truth as I
know it. I will not willingly lie to you. My words mean
nothing and everything. What you are about to hear isa lie.
When you understand that, you will know what it is to be
a mage.

We Verbena are the oldest Tradition. The
Dreamspeakers are our closest cousins among the Tradi-
tions, but they were born from the fringes of our magick.
We knew the original Pure Ones in their unsullied form.
The Pure Ones gave the gift of blood and flesh to humanity,
and shapers of their kind took on flesh and blood to guide
the newborn living beings. These Bodhisattva-like Avatars
mated with their charges, and the blood of the Pure Ones
was mixed with that of humanity. From that wild blood,
which spread across Africa, Central America, Europe and
Asia, came those who today follow the path ofshapeshifting
through magical manipulations of the body."

Living Time: Visions

Minnaloushe creeps through the grass
Alone, important and wise,
And lifts to the changing moon
His changing eyes.
—W.B. Yeats, "The Cat and the Moon"
She stretched her rippling muscles and stood,
jaws gaping as she caught their scent on the wind.
They would be here soon, tracking her
Beastwoman they called her. Man-eater. Pan-
ther-goddess. Still, for all their cleverness, they did not know
which woman she might be. She entered the sliding shadows of
the jungle. Her green-gold eyes changed as her dark-vision found
focus. The purity of her grace, her insistent hunger, and the
thrill-fear of the hunt merged into an ecstatic whole. I am the
divine huntress, her inner voice said, and we are one. The blood
which caked her jaws bespoke the primordial, carnal nature she
had chosen to embrace.

The beaters moved through the forest, clashing spears and
whirling chewed leather noise-makers. They hoped to drive her
before them so the warriors of the tribe could battle her on ground
of their choosing. She leapt upward along a slanted branch and
disappeared into the lower canopy. As they passed beneath her,
she snuffled, tasting their blood scent and sweat. The clashing
hurt her sensitive ears. Annoyed, she clawed at the branch.

As the chief tracker stopped and examined the claw marks
on the slanted branch, she focused her will and began the
transformation. By the time two of the warriors began climbing
the tree, spears thrust before them, she was a glorious flash of
color ascending on new wings. By the time they reached the

branch where she had lain in wait for them, she was back at the
e stood tall, lithe and proud, while

river with the other women
her changing eyes laughed.

maria?" Talien was waving a hand in front of her
face as the others stared curiously. "Are you alright?"

No, I'm not alright, she wanted to scream. My perfect
panther body, my wings, they are gone! I am here, alone. | am
deformed. No primitive voice sings within me. She hunched
over and tried to hide her back against a pillow.

"I'm fine," she answered.

"Well,
time I've ever knocked someone out at the very start of a

ome people say I'm boring, but that's the first

lesson!" Talien smiled. But his eyes spoke to hers and said,
"1 know you, panther-goddess. I see the truth of you that
you do not yet know.

Aileen stroked her hand and whispered, "If you don't
feel well, we could do this another time."

Kamaria nodded, touched by her kindness.

Takoda stared at her. She hada vision, he thought. Does
she know how lucky she is?

"If we're through coddling her, can we get on with
this?"

Jon glared at Deborah. "Were you born a bitch or did
you have to take lessons?" he asked. Teague strummed a

note on his harp and said, "To continue..."

The Roots

T heard an old voice say
‘Don't go far from the land
The seasons have their way

No mortal can understand.'

— Loreena McKennitt, "Courtyard Lullaby"

"To continue. From the blending of Pure Ones and
humanity came the Wyck. The Wyck, who could bend fate
and shape life to their choosing, were the first, Primordial

Vv

tbena. Great shaman who needed neither food nor

ep, who didn't know death, and who could heal afflic-
tions with a touch, the Wyck often wandered into a human
encampment, stayed a few days, and left again to live apart
It was said that those who crossed them died soon thereaf-
ter. Verbena tradition holds that the Wyck brought the
gifts of fire, planting, wine, calendars and even written
language to humanity

In the civilizations of Sumer and Egypt, and later in
Athens, Rome and Constantinople, fertility religions arose.
Known as mystery cults, most had similar stories or com-
mon threads. These stories told of life, death, and rebirth or
renewal which bespoke a kind of immortality. In Egypt, Isis
gathered the severed parts of Osiris to restore him to life; in
Greece, Dionysus' death and rebirth as the son of the
fertility goddess Semele sparked an orgiastic cult in which
wild dancing, overindulgence of every kind, and free-
flowing drink led to an inevitable "re-creation." Children
born nine months after these revels were considered to be
under Dionysus' special blessing.

I spoke of Demeter and Persephone''s story that ex-
plained the renewal of Spring. The Romans honored Cybele,
a fertility goddess associated with the moon, change and
flux. She had three aspects — Maiden, Mother and Hag
and her counterpart, the god, changed as well. He won the
hand of the Maiden and became her consort, then was
sacrificed and his body laid out by the Hag. Finally, he was
reborn as a son to the Mother from his union with the
Maiden. In those days magick was not yet confined, so who
is to say the stories were not true, the god-beings not real?
Who is to say that sacrifices made to those gods in times of
scarcity did not work some sympathetic magick to bring
back the sun from its winter sleep or revitalize the earth
with living blood?

eee

She crumbled the clods of earth between her fingers and
looked up at the elder. The people stood patiently, just at the
edges of the field. Holding their pouches of seeds and their
planting sticks, they awaited the decision of the priestesses

The elder extended a hand and helped her stand. "You
know what must be," she said.

The younger woman nodded her head, and they walked
to the people

bac!

lot today," the elder said, motioning them to disperse

Chapter One 19


euaqla A 02

"yerogaq,
paysnus ,(91e9 | [Je 10y [Je Wayp [PF Ue nod ‘Aqy,,

«Pea I Ng ‘9]qLIOY

spunos 11 ‘ueaw | "owT) ay Ie a]qQIsUAs Os pawtaas 3] "YsNoIp

& pua o1 ‘or pey | ‘puegsny Aur parry ],, "Surpeys sear

ays "paradsrym asowye uaapty ,"NOA 8,11 MOWY NOA ang Jas

-ano4 2,Uaze NOA UDYA Wea4p v UT dV] "sJashur Mes],

"ay punoze une Sul0jWOD

ev and 02 paaow ansea] "asnasip ul payous yeroqaq ‘anssia

aoe} Jay UMOP UeI sIRay,
suieains & Aq pamol]o} sear Jaiysne] pazesd s.uaayry

e Jay papuey Apuayis uate yp

eee
[pPf 01 uv8aq ums pun Kys ay) ssoxsw payou
Japunyn sp adam pu yauy way) ‘paynv] pun pasuvp urwom
payoueap-pooq 2y.1 "splay 2y2 paiwununyy 1431) Suspuyg
und say pauva1gs pun Suns pun passod ays yuna Cuors
2y1.420( "punoad ssajafty ay2 1200 poog ay2 papyuuds puv paouvp
ays ‘Kpuasanay "sppeyf 2y2 01 uns pun pooyg 10y ay) fo 1soW
1y8nv9 poy yorym jmog ay padspid ays "poo|g s,pungsny xay pur
Lupy umoug ‘3Uo) Aay wi KJuo po} ‘asoa ssarsaud BuNok ay.
"un
uayp ‘20u0 paysyys pun afiuy pon aya ya1of paynd ays ‘4ay ways
22s sty paLLand mou ays yp 4ay por yo13DUE Lay Way ‘parfsnvs
spm ay wef ays uy "2Uvp IUAIIUD ay] UI UO sv panout
sarpog 4104) Sv ‘s4ay ynim papsunu wens sty Sunsvi ‘Kpog pajasnut
sty Suop spuvy say Suruuns ‘way or wry padsojo ays -2ysiu
IY) ano] s,AaOW, ayn pamwgajed umifarya puv ssarsaud ‘Kop
ay) moysnoayy Suypou yunup puv uawe poy Koy y3noy_L
aBpyia ay) 01 pausmian
Kay ‘uonvunuarap Kq payout som punof ays ssaupos aya wya
payfsuvs spa ays uayy\ "sSuyaaf say fo sudis 40f aovf s,uvwom
4aBunos ay) payravas dapya ay] ,, "Wary 4oucy sKvayp 71M J,
panunuo unwom sap] ayp ,, ‘nok 0 pungsny poos v pu,
pandas ays ,Uos anot st 244,
Une atuf v st aE, ‘pros pur
ssarsaud sa8unok ay 01 pauuna sapye aya ‘auo8 soos ay Uay Ay
Dad Ano avay ppm saysoyy ay sdoysag °kopor 41m pup
poof moysim 08 jo asnu am my way 1122 ]]1™ |, "_Pappou 2}

« Rp] Waaq aavy am
pun ‘ayoyy ay? 01 SyuPys am' r0U aavy ayy *Kpaacd 001 U22q
aavy ap\,, ‘Paydar ays ,,‘20upng ays rasdn spy Sunpawog,,

YON,
ssasaud ape ay or pain uay ‘au08 poy

aqdoad sty jun panna apy "undo apy v poors umifaryo ay 1
uo mau D 40f youvas pup
awoy x12y2 uopungn 01 poy Kays fr uoos mouy 01 paau pmnom Kay.
Kquvau spuod pur suvasas yam ‘maf aya parsnvyxa 1s0wp
poy Say, "Suuaynm pun umoag jp azam png 01 uv8aq wys sdo19
maf ay pun saysng ‘seu pup sspary "Suuds yo Cys aya pasoaoa
pry spnopo ou ‘anak sy} "Kava aun sums Suuds aya Kons)
Buo] 002 wwf 40f aumsiow moynm um] poy pur} ay "wos
puas 01 ssappory ayn 01 sav yomb v apmw ssarsoud sa3unok

aya ‘Cys ang 4029 ays I azv¥ on 49q pooy 49y Sunt


Kamaria ventured, "That's what happened to me. Like
a dream, but not a dream."
‘aid Takoda.

Jon stared at Deborah, silently daring her to say any-

"A vision,"

thing more, but she gave him a superior smile and leaned
back.

"Don't be too surprised at your reactions," soothed
Talien. "You may be beginning to commune with your
Avatars and get glimpses of a sort of universal shared
consciousness, or you may be experiencing your past lives."

"Reincarnation?" asked Aileen.

"Why not? Not too long ago, you didn't believe in
magick either. Also, don't underestimate the power of a
true bard. There are certain harmonic frequencies and
voice tones which can cause visions or hypnotize a recep-
forward attentively.

The Shaping of the
Tree

With one wish we wake the will

tive subject." Takoda

Within wisdom.

— Dead Can Dance, "Song of Sophia"

"We were talking about fertility religions. Similar
themes can be found in the old religions of India, Central
America, and North America." Talien glanced at Takoda.
"Your Mother Earth, Father Sky, and Rainbow Woman, to
name a few, are all part of the same pattern. What is a rain
dance but a fertility rite? Who is the Mayan mai:
the Corn King, the consort of the Goddess?

god but

The Wyck raised their children to follow the path of
the Pure Ones. These mage:
Aeduna, were the priestesses and priests of their cultures.

whom the Tradition called

They were counsellors, midwives, healers, apothecaries,
astrologers, record-keepers, arbiters and philosophers: they
argued with Socrates and established the secret Bacchana-
lian blood cults and the Eleusinian mysteries. Through
their position in society, they held political as well as social
power, and their mystical abilities enabled them to influ-
ence long-term policy. Since royal blood was traced from

mother to child, and the Aeduna were the record-keepers,
they were able to prune a royal family tree or direct its seed
in a profitable direction.

At some point, the Dreamspeakers split from the
Verbena. Where we saw Life to be revered in all things,
Dreamspeakers saw the spirits of the natural and supranatural
world. Those of us among the Verbena who pray to the
Goddess pray to our inner vision of the creative and
destructive force of the Tellurian. When we use the Sphere
of Life, we manipulate the energies inherent in all living
things. To Dreamspeakers, the Goddess is but a greater
spirit and the life within living things proves that each is
inhabited by a spirit. It's a subtle difference, but an impor-
tant one.

Most Native Americans follow the way of the
Dreamspeakers. Almost all end up as shaman, medicine
men, or witch doctors. All of them have one thing in
common — they deal with the spirit world. Before the
Inquisition, the differences between Verbena and

Dreamspeaker were not always apparent, and even today,
there are strong ties between the two Traditions.

During the early dark ages, the Aeduna became wan-
derers, their old temples and ancient knowledge lost, their
political clout dwindled. They began teaching anyone who
had the barest glimmer of the Blood, spreading their knowl-
edge and wisdom through a runic system that served as a
guide for mnemonic enhancement. Despite these runes,
most knowledge was handed down orally through
lorekeepers.

Several Wyck had spent much time in what would
later become Scandinavia. During the Norse, Saxon and
Angle invasions of the area now known as France and
Britain, the Verbena's ancient Wyck roots were nourished
as Viking and Celtic beliefs, rituals, stories
merged. This mingling began long before the invasions

and practices

themselves; during the Roman occupation, many Aeduna
crossed the seas on both sides. When the cultures them-
selves crossed swords, long after the Romans had gone, the
roots of our Tradition were watered with blood..."

The sea lashed the coast, raging at the cliffs it could not
climb. He stood at the end of the promontory waiting for
inspiration. They would come soon. He must be ready. The
warriors were adorned. The rites had been performed. Weapons
lay close at hand. All was in readiness except for him

Gray skies lowered over him, flowing with the brisk, cold
wind. The smell of the coming storm overpowered the scents of
salt spray and sea wrack. He pulled his mantle closer and began
to chant.

The gray
ments of the stars towered over him. The wind whipped and

anding stones which served to tell of the move-

iiivashed about them and whispered teantations WG sighing
voice. Head bowed, he stood beneath the capstone in the center
of the circ
his head as thunder grumbled distantly.

Leaves blew around him and soft rain pattered on

"Thear you, old ones," he said quietly. "I know your
names and the patterns of your growing. I have learned the
ancient lore and the wisdom of my elders. I have studied the
battles and memorized the verses. Why can I not make my own?
They all depend on me, now. The old ones are all gone. The last
of the great druids has surrendered to death and I am the only
lorekeeper for my people. I am the last."

The young bard wept for a dying world, but when he came
down from the sacred stones, he smiled and touched the war-
riors' shoulders in reassurance. Moving to the king, the bard
blessed him. They were ready. From across the hills, they could
hear the enemy marching, clashing swords on shields as they
moved forward in their ordered rows.

cret

Chapter One 21


He gave the signal and the warriors started forward. He
moved ahead, and began to chant. As he saw the invaders, all
fear fell from him

In the old days, it often chanced that the strength of one
bard's verses was sufficient to cause the other to surrender or
agree toa truce withouta battle. These cowardly Romans didnot
know enough to send their own bard to meet him, so the
challenges could not be given properly. They lacked knowledge
of the old ways and profaned the ground upon which they
walked. The verses he hurled at the Romans blackened and felled
them as they marched. For every one he killed, another stepped
forward. Battle was joined, and he sang

We are the inheritors, the wise, the Aeduna

Into our hands Life has been given

We, who know the seasons

We, who guard the secrets

Our learning is as old as earth and sea

We are fire and water, earth and air

Our blood is of the sacred Blood of the Wyckcae.

We shall spill blood this day, ours and our enemy's

Blood

Blood which is water

Water in the ocean

Ocean-birthed life

Life that lives

In blood.

His ecstasy ended as the short, broad sword pierced his
heart

eee

Teague gasped and sat forward. The sheer power of the
vision both repulsed and thrilled him. Deborah stood up
and headed for the door.

"Call me when we get back to business," she said
Aileen patted Teague's back. Kamaria squeezed his hand

Jon shrugged apologetically. "Wonder who's next?" he
said.

"| will be," Takoda breathed, so quietly that no one
heard his wistful longing

Talien stood up. "That's it for now," he said. "Youneed
time to digest what you've heard. We'll meet again tomor-
row

They gathered in his room the next morning. Kamaria
smiled at Deborah and said, "I've been thinking about my
vision, and you know what?"

"Do you think you're speaking to someone who cares
what you think?" asked Deborah

Kamaria continued, "I said, do you know what? I don't
like yourattitude, girl. Lay your tongue on me again and you
just might find you've caught hold of a panther. Fair
warning. o

Jon looked both surprised and pleased.

Talien stood up, "Enough." he said. "We have things
to do. If you have difficulties with one another, leave them
outside this room...

The Melding of the Arts

Trees so tall and proud
Forest so grand
How much longer will they stand
Will they stand
Maire Brennan, "Voices of the Land"
Back to history. We ended with the merging of the
So. There was a sharing of old knowledge with new

Hermetic influences from Rome and Greece and the highly
ordered Qabbalistic influences of the Hebrew peoples
merged with the Verbena craft.

The result of this exchange of wisdom was that the
Aeduna and the Wyck merged to form the Wyckcae of
Italy, Spain, the Holy Roman Empire, France, Britain and
Ireland. All across the land the shared wisdom of the runes,
the forms, the spells, the charms that had been passed down
for generations now were given to a new kind of Verbena
— the old wise woman in the woods who offered herbs for
sicknesé and who drove away dark faeries, the cunning man
who knew songs for the hunt and could carve arrows

straight so they would pierce deep. Like the Wyck, these

wise people knew about healing and life. Like the Aeduna,
they were midwives, record-keepers, rememberers and ar-
biters. Many more traditions sprang up as magick grew and
changed and adapted to new environments. We developed
several disciplines of magic, which would later be called
‘Sphere

Forces, Matter, Mind, Prime, and Correspon-

dence were all important, but we were most concerned with

Life, for without Life, none of the others are possible."

The tree towered above him, its gnarled roots trailing down the
embankment like grasping fingers. He washed himself in the clear
pool that fed its roots. He lay back in the shallow water and gazed
at the entertwining branches overhead. They stretched and yearned
in all directions. Absently, he picked up an acorn which had fallen
into the pool and thought, "I have not felt this young in many
seasons."

When he felt cleansed and at one with the world, he stepped
from the pool. The attendants were there to drape soft cloth about
his body. A simple robe was all he needed. He held the acorn as he

walked toward the sacred grove, weighing its life potential. Smiling

he let it drop, whispered "May you arise to shade my son," and
entered the grove

His brothers were waiting for him. Moving forward, he
clasped them in turn, greeting and thanking each for attending
the festival. They sat. Each took a barley cake, symbolic of the
bounty of the land, and ate it. They washed it down with barley
beer, then all stood and formed a circle

Inthe center of the circle, the great oak, lifetree of the tribe,
held reign. At the tree's foot a young man, strong-limbed and


handsome, thrashed in the throes of fever and cried out as the
wise ones came near.

He knelt down beside the young man and placed a hand
upon his brow. "Be still, my son," he said, "You will not suffer
long now." He turned to the others. "I am ready."

They tied the rope about his neck and threw the other end
over a sturdy branch. He looked at his brethren for the last time
‘or the life of my son," he said and closed his eyes. They pulled
the rope until he hung from the tree; they then chanted for the
renewal of life. As he jerked and kicked, two grabbed his flailing
arms and slashed them with their sickles. His lifeblood ran down,

shattering the wise ones, the tree and his son. As the blackness
took him, he thought he saw a golden light streaming from his
own body to the body of his son. Content that his sacrifice would
be enough, he whispered one word; "Awaken."

Jon opened his eyes when Aileen poked him. "Fall
asleep?" she asked

"Was it another vision?" asked Takoda. Jon nodded

"So why aren't you screaming like everybody else?"
Deborah asked. Takoda scowled at her. "Do you never
think of anything but pain?" he asked. She looked away

"1 was a willing sacrifice. Somehow, I was transferring
my life to my son, who was dying. But it was symbolic too."

"Do not," said Takoda. "The vision is yours. You must

gue asked, "Do you want to tell us the whole story?"

interpret it and use it to guide your life."

Kamaria nodded her agreement. "Keep it for yourself

If there is a need to share it, tell it to us then."

Talien smiled. "You're learning." he said. "Even within
the Verbena, there are secrets we all keep. We don't all
agree with or confide in one another. Even within cabals
there are personality clashes, and no one but a fool gives

away all her secrets. That said, let's continue..

The Burning

When will I see

An end to destruction and woe

— Clannad, "Anam"

During the Inquisition, the Wise were nearly wiped
out. There were only five covens left after the Burning
Times. Two of those were Gardeners, the others split off
and formed the other Circles. One such, the Twisters of
Fate, were a radical fundamentalist group that went back to
the Ti
Wyck. To save the Tradition, the Verbena finally began
Awakening Sleepers who were not of the old Blood

dition's Primordial roots. They had help from a

As the church gained more converts and power, the
Verbena were forced underground. Before the Burning
Times, if someone accused a neighbor of witchcraft, the
burden of proof was on the accuser. Also, before the church
equated Herne the Hunter, or Cerrunos the Stag, with the
devil, no one had any reason to condemn someone for

24 Verbena


beinga witch. That just meant she was a pagan ora Goddess
worshipper, and might be able to brew herbal remedies or
make the cow start giving milk again. Though they had lost
their position as spiritual leaders of the people, the Verbena
were still highly respected as healers, herbalists, midwives,
and experts in agricultural matters.

The Burning Times let loose a horror of false accusa-
tion, torture and death unlike anything even dreamed of by
the old ones who had practiced blood sacrifice as a sacred
ritual. The blame for this goes to the Order of Hermes and
their ‘grand experiment' of living openly in covenants.
Splits within the Order led to practices that convinced the
church that all mages were demon worshippers. We blame
their folly for bringing the Inquisition down on us, but save
our greatest contempt for the Celestial Chorus, who in
their arrogance ignored the death cries of their fellow
mages. Many Verbena went to the gallows or the flames to
protect others from persecution. Other victims of the fires
were simple people who knew nothing of magick, but had
angered a neighbor or owned land the church could steal
after it had condemned them for heresy and witchcraft

eee

Though the pain had mercifully receded, her head still swam.
Was she floating? Mayhap her tormentors had the right of it; she was
a thing accursed. The coarse shift slid over her still-bleeding body
where the lash had torn her flesh. Her crushed fingers throbbed in
sympathy and she awoke enough to realize she was being carried.
She felt the fear and hatred of those who had gathered to bear witness

to her death

She had once believed the Inquisitors would come to
understand that she was innocent. But long since then she had
despaired of telling the truth and confessed to whatever they
wished to hear. They said she was a witch and would hear
nothing else. She had never imagined that such pain and
indignity could be inflicted upon her. In the end she had signed
their foul confession. She would have signed anything. When she
recanted, they had raped and tortured her again until she made
anew confession. In her agony and delirium, she knew she had
named others — equally innocent — now doomed as she was

The stake loomed ahead. Piles of wood lay around it,
awaiting the torch to set them alight. The hooded one stood
nearby. Set upon her broken feet, she would have fallen had not
the hooded man put a hand out to steady her. He lifted her
upward to the stake and bound her hands behind it. He pulled a
rope around her legs and locked the chains across her, binding her
firmly.

The grim Inquisitor who had broken her body read her death
sentence; "For that this woman hath been found guilty of
witchcraft and consorting with Satan and the demons of Hell,
and whereby she hath recanted her confession and refused
absolution, then do we condemn her to that flame which shall
consume her soul forever. Amen."

Had she recanted again? She couldn't remember. She thought
for a moment on the evil of those who would condemn the gifts of
the old ones. The flames were kindled, and the crackling fires rose

all about her. Her screams mingled with the roar of the flames as her
skin blackened and burst, showering her with her own lifeblood. Her
eyes bumnedin their sockets. As the ropes which bound her hands and
feet bumed through, she danced in wailing agony

Held fast by the chains of ignorance and greed which bound
her to the stake, Deborah shrieked her agony and rage.

Deborah lay on Talien's bed. Panting. Shaking. Dry
eyed. Never again, she vowed. The others stood over her,
their white faces showing shock. She smelled burnt hair,
and noted with some surprise that Rhianna was there as
well. Crackling bolts of energy radiated from Rhianna's
fingers and eyes. Everyone except Talien stayed well away.
Even he was careful not to touch the bed where Deborah
lay.

"Why are you here?" Deborah croaked. Her whole
body ached. She realized Talien was holding her hand.
Now that she could track her surroundings, she saw scorches
on the wall and felt soggy blankets under her.

"What...?" She looked to Rhianna. Rhianna frowned
at Talien. The energy bolts gained power and zapped out
toward him. He leaned away.

"Our bard has many powers," Rhianna began, "not
least among them the power of sug;
yourself somewhere else, didn't you?"

estion. You imagined

Deborah swallowed painfully. Her lungs still seemed
blackened from the smoke. "What did I do?"

"You set yourself on fire," Talien mumbled.

Deborah shook from the memory of the flames, but
said nothing.

Rhianna spoke; "I believe you have an old soul and a
powerful Avatar, Deborah, but one that was horribly and
painfully denied its time in your past life. Perhaps that is why
you are so negative in this one. You lash out; you destroy. |
hope you can learn and grow this time around. We will do all
we can to help you reach Ascension. For now, Talien and Jon
will carry you to your room. You need to rest."

The priestess shooed everyone out, saying, "Tomor-
row, Talien will finish your history lessons." She looked at
the young bard and added, "Without the visions, Talien.
Understood?" Subdued, he nodded. She didn't see Takoda's

face.

Rebirth

The group met again the next morning in the kitchen.
All were quiet and thoughtful.

"We won't go into too much more detail," Talien said,
"Especially since I'm pretty sure most of you know a lot of
the rest...

"Okay, here it is. During the Renaissance and the Age
of Reason, the Verbena formed many secret groups and re-
established family traditions. In many cases, Verbena were
lost to the Tradition as they gathered into family groups

Chapter One 25


rather than covens. Even today, there are still people who
discover their heritage when they attend a Wiccan cer-
emony orstumble upon descriptions of "superstitions" their
family has kept alive for centuries. Many Mythic Threads,
thos

ties to the mythic world which mages protect and

keep alive, were allowed to slip during this era because of
the secrecy engendered by the fear of persecution. Scien-
tific knowledge gained ascendancy as old myths and legends
were "disproven." As the memory of the Burning Times
grew dim, Verbena became more bold, remaining secret but

growing powerful again. Many still believe that Protestant-
ism was the Verbena's strike against the Celestial Chorus
(though no one will admit it). On the plus side, Verbena
didn't have to work very hard to understand how to do
coincidental magick: we'd been working ‘behind the scene:
After all, simple things like the gifts of fire,
agriculture and writing have affected humanity in a major
way.

for centurie:

During the Industrial Revolution, the Verbena real-
ized their secrecy had cost them the war for reality, and that
the Technocracy was on its way to making the world unfit
for living beings. Modern Verbena could see the value in
some technological devices and had no trouble incorporat-
ing sanitation, vaccinations, indoor plumbing and other

conveniences. To them, the question was not whether

technology itself was evil, but whether it was used to
promote life or to degrade and destroy it. Many Verbena
fled the Gardeners of the Tree because they couldn't hold
to such rigid traditions any longer. This led to a fracture
between the Gardeners and all the other Circles thats still
healing tod:

Many of us have found places within the ranks of
various occult groups. Gardenerian (as distinct from our
Gardeners of the Tree) and Alexandrian Wiccan groups,
the Rosicrucians, the Order of the Golden Dawn, Dianic
Godde:
crystalmancers, holistic healers, Native American medi-
cine societies, African witch doctors, Tantric practitioners,
Chinese herbalists, and even the Masons have had Ver-

ss worshippers, modern Druids, New Agers,

bena among them at various times.

Today we are hunted by the Technocracy. Their view
of reality has become so entrenched that whenever we use
our magick openly, we are assaulted by Paradox. Disbelief
is a powerful force; try conjuring a dragon in a subway
station if you don't believe me. Still, we make inroads. We
plant seeds of ideas and let them germinate. We work for
environmental concerns, hoping we can save enough to
bring about a new Mythic Age. Some among us claim we
will never succeed until we all agree to a set way of doing
things; I say diversity is good for us.

The sun is shining. The snow is melting. Go outside.
I'm through talking."


The others drifted out. Takoda still sat at the tabl "I guess I'll have to settle for what I do have." Takoda
staring at his hands. tried to smile as he stood up. "Afterall, [can see health, and

"Despite what she said, I can't do it for you." Talien I need no vision to teach me that." He nodded to Talien
spoke quietly. and went outside

"It isn't your fault. The lack is in me." Takoda sighed, The bard watched until Takoda, whose name means
"I couldn't even see visions the time I tried peyote." "friend to them all," was lost to view.

"I'm sorry." There was true regret in Talien's voice



the

Fields
Beltaine Eve

v

Bonfires dot the rolling hillsides

Figures dance around and around

To drums that pulse out echoes of darkness

Moving to the pagan sound
Loreena McKennitt, "All Souls Night"

Lindara is perfect, Kamaria decided. From
Jon's and Takoda's reactions, she guessed
they thought so too. Lindara's graceful body,
evident health and exotic features compelled
attention. It didn't hurt that she was dressed
in top-flight gothic punk gear

"The others are busy preparing for the
rite. I'm going to explain a few things about

us that you might not have picked up on yet."

"Like what?" asked Jon. He seemed nervous.

"Well, I'm notsure you've been told what the Verbena
try to accomplish nowadays. Do you know about the
factions within the Verbena? Has anyone mentioned the
tenth Sphere?"

"Tenth Sphere?" Teague looked intrigued
"You're jumping ahead. I'd rather start with what the
Verbena do, rather than what we are."

Deborah spoke, "We know what we are, we've been

told at great length. Can't we skip the history of paganism
thing and get to the party?"
Lindara smiled; "Sure, go ahead." She motioned to-
ward the door.
Deborah hesitated for a moment, then, afraid to back
down, got up and left. The others looked at the floor or each

other. Teague shook his head.
If she doesn't want to know what | can teach her, I'm

not going to force her to learn. Screw her, she'll make it or

she won't. The rest of you, listen.

Chapter Two

Influence: Mythic
Threads

Pass the word

Pass the ladle

Pass the plate to all who hunger

Pass the wit of ancient wisdom

Pass the cup of crimson wonder

—Jethro Tull, "Cup of Wonder"

In the Mythic Age, magick helped shape the world.
Our wills created whatever our minds could conceive. The
Technocracy changed all that. The other Traditions have
a skewed picture of what we want. They think we're trying
to bring back the Mythic Age. They're wrong. Let me set
the record straight.

The Verbena aren't interested in bringing back the
Mythic Age...that wouldn't be productive. We do want to
establish a new Mythic Age in our own paradigm. It's
important to guard and defend old Mythic Threads, since

they're the seeds for the new ones. We believe that they're
still there, but if no one remembers what they once were,
there's no way to recreate them. The Gardeners of the Tree
are the most fanatical guardians of the old Threads. My own
group, the Lifeweavers, believe we can empower the Mythic

Th

them to fruition.

4s by finding them within ourselves and bringing

Verbena influence can be seen in the rising popularity
of crystals, tarot cards, faeries, psychics, vampires, were

wolves and medieval fantasies. The Syndicate makes

c

shitloads of money from thes s, but they do so at the

expense of their Technocratic brethren (which plays into
our hands nicely). Of course, the things the
are diminished. Sleepers rarely encounter the truth behind

y commercialize

most of the occult and fantasy items they purchase. None-
theless, enough of them believe in such things — or wish
they believed in them — that our desired reality is never
wholly destroyed or forgotten.

E

today is important to building a new reality. We fight for

ery instance of a true Mythic Thread in existence

them all, hoping they'll blossom into an anchor for our
reality. For example, ifa unicorn was discovered sleeping in
some remote area, we'd send as many initiates as we could
to guard it and lead it to one of our Horizon Realms. By the
way, this does mean the Verbena are a little close to being
Marauders, but I guess that sort of goes without saying.
There aren't an awful lot of us, and we don't tend to
show off our power. Most of us find flashy magick distaste-
ful, although we'll use a vulgar magick effect if we have to.
Our way of doing things is to conceal our movements and
link our principles to compatible ideas proposed by others.
The Verbena managed to turn the Pharmacopeist's birth
control pill into something that empowers women; we
continually work to ensure that women have control over

30 Verbena


their own bodies. Our spies within Technocracy laborato-
ries warn us of impending moves and will one day use their
positions to destroy the Technocracy's stranglehold over
medicine. Along with our allies, we war against those who
destroy the earth. Any questions?"

Festivals

"I'd like to know a little more about Verbena society
and meetings," Aileen asked.

Jon absently put his arm around Kamaria's shoulders
and seemed surprised when she flinched. "Stop that. There
is nothing wrong with you," he whispered fiercely. She
slowly relaxed as Lindara began speaking again...

"Verbena still organize themselves around the Wheel
of the Year. Once it was purely agricultural — having to do
with the seasons and harvest. Now it's as much symbolic as
anything, though the Gardeners of the Tree, the Moon-
Seekers, and some of the Twisters of Fate might disagree

with me. We have a number of meeting times which
correspond to old pagan festivals.

You might expect me to begin at the beginning of the
year; we tend to think of starting at the end. Naturally!
We're mages, we don't have to do things logically. One of
the Gardeners talked about it once in terms of "working."
He said in order to perform a magickal working upon
something or someone, you first had to clear out the old
garbage. You don't make a dancing circle without clearing
out the sticks and stones that might bruis
and you don't start the new year or begin a new work
without bidding goodbye to the old one. Besides, it's all
circular anyway. The end is the beginning. For whatever
reason, we begin by ending, so we begin with Samhain.

someone's feet,

Samhain is held on October 31st, which most people
call I
calls himself Sam Haine, the word is from Gaelic and is
actually pronounced "sah-vun." Originally, it was one of
the four great fire festivals that marked the year. Though
it's a nature festival, it's also the time when the veil
between the worlds of the living and the dead is thinnest.
The Verbena believe strongly in reincarnation, in the cycle
of birth, death and rebirth, and we look during this time of
year for the rebirth of one or more of the old ones, the Wyck
who first shared the blood of the Pure Ones. That's why we
traditionally search for apprentices at Samhain. Those who
can't attend the Great Gathering keep the festival in their
own circles. We're always doubly on guard at Samhain as
well, since our enemies know it is one of our most important
gatherings. If you Awaken and become a part of us, you will
be taught the way to Winter Castle, one of the four secret
Verbena Horizon Realms, so you may celebrate with us
there.

jalloween. Despite the spelling and the Verbena who

Winter Solstice occurs on December 21st or 22nd.
This is a time of new beginnings, time to introduce our new
apprentices to our Tradition. We invest our hopes for the

future and for the preservation of the ancient Mythic
Threads in our new apprentices. Winter Solstice is usually
aminor meetingtime for us unless we have new apprentices
to welcome.

Imbole and Candlemas are both held in February.
Imbolc is celebrated on February Ist and Candlemas on the
2nd. These are other fire festivals, revolving around the re-
awakening of the earth after the winter. We also see this
time as the re-awakening of knowledge and of dormant
Mythic Threads. At Imbolc, many honor the Maiden, the
first aspect of the goddess, who bears within her the seeds
planted the previous Beltaine. It is a time to share our
Tradition's history with apprentices. Imbolc serves as an-
other of our major meetings. Spring Cottage Horizon
Realm is open to those Verbena who can find their way to
it.

The Vernal Equinox, which usually occurs on March
21st or 22nd, is a minor festival. This is the time when dark
and light share the day equally. Usually we meet to cel-
ebrate with one another. If there is great need or unfinished
work from our Imbole meeting, we get back together in a
prearranged place to discuss things at this time.

Beltaine, the festival we're here to celebrate tonight, is
also known as May Eve. It falls on April 30th and is the
third great fire festival of our calendar. This is the time
when the Young Lord fights the old one for the Maiden's
hand. He then plants the seeds within the Maiden which
will come to fruition at Imbolc. Beltaine is a time for

ridding oneself of a problem by taking something that
symbolizes the problem and throwing it into the fire. It's a
time for overcoming obstacles that we've inadvertently
placed in our own paths. Beltaine is our time for letting
intuition rule. The word "intuition" means inner tuition, or
self teaching, and we work to find strands of the Mythic
Threads buried inside ourselves at this time of year. This
meeting is usually held at Summer Grove, our third Hori-
zon Realm.

Summer Sol
meeting, usually held only among circle members. The
modern Druids feel differently, and meet at Stonehenge for
the Summer Solstice. This is the longest day of the year,
and it marks the inexorable turn of the wheel back to the
second half of the year.

tice, on June 21st, is another minor

Lammas or Lughnasad falls on August Ist or 2nd, and
is the fourth great fire festival of the year. It's a harvest
celebration, the time when we assess what we have accom-
plished during the preceding months. Lammas is usually
the time we harvest what we have wrought in our appren-
tices. It's a time for Awakening their Avatars and initiating
them into the Tradition. It is a most important meeting,
since the Verbena make plans for the future at Lughnasad.
Autumn Circle, the last of the hidden Horizon Realms, is
used for this meeting.

Chapter Two 31


The Autumnal Equinox, which falls on the 22nd or
23rd of September is another time of equality. The sun loses
the darkness overtakes it and the days
shorten. Circles often schedule meetings to discuss upcom-
ing events at the Autumnal Equinox. Traditionally, it
served as a festival to mark the last of the harvest and clear
the ground for the spring planting. I like to think of it as a
time to dispense with old business and clear away dead
wood.

its potency, as

That brings us back around to Samhain and the wan-
ing of the year again. We've followed the wheel of the year
as it turned, but we haven't returned to the place where we
began. We've changed and grown and learned all during
the year.

Lindara looked at her watch. "Just about right as far as
the timing goes. The celebration is about to start. I'll see
you all outside.
comfortable."

I want to change into something more

Challenge

Deborah clutched the butcher knife she had stolen from the
kitchen. Humiliated and angry at being so easily dismissed,
hating them all, but wanting desperately to belong, she had
retreated to the barn. Unbidden tears dripped down her face as
she used the knife to cut shallow lines across her wrists. MAYBE
T SHOULD JUST KILL MYSELF, she thought. Hunched in the straw,
Deborah cut patterns, runes of power Mother Celene had taught
her. She licked the blood from one wrist, while drawing a
wavering circle of blood with the other. If she only knew whether
she wanted to make herself popular, to punish the others or to
become powerful, she might be able to work magick. Within her
something snarled, demanding its freedom. She washed away
the coagulating blood with her tears. Not YET, she thought...

The fire leapt and crackled. Sky-clad dancers imitated
the flickering movements, flowing around the circle. Each
cast a small bundle into the fire, jumping and shouting as
the flames consumed the packages. Kamaria moved as well
as her crippled spine allowed, longing to feel again the
power she had known asa panther-woman. They had given
herachaplet of flowers and she wished she could be graceful
enough to wear it with honor.

Suddenly he was by her side, rough hand at her waist,
hot body pressed against her, trapping her next to him, his
horned head towering above her. She looked around for
help. No one else noticed, or made a move to help her.

His hot breath tickled her ear; "You are the one. |
choose you as my mate. You of the humped back and the
dancing eyes." She tried to pull away. "Why do you resist
me?" he asked. "Did you not come here hoping to be
chosen?1 see beyond that which you despise in yourself. Did
you not know that in the elder days, such as you were

32 Verbena

thought to be great seers and wise ones? You are not cursed,
but gifted." He spun her in the air, catching her effortlessl

The others had stopped and stood watching them.
They still made no move to help. Perhaps they did not
know she wanted to resist.

"Help me!" she screamed. Aileen started toward her,
but was pulled back by a member of the circle Kamaria
didn't know. She couldn't see Takoda or Deborah across
the glow of the fire. Teague looked as though he would help
her, but two men stopped him. Jon was nearest. No one
stopped him as he ran across the clearing to her.

"Put her down," he commanded her captor.

"I will fight you for her," came the reply. Jon studied
the man's bulging muscles and hoped speed and agility
could win the battle for him.

"No, he'll kill you!" Kamaria shouted at Jon. Privately,
Jon agreed with her assessment.

"I don't think so," he said.

The horned stranger put Kama
her attempts to scratch his eyes and knee him in the groin.
Two women placed hands on her shoulders and led her
aw

‘a down, shrugging off

The men circled, searching for openings. Jon fought
defensively, luring his larger opponent closer to the fire.
The stag man moved after him. After several backwards
movements, Jon rushed in and punched the stag man in the
abdomen. The stag man swung a fist and clipped Jon on the
side of the head. Jon's blow seemed to have no effect. The
other's fist knocked Jon back. Wondering if his jaw was
broken, Jon moved farther out of reach. He almost fell over
alarge hummock of grass. Keeping his eyes on the stag man,
he carefully stepped around it.

The stag man raced forward, clearing the hummock
with an impressive leap and landing on the far side of it
face-to-face with Jon. "Stay where you are. Do not run from
me again," he commanded.

Jon straightened up from his crouch and faced his
death. The stag man started to move toward Jon.

Deborah sprang up out of the covering of leaves and
grass that both men had taken for a hummock. "Bastard!
You goddamned bastard! This is just the same as every-
where else," she screamed. Slashing with the butcher knife
she had considered using on herself earlier, she hamstrung
the stag man's left leg. He screamed as he fell, dark blood
spurting.

"Deb, no!" Jon rushed forward and just managed to pull
Deborah off the stag man before she gutted him. The others
moved toward them as the stag man thrashed in pain.

Jon stood before the fallen stag man; "Get up and fight
me."

"I cannot," came the pain-filled reply.

"Then you've lost and I claim the maiden for myself."
Did | just say that? he wondered.

"Ivis your right. I release her to you. May you have joy
in your union." The stag man sat up and placed his hands
on his wounded leg. As the flow of blood ceased, he seemed
to grow smaller. As his stature diminished, his muscles
flexed and changed, flowing to other areas of his body. His
features grew indistinct and he removed the horned cap
from his head. A moment later, Jon realized he was looking
down at Lindara, whosat in the grass massaging her leg. She
looked up at Deborah and said, half admiringly, "You really
are a bite h, aren't you?"

coe

When the others had left, Kamaria returned to the fire
and found Jon poking at the embers with a stick. She still
wore her chaplet

"Jon? I'm here."

"You don't owe me anything," he said, and laughed a
little; "I didn't even defeat him. Go kiss Deborah if you
want to reward the champion."

"I want to be with you."

"Here?"

"Here."

Removing her light robe, she folded herself down until
she was half lying in his embrace. He ran his hands over her,
even caressing her hump. He felt her tears drop onto his
hands as he pulled her around in front of him and gently
stroked her breasts.

"Tears," he said. "Don't tell me, they're the water of
life." She laughed and reached forward to cup him with her
hands. "I think I can find something that deserves the title
far more than tears," she teased. He gasped as her finger-
nails slid along his length. Moving her legs to lie atop his,
he pushed forward slightly. She maneuvered him inside
her. They moved together, hands, lips, and sex pulsing,
seeking, wanting, knowing.

Slick with perspiration, gasping, skins ruddy and at-

tuned to pain and pleasure, the Young Lord and the Maiden

danced the eternal, ever.changing renewal of life as the
Beltaine fire died.

Branches and Leaves

Never lose the faith

From your faded heart

Never lose desire

To break the chains

— Maire Brennan, "I Believe (Deep Within)"

They gathered in the living room after the Mayin;
dawn.

"I see we're all waiting for my entrance," boomed the
short, white-haired man as he sauntered in. His scrag;


m

beard was full of food particles from breakfast and a drop of

syrup had stained his shirt. "Good. I like attentive students.
My name isnone of your business, but you may call me Bear,
it being as good a name as any." He beamed at them

"Now before you bother me with questions, I'm getting
started. You've heard the Tradition's history, beliefs and
practices, but you don't know squat about the divisions.
Listen up...

There are four main groups or types of Verbena. Not
that there aren't about a zillion variations, but in general,
these four are pretty indicative of what we're about. Follow
me so far?

First there are the Gardeners of the Tree. They're
Pattern folk. You've learned about the four types of Ava-
tars, right? Well, the Verbena types sort of match those.
Simple, right? Anyway, the Gardeners feel that if youaren't
of the Pure Blood, you aren't a real Verbena. Of course,

those fools would have let the Tradition die out during the
Burning Times rather than sully their lily whites by taking
in non-blooded mages. They keep to the rules and try to
make everybody follow their structure. They'd have a fit if
meetings weren't held on the old festival days. Don't really
accept other types. Funny thing is, most of them are from
the old Aeduna. Got messed in with the Greeks and
Romans and stole a bunch of stuff from as
So they aren't as unsullied as the

rologers. Even
'd like to

erbena as a family tree, the

got into runi
believe. If you think of the V
probably the trunk.

re

The Twisters of Fate are sort of neoprimordials, if that
makes any sense. The first Verbena were primordial, in
touch with the original essence of everything. They were
the Wyck who shaped fate, life and civilization, and were
some serious healers. In a lot of ways, they were the ones
most associated with fertility goddess worship. More like
shaman than anything else. Some blended back in with the
Aeduna and probably gave those folks the notion they
should become the guardians of the Tree of Immortality. So
the Twisters of Fate are the roots of the tree. They split off
from the Gardeners, some say under the influence of one of
the original Wyck. For the most part, they're so secretive,
they don't get involved.

The Moon-Seekers are our Questing Avatars. Who
knows what they're into? They worry that the Pattern folk
don't accept them, and they seem inordinately concerned
with following the old ways. The old new ways, | mean. A

lot of them are Goddess worshipper

, some are just
s of Thor. Lots of them
work with crystals, some swear the chakras are the key to
everything, and I know of one gypsy fortuneteller who uses
palmistry and magick to discover illnesses in her customers.

neopagans. Some claim to be pries

One old man I know moves from town to town searching
out potential Verbena and marking them for our first-
contact people. They'te the fruits of the tree, the acorns, or
maybe the leaves.


Lastly, there's the Lifeweavers. They're the Dynamic
Avatars. They just plain don't give adamn whether anyone
accepts them or not. Always off on their own projects and
beliefs. Lifeweavers don't abide by tradition — they take
anyone as an apprentice and ignore the festivals and
meetings whenever they feel like it. A lot of them are
shifters. They alter themselves to have the best possible
body they can, to be the best dancer or climber or singer
there is. They claim they're trying to find the limit of what's
natural. Man, woman, child, dog, old, young, in between.
They don't care. I've always thought we should get them to

assume the shapes of some of our Technocracy enemies and
wreak havoc among the foe. Maybe they do, who knows?
They're the branches of the tree, moving out and away from
the rest of the Verbena, but still part of the whole.

Now don't get me wrong. Nobody gets locked into a
particular group just because of her Avatar. If you have a
Questing Avatar, there's no reason you can't join up with
the Pattern folk if you feel more comfortable with them
(assuming they accept you, of course). These are just
general divisions, and they're pretty broad categories. There
are other groups, too. Lots of them. Most are small circles

or cabals not linked to any of the larger groups. Those
include folks like Mother Celene's Avengers, the Druids of
the Glade, and the Bardic College. I see some of you belong
to those groups already, ot will once you've Awakened. It
possible to hold membership in one of the smaller groups

and still receive instruction from or have contact with a
larger one. Whatever keeps the Mythic Threads alive!
Next question."

"So, the main philosophy of the Verbena can be
summed up by saying they work to protect the Mythic
Threads?" asked Jon.

"Well, that's a part of it, but there's more to it than
that. Preserving Mythic Threads is a means the Verbena
use to achieve a reality modeled after their own conception
of what reality should be. Verbena seek Ascension through
a sort of tenth Sphere. That Sphere is Self. The Verbena
believe that knowledge of the Self can bring us to Ascen-
sion and can take others along with us. This isn't what the
Akashic Brotherhood mean when they experience their
innermost selves, because they're only talking about the
mind. Verbena view the entire Self as deity — mind, body,
lusts, experiences and all. It isn't self-glorification, but
becoming part of the All. Life in all its creation is guided by
the inner Self. ‘Do as thou wilt' isn't too far off the mark, but
the phrase should be ‘Be as thou wilt.' Alan Watts said, ‘the
outline of your body is the inline of the universe.' We don't
just stop being at the edge of ourselves, we fold into the space
around us, mold it to us, and are molded by it. We're part
of it all. When we understand that fully, we'll reach
Ascension, and when one Ascends, all may follow. That's
why the Verbena spend so much effort locating and train-
ing potential mages. The Ascendant Self may be one of

ted Virtual Adepts for all
I know. Of course, Verbena aren't letting them know that!

you. Or it may be one of the bla

If you don't understand all that, don't worry. Most of us
don't either." Bear laughed.

Teague broke in, "You mentioned that the Lifeweavers
will take anyone as an apprentice. How do the others
choose?"

"I think what you really want to know is ‘how were you
chosen" correct?"

"Yeah."

"There are four ways the Verbena choose apprentices.
They examine people touched by their Mythic Threads.
New agers, people who are already involved with magick in

some form — even if the magick they're studying is com-
plete bunk. Some Verbena choose based on a person's
Avatar. Some become Verbena by right of blood. Most of
those become Gardeners of the Tree, since the Gardeners
are the ones who trace the Wyckcan bloodlines through
generations. Lastly, some are chosen because they are in
pain. The pain might be physical, caused by some imbal-
ance or infirmity, but it might be mental or emotional.
Often c: ause they I
of blockage which prevents them from living a full life. You
can stop looking around at one another now. We can all

ndidates are chosen b ve some sort

pretty much figure out why each of you was chosen. The
reason you were picked doesn't matter any more. Learning
what the Verbena have to teach you and moving beyond
that are the important parts. Then of course, there are the

Lifeweavers. A lot of them choose an apprentice becaus

she's pretty or he has an interesting voice or because they

happen to be standing outside in the rain at 2 a.m. Nobody

can fathom why they choose someon

"What about the Horizon Realms? Where are the

What are they like?" Aileen asked, a bit dizzied by the
mage's rapid-fire ramble.

"PIL give you a little teaser, but you aren't really

supposed to know about them yet." Bear chuckled and

continued...

The Seasonal Realms

"You know that Horizon Realms are pockets of other
realities located in the Umbra. Well, the Verbena maintain
four semi-secret ones where they go to meet and conduct
the business of the Tradition. These particular four aren't
ones the Verbena created. They're fragments of the old
Mythic World, shards the Verbena found floating in the
Umbra and built on. Some say that Lilith placed them there

and keyed them to Verbena magick so no other Traditions
could reach them..."

"Lilith?" Teague interjected.

"Don't interrupt!"

"Sorry."

Bear continued: "The first one, Winter Castle, is a
small white medieval castle set in an idealized winter

Chapter Two 35


Verbena

landscape. You know the old line from Camelot about the
snow never starting until after sunset and stopping at
exactly the right height to be interesting rather than a
nuisance? Well, that's sort of what it's like. White ¢

rabbits roam around, squirrels chatter at you, winter roses

rand

twine around a boxwood maze, and a dark forest silvered

with snow hove:

s nearby. In the castle courtyard, there's an
old oak with bare branches. It's crimson red. Sometimes |
think that oak is the only color in the whole landscape.
Mostly though, it's all very pastoral and perfect. Of course,
you don't want to go off into the woods by yourself. They're
dark and full of secret things.

Spring Cottage is just that, a pretty little shingled
cottage set into the most wonderful garden imaginable.
Blooming and budding trees form a ring around the house
and shower people with petals when they walk beneath.
The smells there are marvelous! There are lots of little
animals there, too, and they all seem to be busy cooing at
one another and mating. It reminds me a little of Disney's
Fantasia. | swear I saw a centaur there once, but I was pretty
blasted at the time, so I may have imagined it. Of course, if
you imagine stuff while standing on top of a Node, who
t

knows what you might Also, there's the well. It's a

dank, overgrown thing that's utterly lightless at the bot-
tom. You can drop a light in, and it goes out. I've only
known one person to go down into that well, and he never
came back. Stay away from it unless you want to search out
the darkest part of yourselves

Summer Grove is a large grove of sacred oaks which
surround the biggest World Tree you've ever seen. There
isn't much more to this Realm than the grove itself, but it

spreads out and differentiates into birch and beech,

hawthorne, apple, elder, maple, even cherry trees. There's
a pond that has sleek, silvery fish in it and everything from
bears to chipmunks come visiting when people are there.
The Lifetree of Summer Grove is supposed to be the
adopted form a Pure One. It talks to those who listen hard
enough. Personally, I think it's some old Wyck. Of course,
it could be the fey folk playing tricks on us. Don't ever take
any path out of the grove except the one marked by the
standing stones. That path is the gateway in and out of the
grove. Taking another path leads you into the forest, where
you get twisted and turned in all different directions. Some
folks have been trapped in the byways, as we call them, for
days, and counted themselves lucky to get out at all by
stumbling back into the grove.

Autumn Circle is a large, cleared dancing area cen-
tered around a flat stone altar. The altar is circular, but has
a hole in the middle. A World Tree grows up through the
hole and shades most of the are

. It's autumn there, and the

tree has the most brilliantly colored leaves I've ever seen.
The circle's edge is formed by a ring of trees. Outside that

is a mossy greensward filled with toadstools. Some say a

person can have visions by eating one of the toadstools, but
I think," he said, looking at Takoda, "they'd just give you
indigestion. A couple of unicorns are rumored to live there,
but I've never seen them. They say there are pools located
beyond Autumn Circle which lead to other worl

That's it. No more questions. Hope you weren't ex-
pecting to Ascend right here and now. Have a good
festival."

ait a minute. Which type of Verbena are you?"
asked Aileen.

He turned back in the doorway. "Who says I'm Ver-
bena at all?" he asked. He closed the door quietly, but they
could hear him chuckling as he moved off down the
hallway

Chapter Two 37



Aligning the

pheres
Midsummer Night
(External Relations)

If she floats then she is not

A witch like we had thought

A down payment on another

One at Salem's lot

Nirvana,

Below them, the lights of the city glowed
seventeenth floor, the
looked like a fairyland. A slight breeze cooled

From the marina

the man and woman standing on the bal-
cony
; Deborah turned to Talien. "Who are all
4} >| these people?" she asked

"Mostly people we know from otherTra-

ditions. We're throwing a private party here

before a bunch of us go on to Horizon, the main meeting
place, for a Midsummer Night revel. Why, do they seem
strange?"

"Just different. I guess I'm feeling a little out of place
here."

"Here?"

"Back in the city. I got the idea that the Verbena are
pretty much a country sort of thing."

Serve the Servants"

"We're anything we want to be. Mostly it's the Gar-
The

Moon-Seekers set up wherever they feel comfortable, while

deners and the Twisters of Fate who are rural

the Lifeweavers do whatever they do wherever they happen

to be. Not all of them even keep a World Tree, you know

Jon and Kamaria stepped out onto the balcony. "Hey,

it's a lot cooler out here," said Jon. "Are you guys keeping
that a secret so you don't have to share?"

"Well, not with you anyway." Deborah quipped. She
seemed to be less hostile since the Beltaine celebration, as
if she had purged some part of herself. Now, though her
words were cruel, there was a certain lightness to them that
told Jon she was joking

"If you don't like the company, you can always jump,"
he retorted. She laughed

Te
doors. "Hey, has anybody seen Takoda?" he asked.

1e stuck his head out through the sliding glass

"He's gone." said Talien.

Chapter Three

"Gone? Gone where?"

Aileen pushed past Teague. "Yeah, he left last night
He said he had something important to do."

nd they just let him go?" asked Kamaria.

"Why not?" Talien replied, "He's not a criminal or a
prisoner. We don't force people to join, and the Verbena
aren't for everyone."

"But he knows so much..." Jon said

othing that can really hurt us. | doubt the Technoc-
racy knows anything about him. He isn't Awakened yet."
Talien looked down at the shimmering water. "I don't
think he found what he was looking for here," he said. "But
let me take this opportunity to give you the lowdown on the
other Traditions and a few other things besides...

Council Brethren

See that woman in the green dress? She's built like a
martial artist and probably is one. She's Akashic Brother-
hood. The Akashic Brotherhood puzzles a lot of Verbena.
We don't understand their tendency to place the mind
above all else. Still, many Lifeweavers have learned a lot
about their bodies and the pathways of the Lifeweb from
the Brotherhood

Now, that man in the white suit practically crackles
with suppressed energy, doesn't he? Get the feeling he
wants to stop the more lurid aspects of the party? Tense,
tense, tense. Our relationship with the Chorus was shat
tered in the Burning Times, and yet many Verbena feel it's
time to make peace with them."

A long-haired man in black leather stumbled onto the
balcony and almost fell over the rail

"Whup! Jon, Teague, hold him up will you? Let's settle
him on the couch. He's a little far gone even for one of the
Cult. We get along pretty well with the Cult of Ecstasy folks

until some fool brings up philosophy or history. We've
worked with them since Roman times, and we learn a lot
from each other, but mostly we feel that the Cult folks act
like irresponsible children who've never grown up.

The woman over there is an Australian aborigine.
She's a Dreamspeaker of course. There's a tremendous
amount of respect between the Verbena and the
Dreamspeakers. We've always been allies and probably
always will be. Still, we feel they're too focused on the

Other World. They need to pay more attention to this one.

Also, a lot of us are really irked that so many of the other
Traditions think the Dreamspeakers were the first mages,
when they weren't
Look at the guy in gray near the refreshment table. He's
Euthanatos. I wouldn't drink the punch after he's been near
it, that's for sure! Just kidding; everyone thinks the
Euthanatos are out to kill everybody. Only the Twisters of
‘ate get along with them. Otherwise there's a considerable
amount of opposition against the Euthanatos, even from
the Moon-Seekers and Lifeweavers. Still, it's amusing to


It daly] Jaadeyo

pare Apes
SI aqua JOE "norH k sayg -eYpURTED saeyL,, "uate L
ples ,,'21 y]eo | ‘aoea8 pesag jays aust Sunsaraauy jyy,,

Oo] Uaaq 9A,aM puke ‘saTINy yDeIG ay2 se UMOUY

pad pure ySuIq Ul UeWOM pasey-yzep ayjaas
Bae UTYo Jay Sunutod ‘euewey payse ,j2eYI SI OYA\,,

SAIYIO OL

"-agojaq styp anoqe Suryroutos

pauonuaw | yuryp | *ourpUO suaAos pau, aavy Aue pue
aA [eU31q ayp O11 PEM Or sem pun} JAvY SIZALdMIITT
AUS ‘9sINOD Jo ‘WAY? pukIs 1,ULd sIOUOpIeD ay] "yo!euU
a8pa-BuIaNd pue AITIqIxXay Aap Jo asnedaq sidapy [BNA
aya YA UL UdTTey aa\

DY S19499g-UOOPY Jo 20] v ‘ATMO

adopy [enut, es.ayg, sey Ye] YOYs yaTM TELION TUNA

asuaqut ue oy Sunutod ‘pres ay ,,
wiAZ
1 [Jeo OPY ,Y>!eU, op Adyp IYAs [v9 02 asnyar Ady pue

aap Aur s,919,[,,

19 SIQUIPILH BY) SAAAp I] "pearsul a9U9I9g,

‘uo os pur ‘Surjeay pider ‘SuiSueysadeys — saotaap ay
(pin yordew peuoMpen seuaqia,, oy) aiva19-a1 01 BULA
{jjuRIsUOD are sUOS aYL "WAY? MOYs Or BUNT] st eUAqIa,
e durypaAue Aq pansuaur Ajpensn are Aatp yBnoyppe — sayy
Jo suog ay? YIM [Rap |] JaAvaMap] SUEUAP soUT ay 10
JoyJ99g-UOOY [EAAqH] ow ay APUG "yonwu siasuUeWIOEUYD9 L
ay] auop euaqiaA 94a pure *
a4 SoU, JOU Jo suog atp Jo au YBU [Je ‘UOg & s,9]] ;NOA

aouewouyra |,

pynom ‘soisdyd yeauowtiodxs ur wessoid oyenpess ev sem
ay

I YH] AuaIIE para/y SOYIVM dy ILA MOU J9A9U P,NO}

1,usaop ‘eutiou Anasd syoor ja1949 49A0 An ayI 99g
sassaoxa Hoy? Yaa UOHISINUT
ayy UMOp SuNPe> soy Way auNE]Q [JIS aM ‘asf BuryAuL

Woy apisy ‘a]4as snstueUREYs "Aaoreso]dxa seuaqia, atp

Uo pase a19M "y>1SeUT E[NULIOJ-UOU Jo WaIsds

yas troy
pue ‘sjorfaq oIseq SaULaH] JO JapAG yp Jo IO] B UUs IE
S8o-40-UdypIY &S,11 JAG "sawIT | SUTIN oy Joye yotBeut
euaqia A JO doURSsTeUAL ay [ary 02 , WOpstm,, Oy Jo aWOS
ajoas aa aaatjaq Ady? asnedaq vUaqua, ay) siUAasol JOPIC
DYL "2an]IV} 01 powMoop sear avyroUpaIc] aya se aso},
Jequautiadxa s1apiQ ay pautof uaaa euaqsa autos ‘aUIT
e Jog "diysuonejar urese-yo ‘urede-uo uv padofus savy
SULA} JO JapI_ ay] puk Buaqia, aya ‘sow URWOY aoUuIS
JAY ‘SAWP JO J9pAE ayp Jo a[durexa ue peg 002 10U

ys
‘Ajjeniay jaseu e se pasindsip inaseniqae ue s,1 Yoo]

sh inoqe yory Fury v aa1 souG MOTO] ayp yA

Jou ‘Way? WUdaI OF BULAN AJaAnnoe age sn Jo asa ay ING ‘Iq
apt] au Wayp o¥H] 4,UOp s.

auapien ayy ‘sou Suruung
dtp Jaye saafaswiayp Yystqeasaas euaqsa ay padjay soseut
Jo pury asoup ang ‘pasnaopun waas day, "Buryrdsoaa Mouy
Ady YUNA OYM sae Suno{ pasnsosun—arojog pury.zoya

das ALY 94,9/,\ ‘UOIIPRA] B SB S9UG MO|JOH] ay Surdas

awa puey & aavy eUdqIaA >Y] "SPUG AMOTOH] 24,404,
Aaged oy yseao aysiw Aavp aysnowp | "Ayjomvaf atp pue ey

pPalom aya YAM sauo ay {seyIo]d yoeIq dn-us03 ut passaap

[Je edeya Jaa0 dnosas yyy vag ‘ase Aaya asaya ‘yeay
s}aaw suOTIper | aya Jo pouNoD ayy uay

soqeuRYINg Japya ayp Yaa aaa3e euaqua Jap]a oy Uayo MOY,


with them, mostly on ecological issues, for some time. They
suffered the same persecutions we did during the Burning
Times. There are other tribes of Garou, what most people
call werewolves. I've heard we have some dealings with a
couple of the others. Except for those few, though, they're
supposed to be savage and unpredictable. I've also heard
they kill mages who snoop around their holy ground."

"Werewolves? Next you'll tell us there's a vampire at
the party," laughed Aileen

"There are vampires, you know," Talien remarked
Most Verbena hate them. They seem foul to the Garden-
ers and the Moon-Seekers. Still, some Lifeweavers I know
are fascinated by them. One of them even claims she hangs
out with vampires from time to time. She excuses herself by
telling me their blood is pure Quintessence. Maybe she uses
it to power her shapechanging. I don't know about you, but
I'd rather not deal with bloodsuckers, if | can help it. I need
my blood myself, thank you. We do have at least one thing
in common: the Inquisition still hunts both of us. Those
bastards call themselves the Society of Leopold now, and
we try to stay as far away from them as we can. They burned
us once. Never again...

Do you believe in ghosts? They believe in you. Lots of
people know how to call the dead, but I'm not sure they
enjoy it once they do. Wraiths often visit the Dark Umbra
on Samhain eve. I have no idea how they feel about us, but
I'd be real careful around dead folks if I were you

The Fey still dance around the comers of our nice
settled little world; Verbena have hada love-hate relation
ship with them for centuries. Mostly we don't trust each
other. The Primordials used to trick them into lots of
agreements and truces. The Fey are attracted to our life
energies, I'm told, though I've never met one myself. really
don't know if they're dangerous or not, but from all the old
stories, I'd suggest a good deal of caution and a quick wit
when dealing with them

The Enemy

"What about the Technocracy?" asked Jon. "Aren't
they mages, too? Why do they hate us so much?"

"The Technocracy may be our most dangerous en-
emies. They are mages, but work toward a totally different
reality than we desire. They want complete order and
control of everything. Naturally, we want to impose our
own version of reality instead. It's a hate based on radically
different ideas vying to create the ultimate reality in the
same space. Luckily, they seem as disorganized as we are, or
at least, they don't all agree on a single road to domination
of the Tellurian. This isn't the best place for it, but let me
give you a quick overview of how we deal with each
Convention — that's what they call their Traditions...

Let's start with the Progenitors. They're probably clos-
est to the Verbena, except what we enhance, they corrupt
by claiming to ‘better nature' through genetic program-

MACROBIOTIC
GENERATION
TANK


ming and manipulation. A few Moon-Seekers tried to
reform some Progenitors and bring them back into the fold,
but wound up sucked into the Technocracy instead. It's not
a far jump for them. The Pharmacopeists especially suck
these Verbena right in. Remember, you've been warned.
Iteration X believes we should all be half machine.
They want to cyber us up and link our brains in with
artificial intelligence. HIT Marks are the cyborgs Iteration
X makes and sends out to kill their enemies. Verbena can
sense the Life pattern inside them, though. Iteration X
hates —and I mean hates — the Verbena, and the Verbena
love to wipe them out...anything that unliving and cold is

an abomination!

Then there's Big Brother. That's the Convention
called the New World Order. We're constantly running
into the N.W.O. They want to brainwash everyone into
being a robot. I'm told we started the health craze as a direct
assault on their mental hold on the masses through televi-
sion. Pissed them off! Watch out for the Men in Blac!

There'
made a lot of cash selling ‘new age' crap to people. Most
Verbena hate to see this, even if the Gardeners of the Tree

always the fun guys in the Syndicate. They've

believe the patsies should get what's coming to them.
Several Verbena have found themselves in the unenviable
position of having to ‘disprove' some of the Syndicate's
claims, thus weakening any Mythic Threads which may
still be in the Tapestry's weave. These guy:

are scary.
Beyond the thug level, nobody knows who they are or how
to reach them. They can destroy you without ever coming
face-to-face with you.

Last are the Void Engineers. Most Verbena didn't like
it when humanity landed on the moon. We want to keep
the moona thing of mystery; the scientists want to demystify
it. Of course, I've heard it said that the moon landing

changed the Void Engineers — now they work for space

exploration as a sort of saving grace for humankind. The

Moon-Seekers might know. They've occasionally worked

with the Void Engineers to learn more of the deep Umbra.
On the other hand, many Void Engineers work to discredit
some of the fundamental elements of the Verbena's belief
system, especially things like astrology, the phases of the
moon, and the Wheel of the Year.

That's just a thumbnail sketch, of course. You're all
free to like anybody you want toand hate anyone who pisses
you off. Make your own assessments. You might even find
out the people you love to hate the most are your fellow
Verbena. Life's a bitch..."

eee

The sun beat down mercilessly on his dehydrated

body. His eyes swam. His parched throat cried out for

moisture. The whistles the elders blew couldn't reach him

where his consciousness had gone. Blood coursed down his
body. One of the rawhide thongs skewered through the skin

and muscle of his his chest had ripped through his flesh.

The other was still attached, its shortening length almost
pulling him off the ground as he danced. No one from his
tribe had performed a real sundance for a generation at
least

He danced, chanting and weaving in the scorching
sun. As the chill of evening began to work its way across his
blistered face, his grandfather approached.

"It is time now to pull the tether free," Kohana said.

Grateful his ordeal was over, Takoda leaned back
against the skewer. It began to tear through the skin of his
breast. Soon he would be free of it. Then he reconsidered.

"No, Grandfather," he said sadly, "This is my last
chance. I must havea vision or my life has no meaning. You
of all people should understand."

"I understand," the old man sighed and sat down next
to Takoda. "I will wait until you have your vision. Do not
take too long, though, for my bones are old and brittle and

‘annot wait outside all night."

Takoda called for some of the elders to light a fire so
that his grandfather would be kept warm. He felt strength-
ened by the old man's presence and renewed his dance. His
> happy he
jerked too hard in his exertions. The remaining thong

grandfather seemed so proud. Takoda was s

ripped out and he fell. He crawled to the fire and sat across
from his grandfather. Together they shared a pipe and
talked of visions and healing.

Ir was only as dawn arrived and the elders carried him home
that Takoda remembered his grandfather had been dead for a
year.

Chapter Three



apt
Fruits of the

Tree
Lammas
(Character Templates)

sara =z = =

= a 4 "ae,

Defying their leaders

Holding out for free will

The strong dare to echo

Nothing can stop

Nothing can stop us now

Up against the wind

Old ways up against the wind

Maire Brennan, "Against the wind"

The car had been trailing them for some time
before they noticed it. They'd come to town
to purchase last-minute necessities for the
Lammas feast. But they couldn't return to
the covenhouse with a strange car on their
tail. Cutting through stores and emerging
onto other streets hadn't worked to throw
their pursuers off the scent. Even mingling

with crowds and threading in and out of clubs
hadn't sufficed.

"Damn. They're good, whoever they are," Teague said
"Too good." said Jon, the only one of them who had
dealt with pursuit by government agents.
"Maybe we should split up," suggested Kamaria, "That
way some of us could lead them on while the others went for
help."

crew that. If you're too afraid to confront them, I'll

ambush them at the next traffic light." offered Deborah

"There may be a reason they've only followed us so far.
They might be waiting for us to split up so they can pick us
off easier," remarked Takoda. He had returned soon after
the sundance, at peace with himself and determined to
become a healer

sked

"Do any of you have an idea who they might be
Aileen

spe, but they have to be using some kind of magick
to keep up with us," said Teague.
"Well, we need to do something," snarled Deborah
"Look for a phone booth," Jon said. "I'll call the
covenhouse and tell them what's happening."

Chapter Four 45


"Great, then we just wait for them to come bail us out,"
grumbled Aileen.

"Do you have a better idea?" asked Kamaria

They found a phone booth on the next corner. Jon
placed the call. All of them could hear it ring and ring on
the other end

"How can nobody answer?" asked Takoda. "There

were at least twelve people there an hour and a half ago."

He wasafraid to volunteer what he actually thought — that
somehow the Technocracy had found them, and that he
and his friends were the only ones still free.

Another black car screamed around the corner and
drew up opposite the first. Four doors from each car opened,
spilling out men in black suits and mirror shades. All of
them held g

ins.
"Hold it!" one shouted. "Anybody moves and you all
die."
Let's live through this, folks," murmured Teague,
"They obviously want us alive. We can always try to escape
later."

They awoke in darkness, each remembering the sting
of the needle. Hoods covered their heads and handcuffs
restrained their arms behind their backs.

"Take that one first," a gruff voice said, and Teague was
carried out. He called out to the others, "Be strong.

They took him to a small room and questioned him
relentlessly. Who were his friends? Where was he first
contacted by the Traditions? Who taught him? What had
he learned so far? He answered none of the questions. His
captors seemed strangely unconcerned by his refusal to
talk. No one threatened or touched him until the question-
ing was over. Then the head Inquisitor stood and said, "He
isan unrepentant witch. As he chooses to die thus, we have
no more business with him. May God have mercy on his
soul."

Two Inquisitors stripped him and bound his legs back
beneath him so his ankle ropes were tied to the handcuffs.
He was carried outside and chained atop a rough bundle of
wood. More ropes were passed through under his bended
knees, forcing him to back-straddle the pyre and securing
him flat against it. His muscles screamed in protest.

Five more pyres were ranged around the courtyatd;
blackened areas showed where others had already burned
down to ash and ember. The charnel smell of burnt flesh
assaulted him. They'd already killed his friends from the
covenhous

, then. His captors checked his bindings and
left him to his thoughts.

The scene was repeated five times as the othe!

were
brought to the courtyard and chained in place. The Inquisi-
tors stood, one next to each pyre. Clad in robes and carrying
lit torches, each of them asked once again, "Will you
forswear your witchcraft and join with us to hunt others
such as yourselves? You may still be saved."


When they determined that none of the young
unAwakened mages would willingly betray the Verbena,

the Inquisitors pulled the hoods back over their victims'
heads.

Soon the only sounds were the crackle of the flames

racing through dry wood and the screams of those the
flames consumed. Searing pain and choking smoke en-
gulfed them as they writhed atop the pyres, desperately
struggling to escape. And suddenly Deborah was free. She
coalesced her will into a raging primal form and launched
it at the chains that bound her. They snapped and her
handcuffs fell loose about one wrist. She pulled free the
rope which bound her legs and thrust the hood from her
face. And there was no fire.

Allaround hershe saw.the others writhing and scream-
ing, bucking and twisting away from flames that did not
st. An Inquisitor stretched up a hand to help her down
Talien. Her Avatar
snarled for her to rend and tear, but she thrust it down and

ey

from the pyre, and she saw he

slid down off the pyre.

Then Takoda broke free, and Kamaria. Jon, then
Teague, came down from the pyres, the light of Awakened
Avatars gleaming in their eyes. Aileen took the longest.
Her shattered, insane shrieks rent the air for a full ten
minutes. As Rhianna at last moved to release her from her
imaginary bonds and illusory flames, Aileen finally Awoke.

No flames lit the night, nor were there other blackened
areas. The pyres were just bundles of sticks; their bonds
nothing but string. The new initiates were given fresh robes
and led inside where a feast awaited them.

"What would have happened had any of us been
willing to sell out the Verbena?" asked a subdued and
shaken Aileen.

"Then you would not have been Awakened. Nor
would you be accepted into our company now. Let us leave
itat that," answered Rhianna, "Now it is time to celebrate.
We me

who was slain and resurrected. Lammas isa harvest celebra-

t for Lammas, called Lughnasad in honor of Lugh,

tion when we give thanks for what we have gained during
the year. You have passed from death into a new life as
Awakened beings. Soon it will be Samhain again. The
Wheel will have spun its course. The new year begins with
the closing of the old. Your new lives begin with the
shedding of the old. Tonight you will choose your names in
magick. We bid farewell to all of you, and bid you wel-
come."

eos
Earth, water, fire and air
Met together in a garden fair
Put in a basket bound with skin
If you answer this riddle, you'll never begin
— The Incredible String Band, "Koeeoaddi There"


are:

Concept: You were a spooky kid,
always playing with insects and mak-

ing up charms and hexes to get your

Still the fire in my heart never leaves me own way. You consumed everything

— Maire Brennan, "Ce Leis" available about witches, and always

Quote: You believe this knife is purely ceremonial? felt sympathetic towards them. Hansel

Come closer. | will show you its true nature and Gretel, the self-righteous little
Prelude: Born angry. Always an outsider. Misun: brats, pissed you off when they tricked
derstood by everyone. That is your life. You've builta 27 the witch into the oven, and you cheered

for the wicked witch against Dorothy in
The Wizard of Ox

Roleplaying Tips: Be aggressive,

hardshell around you, and prefer making other people
uncomfortable to feeling the pain of their rejection.

The occult was insidiously appealing. Think

ing about witchcraft and curses to use against You are not intimidated by any situ-

those who hurt or ignored you made you feel ation and fear no one (except your

powerful. Though the spells didn't work, Mentor). Act elusive if anyone gets

practicing the scowl and acid comments too inquisitive about your business

which became your trademarks taught and always try to keep the upper

you that the best way to protect yourself hand. If someone offends you too

was to intimidate others. They should much orharmsanother Verbena, make

pay for what they did. That phrase has him pay:

haunted you since birth. You never Magick: You aren't as powerful as

really understood where that fee you'd like to be, but are very inventive in

ing came from using the magick you have. The Sphere

of Life allows you to change, heal or d

Now you know. A small ca-
bal of secretive mages stroy simple life forms. Funny how destroying
introduced you to real power the good bacteria in someone's body can
have the most devastating effects, or how
t

ones can play havoc with a dinner party. Dab-

Through studying with the
changing wholesome veg

Verbena, you have discovered ables into poisonous

who you truly are: the rein-

carnation of a witch killed bling in Entropy lets you find the weakness in

during the Burning Times. things, a great boon to either healing or destroy

Your old soul cries out for re- ing them. Control of Prime lets you fuel up and

venge and magick provides you will eventually allow you to power your creative

with the means to take it. Not and destructive capabilities directly.

that you're a crazed killer; you have an quipment: Knife, herbs, cauldron, black

witchy clothin;

important and valuable role — hunting
and punishing or removing the enemies of
the Verbena. Death is a part of Life, and
next time around the Wheel, those whose
blood you cleanse now may havea change

of heart. If they don't, you can always take

it again


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Attributes

pa'

3. Abilities

MAGE: The Ascension™
Essence: Primordial
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Bravo

rgunds: 7 Fi

ne ee

Spheres, § Ba

yoeaes

Concept: Avenging Witch

Mentor:
Cabal:

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@@00 = Charisma @0000 Perception @@000
Dexterity Quick __@@@@O = Manipulation -@@000 Intelligence @e@e@00
Stamina e@@00 Appearance @@@OO Cts: @@000
Abilities ‘ean
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @@000 iDrive @@000 = Computer. 00000
Athletics. @0000 Etiquette __ 00000 Cosmology. 00000
Awareness @0000 Firearms OOO00O Culture @0000
Brawl @@000 Leadership. @0000 - Enigmas _ OO00O0
Dodge @@000 Meditation === OOOOO _ Investigation OO0000
Expression OO0000 Melee___ _ @@000 Law OO000O0
Intuition Research OOOOO Linguistics OO00O0
Intimidation Stealth @@000_~ ‘Medicine O0000
Streetwise. Survival __ @@000 = Occult @@@00
Subterfuge OO0O000 © Technology OOOOO Science OO000O0
Advantages i]
Spheres
Correspondence __OOOOO Life @@00 Prime @@000
Entropy. @0000 Mind OOO00O Spirit OO00O0
Forces OOOCCO Matter OQOO00O _ Time 00000
Other Traits Are ie Health
Poisons @0000 @®@®@®0000000 | Bruised 00
00000 eulpower Hurt 10
00000 ° eeeeee Injured a a
00000 OOOOOOO 3 Q 9 Wounded 20
00000 Quintessence oe d = o
00000 3a eile 50
. > Yo Incapacitated Q
Backgrounds 7 v Experience
Arcane q o
Avatar os [=
Destiny A o
Mentor a < Study Points
Onn?
Paradox

Je Points:15 (7/5/4211)
neh

On and on

Searching for a cleaver view

Winning and losing an inner war

Wonder what we do it for

— Brian May, "Back to the Light"

Quote: Hey, have you heard this one? It's a
madrigal. What do you mean ‘what's a madrigal?'

Prelude: Born at the wrong time, you should
have been a troubadour or an ancient Celtic bard.
Modern life never suited you very well. While
other kids were learning to play guitar, you chose
Celtic lap harp. Unicorns and dragons and gr

heroes who fought terrible battles filled your imagi-
nation. The only real battle
you ever fought was against
prejudice.

Trath is important, ‘and
you always sensed that grownups
were lying when they said magic had
never existed in the world. All your instincts
told you that if magic had never existed, there
wouldn't have been so many stories, poems
and songs about it. Your whole life has been
a search for truth and magic

Then you met a wondrous person, areal
bard like those in the tales. From him, you
learned that magick has two sides and that
most truths are gray, depending more on
circumstance than on some pre-set law. Asa
lorekeeper, it is your responsibility to judge
among truths and half-truths, and to preserve

the ancient lore. Along the way, you hope to

restore what was and what will be again.
Concept: You were the kid who asked what the

isfied

with a bedtime story, you wanted to know what hap-

nursery rhymes meant. When other kids were

pened to everyone else when the prince and the princess
lived happily ever after. You loved fantasy whether it was
in comics, stories, songs, movies or novels, and, at age ten,
you wondered if you might be King Arthur reincarnated.
Music has always been a part of your life and you 2

re
gifted with a great voice. Instruments were easy for

you to master, so you chose one that was both

Even as an adult,
you tried to live in the fantasy world of the Renais-
sance Fair or a medieval recereation organization,
rather than get a real job.

ancient and a challenge to learn.

Roleplaying Ti

peacekeeper. Always consider both sides of a question

: You are judge, facilitator and

before making a decision. Quote ancient poems and songs.
Lead through inspiration and sound judgement. Your exist-
ence keeps one of the Mythic Threads alive. Act like it.

Verbena

Us-

Magick: You don't have any very powerful magicks.
ing Life to affect simple life forms which is the most
advanced magick you know. The Spheres of
Correspondence, Forces, Mind, Prime, and
Time are very limited at present. As a bard,
you hope to learn something aboutall magick
and wanted to start with as firm a grounding
as you can. The insights which this pot-
pourri of Spheres bring to you is probably
of more value than any actual power you
derive from them. You are content to
wait for mastery. The important thing

is to realize how they all
interrelate.

Equipment:
lap harp, music
book
and pencil (for
song and lyric
id

, notebook

as), library of
fantasy books


ARN cS

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

MAGE: The Ascension™
Essence: Questing
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Visionary

Concept: Bard
Mentor:
Cabal:

Physical Social Mental
Strength @0000- Charisma @e@@@0 = Perception @e@ee00
Dexterity @@@00 = Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @eee0
Stamina @@000 Appearance____@@O000 Wits
Abilities :
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Drive @0000 = Computer. @0000
Athletics____ OOOOO § Etiquette @@@00 = Cosmology. OO0000
Awareness @0000  Firearms_ ————OOOOO Culture @e@e@00
Brawl OOOOO Leadership. @@@00 Enigmas @@000
Dodge_ SEM OOOOO Meditation @0000 Investigation OO000O0
Expression___ @@®@®OO_ = Melee. OO0000 Law @0000
Intuition @@000 Research @ee00 Linguistics @0000
Intimidation OOOOO Stealth @0000- Medicine OO0000
Streetwise OQOO0OO - Survival @0000 = Occult @0000
Subterfuge OOOOO _ Technology OQOOOO Science OOO00O
Advantages PT TE
Spheres
Correspondence __@OOOO Life @@000 _‘iPrime @0000
Entropy. OOO000 Mind @0000 Spirit OOO00O0
Forces @0000  Matter__ OOOOO Time @0000
Other r Traits are te Health
00000 @®@O00000000 Bruised 00
00000 Willpower Hurt AQ
00000 @@ @@@00000 Injured ame
00000 YOOU00U0000 Wounded 20
00000 Quintessence ee = .
00000 34 fifipled #
. > TS Incapacitated Q
Backgrounds . © Experience
Avatar @@O00 4 o
Destiny @@000 4 0
Dream ©
@@000 3 :
Library @0000 " < Study Points
00000 Sa0
00000 Paradox

— Alt s: 7/5/3. Abilitie

13/9/5 Spheres, 5 Backgrgunds:.7 Fret

e Points:,15 (7/5/4/2/1),


EF = Eco-Terrorist Druid

When all the leaves have fallen and tured to dust,

Will we remain entrenched within our ways
. — Dead Can Dance, "Severance"

Quote: Humankind is arrogant. We ask ‘if a tree falls in the forest and there is no one to hear it fall,
. does it make a noise

as if the tree's only importance were in our relationship to it. The earth, the other trees,
ball life within the woods, hears it fall and echoes with the scream of its descent

Prelude: You grew up in the city among towering buildings and garbage-filled alleyways. Rats were

the only animals that survived for long in your neighborhood. The only trees were the ones spaced out

every mile orso to bring some "greenery" to the city. The park was unapproach-

able because of the gangs that ruled there. You went to the zoo once, but the

\
LON

animals were penned up in bare cages and looked sick and miserable. You

knew exactly how they felt. Atage thirteen, you were sentaway toasummer

camp for disadvantaged kids, and for the first time you experienced the

countryside. The camp had its own lake and a small forest, which you

roved through as though it was your personal kingdom. Learning

everything you could about the forest, you planned to become a
forest ranger someday. Then summer ended and you returned
to the bleak, dead city

ver did get to be a forest ranger! You did settle near

the largest forest in the east. Soon it became apparent that
the forest was being decimated by logging. That was when
you met the eco-terrorists who were trying to stop the

deforestation. You joined and soon became a leader in the

movement

Then you met the true guardians of the forest and learned of
their power to stop those who strip the forests in the name of
industry and science.

Concept: You were an underprivileged city kid who longed to live
in the country. You used to pretend to be an Indian who lived in the

primeval forest. Trying to keep a fern alive in your apartment was an

3;

effort doomed to failure. The only television show that interested you

Sai

was Wild Kingdom. A study in contrasts, you don' tdislike people, butfeel

comfortable alone in the woods.

_

Roleplaying Tips: Read up on ecological issues, especially those

having to do with the rainforest and old-growth woodlands. Quote
statistics that support the contention that man will denude the planet

oii

of trees within the next fifty years. Remember you are also a Druid
The Druids were leaders and teachers in the old days. Assume these
positions when you can
Magick: Though youare only of the first circle now, eventually
your magick will help shape and protect the new Mythic Reality,
The Sphere of Life has provided insight into the complex patterns
which governall lifeon earth and youhave learned tomanipulate
those patterns subtly. Command of Matter allows you to create
new patterns to enhance the Life around it. You can make a
small pool of water to feeda tree denied enough moisture. Prime
lets you divert Quintessence to a needed pattern, and Forces
allows you to perceive the energy flow which surrounds all

things. Eventually, you will control Forces to such an extent

that you can affect the weather and call lightning.

Equipment: Robes, sickle, packets of seeds
pamphlets

, ecology


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Attripytes: 7/5/3. Abilities 1/3
bn

ZN Sb OS

MAGE: The Ascension™
Essence: Pattern
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Fanatic

Physical Social
Strength Charisma
Dexterity Manipulation
Stamina Appearance
Abilities
Talents Skills
Alertness. @@000 Drive @@000
Athletics @0000 Etiquette @0000
Awareness OOOOCO Firearms @0000
Brawl @@000 Leadership @@000
Dodge @0000 = Meditation 00000
Expression OCO00O0 Melee @0000
Intuition @0000 Research @0000
Intimidation OO00O00 - Stealth
Streetwise @@000 Survival
Subterfuge OO0O0O00 © Technology
Spheres
Correspondence __OOOOO Life @@000
Entropy. 00000 Mind 00000
Forces @0000 Matter. @@000
Other r Tralts re ste
00000 98 VIE VO S00
00000 Willpower
@©e@e0008000
goo0o ages sassge
00000 Quintessence
O0000 yB4g
Backgrounds "oO
Allies @@000 4 o
Arcane @0000 "4 o
Avatar @@000 A [s
Influence a é <
Node ___ @0000 San
en Paradox

Spheres 5 Bas

Attributes TEE

Advantages TEETER TET

rgunds:.7 Fr

Concept: Druid
Mentor:
Cabal:

Mental

Perception Clear sight |

Intelligence

Wits________ @@@00

Knowledges

Computer OO0000
Cosmology__ OO00O0
Culture OOO00O0
Enigmas @0000
Investigation ___OOO00O0
Law _ __@O0000
Linguistics 00000
Medicine @0000
Occult @0000
Science__—S®O0000

Prime @@000
Spirit ~OOO0O0O
Time 00000

Health
Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated
Experience

OoouUu

MmrmnNnHHK oO

Ouvo

Study Points

Points:15 (7/9/4/2/1

Shapeshifter

And he went up and down among the lions, he became a young lion, and learned to catch

prey, and devoured men

Ezekiel XIX, vi

Quote: Grrowwll
Prelude: Born into a tribal culture, you were almost allowed to die because
of your deformity. Instead those who were more "civilized" adopted and raised
you, Never comfortable in their world, you always felt they expected
gratitude and servitude for saving your worthless life
Somewhere within you prowled an ancestral memory — of a
sleek cat or a brilliantly plumed bird. Denied your rights as a
member of the tribe, you knew that someday you would
change, and in that change would find yourself as you
should have been
Meanwhile, suffering the difficulties ofan infirm body,
you imagined what it could be like in a more primitive,
more magickal world. Longing for perfection of body and
spirit, you were given an answer. You are a mage now and
may someday have the power to transform your body into
your visions of yourself. For now, you'll settle for curing the
deformity
Concept: You are a "primitive" tribesperson decked
out in "civilized" costume; always out of place among
those who are out of touch with their bodies and emo-
tions. The deformity which ruled your life has made you
more aware of your own carnal nature, even as it closed
the door to the fulfillment of your desires. You crave
perfection in yourself. Because you have so often been

the object of pity or ridicule, you empathize with those

who are hurt or treated cruelly. You once hid your

deformity as though it were a curse, but now you begin
to take pride in what you are.

Roleplaying Tips: The line from C. S. Lewis'

Jamia chronicles, "It's not.as fhe werea tame lion," suits
you perfectly. Show che strength, ferocity and gentleness
of the: panther within you. Move:to the rhythms of
traditional chanes‘and drumsirather: than, the pulse'of
modem life. Walk in grace and beauty. Always look for
ways to perfect yourself. Talk about shifting with
anyone who will listen
Magick: Your study of Life allows you to make
changes in yourself, Soon you hope to be able to shift
; forind with ease. Mind magick will make cereain you
\ cai retain your own personality and sanity when
gt _ you become a full shapeshitfter. You seek to use the
Time Sphere as a means to examine the past for clues
to your ancestral memories. You may one day use it to
escape hunters or bring down prey. You are convinced

your shapeshifting holds the key to ultimate Ascen-

sion. When everyone is everyone else, there will be no
need for quarreling.
Equipment: Stretch clothing, camouflage stick,
pistol (let the hunter beware)


a
"

ah Sad

ZN cS

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Essence: Dynamic Concept: Shapeshifter
Player: Nature: Survivor Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Loner Cabal:
ATTriDUTCS rene onemessonere
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000 Charisma @@@00 Perception
Dexterity (O00 Manipulation @0000 Intelligence
Stamina Hardy e0e0eeo 3 "Appearance__—@@000 = Wits
= Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @@000 Drive @0000 = Computer. OO00O0
Athletics OOOOO _ Etiquette @@000- = Cosmology. @0000
Awareness @@000 Firearms @0000) Culture @@000
Brawl @@000 Leadership. @0000 Enigmas OO0000
Dodge @0000 = Meditation @0000 Investigation OO0000
Expression OOO000O- Melee OO0000 Law OO0000
Intuition @@000 Research @0000 Linguistics @0000
Intimidation @0000 Stealth @@@00 = Medicine ___OOO0O00
Streetwise 00000 - Survival @e@0@00 = = Occult @@000
Subterfuge @0000 Technology OOOOO Science OOO00O
Advantages a ed
Spheres
Correspondence _OOOO0O_ Life____— BOO -~SCi~Primee
Entropy. OO000 Mind @0000 Spirit
Forces OO000 = Matter. OOOOO Time
Other r Traits Are te. Health
00000 @@@0000000 Bruised og
00000 Willpower ae 5 =
@@e@eee0@0000 $$ !njurec
a MOOO000000 Wounded 20
00000 Quintessence Mauled ss :
00000 34 ig :
‘ > "9 Incapacitated a
Backgrounds 5 ro) Experience
Arcane @@000 4 o
Avatar @e0e00 | c
Mentor c
ventror ———— @@000 } . ae
00000 On os Study Points
00000 oc
00000 Paradox

Attributes: 7/5/3. Abilitie Spheres; 5 Backgrqunds:.7, Freebie Points:,15 (7/5/4/2/1)

Healer/Medicine Man

Sharing... must be considered with great care by the Elders and the medicine people who

carry the Sacred Trusts, so that no harm may come to people through ignorance and misuse
of these powerful forces
Resolution of the Fifth Annual Meeting of the Traditional Elders Circle

Quote: Let me tell you of my vision

Prelude: You were born on the reservation and lived with your grandfather. He
was a great medicine man and you wanted to be just like him. Secretly, though, you
feared you lacked the power or the wisdom to ever become a healer as he was. You
longed to have a vision, but fears and doubts kept you from achieving one.
Lack of visions convinced you that you were not good enough to be a
medicine man.

Giving up on traditional ways, you decided you could learn to be a
doctor. Despite poverty and lack of opportunity, you managed to make it
through school. But you couldn't get a scholarship, so that road was
blocked as well. When your grandfather died, you were left alone with no
money, no power and no future

Then the Verbena came. They promised to teach you how to heal.

They said you had power just waiting to be released. You left the
reservation to follow your dream. Though you tried for almost a year,
others had visions while you were left with none.

You returned to the reservation and renewed yourself with ancient
rituals. A vision came at last and you knew you must return to the
Verbena to finish your training as a mage. Though you are not a
traditional medicine man, one who deals with the spirits, you are a
healer who respects and understands the old ways.

Concept: You followed your grandfather around everywhere he

went trying to fathom the "trick" involved in being a medicine man.
The spirits never spoke to you, and you wondered if you were the only
Embarrassed and hurt by your lack
of success, you came very close to joining the Technocracy without

spirit-deaf person in your tribe

even knowing what it was. Doing so would have killed your own
spirit.

Roleplaying Tips: Although you have embraced modern
medicine and the Verbena way of magick, you are more than half
shaman. Quote heavily from great medicine men of the past

Walk softly on the
L<\_ powers of life and death in your hands. Use that power wisely

Hold to the others in your cabal as though they were your
t)
4

not to do so unless absolutely necessary. Thus far, you have

Earth. She is your Mother. You hold the

tribe. They are.
Magick: You specialize in Life and Prime, and emphasis
on those two Spheres allows you to make changes to simple
life forms and your own body. You hope that by understand-
ing Prime you will be able to use it to heal others more
effectively. You use Entropy to locate the weaknesses in
others which might cause problems, or to search for keys to
weakening the hold disease and injury have on people.

Though youare capable of causing injury or illness, you prefer

© —
i

|
Nin

studiously avoided learning Spirit, as the spirits ignored you for far too long.
It makes you nervous to think about using that Sphere

Equipment: Herbs, first aid kit, medicine bag (Talisman), knife


MAGE: The Ascension™
Name: Essence: Pattern Concept: Healer/Medicine Man
Player: Nature: Visionary Mentor:

Chronicle: Demeanor: Caregiver Cabal:
Attributes ES CT PETES
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000) Charisma @@000 Perception
Dexterity @@@00 = = Manipulation @@000 Intelligence Intuitive
Stamina @@@00 = Appearance e@e00co§ «(Wits

Abilities

Talents Skills Knowledges

Alertness @@000 Drive @0000 = Computer_______O0000
Athletics. @0000 Etiquette O0000 — Cosmology. @0000
Awareness @0000 Firearms__ ES OOOOO-—— Culture @@000
Brawl @@000 Leadership 00000 - Enigmas______®0000
Dodge @0000 Meditation @@000 Investigation @0000
Expression. OOOO0O- Melee @0000 Law @0000
Intuition @0O000 Research OO00O0 Linguistics
Intimidation OOOOCO - Stealth OOO00O0 Medicine
Streetwise. @0000 Survival @0000 = Occult
Subterfuge OOOO0O Technology OOOOO Science
Advantages Gd
Spheres
Correspondence __OOOOO Life @e@e@00 Prime @e@e@00
Entropy_____ ®@000O0 Mind___—————SS OOOOO Spirit_____——— SM O(POOOO
Forces OOO00O0 Matter OO00O0 Time OO000O0
Other r Traits Are te Health
00000 @@@0000000 Bruised 00
00000 Willpower Hurt AQ
00000 ©000800000 Injured -1Q
00000 QOOOOO00000 Wounded 20
00000 Quintessence ans = :
00000 2a BPP ss
" > Yo Incapacitated Q
Backgrounds 5 e Experience
Avatar ___ @@@00 4 0
Destiny @@@00 *5 o
Talisman @0000 a fe
00000 4 oS Study Points
00000 Soc
00000 Paradox
Attributes: 7/5/3. Abilities: 13/9/5 Spheres, 5 Backgrgunds:.7 Free bie Points: 15 (7/8/4/2/1)

Concept: You were a straight-laced rich kid, al-
ways doing exactly what Mommy and Daddy
commanded. The other kids you knew could dance
and go out on dates and do a lot of other things your

Human kind cannot bear very much real-
ity.

—TS. Eliot, "Burnt Norton"

Quote: Come to our festival. There's
something there for everyone. The Goddess
holds all her children in equal regard

parents told you led to damnation. You didn't really

believe in damnation — unless damnation was living

with your parents and their holier-than-thou atti-
tude. There had to be something more. It wasn't
that you were irreligious, it was just that their

Prelude: Raised ina home without religion wasn't what you wanted to believe

joy or love, only duty — to par-
ents, religion, and school — you
couldn't believe in the all-pow-
erful, cruel God they said ruled
your every thought. Praise was
rare; punishment swift. What was
wrong with dancing or listening

in. If there hadn't been a Goddess, you

would have had to invent her for your

own peace of mind.

Roleplaying Tips: You fervently be-
lieve in the Goddess andall Her blessings.
Tell everyone about them. Schedule your

life around the pagan festivals and make
sure everyone knows you do so. Call
strangers "sister" and "brother." Be
friendly and supportive unless you feel

to loud music or hanging out with
the other kids?

Secretly, you tried all the things
your parents forbade. And God didn't
strike you down. Dancing and sing-
ing made you happy. Loud music made
you feel alive. Being kind rather than
competitive brought you joy.

like you're being taken advantage of,
ball of the God-

then warn the s|

dess' wrath when crossed.

Magick: Life lets you manipu-
late simple life forms and correct

Your parents found out some of small defects in yourself, allowing

what you'd been up to when your
sister was murdered. Their rage

you toembody the Mother's beauty.
Mind allows you to receive em-
pathic feelings from other living
beings. Prime and Forces may eventually
power changes you wish to make and help

pushed you too far. A group of
pagans welcomed you and encour-

aged you to join. You left home and

never looked back, you learned about you understand the weather.

Equipment: Athame, wand, robes,
candles, bell, crystal, herbs, cauldron, as-

love, sharing — and self-defense.

The pagan attitude is cool. No-
body will ever take you away from this

trology book

and nobody will ever forbid you to do
what you want.


Name:

Correspondence __OQOOO
Entropy. OO0000
Fore

@0000

Other Tra
Dancing
High Ritual poened
———————_ 00000
00000
00000
00000

Backgrounds

Allies
Avatar
Dream

OO000
00000
00000

. Attributes: 7/5/3. Abilities
be

ZA OS

MAGE: The Ascension

Essence: Questing

Spheres

Life @@@OO
Mind @@000
Matter OO00O0

Arete
@@e@eoo000000

Willpower
@eeee000

J0000
NOOOO0O0000
Quintessence
»39Q

Ona ¢<
Paradox

Spheres; § Backgrgunds: 7 Free
A

Concept: Neo-Pagan

Player: Nature: Architect Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Conformist — Cabal:
Attributes xnneseexcmone
Physical Social Mental
Strength @0000- Charisma fersuasive Perception
Dexterity @@@00 = Manipulation Intelligence
Stamina @@000) Appearance Fretty _ Wits
Abilities =
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Drive @@000 Computer. OOO00O
Athletics OO0O0NO Etiquette @@000 = Cosmology. @0000
Awareness @@@00 Firearms OQ0000 Culture @0000
Brawl @0000 Leadership OOO0O0O0 _ Enigmas @0000
Dodge OO0000 Meditation @0000 Investigation OO00O0
Expression. @@000 = Melee OO00O0 Law OOO000
Intuition @0000 Research OOO0OO Linguistics OO0000
Intimidation OOOCOO - Stealth @0000 = _— Medicine @0000
Streetwise. OOOOO Survival @@000 = Occult @0000
Subterfuge OOOO0 - Technology OQOOOO Science OO000O0

Advantages a]

Prime
Spirit

Time OO0000
Health
Bruised 00
Hurt 10
Injured 1Q
Wounded 20
Mauled 20
Crippled 50
Incapacitated QO
Experience

Study Points

i@ Points:,15 (7/S/4/2/1)_ _
be


Appendix One:

‘Ancient Wisdom

erbena Magick

No living organism can continue for long to exist sanely

under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are

supposed, by some, to dream

Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House

The Spheres of Magick

Verbena view magick somewhat differently
than the other Traditions. As they origi
nated many of the Spheres, they have a more
primitive conception of how magick works,
yet their use of various Spheres often shows
a brilliance unparalleled even by the Tradi
tions which nominally specialize in those

areas

Correspondence — The Art of the

Pathways

Verbena see Correspondence as a way of moving from
place to place — not as a rigid hierarchy of space/time
They see the ley lines and move through the paths much

like a spider moves through her web.

Entropy — The Art of the Fates
Life...and death. The Art of the Fates is the art of
knowing about death, decay and the path that Life must
take. The most powerful Verbena have mastered this art
because they realize that knowledge of Life is nothing
+ of Time is

without knowledge of Death, just as knowled

nothing without knowledge of Fate. Verbena see the Fates
as lines of possibility streaming out from the now, and
revere the teachings which show them how to choose,
measure out and cut the twines of Fate.

Forces — The Art of Winds

Dancers on the edge of ecstasy, Verbena hold that they
first shaped the forces of weather to allow early humans to

survive, and later to provide good weather for crops. De-

spite the advent of technology and electricity, Verbena

Appendix One 61


largely see the Art of Winds as control over the forces of
weather, although many of them recognize the tides and
flows of electricity to be very like the blowing of the wind.

Life — The Art of Blood

This primordial Sphere is the focus of the initial
Verbena training. Verbena use the Art of Blood to gently
shape bodies so that they grow stronger, better, more
beautiful. They work with the Lifeflow, the tendency for
life to keep moving, changing, dying, and reproducing
itself. This is the problem they have with the Progenitors:
the Progenitors believe either that the Lifeflow is a super-
stition, or that they themselves have discovered the means
by which to control it.

Matter — The Art of Crafting

Long ago, Verbena shaped the first stone cutters and
knives with their power. Now the Art of Crafting serves
them to create tools and craft things of beauty or power.
The Art also deals with the use of herbs, roots, seeds, and
non-living organic things.

Mind — The Art of Sight

Though long neglected by Verbena, the Art of Sight
helped them to survive during the Burning Times through
the careful shaping of minds. Curiously enough, many
Primordial Verbena specialize in this art, claiming that the
Wyck used it before they were Embodied.

Prime — The Art of Power

Many Verbena consider the Art of Power important
but secondary, although some of the most powerful Ver
bena are Masters of this art. Many young mages try to
master it as well, thinking they can outdo their older
mentors through studying the base nature of magick

Spirit — The Art of Calling

Also called the Art of Drawing, this is the body of
chants, songs, dances and poetry that reaches back to the
first times. Summoning spirits is now the specialty of
Dreamspeakers, and has stagnated among Verbena except
among those of Questing natures.

Time — The Art of Turning

Verbena feel that time is a wheel, always repeating and
always moving ahead. Farther back in time, it becomes a
spiral: a circle with no end that continually moves down
into the past. When you step back through Time, you ride
that spiral. Many of the pattern-oriented Verbena were
shocked at the Progenitors' use of the double-spiral as a
symbol for DNA. The double-spiral has long been the
symbol that represented both the Lifeflow and the Timeflow
— as they are linked together. Because of this belief, the
Verbena hold certain times of the year to be special, and
created the first calendars to mark these times.

Shapechanging
Although true shapechanging requires ##*#® Life,

many with © ¢*¢ Life risk taking on higher-mammal forms
(such as wolves, dolphins and whales) without the special

62 Verbena


Mythic Threads

Magickal footholds inmodern belief, Mythic Threads embody supernatural or paranormal trappings that remain a part
of the collective unconscious. Something "special" within these concepts calls to modern minds, and they retain some
power even in the most industrialized societies.

In game terms, a Mythic Thread is something that shapes a mage's magick style and philosophy. Used cleverly, Mythic
Threads can turn otherwise vulgar Effects into coincidental ones; a Sleeper is much more likely to believe in a fortune teller

reading his mind through tarot cards than in some stranger who just glances at himand learns the same things without effort.
Mythic Threads tie into cultural beliefs — concepts that can work in a mage's favor.

The different Traditions have different Mythic Threads — to a certain extent Do and the Digital Web are Mythic
Threads the Akashics and Virtual Adepts use. These ideas reflect and color the way a given mage views his magick; they
are symbols of his or her philosophy. The "Personalizing Magick" section in The Book of Shadows goes into this subject
in more detail, although it does not use the term Mythic Threads per se. Thread concepts shape the method of one's

By creative use of Mythic Threads, a mage may pass off some Effects as coincidental (see the Blatancy and High Ritual
Abilities in The Book of Shadows). This is largely a matter of Storyteller discretion, and will depend on the mage's
presentation, location and conviction. A' Verbena on Wall Streeyin a three-piece suit would have a harder time utilizing
Mythie Threads than if she were on the moors be in a midnight-blue cloak, her hair unbound and blowing dramatically,
Grossly, vulgar Effects — fire from one's fingertips, summoned demons, etc. — cannot be passed off under most
‘Circumnstanees, though this too can vary. Conjuring up the Loch Ness Monster in a Scottish loch would be more
Goincidental than creating a Tyrannosaurus in the Oval Office. As always, subtlety and reason should Bulge réality.

Mythic Threads of the Verbena include:

Mythic Creatures: The Loch Ness Monster, unicorns, werewlves, vampires, ghosts, and even ang and demons,
remain'a part of common belief. These legendary creatures live on in folklore (or other ways), despite the encroachment
of the static reality imposed by the Technocracy. Mages utilizing this Thread must be wary, however; Paradox abhors @
dramatic paradigm change.

Crafts: Witchcraft, astrology, divination (by tarot cards, runes, or Ching), herbalism, candle-spells, poppet-making,
crystals and gemstones, hypnotism, psychics, curses, and blessings all have place in a mage's magickal workings. Use of
any of these in the appropriate circumstances should lower the difficulty of the magick being cast.

Times: Samhain, Beltaine, Friday the 13th, Midnight, Dawn, Eclipses — all are times of power, especially for the
Verbena. Magick used during these times should have increased power— though not always of a predi¢tablesort! Naturally,
other times such as Sunday mornings, midday, or during the Ides of March might decrease the power of the magick, making
it more difficult for the Verbena to use. Such fluctuations in power would increase or decrease magick difficulty by one or
two (never more than three), places.

Superstitions: The number 13, black cats, an upside-down horséshoe, ravens and four-leaf clovers have been viewed
as explanations for things beyond mortal ken. Sighting any of these portents or carrying such talismans as a rabbit's foot
might increase the efficacy of magicks cast by Verbena. Conversely, bad omens might make their magick less strong or
prevent the Verbena from casting at all (see the Echoes Flaw).

benefits that come with those forms (water breathing,
flight, etc.). Such mages risk leaving their sentience be-
hind, as they do not fully understand what they are doing.
Shapechanging is very difficult to do coincidentally. Many
Verbena specialize in specific forms by purchasing that
form asa Knowledge (Mage, pes 145-146). A specialty form
lowers the difficulty by 1 when the mage is trying to change
into that animal.

Rotes

Sense the Fleeting Moment (* Time)

This rote allows a Verbena to sense the proper moment
in which to act. By using the Mythic Thread of astrology,
a Verbena may choose the perfect time and place to doa

specific thing, and may even be successful at discerning
whether or not the thing should be done at all.

[Each success on the magick roll lowers the difficulty
for one specific non-magickal task by 1. This is usually
coincidental. Once this single action ends, the magick ends
as well.]

Bloodsight (¢ Life)

This rote allows a Verbena to sense how healthy a
person is, what diseases (if any) she has, whether she is
insane or pregnant or how old she really is, and alerts him
to the presence of any foreign substances including bullets,
drugs, and alcohol. The Verbena also use this rote to
determine someone's lineage.

[Each success provides one fact about the target's
physical state.]

Appendix One 63


Dousing (¢ Life, * Correspondence)

Using a forked stick (hazel is best) and this rote, a
Verbena can search an area for the presence of water (or
oil), by sensing both the presence of minute life forms
attracted to the moisture, and the volume of liquid present.
This is useful both for discovering underground resources
and for finding water in an arid environment.

[Each success provides one more piece of information
about the liquid, i.e. if there is liquid present, how close to
the surface it is, how much there is, if it is safe to drink, etc.]
Mind)

Verbena often use this to rid themselves of people who

Banishing Blessing (** Entropy, *

are annoying but not actually threatening. By controlling
the randomn
suggestions,
will send the target away. These things are usually positive
the target wins the lottery and moves away
airline ticket voucher and flies to Paris for a week, or

s of everyday events and offering mental

a Verbena can cause things to happen which

, or finds a free

wangles a car ride even when the last possibility has dried
up.

[Each success sends the target away for more and more
time. The Effect is always beneficial rather than baneful;
this is seen as a more subtle means to be rid of others.]

Calling the Wind Lords (¢¢ Forces, ¢® Spirit)

This rote summons spirits of the wind, who will then
influence the local weather. The Verbena use this to alter
the weather slightly: a sunny day becomes cloudy, clouds
become rain, rain becomes a thunderstorm. Since the

weather is still not completely predictable even by the

science of meteorology, this Effect is usually coincidental.

[Each success on the roll enables the Verbena to alter
the local weather; the more successes she rolls, the greater
the change. Getting a cloud to block the sun for a moment

would require one success, while summoning a full-blown

storm would require five. These changes must be gradual

and slow; speeding the Effect can result in vulgar magick.
This weather-alteration affects the sky within immediate
sight of the Verbena, lasts fora "normal" length of time, and
cannot create phenomena out of nothing. Especially pow-
erful storms (hurricanes, tornadoes) are beyond the power
of this rote. Note that a larger weather pattern may evolve

after the rote is over: the weather is not a system one tweaks

without consequences]

64 Verbena

Circle Ward (¢¢ Spirit, © Mind, ** Prime)

This rote creates a circle of power within which a
ated by
summoning four separate and distinctly powerful spirits

Verbena can safely work. The ward itself is cr

(usually allied with one of the four directions, seasons, or

classical elements) and weaving a circular pattern out of

their spiritual essences. The result isa very strong ward that

can hold up against many kinds of direct magickal attacks.
[Each success on the roll gives the Verbena +1 to her

countermagick roll for the scene, as long as she stays within

the circle. This rote cannot be maintained for more than

‘one scene per point of Stamina].

° Life, ¢*Mind)

A Verbena may completely sway

Taliesin's Song (

nother's mind, sim-

ply by altering his vocal chords and singing. This control is
coincidental, and allows the Verbena to influence others.
Usually those who use this rote do so only when absolutely
necessary. The target must be able to hear the music sung
ful.

or words spoken for this rote to be success

[Each success on the roll adds an automatic success to
the Verbena's Social rolls against the target or targets
within range, for the magick's usual duration. This Effect
can be resisted by Willpower if the

coercion is being used, of course. Taliesin's Song is not

‘get is aware that some

terribly effective against other mages (who may be aware
that they are being bewitched), but is quite useful when
dealing with Sleepers.]

Merlin's
spondence to move others)

le (© Correspondence; #¢¢® Corre-

Ivis said this rote was first used to transport Arthur and
his army to Badon Hill when Arthur needed magickal aid

to defeat those who would not join him. To achieve this

Effect, the Verbena begins to walk, run, or ride (a horse is
preferable, although some Verbena have learned to do this
while driving a car). Slowly, the scenery begins to blur
around her as she travels toward her destination. The
traveler does not appear "differently" to outside ob:
the ¢

rve

as the Effect speeds and slows aveler gradually.

[Each success on the Effect roll reduc
20%. Five succe on the roll
almost instantaneously. Note that this Effect can be coin-

ravel time by
ause the user to arrive

cidental if done late at night or with very few witnesses, and
the area around the traveler is in deep wilderness or on a
lonely road.

ey set Two:

Center of
the Wheel

And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every

beast of the earth
—Géiesis 1X, ii

Lilith

Known as the Damned Queen or the Lady of
Night, Lilith is counted the first Verbena.
Indeed, many view her as the first feminist
and the first mage. The greatest of the Wyck,
dam's first wife. She

Lilith was said to be :
refused a subservient position and was driven
from the Garden. Lacking any comforts, she

had to create what she needed to sustain

herself in the darkness.

Lilith created a palace for herself in the Umbra. It was,
essentially, the first Horizon Realm. She gave birth to a
number of children, one of whom supposedly became the
ancestress of the Garou. When Cain was driven out, Lilith
sheltered and Awakened him. Because of the curse upon
him, he was changed into a vampire by his Awakening.
Lilith taught him her magick, which became the vampiric
Disciplines.

Appendix Two 65


It is said that Lilith could read the twines of Fate and
would share her knowledge with any who asked. Such
knowledge always came with a price, however. The beau-
tiful, dark woman whose eyes pierce through darkness and
disguise to read the soul is rumored to survive in her hidden
Realm. Tales abound of mages who learn deep magicks at
the feet of a goddess — a goddess with no navel, for Lilith
was created, not born.

Verbena acknowledge Lilith as the mother of all Ver-
bena and the originator of all Spheres of magick. She is
believed to have rescued the four secret Horizon Realms of

the Verbena from the shattered remains of the Mythic
World and set them floating in the Umbra, keyed to
Verbena magick. If this is true, Lilith may still have deal-
ings with the Tradition today.


Heasha

Heasha, an Adept, is the quintessential Celtic
earth mother type. In her mid-thirt
still looks youthful, with clear blue e
amane of flaming red hair which falls to her
waist. Though she is not ravishingly beauti-
ful, Heasha's dignity and grace command
attention and respect.

She learned he magicks from Night-
shade, the Verbena member of the Council
of Nine. Her vision of the future for Verbena
become a s

led her to

esperson for the Verbena to other Tradi-
ed as a teacher by many young
initiates. Her eloquence a

tions,
d passion speak for themselves,
and many older Verbena find themselves quoting her or
using one of her arguments when proving a point.

In recent years, He:
and integrate Orp!
her elders, He:

ha has led the campaign to locate
into the Verbena. Unlike many of
ha recognizes the power Orphans have to
offerand wants to encourage all ma
of Ascension rather than waste themselves in 2
party tricks.

toembrace the cause
gst and


The gruff, dour fellow who calls himself Sam
Haine is a troubleshooter for the Verbena.
He doesn't agree with most of the witchy
trappings and rituals so many of the Verbena
enjoy. He travels the world looking for pieces
of the Mythic Threads and coaxing them
back into reality or to Verbena Horizon
Realms where they can be pr

secondary job is as a debunker of the false
occult items and ideas the Syndicate sells to a gullible
public.
Because he sees himself as a lone crusader doing the
erbena's dirty work, he is rude, intolerant and difficult to
understand. Most Verbena would just as soon he shut up
and joined the Technocracy (except he knows too much)
Sam has been captured by the Technocracy more than
once and somehow managed to escape each time. Many
Verbena suspect he has allies or sympathizers within the
Technocracy, but if he does, he keeps his own counsel. The
only reason most Verbena trust him is that Sam Haine has
never been known to tell a lie or to repeat sensitive
information that someone asked him to keep quiet
Sam is able to change his appearance magickally and
likes to scout out new territories or situations in various
forms before he commits himself to action. To many

acquaintances, he is simply known as Changing Man


di-i

Poste

ZN SRS

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Essence: Concept:

Player: Nature: Mentor:

Chronicle: Demeanor: Cabal:
ATTlribute annexes seer

Physical Social Mental

Strength @0000- Charisma @0000 Perception @0000

Dexterity @0000-) Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000

Stamina @0000) Appearance @e0000 3 «(Wits @0000

Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges

Alertness 00000 Drive OOO00CO Computer. OO0000

Athletics. OOO00O _ Etiquette O0000 = Cosmology. OO0000

Awareness OOOOO Firearms OO00O = Culture 00000

Brawl OOOOO Leadership OOO00O0 Enigmas OO000

Dodge OOO0O Meditation OOO00O0 Investigation OOO00O

Expression. OOOO0O- Melee. OQO000 Law OOO00O0

Intuition OOOOO Research OOO0OO Linguistics 00000

Intimidation OQO0OO - Stealth OO000- Medicine OO0000

Streetwise OOOOO - Survival OO00O = Occult OO00O0

Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology OOOO0O Science OO0000

Advantages PTE PCE PETER

Spheres
Correspondence __OOOOO Life @0000 Prime 00000
Entropy. OO000 Mind OOOOO Spirit OO00O0
Forces OOO00O0 = Matter. OOO00O0 Time OO00O
Other Traits Arete Health
00000 OOOOO0OOONDO)N Bruised OO
00000 Willpower Hurt 10
00000 0000000000 Injured 1
00000 QOOOOOOUOOO0 Wounded 20
00000 Quintessence Canis d a :
OBER: 5 eng Incapacitated (el
Backgrounds 7 ° Experience
00000 a 0
00000 a Pp
00000 a
00000 fe) Fe < Study Points
00000 Sno
Py 00000 Paradox
- Attributes: 7/5/3. Abilities: 13/9/5 Spheres, 5 Backgrgunds:.7 Freebie Points:15 (7/8/4/2/1 "
AY raat ce = er he eh ls


AN (Sc

MAGE: The Ascension™
wero Vierits & Flaw s sess
Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus

EET TE EE -M agic k
Preferred Effects Rotes

- Talismans

Name Level Arete Quintessence Appeareance

Maneuver Accuracy

Damage
Punch 6 Strength

Grapple 6 Strength
Kick 7 Strength + 1
Bodyslam 7 Special; see Options


TON cS

MAGE: The Ascension™

eererserncern Ex panded Back 8r0und sesrescscmr=sseerne

Contacts, Sleeper Contacts, Awakened
Influence, Sleeper : 7 - Allies, Awakened
Resources 7 : 7 Mentor
= —_ Chantry

be Acolytes Node(s)

Gear (Carried) Equipment (Owned)
Foci Preferred Mythic Threads/Methods


AON. S

MAGE: The Ascension™
"History :
Awakening

Goals / Destiny

Seekings Quiets

SPECTER Description 2 ers emeeceren

Age
Apparent Age
Date of Birth
Age of Awakening - as :
Hair — =
Eyes. — — — —_—
Race.
Nationality. :
Height. - 7
Weight. — i a
Sex - "

Appearance / Nature of Avatar

Cabal Chart Character Sketch

edison

cl


Beneaih the Ti

ir na
Sacred witl : rt fr uiiSn, the 3 yave regained
a foothold ont th to As : ; Book «draws back
the curtain of myth hidin

The Magick is Wi

This Mage Tradition book trace ins Gui bena, their
allies and enemies, and their quest for undersuanding the Self in all its forms.

The Veebéna Tradition B
Verbena character templates

© Av insider's history of th
