# File: Victorian Age - Vampire.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


ren by: Justin Achilli, Kraig Blackwelder, Brian
Campbell, Will Hindmarch and Ari Marmell. Vampire and the
‘World of Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen
Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein*Hagen
Developed by: Justin Achilli
Editor: John "Superintendent Chalmers" Chambers
Art Director: Richard "Good Lord!" Thomas
‘on Thompson
y Davis, Rebecca Guay,
Locke, Matt Mitche
Andy Trabbold
Front & Back Cover Design: Ron Thompson

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal u
only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Mage the
Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Abe:

wre registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
hts reserved. Dark Ages Vampire, Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Wraith the Oblivion, ig the Dreaming, Werewolf the
Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War,
Trinity, Guide to the Cama Guide to the S and Victo-
arks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Alll ch

are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in
these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and
themes. Alll mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and
intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains
mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

Fora free White Wolf cat: all 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

(554 LITTON Dk
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

PUBLISHING


Dre

Tabl

ude: The Turning of Adam,

or Innocence Conque red

Chai
Cha:
} Cha
1 Cha
Cha

ter One: The Empire After Nightfall
oter Two: The Clans

ter Three: Characters
pter Four: Chasing Sunset

pter Tive: Storytelling

pter dix: Antagonists



Prelude:
i" Turning of Acam,
or Innocence Gonquere¢

4 1S SUE if arf hat I.
\e rotirned to eon. St Sas as I ried, « partially
iy, thriller season, ant Pha vordp eof us rid
ru rosso naipebed its sung ip th fatid wats tof the

Tins Cy eae

particular grder — pals, ight ning am a

Srimekam tape Ae a Bey

Leer tS sabit, uch tues dd cy

i ribary Loft ‘he nightitne fans, Te Wille

a return
BOY Fe

valor' C urope,fullethay unre of best sages
aan eae
wiper stitious peasants on

firy i) on Wonk ibe ys
CUE. hal wethon Lo ny ti The worst ender
sarost sunmor ia

This in eagle bits ad noerly far
} roe. re. Mea.

th
shor m was suestor to me Fhan Fa

in Styria theres Twas Cee


Through a proxy, I had arranged lodging in the private residence of some
aged and country-bound minor lord named Trobury who no longer found the
journey to London worth his while. These fine apartments, while more than
comfortable, were decidedly removed from any major thoroughfares, being
situated in a neighborhood that had, evidently, seen a notable reversal of
fortune in recent years. Lacking proper upkeep, the buildings along that and
other nearby streets evinced a pronounced shabbiness, even in the wan
illumination of the gaslights. The street lacked anything resembling a whole-
some character, a fact that troubled me not at all. Neither rake nor doxy posed
any threat to my welfare, though I was likely, in the fullness of time, to pose one
cotheirs. All the same, ifone sets up one's situation so as to be entirely insulated
from the very possbiliy of danger, then one has already been bested by the
circumstances of existence and may as well acknowledge as much and be buried
with all due ceremony.

From my pocket, I produced the key to the door of my new sanctuary. In
correspondence with my proxy, I had been most particular with regard to my
lodgings, particularly certain of the more... unustal elements.

I walked around the squat tower to insure that everything wasin order. The
place was at once simple, solid and unassuming. As I had been careful to
stipulate, it was built quite sturdily of stone. Alluding to London's aggressive
criminal element, I had requested that all of the pointed Gothic windows be
boarded up before my arrival in the interest of my personal security. From
without, the place looked rather like the tower of a prison or an abandoned
fortres

The exterior meeting with my approval, | unlocked the enormous oaken
door. The single oil lamp I had requested burned dimly, barely banishing the
shadows to their comers. Taking it up, toured my new rooms.

The various chambers were so luxuriously appointed as to verge on the
Dionysian. Silk and velvet were the only fabrics in evidence. Blocking the view
of the boards, the sharply arched s were exquisitely
wrought, and should I ever tire of looking at them, I could pull the heavy velvet
draperies. Every color in that room wasas rich and deep as nature allowed, and
the room was beautiful, though the walls were so busy with draperies, tapestries
and queer old paintingsasto renderall of the roomsa touch claustrophobic. The
large stand-up mirror in the boudoir only served to multiply the sensual richness
of the room.

Afterabit of necessary settling in, [donned my capeand wentback out into
the night. There was much to do in this old, new city

As made for busier and brighter streets, it seemed as though I was walking

uuntlet of whores. They lingered in doorways and rippled into and out of
alleyways like cats, frequently shadowed by the nervous looking men they
entertained, One young and tender strumpet had the temerity to block my path

Dressed right nicely you are, guy. Too nice for these parts. Lookin' for
somethin', I'd say. Care to give it a toss?"

feigned bashfulness, stared alternately atthe ground and at herbosom, and
she became bolder and took my hand.

"Y'r‘and's cold, guv

'm sure you could warm it for me, my dear."
"Aye, I'm sure too. I ‘ave a nice warm alley I can show you right over ‘ere,

if you'd care to follow me. Get your ‘and real warm like."


I fol
shadowe
hicbr
glow
more upstan
the more su

present myself to London's nighttime society without The lights of th

dinarily fine
iching the win
on without al if ‘ time, it w
them. My hur |, late, and there were si walking arm in arm
nion. It would not do to. down many of the

efine places, wher

walked down the fine streets wearing all their finery

TE TURNING OF ADAM


despair for which London was known. It was along such
streets that the haves gathered with other haves to
discuss the filthy and uneducated have-nots. A man
med Marx had not so long ago written a book on such.
matters, and so, it was quite frequently the topic of
conversation among the clean and learned upperclasses.
And there, in the midst of all the strolling couples,
thingof superstition and old wives' tales, walking
jongst them, noting their pretty ways, their pleasant,
empty chatter, their formal and eloquent manners, their
glaring hypocrisy, their pent up, unspeakable desires.
The ardent student of everyday behavior can gain in-
sights into human nature that, after just a few years'
study, seem like telepathy. It's what allows mediums to
read their marks well enough to feign a departed loved
one's postmortem je 'aime. It's what had just allowed a
Viennese doctor named Freud to write books cataloguing
the commonest forms of hysteria seen in the daughters of
the comfortably bourgeois. And, when unbounded by
the constraints ofa single lifetime, it allowed me to see
the soul ofa man or a woman and all the stai
‘A man in a top hat passed me. He was wealthy,
almost certainly an aristocrat. The look on his face was
thinly disguised rage. [twas his intent to commit murder.
‘A woman passed me holding her husband's hand.
She loathed him, and yer, his family's money provided
her with things she otherwise would not have, and his
nightly advances were worth suffering through in order
that she might flaunt diamonds on her wrist, her fingers
and on her sweet, delicate throat.

it bore.

A block later, I spotted a young couple. She was
naive, idealistic, in all likelihood, still virgin. Hersmile
was utterly genuine, and I wanted her. Until I saw her
betrothed. When I looked more closely at him, it was his
beauty, his innocence that cried out to me.

The English are not, on the whole, an attractive
people. It isa nation of ruddy cheeks, crooked teeth and
warts. Youth, when gifted by good breeding, can occa-
sionally hold off many of these blemishes, but in the end,
time undermines the efforts of even the most desperate

Narci

This young man's charm and appeal were d:

The girl whose hand he held was completely taken with
him — and understandably so. His skin was fine and
smooth, his teeth straight and white, his eyes clear and
kind. Hisblackhairlay slightly mussed, but no lesssilken

forthat. Theirpostures gave awayan excitement,adesire
foroneanother. Their wedding date was imminent, most
likely Christmas or New Years. I found that problematic.
Were they to wed, he would have been taken, be-

smirched, rendered less able to fly with me amongst the
assemblages of London's night birds

‘She whispered in his ear, and he smiled, and in his
smile was all that I wanted to draw out of him, and from
that moment on, no other companion would do.

They walked in search of a carriage. She, delicate
virgin, needed to be taken home and safely deposited
with her family.

In my own carriage, I followed. | remembered the
address of her home and the face of her father as he stood
at the front door to take custody once more of his
daughter. Although I could not hear the cordial conver-
sation in its entirety, I learned that her name was
Annabelle. Her father was referred to simply as "Mister
Pfenning."

Ibribed my hackney driver not to be suspicious as |
told him to follow the carriage in front of us. When our
quarry's carriage stopped, I again took note of the house
address. Not so grand a place as that of Annabelle's
parents, but impressive for a man so young.

‘We both paid our respective drivers and got out of
our carriages at the same time. He began to walk to the
gate of his house, and I called out to him.

"L say, excuse me, good sir, but could you tell me
where Trobury Tower is? I've only just arrived in town,
and cannot fathom the organizational principle of this,
blasted city."

He did not want to hear me. He was too aglow with
his evening with Annabelle, but the privilege of being a
Victorian gentleman carried a multitude of obligations.
He first assessed that I was not a beggar or a criminal of
any ilk. My smile, more soothing than a living man's,
convinced him that I couldn't possibly be. My strange-
ness, pethaps some hint of an accent I may have picked
up since leaving London, intrigued him.

"L believe I know where iti, sir, but it has not been,
for years, the kind of place a gentleman of your evident
stature would care to visit — not by night in any case."

His eyes were unable to leave my face.

"Indeed? In that case, 1 would be most appreciative
if you could see fit to accompany me to any quality
establishment of your choosing that I may pick your
mind with regard to other ways the city has changed in
my absence."

His lovely Annabelle forgot
me. He was too naive to mask the awe that my glamour
had ignited within him. En route, | introduced myself to
himas Dr. Fordon Fortunato Fell, only recently returned
from extensive travels to Europe's most easterly
Although he thought my name odd, he had the grace not
to say so.

now, he saw only


At the tavern, I bought him a potent brandy and
questioned him about the city, about his betrothal to the
lovely Annabelle, abouthis vocation and hisavocations.

My beautiful young man's surname was
Killian, Jam. His youth and
innocence radiated from him the
way that fragrance wafts from

eysuckle. Who would not

e desired to possess that

boy? Even the great
Apollo was humbled by
the beauty of his
Hyacinthos

He was not a
drinking man, so
his mind was loos-
enedafteronly the
second drink.

"Surely, you

would be willing

There was
noresistance. He
consented, and we
took our leave.

Trobury Tower was
petha
away by ca

I of ten minutes
iage. When I in.
vited him in, he could not get
the better ofhis fascination. After
locking the door, I showed him
my luxurious refuge. While he
marveled at the intricacy of the

trabhsld

stained glass, I opened the veins on my wrist
ght razor. Approaching from be
nst his, placed my

ig wrist at his lips and said "Take this."

with a str
I pressed my body

There was nothinghe would not have done at
that moment to win my approval. I watched his
every movement in the standing mirror before us.
His lips closed, he suckled, and I felt his body shudder
Against my own.

Perhaps half an hour later, I left him at his door-
step. into his beautiful eyes, | told him that none

of this had r
Annabelle and gone directly hi

lly happened, that he had left his lovely
e to bed and he there.
fore had nothing to feel ashamed of

His absence hurt me. I wandered the streets of
London for the rest of the night, reacquainting myself, as,
muchas the fog allowed, with the city of my birth and its
institutions

When the eastern horizon turned gray, 1

returned tomy quarters. Within Trobury Tower
enormous canopy bed carved from
some dark and heavy wood. Beneath it
was the casket wherein I rested by day
My second night in London, I
woke and fed quickly. Finding
a tavern with a suitably
shed clientele,
I claimed for myself a
booth near the dark
back of the room. Si
lently, I called my

companion to me
While 1 waited
for the beautiful
Adam Killian, Thad
the barmaid bring
to the table one
bottle of vivid
green Pernod

Fils,an

absinthe spoon,
water and a bow!
of sugar
When,
minutes later, Killian ar

twenty

rived, he was furious.
"My deepest apol

for being so late, Dr. Fell. 1

hhad to take my leave of dear

Annabelle,

costed by not fewer than

three ofthedamned prossies
that infest this wretched city

They arean affront to the,
people ofthiscity, and the dainty
little sodomites who ply their vice in
the molly housesare even worse, ifsuch
a thing is possibl
His exasperation detracted from
his beauty, so I sought to soothe him
"Do not denigrate the whores, Killian,
of either sex. I have learned, over the
course of years, that they fulillamyriad
of functions and are poorly rewarded for their troubles,
simply by virtue of the fact that they labor not in factories,

like the base classes nor in offices like the privileg

THETURNING OF ADAM


poo ayy Tuas0uU! ayp jo Aense-rope:
Jewmsou jo sownsavut ‘ameu ul
-ayd ‘y]2q oxeumi0g 10290q,

pue souorssu
ny Jo s9ydosoy
Suyjmusun ‘porjdaz |
ayp pr
{|9YsNas]9 OF 01 Ysa AYsTUL JaIsIS INA pue NOK sdeyrod
‘uoyp ‘puaiy e Yara aypuisge Suqiquut Jo Buruaaa asus e
40) Ids s,4oq 200d ay BuPjearq UO 1UATUT aze NO‘ J! pUE
sy weyp wew zn0q YonuL & st ay ‘BuTUAed] puE 22U9193 jo
‘uew parsadsaze ure | ySnoypyy res Apswou AD st uEUE
ay zeyp asonae wD | pure IysTU ASE] METTLE APY YALA seas |
‘aig, -Aey ouput paurof | seomyp Aww Suye9]> <1pno]
supypins Buryoo]
suepy [rynneag Aw pueajjaquuuy Surdsom ayp sosuens
asoni]]9q ay suosiad aarp oped ayz URpIN ‘az9M
SUD "UHBUO Sut Jo WOOL a4p1 02 9SIOU DYp P2AO]]0} |
_cWeH PY ‘peut 2u" nos pue udyzerstur
aunb st saisis Sur uayp ‘are nok yf ZaxpUIsge Jo 10po
yp ‘ssouuayunup jo swiordusss ax Mouy 10U op "UeIDIS
Aud v *] 1eyp uorssazdun axp sapun nos any jqaystuprur
ased JJ [UN sUIOY Nok oY WIMAX 20U pur'

1p St OYA, 49SN9IE Po]

.@uepy udu

spas
ayeursBouiod jo a21nf aupeuresut yams ayp a4] PHOm
‘yp |] 404 payoo] a1 1ayai‘sdyy paused sty o1u0 disp pooyq

rw

spassesayp ‘sno1saud ay 9} | Asta Uo AuIBUNNIG "WHY or
‘a80]9 saup J ‘pauls ay UY "ow parduray 19840] OU aE
2eY Os Yau Sty UO punom [Jew ax PayeaY pey | 3949
sty Jo ]]ey pue asia oy Suryoren "wy or axoU Ae |
/poo|q shy Jo ssaundams axp pue ynos
paranbuooun sty jo ae} aya Ul paroisnw avy pjnoo |
Jonuos ou sea a1ayp asnes9g 3xdU yp 02 PHHOM sip Woy
passed aavy Ajauns pjnom
sox0yas Jo Poo]q ay UO j]9sKut paxIN]S 20U | PeY

PY ‘Bunaaur ano 91099,

uorey]nxa sea sty SBuypoay 10U Sea SY],
‘unny ase
(02 Aquo paaueas | $pooyg s1y Jo Koy 1[Fy 94 24BAs 204 PIP |
jazeq asnf ang "urys paouaid yaoar Aw you siy uo z93UH]
sdyj Aur Sum97 -ysay s1y Jo quads ayp [pours "wry Woy,
Burst avay ayp [99} pjno> | >x>eq Peay sty payind pue sey
Spey auy sty paqquss ‘|]nys Ajadeys sty yaeauaq puey,
Sw paypeas | ‘poq atp uo wity 01 3xau Burk] "o8a10} pjNod
TIM paxenaso Aw ueyp aiour sem romp papuayapun
pur aaMs sIy Jo IYBIS ayp ‘pay pey | YBno~TY.
‘uum Aut aq pjhom 31 ‘uoos — paworsnaoe sem ay YDIyAt
(01 ay puosag pom e uny Bi
YL yJpsuny Suunfur anoyiN suoneuronypeY sty oH
{Ur aya pjnos ay azyae ‘3]INb sJorep ayp Uo AppUas UY
pre] | yemoy Aangory Jo Aovatad Auoas oyp or pounds
‘9m pure ‘oes ap OF WHY pated | ‘299e] 9UI aUIOg,
quesp puy yuwp puy yuLp aH
esosturoud 11 saznseajd Jo anioqeie> oyp pue "UeN TY Ay
‘apy Buo} 02 YUU, ‘pres | ‘ado ay UL UNTY ZUPAOO]
"aurya snoaiseu 01 ua918
press woxy paSuey> ssvj8 ayp Jo sumo axp ‘oIeA
pauarsams axp jo uonppe axp tpt jy "uoods ayp Ysnomp
Jaren atp ut poinod pur "Apuas 98.014 Suns Au ut
yea1q ost os asn Aqjensn pjnomauo uy 240%

MOYS SLM POOAIION

uesnsypin

woods ayputsqe panoys ayp pay ‘ssej3 siy our sonby
plesura.atp jouonzod snosaua v painod  ‘Burkesog

4ssaansvajd 2n0x9 a10u ayp 20) wonRerDaxdde
‘uv ayeanjn> 01 294 aaey nok apyas ‘out puryDq SUo]
are step Surgqiqun-oypursqe Ay "OU [eYS | "SET,
«ja WO! NOK THA,
{cOS Ypnua A194 Swrepy sap "os your 419A,
«{01 aw 92 NOK PIO, "PIES 94
‘anmoytog pure ssausnoroeat Aut q pauuzesip *4]400 1sou
-[¥ "ure auospuey poxess ay ‘uanofi0y 983 SI
4Q0U NOK pjnow
‘on ayy] yomur {aaa p,no4 aeqp yunRp f, PIES | ING,
achateg U9919, pay[e> os ayp Jo uayenred 10u aaey | ‘ou
0s J 4 Aq] 198 WeIWaYOg ax OUT [9434 204 Op |,
ec YEMEN ayy "oUpUISqe SuPULp jo aanseajd ap pey 1949
os avy, "1Da/qns ayp a8ueyD or ay mes | Burses og
‘Surpueastpimiou Ayerour papuru-ysry
Suen Ey HOM st>4s0 94 "sheansayfe pauarfsep UL ng ‘sasse]>


last night in my rounds of London's gray and haunted
streets, something he'll be doing a great deal more of
forth.

off for the foreseeable future

His marriage to your sister, I'm afraid, must

You're mad." stated the interloper.

"Lam not." Hooked at Adam, caught his eye directly
and said "Come stand with me, Adam.
at and stood near enough to me that | could

He rose at once
from his,
hear the beating of hisheart. "Adam is preparing to enter
anew and enthralling period of his life, one beyond your
understanding. It would be in the best interest of all
involved for the lovely Annabelle to find another suitor
and to leave Adam to his am
Adam's ear I whispered, "Dismiss them."
"Annabelle... Charle:
discuss this at the moment."

1g discoveries." Into
please go. I'd rather not

The two departed, Annabelle in tears, Charles en-
raged. After this evening, my companion would happily
avoid his former fiancée and her combative brother, but
just then, he was in a fragile state.

He looked tired. It was to be expected. Making the
transition from his world to the world of the night was
bound to take its toll. It always did.

"Poor Adam. Youmustnotdwell on those people, do
you understand? Put on your coat, and follow me. There
is a most bewitching distraction to which I need must
introduce you."

Adam, enrapt, followed. We did not take a carriage.
The cold air of night, the exercise, would do my young
companion good. As we walked through the fog, I had
him tell meeverythingabout Annabelle's brother: where
his office was, his home address, the name of his wife and
children.

We arrived at our destination nearly an hour later. A
young Indian man opened the door. I smiled at him
winningly and said, "We are here for the airs of inspira.
tion, my good man.

He ushered us into a chamber of moderate size
furnished only with an abundance of silken pillows. In
the center of the room was an elaborate hookah,

"Now, dear Adam, you will have a taste of dreams
like you've never had before."

The opium affected him both quickly and power

fully. He was soon reclining on the pillows, wholly
bur [left
instructions with our host that Adam not be disturbed
from his reverie before my return.

incapable of conversation. I had errands to

My hunger, by that time, was sharp. I took a carriage
directly to Charles Pfenning's home. The lovely Mrs.

Pfenning was only too happy to ask me in. Her husband,

she informed me, was upstairs, reading in his study after
a most taxing day. I thanked her and told her that I could
find my own way up.

Withis

toseeme.

moments, good Doctor Pfenning waspleased
"Here is what you remember of thisafternoon,
I said staring into his eyes. "You met privately with your
sister, the pristine Annabelle, and in a moment of
weakness, you fell prey to her young feminine charms.
You forced yourself upon her unnaturally. Your poor
violated sister escaped you and fled, no doubt to the
authorities, and now, you are alone in your despair,
awaiting the justifiably severe consequences of your
brutish act."

He grew immediately ashen faced.

"It's a bad situation, Charles, but chin up. As a
physician," I offered, "you have access to many... agents
of relief, do you not? Lethal curatives to release you from
the consequences of your deeds?" He hastened immedi-
ately to his apothecary bottles and began searching
through them. I watched him formulate, brew and drink,
and by the time the good (and inexplicably anemic) Mrs.
Pfenning found her dead husband, she never remem:
bered that he had received a visitor.

En route back to Adam, I paid a generous sum to a
whore to buy all of her clothes. She was pale as the moon
and clearly pregnant. How I wanted to drain the warmth
from her! I reigned in the Beastand let her go. Naked, she
scuttled back to whatever hovel she resided in to dream
of the beautiful new clothes she would buy on the
morrow.

At the opium den, I gathered up my charge, and we
returned to Trobury Tower, where | set the whore's
clothes on a chair in the boudoir.

Behind the tower's great oaken door, I once more
tasted my new companion. His blood was rich with
dreams and all the s\ ter for it. His beautiful
languidly behind their long lashes.

I removed my shirt, to prevent its getting stained,
and brought out the straight razor once more. I lay next
woA
dreaming head to loll backward, parting his lips. I cut my

placed my arm beneath his neck, allowing his

throat and pressed the wound to his mouth and felt him
come alive beneath me. The embrace in which he held
me was strong, desperate. I gave until I was weak. Had he
taken more [ almost surely would have fallen prey to my
own inner demons, and that I would not allow

Pushing him away, I saw that his eyes were no longer
clouded with fantasies. They were alive, awake, aware.

"We have one last bit of business to attend to, sweet
Adam, before our great adventure is over with for the
evening. Let us go and pay a visit to your former fiancée."

THE TURNING OF ADAM


2

Iwas Annabelle's father who answered the door in
his ni
Annabelle's room, just as Annabelle was happy to ac-

clothes. He was happy to escort us up to

company us on a walk on such a fine autumn night. The
oldman would never remember our visit and would have
no idea how his daughter had left the house

A carriage took the three of us back to Trobury
Tower. Once inside, I looked at the girl and said, "Strip."
She had long been trained to obey men. She didn't even.
balk.

My hunger was growing more insistent, but I refused

to allow it to impinge on the virtuosity of this... spec

yazed at Adam, who looked confused, conflicted.
et Adam, please remove your clothin;

tated, but acceded.

TRELUDE

During my time in Eastern Europe, I had the oppor

tunity toattend a performance of the Russian ballet, and

if ever a man had the body of a dancer, it w: dam. It
fect as the flesh can be

Now," I said, "take her."

He did not move. Either his Victorian conscience
was rebelling at this notion, or he did not want to offend
me. I preferred to believe it was the latter, and | appreci
ated his sensitivity, but it would not do for my ultimate
goal. I looked at my beloved, nodded in the naked
"Ravish her.

Annabelle's direction and said, As you

would have on your wedding night

ntler than I wanted him to be. I watched,


cried and fought, moaned and cooperated. It was over quickly, and I was
glad of it

"Go clean yourself." I directed Adam.
and." [told the girl, and she did. Annabelle's virginal blood stained

the quilt and, intermingled with other fluids, still ran still down her thigh,
the chief ingredient in a heady, primordial cocktail.

Iknelt before her, cleaned her intimately and drank from her as I had
never drunk from any vessel. [handed the whore's garb to her and told her
to dress herself. She did so slowly and unsteadily as the tears rolled down
her pale cheeks.

lam returned, the stain of Eve washed away
ed proudly upon him. "I've tasted you in new ways, dear Adam.
Id you drink from me again?" I handed him the straight razor.

For a moment, he hesitated, until | asked, "Where is your love for me,
Drink!" Ina flash, he had snatched the razor from my palm and was
like a ravenous animal; were it not for my diabolical resilience, his

zor stroke would have severed my hand. As it was, he cut deeply enough
long, deep draught
sit, take as much as you can. Drain me that I may drain the
lovely Annabelle completely."

He drank until sated.

In tur, I beckoned to the weeping Annabelle and, holding her close,
drained her dry. Her beauty at that moment was stunning. My little
courtesan would never age further, never be seen wrinkled and ugly, never
be forced to bear the indignities of pregnancy or childbirth.

Under cover of darkness, we dumped her small body in an alleyway
frequented by whores.

Iwalked through the fog, my companion at my side. "Tomorrow night,
we shall buy you beautiful new clothing, and we shall present ourselves t0

Mithras, whereupon your induction into midnight's demimonde will be
complete, dear Adam. So long as you remain with me, you will not die.
Your beauty will never fade. If you choose to sing, your song need never

end, and should you wish to dance, you will dance forever."



ie apter One:
The Empire After
‘hail

ae wuas {HO season ep libs 5
Darkyess,tuart ti, 10, it was C1
ci inter bs Spalt, ye Se

"Bet Bee. ws ae Mos

The sup ioe) pels or Die 2, a ioribrd iting,

ae: te fer be 14 oe

D theS bic

( oe ‘potter Fol
ee Ss 7 pr es Hn O76, e
Sin. rea ee: sa Gf Ua iin y,peor mer aie
og intlgmen monsters pre t
kon trasts, ge sille iis ay

pt Lio By/ ape peed

want Wwistecratic tradiin Vis Clee
4g idtorian HE;

&
)
‘GZ


Those three words express the extremes of this era. The word "Gothic"
comes from a literary tradition that flourished in the mid-19th century. By
the end of the century, it undergoes a certain renaissance, showing the
persistence and endurance of ancient evils in an evolving world. The word
"Victorian" refers to the era when the Queen of England governed an
empire spanning the globe. Victoria has ruled the breathing citizens of the
Empire since 1837; thus, few alive can remember the time before her reign.

As forthe "age" itself (for the purposes of this book), itspans almost wo
decades. The Gothic Victorian age begins in 1880. That same year, a
conspiracy of secret masters guides the founders of a new occult society: the
Golden Dawn. Although mortals begin the movement, the Kindred soon
infest it, finding new ways to attract living initiates. They then spread like
wildfire through the secret societies of the age. The rebirth of occult arts
and sciences brings wondrous opportunities to those who can marshal
supernatural forces —and unspeakable terrors to those who cannot oppose
them

The era ends in 1897, when a Transylvanian count arrives in London.
Vlad Dracula whispers in the ear of an Irish author a story that will
revolutionize the world —and strain the Masquerade to its very limits. Like
his fictional counterpart, he shatters the boundaries between worlds,
leaving horror in his wake. By the time of Victoria's death, the Gothic
Victorian age has drawn to a close. Only through sagas and stories can we

recapture the essence of this fictional world, and that is the very purpose of
this book.

The World of Darkness

Welcome to another realm, one shrouded in fog and lit by flame. The
history of the Gothic Victorian age is like that of our own world, but itis
‘one in which monsters prowl the night. They could just as well survive in
the shadows of our world — or at least in the shadows of our past. Later
generations of vampires herald this time as the height of their unseen
Civilization. Yet, the mists of time are like London's fog: They distort all we
think we perceive

Throughout the era, the inhabited realms of the globe can be divided
into two extremes: the civilized world, lit by gaslight, and the barbarous
lands, lit by torchlight. In civilized cities, great facades built of marble and
stone are stained with the soot of the Industrial Age. By night, they are
stained with the blood of the innocent. In the barbarous lands, vampires
devolve into humanity's worst nightmares. They revel in the freedom ofthe
old ways and the potency of ancient power.

Victorian tales are florid and overwrought; thus, the vampires of the

ve as paragons of Victorian ideals. With equal pathos, they serve as

‘exemplars of tragedy and ignominious villainy. Some seek redemption or
nobility or forgiveness, evincing some sense of moral certitude — even if
they are cursed to fail. Others defy civilization itself, displaying extreme
acts of amorality that exceed even the most extreme tales of horror.

Rebirth

Perhaps you have seen this world before. Perhaps it is all too familiar.
Yet, tofully understand it, you must lookatit in adifferent light: asoft flame


kindled for millennia and held up against the growing
darkness that surrounds it. The century to come will
almost extinguish that fire. In the decades that follow,
technology revolutionizes the world, aristocracy becomes

achronism, gentlemanly behavior becomes obso-
ete, and world wars ravage the planet. The idealists of
that brave new world become even more jaded and
degenerate, forgetting the propriety and etiquette of the
Victorian era. Forget these shadows of a future past.
id the pro
passion plays may rewrite it in their own image.

History is yet to be written, onists of our

To recapture the spirit of that bygone age, its very
Zeitgeist, you must die and be reborn: You
world anew as a vampire's childe. A deathless monster
has exsangi

nust see the

ated you completely, in spirit as well as
flesh. For a purpose you cannot fathom, he has drained
your blood, leaving you to die. He then bestowed a curse
upon you through the strength of his vit
his blood, condemning you to a state neither living nor
dead. He may act as your sire, instructing you in the

the power of

etiquette and traditions of vampiric society. Or he may
be your damnation, burying you alive and leaving you to
fight for survival as an animate corpse, an "Un-Dead"
creature thirsting for human blood. Regardless of his
means, if he has created other childer, you may need to
contest against them to ensure your very survival. Just as
vampires feed upon mankind, they exploit each other as
well. Be careful whom you trust.

If you believed in the mercy of God and the promise
of Heaven, then your God has forsaken you. This age is

one when faith is strong and damnation is absolute. The
progenitors of your race rebelled against Man and God

alike, and you have inherited their original sin. Itis your
birthright, your legacy, your inheritance through blood.
More than a mere infection or disease, your very soul has
withered under the blight of spiritual corruption. Every

church is now a bastion of faith whose walls have been
built to hold you at bay. The cross is a sign of a religion
that has rejected you, reviled youand wouldactively seek
unlight is anathema to you, for through

tism of blood, youhave been reborn asa creature

todestroy you.
your by
‘of darkness. The Embrace may have been given as an
unholy blessing, but ic is soon to become your undying

You shall be the villain in this Gothic tal
asa madman hiding in shadows or as a cruel overlord
languishing in a crumbling castle by moonlight. Racked
with angst and tormented with regret, you must reject
your cruel fate with true Victorian spirit. The gaslit
streets of a vast city beckon, offering a respite from

whether

madness and uncertainty. Yet beyond the reach of its
nacreous illumination, the darkness of the wilderness

calls, promising new revelations of the depth of your
degeneration. Should you rush toward the light or cham-
Jpon rebirth, the first choice you
make shall determine your destiny. Will you pretend to
be mortal in the civilized world or descend into mon:

pion the darkness?

strous degeneracy in the barbarous lands?

The Civilized World
Queen Victoria
Damned. Indefatigable engines of industry drive loco-

empire offers wonders, even to the

motives and steamships around the globe. Webs of
telegraph wires unite distant countries in rapid commu-
nication. Science attempts to redefine man's role in the
evolutionary pageant, tests the limits of human sanity
and strains to see eternity in the "luminiferous ether" of
spat
Victoria's empire bear what Kipling will call the "bur-
den" of spreading civilization around the globe. Idealism.

With similar effervescence, the upper class of

and imperialism are as omnipresent as hypocrisy

The fictional heroes of this Victorian empire cham-
pion these new ideals with a purity few mortals can
emulate. Holmes employs reason to eliminate crime.
Phileas Fogg traipses around the world in 80days. Verne's
heroes travel to the center of the Earth, the kingdoms of
the moon and an airship fortress fit for aman who would
bekingof the world. Yet, herealso we find Frankenstein's
monster seeking the meaning of his existence in a mean,
ingless world, mad Nemo forsaking mankind for an
ocean kingdom and the Invisible Man driven to bestial
acts in gross displays of supernatural power. Even in
fiction, the extremes of the Victorian psyche are evident.

The upper crust of society emulates these heroes.
Sadly, their counterparts — the impoverished and squalid
denizens ofthe largest cities — hold litle significance to
idealists, save as object lessons of Dickensian propor
tions. Within the largest empire in history, ignorance
and suffering are as widespread as syphilis and consump-
tion. Children sweep away manure in the streets so that
the wealthy may rem:
dren d

n unsullied; many of these chil-
of horrific diseases long before adulthood. The
Industrial Revolution has just begun, but there are, as
yet, no truly mechanized methods of mass production. If
work is to be done, it requires human hands. Men,
women and children labor long hours for starvation
wages, living and dying in the shadow of the Machine.

In shocking rebellion against this unfair and impov-
erished world, an underworld thrives—itisa world with
its own laws, regardles
Cracksmen and scavengers, flash girls and whores, beg
gars and burglars, flower girls and sewer hunters — the
pageant of the

of what the police may insist

inderworld lives and dies in the same
cities of Victorian gentlemen and ladies, sometimes only

THE EMPIRE AFTER NGHTEAL


a few blocks away from their ostentatious homes.
Costermongers wheel carts of goods through the streets,
acting as lookouts against the constabulary and their
truncheons. The wealthy profit while "unfortunates
sh, sometimes at the hands of
Even the Un-Dead cannot equal th
slayers such as the Lambeth Poisoner and Jack the
Ripper. Fire and faith alone cannot purge this world of
or of evil

novative murderers.

crocities of mortal

corruption

Victorian science presents its own measure of hy-
pocrisy. The sciences have learned to tell how the
physical laws of this world work, but not why. Thus,
charlatans and visionaries have rushed in to fill a spi
tual void. Even educated ladies may consult spiritualist
for the chance to commune with loved ones who have
passed on. A host of new faiths arise to challenge estab-
lished beliefs, often spurred by "secret masters" of

tural lore. Theosophical wisdom exults the won-
ders of Lemurian kingdoms and Hyperborean ancestors.
Egyptology, Atlantology, Neo-Druidism — numerous
exotic and esoteric fields of occult study come into
vogue. Secret societies offer living glimpses of magic in a
world where faith itself is challenged.

Mysticism and the supernatural become secretive
ways to indulge in taboos. Victorian men and women
who tire of tragedy seek an escape from the scientific age.
They find it — and often find suffering or death at the

ands of the night-fiends who would exploit them. For,
just as the criminal underworld lurks in the greatest
empire since Ancient Rome, the Un-Dead prosper wher-
ever mysticism flourishes. Romantic notions of death
and eternity allow creatures of great passion to seduce —

nd sometimes destroy — those who seek a respite from
Victorian propriety.

Juscasthe opium addict retreats tohisden of iniquity
to indulge in vice, those who feign propriety may submit
totheir baser instincts, staking theirlustby submitting to
nocturnal predators. The surging lifeblood of the civ
lized world depends on the cursed vitae of vampires.
Powerful Kindred build financial empires, sponsor artists
and artistry and protect the herds of mortals that gather

in their domains, but the price of progress is paid in
blood.

The Barbarous Lands

Far from the elegant metropolises of the civilized
world, old ways and older superstitions survive. In the
barbarous lands, rustic peasants labor as serfs and endure
as squatters, as they have for over a millennium. At
night, they shutter their windows and lock their doors,
for they know that monsters are real. On the few occ

sions when the creatures of the night employ subtlety,

‘CHAPTER ONE

is only to escape the wrath of mobs with torches and
pitchforks. Since naming evils gives them power, few
would dare speak of such horrors openly. Even in the
homes of the wealthy, the fearful dare not even whisper
of the monsters in their midst.

The vampires of these domains hold no pretense of
civility. They exule freely in barbarism, and mortals fear
the night. A pale aristocracy rules from the hidden
chambers of modem estates and crumbling castles, some-
times even suborning mortal rulers as their puppets. Yet,
as the boundaries of their once feudal domains are
shrinking, they serve as the last defenders of tyrannical
traditions. Foreign invaders have tried and failed to take
their lands, but now, their empires have fallen before
time itself —a force they claim to be
because their cold flesh does notage. Only the myths and
legends of their kind age gracefully.

Ifthe Kindred of the barbarous lands are empowered
by these superstitions, they are also bound by thet
Where belief is strong, faith may protect the virtuous.
Those who remember the lore of bygone eras can arm
themselves against the perils of the night. Here, of
find churches sanctified so that the vampyr fe
Searchers after horror find elders so degen‘

\mune to merely.

may
toenter,
rate that the
mere sight of a Christian cross is sufficient to elicit
paroxysms of fear. For certain lineages of vampin
mirrors cannot hold their reflections and running water
restricts their travels. As cruel fate would have it, how-
ever, most Victor
ons —and they use these misperceptions to fool
the unwary. Feigning their roles as Gothic villains, they
exploit ignorance as a powerful ally

Other creatures lurk in the shadows: Brut
werewolves, demonic ghouls and corrupt sorcerers a
but a few. Against such mysterious and shadowy super-
natural forces, a few desperate souls look upon the
Un-Dead as shadowy
against greater evils. The most submissive villagers re-
spond by enacting secretive rites, sometimes employing.
the sacrifice of blood and lives to petition the thirsting
lords of the night for mercy. Vampires of the barbarous
lands see this as the proper relationship between preda-
tors and their prey. They openly ravage and ravish,
lacking the discretion of their more cosmopolitan rela-
tions. The eldest may employ Machiavellian schemes of
intrigue, but a new generation of Un-Dead rejects such
openly rebellingagainsthun
ity and mortal law — and all too often, against other

n vampires do not suffer these
restric

nister

aviors, celebrating their hunts

subtletiesas neffectiv
vampires.

Nearly all ofthe: sscheme torise up against
the protectors of the largest living herds, those gathered
in the civilized lands. In the cities of men, blood is sipped

‘monst


gently when it should flow freely. Once the guardians of
the civilized domains are laid low, the world will be
awash in blood. By bringing back the old ways, these
monsters would usher in a new age, one in which the
lords of the night openly reign over the largest cities
Centuries of festering ambition demand nothing less.
io one better defines this ambition than Vlad
Dracula himself, who attempts to cross the boundary
between East and West, bringing the strength of the
barbarous lands into London, the very heart of the
civilized world. By the end of the Victorian age, the
boundary between the two worlds lies shattered, usher
ing in a century of madness.

Secret Societies

In Gothic fiction, vampires are solitary creatures by
their very nature. Authors such as Polidori and LeFanu
celebrated the monsters they envisioned as lone stalking
predators. A vampire might choose to hunt in solitude or
to prey upon a select group of mortals. Yer, for creatures
who scheme to survive for eternity, the thought of
centuries of isolation is a curse far worse than hunger for
blood.

Faced with endless nights, vampires seek diversions
and distractions. As natural predators, they eventually
prey upon each other for their own amusement, contest-
ing with one another over politics, culture and influence.

The societies they form are thin facades erected to

obscure their own violent conflicts. Two societies define

these conflicts better than any other, for they have

warred for centuries over politics and philosophy: the
marilla and the Sabbat.

Victorian vampires Embraced in this momentous
age see the world in extremes. For newly created vam
pires, these two political sects represent the Good and
Evil of the age. Whether this distinction is largely a
fiction presented by their elders is a matter of conjecture.
The leaders of these two societies author cautionary tales
of those who stray too fat from their appointed roles as
victor and villain

Elder vampires have little trouble adapting to their
ever-changing traditions, but in the Gothic Victorian
age, these two sects undergo subtle changes thateven the
dread Methuselahs ignore at their own peril. In the
Gothic Victorian age, the archite
ieshave taken on new appearances and affectations. Yet

s of these two societ
they also hide ugly truths, like a corset laced around a
corpse.

The Camarilla

Legends tell us that, in the 15th century, ancients
founded the Camarilla asa meansfor vampires o protect
themselves from the ire of humankind. At the Conven:
tion of Thorns, they formally recognized seven lineages

as the pillars of their society: the seven clans of theit

History and Mystery
Faced with the prospect of playing an historical chronicle, you will face a similar choice between
extremes. Are you a devotee of Victorian detail, insisting on historical accu

age sufficient, allowing you to rewrite history according to your w!

valid.
If you insist on accur

2.Or is the spirit of the
ither approach to Vampire is

y, a host of reference works promise the opportunity to indulge in your

scholarly pursuits. Detailed maps of the largest cities are sufficient for everything you should need, save

perhaps for the spotting of artillery. For stories set in the heart of the Empire, a resourceful
can find everything from London train schedules to lists of price:

Storyteller

curate to th illing, Should you

err, however, remember that this world is not our own, merely one in the shadow of our own past. Unless

you choose to present the details of your chronicle in a dissertation for a
virtue lies in the essence of itsstory. To the devil with thede
world exactly as they did in our own, the very mystery essen

te degree in history, its
! Ifevents unfold in the Gothic Victorian
al to horror is defeated,

ome Storytellers care only for evoking the spirit of the age, concerned more with theme and mood

than the exact details of settings

d locations. Their template is not the outline of a history book, but

themes and moods worthy of a story or novel: Yet, if the game is too inaccurate, the story is cast adrift
in time, divorced from the very details that give the Victorian era its meaning. If you don't care to

memorize dates and prices, historical works can at least grant inspiration, and that stol
as readily as any work of fiction. The Storyteller must strike a bala

imagination
somewhere between minute

attention to detail and freeform historical improvisation

TE EMPIRE AFTER NGHTEALL


kind, They codified the Six Traditions they had obeyed

rnerations, demanded all within their purview obey
them and then enforced them with brutal efficiency
Paramount among these laws is the practice of the
all traces of their

existence from the common populace.

Masquerade, the need to obscur

atest ideals are the humanity
hibit. To prevent their own
annihilation, Camarilla vampires strug
rk of humanity they h
endless nights. While dwelling hidden among mankind,
they claim to rule the civilized world from the
United in the belief that they should not act as mon-
the Kindred.
Iden of the

Camarilla society's

and the civility mortals
le to maintain
the faint 5

re preserved across

sadows.

asts, they refer to themselves

ge is arguably the

arilla's history. Throughout most of Europe, Kin-

dred consider the major cities of the civilized world their
domain.

jism is rampant, and the

isbenefited greatly from it. Queen Victoria's

empire spans the globe, governing realms from Hong

Kong to Jam: ‘0 Capetown and London to

Delhi. The Kindred egotistically claim credit for this

exp: irming that they have forced back

the other creatures of the night so their herds of "kin

(CHAPTER ONE

enabled them to spread their polities and traditions
around the world. Although London is undoubtedly the
in the Camarilla's crown, the vampiric sect now

inates more cities and territories than ever before
it ever will again. As part of this conceit,
the whole of Camarilla society is commonly referred to
as the Empire,

kingdoms of Kindred and kine

The Victorian Camarilla defines each Kindred's
place in society. Status is paramount, often defined as

used interchangeably to refer to the

much by clan and lineage as by deeds. Elders hold
oblig
wayward childer who stra

ions over their progeny for decades, punishing
Gatherings of Camarilla
vampires are often very formal and ostentatious affairs,
recognizing
may take on the appe
Victorian high society — entailin

nd reinforcing these beliefs. While they
ce of the current fashions of
everything from
balls to A ris — they are, at best, pa
inne
participants usually reflect their political status. Under
new and stylish guises, those who conform are praised,
while those who stray

ations. The rolesplayed by the

e condemned... or excluded.

Even when a small society of Kindred allies, it does

so in obeisance of propriety and tradition. Kindred who


come to depend on each other form social coteries that
crossboundaries of lineage and status. Yet, when they act
outside the understood roles of their clan,
generation, their motives become suspect. Society has
high expectations.
Princes and elders reflect upon this as a golden age
because they hold more power than they have in centu-
ries. They have seized much of this power by vilifying
est enemies: the Sabbat. Legends tell of the
illa's rivals seizing and desecrating holy land for
their own defense, raising armies of freshly killed childer
from graveyards and even making pacts with the Devil
himself to gain supernatural power. Elders greatly exag-
gerating these and other threats to their domains justify
tyranny in those domains. Spreading fear, they warn of
Sabbat spies in their midst and, thus, enforce the Trad
tions according to their whims, exploiting an aegis of
terror. Any who cannot uphold strict expectations may
we "fallen to the enemy's corruption."

x Camarilla childer, existence is perilous, A
Camarilla vampire's true nature is defined by the conflict
between an individual and the expectationsof others:his
ind his sect. Above all else, it is a society
in which "each knows his place." Victorian beliefs
asthe foundation for many modern stereotypes. Defying
these expectations calls society itself into question. Be-

sire, his prine

erve

cause Victorian ideals are so lofty, itis an enterprise an
ambitious vampire cannot help but eventually pursue

The Sabbat

In 1394, the vampires who would later become the

Founders of the Camarilla held their first conspiratorial

gatherings in response to a conflagration known as the

Anarch Revoltthat had pitted elder againstneonate, sire
‘against childe. Anarch soldiers led by a Brujah visionary
assaulted several of the chief conspirators. Soon thereaf-
ter, rebellious childer reputedly destroyed the Lasombra
and Tzimisce Antediluvians, ewo of the progenitors of
the vampiric race. These Un-Dead revolutionaries orga-
nized a rival society — the Sabbat — in defiance of all
who would rule them. Since that time, Sabbat vampires
have abandoned all pretense of humanity, following
older codes of vampiric behavior instead. They see no
need to feign mankind's civility. While indulging in
their monstrous natures, they blaspheme in word and
ddeed against all mankind holds holy. It is this motif tha
best defines the Victorian Sabbat — as rebels against
Man and God.

Save for a few cultured domains in Spain and Italy,
the Victorian Sabbat claims the barbarous lands of
Europe as its territory, preying on peasants who preserve
ancient superstitions and religions as their only defenses

a

against the Damned. As some learned Victorian occult
ists state, the very fact that vampires gather in ritualistic
sabbats shows that they are enemies of God, cursed
creatures who shall never know the grace of Heaven.
Vampiric occultists are perhaps a bit more informed,
attesting that the very structure of the Sabbat as a whole
is modeled in part on that of the Catholic Church,
‘chy of bishops and arch-

smpires revel in this

replete with an elaborate hie!
abbat
blasphemy, preserving one of the oldest secret societies
in the world.

bishops. The eldest

Younger vampires are far more concerned with the
alliances of their smaller packs. This animalistic term
shows these vampires' contempt forall things human —
for, afterall, they know that they are more than human.
Many packs connive todestroy the eldest vampires. Inso
doing, they bring themselves closer to Cain
genitor of their cursed ra
to themselves as Cainites

the pro:

thus, Sabbat vampires refer
abbat elders would wield the
sect like a weapon against their enemies; thus, the order
the Sword of Caine. Some truly powerful
Sabbat as

monstrous urges, but this display of solidarity fits the very

isalso known:
creatures see the ve for indulging in such
spitit of the age.

In the Old World, Cainites hide from science and
light, skulking through the remains of ancient kingdoms.
They do not merely embody the most monstrous legends
concerning their kind — they are the very inspiration for
them. Even scholars of the forbidden are quick to de
scribe these vampires as "evil," but more precisely, they
embody the evils one finds celebrated in Gothic horror,
the stuff of scandal sheets and penny dreadfuls. Each act
of infamy tha ed world
works against the Sabbat's hated enemies: the Camarilla
vampires that hide within
tend to be human, Cainites preserve the ancient ways of
true vampires — and usher in a new era of darkness.

Where one of the Camarilla Kindred would spare a
victim out of simple mercy, a Victorian Cainite would

spreads throughout the civil

, creatures who would pre-

Kill, drinking deeply from a vessel and brutally casting it
aside. Where one of the Kindred would pride himself on
a facade of gentlemanly bel

stead aspire toa masterpiece of victin

ainite would in-
ion, mutilation
or bloody carnage. Tales of horror depict vampires as
inhuman murderers staking their obscene lusts at the
The Cainites of the Old World
inspire, equal and exceed those expectations.
The Sabbat vampires of the
progressive. Cainites have descended upon America,
d Mexico like a plague. Without restraint,
they have created too many childer in the largest cities

cost of human life.

lew World are far more

and, thus,are eager to repeatedly assault the few Camarilla

TE EMPIRE AFTER NGHTEAL


‘oudwg axp Aomsap 02 auisap
siy Aq pauyap st aouasixa {uaa sty eqqeg UeLOI2\,
24 JO syN9 ay WO! or paxinbos am pue sau xp.
apunay jt puy "eypeuE atp yo aunjno aup ainpus
asntu 94 ‘puny UNO sit Jo AuEdMOD aup Saxe auidureA
ue sonyod Smndures saypo ype yoy.

ayy st 9190s ejprewE"

B Jf ‘paunseout
asure3e prepue:
so andy ay puayop 01 sasooyp areuodu e sayy Ah

SJOJSUOW URWO]USS)

saz99s aday 2s, dayp ways 189q >p10m sarseaIdsu0> "I>9dKa
PINON BU sy "peagrUA ay YIM JMod 30} asa1u0D
Asn OYs UO 02 AKO]g [ERey A|ZEDU e— smeys saaidwueA,
jeAO] ann s.UO BurJEaaay "WHY
papioooe aouo siassa] sty 320dsor aup Aonasap eur pepueos

‘a1 monpi9a0.0r

yp aujuuopun ue>
yp pue pas aup asurese Asoysvan se popreias s| uoIssass
sue ay] "roadsns auso29q sanyedo] sty ‘2998 sIy apisIno
‘auOaUIOS tM saztdsuoD aU1UTED & JO PaIpULy E Se UOOS
sy ‘atie ueysor21, ayp uy aaz59s aday aq asnuu ang soumu2>
Jo} aanpua YBN IY Wos ay av suoREIDoSsE asx
Jo ]]@ — uny pareds oym sormuessy ay 01 Wood ¥ BUENO
MIEION # *BsquOse] v PaAo] 2UO OYM JOPEDI0] v
SOUARY E YEA |]9Y Aste 03 Pash OYM URLAEYTEPY Y.

Te z9ye ‘sau
-owaut Suo] aavy somaeas9 1a! sUL — aauapuodsa1109
Hoy adnazonut you paou sarimuas axp jo sontjod Bunyrys
YL "WIeEWOp sIY UI LLY pauoD]a% 9oUI0 OYA JOsTUNIE |
nia upegap soumiuao puads Kew penasayjoqut annua,
 ‘90ueISUT JO4 "399s JYLOUE Jo SI9pJ> ULM eIO7UT 10
aneojununtnos Auado 02 asooyp Aew Jappp ue ‘soBo[Aud
Sur sey YUEX Sy "SAS OM 9yB UNG IDIyUOD ay
auepaad Aoypaetp ysnous pjo aze woyp Jo auos "Je 1a
sa}oestdsuioo umo Hau WO} EIpNEUIeD at ue IeqqeS
‘akp Jo Sioplp ayn Uoao aetp radsiym syaxeuR owog
spunog |fe sso19 ues anu
ndruew 0} suzawi au sey,
andues uo se Hug] sly "uonepYruUes,jeatss9y UEsINSaE
auiayss ay Jf Ayjersadsa ‘saanag Jo ano ¥ 03 jeats asapjo
sty Aenaq Av Jopjo snopeaf Y *]]9y weIsUOD e ayyUN
sdoysiqypre ue ayem or sinaiesoaoid suaiesouaey yaa
audsuo> Aew aouud Wy ~Soestdsuoo sryreine aaisuarxe
‘sJ0U © Uta 30m odd IYSIUL AMUTED e 10 paxpury Y
afar 9410
tp pue eyprewres axp sidasoe auo gt uaaa "urese astdsuo>
(01 asne> puy Aeur Aoyp ‘IYsEN BuO] atp Jo sow sap
tp souls s9YpaHor paytom aavy jauSueD pue yelug
e ‘9]durexa 40} yf "Slapja WeLeID9s Jo UORTUYOP ay)

&ydosop1yd wetrei29s jo s:
Lut ‘"spypoue nodxa pue oe]

"Ayonn

4q pourensos 10u ae siunaye;
1 ayHUP) "IMP UAAd JI CUNO AIUD INg aUOU 03 aDUEITD|TE
Butno ‘ondwug aup UrppLN as}x9 os[e sue|> Wapuadapur

sayp ‘919109 & 10 Ded

ONL)
Jeisaag ‘aweuny> yeonyjod Surajoas ay puoseq aznpus
eI sooUwHTE 9409 ‘sorendsuoo ut soups Aowp ‘sep
Jo asnedag "Iaz59s santanoe s1ayp daay asnut Aayp ‘os op
‘01ng 299s s9ypl9 jo sureurop aup saqUa AeUI SPINY

gaioesidsuop,

An91D0s yo sonuaud sv paruny,
ang ‘sisea1no se parez9]or ou axe Aayp ‘98e UEHOIDIA,
ayp UL adxo pjnom suo sy "suoNeTYye Yons anowpiN
astxooo uvo days 2eYp asisut AaY | "doysiqupze pue doysiq
Aq 10 uaSounud pue aound Aq raypaya "auoyne D9for
sypreue pur sryreine ‘ssajaypau0N "aUIED Jo proms ay JO

stapisuoa reqqeg atp ajiyan ‘2998 947 Jo Staquiow jeurON
se SureWop aap UNAM astxo oN soutdures ype swUE]D
eypreMED ay | yea OradUEAssnoLsUUP est S198 pI0q SUI
-syesiog "Auaua r9qp st psu AapI0s— sypreUEse UNO,
‘ie "1998 Jo sso}puesas ‘9]n4 pynows OPK JE WO}>1 10 Keys
01 Bunduiane ‘sanaio0s tpog asurese yom 4]pann98 OYA
asouj] "sppzeime paraprsuo> aze-reqqes axp pur ey EU)
dup Jo swI9IUOD ax MOY eIpYpIK OY soy L
sazeay peap stamp Jo stpdap
ap uy suoraidsns yons soquey sondayg "Ajuado s2119q
{ypns ssayord azep mag sunny atop 02 Bunpsodoe saoard
airy pue 42e]9 Suruyap ‘prwogssayp & UO s92a1d >¥H]
si99s yiog jo si9]nuaqp arendrueut oy sandures uarue
Jo syeads S1atO "oR LYE 0 2998 sToYp. Jo sso]preox
"ramod ur urewrar xo mod Ui asoyp aeup amnsua s9jos SHU
-vap asoup exp a>adsns aos
doay ox sontuou su saytta pue saziuomap vyjaeU
198 S9pwSNIC) $3844)
-AajeausSunApun supp saypso pauurecy ayp yo autos 194 ‘S91
191908 peagl-Up|as981e] Om 1 Jo 191409 94p Ag pouyap
sf era ueUOID! A 214200 axp Jo JoxDEseYD axp Jo YN

suotpago soxidurea SunoK

a]! "Yapio unos a1tun o

syoueuy pur sryseyny

"aouaistxa Jo Ava s9Y20 OU MOU WY
Suowre asa8uno$ ay 4019) 1UA[OIA YBNomp |p Oy
Sunowua ‘spuvy pazi]tA1o ayp asurese sapesnuo jenunu0s
ypuney Jay, Ja uoH
savy sutdurea uer01s1, asayp ‘Sulop os uy "sorwoua
soqeais soup jo souonion ayp isurese pouam aaey Aoyr
‘smp pue Yotpo ysea Woy SurueM wos Wayp spIqIoy
yoed ay, "warp asoddo pjnom oyss je asuresie sues
-a]ye siaquiaw sir souyop "Eogt Jo 39%q aseysung 3p
‘hiorsiy saeqges atp uF Gavan aueuodu asoul ay f
‘ssoupeut

2 JO sanutaua at at029q

Jo uoneuasaostu ‘AoesUBap yr sty aenba soutd

cures epee ‘uoRysey ULHOIDIA aN UT "suEDTOUNY
aaneN Jo sypsw pur sjemu ayp Sunexodioout , ‘soleaws
pouurys-pas,, atp Jo spuey axp o1u puedxs o2 uniag aavy

Aaya seouawry ayp ul u9Aa‘294 siuNOsUD AMyp sUIEA


Legacies of Undeath

All things grow old, but some never die. Kindred and
CCainites recite ther lineage to illustrate how close they are
toCaine,the progenitor oftheir cursed race. The number of
generationsbetweena given vampireand Caine speaksofhis
potential forpower. Childerstrugele togainprominence, but
because the older generations of vampires have endured for
centuries — or even millennia — their ambitions are
routinely frustrated. Thus, the hierarchy of the Victorian
Un-Dead remains stagnant, at least until childer either
destroy their elders or forsake them entirely

Victorian Kindred neonates are les than acentury old.
Most are 10 to 12 generations removed from the frst
vampire. Mentored and instructed with a thorough under.
standing of Kindred Traditions and etiquette, the very
existence of Camarilla neonates confirms the wisdom of
theireldersin electing them. Aspar ofthis older vampires
seek to stifle them in a clas structure even more rigid than
the ones mortals endure.

IngenuesinthearisocracyoftheDamned, eonatesare
expected tomaintain certainstandards, uphold responsiili-

tiestotheirchosen domain and participate in the whirlwind
ofsocial activity. Failuretocarryoutthe requests oftheirsires
can resule in an accompanying (if eemporary) less of status
‘When neonatesstray from tis traight-and-narrow path —
aninevitable ogeurtence—society itselftumsagainst them.
Many fervently hope that with the coming of the new
thingofthe pas.

‘century, such staid traditions will become

‘Sabbatneonatesarenotchained bysuch social burdens.
Although abishop orarchbishop wieldsenough influence to
destroy them one by one, he knows that packs of Cainite
neonates are best leftto their own devices. A newly created
CCainite revels in power and freedom that the mortal world
ofthe Victorian age could never accord het. Politics do not
concem her. Cainites who inhabit barbarous landsroam
where they wil andkillas they please. Clever creatures who
inflate civilized cities digguise themselvesbehind masks of
propriety — softly and silently scheming to raise hell in the
mids of Camarilla cities,

(Camarila ancillachave survived longenough tosecure
Pesitionsofauthorityin the cities ofthe civilized world, They
are eager to take credit for many ofthe major institutions in
modem cities,and, in doing oneatly ignore themortals who
are almost universilly the nie diving force. As guardians of
themostesteemedlocationsinmajormetropolisesoraspetty
‘manipulators in minor political positions, they are eager to
demonstrate theirloyalty and receive recognition. Yer, they
are also caught berween the class distinctions of elder ancl
neonate, vatchingboth groupswith equal vigilance. Against
the city elders, the ancillae plot endlesly, scheming for an
oppomunity advance ina political systemasslugeishasthe
ancientvitae in theirelders veins. With considerable fervor,
theancillaealso watch neonatesactions carefully, ever wary
that they themselves may be unseated from their own
precarious pesitions of authority

Camarillacldersare typically the princes andprimogen
ofthecities.A fewareold enough torememberatimebefore
the political distinctions of the Camarilla and Sabbat. As
such, they often havesecretive, personal tis that transcend
such boundaries. Through faithful intermediaries, hey may
callin promises orretum toconspiracies made centuries ago.
Tdiscovered, the resultant scandals may annihilate them.
Todivert attention, they may choose to persecute younger
vampires who would question them. Exploiting privilege
and power, they defend the stagnant traditions of society
until the very last.

The Sabbat has no‘ancillae. The sect's priests are the
closest equivalents, as they often act as intermediaries be
tween the sees of a bishopric and the childer they attend.
Successful Sabbat elders ascend to power as curates in this
unholy church. A Sabbat elder isnot rewarded for years of
service and complicity; instead, he must challenge hisrivals
forpower. Ordealspreserved since the Dark Ages —trialsby
fire, flame and ritual combat — demonstrate who is worthy
of rank. In the untamed lands of the New World, Cainites
hhave leamed other methods of testing strength, rituals
emulating the savage tribesofthe wildemess. Thesect places
limits on such conflicts, stoking the fires of conilice just
enouigh to forge elders into deadly weapons — each one a
Sword of Caine that will smite the weakened defenders of
Camarilla cities

Methuselah are deeply occulted during the Victorian
age. If legends are true, the fate of nations rests on their
undying intrigues, Its Said that many rest in the hears of
sreatkingdoms of Europe, usingnationsas weaponsin their
arsenal. With pretematuralpower they uietlyandinvisibly
subom elders in their schemes. Yet, in son
Methuselah may sill play a direct role in nightly matters,
muchastheydidin the Dark Ages Forinstance,an infamous
Ventrue Methuselah named Mithras has served as the
PrinceofLondon forcenturies, Although much ofhisnight
tonight affairs are conducted by his childe, Valerius, the

<ceses of his princedom established a traction that will
avive well into the next century

‘The precursors of these Ancients, the Antediluvians,
have fades from view so thoroughly that mest have come to
doubs theie very existence. They survive asicons ofthe age,
vividly and brutally portrayed in vampiric legends, Since
Biblical times, these bloody gods have preyed upon man-
kind, building empiresone century anddraining them of life
thenext. The petty machinations ofdistant progeny do not
concer them. Princes and archbishops alike bicker over
such trivialities as but the terrible
Antediluvians are timele it, patient and potent,
for the end of civilization — the End Times of the world.
‘When they arse itis said, the culmination ofall they have
created will be Hell on Earth. Even the wisest fear them, if
only secretly, and nervously wait for signs of their imminent

return.

TE EMPIRE AFTER NGHTFALL


a

Noblesse Oblige:
The Victorian Prince

Ifa prosperous Victorian city exemplifies Camarilla
society, then its prince is a paragon of its beliefs and
practices. With the well-tempered 1
rian gentleman, he must uphold tradition to the letter.
Ofcourse, itis equally possible thata prince may bea lady
of ambition, pursuing power and respect she could never
hold in her breathing days. Either way, a prince's failure
invites chaos —and perhaps destruction. In many cities,

xs of a Victo-

elder vampires insist on the same stability as the living
expect under Victoria's reign, condescending to endure
the same princes for centuri
‘questions the whole social order. Society assignsstatusso
that one may know one's proper place. Assuch, Victori-
ans know that a prince's word might as well be law.

tioning one's prince

Before the apex of this cultured society, princes
conspired to claim vast domains. In grasping for more
land, the tyrants of the Dark Ages only attracted more
rivals, vitating the potency of their claims. The Victo-
rian prince is more secure, taking a single city as his

he may still watch over vast herds of
mortal kine, along with the Kindred who gather to feed
off them. Unlike his forbears, he is far more likely to hear
of nearly every transgr
realm. Behind this mask of civility and ruthlessness, he
hides his true self, concealing his scandals and secretly
struggling to control his lusts and passions. The obliga-
tions of aristocracy override his own needs. He is, at best,
a gentleman monster; thus, through his machinations,
he must deceive himself as thoroughly as those around

him.

Clans

A prince rises to power because he has inherited
stain desirable and charismatic properties through the
very blood that passes through his dead veins. Breeding
and birthright define character, after all. In a similar
fashion, Victorian vampires may be quick to judge a
Kindred by the lineage of her sire. Princes define their
"modern" world by contrasting it against the barbarism
of the Long Night, the dark ages of vampiric society, and
the War of Princes that followed. A thousand years ago,
vampires followed many different philosophical paths,
but by valuing humanity and secrecy above all else, the
Camarilla has survived. In the same way, these same
princes espouse, each clan has certain expectations and
obligations.
‘When a childe first introduces herself to a prince,
she often recites her lineage, defining herself not by what

ion that takes place within his

‘CHAPTER ONE

she has done, but by which ancestors have inflected her
own character. The clearest indicator of her quality lies
inherclan, the "consanguineous family" thathas chosen
her as progeny so that she may carry on its essence in her
Ofcourse, this is a highly Victorian conceit
Kindred aspire to craft their own destinies. By acting as
tals, they inevitably rebel against vampi
ety. The vast majority of Victorian vampires are static
creatures complacent with the status quo— ifheroes are
to be found among their kind, they ay
Kindred who inevitably challenge them.

variably the

By contrast, the Victorian Camarilla depends upon
the idea of each clan measuring up to society's ideals.
When an errant childe defies her breeding, the vampires
of the prince's city must punish her. When she goes
against the least of these traditions, she meets with
righteousdefiance,
she must be destroyed. Childer oft
hard way. It is much easier for sires to begin their proper
education by teaching their childer the seven rightful
lineages of vampires: the seven Camarilla clans de
scribed below.

ind ifshe goesso faras to defy its laws,
learn this lesson the

Camarilla Clans in the Victorian Age

The Brujah are regarded as revolutionary, intellec-
tual and unpredictably violent. As the growing masses of
humanity are suppressed through politics, poverty and
squalor, Clan Brujah is eager to exploit their dissent,
supportingany movement todisplace the status quo. The
Brujah are drawn to modern movements of political
activism, from anarchism and syndicalism to commu-
nism and collectivism. For these vampires, this
of the Fabian Society, Bakunin and thi
Karl Marx's legacy. Accordingly, many see themselvesas
theproletariatof vampiric society. Inhidden rooms, they
fervently debate how to liberate mankind, if only for
their own benefit. Often, in their fervor, the Brujah turn
n and fanaticism, but when
they are united, they lash out in violent retribution,
sending shockwaves of discord through the Camarilla
like a satchel of nitroglycerin in a crowded room,

Traditional Kindred regard them as Rabble. Their
violent natures suit them for the purpose of war; thus,
some princes tolerate their presence as soldiers to be

the era
first inheritors of

‘on each other out of ego

Unconventional Kindred value them instead for their
intellectual idealism, even if it does often extol the
virtues of the lowest strata of society

Gangrel vampires wander the wilderness. While hu:
er kinship with the beasts of
ing populations

man in form, they feel gr
the wild than the race of men. As incre
of Kindred have drifted toward the greatest cities, the


Gangrel have remained true to older ways, prowling vast
domains as they feed. This places their very existence in
jeopardy, for the Gangrel are among the first to notice
when the enemies of the Camarilla are on the move. Yet,
these Kindred have not completely forsaken mankind.
Gangrel routinely return to the cities where princes
claim dominance, for even they crave the company of
their own kind. Even the most animalistic vampire
knows that, if he were to ever abandon the Camarilla
entirely, the slow degeneracy into monstrous abandon
would be inevitable.

Traditional Victorian vampires expect these Ani-
mals to protect the boundariessurrounding their domains
and to be aware of threats to their cities. Such beasts
shouldn't be so uncouth as to hunt mortal prey within
their domains; instead, they should spend thar time
scouring the countryside for trouble. This attitude is not
unlike that which a servant inside an estate would have
toward the groundskeepers and wardens of the property
Princes tolerate the Gangrel's help if they
act as hunters and guardians; many find acceptance by
serving as coachmen, couriers and bodyguards. Uncon:
ventional Kindred welcome the Gangrel as equals,
knowing that their sharp fangs and claws may well be
needed should danger enter the midst of their city
havens.

‘are content to

Victorian Malkavians are masters of the mind. As
ictorian science explores the nature of human intellect
and the very boundaries of sanity, these vampires eagerly
await its revelations. Once they were prophets of dark-
ness, butscholarssuch asFreud have givenanew meaning
to their madness. Insanity is no longer seen as a
alienists have found
they analyze
their patients in drawing rooms — or herd them into
madhouses — Malkavians manipulate both doctor and
acting with an insight instilled in their
very blood. In larger gatherings, they turn this same
insight upon other Malkavians, rapturously analyzing

concentrated madness.

commination; instead, Victori
new and daring methods to study it. Just

patient uns

Traditional Kindred refer to this whole clan as one
of Lunatics, dangerous creatures that should, perhaps, be
kept on a ible of feigning sanity for
long periods of time, but when hard-pressed, their afflic

No
matter how well they may emulate proper behavior,
insanity surges through them like a roiling tempest. No

leash. Most are

tions manifest in unsightly and distasteful way

doubt their attempts to understand mortal madness are

little more than a shallow attempt to portray themsel
assomething other than what they are. Unconventional

vampires value the Malkavians' insight and perspicacity

— fone can reason the method behind their madness,
fresh perspective on one's situation.
Nosferatu are drawn to the squalor and decay of the
age. The cur
cous creatures; thus, they are drawn to the ugliest quarters

of vampirism transforms them into hid:

of the Victorian underworld. The lowest classes of hu-
manity victimize each otherforascant chance atsurvival
When their blood flows freely, the Nosferatu swarm to.
feed. When this bloodlust has passed, they organi
preternatural cunning. Throughout the age, many of the
largest cities expand their infrastructure underground,
from the arching waterways of London's Athenium to

the subsurface trains of Victorian Gotham. Nosferatu
eldersand primogen have come to regard these new lands.
as their own private kingdoms. Strangely enough, few
princes have the courage to challenge such claims — or
the powerto wipe out the denizens of their kingdoms. As
t such boasts so as to draw as little
attention to the Nosferatu as possible.

Traditional Kindred regard the Sewer Rats as ver

min, particularly sine

such, princes ace

it may be difficult to ascertain
their true numbers in a city. Who knows what foul plots
they conceive underground? Who do they talk to when
they unearth secrets no prince or primogen can find?
While theirability cogathersuch facts make the Nosferatu
an asset to a sagacious prince, welcoming one to a social
gathering is madness. In true Victorian fashion, most
Kindred believe that a Nosferatu's hideous exterior no
doubtreflects the mor

soul — much as the phrenologist may note evidence of

blight within the monster's very

criminal mind in the deformations of a degenerate's
sloping brow. Unconventional Kindred cannot forgive
such moral laxity, but they may find innovat
exploit it. Some tortured Nosferatu eternally strive to

ways to

achieve humane ends as penance for the sins that have
condemned them tosuch an unkind fate. By giving them
that chance

within such b
ever, that the Sewer Rats are the basest and most bestial
creatures in the Race of Caine. It is just and right for
society toafflict them with the stigma of social ostracism.

some good may come from the evil that lies

tial creatures. One must remember, how-

Toreador flourish where mortals thrive and the mor
se humanity more than any
other clan, even if they do not emulate it as well as they
would prefer. To

tal arts evolve. They pi

lors master the intricate dance of
high society, often claiming to lead it by example. They
would act as the shepherds of humanity — though,
sometimes, only to feed off the flock and sate their
hunger for life. Art reflects the highest aspirations of
Victorian society, and as such, the Toreador treasure
artistic achievement. Drawn to the luminaries of the

artistic world like moths to the flame, these Kindred

‘THE EMPIRE AFTER NIGHTFALL


YY g os zB
A Me. x

hunger for the spark of brilliance living artistes possess.
Sadly, many Toreador have lost such vital qualities.
sof bygone
vity. Their
figures are preserved in undying flesh, but they can only
t the transient state of life. The Toreador' flesh,

ble edifices of the Elysiums they protes

e of mortal c

like th
grown cold, but the blood of passionate men and women
keep them warm,

Traditional Kindred praise this clan as one of the
pillars upholding
regard the Toreador as indulgent and hedonistic Degen-

has

Samarilla society, but secretly, they
erates. They scandalously sully themselves by mingling a
with the herd of humankind, allowing
themselves to be ruled by passion. What they
feel, they appropriate from their living victims. Ofcourse,

bit too fre
-annot

itwas one of their own, Rafael de Corazon, who spoke so
eloquently atthe foundingofthe Ila, and thus, his
brethren should be welcomed — if only to keep up
appearances. Unconventional Kindred know that To:
readorhold insights into human society their elders h
all but forgotten. On rare and wonderful occasions, they
can even recapture the passions they once held in life.

The Tremere preserve a centuries-old society of
mystics and sorcerers. For them, the

(CHAPTER ONE

sance of the occult, and they eagerly follow and docu.
ment its evolution. Visionaries like Blavatsky, Whyte,
Gardnerand even Crowley follow different reflections of
the light of true knowledge. Tremere warlocks study
their innovations and adape them into their own
thaumaturgical practices. For House Tremere, this isthe

of spiritualism, theosophy, Masonry and the Golden

sters who

they have acted as
usurpers of supernatural knowledge and pow
Traditional Kindred know that these Witches have

zed a remarkable amount of power within the
Camarilla, forming a united front a
question their Council of
Of course, the leader of that council, Tremere himself,
has disappeared, no doubt slumbering in torpor for cen-
turies because of his blasphemous acts. Wise Kindred
know that Tremere routinely bei
schemes for power within their clan, so all of them must

be closely:

ainst all who would
en clan elders in Vienna

each other in their

and of Thaumaturgy is a potent


weapon, one many childer loyally wield in support of
allies outside the clan. However, more than any other
lineage, Tremere are expected to place loyalty to their
clan above all other associations. Those who exploit the
clan's secret lore or teach it to others outside the clan
may be recalled to Vienna to be properly "instructed" in
obedience.

Victorian Ventrue are the aristocracy of the night
culled from noble dynasties — many of the living leaders
of the world are their descendents. While a few Ventrue
are recruited from the leaders of business and industry,
they are currently regarded with scorn by those who
follower older, nobler traditions. The civilized world
reveres status, and none demonstrate the virtues (or
folly) of the upper class of society like Clan Ventrue.

Traditional Kindred acknowledge the Nobles as the
aristocracy of the Un-Dead and even concoct fictions
that different V

Camarilla vampires may praise the clan as a whole but

ue dynasties uphold different ideals.

secretly malign them as individuals, remembering the
shortcomings and failures of each one in meticulous
detail. Unconventional Kindred find little scandal in a
Ventrue who chooses not to rule, even if he should
ran

industry

a profession so base as dabbling in business or

Storytelling Option: Individual Status

Clans and Countenance

‘Vampires of the
ous, for they share the same blood. Just as the Victorian

me clan are called consanguine

aristocracy insists that breeding passes on certain intan
gible advantages from one generation to the next, so do
Camarilla elders insist that the childer of their clans must
display such proclivities. Childer stoically endure being
defined by these stereotypes, for they know it is their lot
in unlife. Within their own coteries, they may have litle
tolerance for such expectations, but they face untold
difficulty gaining the
following such traditions in public. To do otherwise

wor oftheirsires without dutifully
questions society itself, leaving a vampire as little more
thana lone monster defined by the terrified victims upon
whom she preys. The Camarilla would have a Vietorian
Kindred believe that without the esteem of his sect, he is
nothing

One of the reasons for such high expectations of
conformity is, not surprisingly, fearof the Sabbat. Childer
are taught to be vigilant, for it is well known that the
Sabbat may send spies into the very heart of a Camarilla
city. This fear is
many elders who remember the nights before either sect

mewhat justified, but then again,

was founded may still owe favors to, oreven secretly work

In Vietorian society, rising to a higher caste in the social order is an arduous process, but it can be
done. For the greatly simplified purposes of storytelling, the Victorian Camarilla can be divided into
three strata of status: a lower class, a middle elass and an upper class. This status is primarily influ
ble deeds can enable a social climber

nced
by one's clan, butbelonging to a notable lineage or performing no
{0 rise above such distinctions. In game terms, this aspiration is reflected by the Status B:
Storytellers desiring additional detail may consider the following additional guidelines.

The Upper Class: Most Ventrue and Toreador belong to the upper strata of the Victorian
Camarilla. To qualify asa vampiric aristocrat, a character should belong to one of these clans, be tctively
involved in the secr's affairs and have at least one dot in the Status Background otherwise, he is middle
angrel with Status5 also qualifies as upper class. A Ventrue or Toreador with Status
5 is a paragon of Camarilla virtues.

The Middle Class: Tremere and Gangrel are the "bourge
damaged theirclan's reputation by repeatedly meddling in occult affairs, while many Gangrel have raised
the esteem of their clan above the hopelessly rustic by risking their very unlives in the defense of
alify as middle class, a character must be actively involved in the sect's affairs,
‘A Malkavian with Status 3 qualifies as middle class; one with Status 5 is upper class.

The Lower Class: Brujah, Malkavians and Nosferatu qualify as the lowerclass of the sect. They face
enough scorn for their ambitions that they have formed their own societies within the'Camarilla,
recognising ideals that may seem cryptic to the aristocracy of the sect. A Brujah with Stat

round.

class. A Tremere or!

of the sect. The Witches have

Camarilla domains. To ¢

5 isstill, at
best, middle class. Except through extremely meritorious service to the Camarilla, Nosferatu have little
chance of social advancement.

‘THE EMPIRE AFTER NIGHTFALL


with, vampires who have chosen a different political
path. Employing a remarkable double standard, elders
not only use fear of the Sabbat to keep their childer
obedient, but also prevent childer from even speaking
with Cainites. When an elder is shown to be in commu
nication with the Sword of Caine, the revelation is
scandalo
nity childer simply do not have.

The elders of a clan may treat consanguineous vam-
pires as their family, claiming to represent them in the
most esteemed political gatherings. Truthfully, they do
not. Victorian etiquette holds that those of various
classes uphold certain responsibilities to the social order.

, but his status allows him privilege and immu-

With the enthusiasm of the new age, a growing number
of childer rebel against such notions. They may feign
conformity in the largest conclaves of their kind, but
away from watchful eyes, they secretly pursue their own
agendas. In sharp contrast, to gain the favor of their
clders, promising childer uphold the ideals of their sires
— and use this leverage to oppose, expose and destroy
prodigal childer.

Cosmopolitan Lore

When one arrives in a new city, one must obey
certain proprieties. After making an introduction to the
prince, a "guest" may learn where others of his kind
typically gather. While local Kindred maintain their
own havens, the most influential maintain a few places,
for the benefit of childer. Such places are not usually
exclusive to particular clans. A. vampire of any clan or
generation may be invited into one of these places, but
many are exclusive or exclusionary. Yet, as one would
expect, each particular place may be favored by aparticu-
lar gathering of consanguineous Kindred.

Salons are fashionable places where idealistic Kin-
dred discuss the affairs of the modern age. Many are
stationed perilously close to places where the living
gather, such as coffee houses, fine dining establi
and even the
Un-Dead. In pri

crs, the politic

ments

ates of wealthy mortals in thrall to the
rooms cautiously guarded by ret

«drivalries of the Damned are discussed

eloquently over untouched glasses of wine or coffee. The
rarded as Elysiums. The
ous ones are condemned by the city's har-
piesand summarily closed. The most successful salonsare
often patronized and sponsored by Toreador.

most fashionable salons may be
‘most scand:

Gentlemen's clubs are another refuge for the well-
heeled, formany affluent men prefer the solitude one can,
enjoy ng to a private club. Membership is
exclusive, so it is no accident that many ancillae open
clubs that are open only at night and are accessible only
to Un-Dead of particular breeding. Among mortals,

retr

CHAPTER ONE

clubs form based on preference in politics, hobbies,

military service, enthusiasm for different sports or even
the antisocial criteria of the Diogenes Club (where no
member dares to speak aloud). Behind a similar facade,
clubs of Kindred have even stranger standards of admis-
me relating to accomplishments achieved
centuries ago. The most exclusive clubs recognize only
certain elders of Clan Ventrue but may grudgingly toler-

ate the childer who enjoy their patronage

sion,

Chantries elicit a more rarefied atmosphere, one of
a more spiritual essence. Temples and lodges attract
seekers hoping for a taste of forbidden knowledge, but
only the "i

allowed within

1 circles" of certain secret societies are

chantry's sanctum. In many such or-
ders, members may die and be reborn in a baptism of
blood, taking oaths of obedience to their new masters. A
few favored Kindred who are also allowed to dabble in
Thaumaturgy enact disparate rituals from a host adiffer-
ent schools and paths of magic. The Tremere often look
askance at any Kindred or Cainite who dares to operate
achantry without their blessing. In fact, many chantries
sponsored by the clan force a blood oath as a condition
of initiation.

Rookeriesare dark places where the destitute gather.
Impoverished masses desperate for shelter crowd adozen
they
become breeding grounds for vermin and disease. The
squalor is so monumental that most mortals dull their
senses with alcohol to endure their surroundings. Such
places may be found on the highest floors of building
‘often connected from building to building by passat
ways, or frighteningly close to the underworld of cities.
One of the most notable, the St. Giles Rookery in
London, stretches across several city blocks. As one
would expect, rookeries are perfecting hiding places for
indiscriminate predators as well, including Nosferatu,
who love to witness such suffering.

Agylums are the playgrounds of the mad. Their Un-
Dead inhabitants stalk unseen, watching the extremes of
human existence. For them, truth lies not in religion or
Cainite prophecy, but in the revelation of the mind
itself. Here the Kindred experiment on mortal subjects,
sometimes directing living doctors who are driven by the
same passions. The Malkavians are obviously familiar
with these domains, comingand going as they please, but
they have been known to lock others away deep within
the confines of their personally crafted hells.

Uni ntheirenvirons,
philosophical vampires debate de Elder
vampires often claim universities as part of their do-
mains, hosting private gatherings where
and occult scholarship can be exchanged. Under the

or a score to a bed. Unsanitary and unwholesom

itiesattract intell
hless ideas,

nventional


guise of secret societies, some even invite breathing
th discourse, though through certain
supernatural powers, they may be made to forget they

ests to share ins
ever held such conversations. Radical political debat
thrive in this rarefied environment. Intellectual Brujah
often face off in these arenas, like pugilists circling in a
canvas ring. Sadly, hot-tempered childer find such de
bates a little too engaging and, all too often, resort to
actual displays of fisticuffs

Flash houses are the iniquitous dens of criminal
nd other institutions of the Victorian
underworld. Here, thugs plot their crude tactics, stolen
and young scofflaws learn the tricks of
the trade. Of course, a flash house may also serve as a
recruitment ground for those who serve the Un-Dead in
amore direct capacity. These areas of illicit activity are
often protected by lurkers: beggars, mendicants, "street
Arabs" and urchins who can warn their unseen benefac-
tors when enemies arrive. Of course, depending on
whom they serve, they may be on the lookout for the
authorities, hunters or even rival vampires. Many serve

mobs, gangs

goods are fenced,

as resources for independent clans of vampires (includ-
ing the Giovanni and Setites described below).
Victorian necropoli are (by definition) cities of the
dead, and assuch, they fascinate the Un-Dead. Cemeter-
ieshold great religious power and significance, especially

in the Gothic Victorian age. Mortal legacies preserve

excessive displays of anguish in marble for all eternity

Victorians treat the subject of death with the typical
reverence and excess. With similar enthusiasm, vam-
pires who gather in such revered places employ certain
unspeakable rites, though many childer do not even
know these practices exist. The reanimation of dead
flesh,

practiced in elaborate mausoleums — in a world were

the horrors of living burial, hidden rites furtively

vampires are real, far more blasphemous things are pos-

sible.

Both gra
sites one would expect the

rds and churches are the sorts of holy
bbat to desecrate. Itis clear
to the most stalwart and traditional supporters of the
Camarilla that their enemies perpetrate their foul deeds
in rebellion against God himself. The very structure of
their society isan elaborate attempeat blasphemy, and it
ainitessell their very
souls to demonic forces in exchange for supernatural
power. While Kindred are discomfited, or even actively,
wounded, by holy ground, itis obvious for what purposes

isrumored that the most powerful

the very enemies of civilization seek to desecrate such
sacred sites. Ifsome elders maintain their humanitasin an
attempt to elicit God's mercy, then it doubtlessly cannot
compare with the suffering that awaits sabba

pires who forsake such noble ideals entirely

Legacies in Vitae
Civil
eny, not for a lifetime, but for all eternity.

J vampires value the merits of creating prog:
ing of the
transient pleasures of hunting living prey, a Victorian
vampire hunts fora mortal worthy of the gift—but more
importantly, who the vampire thinks can bear the weight
of the Embra
society is predicated on the importance of class structure
The paragons of mortal society, the upper class, are
regarded with esteem because itis believed certain desir
So it is

lan. A.

enta

Of course, the very fabric of Victorian

able traits pass from one generation to the n
with the Kindre
childe inheritsa legacy, and thus, he must be repre
tive of the Victorian virtues that legacy respects. Even

for one does not really "joir

the basest and most degenerate Nosferatu searches for a

childe who can weather the curse of undeath with moral
fortitude and courage (or bestial cunning, depending on
the character of her sire),

The creation of childer is also a way for Kindred
society t0
the Victorian age are fluent in its culture. While childer
are only ra

apt to the current age. Kindred sired during

ely accorded the genuine esteem of their
elders, they are sometimes held up as experts in current
mortal society. Elders thus notonly emulate the fashions
‘ofthe mortals they prey on, bu

as exemplars of these fashions. S

iso choose their progeny
idly, vampires are static
creatures by their very nature, preserved with many of
the attin
breathing da

les and affinit
The very spark of brilliance a sire hopes
to nurture in the nocturnal world of vampires fades

ss they demonstrated in their

compared to the innovations of the sunlit world of

humanity

Havens and Domains

A childe must eventually assert his independence by
safe place to call his own. While travel
certainly broad.

establishiny
s the mind, a wanderer can never be
accorded the same respect as an urbanite who has carved
out a niche in his city of choice, One's social standing is
defined not only by lineage and the company one keeps,
but also by the location of one's haven, the resting place
towhich one returns at dawn to escape the merciless rays
Gangrel sl
wilderness, Tzimisce ensconced in coffins with the soil of
their native land, Ventrue surrounded in their darkened
estates by carefully chosen retain

of the su eping in the very ground of the

each vampire in
his own way seeks a haven where he might find respite
from the hurly-burly of the mortal world.

Every haven has a few basic requirements. The
slightest ray of sunlight can cause a vampire to burst into
2 furious conflagration, so his haven must remain undis-

TE EMPIRE AFTER NGHTALL


turbed and immersed in darkness during the day. It
should be isolated, discouraging the most curious mortal
from interrupting (or discovering) the vampire's torpid
slumber (while a stake through the heart cannot kil
vampire, a hunter who finds a sleeping vampire may

it by this method). The haven must also be
secure, especially when the sun rises, for an awakening
vampire rouseshimselfsluggishly, particularly ifhiscoun-
tenance is bestial or monstrous. Urbanites bi
haven mustbe fitting with the character of the vampire,
for ifthe location is visited or discovered, it speaks of the
Kindred who resides there.

ieve the

The eldest vampires extend this last criterion one
step further, claiming the area around their haven as
their domain — only the most powerful and influential
vampires may do so, particularly
This realm is not only an area of responsibility, but also
the geographical boundary of the Kindred's authority
Vampiresdo not "control" these areas, perse, butaccord-
ing to custom, others who wish to pass through one must

the Victorian era,

ask the permission of the vampire who declares it under
his aegis.

A childe would do best to limit such claims to the
neighborhood surrounding a haven — declaring much
more invites challenges from all who would pass through
it, An elder may test the childe's mettle by merely
leaving a calling card with the childe's retainer, while a
prince may hold the childe responsible should any suspi-
cious or threatening activities take place within it.

A prince by definition claims the largest, most
populous and most prestigious neighborhoods ofthe city
as his domain. The nights when one would claim a vast
stretch of land as on
arrogance is considered particularly old-fashioned and,
with the danger of intrusion by the Sabbat, immensely
impractical.

certitory are gone, however. Such

Hunting and Humanity

The vampire craves human blood and must learn to
temper that hunger. Hunting is not merely a means of
ince, but an art form. Kindred of this age do not
merely feed on blood. They ravish, savoring the slow
death of their victims. Those they would take are not,
merely drained of blood, but sacrificed on the altar of

innocence.

Both degenerate Cainites and civilized monsters
find the thrill of the hunt an exercise that sharpens the
mind and quickens the blood. True epicures of the
terrible are not content to vietimize random strangers;
instead, they find one source of vitae who they may
exploitover ks or months. Such isthe fashion
of the age. Men and monsters dwell side by side in this,

CHAPTER ONE

world. When night falls, the distinctions between them
fade away in the London fog.

The gaslight that illuminates these nocturnal
stalkings forces discretion. Save for a few progressive
places blessed with electric light, every twilight gather-
ing of humans is illumined by flame. As the Un-Dead
well know, vampireswho lack control over their passions
lapse into frenzies of unspe
fronted by what they fear, including one of the few
substances that can harm them: fire, Monstrous crea-
tures succumb to paroxysms of terror atthe sight of flame;
thus, those perpetually surrounded by gaslight must mas-
ter their passions. In the civilized world, hunting by
gaslight requires restraint

Kindred who are indiscrete may openly display su-
pernatural powers while huntingor even kill their vessels
outright. These incautious fools become the very mon-
sters of Gothic fiction. Mortals believe that vampires (if
they even exist) must sustain themselves through mur
der. Sabbat Cainites further this reputation, slaughtering
their victims like cattle. In the barbarous lands, such
revelry is entirely possible, for mere peasants cannot
adequately arm themselves against the lords of the night.
Yet, in the heart of London,
populace can quickly turn on the killer in its midst.

Civilized vampires esteem other fictional examples
Consider LeFanu'sCarmilla,in which an Un-Dead tempt
ress befriends a young woman in the prime of he life. By
introducing her to strange new s
subors her over many months,
more dead than alive. Regard Dr.
slowly draining Harker's fianc
many weeks. As this isan era of romanticism, rom
vampires are drawn to the
They may even consummate their union by offering the
victim the Embrace, baptizing her in darkness and,
ultimately, damning her for eterni
Victorian ideal, and like many others, it often goes
tragically awry

More practical creatures of the night feed where and
when they can. The lone traveler may fall prey t0 a
roving Gangrel. A poor unfortunate may find some
surcease from suffering by submitting to a Nosferatu's,
Kiss. Ventrue often sup upon the blood ofthe aristocracy,
while Tremere may take succor from blood offered up in
ritual. Kindred who d
vitae polluted with absinthe, opium or laudanum, "chas-
ing the Dragon" through the bloodstream of a thousand
victims. The taste of blood comes in many exotic forms,
enough to sate esoteric tastes acquired over countless
feedings.

le slaughter when con-

in armed and educated

nsations, the vampire
itil the girl herself is
cula in Stoker's novel,
c of her life essence over

ntic
same vessels over and over.

y. This is a truly

selves seek oblivion imbibe


In Gothic fiction, a villain may come to represent
the sins of the hero, whether that sin is originally of his
ancestor or the faults and flaws of his own personality.
This fiction may very well have some basis in fact
‘Vampires seem drawn to prey thateither defies or defines
the flaws of their own character. A victim who can elicit
Pity, inspire rage or call the predator's very existence into
question may be killed swiftly. After this act of murder,
aremorseful predator may allow the dying victim to taste

pire's own blood — creating another childe as a

ching for
theone victim
who is
ally worthy
of the
brace.

‘The Feast
of Souls
Cursed by

God, Caine
was the first of
the vampires.
His legend
grows with
each genera-
tion
Victorian
childer view
himinalmost
religious
terms, for leg-
end holds that
the Almighty d
stroyed

soul, forever banishinghim from the Kingdom of Heaven.

There can be no greater curse than losing all hope of
salvation.

Camarilla legends hold that vampires who
cend to states of "perfect humanity" can renounce the
sins oftheir Un-Dead flesh and return to God's grace. A
pure soul redeems the dead flesh through mystical rites of
resurrection, knownas the suspire of Golconda. Whether
this is true or merely another ideal created to manipulate
idealistic childeris point of debate. Regardless, hopeful
Kindred take it asa sign that there is a chance, however
faint, that a vampiric soul may be redeemed.

Victorian vampires often insist that, while their
flesh has been corrupted, their souls endure. Kindred
elders also insist that their enemies in the Sabbat know

the rituals of Amaranth, blasphemous practices that
allow them to consume the souls of the vampires they
destroy. After slaughtering an older vampire (most nota:
bly, one of a lower generation), the vampire consumes
his victim's blood and steals the power of his soul.
Since this rite is one of blackest treachery, the
practice is commonly known as diablerie; its practitio-
ners are condemned. By diablerizing
cultist of the Sabbat eff
lowering his generation and bringing himself closer to

older vampire, a
tively steals the elder's power,
Caine. Thisis one of the reasons why sabbats of monsters
are demonized as villains, for they threaten not only the
domains of the
Camarilla,
but the very
souls of the

Kindred.

Ie is un-
thinkable
that a Kin-
dred of the
Victorian

Damarilla

would com:

mit such a

crime. Those

with super-

Bnatural

p insight may

detect an

aura of un-

om whekcmenes

around a

diablerist

Under the

custom

known as the

Tradition of Destruction, such a villain must be de-

stroyed. Yet, once again, there is a certain amount of

hypocrisy. Itis widely suspected that the very founder of

the Witches' clan, Tremere himself, ascended to the

ranks of the 13 Antediluvians by devouring the soul of an

Ancient. In typical Victorian fashion, many childer are

thus taught that all Tremere carry this certain streak of

vileness, even if itis duplicitously reproduced in the six
other clans of the sect.

Bonds of Blood

Elders often fail to mention that they have their
own, albeit weakened, variants of diabolical rites. De-
spite what Roman scholars may have said, blood is not
merely life, but also a measure of one's very soul. When

THE EMPIRE AFTER NIGHTFALL


‘one vampire feeds from the veins of another, they be-
1 becomes enthralled with
her new master, enslaved in some small measure. The act
of consuming another's blood defines roles of dominance
and submission. The master is sometimes known as a
regnant, while the servant becomes a mere thrall. If the
thrall feeds three times upon the blood of the regnant
over the course of at least three nights, he becomes
subservient to her for all eternity — of so goes the
whispered rumor. In truth, blood bonds

but elders rarely deign to tell their childer of this, lest
they prove resistant to taking draughts of their own
heady vitae.

With overwrought Victorian sensibility, this blood
bond has been elevated to new heights of romantic
significance. It is now quite the rage to host grand fetes
forchilder whohonor their elders by submitting to bonds
of blood. Accepting a blood bond is seen as an accep-
tance of one's rightful place in society. While childer are
taught to honor theie sites, its hardly surprising that the
thought of being enslaved for all eternity terrifies them.
Often viewed as a punishment, the blood bond has
become a powerful incentive to conform — or, at least,
feign conformity. Most Kindred are taught that a blood
bond enduresonly when an older vampireholdsa younger
one in thrall. As with much of Camarilla society, this is,
alle.

Secretive blood bondsare not recognized by society's
rituals, and thus, they may be far more terrifying. Bonds
furtively forged often defy the very status society de-
rand' Aehisde Ha Ouatave on der If och full che
necessary acts, and the bond will endure as surely as any
other. With sufficient treachery and intrigue, a madman
may enslave a sane man, a peasant can exploit a noble-
man, or a primogen councilor may hold regnancy over
her prince. By the power of her blood, a woman vilified
by Victorian society can secur
maligned her. Once the thrall submits to the regnant, the
ritual binds them in sanguine union. As one would
expect, such possibilities
company. By publicly dis

come soulmates: The serv:

power over the men who

are not discussed in polite
ing what are considered
"proper" blood bonds between sire and childe, or elder

and neonate, the structure of society is reinforced.

Ac this time, the elders of Tremere chantries insist
thatall of their initiates undergo two such feedings upon
the blood of each of the seven clan elders. The occasion
isaccompanied by all the trappings of high ritual. While
elders may claim that the Camarilla may offer salvation
to their childer's souls, they neglect to stress how imper-
iled they really are. An unwise childe may soon find
himself enslaved by the very elders who Embraced him.

(CHAPTER ONE

Aristocracy of the Un-Dead

Ci ‘ion requires just governance. Camarilla el-
ders claim dominion over the cities of men, enforcing
social conformity through draconian law. Justas Kindred
can mirror the rituals of gentility and grace, their social
contract is typically used to support much older beliefs.
Elders cannot truly "rule" these cities, but they do exploit
them for their own benefit. Ifa childe wishes to benefit
artistry and, most importantly, lifeblood
of the largest cities, she must obey the "rule by blood"
established by the aristocracy of the Un-Dead.

from the idea

The prince of the city is advised by a council of
primogen. In the largest cities, a wise prince recognizes
h of the largest clans in his domain.
there is no guarantee any one particular clan

‘a primogen for
Howevei
will be represented. The very concept of the council is
based on a communal conceit. In theory, they "repre-
sent" the vampires of that clan; in practice, any claim to
democracy is a fagade. The council actually advises the
prince on current issues, typically ones conceming each
clan, Each primogen may claim that his clan is unified,
but this claim is little more than a way to strip essers of,
their individuality. Alltoo often, the Victorian Camarilla
censlaves as wells as empowers,

Should a childe disagree with one of the Kindred of
thisaugust council, shhe may face thesting of aprimogen's
"whip," a councilor's assistant assigned to enforce loy-
alty. A few idealists believe that, because of relation by
blood, consanguineous vampires must support their
primogen's ambitions. Most whips, however, are hypo-
critesat bestand bullies at worst. Accepting the demands
of your clan can provide a resource — or become a
burden. The local primogen often defines the differ
ences. Fledgling vampires know they can tum to their
primogen for advice, since they can advise aptly on what
"the clans believe," yet the favor must be repaid in kind,
as society demands.

Many of the most onerous of these societal obliga
tions are defined by the city's harpies, Kindred obsessed
with the scandalous concerns of status. Recognized by
the prince's favor (or occasionally acting in spite of it),
they attend Camarilla fetes and functions within the
city. Asmonitorsof acceptable discourse, they praise and
scandalize according to their whims. With long memo-
ries, they are quick to point out any transgressions
against social etiquette. While this may seem trivial, the
support of the elders may depend on the blessings of the
harpies, as they bestow the ver
whole.

approval of society as a


Centuried Traditions

Custom is never absolute — itis a weapon wielded
absolutely by those in power. Kindred society was founded
upon the Six Traditions, a code of social "law" defended
since the Dark Ages (and even before according to some
Kindred historians). Although the deathle
static, unaging creatu
The prince interprets these customs according
to circumstance, and if he is wise, enforces his interpre:
tations ruthlessly. The words of each dictum change

indred are
ss, their customs are highly situ-
ationa

little over the years, yet ¢ them
exploited in new and innovative ways

The First Tradition: The Masquerade

Thou shalt not reveal thy true nature to those not of the
Blood. Doing so shall renounce thy claims of Blood.

While most ordinary people cannot easily prove the
existence of vampires, they may still suspect such mon
sters exist. Fear often prevents them from voicing what
they suspect. Society may shun those who openly profess
such beliefs. For Victorians, superstition holds strength.
While science inexorably drives unseen horrors further
into the shadows, even the most jaded urbanite may still
sense their presence. Educated gentleman may scoff at
es in the safety of their brightly lit drawing
rooms, but they will no doubt look over their shoulders

fantastic t

on the carriage ride home.

In this atmosphere charged with the frisson of suspi

cion, a solitary vampire exposed asa monster may reveal
the vast conspiracies of the Un-Dead. Secret societies
feerall. Ata

atts height, this

can survive only when they remain secret
time when the war against the Sabbat
Tradition demonstrates the greatest difference between
their two societies. Kindred believe that revealing the
existence of vampires to the mortal world would be
disastrous to civilization itself. Victorian Cainites con
vampires should take their rightful place as the
of the night and, thus, contest for supremacy in
domains. Since belief in, or at least suspicion
supernatural is so pervasive, many childer are
willingtoe
ifiewill
secure.

re the tyrannical whims of ruthless princes

-ep them safe, keep them secret and keep them
For these reasons, "shattering the Masquerade" is
the most serious crime a Kindred can commit. Not
surprisingly, it may also be one of the easiest accusations
a prince may use to slander his enemies. Openly using
supernatural power is the most overt transgression, yet a
prince may claim that maintaining social contact with
mortals or aspects of mortal society may threaten the

ibbat may

idered a violation of the Masquerade as well but

safety of his city. Communicating with the

be con

only ifthe elders aren't (demonstrably...) guilty of such
activity. It is also currently fashionable for a romantic
Kindred to take a mortal paramour — the threat of
discovery makes the pleasures of living flesh and blood
even sweeter. Toreador tell tragic tales of lovers who
were discovered and destroyed.

Those who reveal the powers of the Blood seal their
own damnation, for they are then hunted by their own
kind and destroyed. Victoriansare ruthless about enforc
ing the First Tradition. There is no clemency for those
who erase all evidence of their transgression, for the deed
itself shows the amorality of the fiend who committed
the crime. Superstitious mortals may choose to forget
such horrors, but Kindred rarely forget them, especially
if they can destroy an enemy with such punishments.
Thus, Victorian vampires must not only hide breaches of
the Masquerade from mortals, but also be thorough
enough to hide their transgressions from other vampires.
A fool who commits this crime once may be careless
enough to commit it again. Because of the mysticism of
the age, the deadliest dangers vampires face from break
ing the Masquerade don't come from the threat of human
retaliation — they come from their elders' sense of
"justice."

The Second Tradition: Domain

Thy domain is thy concem. All others owe thee respect
while in it, None may challenge thy word in thy domain

During the Long Night, a vampire could justify
killing another creature of the night simply because he
trespassed on his domain. Since the largest cities now
host a score or more of the Un-Deaa, these struggles for
territory are no longer practical. Instead, the prince is
first among equals. In the Victorian age, a city or region
under the protection of a prince becomes his domain
immediately upon "taking the throne." Elder vampires
cannot make claims to territories other than the ones
surrounding their havens without the blessing of the
prince. In fact, assigning a domain
ways for a princ
princedom. In these assignations, he makes certain el-
ders responsible for certain territory. And what he can
give, he can also take away

is one of the surest

to recognize those who support his

s may also consider
domain, p:

the neighborhood around their havens. For instance, a

Brujah elder may be granted domain over transportation

and shipping along Malk:

mastery of medicine may extend from his an aegis over a

hospital or sanitarium. Childer rarely hold such privi

pheres of influence" as
y if they correspond to

stretch of river, or an's

leges — and if they question this system, they will never
get them,

THE EMPIRE AFTER NGHTEALL


Some wise princes have begun to recognize certain
realms as the domain of a particular clan, "The salons of
thiscitya
may opine, "because they have always been ours." $

larly, when Robert Peel first established the London
constabulary in 1829, the Ventrue of London united to
define the police as part of their domain. Any attack on
a police officer was thus defined as an attack on the
London Ventrue, a tradition that continued fordecades.
Every vampire of the chosen clan haresin the obligation
of protecting itsclan'sdomain;a Kindred who denies this
call to arms should not look to his clan for support or

e the domain of Clan Toreador," a Degenerate

favors.

The Third Tradition: Progeny

Thou shale site another only with permission of thine
elder. If thoucreatestanother without thine elder's leave, both
thou and thy progeny shalt be slain.

Within the Victorian Camarilla, a would-be sire not
only needs to obtain the p
before creatinga childe, but also her prince. This reflects

mission of her own sire

more than
exist in the city. The progeny must be worthy of inher-
itingthe lineage of theclan. Ifthe childe falls short of this,
ideal before he i
Fourth Tradition), he may be destroyed. In many
princes and primogen may see a childe as a resource to
their goals before the creature is even Embraced.

st the need to ask if another vampire can

‘eleased" by his site (as defined by the

As princes justify seizing absolute power over their

nterpretation of thisdictum,
with a brutal convention: the scourge. Kindred existing
on the outskirts of acity are granted the right toscour the

surrounding countryside looking for vampires who would

domains, they enforce the

hide from the prince. Gangrel are expected to perform
this duty whenever they hunt outside their city. It isan
ancient custom, one as old as the First City, but some
recalcitrant young Gangrel believe it to be a new con-
vention. When they are older, no doubt they may take
offense at such crass exploitation. Perhaps this and other
Camarilla expectations of the Gangrel may fall out of
fashion as a result.

Ifa vampire is found who has not presented himself
to the prince and cannot prove an accepted lineage, he
istobe brought before the prince and primogen toaccept
judgment. Such affairs are often short-lived, resulting in
"society" destroying the offender. The huntsman who
found the criminal and brought him to justice is then
praised. This is perhaps analogous to a hound being
valued more than a mere lapdog. The practice encour-
ages all childer to obey the Traditions rigorously, ifonly
for the sake of their own survival.

(CHAPTER ONE

The Fourth Tradition: Accounting

Those thou create are thine own childer. Until thy
progeny shall be released, thou shale command them in all
things. Their sins are thine to endure

A sire is accountable for her childe until she is
"released," typically when she is formally introduced to
the prin
enyto
long time by some standards). During this time, the

Victorian vampires may require their prog-
forthisoccasion forseveral years (a remarkably

childe should take risks and make sacrifices for her
when called todoso. Should she tray, the prince isunder
no obligation to recog ts, and other vampires
may kill or feed from her as they see fit. Of course, doing
so invokes the wrath of the sire, so itis a privilege that is
rarely invoked.

When the childe is rel

toasaneor

sed, she is formally referred
xe. Even then, she must continue to uphold
her obligations. In a sense, her obligation to her sire is
complicated by her obligation to her clan. The requests
elders make may be as simple as regularly patrolling an
area of domain, investig
Traditions, delivering correspondence personally oreven
representing an elder ata social gathering far from a safe
domain. Viciouselders may den
tasks that skirt the limits of the
neonate "strays," the expendable tool is then discarded
or broken by
Howw
influenc

ig possible violations of the

nd that childerperform
ix Traditions; if the

‘amarilla justice.
llaneonate answers to the demands of elders

her status within the clan and the city. The

most difficult requests test
aconflict of interest. Ifa Kindred! sire has ambition, her

Kindred's loyalties or create

prince may need to quash it. As a result, a neonate may
be favored by her sire yet hated by her prince. She may
take a great risk for the elder of one clan, yet earn the
enmity of another. These conflicts between coterie and
clan and between one's clan and one's prince define the
very character of Victorian vampires.

The Fifth Tradition: Hospitality

Honor one another's domain. When thou comest 10 a
foreign city, thou shalt present thyself to the one who ruleth
there. Without the word of acceprance, thou art nothing

A vampire traveling to a new city must present
himself to the prince (and, in some cities, o an elder or
primogen of his clan as well). Victorians fulfill this
observance often with strained and calculated formality,

by recitation of lineage and ancestry. The

largest cities may demand visitors introduce themselves
to the prince upon their first night (and possibly even
certain elders within a week). Many Kindred maintain
regular correspondence with the elders of cities they
intend to visit, preparing themselves for such eventuali-
ties, Formal lettersof introduction, callingcardsdelivered


by minions and meetings arranged at high society func
tions all encourage social mobility — and surviv

The traveler who is ill prepared risks his very unlife
Ifa rebel flees city and survives, he may be destroyed in
the next domain he visits because he hasn't prepared a
proper introduction. If the prince is overwhelmed by
duty, he may appoint a primogen to receive visitors in his

leading to further loss of status if the visitor ¢

ure this out quickly enough. Discout
from traveling freely keeps them in their proper pl
within a city's hierarchy

Paranoia heightens these tensions when the Kin
dred of a city fear the Sabbat. A newcomer may be
mistaken for an enemy of, at the very least, a spy or
sympathizer. Ifthe task is not performed quickly enough,
aprince may invoke the Second Tradition to harry, hunt
or punish the transgressor. A prince has aright —nay, a
duty! — to question any who enter his domain unin
vited. He may even refuse hospitality, particularly if he
holds some bias or ig inst a given clan or the
childe of a certain si

Ancient vampires are above such concerns. Th
often consider themselves immune to this obligation
because they do not acknowledge the prince's authority
over them. Independent vampires, such as Ravnos and
Giovanni, may flout a prince's authority, especially if
they're only "passing through" his domain. Autarkis
quietly defy such rules, not only forsaking the privileges
bestowed by hospitality, but even tempting fate by risk

heir own destruction. Pitiful childer who were

Embraced and abandoned remain ignorant of such dis
tinetions, until the scourge finds them and forces their
complicity — or destroys them utterly

The Sixth Tradition: Destructi

Thou art forbidden to destroy another of thy kind. The
right of destruction belongeth only to thine elder. Only the
eldest among thee shall call the blood hunt

In its original meaning, this Tradition gave a sire the
right of destruction over his progeny, as upheld by
Kindred custom. Victorians have extended the world
elder" to include princes as well. Thus, the prince m:
call for the destruction of other Kindred within his
domain if they have violated one of the Six Traditi
Ifany other vampire destroys one of the Kindred without
holding the Right of Destruction, it is an act akin to
murder. Ofcourse, thisapplies only to Kindred and, more
specifically, those recognized by the Right of Account

Status w the scales of justice. The higher the
status or ge ition of the Kindred, or even his clan, the

swifter the prince's hounds are to find their quarry

Traditional Kindred have taken thisas license t Dy

THE EMPIRE AFTER NGHTEALL


autarkis and anarchs with impunity. A wise prince does
not tolerate the existence of these outcasts, for he then

vitiates his own Right of Destruction.

Lextalionis and the Huat

Aneye foraneye, sayeth the Good Book, anda tooth
fora tooth. A prince is as strong as his sense of righteous
vengeance; thus, he must slay those who challenge his
Traditions. All who hear this call have an obligation to
assist the huntsmen in aswi
as a blood hunt. Victorian Kindred know that only a
prince may invoke this "Lextalionis." The honor is not
yet accorded to elders — and certainly not to ancillae.
Kindred

ation

and brutal exercise known

Spreading across a city like a net, the cit
track their quarry. Because the speed of commu
and travel are limited in the Victorian Age, the hunters
must be swift. If they are delayed in the slight
possible their prey may escape. Some princes have come
to consider this "sport" fashionable and, thus, invoke it
regularly tokeep theirhuntsmen in practice. Yet,even in,
the most ruthlessly patrolled domains, the event often
becomes little more than a deadly way to run an errant
Kindred of the Camarilla outof town, demanding thathe
never return

Efficient slayers are praised as the prince's hounds,
For many Brujah, Nosferatu and Gangrel of doubeful
lineage, iis their clearest opportunity to be esteemed as
more than mere Rabble, Sewer Rats or Animals. While
the Masquerade isstill observed, the lower classes regard
these occasions withall the passion of an English foxhunt.
On those few occasions when the prey is caught, the
hauled before the prince for trial, torture or
immediate execution, depending on the character of the
prince. For all the claims of civility of the Victorian
Camarilla, when a prince is at his worst, the distinction,
between the brutality of a blood hune in the heart of
London and the monstrous practice of impaling bodies
on spikes in a Transylvanian tirsa becomes academic.
The Beast Within maintains many guises, yet the face of
brutality remains unchanged.

The excesses and brutality of the Victorian blood
huntare currently ll the rage, yetsome wonder how long
the practice will xploit their
strength, citing precedents of Lex: their ratio-
nale. And as one would expect, that same excess,
combined with the low status of childer and ruthless
interpretations of the Six Traditions, has convinced

monster

\dure. For now, princ
onis

the

many childer to pursue alternatives to ser

Camarilla, Faced with
cons

injustice, neonates may secretly
with more independent vampires — or fall prey
to the recruiting efforts of the Sabbat.

‘CHAPTER ONE

Cainite Society

Stark contrasts define the Gothic Victor
Outside the "civilized lands" of the Empite, the Sword of

of the
nto hide
ty; instead, these vampires would subju

world,

Caine has been raised to strike at the very h
Camarilla. The Victorian Sabbat sees no r
from humai
mankind. A Cainite does not pretend to be mort
freely indulges her monstrous nature. If the Camarill:
accounts are to be believed, the victimization of the
innocent, the corruption of the virginal and the desecra-
tion of the holy are all high rituals to the Sabbat
I arrogance, the Victorian Camarilla

paints its portrayal ofthe realms outside its influence in
broad strokes. What the Kindred do not understand,
they demonize. Yer, the elders have glimpsed a few
fragments of truth. The Victorian Sabbat rebels against
civilization itself. Having tasted freedom the rigid soci-
ety of the Empire neither tolerat
Sabbat childer savor improprieties the
demns.

While the wisest Sabbat elders counsel discretion
(particularly after the Purchase Pact, which has
the purpose of redirecting the sect — or, at |
ing to), a new generation of degenerate vampires have
flooded the sect, venerating all that is unholy. Like
aesthetes rejecting conformity, Sabbat childer play with
fire. They are amused by savage rites, opium and ab
sinthe, Baudelairean blasphemy and mock attempts to
feign sexual degeneracy. From travels in the East, they
bring Oriental delights ranging from the intricacies of
Asian tattoos to the grotesqueries of innovative torture.
Yer, what begins as ashocking descent from the civilized
world all too often becomes a downward spiral into an
abandonment of all that is human, Ultimate madness
and ultimate freedom are inexorably intertwined.

Cainites are not Embraced and raised as childer —
certainly not with the lengthy periods of tutelage in
etiquette and propriety Kindred endure. Instead, their
fervor is inculcated with Creation Rites. The childe is
victimized, then carried across new thresholds of exper
ence through pleasure and pain. After a mortal drained
of blood consumes a vampire's vitae, the rites allow him
to cross the boundary
monstrous existence.

In this barbarous
involves burying the fledgling alive, forcing him to fight
forundeath by clawing his way to the surface. Weakened
and weary, the childe is assaulted and forced into submi
sion, after which, the next of the dehumani:

nor understands,

narilla cor

st, claim-

between the living world and a

\ge, one common Creation Rite

ng rites
begins. While this isa ubiquitous method of inculeating
loyalty in Sabbat — particularly when a Crusade isat its


height and more shock troops are needed — it is by no
means the only one. The cre:
highly personal experience, one tailored to the vietim. A
Sahbat Toreador may introduce her lover to new roles of
dominance and submission, demonstrating knowledge a
proper Victorian woman would never dare profess. A
Sabbat Malkavian might use insight and torture toflay a
fledgling's mind of its fragile sanity, slowly creating a
bestial and demented monster. Tremere antiribu suc-
‘cumbtorituals of demonic mastery, while Brujah antieribu
teach childer new strength by forcing them to victimize
the very peasants they once defended. Corrupt creativity
destroys the childe's former identity, liberating him from
the constraints of mere humanity.

ion of a monster is often a

Asthe fledgling vampire recoversawhit of sanity, he
may choose toally with others who havesuffered as much
ashe has. He then submits to the Vaulderie, a ceremony
in which Cainites share their blood in a communal
chalice. By feasting on the blood of their own kind, they
form a pack devoted toa crusade against humanity itself
Cainites loathe the necessity of hiding from mankind.
They cannot openly act as vampires because of the sheer
numbers of lesser creatures (including Camarilla Kin-
dred). Vaulderie confirms that a Cainite's fist loyalty is
this own kind.

Kindred would fervently deny that any choice is
involved in submitting to the Vaulderie — an ironic
accusation, since so many Camarilla neonates are duti-
fully exploited by theirsires. The practice of Vaulderie is
placed in stark relief by the Sabbat's contempt for the
willingsubjugation evinced in the Camarilla, the suicide
of submitting to Antediluvians and the oppression dis-
played by Kindred elders. A Kindred childe may be
forced to form a blood bond with one trusted elder, but
pack forms this same bond of loyalty willingly between
all of the beasts who run with it. The liberation of the
Vaulderie isso profound that the childe may forget all
transient concerns he pursued before the ritual — itis a
very different (almost spiritual) form of "rebirth."

Eternal Revolution

When the Founders first proposed the society of the
Camarilla, vampiric sabbats reviled it. Clearly, it was a
way for the Ancients to keep their progeny enslaved
Theelders ofthe movement were merely puppets enact
ing the will of unseen masters. Their society has thus
become stagnant and submissive, keeping younger vam-
Piresenthralled asservantsof an illegitimate and unaging
aristocracy. Legends suggest that one night, the
Antediluvians will awaken to destroy the very creatures
they have spawned. Cainites claim that the Camarilla

Keeps their young docile so that, when the Antediluvians

awaken, hoary vampires can destroy and devour the
Kindred with litele or no opposition.

The Sword of Caine would strike these elders down,
When a Sabbat Crusade threatens a C:
pack leadersuse rituals of diablerie tose
and steal the power of their blood. Asa pack extinguishes
its victim, the Feast of Souls steals the victim's spirit,
Each time a younger vampire diablerizes an elder, he
lowers his generat
grow closer to Caine, strengthening themselves for the
night when they will take down the Antediluvians
themselves. Sabbat vampires revel in such villainous
ambitions. Of course, if they do not lear to act with
greater subtlety, they may reveal themselves as obvious
evils to be destroyed. If they do not
sure of success quickly, they shall perish.

narilla domain,
eKindred elders

n. In this manner, packs of Cainites

Vaulderie

While Camarilla vampires speak of guarding their
souls against the Beast, Sabbat priests uphold rites of
spiritual unity among Cainites. After Cainites are cre-
ated, childer form packs, often roamingas monsters todo
what they will. To show theircommunal allegiance, they
perform the rite of Vaulderie, the sharing of souls. The
priest of the pack produces a chalice, wherein each
vampire contributes a share of his blood. The chalice is
then passed from one pack member to the next, so that
all can feed from it. The results are like the Camarilla's
blood bond, but in this case, the pack members are not
enthralled by an elder, but allied to each other. Over
many such feedings, itis said, the vampire slowly replaces
her very identity
of the pack

and her very soul —with the essence

Bishops and Archbishops

What princes are to Camarilla cities, archbishops
are to the Sabbat. In most of the Old World, they follow
the medieval tradition of overseeing

st areas of un-
tamed land as their domains. In less secure areas, a city
without a powerful archbishop has a squabbling see of
bishops (typically from two to fiv
ze). Highly unstable areas are advised by acouncil
of prisci as well, who all too often use their political
influence within the sect to struggle for the reins of
power. If one bishop (or archbishop) has power, it is
because he has defeated all rivals in formal challenges.
The Old World yields slowly to the ambitions of the
Camarilla because ofa lack of clear political leadership.
Only a few European cities have been corrupted by
Sabbat Crusades, but a few revered Cainites watch over
entire cities in the Old World, making them mockeries
of the Camarilla's orderly Empire. In the New World,

depending on the

THE EMPIRE AFTER NIGHTFALL


particularly the United States, Camarilla neonates have
made reports of Sabbat packs capturing small towns far
removed from civilization. Cainites in North America
have begun to incorporate primitive beliefs, adapting the
practices of savages. The survival of the sect may depend
on such innovations

Particularly in the major cities it now occupies, the
Sabbat has begun to take on the trappings ofa religious
order. From the remote cities of Scandinavia and Spain
to the tirsas and knezates of Transylvania, the sect des-
cecratesand desanctifiesholy places, using them astemples,
for its atrocious rites. Each archbishop (or see of bishops)
oversees several Sabbat priests who shepherd packs of
ambitious Cainites, instilling them with proper loyalty,
fervorand obedience. Those who forsake such obedience
return to the wild, demonstrating why the true strength
of the sect lies occulted within rustic and barbarous
lands.

Cainite Clans

The Trimisce are the eldritch masters of
Europe, Un-Dead overlords who subjugate the peasants
they exploit. Terrifying traditional tirsas and knezates
through brutal nocturnal displays of supernatural power,
they clutch ancient territories within their powerful
claws, guarding them against the encroaching light of
the modern world. Time has not changed them. Ancient
traditions of the Dark Ages still thrive within their
domains, and they have the might to destroy any who

nsist otherwise. As brooding monsters in the craggy
of crumbling castles, they are so effective in their
dominance that their reputations are even whispered of
in the civilized lands. These Fiends serve asthe source for
many civi

stern

tow

mortal's conceits about the legendary

nature of Victorian vampire:

Fervent cultists among the clan have taken the
Sabbat's religious beliefs and grafted their own heresies
onto them. Ingenious elders have perfected ancient
rituals of transforming their own bodies into obscene
sherafting them-
selves into blasphemous creatures. They make a sham of
Darwin's theories, demonstrating that even the most
horrific offshoots of the evolutionary process can flour-
ish. In the same way, they
cannot protect, remaking them in their own image and
poisoning the lands' very soil with their near-mythical
folk sorceries.

variants of conventional physiology

fest lands the Camarilla

Insharpcontrasttothe!
wdowy int

iends'brutality,theLasombra

are masters of s e, including the politics of
the Sabbat. Religious leaders within the clan remember
their breathing days as functionaries of mortal courts or
the Church, before they succumbed to temptations of

CHAPTER ONE

powerand evil. Political masters watch over descendents
in Spain and Italy, desperately holding on to kingdoms
younger Cainites have forsaken. The clan degenerated
into evil when an elder of the clan led a pack of followers
to slaughter and diable
strating the virtuc of destroyingone'selders. Manipulating
the very shadows around them through the power of
blood, the Keepers scheme to employ the same treachery
against their Ancient masters.
The antitribu clans are distortions of
Is. Gangrel antitvibu are the savages of Victorian horror,
more beasts then men, all too often fearful in appe
a result of their indulgence in their animalistic urges.
n antitribu afflict their victims with madness,
spreading insanity like a pestilence through natural and

e the clan's founder, demon-

amarilla ide-

supernatural populations. Toreadorantitribu are as beau-
tiful as they are cru
thei n paramouts. Nosferatu antitibu typically
eschew such social intercourse, as bestial revelry, exploi-
tation of the impoverished and an appreciation for the
ugliness of the age are far more compelling.

Before revolutions sw
bors truly medieval anachronisms. During the Victorian
Ag pting
warrior Brujah antitrbu as the aristocracy of their sect —
and struggling for decades to overcome their clan's
stigma. The Tremere antitvibu are relics ofadead age, still
seeking for the powers undeath can offer by bargaining
with magic. Yer, the
to endure such changes, forgin;
preserving freedom — at any price.

The Independents

Both the Camarilla and the Sabbat are embroiled in
bloody rites and treacherous politics. It is no wonder,

‘equally callous or torturous toward
hum

ep the sect, the Sabbat har-

Ventrue antitribu serve asan outcast clan,

rorian Sabbat is strong enough
nsas one while

then, that some forsake both unions, keeping to their
own kind above all else. By the Victorian era, several
independent clans have emerged as politically signifi-
cant in their own right

The Followers of Set gather like nests of vipers,
slithering into hidden places throughout the world. In
the civilized lands, they have begun to exploit the birth
of a new archaeological science: Egyptology. Egyptian
myths and legends feature prominently in the b
many Victorian students of the occult. Ate

iefs of
Sir Petrie's
archaeological expeditions in the 1880s and excavations
at Akhenaton, interest in Egyptology soars. The names
of Egyptian gods become
Yet, at the me, Egypt has become a battleground
between Enj and France. Two empires contest for
control of a nation they do not understand. Just as
Victorian scholars have found new revelations into

known inacademiccircles.


magic and the occult by studying Egyptian lore, the
Serpents believe they possess occult knowledge that pre
datesthe Camarilla, the First Cityandeven thedamnation
ofCaine. By their heretical beliefs, Setcreated what they
consider the oldest and original clan in his image. Cults
of Setites in the Victorian age prepare the world for a
time when the Empire can be remade in Set's image.
Mortals the clan exploits have lost all semblance of
Victorian restraint, as they are often secretly addicted to
the substances, services and degenerate activities Set's
childer provide. Setite cults guard temples hidden in
darkness where the old
true ways preserved. As the nests of these snakes spawn,
they strive to recover holy antiquities that have been
stolen, to undermine the religions that defy their god, to
retake Britain's Egyptian colonies and to reclaim the
world for Ser's glory

es may be spoken and the

The Ravnos are the
traditions, watching over companies of mortal wander-

aliving inheritors of nomadic

ersas they roam across Europe. These vampires move
between cities and wilderness with equal freedom, never
staying long enough to fully endure the scorn of princes,
the schemes of Sabbat or the consequences of their
actions.Furious that the world has no place for them, the
Deceivers take revenge against those in power, giving
princesand archbishops alike the "Treatment": schemes
designed to unleash spite and misery in their wake.

The Giovanni are unified by an act of treachery.
During the Italian Renaissance, their mortal ancestors
became masters of necromantic arts. Theit bold innova
tions attracted the attention of the Antedi
progenitor ofa forgotten clan, a death cult fascinated by
thecryptic mysteries of thanatosis. The Giovanni united
and conspired to diablerize the elders of the la
place of infamy among the Un-Dead. Ther
Necromancers Embraced generations of their descen-

vian

arming
after, the

dents and adopted new families into their deathless
conspiracy. With characteristic ambition, the Giovanni.
and allied families have expanded their influence wher
ever the Camarilla's vigilance has fallen lax. With their
‘command of occult arts, the Giovanni summon the very
spirits of the dead to prey upon their enemies. With the
mania of spritu nntin thisage, shades and
spectres find the boundary between worlds easier to
circumvent with each passing year — bringing power to
the Giovanni.
The Assamites are an enigma to the C
they are seldom seen save in legends... and nightmares.
an of Middle Eastern vampires, they uphold a
‘culture far older than the Camarilla or Sabbat. Kindred
presume they know all about these "swarthy assassins,"
vilifying them in racist epithets. Yet, these childerdonot

n so pre'

marilla, for

know of the clan's secrets: their centuries of scholarship
in Arabic blood magic, their
plines of sound and silence and their dominance over

ery of hidden disci

cultures of the Arabic Un-Dead — secret societies sur-
prisingly simi
Treaty of Tyre, the Saracens submitted toa curse: Treme

warlocks enacted a ritual that would remove their ability

to those of the Kindred. As part of the

to perform diablerie. Ignorant Kindred do not suspect
that several elder Ventrue, as part of the Treaty, have
formed a secret alliance with masters of the clan, ensur-
ing their enforcers keep knives pointed at the throats of
common enemies.

Coteries and Conspiracies
Asone might expect, the eldest vampires remember
a time before there was a Camarilla or a Sabbat. They
refer to that time as the Long Night or the War of
Pr the time between the fall of Rome and the
ance. Some childer suspect that there may have

Renai
been a time when their elders could conduct intrigues
without the limits of modern sects and politics. They are
quite corre

elder
with the agents of other sects. Such
become increasingly unfashionable, to point where they

As generation holds its privileges, some
even continue to communicate and even bargain

lliances have

have become hidden associations maintained across the
ages. A coterie cannot survive such changes; instead,
they are shamefully addressed as conspiracies
Victorian conspirators have taken on the affecta-
tionsof the
including possible ostracism from society itself, many act
with the fervor of secret societies. As treachery can
invite damnation, many hold bloody rituals that would
invite envy from the Masonic Order — or the Hellfire
Club. When separated, a conspiracy's actions may de

Because theiractivitiesentail great risks,

pend on messages delivered by conditioned
intermediaries, encrypted and ciphered correspondences
or, in some cases, telepathic transmissions and
summonings. When gathered, the conspirators reinforce
their alliance through ritual 2 (ands
often serve as the best high priests of such services. The

Treme ites)

participants may simply feed from the same chosen
victim, share animal blood from a consecrated chalice
offer pra

to the same master.

8 to an otherwise forgotten god — or all bow

Legions of Extraordinary
Gentlemen

The Victorian hunterisan icon of the age
insight o
and the resolve of Van Helsing, mortal hunters reclaim

‘THE EMPIRE AFTER NIGHTFALL

ith the
Sherlock Holmes, the courage of Mina Murray


the cities of mankind. Whether armed with shotguns,
sword canes or singlesticks, clad in deerstalker caps or
Inverness capes, they are singular models of determin
tion. Many hunters take up sword and pistol to aver
loved ones who have fallen to vampiric predation. Those
who makea career of such exploits maintain a reputation
as relentless foes. Then again, they would have to do so
—a life of vengeance runs the risk of damaging one's
reputation, financial security and societal status,

The deadliest hunters become ardent students of the
occult as they pursue truths about the dread vampyr. A
few even wield supernatural weapons of their own,
whether as spiritualists, psychics or warriors of God
(some occultists refer to these powers as Numina). Par-
ticularly religious crusaders see vampires as the tools of
the Adversary, the very embodiment of evil. For them, it
is not merely lives that are at stake, but the souls of the
vampires' victims.

With the emergence of new sciences and new dis-
coveries, hunters have taken up innovative methods of
pursuing their Un-Dead foes. One of the most distinctive
archetypes of the age is that of the consulting detective.
‘While few sleuths can attain the fame of theit fictional
counterparts — paragons such as Sherlock Holmes and
Carnacki the Ghost Finder — exotic crime flourishes in
the Gothic Victorian age. By profession, these specialists
work with the local constabulary and private citizens —
and, on occasion, the governments of nations. More
fanciful tales concer vengeful secret societies: "hunting
clubs" founded by the factotums of these same agencies.
While such students of nascent criminology and the
esoteric no doubt share knowledge, it is unknown how
many such societies exist and, truthfully, how large they
are.

Conversely, hunters often have no conception of
how numerous or org pires are. In fact, fanati
cal beliefs often lead to fantastic misperceptions about
their foes. Many is the time that a hunter has staked his
prey through the heart, not realizing that the monster
will thriv nonce the stake is removed. This has led
to the belief that the forces of darkness may reanimate
fallen vampire —a fortunate misunderstanding for those
who are willing to go into hiding from relentless hunters.

With groundbreaking inventions in the fields of
travel and communication, hunters grow stronger with
each passing year. While Victorian technology issteadily
advancing, i till has its limits. For instance, ifa breach
of the Masquerade occurs, the news takes time to spread.

‘One can communicate only so much by telegraph. Al

though journalists work quickly, a scandal won't be
documented until the next edition of the local newspa-
per (if at all). Only a few of the wealthy have access to


outland-

to lose
such a privilege. This buys indiscreet Kindred some time,
which princes expect them to use wisely.

telephones, and crusading against anyt
ish as vampires could result in enough scanda

If hunters arrive to dispatch the offending
nightstalkers, they move atthe speed of the fastest horse,
carriage or train available. These limitatio
thehuntedas well, or escaping from the scene of acrime

may hinder

is not as simple as alighting a departing
‘mortal hunter has found his prey, he pursues him with
relentless and indefatigable fervor. Chasing a monster
across the countryside can become an epic undertaking,
as even Dracula could not shake his pursue
continental flight from London to Varna.

n. Once a

Myths and Monsters of the
Victorian Age

Faith and science are forces to be reckoned within
theEmpire, but magic remains hidden by secret societi
Supematural creatures must still hide from the light, but
in Victorian cities illumined by flame
intrusion of the supernatural is waning. This era has
more hunters than any since the time of the Inquisition,
when holy warriors used theircrusades against witchcraft
to wage their war against the night. Yet, it also holds
more monsters than they
stroy

‘olerance for the

hope to oppose and de-

Werewolves

Those who roam the cold wastes of the wilderness
know that werewolves are real. If 20 or 30 vampires can.
gather in a city, packs of lycanthropes no doube lair in
their own dens as well. Childer consider the particulars
of such bestial societies something of a mystery, as
werewolves typically savage vampires who intrude on
their territories. On the few occasions when vampires
‘mustdeal with them, bloodshed results. There can be no
reasoning with them, no entreaties for mercy ot forgive-
ness for imagined slights. Even Gangrel change their
‘course when finding the tracks of a Lupine, for when the
moon is full, werewolves know of no distinctions be-

tween sect or clans. Any creature that encroaches on

their dwindling territories must be destroyed.

The most secretive lycanthropes dwell in the very
heart of civilization. A werewolf is half monster, yet he
ishalf human as well. By living in the midst of humanity,
the "gentleman werewolf" attempts to preserve his finer
{qualities Bestial creatures might take umbrage at such
complicity, but the cosmopolitan creature feels an ob

gation to watch over the herd of humanity. Of course, his
monstrous urges cannot be denied. In the depths of his

il

heart, he aspires to run free in the primal wild and hunt
prey as nature intended. Ife cannot willingly take the
form of a beast at least once a month, he may eventually
‘g0 mad. Iris an existence both arduous and painful, like

walking on broken glass.

Sorcerers
The Gothic Victorian age holds untold numbers of
secret societies. Some have been suborned by Kindred
seeking power, privilege or blood. Yet with even greater
subtlety, some magical societies r
vampires, gatherings of sorcerers that practice their craft
mi ibtle enough that its
‘e may remain unseen — as well as its practitio

the intrigues of

ners. While visionaries such as Whyte, Regardie and
Gardner define conventional magic, the practitioners of
more esotericarts break the boundaries of reality through
the power of their will. Their mastery is great enough
that their most extensive societies remain hidden from
the rival conspiracies of vampires. For every Tremere
who would bend a magical society to her own ends, all
too often a mortal sorcerer is there with the power to
resist her

As the dawn of the 20th century approaches, a few
imaginative mortals who push the frontiers of science
discover powers akin to magic. After the publication of
Mary Shelly's Frankenstein, the mad scientist becomes:
an archetype of Gothie fiction. The horrors she imaged
are made real by sorcerers who reanimate her vision.
Electricity, chemistry and physics become substitutes for
the witch's bell, book and candle. Whether toiling
privately in hidden laboratories or discon
tiers in explorers' societies, these scientists have an
influence on the age as subtle and pervasive as the
Jum

iferous ether.
One conspiracy of scientists acts not outof madness,
but ruthless efficiency. Exploit
have cultivated for several centuries, they have infil-
trated the very highest levels of Victorian society. Few
suspect their roles in Masonic lodges, functions in
Rosicrucian societies, aspirations as would-be Illuminati
or service as advisors to Queen Victoria herself. Their
craft isso subtle that they do not even consider it magic.
Their gc
the scions of a Victorian technocracy
make the world in man's own image, purging it of the
influence of the occult. Neither vampires nor these post-
Industrial sorcerers suspect the extensive nature of one
another's conspiracy. On the other hand, other sorcerers
who have heard of their ambitious plans have already
begun to consider them "black hats," particularly their

secret societies they

isaworld dominated by the masters of science,
hey would re

‘THE EMPIRE AFTER NIGHTFALL


inces and spiritualism attract the adventurous
and empower the dead. After the spiritualist movement
of the late 19th century, belief in the spirit world makes,
ier for the Restless Dead to cross from other worlds
into the realm of the living. Creatures of great passion,
they defy death itself to commune with flesh-and-blood
creatures. The further a Kindred or Cainite fades into the
shadow of mortal society, the more likely he istoencoun-
ter the wraiths, shades and spectres of the Underworld,
the spiritual reflection of the mortal world. Giovanni
Necromancers lear to exploit them; Malkavians may
see them and fear them; Toreador are overwhelmed by
their empathy. Behind the hidden societies of vampires,
the empires of the dead, from hierarchies of souls to
actwith even greatersubtlety. Thedrama
of the dead presents vast epics few vampires see. Because
of the powers ghosts wield, those who witness the Rest-
less Dead do so at their own peril. And some do so
because of the acts of the Un-Dead themselves...

itea

Faeries

Victor
tragic thoughts vampiresentertain. They have far greater
concerns. Faith may still be strong in the Victorian
world, but magic is dying. Ivis rumored that most fey fled
the world centuries ago, seeking mythical realms such as
Arcadia, Avalon and Tir-na-Nog, before such places
became too impossible for the modern world. The few fey
that remain on Earth in the Gothic Vietorian age are
drawn to the glamorous places of a bygone ag
where magic was once as powerful and plentiful as beauty
and imagination. Only the most dedicated souls who
seek the Fair Folk will find them. And vampires who do
find them areal too often driven mad by the experience.

in faeries seem frivolously immune to the

Astral Travel
Many powerful vampires have learned secret powers
for accessing other spheres of existence, most notably a
realm known as the Astral Plane. The concept has been
known for centuries, but remarkably enough, the term is
alleged to have been devised by human scholars of the
occult. Theosophists and scholars of the Golden Dawn
like claim that a handful enlightened mortals have
"ascended" to the astral spheres, becoming more than
human. Some have merged with infinity itself, while
others remain in touch with the human world to shep-
a fanciful tale
indeed, students of certain vampiric Disciplines have

herd others to ascension. While this is

CHAPTER ONE

claimed to have encountered other entities on their
astral travels — some more powerful than vampires.

Around the World in Eighty
Nights
‘WhetherKindred or Cainite, when a vampir
of Victorian culture, she often refers to events and
scandals in Britain. London is the jewel in the crown of
the Victorian Empire. Alll other civilized cities are mea-
sured against its standards, at least among the Damned.
Of course, it's also a squalid, dangerous place populated
by the only vampiressavvy enough to survive the machi-
nations of Mithras, the Methuselah prince, the tyranny
of Valerius, his chamberlain, and the fury of Lady Anne,
his childe and betrayer. Any Kindred seeking status
should travel to London, but inevitably, the time comes
toflee from its vicious politicsand impossibly high idea
‘When that time arrives, countless other cities may
and
repair one's reputation. For each of these realms, a
handful of cities exemplify their character. The Camarilla
n the
xtremes

well prove a sanguinary oasis to which one can fle

cities detailed below show the contrasts betw
many lands of the Empire. Demonstrating the
of vampiric society, these select cities demonstrate the
iniquities of the Gothic Victorian age.

European Cities

London isthe standard to which all other Camarilla
domains are held. The lengthy tenure of a Methuselah.
prince named Mithrashasnot only reinforced the idea of
its regent's unquestioned authority, but also served as a
precedent for princes everywhe
disappearance in 1880 left a political vacuum. His sen-
eschal maneuvered toseize power, but he was betrayed by
his own childe, Lady Anne, the current prince of Lon-
don. Many powerful elders consider her actions
presumptuous; thus, she must ruthlessly enforce her
authority to keep up appearances while distracting visi-
tors from the many subtle attempts to undermine her. In
much the same way throughout the Camarilla, princes
wield power openly and ruthlessly. As the Victorian age
proceeds, their authority wanes

Paris has been a haven for Toreador elders since the
very founding of the Camarilla. The Degenerates com
pete fiercely to be worthy of acceptance in such a
prestigious domain. Francois Villon has claimed the
domain for centuries, securing status few would dare
challenge. While the aristos of the Parisian Kindred have
remained firmly entrenched, Paris itself has suffered.
Many mortalsstill remember the hardships ofthe Franco-
Prussian War. The city suffered only minor damage from

Unfortunately, his


Prussian attacks, but the revolt of the Paris Commune

destroyed much of the inner city in a great fire. Over
20,000 soldiers lost their lives defending the city. Re-
building, both political and architectural, continues well
into the 1890s. Parisian Kindre

ence to rebuild the city in service to their own interests.

use their copious influ

Viennaisnotonly home toan uppercrustof Ventrue

aristocracy, but the alleged resting place of an Antedilu-
vian: Tremere himself. Throughout most of the era,
Vienna's prince plays a dangerous
diplomat between these two powerful alliances. Trem

fear this city, as a "summons to Vienna" means that one

me by acting as a

may be called upon to justify one's actions to the seven

elders of the clan. By contrast, any Malkavian who is
ated by the prospect of re :

lear from the small coterie of Lunatics who reside thei

The

but still eagerly await his latest re

re cautious not to disturb Doctor Freud's progress,
lations.

Venice has maintained a similar balance of power
throughout the 19th century. Most of the city's few
elders are Ventrue

nd Toreador, led by a charismatic

"merchant prince," but the city is also home to the most
powerful vampires of Clan Giovanni. It is rumored that
aged and degenerat

some trouble of by

-cromancers, free from the worri-

athing, have made their havens

§

beneath the murky waters of the city's submerged build

Bolstered by unseen forces, the supporters of Clan

Giovanni completely ignore the authority of the city's
The domain is also continually
troubled by disease and plague afflicti
Thus, only the few local Nosferatu remain untouched by

this fluid struggle for power.

so-called "prince.
g the local kine

American Gothic
America, once the bastion of grand ideals, has long
since lost its innocence. A scant two decades a

ivil" war claimed the lives of hundreds of thousands of
American soldiers.

Reconstruction in the American
South has remade it in an image the wealthy of the North
prefer. Corruption in business is rife across the East Coast
— and even more prevalei
ed and Tammany Hall, when

money can buy and sell political influence at bargain

in American politics. This
is the time of Boss Tw

rates. Of course, if much of that political influence lies in
the claws of vampires, so be it
New Yor!

citieson the

is not only one of the most prosperous
East Coast, butalsoamong the most progres
sive cities in the world. As it is also the most

city in America, those who prey upon humankind are
drawn to it. It hosts one of the largest societies of


vampires in the world. The lethargic traditions of the
Old World have been supplanted here by industry and
ambition. Victorian Gotham and its surrounding bor-
oughs are extensive enough that Kindred and Cainites
are present in the same city. And beneath the streets, as,
workers toil to expand the underground infrastructure of
this thriving metropolis, unseen masters help extend
their efforts into a vast Nosferatu Kingdom, one utterly,
warped and hideously beautiful. They are expanding it
recklessly — heedless of the consequences to come.
The American West isn'tas subtle in its conflicts, for
thisis the age of the Wild West. Few Camarilla vampires
are willing to make the long trek to see meager popula-
tions of mortal kine, and those who do risk thei very
existence. West of the Mississippi, the Sabbat roams
largely unchallenged, marauding as savage beasts overan
untamed land. In their wanderings, Cainites feed as
freely from Native Americans as Europeans. After wit-
nessing spiritual ceremonies that hold a certain synergy
with their own beliefs, Sabbat vampires have begun to
integrate shamanistic beliefs into their own religious
practices
San Franciscoshows the contrastsof the WestCoast,
isolated haven for the few Camarilla vampires
brave enough to explore the West. In 1846, the city of
Yerba Buena was seized by the United States Navy as part
of the Mexican-American War; the following year, its
name changed to San Francisco. The Gold Rush of 1849,
brought wild and lawless hordes of humanity and, as one
would expect, Kindred and Cainites who would exploit
them. A ruthless Camarilla prince aided by powerful
Gangrel brought the order of the Victorian Traditions to
this domain. His power extended only so far, however, as
st territories surrounding San Francisco were claimed
by Sabbat, powerful autarkisand self-proclaimed anarchs.
A railway line from the East, completed in 1869, has
allowed more Kindred to make the lengthy journey to
this island of civility. They will no doubt continue to do
so, contributing to the city's status asa major metropolis
by the burgeoning 1890s

asit

‘The Mysterious Orient
As Kipling

East is East, and West is West."
Kindred are blissfully ignorant of much that happens in
thecourtsof their Oriental counterparts, called Cathayans
in the Occidental tongue. That doesn't mean Western
vampires never encounter Eastern ones, however. Since
the British Empire has seized several Chinese cities,
Camarilla vampires have taken their conquest asign that
they should seize their corresponding domains. The
Asian "vampires" — if such a description of these myste-

CHAPTER ONE

rious creatures is indeed accurate — aren't eager for
another "shadow war" to protect their territories.

Instead, Eastern vampires are largely content to let
the Kindred encounter the supernatural mysteries hid-
den within their lands. Oblivious to the dangers of
tampering with dragon lines, confronting hengeyokai
shapeshifters and interfering with subtle Asian sorcerers,
the Kindred are rapidly learning that they are poorly
equipped to oppose the threats of the "dragons of the

ast" or the supernatural agencies that strike in ways the
Westerners cannot anticipate, oppose or even under-
stand.

The Kindred''s efforts are frustrated by historical
movements as well. In China, the soldiers of the Boxer
Rebellion plan to drive the British Empire from their
homelands. Paranoid princes are convinced that they
must be supported in some way by vengeful Cathayans,
yet no proof emerges. Despite revolutionary attempts at
resistance, the British have established a series of rapidly
growing and highly profitable colonies here. For in-

.ce, the city of Singapore hada population of less than

few hundred people when it was "discovered" by British
explorers in 1819. By 1880, it is home to over 200,000
mortals

Japan has remained distant from the rest ofthe world
for centuries, but the 1880s mark the start of the Meiji
Restoration, an attempt to modernize the nation by
learning and adapting the traditions of the West. A few
Japanese cities now have Camarilla princes, but the few
visitors they receive wonder how much power they
actually wield. Each seems to tolerate the Asian vam-
pirespassing through hisdomain, even remaining content
to let them come and go without formal introductions
But if they don't enforce th dition, are they
really princes? Many European vampires suspect there
may be some form of conspiracy bet
Princes, the self-proclaimed Bu:
what autarkis "Kuei-jin" vampires who dwell nearby
The truth is more insidious than any Europe:
imagine.

n the Dragon
an, and the some-

dares

The Indian Colonies

Asone of the most prosperous and traditional of the
British Colonies, India has become another (albeit
smaller) jewel in the Camarilla's crown. Princes and
elders watch over the largest European settlements,
takinga great deal of pride and credit
the Empire. Elaborate missives sent to Great Britain
speak of attempts to explore further into the Indian
subcontinent. Proud English Kindred sire progeny to aid
them in these attempts — and most of their childer die.

n the expansion of


Although few would admit it, powerful supernatural
forces have repeatedly claimed the unlives of curious
vampires who traffic with forces they do not understand.
Rumors persist of unusual hifters,a veritable king-
dom of Indian ghosts, sorcerer-cultists who deal with
strange frontiers of death and pleasure and, most remark
ably, dangerous bloodlines of hitherto unknow
vampires. Unless the Camarilla can overcome these
cryptic forces, their ambitions for India are doomed. Of

lwwart supporters of the Camarilla would never

European powers are quickly suborning the territo-
ties of Africa. By 1884, they will place designs on nearly
every territory on the map. Within 40 yy
places — such as Liberia, Ethiopia and a few portions of
the Sudan — have escaped the auspice of "colonial
protection.'

In Northern Africa, Egypt is one the most hotly
contested areas of Camarilla influence. The Ventrue
Prince of Alexandria, for instance, is well aware of the
number of Setites and Assamites who would just as soon
destroy him as ruin his claims of domain. His primogen
claimed supremacy in the city after the British bom-
barded it in 1882, acting in response to the extensive
slaughter of European residents there. By 1890, the
whole of Egypt is under British rule, a fact the Camarilla
exploits forall itis worth. Yer, in the shadows, autarkis
vampiressilently convertand destroy the Kindred within
their domains. Childer who dream by day of destroying
the enemies of the sect need look no further. The
campaign against Setites and Assamites is overt, even if
the e

Fs, very few

retribution is subtle.

Victorian Innovations

Gas Lighting: Gaslight was invented by William

Murdock, a Scottish engineer. This innovation relied
‘upon a practical n
Initially, one of the most useful applications of his
discovery was in the theater. Gas lighting was first
successfully adapted for the stage in 1803 at London's
Lyceum Theater. In 1816, the Chestnut Street Opera
House in Philadelphia instilled a more complex gas
lighting system. It supplied its own gas by m
generator within the building. By the 1850s, several
Cities (including, of course, London) began the instilla-
tion of gas stations and city mains.

ethod of distilling gas from coal.

ins of a gas

Its theatrical applications led to many of its first
innovations and demonstrated several obvious advan-

tages over other forms of lighting. For a start, the flame

produced was not only brighter than oil lampsorcandles,
but also easier to control. By varying control valves from
central point, a technically proficient thespian could
gradually increase or decrease its light or even affect this
change at varying speeds. For dramatic effect, gaslight
made it easier to darken the lights in a theater or
auditorium. The most elaborate systems employed a "gas
table" to display these
as the forerunner of the modern switchboard).

ontrol mechanisms (which served

Of course, the system was not without its disadvan.
tages. The heat it produced was an inconvenience, and
the vapors itcreated were often offensive. Both concerns,
obvious threat as a fire hazard
—a complication that understandably terrifies the Kin-
dred.

What Hath God Wrought?
these words comprise the first message sent by telegraph.
Over the next 20 years, Morse code becomes the techno:
logical lingua fran

paled in comparison to

As history tells us,

of international communication.
For less than two pounds, a resident of London can send
found the globe. By 1890, the
time required to deliver a
London to Syciney, Australia is reduced to a scant three
hours. By 1898, when Queen Victoria sends a message
throughout her colonies for her Diamond Jubilee, she
dispatches 10 words by telegraph, which within three
hours travels to colonies from Jamaica to Cape Town,
from Hong Kong to Montreal, signifying the triumph of
the telegraph over the boun aphy

Social Reform: Many of Karl Marx's works were first
printed and translated after his death in 1883. Volume
Two of Das Kapital was printed in 1885, while Volume
One was first printed in English in 1886. At the same
time, the Fabian Society called for social reform and an
end to monarchy. In a far more brutal outburst of rebel-
lion, the Dynamiters become the terror of London,
leaving their nitroglycerin bombs on British railwaysand
other public places. In 1884, the same year the Fabian
Society is founded, the Dynamiters strike at Scotland
Yard itself. As vampiric society echoes mortal innova-
tion, some of these social reformseven find their way into
the customs of the Un-Dead. The Sabbat, for example,
harbors its own society of Fabians determined to bring
down the malign plutocracy of the Camarilla

‘Transit for the Masses: In 1884, the first tube of the
London Underground opens, and in 1890, the first
underground railway tunnel begins operation. As the age
progresses, so does underground transit. In Victorian
Goth
hattan in less than 15 minutes. Thisallowsthe gentleman

carefully chosen words
message by telegraph from

es of geos

n, for example, one may cross the island of Man-

businessman to commute home quickly from his place of
business, but it also enables the criminal element a

THE EMPIRE AFTER NIGHTFALL


means of entering the same neighborhood with equal
alacrity. And any who frequent these subterranean war-
rens at odd hours may be confronted with creat
employ it fora very different means: hunting for mortal
prey unobserved.

res who.

Civilized Transport

Although motorized vehicles do exist in the 1880s,
they are little more than mechanical diversions for the
wealthy. For Victorians, the primary mode of transports,
by horse, either as a mount for riding or as a beast of
burden to pull a wheeled wagon, carriage or similar
conveyan

Urbanites may be familiar with the ostentatious

"growler," a four-wheeled carriage large enough to iso-
late its passengers from the world outside their
conveyance. Some are large enough to easily be con-
verted for a vampire's use, once its owner adds dark
curtains, puts locks on the doors and, perhaps, adds a
compartment beneath the coach for storing a body or
two. Also known as a "Clarence," this type of carriage
can hold four passengers, while a fifth can request to ride
up front with the driver. Less reputable sorts may try to
perch on the back axle, remaining hidden from the
driver.

CHAPTER ONE

The hansom cab, sometimes referred tos the "gon
dola of London," isa smaller, two-wheeled cart. Though
typically intended for two passengers, three can sque
inside with a minimal amount of discomfort. The driver
rides on a high seat at the rear of the carriage, balancing
the passengers between himself and his horse. It's not
secure enough for a Kindred!s daytime travel, though, as
ithas half-doors on either side,
for luggage on the floor.

jth barely enough room

In the wealthier districts of London, one needs only
to stand on a curbside and wave diligently to attract a
passing driver. Cab drivers, known as "jarveys," typically
charge a mere shilling for a passenger or two to ride less
than two miles, with an additional sixpence for each
additional mile. For a modest fee, the driver can wait for
his passengers; this typically costs about sixpence for
each quarter hour.

For nightly excursions, the wealthy may travel in
style in a "victoria," an open vehicle with a collapsible
hood (for inclement weather). Up to ive passengers may
ride through the streets of London in this fashionable
carriage for about a pound a day. Fora slightly higher fee
(or an efficacious application of the Gifts of Caine), the
jarvey will remain oblivious to the conversations of a
coterie inside.


Resources for the Genre

While it shouldn't be too difficult for any aspiring Vietorian Age: Vampire player or
Storyteller to rattle off a number of genre examples, we'd be remiss if we didn't give you a place
to start

"The Vampyre" by John Polidori is probably the seminal work for this setting, Before this
story, Vampires were bloodsucking monsters, but with Polidori's short story, the vampire-as-a-
romantic-ereature was born.

Dracula by Bram Stoker

The Castle of Otranto by Horace Walpole

The Mysteries of Udolpho and The Italian by Anne Radcliffe

The Monk by Gregory Lewis

Melmoth the Wanderer by Charles Maturin.

The History of the Caliph Vathek by William Beckford

Camilla by Sheridan LeFanu

"The Vampite of Kaldenstein" by Frederick Cowles

The Picture of Dorian Grey and Lady Windermere's Fan by Oscar Wilde

From Hell by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell features Jack the Ripper, secret conspiracies
and Freemasons, and the movie has Heather Graham as the cleanest prostitute possessed of the
straightest teeth London has ever seen. Add a vampire and this is a graphic-novel Vampire
supplement.

The Unburied by Charles Palliser is reat because of its underplaying of the supernatural and
the convoluted murder-within-a-murder-within-a-murder plot that's set in an academic quest
The "subtle" supernatural (read the book! It moves very quickly) presence suggests very much
of how Victorian Kindred would conduct themselves ("Vampires? What a quaint notion!"),
while the plot is occlusive enough to give any elder an idea for hiding his schemes,

Great Expectations by Charles Dickens

Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte

Silas Mamer by George Eliot

Ie'ssetin America, but Edith Wharton's Age of Innocence. «representation of New
World interpretation of Old World custom during the Victorian era

The Alienist by Caleb Carr is American in setting but an excellent work of mood and setting
nonetheless.

The Waterworks by E.L. Doctorow is, again, in an American setting, but well worth there

THE EMPIRE AFTER NGRTEALL



Chapter Twor
ihe Glans

Tie. Bhlo Cain, J Bie Lis in
tas Cpethie nights, still carrias with it destonc.
charactoptstits bb such ire a pases on fe is
spon thasacl of orsat ity sep Cech bas ies
gh 7 ah des +e lig chee

past ‘Abate (ie wa oe Fwised-0ra

oe te Jos tocredé adhe

Guar

gpa F cuit bon ike tee ese inte storeatiphe,


The world of Victorian Age: Vampire is a bit different, however.
Rootedasitisin the Gothic literary tradition, this setting relies on certain
tropes of the genre to communicate its themes. If your cackling monk
dwelling in the old, crumbling abbey is something other than a fiend,
you've misled your audience — and not in a good way. If he's cackling
because he's been driven mad by the true evil lurking in that abbey, well,
then, you're on the right track.

Morality in Victorian Age: Vampire is far more black-and-white
than itis in Vampire's modern setting. The sects and even the clans are
more monolithic, more suited to being used as entities to illustrate a point
than merely as large social groups encompassing other smaller social
groups.

Don't view this as license to boil characters, clans and sects down to
one-note caricatures, however. You'll see in this chapter that we play to
some key archetypes, but that we try not to let them become the sole
definition of the clan. The independent clans, in particular, are presented
from the point of view of the Gothic tradition. While this may nor strike
you as exceptionally politically correct, that's not our intent. What we
want to do is provide a cogent, genre-honoring view of the vampire tale
By all means, keep those stories twisting and turning, like a catacomb
beneath a forgotten family's manse. Use the archetypes presented in this
chapter as a sort of "common ground," or an understanding of "what
everyone knows" about the clans. Thereafter, use them as you wish, but
don't break the archetypes too greatly, or they'll cease to have value as
archetype

Ie's probably strange to hear us saying things like this, after almost four

years of insistence that each vampire is an individual. That remains true,
however — you'll just need to develop those individual personalities so
that they serve the genre rather than turning it on its ear.


The Brujah have not yet fallen, though they
teeter on the edge if the words of their wariest
elders are to be believed. As a clan, the
Brujah seem to suffer from
cox, to use some of Dr. Freud's parlance, as,
some of them cling to a noble legacy of

themselves to degrade over time and b
grim reflection of the Victorian
greatest failings.

If one follows the history of the
Brujah — as reliable as such a thing
may be — one would find a wide
spectrum of Kindred. From the
philosopher-kings of antiquity to
therabble-rousers.
ing hooligans ofthe E:
Brujah seem united only in their
disparity

Such is not the case, however, as
the Brujah are perhaps closest to the
mortal world of all the race of Caine
with regard to their emotions. In many of
the undead, the spark of life
fades, ike a gaslight deprived of its fuel. In
the Bruj
their deathless hearts,

Brujah reputation asa"spirited" clan, to put

it diplomatically, or as reckless berserks, to
echo the disapproving members of vampiric
society

Overview

The Brujah have spread far and wide

yy
across Victorialsempire,andwhatevertheir PYM

ethnic or cultural origin, they are one of OMA
the clans most suited to "going native" at Ag
any given location. Likewise, Victorian 2
Brujah spread broadly across the so-

cial spectrum bur tend to con

at both ends of the spectrum. Among the elite,
;nuated, intellectual Brujah haunt the salons and
Elysiums of the Kindred. At the same time, the
streets are veritably wl with Rabble, from
Fagins and bruisers to pimps, smugglers and
second-story men.
Indeed, Clan Brujah tends to embody the
Dickensian and Victorian concepts of the
best of timesand the worst of timessimul
taneously. As the Brujah tend to

trum, so do their endeavors dovetail
neatly with the haves and the have
nots of mortal society. As their
passions swing widely across the
th find the

n era a veritable cornuco.
civil interest. Brajah number

n bombers, support
crs of Marx's philosophies, Darwin's
mpions, members of the Iron
hancellor'sranks, the Fabiansof Lon-
tators for the

same cause) and even the ons.
In the past, the Brujah claimed a
egacy of wisdom to temper their pas.
sion, taking up causes that echoed the
still-burning fires in their dead hearts
t, however, the Brujah sicken

with a malady of soul that may prove
theirdownfall ifthey are unable toheal
it quickly. Ic is almost as if the world
has changed too much for the Brujah,
perhaps even leaving them behind.
Tonight, elders weary under the
weight of centuries of fighting for
‘causes that advanced achingly

slowly, only to be

eclipsed in a few short

decades by the changes

THE CLANS


by

wroughtby the scions of the Victorianera. Young Brujah,
without the experience of centuries to balance their
ambitions, expect the ways of these tumultuous times to
carry the same weight in the eyes of the other Kindred.
That is, so accustomed are they to the quick and radical
changes of the era, they don't see how their penchant for
significant change immediately alienates them not only
from their own elders (whose ideas of "progressive" may
still include notions of despotism), but from the more
conservative members of other clans. The Brujah have
rapidly faded from idealistic agents of the new Kindred
order to marginalized neonates and vituperative elders.

Domain

Domain isacuri-
ousideaasitconcems
the Brujah. On the
one hand, the clan as
a whole is very terti-
torial, with members
laying claim to cer-
tain territories and
protecting them jeal-
ously from the very
thought of someone's
lack of respect for
their claim. On the
other hand, Brujah
are all too often so
disorganized as to be
unable to maintain a
claim to domain. For
this reason, few
Brujah princes exist,
and those who do
rarely seem to have
the same smoldering
regard for cause that their "less accomplished" clanmates
Geographically, Brujah tend to form pockets of
‘numerical strength, but this owes as much to the Brujah
habit of Embracing larger broods than other clans as it
does to any particular region being more suited to their
tastes than any other. Regions of Brujah strength include
Italy, parts of Great Britain (such as London and Wales)

and even some of the barbarous lands of Eastern Europe
(especially in the south, where they are assumed to have
settled after being driven from Rome by the Ventrue in
nights long past). Among the
presence is notably strong in Spain, second only to

bbbat, Brujah anttvibu

Lasombra dominance, and in Black Hand enclaves again
scattered about Italy

UAPTER THO

A phenomenon given rise in the Victorian era has
been a sort of "communal" claim to domain. In cities
where broods of Brujah roost or in less urban areas in
which Brujah gather or sire progeny, the concept of
domain occasionally applies to territories claimed by
factions or families of Rabble as opposed to any particular
Kindred herself. These domains can be truly terrifying to
outsiders caught unawares, as the claimant Kindred
pursue trespassers through their domain as wolves worry
their prey through a moonlit wood. This isespecially true
of mortals, who may find themselves harried by a coterie
of bloodthirsty monsters through the smokestacks and
flash houses of neighborhoods unfamiliar to them
Whether these
shared domains have
arisen out of some
modern stimulus
(certain

note a rise in the

scholars

habit since the pub-
the
Mani-

festo) orasa reaction

lication of
Communist

to the crowding of
Kindred in cities in
unprecedented num
bers, none can say
The Brujah them:
selves don't seem to
be forthcoming, and
those looking for an

pirical reason may
find
treading on hostile

themselves

rf
Brujah of higher
classes often look
down on these "deplorable packs," though many indulge
the habit themselves, albeit in a more genteel fashion.
These broods are not the hungry mongrels found amid
soot-stained streets, but rather like cliques, secret societ
ies or even aristocratic families. In these cases, Brujah
broods form in ancestral manses or attach themselves as,
guests for an extended time (through smooth talk or
bullying, usually) to a patron's estate
Such a cohabitation of Kindred is r
curiosity at be

arded as a
by other undead — and as unseemly at
gain, speculation runs rampant as to the cause

est that while prevailing Victorian ethics
regard privacy in the utmost, the ever-rebellious Brujah

worst.

gather in clutches to rebel against the cultural norm. The
Rabble themselves don't bother holding forth on the


issue — things are as they are, and there's no
reason to pick apart the Kindred's tastes.

The wise individual takes note that broods
aren't the only form of Brujah presence in the
Victorian era. In many places, especially among
the elders, a single Brujah is plenty, which is an
estimation these solitary Brujah often share. These
Rabble tend more toward the scholarly than the
iconoclastic, making the most of their curse of

undeath by studying some matter of personal

import or championing a cause with the stoic
grace of martyrs. These Kindred are often bitter,
lonely types, ill-suited to receiving company but
secretly thrilled by contact with anyone who
sharestheir interests orcan debate other topicsof
import. Indeed, these Brujah are somewhat simi-
lar to the hoary and introverted Tzimisce,
becoming "lords on the mountain" in Eastern
Europe or reclusive hermits in tamer locales.

Interests

The lot of Clan Brujah is as tumultuous in
the Victorian eraas it has been historically, as the
clan seems forever embroiled in some schismatic
issue oranother. As is typical, then, much of the
clan ignores that the issue isan issue, while other
members hotly contest the minutiae of the mat-
ter at hand. While such avior may seem a
comedy of errors to outside observers, savvy Kin:
dred know that itis not. Indeed, making light of
the issue isa way to earn any Brujah's enmity, for
who are others to second-guess the ve matters
ofthe most passionate among the Damned? And
few make fora more tenacious and deadly adver-
sary than a Brujah who feels slighted.

The current matter of concern for the Rabble
isthe clan's continued participation in the sect
Known as the Camarilla. Centuries ago, when
Kindred society needed to claw its way from the
depths of the Inquisition and the Burning Times,
the Camarilla served its purpose in mutual pro-
tection. Tonight, however, the grand council has
collapsed under its own weight. Elders of other
clans openly preach mistrust of the progressive

eat purpose, instead using it as
a smokescreen to throw others off the trail of
their own petty agendas.

Moderate factions espouse continued sup
portofthe Camarilla but on a formally objecting
basis. These Brujah think that the Camarillastill
has potential but that it needs to rein in the


nore abusive members. A radical element
jon, abandonment of the chancred Ivory
icipation in the so-called "inde-

dent clan" phenomenon. To these Brujah, the
Camarilla fails not only in practice, but in concept as
well; nothing is salvageable. Outside of these two main
camps, more extreme options sometimes find voice but
rarely with any real consideration or longevity. The
Sabbat, obviously, isasatanic nightmare, anda few more
marginal options aren't even worth the space spent on
discussing them.

excesses of it
proposes sect
Tower and informal

Aside from this overarching concern, few Brujah
have any matters that unite them across boundaries
either geographical or social. Most are content to pursue
their own affairs or pet causes, and these often occupy a
ificantamount ofthe Brujah'sfree time. From social,
political and military causes to enveloping themselves
completely in the shroud of the Jyhad, Brujah are very
often types to find an issue that inspires or enrages them

and then spend a considerable effort in dealing with it.

Crime and criminal aspects are often associated with
the Brujah — and not necessarily unreasonably. As
members of the undead, the Rabble are no strangers to
illegal activity, and some find that their supernatural
proclivities aid them immensely in other aspects of such
unlawful activities. Brujah number among gang bosses,
fences, smugglers, killers, thugs, pirates and all other
avenues of felonious enterprise

Brujah can also be eloquent firebrands, rousing Kin-
dred and kine alike to their own issue. Their natural kill
with the Discipline of Presence even allows them to
supernaturally apply their force of charisma to a gather-
ing. Infact, this isa common activity in which to find the
Brujah engaged, and again, their broad span of interests
gives them any numberof selections to make when rising
hallenge of opposing something or championing
something else. Whether extolling the virtue of czarist
government in Russia or decrying the inhumanities of
the Industrial Revolution, an able Brujah will have little
trouble convincing others of the righteousness of his
personal crusade.

tothe

These times you see before you? They are the stuff of
change. The world is different now, and the ways of aristo-
crats and tyranny are at their end. Oh, it's not ready to
happen yet — I'm not so foolish as to think myself the sole
catalyst for progress in the world tonight. But am one of the
catalysts, and when the Kindred world has enough of us
shaking at the ground floor of the Ivory Tower, it will have
no choice but to change to meet our needs or tumble down

at our feet.

— Piotr Sielanovitch, Brujah revolutionary

‘CHAPTER TWO


Don't feed here, Lick. This is my domain. In
fact, everything's my domain, so long as I'm faster
than you are.

Foolish Kindred dismiss the
Gangrel, taking them at face value
either as loyal lapdogs of the
Camarilla or as raging bar
£00 wild to be constrained by
society ofthe und
of course, lies so
the middle. The Ganj
wise enough to
the Camarilla has its place
but are not so devoted as to
allow its scheming Kindr
totake advantage of them
(usually...)

Whatever their alle
siance, all Kindred know that
a city's outlying barrens and
the environs just beyond belo
the Gangrel. Let the Ven
scheme in their petty "courts" and
the Toreador hide behind the man.
nered fopsofthe age —the Gangrel
understand that to be a Kindred is
tobe Damned fore
Pings of one age or another are just
so many sands passing through the

lass. Whether possessed of a
bestial air of majesty or the mien of a
skulking monster, the Gangrel rarely [ia
bother to delude themselves with the [J
Tigid behavioral baggage so prevalent
in this distin,

Camarilla, as their domains on the outlying bound-
aries of a city are the first would-be inv
breach. Additionally, the Animals possess 1
mendousfighting edges, should contact with
an outsider turn violent. For this reason,

at their own domains might well
nore threats were the Gangrel not
there to pur them down

Overview
The sobriquet "adventurer"
carries. great deal of derision with
it during the Victorian era —ad-
‘urers are rarely seen as the
\eroes of fiction or larger-than.
les. Rather, they are often

tors upon the unwary and drifters.
Such an archetype fits many Gangrel
prone towanderlustand

above taki

ing misery on the trail behind them. Still,
accusing the C rel of such things as
malice assumes more of them than is often
actually there. Gangrel don'toften seck to
use pain or thrill at the suffering of
others. They simply do what they mu:
vampires, to survive. While
ngrel may thrill at the «
] nost don't care because it never crosses
their minds
Asthey ever have been, the Gangtel are
largely aferal clan, typically having more in
common with animals (or
other, less natural denizens
of the wilds) than they do

THECLANS


‘6

with mortals. Something about the Gangrel Embrace
brings members of the clan close to the Beast that lurks
in all Kindred. Victorian Gangrel sometimes take roles
among the titled echelons of theie sects in order to offset
this — many become "scourges" of thei cities' outlying
regions in Camarilla domains or join the ranks of the
Sabbat's various apocalyptic knightly orders. A few also
become autarkis, choosing to make their own ways in the
night, any princes' wishes be damned.

Asitstands, the predominance of Gangrel belong to
the Camarilla, though clan interest, which has never
tended toward the political, has been on the wane for the
past few decades. The
Gangrel initially joined
the sect, if the oral his-
tory of the Kindred can
belent credence, with the
same purposes as any of
theotherclansinitsmem-
bership: safety in
numbers. Over the years,
though, the Gangrel have
seen the sect turn from a
protective organization
intoacliquish entity that
rewards only those who
have the luck to inherit
its good graces. The only
thing truly keeping most
Gangrel in the Camarilla
at all is apathy at this
point, though they still
think its original purpose
isa valuable one and ea-
gerly aid the sect when it
needs them.

Inthe Victorian era, Gangrel are divided not only by
geography, butalso by the paths they choose to take with
Especially in Eastern Europe, many Gangrel
forsake the trappings of mortal society altogether, be-

theirunliv

comingnigh unto beasts themselvesand claiming terrible
domains in lands far from mortal dwellings. This course
is a dangerous one, as those Eastern European hinter
lands often teem with agents of other vampires still
clutching to outdated notions of aristocracy, to say
nothing of the Lupines that consider the wilds their own
demesnes. Other Gangrel have sided with the forces
urbanizing the Empire, reasoning that the true predator
must follow the prey, and if the mortal world chooses to
ensconce itself in communities of brick and glass, who
are they to argue? These latter Gangrel frequently come
to resemble animals found in the streets and alleys of

‘CHAPTER THO

cities, from rats to mongrel dogs to jackdaws, felines and

more esoteric urban creatures in certain far-flung settle
ments

In the unlives of many Gangrel, the urge to settle

comes and goes, with certain members of the clan creat-

inghavensand staying there fora while before ultimately

moving on to wander the reaches of the world. Rare is the

Gangrel who remains in the same domain for the entirety

of her unlife— though itdoes happen, and woe be toany

whowould underestimateher,asshe has certainly learned

many secrets and cunning lessons over her many years.

Among those mostlikely to remain inone place are those

who acquire elder status

‘orsome other position of

esteem among local Kin.

dred. Although

Gangrel are loath to ad.

mitit, many doappreciate

positions they

the

earned. This is as much
out of practicality as any
thing else, though. After
all, ifthe undead already
recognize an Animal as
the preeminent vampire
of his ilk in a given do-
main, what's to gain by
goingsomewhereelseand
starting over?

Domain

The most common
form of Gangrel domain
is the hostile stretch of
territory on the outskirts
of town. As Gangrel
rarely care much for the political games of the other
Kindred, they often find themselves relegated tothe least
desirable domains, though this arrangement suits them
just fine. Let the other undead have their pomp and
regalia in town. All a Gangrel needs is a swath of land
populated by enough vessels to keep him vital

In the Victorian era, what with its many Kindred
being drawn to the cities and abandoning the less formal
domains that sustained them in earlier nights, territory
has become scarce. Gangrel domains occasionally over-
lap, and when they do, some primal relationship is sure
toemerge. This sometimes takes the form of one Gangrel
eaming recognition as an "alpha," preeminent among
the city's other Animals (and occasionally earning a

place as the clan's primogen, if they or the prince bother
with the title). At other

mes, vicious rivalries ensue,


with Gangrel literally at each other's throats in areas
where domain is scarce or the vessels within provide
for only a subsistence unlife. Certain callous Kindred
have even taken advantage of circumstances such as
these, conspiring to keep the Gangrel feuding with
each other rather than existing asa potential threat to
their own plans.

Of all the Kindred, the Gangrel number among
the most solitary, and pursuit of their own causes and
upkeep of their own domains give many Gangrel
purpose. In these Gothic nights, itis not uncommon
to find a Gangrel has claimed an enormous domain
and that he polices it with vigor. Especially in the
barbarous lands outside the Empire, this may be re
sponsible for dread stories of bloodthirsty monsters
prowling the wood. Entire communities have been
terrified by a single potent Cainite and shut their
doors against the threat the moment the sun falls
behind the horizon. Other Gangrel oppose the growth
of ities during the Victorian era and lurk just outside
theirenvirons, harryingaprince's ability toprotecthis
domain and causing other local Kindred significant

ural law never
ceased to exist, and the issue of domain is truly one of
hhunting rights that belong to the most able predator.

The Gangrel Embrace also dictates certain do-
main behavior at times. While most Animals Embrace

progeny and abandon them to survive on their own

rel have a more pronounced
pack instinct. While nota J to build broodsas
the Brujah, some Gangrel do Embrace a childe and
unt a domain with that childe. This behavior
ally common in the barbarous lands of Eastern
where domains are still broad enough and
vessels still properly terrified that such a thing can
occur, but certain very urbanized Animals in the
ealso taken to the practice. When Gangrel
ertake this sort of unlife, they often become
very territorial, visiting upon any unwelcome guests a
hostility usually reserved for the bitterest of enemies
— which such Gangrel consider trespassers to be.
Individual havens in these domains take many
forms, from pale echoes of the residences the Gangeel
maintained during their mortal lives to little more
than muddy holes, where exceptionally feral Animals
can bed down for the day and avoid the sun. Cavesand
caverns remain popular in undeveloped domains; ur
ban domains range from abandoned houses and
secluded factories to sewers shared with Nosferatu and
even artificially constructed dens built beneath docks
or on the underside of bridges


6

The presence of the Gangrel varies widely by region.

As bestial forces of nature and monsters of legend, they

prow! the "Land Beyond the Fore:

ind even among the Basque foothills of
a and Aquitaine. Without a doubt, Gangrel
story ties
ngrel may

iven the Gangrel penchant for
common refusal to participate in organized Kindred
activities, such a census would be impossible to take.

Interests
Asawhole, the 1 too dispa
common objectives. Where one Gangre! might pref

rolling plains and thick wood, another is equally
comfortable

More th

tonomyand goto whatever lengths they must toestablish

mid narrow alleys and tall townhomes.
anything else, most Gangrel pr

the sovereignty of their hunting grounds. While they
rarely do this to the exclusion of whatever sect has their
allegiance, ithas occurred in the past,
that theanarchsand autarkis both havea gr

of G:

divis suspected

ter number
igre! than vampires of any other clan.

Despite thisinclination for autonomy, many Gangrel

joy tying their f

Camarilla. Although true

tually to the success of the
espect comes their way only
grudgingly, many Gangrel make names for themselves
serving princes as hounds, scourges, sheriffs and other
enforcers of the Ivory Tower's will. This is rarely out of
any desire to see the sect's interests advanced
mentioned before, Gangrel tend toward the apoliti
and apathetic
comfort for themselves without a

the established powers that be. For some Ga
pragmatism, as they know their own disorganization
couldn'thope to stand up in the face of the Camarilla as
an institution. uupportof theC:
is simply the path of least resistance and offers the most

toga

but more out of a desire to earn some
the wrath of

orother Gangrel narilla

Itsthe laws of the wild, the survival of the fittest. But just
to Keep things interesting, I'll give you a head start
— Endymion, Gangrel andlla

‘CHAPTER TWO


The nights of the Victorian era represent
period for the mad Kindred of C

though too fractious as a cla

face of strength against other Kindred,
individual Mal
‘come into their own across the
andevensomewhatin the unta

beyond. The Malkavians themselves
rarely acknowledge the phenomenon,
either thrilling to their own new-found
influence or carrying on as inscrutably

ns have certainly

as they ever have with no seeming
understanding oftheir prominence.
Keen observers of the era
attribute the rise in Malkavian
influence to the fact that their
métiercorrespondstothe Zeit
geist of the Empire. The
Malkavians are the nexus
point of rationality
(though not sanity) and
mysticism. For every Lu-
naticEmbraced under the
enlightening glare of
Freud's new scienc
too, does a maraudin;
prophet lurk in the dark-
ness with an occult mien of
‘more superstitious times. In
the Victorian era, Malkavians
as iconic as the imperious
Ventrue or the anachronistic

Tsimisce — they populate the

crossroads of mysticism and sci-
entific thought.

Such bold statements, though, give
the Malkavians far more credit than

they deserve as a clan. The entirety of the bloodline
rarely acts in congress, and the heightened prestige the
Malkavians enjoy comes as a result of the ideals of the
time only when compared with the achievements of
the Malkavian in question. Indeed, Malkavian
esteem comes as an external com:
modity, the product of an era that
has just begun to see insanity as a
codifiable llnessratherthanacurse
ofdivine powers. Atthe same time,
such madness is "in vogue" among
the popular entertainments of
the time, what with Gothic
fiction exploiting insanity
and lurid tales of the
street suggesting less
than-healthy
criminals.

Overview
As ever, the
Malkavians of
the Victorianera
QE / remain fractious and mo-
tivated by their own
unknowable stimuli. In
¥ spite of this, however, the
Malkavianshave risen topo:
sition of heretofore unattainable
prominence. Little of this comes
a result of the Malkavians them:
selves — most members of
Z. the clan don't subscribe to
the same sets of cultural or
social mores that other clans
hold in regard and act largely in accor
dance to what their own fractured
minds deem appropriate. Rather,

THEGLANS:


ches the Malkavians with a new-
found fascination during the Victorian period. Just as
culturally subscribed to the idea that
insanity is more than mere aber the
morbid curiosity that many
vampires now watch the Lunatics. Perhaps Kindred
society simply misunderstood the Malkavians all along;
pethapsthe Lunatiesrepresent a—what was Mr. Darwin's
word? Evolutionary? — step in the direction of how the
Race of Caine interacts with the world.

Then again, perhaps the Malkavians are simply
twisted products of these turbulent times, and the mod-
ern"understanding" of themislittlemore than sympathy
for the Devil's own. The Victorian period has given rise
to more than a few horrific abominations. Phenomenon
such as Jack the Ripper lead the Kindred to believe that
any change can have significant consequences. Not all
change is for the best, for example, and the Malkavians
ly to present problems as they are to yield

Kindred society w:

mortal society hi
ion, s0, 100, h
Kindred, and it is wit

are just
insight.

The individual is the true measure of this mark —an
uncommon opinion to bear during the Victor
the Kindred have never been common.

Regardless of the truth of the matter (ifsuch exists),
other Kindred give the Malkavians a wide berth during
the period, interested in seeing what effect th

ra, but

vampires might have upon the world. Whispers of more
than a few nascent Malkavian politicos have circulated
through the Empire, citing influential elders of the clan,
capable archons and even princes. Indeed, Malka

seem to have a greater stake in the world than they have
at any point previously. They are luminaries of the
Camarilla, leaders of the Sabbat, patrons of the arts,
scholars of the arcane, finders of mysteries and keepers of
lore perhaps best left unknown. Malkavians lead coteries
with the blessings of the Ivory Tower, earning great
status by supporting the sect. They revel wildly in the
barbarous lands, jumping fires and enacting blasphe-
mous rights. During the Victorian era, it would

only limits to the Lunatics' potential are the depths of
their own depravities

Domain
‘A wide and varied lot, Malkavians remain typically
difficult to classify when it comes to the matter of
domain. While they tend tobe less feral than the Gangrel
and less wander-prone than the Ravnos,some Malkavians
prefer keeping domains relatively distant from other
Kindred. In certain cases, this comes as a result of simple
competition, as the Lunatic is less likely to have to
defend a domain far from the city's prestigious territories.
In other cases, the Malkavian becomes enamored of or
ied by some feature within the domain. The French
n Henri d'Invilliers, for example, has claimed
only the Phoenix Rookery as his domain, and he feeds
exclusively on the impoverished folk who dwell there
Given the epochal rise of Malkavian status during
the Victorian era, progressive princes have granted many
Lunatics their own territories by way of concessions,
appeasement or evel
many of the rising political stars of the clan. Often, thes
are lackluster domai
flated artificially in
the mere fact that recognized dom
Malkav
right.
Malkavian power waxes and wanes almost as ran
domly as the Lunatics' sanity. On any given night a
Malkavian may have vast influence in a region, or she
npotent. Even when a Malkavian
im right to significant domain, whether or not
she remembers it is another story
Malkavians who were once prominent in a given area
and have simply been lost to the mists of time run
rampant during the period and may have been the
sources of inspiration for many a Gothic tale of madness.

enticement to alliance, as with

ven a veneer of polish oF in
by a prince's entourage, but
in has come into

In possession is

Indeed, tales of

tain lands have traditionally been the domains
‘of Malkavians for as long as any Kindred can remembe

Malkavians always seem to come up when discussion
tums to Rome, even though the Nosferatu lay a more
reliable claim to thatcity, atleast in so farasany Kindred
can be said to have influence there. Perhaps this is a
lingering effect of the Malka:
during the era of the Roman Empire. Malkavians also

s' considerable power

Powers of the'Mind Made Manifest
Note thatthe Victorian era precedes the "grand prank" of the Malkavians that occurred in the late
20th century, For chronicles of Victorian Age: Vampire, Camarilla Malkavians possess the Disciplines
of Auspex, Dominate and Obfuscate, while Malkavian members of the Sabbat practice Auspex,

Dementation and Obfuscate.


enjoy significant power in the Benelux area, as well asin
occasional isolated pockets of Italy

Even in these areas of reputed strength, Malkavian
prominence varies by the efforts of the individual Luna-
tics themselves. Much as they often forget the areas of
their granted domains, they occasionally forget their
influence as well. Malkavians, while numerous in Lon-
donforexample, wield adisproportionately small amount
cof actual political clout, given that they are too fractious
and too concerned with their own agendas — whatever
those may be — to truly present an ed front

Some Malkavians possess ties to fallen aristocratic
families, eking out squalid unlives in dilapidated man-
sions or crumbling ancestral estates. Others steal away,
hiding themselves in religious communities, filthy dis
tricts of town, sequestered suburban areas and other
territories largely undesirable to most Kindred. Asisthe
case with most of the Lunatics' decisions, the choice of
their domains is as intensely personal as their madness.

mentioned above, more than ever, Malkavians

have plunged themselves into Kindred politics and,
where they find an in, even mortal politics. Kindred
thrilling to the fin de sigcle at the close of the 19th
century look to Malkavians as oracles of the end of the
world, giving the Lunatics an odd degree of status and
influence where before others considered them oddi-
tiesand suffering wretches. The Malkavians themselves
— at least those finding themselves embroiled in
politics — have jumped into it wholeheartedly
Fortunately (in the opinions of their detractors),
the clan remains too splintered to have any uni
versal Malkavian effect" thathasswayed Camarilla
policy one way or the other. While common,
Malkavian influence remains a localized, isolated
phenomenon. Individual Malkavians may wield un-
precedented power among councils of primogen, spe
with the prince's authority as seneschal, turn their keen
insights to the purpose of sheriff or even claim domains
as princes themselves.

Not every Malkavian partakes in the political pag
ceantry of their fellows, however. The slow growth of
orga health care" has its fair share of Malkavian
patrons as well, from alienists and patients of the various
asylums to night staff at sanatoriums to private doctors
on retainer to wealthy families. Flash houses and strong:
holds of the underworld equally appeal to Malkavians,
and more than few prominent criminal figureshave the
cursed blood of the insane in their veins.

Although Malkavians are often relegated to less
distinguished social strata, the strange egalitarian incli

ony
Va sayy},

9 ad


nations ex
hibited by
some Kindred
of the era
have allowed
for the Luna-
ticstotruly earn
the esteem of
their undead
peers. Even if they
eschew the high
politics of princes and
their entourages, some
Malkavianscultivate

amid the halls of mortal poli
tics. Whispers of mad
debased monks, fractur
sadistic doctors may all have Malkavians behind them or
at their core, assuming that they're not the products of
the laudanum-addled minds of the era's poets. Still,
Malkavian depravities can hardly be blamed for every
aspect — or even most aspects — of the Victorian era.
Although they are mad, most Malkavians understand
the value of discretion. Their ranks include the most avid
supporters of the Camarilla, from neonates to elders, and.
even their diseased minds know the importance of re-
maining hidden from the eyes of living men. For this,
reason, many of the Lunatics choose to uphold the Ivory
Tower even if they don't believe in the sects' larger
politics. These Malkavians may not possess any title in
the Camarilla, the
virtues of the sect, perhaps avoiding the mention of the

hey will vociferously espouse the

Ivory Tower
by name if
their per
sonal tastes
diverge from
The Vieto
constitutes a pe-
riod of significant
Malkavians tie them:
the
breakthroughs that occur
almostnightly. Thecha

gaslight to electricity +

selves to

from
have
falkavian's rant only a score of
years ago, while the advances in science and medicine
that take

been a

lace with alarming (to the staid Kindred, at
pt mighthave been sheerest delusion in

e journals. While they are rarely at
ont of such developments, the Lunatics thrill to
them, for they

mind's potent

present the ultimate realization of the

To wit, they are manifestations of the
mind made Malkavian wouldn't want to
bring forth the stuff of her fevered thoughts to visit upon,
the world, just to see what happens? From the most
chaotic maniac to the overly intellectual scholar, the
triumph of reason that characterizes the Victc
coupled with the bound

the ultimate in self-actualization for the Malkavians,

mysticism that colors it, is

Orly @ Little further - my home is just
around the Corner. t have Leudehnum; t have
absinthe. Ehave opium. We Cah pass the time
th splendid bliss until the reeor needs to
£224. Oh, doh't mihd what f Say; fm just
Carried evey by your beauty, your beauty
ahd my thirst.

- Frances Gibson Copplewhite, The Butcher
of Leicestershire

CHAPTER THO


While the expanses of the Queen's empire
might include some of the most glorious sights
ever to grace mortal eyes, they also harbor some.
ofthe mosthideousthingsevertoskulkaway *
from them. Beneath the streets, lurking
below the docks, hidden in shadows and
behind the soaring Gothic spires of {
churches scuttle the loathsome
Nosferatu. This is an era of haves
and have-nots, and the Sewer
Rats certainly embody the
plight of those latter. Re-
signed to their own filthy
domains and looked down
upon by practically every
other Kindred, the fate
ofthe Nosferatuis|a
thesame as thas been since
time immemorial.
Nosferatu have never
been Kindred to shy
from what destiny hasdealt
them, though, and the Vic
torian era finds them as hardy
‘as ever they have been. They
remain the unparalleled mas-
ters of hiding from eyes they
would prefer not see them,
and this ability allows them
toharvest information aswell,
veiled as they are from less
acutesenses. When one wants
information, oneconsults the
Sewer Rats — and everyone
knows it.
Less widely known, how-
ever, is the potential for
unbordered humanity that
some Nosferatu possess. It

physically also has a tendency to foster a sympathy
rarely found in others f the Kindred. Not that this
always the case —a trespasser pleading mercy in

scamper away unscathed may well find him.
Self the worse for the wear, ifnot meeting Final
Death itself.

Ove
The Nosferatu have plied their
rade for as
any Kindred can remember,
and the Victorian era certainly
doesn't change this oeuvre. In
fact, the technological progress
ofthe timeshasgiven the Sewer
Rats more and more opportu
nities to exchange their hoary
tidbitsof information. The tele-
raph makes communication
between Nosferatu warrensex-
tremely expedient, the railways
allow ues to

RM visit each other with less worry

during travels through the wil:
H derness, and the rampant
occultism of the time even al
lows those rare few Nosferatu
sorcerers to exchange wisdom
through more arcane means,
There's more to the
Nosferatu than simply spies,
however. Many of the icons of
the era, such as:
nd decrepit mansions, also play
host to the attentions of the
Nosferatu. What
theSewerRatslack
in beauty, they
make up for in versa.
tility, adapting to the

THE CLANS


oH

challenges and changes of the times with an almost un-
Kindred-like speed. While many of the undead remain
locked in the stasis of their Damned states, the Nosferatu
react swiftly to changes in the world around them. While
itmay suit the Ventrue and the Toreador to caper about,
thrilling to the long-lost legacies of their ancestors in
nights gone by, the Sewer Rats know that to be a part of
a world that moves inexorably forward, one must not
allow oneself to become an anachronism.

Masters of the animal world second only to the
Gangrel, Nosferatu typically exhibit command over the
cities
Nosferatu rarely style
themselvesasthe lords

creatures

of domains in the wild.
Rather, their bestial
minions number
among the vermin and
other repugnant spe-
cies of the
communities of mor
tals. While a Gangrel
might fashion himself
asa lord of the wolves,
a Nosferatu may pro-
claimherselfthe queen
of flies or the mistress
of rats; the difference
is often lost on Kin
dred of more dignified
means, but the distinc-
tion meansa great deal
to those who immerse
themselvesin thesqua
lor of the cities

While the Brujah

have passions and

causes, the Nosferatu tend to have interests, and the only
thing that distinguishes the two is the degree of emo-
tional investment the Kindred places in it. Nosferatu
favor hobbies, areas of study, schools of thought; their
purposes tend toward the practical and even the tempo:
ral or secular. To some degree, this reflects their nature
— they seek information, afterall, or perhapsan outward
vehicle that would allow them to avoid introspection.
Still, Nosferatu number among the wisest of the Kindred
(atk

revilement of them) in many cases and among the most

st, those who don't buy into the Victorian world's

knowledgeable in others.

(CHAPTER THO

Domain

Often left to fend for scraps, with metaphorical
tu take a
fic settings for
their
sobriquet belies some of their tastes in this concern, with

regard to the issue of domain, most Nosfe
twisted delight in choosing the most hor
domains and havens they can find. Naturally
many resigning themselves to havens beneath thestreets,
but by no means does every Sewer Rat make the muck of
the sanitation system his kingdom. Some choose far
flunglocalessuch as abandoned churchesor the forgotten
homes of vanished
families as their resi-
dences, the better to
isolate themselvesfrom
the scom of their Kin-
dred peers. Othersfavor
the filth and bustle of
the cities, nesting in
rookeries, amid red-
light districts, beneath
the docks of the ship.
ping lanes and within
those sections of town
best left undisturbed by
honest folk. Still oth-
ers abstract the
their
twisted bodies by with-

isolation of

drawing from the world
inothersenses, joining
thescholastie monks of
active monasteries ot
playingleper-patronto
rural nobles still at
tached to their titled
lands.
More
other clan, the Nosferatu adapt the nature of the solitary

than any
predator to the burgeoning world of cities. Whereas the
Brujah may form broods descended from a single sire,
entire warrens of Nosferatu have formed beneath the
streets of cities, composed of whatever wretched Sewer
Rats choose to abide there and don't rouse the ire oftheir
fellows too much. Perhaps misery loves company, or
perhaps Nosferatu mentality fosters an "us-versus-them"
outlook. Whatever the case, the Sewer Rats are the
Kindred most likely to be found cohabiting in a single
domain or observing certa
apply only to them.

"overlaps" of territory that


Nosferatu prominence, but the relative dearth of Sewer
Rat princes and other political luminaries implies that,
even in seats of Nosferatu power, that power stems from,
something outside the traditional channels of Camarilla
for example, is rumored to host a huge
Sewer Rats, perhaps enough to qualify asa
"kingdom," to use the Nosferatu's parlance, but the
strength of faith that conspies to keep vampires in their
place at such a holy city certainly sug
Nosferatu situation there is unique. Elsewhe
terrible Nosferatu make domains where they m
unchallenged as monsters in the night, while the mortals
around them move quietly for fear of rousing the Be
that walks among them. While domains such as this are
most frequent in the barbarous lands, regions of the
Empire somewhat removed from the larger intrigues of
s0 host such rustic horrors.
ed cities, one Nosferatu is almost always
ninent among his fellows. The dispar-
ity between Sewer Rats colors their relationships — the
eldest among them typically commands the most respect
n if the prince

preserve the sense of loose hierarchy the
almost incongruously observe), a scattered few ancillae
may vie for whatever cast-off influences re

and other Kindred over the meager scraps even the
ancillae can't be bothered with. Indeed, this may be the
cause of the nesting phenomenon among Nosferatu:
Why bother claiming one particular sewer for one's own
when the lot of the downtrodden can unite together (at
least to the eyes of others) and make their mutual claim

greater than the sum of its parts?

Interests

Nosferatu take their influences and their interests
where they can, which is often, resentfully, where other
Kindred allow them. Whi is not unheard of for a
Nosferatu to establish herself as a patron of the arts, a
fellow at a school (through proxies, of course) or an
advisor to an aristocrat, such are exceptions rather than
the rule, More often, Nosferatu find themselves resigned
to the ranks of the underworld or the masses of the
destitute. Nosferatu pimps and madams ply the harlots'
houses; Fagins send their scuttling urchins to rob from
fellow poor. Low-level crime bosses fence stolen goods
‘on the street or use their powers of obfuscation to sneak
into homes and museums to thieve items themselves.
Rare is the Nosferatu who overcomes the blight
inflicted on him by the Embrace. The Victorian world is

THE CLANS.


66

toocaught upin the value of appe:

seeming so fiendish as a Nosferatu might
not be the hellish horror it appears to be. In light ofthis,
the Sewer Rats tend to make a choice early on in their

\ce toeven consider
that somethin

unlives and color their post-Embrace personalities with
that choice thereafter.

Some Nosferatu take the Victorian mindset to heart,

est evils they so

cent. These Nosferatu are

flicting pain and misery for the vicarious thrill it gives

them and cackling whenever new fiendishness comes

their way. These Si
terrors of their ne:

ie horrors, in-

wer Rats are usually the bullies and
, victimizing even other Nosferatu
k of other targets presents itself. Thankfully,

these Nosferat

when al
rarely accumulate influence of any stand-
ing value or length and are soon undone by the weight of
their own wickedness. Ultimately, they destroy them-
or if they
nto the Beast soon after deciding to become
h malicious cre:

selves or force others to bring them down.
haven'efall
well, few of their fellow
out convincing other Kin-
dred that it's only a matter of time until they do and that
it's in everyone's best interests to get rid of them now.
Other Nosferatu slide toward the other end of the
spectrum. Among these Sewer Rats are those gentle

Nosferatu have any qualms a

hermits whouphold nigh-impossible codes of morality to
deny their bestial natures, the "noble

of course (for w! nt subsists on the blood of others?),
but the wisdom and strength of will these Nosferatu
demonstrate testifies to the frailty of Victorian judgment
wer Rats

value, but this

— at least with regard to character. These
likewise rarely for
is more out of a lack of contact than an apostate's desire

any influence of

to ruin the world so that it mirrors his own ugly visage

Most Nosferatu fall somewhere in between the ex-
tremes of the spectrum, occasionally succumbing to the
wiles of the Beast, but ge
the Man within himselfas well. Still, the world conspires

rally recognizing the value of

against them because of theiru their interests
tend to lie where the Nosfer
late the

festering underbelly of society, those who place them:

‘u may reasonably accumu-
—among the lower echelons of the police, the
selves above or beside temporal concerns (such as with
those who join monastic orders or throw themselves into
the study of sciences) or even outside the social model
arkis with the desire to lead their
‘own unlives as they see fit.

altogether, going au

The Diamond Jubilee? Don't be absurd. We don't see
diamonds down here, you bastards. We see the muck that
you don't want, the filth that you pour down your drains
and the runoff that you leave behind because you can't be
bothered to clean up after yourselves. You're wasteful,
proud and foolish, and you have the gall to look down your
noses at us? One night that will change... and until then,
we'll get back by whatever individual means we can.

— Des Coates, Parisian expatriate from the domain of

Francois Villon

CHAPTER TWO


The Cl

associated itself with we

and the outward trappings of afflue
then, that the
he nights of the

Victorian era. Whether attending an

aristocratic soiree or scheming

against their fellow Kindred, the

Degenerates likely enjoyed the

greatest comfort of any clan dur-

ing the period. As shepherds of

largely thanks to them.
In truth, the Toreador have

may have some ring of truth to it, the
Toreadorare simply the most adeptat
following mortal trends, though they
rarely found them, While Toreador
patronage may certainly lend cre-
dence to a fashion or cultural
movement, particularly in the case
of extremely influential Degener
nate with
As para-

, the Kindred merely follow
what they see, and the Toreador
are most capable at this. While
‘others among the undead watch
the shifting tides of the mortal
world, whether they admit it or
not, the Degenerates usually have
the most inputas to which mor-
tal patterns the Kindred will
follow.

In most cases, the Toreador draw attention to this

fact only when necessary — as vet ns of the Jyhad,
subtlety works in their favor — and though they may
preen and posture, this comes largely asa desi

facade of Kindred affairs understand the true power
the Toreador wield. The Degenerates can make
or break a vampire's social fate by casting her
behavior in an unfavorable light or by shift-

' ing the Kindred's acceptance of trends she
follows; ina society as tied to the approval of
as thar of the Victorian era, those who
\)\ can manipulate popular opinion possess far
\, (A, more influence than the unwise suspect

ly p8 Overview

As liaisons between the world of the
living and the world of the undead, the
Toreador truck with individual mortals
ingreater frequency than any other clan,
While other Kindred may associate with
the kine here and there, trafic with
mortals is the Toreador's stock in
trade. Theyassociate themselves with
groups and individuals; they watch
the course of mortal opinion and
tie themselves to it in order that
they may have "the will of the
world in our favor," according to
one esteemed member of the

clan.
The Toreador's close con.
ions to the mortal world
many Kindred todismiss
them as dilettantes and
sybarites, though thisis true

Se only with regard tothe most

THECLANS


effete Kindred of the clan. Indeed, the Toreador may be
themostadeptofKindreda
do they keep the whims of the living to their undead
hearts, and when one wants to be taken for something
other than a monster,

assing for mortal, so closely

ssing for mortal isa capital way

to do it. Though hiding one's true nature may prove
‘icularly among haughty
, the Toreador have become

and

distasteful to some Kindred,
undead and fervent Saba
of enacting their wills through influenc
ture rather than blood and fire.

Other vampires tend to form narrow stereotypes
with regard tothe Toreador
fo:
part, the Toreador simply nod and smile, knowing that

they ignore themasdandy
ools or debased bourgeoisie. For their
an underestimated foe is a Kindred with the upper hand.
Let Kindred vanity lead these other vampires astray —a
look at the history of the Damned brings the truth to
light and shows the strength of the Toreador both
individually and as a clan. The Camarilla itself arose
larg
of the most important cities in the world, Paris, belongs
to Clan Toreador. While the Ventrue may lead, their
duties would become tremendously more difficult with:

ly asa result of Toreador influence; the prince of one

out the support of the Degenerates: Power belongs to

those who can sway public opinion enough to support
their own desires

The Toreador practice of the Embrace varies be

andastrength. Many of the Degenerates

choose childer foolishly, Embracing mortals to whom

ly attracted. These dalli

ances rarely result in Kindred who make much of

they find themselves passion

themselves; passion is fleeting, and the turgid romances

so endemic to the Victorian era have given rise to many,
many poorly Embraced Tor.
Toreador passion also popu

sity not often seen among other clans. A Toreador may
fall (briefly) in love with someone he might not consider

Jor. On the other hand,
-s their ranks with a diver:

for Embrace and then bring that individual into the
world of the Kindred in spite of himself. Thus, what
might seem to be a passionate mistake instead broadens,
the horizons of both that Kindred and the Toreador as.a
whole. Certainly, the Toreador constitute one of the
‘most cosmopolitan clans, once the savvy observer learns,
to see past the carefully cultivated stereotypes of art
patrons and anachronistic aristocrats. This is not to say
that every Toreador childe comes about asa result of il
considered infatuation, but merely that it occurs enough
the eyebrows of certain observant Kindred. Some
relationships between childet

cades or even centuries

d sires flourish for de
hese are the stuff of Toreador

legend and Gothic veneration.

Domain

As one of the most powerful and prominent clans,
the Toreador have little shame in claiming the most
prestigious domains ofa city for their own. They vie with

another and the Ventrue (and the scattered handful
of other Kindred capable of "keeping up with" them) for
prime territories; one can determine a Toreador's esteem

by considering the size and importance of her domain.
For example, a qui

elder with numerous estates both

and outside a city as well as rights to a prince's
favored hunting grounds likely wields more influence

than a boisterous primogen whose own domain consists


of little more than the neighborhood in which he
keepshis primary haven. A word from the primogen
carries only the weight others afford it, while the
more prominent (if subtler) elder speaks with the
obvious benefit of successful experience.

Taken at more than face value, this concept
betrays how closely status ties to the concept of
domain for the Toreador. This often proves frustrat-
ing to neonates and challenged ancillae, whose
eldershave already snatched up what seems tobe
of the key domains for themselves. At this po
however, the noteworthy Toreador aptitude for
monitoring the mortal world comes into play —an
celdermay have lobbied forher private museum tobe
declared Elysium (and quite a coup that was, to be
fair!), but the neonate is more likely to hear the
"word on the street" about a new theater to which
mortal patrons have been flocking in droves. Ifthat
neonate can petition the prince to acknowled;
himashavingdomain there, the concomitantstatus
it enjoys among the mortals of the city translates
nicely into the accolades of the Damned, and that
neonate is well on his way toward establishing
himself.

Rare are the Toreador who share domains,

especially along the lines of the Embrace. In the /

opinions of most sires, once a childe has learned the
ways of the Damned, she is better off on her own —
lingering in the sire's domain only makes her a
burden (and, ostensibly, competition for already
limited resources), while striking out on her own
and making a name for herself reflects positively on
theesteem ofthe ire. Although only the bitterest or
most callous sire casts childer out without allowing
them to cotton to the customs of the Kindred, the
Degenerates typically favorencouraging their childer
to "fly on their own."

Toreador strength lies scattered across the Em-
pire, with several bastions of power eclipsing other
cities near them in greatness. Paris, for example —
towhom else could it belong other than the Torea-

rts of France also count among
the domainsof the Toreador, though none outshine
Paris itself. In Spain, where the influence of the
vicious Lasombra wanes, the Toreador wax. Italy,
to0, hosts several strong Toreador territories, which
themselves stand against the depredations of the
Sabbat. Edinburgh playsa Toreador counterpoint to
Ventrue London, and though England has histori-
cally surpassed Scotland's importance in the global
theater, few would argue the strength or importance
of that Toreador fief

y

THECLANS


Interests

Those outside the clan would call them selfish,
greedy or even avaricious, but the Toreador know je:

ousy when they hear it. Indeed, the Toreador observe
interests not unlike those of the
ment of their own positions is merely one of the perks of

mpire itself — hetter-

bringing culture and civilization to the rest of the world
and the Kindred within it
The Toreador play at politics virtually without peer
among any Kindred other than the Ventrue. Many
princes hail from this clan,
1d other offices of predominantly social impor-
. The Degenerates are among the most numerous
advocates of Elysium and often push for the expansion of
sites protected by that distinction. Only the smallest city
(or perhaps a city without a significant Toreador popu-
lation) claims no Toreador primogen, and some cities
host more tha

as do the vast majority of

none.
Outside of politics, society remains the lifes blood of
Clan Toreador, and Degenerates can be found at the
apex of every strata of society. From the nobles, ambas-
sadors, aristocrats and advisors at the top of society's
heap to the influential clergy, leaders of the burgeoning
middle class and respected specialists of the centerto the
crime bosses, con men and rabble-rousers of society's
dregs, Toreador move with ample grace to the forefront
of their classes. In this, they play a dangerous game, for
they must cultivate enough influence to compete against
their fellows in matters of clan status and Kindred-wide
Jyhad while simultaneously keeping their vampiric na
tures hidden from those whose company they keep.
Although by no mean g characteristic of
the clan, many Toreador — even a majority, perhaps —
have some influence in the arts. In most cases, this
influence comes asa result of the Degenerates' dabbling
in social trends, but in many cases, the individual Torea

a defin

dor practicessome art of his own. More so than in any era
past (asso many Toreador prior to the Victorian era were
more artisans than artists), with the possible exception of
the Renaissance, the Gothic period allows the lingering
sparks of c
coinciden:

ivity to flicker in Toreador hearts. It is no
e that such Toreador participation in the
firsthand creation of art (in whatever form, poetry ltera-
ture, graphic art or whathave you) rises during the period
that encourages it.

Innosmall part, Toreador interest mimics the social
y given time. Many among the
Degenerates find fascination in the new directions of
medicine and psychology,
charlatans have been debunked or propped up by Torea-
dor with something to gain from their fall or success.
Although many of the Degenerates find mortal politics
to be either boring or distracting (as who has time for

trends of mortals at

\d more than a few occult

mortal polities when the Damned play at them so much
more adeptly), few would argue that the politicians
themselves wield significant influence and that bringing
that influence to bear for or
value. Along the same lines, some Tor

's own purposes has its
ador work with
social movements and institutions, such as the Fabians
(and their Sabbat counterpart among the Toreador
antitribu), the Church, Marxist cells forming in Germany
and the supporters of evolutionary theory, rather than
individuals key to those movements. Instead of bringing
one of the movement's leaders under their sway, these
Toreador become respected figures in those organiza-
they have a
propensity for becoming Kindred very visible to the
wrong types of attention) and pull their strings, at least
on local levels. Again, as the Toreador are perhaps of all
Kindred the best at following mortal trends, so, to0, do
they recognize the importance of remaining out of the
sight of the wrong people.

tions (though rarely leaders themselve:

Slendevand opulencearenclhingwitkeul these histecation le
offrecalelhem compel lege grealerconfoll. With encigh com
fob, cnecanfferherenenicssomed. ut, giving lem agilded leash,

Mal binds them with cney

yea" om


Who would have guessed, over eight centuries
ago, thar the Witches would survive their tumultu-
us transition into the world of the Damned
and stave offthe hostilities of clans millennia
their berters, only to rise to a position of
prominence by the late 19th century
and excel, unequalled, as practitio-
ners of their on unique brand of
undead power? The road for
the Tremere has been long
and hard, but by focusing 7
themselves in a manner
the other damnable
Kindred have been
unable to do since
theirBiblical (pah!)
inception, the
Tremere have cast
any doubts as to
their ability
aside.

The
Victorian
era seems

iG

custom:
tailored

toward the pur-

poses of the

Tremere. With its

enthusiasm forthe

occult — even to

the extent of rec-

ognizing secret

societies dedicated to

such purposes — and the

interest ofthe laity in sorcerous secrets,

the Witches enjoy a breadth of motion
previously unheardof across the Empire and

beyond. While before, the Inquisition sup
pressed participation in the occult under pain of

excommunication or death, the secular modern
culture restricts the degree to which it allows the
Inquisition tooperate, which, in turn, relaxes the
grip placed on the Tremere and allows them
ever more freedom. Even those individuals
with spiritual interests don't necessarily tithe
them to Rome any longer, and hand in
hand with thisnewfound spiritual mys
ticism goes even more latitude to the

Tremere.
As a result, a sort of hubris
has overcome the Witches
One would think, to hear a
few of their number talk,
that they aren't vam:

pires at all any longer,

but have fi
reached the chrysa
lis toward
"immortality" they dis.
covered and that
originally dragged
them intodamna-
tion. Indeed
Clan Tremere
presents a very
sociable face to
the world during
the Victorian
era but not
through any
doing of their
own. Itisthislast

thatso many of them

fail to realize — their cur

rent prominence rests not on
the careful reinvention of self prac
ticed by the Toreador or on the
reliance on conservatism of the

Ventrue. Rather, the exaltation the
bok Tremere currently experience relies

THECLANS


n

on little more than coincidence. Is it any wonder, then,
that at the close of the Victorian era, with all its occult
sympathies, that the Tremere will find themselves
marginalized once again? The true question, however, is
what will the Witches have gleaned from the experi-

Overview

The métier of the Tremere has always been one of
self-conceptualization, the understanding of which as a
result of the birth of psychology aligns with the meteoric
rise of the clan during the period. The Tremere have
always perceived themselves as sorcerers first and Kin.
dred second — a
fact that may be
largely to blame for
the mistrust other
Kindred place
them. Now, how-
ever, the
sympathies of the
world give them
this latitude, and as
temporal

few

Tremere see the re

their

power rises,

sentment their

philosophy has en-

gendered in others
Race of
Caine. Even those

of the

who do recognize it
dismiss it, waving it
off as the jealousy
oflesser mysticcrea:
tures

Hauteur, then,
characterizes the Tremere in the Victorian era as much
astheir magic does. True, the practice of magic has made
them valuable allies, finally cementing their status as
one of the new hegemony of political clans (the other
two being the Toreador and Ventrue, a least among the
Camarilla). Those allies, though, will be quick to turn
their knives to the Tremere's backs once sentiment for
the occult wanes. Whether or not the Tremere under-
stand thistemainsin doubs, as they revel in theirnewfound
prominence with all the grace one might expect of
insular, asocial, bookish types unknowingly cast into the
light of popular favor.

This is not to say the Tremere are boorish, Rather,
with theirhaughtiness comes wariness, and the Witches'
unbear-

pragmatic natures keep them from becomin;

‘CHAPTER TWO

able. As such, many have taken to the polities of the
night with renewed fervor, hoping to extend for as long
aspossible what they believe to be a temporary situation.
Alliances of the clans, support of local princes, exchang
ic for boons —all of these have become the

n Tremere

ingblood ma
modus operandi of
Old habits prove remarkably resilient, however, and
the more experienced members of the clan have demon
strated a marked resistance to embrace the glory the age
affords them. To these annuated Kindred, this mortal
dalliance with the occult shall pass, and by never indulg
ing themselves in the excesses it permits them, they will
never find themselves pining for splendors lost. While
this hasn't devel
oped into a
full-formed schism
within the clan
(and within a 20-
year period, how
could it have, to
creaturesfor whom
a year passes in a
moment), it does
castthe outlooks of
elders and neo
nates into stark
contrast
The Tremere
Embrace remains
as rigorousas ithas
with
sires choosing po:

tential childer
based upon what
degree of utility
they might bring
the clan. In most
cases, this translates as skill in the art of sorcery or
academic capacity, but in other cases, the clan needs a
few silver-tongued diplomats and socialites to allow
them to maximize the potential afforded to them by the
cultural Zeitgeist. Thus, it isnot uncommon these nights
to find a Tremere Embraced from the ranks of old-guard
nobility ora well-connected merchant family —or even
forthe Tremere to Embrace a smuggler skilled in turning
up forgotten artifacts and sneaking them past dubious
authorities

Domain
Most Kindred would be surprised to learn that the

Tremere have always had territories that would seem to
outstrip theit relatively few numbers. However, many of


civ inds and the hoary expanses of the Sabbat's
barbarous wilds. As a bulwark against the dreaded
Trimisce, the Tremere erected a chantry in the
Transylvanian Alps centuries ago, though its name
remains known to only a few tonight and its fa
cludes even most of them. Other witch-houses, by
their very nature, had to be secluded and protected
from the fires of the Inquisition and lie in similar
mountain expansesor deep in the reaches of swamps,
woods or even in the catacombs beneath cities. Even
the headquarters of the clan itself, in Vienna, lies
perilously close to Sabbat territory

The Tremere of Durham have formed a pote:
political entity, as have those London Tremer
lowed to gain status in the area during the previous
torpor of that city's Prince Mithras. The Treme'
also have numerous domains in the Germany and
Austria, with somewhat less prevalence in the west-
em portions of Eastern Europe unclaimed by the
Sword of Caine and in Italy.

Truly, Tremere chantries lie in almost every
‘major population center of the Empire and beyond,
some with only one member, but all of them duly
devoted (insofar as a vampire's allegiances ever are)
tothe clan's pyramidal structure. Interests have even
followed the British colonizations of Indiaand points
further East, as well as into the more accessible
regions of Africa

For the most part, Tremere have never been
Kindred who pursued individual domains, preferring
to establish hunting grounds so that their members
might hunt with greater ease and thereby return to
their pursuit of th ts, Exceptions occur, of
course, but rare is the domain-claiming Tremere
who won't extend some degree of hospitality to a
clanmate truly in need. It bears mention, however,
that bitter rivalries do develop between Tremere,
and a swom foe of a given Tremere should probably
expect no succor, even if one can claim ties of clan
orevensire. Usually, logisticsdictate thatthe Tremere
spend less time dealing with the nightly functions of
their unlives, and the good of the clan comes before

the right of the individual Tremere. In practice, of

course, this might vary

Interests

s one might expect, the majority of most
Tremere's unlives revolve around study or service to
one's elders. Even those unskilled in the
thaumaturgical arts typically work with a

who makes it er raison d'étre, whether as gatherers


of ritual components, as
sional) to other Kindred oF as a

aisons (political and profes-

nts and enforcers

rian era, lies predominantly in the are
though connections with such organi:

Tremere influ
a predictable depth.
e their contacts
. the amount of
d the number of contacts

newly influential Tremere have ma
only recently through secret societis
favors they can call upon 2
few notewor-

eloped nontraditional influences

such as the cabal of Witches who garner
ast India Company, the

s still don't have the worldly power wielded by
true or the Toreador or even well-pl

bers of other

mem-
lans.

Thediscussion of Tremeredomain mentions "nightly
functions" of Kindred unlit
upon the Tremere than many of them readily

hich alsobear more heavily
mit
While they ee themselves as sorcerers first and vampires,

ter is quite the opposite.
Tremere muststll feed upon living blood to survive; they
still fear the sun, and fire scorches them as vicious
does other Kindred. Many candidates for the Ti
hierarchy have difficulty reconciling these (un)natural
facts with their artificial social structure, and humanizas
wanes quickly for power-hungry Tremere during the
Victorian era. In response, many Tremere find them-
selves working as functionaries of a prince's entourage,

second, the truth of the

asit
mere

both forthe political powerityieldsand to prove thatthe
frustratingly climbing number of "bad seed" Witches lost
to the Beast shouldn't reflect poorly on the
whole. Indeed, asheriff,scourge orhound gifted with the
abilities of blood magic is nothing at which to scoff.

an as a

The clan continues to exploit traditional avenues of

Tremere influei ts members see little
in abandoning time-tested ways in favor of their
newfound prominence. Ofth ins popu-
lar and takes several forms. Tremere tutors occasionally
find work in the households of wealthy patrons (who
may even allow them an "a

, of course,
val
ademia

istant"), schooling mortal

children in letters and the humanitiesas cover for their
study
among neglected monasteri
hand-made reproductions of books too delicate, rare or
dangerous for mass consumption by presses. Others still
mong local schools and universi-
ties, where the eccentti
indulged for the sake of his sagacity.

Naturally, many Tremere are most at home
surrounded by the trappings f the occult, and the secret
societies of the day allow them the opportunity to do just
that and expand their base of power at the
From the formalized rituals of the Freemasons and the
Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn to the arcane
bookseller or cornershop fortuneteller, the public's hun-
ger for mys
with kine that would have heretofore been verboten or

taken to

more esoteri ome Tremere cloister themselves

., whose monks still toil on.

establish themselves
es of a gifted scholar are

me time.

| knowledge allows the Witches contact

teaching a few quack rituals
ic tricks to the idle rich and morbidly

curious in exchange for favors or cash

The mysteries that lie buried within the world are not new,
apprentice. Why do you think they have been buried? Simply
because the people of the era embrace them now rather than
condemn them does not change their nature. It és a halcyon
time for us: a time when we may use our sorceries at will
without having to fear the fires of the witch-hunters. Well.
without having to fear them too much. Men still hate what

they don't understand.

—Powarr ‘bainbridge. Tremere Primogen of London


In many ways, the Ventrue are the
Empire itself, both in reference to the
Camarilla and to the expanse of territory
claimed by Queen Victoria herself. Vener

able, distinguished, powerful, influential,

ubiquitous —flawed, conservative, imperial-
istic and built upon the toil of those
whom their system fails to benefit.

The Victorian era represents a pe-
riod of transition for the Ventrue. For
the Nobles, that sobriquet signifies
change as well. Gone are the nights of
the absolute king in his castle, but
time has not yet made an unequivo-
cal master of the businessman. As
such, their nickname means two
things: It harkens to the time when
royal families shaped the destinies of
the world, but it also applies to the
burden of leadership they have shoul-
dered for the sake of all other Kindred.

The Ventrue's ranks have had to
increasingly diversify, lest they "evolve"
themselves out of the Kindred picture,
to use the vernacular of the night's hot
issues. To be sure, Ventrue still number
among the aristocratic families and ger
erals of the age (or rather, advisors to
generals and other officers to whom cu-
tious hours would bea notable concern),
but now, they also include the mer-
chant, the academician, the colonial
ambassador and the socialite. In the in-

ingly modern world, the masseshave

the true voice, with feudalism having fallen by the
wayside and more democratic visions of leader:

ship having raised their heads.

This particular notion causes bittersweet

mirth among the most august elders of the clan,

who remember the nights of the Roman republic

and the height of democracy. These modern no-

re but a pale echo of that, and the fall of a

nobility that fails to consider the true origins of the
Ventrueas aclan of leadership makes them shake

their heads,

Overview

mpire goes, so go the

‘or so says the opening line of a

treatise delivered by a Malkavian orator
atarecentconvocation of the Inner Coun-
cil. What Victoria's agents are to the kine,
the Ventrue are to the Kindred, arbitra
tors of disputes and enforcers of order
The Ventrue are far more than function.
aries, however, as they have given
themselves completely to the cause that
is the Camarilla. Let the other clans

mock — they don't understand the true

price of nobility. Even under the feudal

model, the lords owed their vassals cer

tain responsibilities, and so, too, do the

Ventrue take their role of leadership as

seriously as they take the duties they

|

‘owe their fellow Kindred. Rafael de

Corazon may have been the Toreador

who waxed poetic about the Camarilla

and convinced other Kindred to flock

toitsbanner, but the author of the idea

itself was Hardestadt, none other than
a Ventrue himself

Not all Ventrue are as noble as

their double-entendre of a sobriquet

hopes, however. Many are connivers

and schemers, heirs to sire's

fear \egacy that they claimby right

of lineage and generation

THECLANS.


exhibiting
only greed and an outdated sense of entitlement.

These embody the worst aspects of the cla

Other Ventrue champion the successes of the sect or
{ orrationally
indred. With-
the Kindred would turn in upon them

theclan, standing stron

discussing the grievances of other feud

out orde' elves
and the whole of the Race of Caine would suffer —
anarchy and cynicism brought about the Anarch Revolt
and the Inquisition, after all, and the role of a clan of
leadership is, well, to lead the Kindred away from their
own self-destructive

Most Ventrue fall somewhere in between these two
poles of idealism, with most sadly tending toward the
avarice and abuse of powerof which they find themselves
so often accused. Of this, though, what can be said? It is
a decadent time, rife with pleasures and comforts, and
what good does it do the Kindred asa whole fo
not toclaim his due of benefits? Who was ever helped by
someone else going without?

entrue

Ventrue make grand shows of their Embraces. This

doesn't necessarily mean the act itself involves undue
pompand circumstance but, rather, that much ceremony
goes into the observation of the event. Many Ventrue
practice an almost Classical instruction period by which
their fle

lineages, observe the Embrace dates of exalte

learn of Kindred culture. They recite
and honor ancient customs of hospitality that surely
inconvenience the host more than they aid the guest
Ventrue unlife constitutes a world of duality: sacrifice
with benefits, gain at great cost, noblesse oblige in a den
of opulence

And they wouldn't have it any other way

Domain

Wherever a Ventrue claims his domain, the wise
Kindred considers what this means before he refutes it or
laughs.

‘CHAPTER TWO

As the Nobles place such g
duties as leaders, a Ventrue's domain is not merely the
territory in which hisisthe final word. Rather,aV
domain carries with it the weight of recognition. Thats,

sat emphasis on their
ntrue
if another Ventrue visits the domain and finds it sorely
lacking, not only will the domain claimant become the
objectofridiculeamongother Nobles, he will have failed
in his cause. Certainly, some Ventrue undertake the
cause with more sobriety than others, but Ventrue blood
is proud blood, and rare is the Noble who weleomes the
derision of his peers. For this reason, Ventrue eschew
ing territories unless nothing
en then, the Kindred likely
takes every step possible to cultivate that domain into

squalid domains and stru
else is available — and
something worthy of his presence

Features in Ventrue domains unsurprisingly tend
coward the prominent or the prestigious,. Governmental
ly fall under these au: as do financial
hy neighborhoods. While cultural and

artistic districts usually fulfill these criteria, Ventrue

districts usua

regions and we:

typically leave them to the Toreador, bei
interested in the
than the less tan
dutiful Ventrue occasionally claim troubled domains, in

ottom line of a domain's prc
ble favor of patronage. Particularly

that they might right the problems there (or influence
them to be righted, at least), thereby fulfillin;

dutiesas leaders and, coincidentally, earning the concur-
rent accolades. Recently, Ventrue have adapted the
concept of domain to include sectors of the kine in
addition to

claims the police as his domain, while

ons of a city. In London, one Ventrue
the city of
Amsterdam, the docks fall under one Kindred'
while the actual dockworkers come under the bailiwick
of another.
Broods and lineages of Ventrue sometimes grow out

's domain, but they survive or


these cases, the sire extends the benefits (and respon-
sibilities...) ofthedomain tohischilder. Thissituation
can be comforta e, by in, it does nothing for
the childe, since, until she does something for herself,
she's merely riding the coattails of her progenitor.

es sometimes bequeath portions of theirdomains to

their childer, but this occurs only rarely, as it both.

perpetuates nepotism and shrinks the domain of the
sires. More often, a sire might leave an undead form of
awill, by which his childer might distribute portions
of his domain among themselves after his passing
(God forbid). Needless to say, these are often hotly
contested affairs, with one party inevitably feeling
that she's received the short end of the deal and using
hook or crook to better her own position.

Areas of Ventrue dominance often overlap with

ins of the Empire's strength. London springs im-
mediately to mind, as do the regions of France not
infested with the Toreador or the Sabbat. Parts of

n include Ventrue domains, but far fewer than
have Brujah, Toreadorand Lasombra claimants. Cen-
tral Europe has traditionally belonged to the Ventrue
since before the nights of the Holy Roman Empire and
conceivably as far back as the outward push of the
previous Roman Empire. Portions of Italy are Ventrue
domain, as are the occasional Eastern European do-
main held against the rampaging Sabbat, the territorial
Gangrel and Nosferatu of the region and the skulking
Tremere. The remnants of a faction known as the
Eastern Lords manage to retain claims of domain in
isolated areas scattered throughout the western por-
tionsof Eastern Europe (anda fewhave even extended
their influence into the traditionally Teimisce territo
ries even more eastward), though these domains tend
tobesmalland, by Ventru atleast, humble

Interests

If it makes them money, the Ventrue are inter
ested. Mercenary, but true. The Ventrue don't bother
being modest — it takes resources to lead. Where the
distinction between the Victorian era and other times
‘occurs is in the nature of those interests, however
Whereasonce the Ventrue could attach themselves to
the nobility (or claim nobility themselves) and draw
from aristocratic coffers, those nights have all but
waned. Tonight, commercial business threatens t0
supplant the Ventrue's "old economy." Banking, in-
vestments, shipping, merchant trade and old-fashioned
imperialism contribute to many Ventrue assets.

Naturally, politics also remain at the heart of
Ventrue interests. Statistically speaking, the Ventrue
likely have more princes among their number than


any other clan —and the argument might be made that
they have more princes s combined.
Their tough natures and diligent personalities also make
many Ventrue fine candidates for the sheriff's duties and
the scourge's responsibilities (though many Ventrue
considerthe title ofhound beneath them). Indeed, much
as the children of feudal-era noble families who didn't
stand to inherit lands often joined the Church, many
Ventrue without the opportunity to claim significant
dor

than all other

for themselves instead earn status and

serving the Camarilla in other ca

number of Ventrue number among the primoge

many cities with Ventrue princes 2 Ventrue
primogen, a clever tactic which princes and Ventrue
sympathizers use to sway the general consensus of that
body in their favor. Even the informal position of harpy
sees occasional influence at the hands of the Ventrue,
who focus less on the social aspect of the position and
instead turn the title into one of a moral or ethical

Some Ventrue model themselves after the knights of
joining the Camarilla's body of agents
instead of claiming a domain or haven in a single city.
Like the archons, these Nobles carry a degree of influ

the feudal ex

ence, though this esteem originates with the strength of
the Camarilla as opposed to any solitary achievement on
the part of the Ventrue het these Kindred
may actually becom h them-
selves to the body of Kindred who aid them. If nothing
else, they ss the eyes and ¢:
necessary, confessors or confidants — of archons and

serve rs — and, if
even justicars

Young Ventrue frequently find themselves at a loss
forpurpose, particularly
The elders holdall the
what the elders h

the close of the Victorian era
ime domains, the ancillae claim
-s toa powerful
princely patron—whar'sa neonate todo? Many of these
Kindred end up joining coteries, which their sires see as
necessary evil, allowing them to "calm down" out of
their adolescence before finding their true calling
member of the Clan of Kingship. Often, these young
Ventrue serve as the voice of the times, bringing ne
opportunities to elder Kindred who can't as re
ed pa
phenomenon sees its share of duty-bound young)
with some wholly turning their acumen overto th:
inexchange fora share of the profit, while others pretend
to be aiding their elders when really they plot against
them and keep the gains for their own.

n't or tie themsel

up with the hun of moder unlife. Even this

Ah, the Queen has reigned for almost eight decades! How
ute the mortals are, with their trifling conceptions of time.
— Klara Jurgensblut,Ventrue conspirator


To many, the Lasombra are nightmare given form, a
black scourge upon the worlds of Cainites and kine
alike. The clan possesses a twisted nobility, though it /<

upholds a strange chivalry if that is indeed the case
True, the Lasombra cause pain and inflict terror,
butit is refined pain andasavory terror, not the
coarse axe of a headsman or the hysterical butch-
ery of a Whitechapel murderer. The Lasombra
prefer to hurt their rivals by striking at the
ones they hold dear.

Crafty inthe extreme, the Lasombra are
the metaphorical spiders inviting the fly to
tea in the parlor. The best advice to con-
sider when meeting a Lasombra
to trast one, for these vampires never
haveanyone'sinterests bttheirowna
heart. The only problem with that ad-
vices following it — the Keepers spe:
with such sincerity that they don't even.
need to rely on theit Cainite powers to
bring a listener around to their point of view

AsleadersftheSabbatonecoulddolitle
more foolish than give short shrift to the mem
bersofthisclan. Bruallyefficent,theLasombra_fif

enemy is to outlive

let their passions boil and their hostilities fes- V/
ter. While the Ventrue might suggest that the ff
yi/

him, the Lasombra espouse that revenge isa AWM

dish best served cold.

Overview

The movements of the Lasombr:
veal a queer composite of the overt and the
subtle. For a Keeper, foiling a rival isn't
enough — he must be destroyed. At the
ame time, if anyone tually the
Lasombra destroy that rival, well, the Lasombra
will have failed because no one will trust her or
underestimate her in the future. Popular o

Uy Mm

aarding the Lasombra can be confusing. Some
consider them master manipulators, while others

consider them overzealous tyrants. If asked, the
11) Lasombra would probably prefer the latter, even

TSR though they are truly the former — but if

everyone knows them to be manipulators,
how good can they possibly be!
1 initial look at the Lasombra leads one to
believe that they have aristocratic origins
Whether this rings true or not depends upon
the individual Lasombra,and many favor the
advice of Machiavelli, believing that fear is
better motivator than love. In this, certain
ainites see the Lasomibra asa grim reflec
tion of the Ventrue — an opinion with
striking resonance, given that the
Lasombra do not cast reflections them:
selves.

In the Victorian era, the Lasombra
still remain entrenched in the institutions
that have served them so well over the
past centuries, the aristocracy and
the Church. Of course, they face
the same problem as the
Ventrue, in that the aristoc
racynotonlyshrinksnightly,
it also wields progressively

less power, as mortal tr
move the world away from feudalism. The
Church remains powerful, butitspoweris
alsoon the wane, what with Christianity
being langely a middle-class faith at this
time and even asignificant proportion of
BP those individuals being largely secular or
interested in an alternative spirituality
Nowisatime of tests forthe Lasombra.
7. Mitheycontinuetoindulgetheirwan-
$* conwickedness they willcalldowna
righteous wrath with the potential

THECLANS


remove them from the world forever. At the same time,
+h night,
and they must come up with a viable alternative if they are
toremain relevant to Victoria's world and what comesafter

their old ways become increasingly outdated

Domain

Members of Clan Lasombra choose their domains care-
fully asthey favorterrtoriesthatexhibittheirrefined tastesand
flair for the ostentatious, but they also require that the
wickedness they indulge in while present nothave them dug

up during the day and staked for the sun by a righteous
Inquisition. Assuch, they favorneighborhoodsin declineoron.
the rise, churches where they can commit their evils while
convincingtheflock thatitisGod'swillorhavenssowithdrawn
fromtherestoftheworldthattheymight literally leaveadrained
veselon theparlorfloorforaweekandnoonewouldbataneye.

Indeed, haven is a greater concem for the Lasombra
than domain, as few Keepers want to bother with all of the
petty details (such as dealing with mortals) concomitant to

maintaining a do-

Inthismatter,
Lasombra

favor
sgrandiosemansions,
well-kept estates,
Classical structures
in which they may
juxtapose the beauty
of the setting with
the ugliness of their
work on earth or
houses of God, t0
remind the Creator
that He put them here for a purpose.

Influence is a different matter, of course, and de-
scribed below, but itis unwise to associate the Lasombra
ambivalence toward domain with an inability to exert
power ina given area. Lasombra strength runs as deep as
any Ventrue's in his chosen domain, though those do
mainsare fewerand further between, mostly owing to the
fact that the Ventrue likely outnumber the Lasombra.

Lasombra rarely sire broods, and if an area serves as
domain to many Lasombra residents, they probably come
Much of the Lasombra sense of
accomplishment inspires fledglings to leave the nest as
early as possible and make their own way in the world.
True, prestigious childer do contribute positively to a

from different sires.

sire's own reputation, but only in the case of a sire with
a genuine reluctance to part with his progeny do consan
guineous lines linger in one place

Centers of Lasombra power include much of Spain,
with Madrid and Toledo in particular shining as jewels in

CHAPTER TWO

theclan'ssymboliccrown. Italy also plays host comore than
itsfairshare of Lasombra, and where the Sabbatholdssway,
Lasombra may outnumber their fellow clans in that sect by
asmany as two toone, Tzimisce included. Minor Lasombra
along the Eastern European border, but these
exist more as anomalies than as true representations of
ge. Of late, the Lasombra have tumed their
ngland, reasoning that, having been able to

domains exis

Lasombra ra
eyes toward
lay low their own progenitor, they could easily do so with
London's Methuselah prince. Still, hey are notso foolish as
to face Mithras in a frontal assault — rather, they slowly
secrete their clanmates within the English fiefs in hopes of
slowly building an presence there, so that one night the
Methuselah might rise to find himself surrounded the

hungry fangs of zealous Keepers.

Interests

‘What the Lasombra lack in true nobility, hey make up
for in commitment. Many Lasombra pledge fealty to elders
of their clan or to scions of the Sabbat. Purpose drives the

majority of the clan,

and if they have dif

ficulty finding

purpose for them-

selves, they rally to

cone whom they see

as their superior

Lasombra culture

makes much of this

mentorrelationship,

id when a

Lasombra leaves his

sire'stutelage,hemay

act as a "squire" to another Lasombra — some are even
assigned to mentors by their own sires

‘As few Lasombra prefer to keep their childer about
them (perhaps out of mistrust'), they occasionally send
their get to serve as emissaries to other Lasombra do-
mains or Sabbat cities. Of course, no one is fooled by this
— Victorian diplomacy is no stranger to the concept of
spies —but the Lasombra go about itll with great shows
of nobility and even concer for other Cainites. A
Keeper's childe can serve as an advisor or a confidant
providing another Cainite with an outlook she may not
have considered for herself. All the while, of course, the
childe sends letters or telegrams back to his sire explain-
ing the local interests in this company's ships or that
Cainite's diamond mines.

Lasombra also find great purpose in the Sabbat, and their
positionsas leaders ofthat sect allow them to occasionally tum
theentirety ofthe Sword f Caine to theirown purposes Onan
individual level, what Lasombra wouldn't want a legion of


fanatical soldiers ready to face the Final Death inordertodohis
bidding, so long as he makes his biking seem like th
‘good of the sect? Vendetta translates easily to "strikin
powerful Camarilla elders," laying. rival low quickly becomes
oting out tratorsto the sect," and removing aprince whose
interests in the same venture present an obstacle to one'sown
ambitions goes so much smoothly when described as "liberat
acity from the domineering presence of the Ivory Tower."
Many Lasombra rise to great heights in the Sabbat, acquiring
ttlessuchasbishop, archbishop and cardinal. Fewaspire tothe
ranksof the prisci (whose power isn'tsoformal.as the Lasombra
prefer) or the priests (as the Keepers serve the cause so much,
more admirably as ducti of the packs), though many join the
paladinsand templarsand attach themselvestothe entourages,
of other powerful Cainites.

‘Aswithmany Sabbat,the Lasombrahavedeveloped their
own code of morality. The Path of Night owes much to the
Judeo-Christian outlook, though it venerates many opposite
principles. Some Keepers tum to this Path in hopesof running

ntstoitknow thatitisjustasdifficult
toupholdthePath'stenetsasitistofollowGod!'s Word. Indeed,
thetwoare one inthesame,for,accordingtothePathofNight'
creators, God made vampires in order to commitevil upon the
world, tocommit wickednessin ordertoshow mortals what ay
in wait for them if their own souls inclined them toward evil.
This isue remains a significant bone of contention among
Lasombra. Less rigorous followers of the Path seem content to
commit "evil" for its own sake, le: andom atrocit

observers of the Path, these
the world than the Camarilla because they have no purpose at
all other than to gratify their own perverted urges tov

mayhem. The tre believersseem tohave facts on theirside

the less observant followers of the Path tend to fall to the Beast
rather quickly, sorecklesslydothey throw themselvesintotheir
malevolent ways. Anyone can be destructive, argue the faith:
ful;whatsdiffcultistodoitand meant. allittakesiswildness
tobea vampire, then the Inquisition was right, and vampires

areascourge that must be eliminated. And the Inquisition was
not right

YOU DO NOT KNOW THE DEPTHS TO WHICH A
AINITE CAN SINK BEFORE FINDING THE ESSENCE
OF WHAT SHE TRULY IS. WE COME FROM M@HT, /
TURNED AWAY BY THE VERY @OD WHO CREATED. /
Us.IASK YOU, IF YOU BELIEVE THAT @ODHAD
PLANNED FORUS TODO SOMETHING OTHER
THAN THE EVIL OF WHICH WE ARE @A-
PABLE, WHY WOULD HE HAVE eAsr us \
OUT INSTEAD OF SIMPLY DESTROVING US? \ &
THAT'S NOT INTENDED TO BE A HAUNTING
QUESTION. IT'S A CALL TO ACTION.

— PABLO ORTIZ, PALADIN OF THE SABBAT


THM

(Ofall the clans whose members prowl the
nights of the Victorian era, none so perfectly
embody the popular, Romantic myth of

the vampire asthe Tzimisce—atleaston

thesurface. AsGothic literature becomes
more and more widespread, so, too,
does the legend of the Eastern Euro
pean count, immortalized in

Bram Stoker's 1897 treatment of

the Kindred whose act of grand
defiance shakes the undead
world its foundation, Dracula

In truth, however, the
Teimisce are hardly the re-
fined nobles doomed to a
tragic unlife of unrequited
desire, though they can be
Beneath the suave fagade of
the "gentleman. vampir
Clan Teimisce rots and fe
ters. Blighted by alienation,
isolated from the world by the
barbarism of their native de
mesnesand reviledasmonsters
by those who witness th
nightly affairs the Tzimisce are
an exercise in utmost cunning
and utmost wickedness.

For the Tzimisce, these are
nights of nadir, the last epoch
during which the Fiend on the
Mountain could cow the peas-
ants living beneath his castle
with impunity. In the nigl
come, the Tzimisce withd
more into themselves, pursuing
blasphemous faiths and almost fu-
tilely warping their bodies in an
attempt to shock an ever-more-
jaded world. Tonight, however,

CHATTER TWO

during the reign of Victoria and at the height of the
British Empire, it is truly a time of revelry for the

the end of that time draws closer with each

Passing sunset

Ove
When one thinks of the barbarous
lands, places untouched by Victorian
progress and largely unchanged since
the feudal brutality of the Dark Ages,
one cannot help but think of East
SS ern Europe, even in this
WSS enlightened time. The
SSS. "lands beyond the for-
| Transylvania, b
all of the "unci
lized" world
where peasantsstill
toil and lords still rule. The
Tzimisce fit very well into this
P igiom, for they are the ruling lords,
the domineering masters who make
and blood-drain
ing) demands of their subjects.
Many Tzimisce hail from aristo-
cratic backgrounds note the
avoidance of the word "noble."
While it is not outside the capacity
of the Teimisce to be noble, few seem
to exhibit even the desire, existing
instead to do whatever their will dic
tates, for they are children of the very
earth where they were born. Not all
Teimisce come from royal families,
however, and the Fiends have al
‘most as much of a tendency
to Embrace out of pas-


sion as do the Toreador. Those passions differ greatly,
however, as the Tzimisce may choose a loyal manservant
ran exceptionally ugly child, while the Toreador chooses
a mortal paramour or an individual with an artistic gift
Forall their attachment to aristocracy, however, few
Fiends really care about rernance. What they truly
want is little more than what they want at any given
moment (though only afool underestimates the "
bility to put centuries-long schemes in place or to bear
for even la than that). As such, many
Fiends in positions of authority delegate their govern-
mental responsibilities to viziers or local leaders... many
of whom they subject to blood oaths or even more
mystical rites of fealty
The Fiends also practice their flesh-warping powers
of Vicissitude with aplomb, using it to "beautify" them-
selves or others, to punish those who have earned their
displeasure, to test the limits of mortal, animal or vampiric
endurance or to conduct experiments that defy the
understanding of anyone but themselves. Visitors to a
Trimisce's domain might shudder to think that the
hairless albino peering in their window isnot the same as
the identical hairless albino who greeted them at the
train station — and that neither is the same as the
hairless albino who welcomes them to the Fiend's sanc-
tum. But the Tzimisce do so well at causing shudders.

Domain

The idea of domain lies very close to the hearts of the
Teimisce, even if those hearts no longer beat. Part of this
principle stems from the fact that the Fiends must rest in
their native soil by day. Removing a Tzimisce from the
ability to spend her slumber in the earthen humors to
which she was born makes her irritable to say the least,
and the condition of her demeanor is probably the least
troublesome aspect anyone who encounters her will
have to deal with. The most sig
Trimisce attachment to domain, however, is the fact
that the Fiends have populated their lands since even

icant factor of the

before the Ventrue attached themselves to Rome or the
Brujah to fabled Carthage. Quite simply, the lands the
zimisce call home are theits, and many Fiends go so far
as to claim that they are a part of the land i
indigenous a portion of that part of the world as the trees

that grow there or the wolves that prowl the countryside.

Teimisce laying claim to a domain spare little effort
inmaking the landa reflection of their presence. Insome

ses, this manifests outwardly, with the sorcerous mem-
bers of the clan literally reshaping rock to bear their
visages or calling upon streams to reroute themselves
according to the Fiends' will. Such sorceries have long


been on the wane, however, and most Tzimisce rely on
artificial methods to mark the domain as their own,
Given that most Tsimisce domains lie in the barbarous
lands, progressive Western governmental philosophies
have yet to have any impact on those regions: Some
Teimisce are still literally the feudal masters of their
lands. As such, the Fiends maintain cadres of guards,
cultivate networks of
peasantries ag

nts and even turn local
nother for the purposes of keep-
ing in their lord's good graces.
avoid his poor graces. Many T:
this, having a close, per-

inst one a
or, more accurately, to
nisce go beyond eve

sonal entourage
composed of hellish cre-
ations the likes of which
nature never intended.
Rabid beasts, fleshcrafted
monstrosities, twisted ghouls:
known as szlachta and the
attendant members of
noble or revenant
families heed the
beck and call of the
Fiends, serving to
report to them or
bring their will to
places where they
cannot physically
be. Wicked broods
of Tsimisce even
develop in this man
ner, with the master
Fiend of the domain (or
afavored childe) spawning
some sort of blighted love for
one of the residents of the
area and bringing her into
the night

Childer in these situ-
ations don't take long to
rankle under their sires' watchful eyes. The Fiends' blood
callsout to the land, and many childer petition their sires
forthe right to go and claim their own domains —a right
many sires grant, having grown sick of the very sight of
their get before long and wondering why they bothered
to Embrace them in the first place. Broods that have

lingered too long in one domain or in one Fiend's

household almost invariably become dens of vipers, each

childe scheming against the rest (and whatever other
horrid monstrosity has eared the head Fiend's dotage
for the night) in a desperate attempt to leave without

inviting retribution from a resentful sire.

‘CHAPTER TWO

2imisce domains lie almost exclusively in the swath
of land that constitutes Eastern Europe, just past the

domains of the eastern Ventrue and Tremere
» Rom:

eastern expanses of C

Transylvan , certain
many, Austria-Hungary
parts of traditionally Turkic lands belong othe Tzimisce.
An apprec
their fortunes in the New World, where domain tends to.
befleeting, butfora while, at least, the Fiendsare masters,

leven

ble amount of Tzimisce have also sought

Interests

As mentioned in
the discussion of do:
most T

main, misce

pursue the acquisition of
their own territories with
vigor. Ifthiscannotbe done
or if their sires refuse it,
they may rebel out of
frustration, schem-
ing against the
Cainites who
made them vam-
pires to begin
with. Such trucu
lence seems
common in any
domain where
more than one
Tsimisce shares a
haven with others.

To that

Tzimisce are often the

end,

equivalents of princes in
their domains, though

they often use the Sabbat

term bishop (or arch-

bishop) todescribe what

they do, if they bother

with something other than the term voivode. It is not
uncommon foravoivode orbishop to haveseveral Cainites,
dwelling in the domain she claims as her own, even
extending into the lands beyond the city or the villag
proper. Unless they haveactivedealings with the Sabbat,
however, Tzimisce politics usually end at the local level.
Not every Tzimisce needs toachieve lordship over a
dwindl
Many

cause and, indeed, torment those Tzimisce who pay only

ig fief to achieve the clan's esteem, however.
nisce leap wholeheartedly into the Sabbat

lip service to the sect. Others become attendants to the


diplomats to other Cainites or domains or

ns of the domain's borders. A Tzimisce is

equally as likely — more so, in fact — to have more
concerns in the city than in the lord's castle. The Fiends
who cling to eldritch thrones are simply more recogniz-
able than the Tzimisce who slink thro

night

the streets at
and this serves them well.

For those who do participate in Sabbat activities,
the Tzimisce have partaken ofa wide variety ofthe sect's
offerings, from developing several of the ritae practiced
in the sect to serving as spiritual leaders known as pack
priests. Bishops, archbishops, prisci
less universal titles observed by the sect haveall counted
the Fiends am
a Teimisce's potential in the sect are her ambition.

ardinals and even

their number, and the only limits to.

Many Tzimisce believe that something exists be
yond the vampiric condition, much as they believe the
Cainite condition surpasses the mortal state. These
Fiends pursue (or at least study) a philosophy know

Transcendence or Metamorphosis, and many conduct
bizarre rituals and experiments to learn exactly what lies
beyond and how to achieve it. In the case of a Tzimisce
hosting visitors from Western lands, the guests might
perceive this as a form of the occultism so prevalent in
their own lands. Were they to learn the truth, it would
likely horrify them
thumping séances

as these are no parlor tricks or table

these are the desires of alien minds

seeking to put all chat is human and compassionate

behind them and to embrace the unknowable horror
that lies beyond. The Path of Metamorphosis (see Vam-
pire: The Masquerade, pp. 292-293) works as a model
for the moral code upheld by these

THE CLANS


The Independent Clans

Do the Ventrwe really enjoy the company of the Nosferatu? Do the Lasombra
have any true affinity for the Tzimisce? None of your precious "allies" can stand
you farther than they can throw you. Camarilla. Sabbat. All either of you has
‘accomplished as a sect is acquire new enemies on the other side. I can make
enemies of my oun, thank you. P've no need of yours
a Reese Davenport, Follower of Set
For centuries, the' illa and the Sabbat have warred over the fate
ofthe Kindred and the direction of undead society. Countless quantities of
blood — Kindred and kine — have soaked into the ground; thousands of
mortal and undead lives have been snuffed out like candles. All for the
greater glory of one organization or another that has hardly existed for any
significant time at all, as the Kindred measure such things.
of both factions would have the Damned believe that the
of the children of Caine is inextricably

The independent clans scoff at such notions.
Unwilling to bend knee to either the Ivory Tower or the Sword of
aine, these four clansremember the nights before the rise of the Camarilla,
called organization of the anarchs. They refuse to labor under
s Traditions or to bathe themselves in the blood shed by the
lack in political clout they more than make up for in
strength of will, for these clans stand alone in the face of the mighty sects,
, they do not yield
im they would not have them anyway. The
Assamites are kin-killers, cannibals. The Followers of Set are corrupters,
liars, pagan worshipers ofa dark god. The Giovanni are incestuous spe
with the dead, tainted by unclean practices. The Ravnos are just v
thieves. None are to be trusted.
The independent clans shrug their shoulders almost in unison. Unin-
ested in sect affiliations to begin with, they allow the Camarilla and the
ibbat their petty conceits.
Neutrality has no real meaning in the machinations of the Kindred,
however, and the independent clans, forall theirclaimsto the contrary
no more escape the Jyhad than they can ignore the rising sun. The
simply too big — and offer too much to their allies, no matter how
temporary — to avoid completely. The Assamites kill Kindred of one sect
in exchange for payment in blood and bons from the other. The Followers
t readily aid the Camarilla against the Sabbat (or, less frequently, vice
a); the rewards offered are great indeed in the eyes of so mercenary a

clan, but their greatest incentive is simply the knowledge that the war

weakens the rivals of their fearsome god. The Giovanni, though forced to
submit to a pact of neutrality, spy and smuggle for any warriors in the Jyhad
who can meet their price. Even the Ravnos, shunned by all, occasionally
serve as eyes and eats for wealthy princes and archbishops.
Independent does not, afterall, mean uninvolved.
The independent clans succeed admirably in presenting a cohesive
front, a mask of cooperation and kinship that far outstrips most clans of the
amarilla or the Sabbat. No clan of Kindred is truly a unified entity — the
selfish, overly ambitious and deceptive nature of the Damned makes any


such unity impractical at best — but the face the inde-
pendents show the world is not wholly false. With so
many potential enemies aligned against them and with
few allies of their own upon whom they might call, the
independent clans must indeed stand more tightly to-

ther than their counterparts in the great sects. This
hardly makes them single-minded entities, marching in
lockstep, though. Anyone who believes that Assamite
nst Assamite, that Giovanni does
not compete with Giovanni, is deluded. They are, how
ever, capable of drawing together in the face of adversity
in ways that few other clans can match.

does not schem

Through the nights of Queen Victoria's reign, the
independent clans are viewed with a creeping suspicion
that has, if anything, grown stronger in recent y
With the expansion of the British Empire in particular,
mortal attitudes toward "outsiders" and "savages" have
shifted, and the Kindred, as always, follow suit. The
refusal of the independent clans to conform, to join their
confederates, to be "civilized," has driven a cultural
wedge into the already gaping divide between them and
the Camarilla. Ultimately, these clans could hardly care
less what the Camarilla thinks of them, but their elders
are wise enough to know that they cannot afford to
ienate the Ivory Tower (or, in less refined lands, the

Sabbat) unnecessarily. Thus, in these nights, indepen-

dent cooperation with the sects has actually increased by
small but important margin, despite the suspicion with
which they are viewed
It is also worth noting that the independent clans
have, on average, a greater proportion of their elders tll
awake and active in Kindred affairs than do most of the
sect-aligned clans. The Assamites are led by the "Old
Man of the Mountain," a frighteningly powerful Cainite
of great age. Some Followers of Set attend religious rites
led by childer and grandchilder of Set himself. The
Giovanni, ifrumor is tobe believed, stilltake their orders,
directly from Augustus Giovanni himself. Even the
Ravnos still see several of their most ancient brethren,
active in the conflicts that rage across the Indian subcon
tinent. Further, three of these clans (Ravnos being the
lone exception) claim a much closer relationship with
their Antediluvian founder than is the norm.
Irmay, of course, be sheer coincidence, that itis the
independent clans that have such close ties with their
eldest — or it may be something more. It may be that, in
nights to come, the independents' distance from the
vampiric sects will prove nota weakness, but a curtain of
deception behind which they hide their greatest strength.
In the great game of the Jyhad, it may prove to be those
undistracted by petty sect squabbles who make the final

THECLANS


ASSAMITE

To the Kindred of the Victorian era, the Assamites

igures of scorn, condescension

—and trembling, blood-sweating Oy

ror. They are inscrutable
Saracens, unprincipled savages
with aspirationsto honor, un-
civilized barbarians from the
blazing lands of the East.
The "enlightened"
vampires of
view the Assamites
in much the same
way the coloni
British view the
wilder natives of
their colonies in
India and Africa.

hey have been
conquered once al.
ready," the Kindred sa
"We can surely do so

so they pose us no real thre

the same, you might not want to go
wanderingalonejustnow...." The
Kindred use the Assamites

where they can,avoid them
where they cannotand, in
essence, despair of ever
properly civil

Eastern barbarians.

The Assamites,
who laugh behind
theirsleeveseven as
they take blood and
coin from one enemy
in payment for slaugh-
tering another, wouldn't
have it any other way.

Overview
Toall

clan of A

any who can pay their price in coin,

boon and, primarily, the blood of

those who would hire them. They

ne, they kill, and they vanish
into the night, leaving nothin

hind but the ashes of their prey

em to have no purpose, no

e beyond moving from tar

totarget. The Assamites

think of themselves as

leopards, but to the

rest of the Kindred

world they are no

less serpents

than the

J Sexires; useful

when striking in

the right direction

but all too likely to

turn their fangsupon

those who handle

them. They slay out of

some religious obligation, adher-

ing to a bloodthirsty faith that no

non-Assamite Kindred can under:

stand, Nordo thenervous vampires

of Europe and the New World

entirely understand why the

Assamites take payment in

blood, for the curse leveled

upon that clan by the

Tremere at the Treaty of

Tyre prevents them from

consuming Kindred vitaeas

they once did.

Yet despite their fear
some reputation and their
refusal to firmly supportone

sect over the other, Assamites
are frequently found in cities held by the


new contract or serving as a paid bodyguard or advisor to
another Kindred, an Assamite moving through the ranks
of the Kindred is not necessarily cause for panic —
though many vampires who encounter one of the East-
cem assassins choose to panic anyway, just in cas

Strangely, in some select circles in Camarilla cities,
the Assamites are tolerated and, indeed, almost wel-
comed as they have never been before. A strange
on for them grows within the British and West
em European clans, particularly among the younger
Kindred. The Assamites are the alien, the exotic —
even, in the eyes of those who have truly adopted the
attitudes of the kine, the "noble savages" of the Kindred
world. In some territories of the British Empire, the
acquisition of an Assamite bodyguard or advisor has
become more than a matter of sound tactics. It isa status,
symbol, asign that the vampire in question isdetermined
tounderstand and, of course, "civilize" the barbarian, no
matter how frightening he may be.

The Assamites merely raise an eyebrow and con-
tinue as they have always done. If anything, this
phenomenon simply allows them greater opportunity to
pursue their own agendas, and more than one Assamite
has feigned interest in a European's "education" in order
to become proximate to a gullible target

fase

For their own part, no matter how often they might
appear in the territories of the Camarilla or the Sabbat,
the Assamites forsake both sects equally and would be
quite content to see both thrown down and destroyed.
The Saracens may work with other, inferior clans in the
fulfillment of a contract or the execution of duty

they rarely develop lasting attachments of relations
outside their own ranks. They chafe under a Tremere
blood curse, and itgalls many Assamites that they can no
longer war openly against the other clans. They yearn for
the nights of yore, when they could feast at will upon the
vitae of the Kindred; diablerie and the strengthening of
one's blood seem to be a religious requirement for the
Assamites (one that Kindred philosophers are quick to
point out is actually at odds with the Islamic faith many
of the assassins have adopted).

In their efforts to throw off their shackles, the
Assamites have managed to hide their greatest strength
from the Camarilla and the Sabbat alike. The Assamites
boast a startling number of blood sorcerers, hidden be-
hind ranks of soldiers and assassins. In these nights when
science and mysticism clash and intertwine as never
before, these sorcerers travel into the world beyond the
Middle East, seeking waysboth mystical and mundane to
shatter the Tremere ritual.

I is not an easy task. They must hide from the eyes

of the Western Kindred, and as a result, these sorcerers

invariably pass themselves off as either "normal"
Assamites or else as members of another bloodline en
tirely. Should the Camarilla (and especially the Tremere)
leam of these Assamite sorcerers, they would surely
interfere with their research. Nor
‘on support rom theirown brethren; many ofthe Assamite
warriors have bought into their own deception, dismiss-
ing out of hand any of their own clan who are not also
Kindred of the sword.

an the sorcerers count

The Blood Curse

Assamitesofthe Victorian era, as mentioned above,
still labor under the Tremere blood curse. As such,
Assamite characters suffer from the clan weakness
described in the "In Nights Past" sidebar on page 91 of
the Vampire: The Masquerade core rulebook, rather
than the blood addiction normally assigned to the clan.

No clan is so limited in its affairs as the Assamites
would appear, of course. Although the assassins are the
public face of the Assamites and their sorcerers spear-
head the clan's single greatest effort, the Assamites are
individuals with their own interests and ambitions. Par
ticularly in the Holy Land, but throughout the rest of the
world as well, Assamites insinuate themselves into mor-
tal affairs, pulling strings and ruining lives. They are, at
their core, no less parasites than any of the other vam-
pires, but few are willing to acknowledge the point, for
their own superiority isa conceit that they are unwilling
to abandon.

Domain

Pethaps unsurprisingly, the Assamites have little

‘eal" power throughout most of the European conti-
nent. They frequent Camarillaand Sabbat cities, yes, but
always as guests or contracted
dred, no matter how determined they may be to civilize
the "heathen" Assamite, are prepared to allow them any
true authority

nts; few Western Ki

Exceptions to the rule have occurred, of course. At
least one small town within the English countryside i
home to an Assamite who, if rumor is to be believed,
charges a toll in blood to all Kindred who pass through
his domain. Further, several of the smaller towns in
Eastern Europe and Ru:
Assamites who have settled in to the region and "gone
native," as it were. These Assamites find themselves
constantly besieged by the selachta and other hideous
creations of their Tzim hbors; such "pocket en-
claves" seem unlikely to last very long in the face of such,
determined opposition.

are said to be dominated by

THECLANS


The Ottoman Empire isa far more important excep-
tion to the rule than these tiny domains. Although
Istanbul and most of the major cities of the empire boast
Camarilla princes, little doubt lingers in anyone's mind
thar itis the Assamite clan that holds the largest degree
of influence within that empire. Between its connec
tions with the Royal Family and its contacts within the
mercantile and religious portions of Ottoman society,
precious little of the empire falls outside the conceivable
Assamite sphere of influence

The vast majority of Arabia and the Holy Land is
Assamite domain as well. This is, after all, the clan's,
homeland,
region. Dominant isnot, however, thesameasunchal-
lenged. The Followers of Set, striking from their
home in Egypr, make frequent attempts to steal
influence, territory and important
mortal from the
Assamites of Arabia. Torea
dor, Ventrue, Nosferatu
and a handful of Lasombra
all call the Middle East
home, and none have any

nd no other clan holds as much sway in the

contacts

compunetionsaboutchip-
ping away at the Assamite
power base for their own
ends. The Treme
Holy Land like slavering vultures,

e circle the

desperate to obtain access to the

arcane secrets hidden within, Only

the fact that some ancient power assists the

Assamites in repelling any and all Tremere seeking to
enter Jerus
flict from escalating into war. Even mysterious cults of
rival diablerists and cells of reputed demon-worshiping,

n and its surroundings has kept the con-

vampires are rumored to strive against the Assamites for
regional influence. Were the Assamites not struggling
‘on so many fronts to maintain their position, they might
well have expanded their political power well beyond
the borders of Arabia by now.

The clan holds tightly toa small but vital interest in
Africa as well. Particularly in Egypt and the surrounding
lands, the Assamites war against the Followers of Set.
Unlike the conflict in the Holy Land, which is largely
covert, the battle between these two clans here is noth-
ing less than bloody. Though Antara the Shepherd has
litele in the way of influence with Prince Bey's court in

Cairo, the Assamiteis widely acknowledged sone of the
most powerful Kindred of the region, and he wages his
at al-Khunzir's Setites with fanatical zeal.

Iewould seem an unfaie fight, with victory easily going to

the Assamites — except that the Setites are expert at

HLAPTER TWO

hiding their tendrils of influence throughoutsociery, and
they possess a repertoire of ancient lore and mystic power
that often leaves the Assamites stymied.

India has seen a growth in Assamite presence over
the course of the past several centuries; specifically, ever
since the Dutch and the British began colonizing the
region. Already engaged in battling the Cathayans from,
the East, the native Kindred were forced tofight a waron
two fronts wh
their countrymen. Although many of the Indian Kin-
dred refuse to depend on outsiders to free them from the

the European vampires arrived with

European incursion, others have proven more pr
umber of Assamites has been hired -

ases, even granted domains — by

the natives. For their own part, the Assamites

are only too enthusiastic to aid the Indian

Kindred against their foes, and
many have adopted the cause
astheirown, fightingabove
and beyond the stipula-
tions of their contracts,

A number of the Euro:
Kindred,

larly among the

we convinced

that the Assamites, as a
clan, have set about to drive
them from India. This is un-
true, of course, but those

samites who do fight for India's
independence feel no desire to correct their
enemy's false assumptions.

Norall the native Kindred of India are pleased to see
the Assamites setting down roots, however. As of this
time, the conflict betw
these nationalist Indian

nn the Assamites and some of
indred (particularly Ravnos
ind a Setite bloodline) has remained at the level of
occasional brush war skirmishes. As the British control
over India grows firmer, however, many of the local
vampires have taken to lashing out at all foreigners in
their frustration; the Assamites in India may find that
they have quickly worn out their welcome.
Finally, though they have yet to parlay their pres
ence into any true measure of influence, « small but
number of Assamites has established a foothold
w World. Some, either moved by the plight of
the native peoples or (more likely) simply anxious for
iny excuse to kill Europea
fer the subjugation of the nativ.
‘America, where they prey upon Camarilla and Sabbat
alike. Others find themselves fulfilling contract after

in theN

ampires, arrived not long

in Central and South

contract in the American West. Young and relatively


inexperienced princes are the norm there; with the

bbat lurking to the south, Lupines stalking the wilds
and power-hungry elders just waiting back East to come
and take any real authority their childer might acquire,
it is pethaps not surprising that many of the Kindred in
the "Wild West" call upon outside assistance from time
to time. Granted, they cannot offer the boons or potent
blood their elders can, but many Assamites elect to work
forthem anyway in exchange for future favors. Tonight's
fledgling may well be tomorrow's prince, afterall, and if
nothing else, it is yetanother opportunity to.come closer
to the One

Interests

Tohear the other clans tellit, the Assamiteshi
clan-wide interests or activities beyond killing. Ev
this were true, and it most certainly is not, the effort that
goes into assassinating a vampire requires more prepara:
tion than many Kindred reali
s such, a large number of the less martially oriented
members of the clan ientists, for the most part —
spend their time searching for new ways to affect the
Kindred form. These Assamite scholars (of which there
are more than most vampires realize) search for new and
improved weaponry and tactics; though rarely able to
develop anything particularly innovative on their own,
upon the advancements of
| rumor suggests that the
J how to modify bolt-
action rifles to fire thin stakes, though none of the
Kindred who spread this rumor have seen
for themselves. Others travel consta
techniq samites have returned from distant lands
with new methods of killing, weapons borrowed from
ancient cultures, mystic rituals and exotic poisons that
function even on a vampire's necrotic organs.
Regardless of the reasons for their travels — study,
assassination or anything else — many Assamites make
a practice of interfering with Tremere projects and
objectives whenever their paths cross. This interference
rarely takes the form of uncontracted assassinations
(though this does happen at times). Rather, the Assamite
will reroute couriers, delay shipments, interfere with
experiments and, in essence, do whatever he can to
subtly and secretly upset the smooth functioning of the
Witches. Such opportunities are infrequent and rarel
result in anything worse than a minor bit of annoyane
and frustration for the Tremere involved. Still, it is a
favored pastime among the more nomadic Assamite:
and some even ens n competitions to see who can
come up with the most amusing disruption.


Truly, though, if the Assamites have thrown their
resources behind any one endeavor, it is their constant
struggle to shed the blood curse imposed by the loath-
some Tremere warlocks. For every Assamite engaged in
the slaughter (or protection) of some lesser vampire,
another either labors in the alchemical laboratories at
or else travels the globe in search
of the most ancient of secrets and the most modern of
scientific breakthroughs. Some assassins, though not
we even traded their services for thaumaturgical
or occult knowledge, rather than their standard price in
blood. While they have not, as yet, applied the know!-
edge
Assamit

the clan's hidden

ned toany fields outside their quest foracure, the
.cquired a greater library of information
on the melding of magic and science than any other clan
(though the Tremere run a close second). Even they
might be surprised at what they might accomplish ifthey
loged their collected studies.
To better reali
have, for the first time,

their objectives, the Assamites
mbraced non-Arabs in signifi-
cant number. The clan haschosen its progeny from other
nationalities before but only for truly exceptional indi-
viduals. Now, as they require the scientific and mystical
world, they cannot afford to be
so xenophobic. The overwhelming majority of their
childerare still Arabic, bucthe "foreigners" now make up

a notable minority.

knowledge of the enti

These new Assamites bring an added benefit as well:
They can travel in places where traditional Assamites
cannot go. The clan has turned an interested eye toward
England, where occult societies now flower in the under-
belly of London's bored elite. Most of these are nothing
but the meaningless entertainments and the t

es of those with far too much money

their hands, but just enough of these societies possess real

powerand have uncovered real secrets that the Assamites
cannot afford to ignore them. It is particularly galling to
the clan —not to mention threaten

the Tremere and the Followers of Set have
already staked so thorough a claim on these burgeoning
organizations, and the Saracens rush to insert their own
eyesand ears before itis too late to reap the benefits. The
entire situation is a powder keg if there ever was one.

twits objectives

Should either the Tremere or the Setites of these organi-
ations discover the Assamites in their midst, London
and other European cities with similar factions) might

well erupt into a mystical Kindred war that would strain,

the Masquerade to the point of shattering.

Even when the goal is for the good of all, however,
the Kindred seem incapable of cooperating with one
another. The Assamites, though better at working to-
gether than most, have proven no exception. Atthe edge

of the Orient, where Eastern Europe meets Asia, the
Ottoman Empire engages in the brutal repression of the
Arabic people in its conquered territories. Thousands
live in squalid conditions, but those:
starve are only mildly better off than the thousands more
who have been imprisoned or executed by Ottoman
Turks.

Assamites find themselves on both sides of the issue
Although they have, to date, successfully hidden such
things from the eyes of the Western Kindred, open
conflict has erupted between factions of the clan. The
Assamites have much invested in the Ottoman Empite,
and many of the clan'

hoarellefttoslowly

their own influence is inextric
being. They advise both the mortal rulers and the Kin-
dred princes of the Empire, lend might (in secret, of
course) to their armies and stand beside the Turkish
Ventrue and Brujah who claim the conquered lands as
their own domains.

Although one might expect them to have learned by
‘now, it constantly shocks the Ottomans and their Kin-
dred that the Arabs still possess the strength to resi
Small but frequent uprisings of the peasantry threaten
mortal soldiersand theircommanders, but thisisnothing
compared to the force that threatens the invading Kin-
dred. Many of these conquering vampires — Ventrue,
Brujah and Assamite alike — have met Final Death in
recent years. An Assamite called Najjar (said to be a
childe of Antara the Shepherd) leads a small but fanati-
cal band of Kindred drawn from among the oppressed
Arabs and has taken the lives of several of his clanmates.
Both sides have appealed to the clan elders, but be
Assamites of great influence dwell on both sides of the
struggle and because the clan itselfisunwilling to declare
one side or the other "morally wrong," they have refused
to interfere, except to insist that the Assam
sides cease killing one another. They have not been.
obeyed.

In Egypt, the Assamite presence has both personal
and practical repercussions for the clan. Antara and his
supporters battle the Followers of Set due to personal
grudges and ancient feuds. The rest of the clan supports
the Shepherd, however, primarily because of Egypt's
value to the clan's historians, archeologists and sorcer.
ers. Even should the secrets of the ancients prove unable
to life the Tremere curse, the Assamites
to acquire them if only to keep them out of the hands of
the Setites. To that end, the Assamites play a political
game in Egypt the equal of any C:
government functionaries, shopkeepers, religious lead-
ers, British archeologists and petty smugglers make up a

use

es on both

re determined

marilla prince. Minor


id informants with which the Assamites
conduct their constant searches. They sh:
ment with Prince Bey of Cairo and other
Egyptian elders: The Assamites do not interfere in local
Camarilla affairs, and the Cam:

nose into the Assamite vendetta against the Setites.
Although ly dominated by Camarilla

Kindred where it isn't under Assamite or Setite sway
group of Muslim Lasombra have dwelt within Cairo for
housand years. Antara still m
with Fatimah, the faction's current

web of spies
an unspo-
ken a

a does not stick its

airo is

intains an ancient

The
group provides assistance in the Assamites' war against
the Seti 'sformidable inf
ith the prince and Cairo's elders protects the
Lasombra from any attempt to drive th
Beyond the Middle East and northeast Africa, the
Assamites' greatest interest lies in India. As elsewhere,
their presence in that conflict-torn land serves multiple
purpo fany Assamites,
drawn by the opportunity to war against Camarilla Kin-
dred as in the days of old, travel to India for no other
purpe des with the vitae of
many vampires as they can. Others have gone native
wholly adopting the cause of Indian independence as
their own. One, Imran bin Qadir, even went so far as to
join the Thuggee, before the Bi
the cult. Other Assamites still

n out.

ss both individual and clan-wid

than to slake their bl

hostel
the rumors of the
ffiliation with the Thuggee as psychologica
weapons against the European Kindred, despite the
lly exists

ites on the Indian subcontinent fight
¢ of fighting, but bee:
offered was too tempting to ignore. Rather than simple
blood, some Assamites have been paid in territory,
acquiring their own domains in India's poverty-stricken

ibly destroyed
widesprea
that no such affil

Other A:
not for the

we the fee they were

ges and in the outermost neighborhoods of its cities.
ich regionsin Indianow boas
that neither the C a e nati
claim authority in those areas. This gr
the Assamites bases of power and operation from which
topu

their other agendas in India, but it also grants

re opposed to ence (suchas
the "Devil Brah

purged of all foreigners) a target at which to strike.

ir pre
sho would see India

Still other Assamites travel India not in pursuit of
blood, but of magic. The Brahmins of the subcontinent,
Kindred and kine alike,
unknown to the Assamites sorcerers.

aim knowledge and powers

1d, more impor

tantly, unknown to the Tremere warlocks. Several

dy begun studying the basics of

an Indi

thwarting the Tremere (see Blood Sacrific:
Thaumaturgy Companion),

Although the clan has not, as a whole, expressed
much interest in the New World, a number of individual
Assamites do not share that disinterest. As mentioned

a number of the re engaged in opera
tions in the American West, propping up the nascent

form of blood magic, in the hopes of

The

wens

inst various threats. Some of these Assamites
— generally youthful in their own right, as most of the
clan elders have better things to do than accept bottom
ment from Kindred who claim domain
quare miles of dust —
‘the land of opportunity" their own. Rad
bint Hameah, who traveled to America partially because
few of her conservative brethren would take her seriously
as both woman and assassin, has formed about her a
network of As ites that stretches throughout the
‘American West and southward into Mexico. She main
tainsonly sporadiecontact with theck
and dispensing contracts on a Ie
authority. So long as she do
‘ment, the Old M
operate
dling the
their own shoulders. Bint

proper, accepting
sis under her own,

not prove a disappoint-
elders allow her to

itremoves the burden of han-

n West from

etwork has, on

occasion, allocated some of their contracts to Assamite

antitribu from south of th

Camarilla

to take the job, the

pay with little risk,

precisely, carried out the assassina

REALLY, IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN DO? SURELY, WERE YOUR
POSITIONS REVERSED, PRINCE WARBURTON WOLLD OFFER (QE AT
LEAST TWICE THAT FOR YOUR HEAD.... YES, THATS WHAT |
THOUGHT. A PLEASURE DOING BUSINESS WITH YOU, EFFENDI.

— IMAD AL DIN ABD HAQIN,

ASSAMITE FIELD AGENT

THECLUNS


The Followers of Set are called Serpents tor a
reason. They, like the Biblical serpent, offer the
Kindred knowledge, enlightenment, their dead
hearts desir

up years ago.
These worshipers of a forgotten god

are pethaps the most dis-

trusted of the clans, yet in 7

the Victorian nights, as all

the worldscemaso hunger. 2)

for the tiniest scraps of an-

cient lore, the Setites ind the

other vampires approaching

them more often than ever. Mortals see

ing a taste of forbidden knowl

pleasures rendered taboo by a put

society; neonates who have chosen to dis-

believe the wrong tale, who come in search

of secrets that will elevate them above tk

domineering sires; elder Kindred who are

convinced that th

the lures thatare inev

the smallest Setite favor. All th

are the Serpents' clientele. Toni

in secrets and in souls thrivesas nev

and in the shadowy places beyond the rea
lark god smiles in his slumber.

ites consider the Victorian Age,
with all its social mores, scientific arrog

and occult fascination to be nothing less

than a gift from Set himself. The clan is no
more trusted tonight than in years before,
but so many seek services that the Followers
of Set provide, some Setite temples have actu-
ally found themselves with abacklogof petitioners!

HAPTER TWO

Like the other independent clans, the
Setiteshave little interestin placing them
selvesunder the yoke of either of the two
primary sects. Unlike the others,
however, the Serpents show a clear
preference for dealing with the
Camarilla. Some Setites make their ha
vens in Camarilla cities, and some few,
"onoceasion, even hold positionsamong
retinue! Thebackbitingpoli

tics and underhanded maneuvers of
the Camarilla Kindred lend them-
selves far more to Setite "persuasions"

A than do the more openly violent con-
flicts of the Sabbat. Furthermore, the
Sabbat shows little interest in obey
ing the laws of prestation; the Setites

‘knowledge their debt. Finally,
Sabbar's hostile attitude toward
the Antediluvians does not sit well
in the bellies of a clan that is
founded upon not only serving
but worshiping one of those an-
cients.
Although the Setite reputa
tion is not qu
that of the Assamites,
portion of the Kindred has s
pigeonholed theSerpentsasde-
vious, dishonestand altogether
untrustworthy. Of course, this
description applies to almost all vam-
e quick to point out
re wounded by such


time a Follower of e?
Obviously, every barrel has its bad apples, but by and
large, when one of the clan makes a promise, then, by
Set, he delivers
to work with someone who couldn't properly pay
boon ora favor? Why, the Serpents bend over b
toensure thatall who deal with them come av
is true that the Setites offer Kindred and ki
the chance to taste forbidden pleasures — drugs, sex,
vitae —and to acquire wealth and power through
ins that are rather less than legal. Butis that not, after
all, exactly what these people wanted? The Followers of
Set offer those who come to them exactly what they ask
for. How, the

When was the last time a $

does this make them evil?

Most Kindred don't lend much credence to such.
arguments, yet they still return to the Setites again and
again, convinced that they, unlike all the others before
them, are clever enough to avoid being trapped in the
clan's web of favors and prestation. Occasionally, one of
them is even right.

Many among the Kindred still assume that
prance around garbed in ceremonial robes nd bedecked
with snake-themed jewelry and holy regalia. Some of the
clan react to this stereotype by "dressing down," as it
were. The vast majority of Followers attempt to blend in
with their surroundings, and one is more likely to see a
Setite garbed in a frock coat and top hat (where such is
appropriate) than in a gold headdress or coiled in a nest
of serpents. The Setites are expert at inserting them-
selves unseen into another clan's territory and slowly
working to undermine it from within (assuming that's
their goal, of course). As often as not, Setite interference

is never even suspected, simply because the Serpents

erect no snake-themed temples and refuse to wander
about displaying their clan affiliation for all and sundry.

Some few Serpents choose to go the other way,
however, playing up their image rather than attempting
to downplay it. These are primarily Setites who either
dwell in Egypt itself or else are deliberately attempting to
attract the gullible to various mystic cults in England and
Western Europe. Even they do not wander down the
bank of the Thames or past the Eiffel Tower in such
garments, however.

In either case, many Kindred are startled to discover
how polite and genuine the Setites seem. Obviously, this
isonlya tendency, not asteadfast rule— Followers of Set
are as individual as any given Kindred. Still, vampires
who expect a slimy con artist or snake-oil salesman are
surprised to be met with a truly affable reception. Even
more shockingly, this amiability is absolutely authentic;
Setites have been known to perform emergency favors

for their "friends" without ever asking a boon in return.

Those who claim that this i all part of the act to draw
victims in closer, or that the Followers are concerned
merely with the effort they've already putintoa potential
victim, are simply cynical, or so say the Setites, anyway

The Setites, as much as they might claim otherwii

are not immune to their own wiles. In these nights, the
true worship of Set has become diluted within the clan.
For every truly devout Follower
over other Kindred to acquire exactly the same sorts of
material pleasures he uses to tempt others — wealth,
power, blood. Nordo the fangs of the Serpents strike only
at those outside thei

another uses his power

own ranks. The web of favors and
debtsand enmities that binds the clan together isat least
as convoluted as that which binds them to the Kindred
as a whole.

Domain

Onlya
the Setites hold substantial power as a clan. Although
they can be found in nearly every Camarilla city and in
several Sabbat-dominated regions, as well, the Kindred
think of them as having little in the way of political
strength.
Th
encourage, for it hides the true strength of the clan.
Unlike other Kindred factions, the Setites maintain
their power in small portions, preferring asmall property
in the domain of some other clan than an entire nation
ora city of their own,

-w regions in the world have domains whe

attitude is one the Setites take great pains to

Forexample, the Setiteshold substantial sway in the

occult underground that thrives in Victoria's London.
Given the depths of Setite lore, itis a simple matter for
one of the Serpents to pass on to his cultists just enough

idden knowledge" (real or imaginary, it hardly mat
ters) to keep them coming back for more. Other
Englishmen prove ever willing to sacrifice their "virtue"
(a laughable concep to most Setites) for the simplest of
pleasures. In a culture so stifled by taboo and excessive
propriety as Victorian England, ladies and
the upper class practically beg to be set free from the
demands of society.

entlemen of

The same holds true for nearly every major city of
Western Europe (save for Spain and other regions that
are heavily dominated by the Sabbat). A temple her
enclave there—somehow the Kindred of the world seem
unable to comprehend that the Setite ability to acquire
justa bit of power everywhere adds up to afar greater sum
than if they were to wield power openly in any single
Oxidly enough, litle Setite presence exists in Parisin

these last nights of the 19th century. This is not to say

THECLANS,


6

that there are no Serpents in the City of Lights, merely

that their numbers are surprisingly small. The attitude

among the Followers of Set regarding Paris seems to be

accurately summed up in the words of Adrian King, a

Setite who wields substantial power in various occult

tions throughout the British Empire and West-

rope."*There ispreciouslittle," hehascommented,

"chat we might accomplish in Paris that the Parisians
have not already achieved."

Setite strength grows nightly in America. In New
England and all along the East Coast, the nation strati-
fies itself into the very social classes it pretends to
disdain. Many industrial suddenly have more
money than they know what to do with, which is a
problem the Followers of Set are only too happy to help
solve. Mere blocks away, the poor and disenfranchised

jinamen and Indians who dare wear skin of the
wrong tone, blacks who were under the mistaken impres-
sion that slavery had been outlawed and "true-blooded
s" who have been put out of work by the
vagaries of economics and the influx of foreign workers
— seek escape from the pain of daily life. Alcohol and
opium are common, the streets slowly but surely grow
more violent by the night, and hatred and despair flow as
ly as blood. It calls to the Setites like a siren's song,
and they flock to America in droves, seeing their chance
to intertwine themselves in the formation of an indus-
trial superpower.

Forall their efforts to remain hidden, however, some
nations of the world, far from the main strength of either
sect, do indeed harbor overt bastions of Setite power.

Despite the presence of the Camarilla and the great.
esteffortsofthe Assamites, Egypt—the Setites' homeland
—isstill rife with worshipers of the Dark God. In Cairo,
Iezat al-Khunzir leads Setite efforts to drive all other
clans from the Nile region. His clanmate, an ancient
named Kahina, is pethaps one of the world's foremost
experts in Egyptian mysticism and Akhu blood magic.
She and her allies possess secrets from Egypt's past that
would tear the Kindred world apart were they ever to be
revealed. Kahina's . and the Setite proclivity for
misdirection and hidden allies, are instrumental in the
clan's local war against the Assamites — a war that the

Ameri

Setites know full well they will lose should it ever come
to anything as banal as a straightforward fight.

Beyond Cairo itself, however, the Setite dominance
of the Egyptian night is largely uncontested. In small

cities and ancient tombs, the Serpents labor for the glory
of Set, cataloging and examining entire libraries of
ancient lore. The mystic societies of London, to say
nothing of the Tremere and other sorcerous Kindred,
would sacrifice anything, commit any vile deed, for but

‘CHATTER TWO

The Setites
es (restricted, of course,

a few moments with these Setite treasure
offer them just such opportu
to the least harmful of the ancient writings), and all at
the most reasonable of costs.

In India, a mysterious Setite bloodline called the
Daitya boasts an entirely different relationship with its
fellow Kindred than is the norm. The vampires of In
define themselves not merely by cl s
part of the Brahmin caste of rulers and religious leaders,
the Daitya hold substantial power over India's Kindred.
Iisa position of which the Followers of Set would dearly
love to take advantage, but Sundervere and the other
powerful Daitya have so far proven unwilling to subju-
gate their own religious beliefs in favor of some Egyptian
god venerated by their cousins. Thus, while the Setites
have a sizable presence on the subcontinent, it is ques-
tionable as to whether the main body of the clan has any
real authority in the region.

Nor is India the only part of the world where Setite
relations benefit the clan less than mightbe expected. In
South America, a bloodline called the Tlacique once
ruled as gods over Aztec and Mayan temples, wielding
power over their mortal servitors unhindered by any
Masquerade. Circumstantial and anecdotal evidence
suggests a link between this bloodline — now extinct,
slaughtered by the Sabbat in the years after the arrival of
the Europeans in the -w World —and the Followers of
Set. Iisa tenuous connection at best,
it to stake a claim to the region, and several of their
number now make their homes among the poverty-
stricken and, thu

but by cast

the Setites use

easily tempted natives.

Interests

Ifthe Setites have a goal that binds most of the clan,
it is the veneration and eventual ava
himself. This invol
other vampires and the chanting of mystic rituals in
hidden temples.

Like the Assamites — with whom th
more in common than either clan will everacknowledge
— the Followers of Set include several Kindred who
spend much of their time traveling the globe, searching
for the magics of a
these archeologist-mystics truly have the goals of the
clanatheart, while othersseck only to increase theirown
power and prestige, but almost all are nigh fanatical in
their pursuit of secrets. From Egypt and northern Africa
to Indian ruins to the libraries of English collectors who
know not what they possess, these Setites rarely an-
ir clan allegiance, fully aware that many
‘vampires refuse to deal with the "Serpents." Some have
even worked alongside Assamite knov cckers

ning of Set
more than the "corruption" of

Setites have

-s and cultures long gone. Some of

nounce ¢


(again, without revealing their pedigree) or cooper.
ated in research with the Tremere

One faction of these wanderers, led by a Setite
scholarnamed Amelia Mapleridge, hasset aboutstudy
ing serpent symbolism throughout the world's
mythologies and religions. The snake in the Garden of
Eden, the Midgard Serpent of Norse myth, the snake
Loa Damballah-wedo of Haitian Voudoun, the Aztec
god Quetzalcoatl and countless others form the b
an enormousscholarly investigation. Maplerid
are not ne s the advancement of
knowledge. She es that by solidly connecting
Set to other religions of the world, she can greatly
increase the power of Setite sorcery, itself a religious
pursuit. She has had little success to date, but her
research has only just b

Despite these nomadic searchers, the clan's
focus remains, of course, on its homeland of
where the greatest Setite sorcerers, suchas Kahin
still be found. Many Kindred believe that the Follow
ers of Set know all there is to know of Egyptian lore,
that every secret of the pharaohs is stored some'
within the Se reat libraries. It is a flattering
conceit and one the Setites encourage. The truth is
that even the most ancient of their number mourn the
‘magic lost in the centuries since the time of Set and
devote themselves body and soul to their recovery.

Setite interest in Egypt is hardly limited to the
acquisition of magic, however. The clan was birthed in
the cradle of civilization. [tis their home, their refuge
and they want it back. The see their war with the

\s self-defense. Notall the loca
are as fanatic as al-Khunzir himself. Some would prefer
to work with Prince Bey, to whisper to him and guide
him as they do so many other Camarilla princes. This
would grant them an ally

less easily manipulated foe. Further, these Setites main-
tain, it would puta buffer between them and their foes,
making the clan less of a target for those who covet

Egypt. This difference of opinion has not yet caused

any real schism amongst the Setites of Cairo — the
of their enemies makes any such infight-
ing proposition — but itdoes somewhat

per their ability to function efficiently.

The Setites of other Egyptian cities, who lack al-
Khunzir's xenophobic fanaticism, tend to take a more
moderate approach. Most of them acknowledge that
the British (and therefore the Camarilla) are unlikely
tobe purged from Egypt any time soon. Better, then, to
make themselves useful, even indispensable, to the
newcomers, thus ensuring that they hold the true reins

THECLANS,


of power and, not coincidentally, obtain a useful ally
gainst the Sabbat, whose Noddist faction has its own
fascination with Egypt and the Holy Land.
The Followers of Set send frequent emissaries to
powerful Daitya such as Sundervere, hoping to parlay

that bloodline's established influence over the Indian
subcontinent into a base of power for their own efforts
Initial contact between the two branches of the clan
proves less than conducive to Setite objectives. The
fundamentalist worshipers of Set proved as ineffective at
converting the natives to their own way of thinking as
‘most of the European Christian missionaries. More re
cent attempts have been somewhat more promising.
Rather than attempt to sway the Daitya to their own
beliefs, the Setites now approach themas they would any
other useful tool, by offering them aid in their own
objectives and attempting to convince them that they
have much in common.

such, the S in India find themselves in a

position they normally strive mightily to avoid: open
warfare. In order to prove their sincerity to their cousins,
with the native Kin

out of India. To

some of the Serpents have join:
to drive the Br

dred in attemptin

date, their efforts have been subtle, and they have
len. Should the Camarilla ever learn that

remained hi
g their enemies in the British colo:
nies, the clan may haveasubstantial amount of explaining
to do. The Serpents are worried, t00, by the attitudes of
the Daitya. Unlike their parent clan, which eschews
direct confrontation where at all possible, the Daitya

consider themselves demons, charged with a sacred duty

HAPTER THO

to cause death, destruction and misery on a wide scale. If
they draw too much Kindred scrutiny, outsiders might
eventually learn that they are relatives of the Followers
‘of Set, and that would expose the Setites to questions
they prefer not to answer
Thos

India. In En;
fungi, they cake root in the dark places of the

who operate in less conflict-pror
jer time of it than their brethren in

and, the Setites thrive as never before. Like

ity, away
from the light
attentions of the other Kindred. The
metic Order of the Golden Dawn —every occult society

and, not coincidentally, away from the
asons, the Her
draws the attention of the Serpents, and several are little
more than blood cults for ambitious Followers. Some
already mentioned, come in search of the occ
kernel of true mystic knowledge, but most use these cu

only asaway of chipping away at theso-called moral fiber

of Victorian society. These Setites engage in a three-way
cold war with the Assamites and the

whom also has substantial interest in these 01

nere, each of
aniza
tions, and the Serpents devote almost as much effort to
thwarting the growth of their rivals as they do to estab-
lishing their own influence

it Western

s, the Setites have a particul:

While London is a poy
ever, it is hardly the only one
Europe and the British |
taste for cities that have only now reached the founda-
tion of their industrial maturity. A growth of industry
almost invariably results in new wealth for
abominable workingconditionsand impo

others — both conditions the Followers are only too

anxious to exploit. In such cities, Setites rarely by


approach the Kindred directly. By sinking their talons
intoan obscenely large portion of the loca
sway the Kindred by influencing their source of blood.
Several such cities, despite an apparently strong prince,
are actually guided by the Followers of Set, who can
threaten labor strikes, riots and other such impediments
to the smooth operation of the city — and thus to the
prince's own political and economic resources.

In the last nights of the 1800s, the Setites still hold
much influence in the islandsof the Caribbean, although
much of that territory has since been taken by the clan's
hated anttvibu brethren, the Serpents of the Light. Here,
the Setites revel in their mystic natures, bound only by
flimsy shadow of the Masquerade. More Setite sorcerers
dwell here than in any other single territory besides
Egypt. No other single clan claims as great a presence
here, nor as trong an influence. That said, the Setites of
the Caribbean struggle to maintain that power. Not only
do their Sabbat cousins grow stronger nightly, but the
Followers in and around Haiti have also found them-
selves under attack by a small but powerful sect of
Voudoun-practicing Kindred who seem all but immune
to the clan's normal techniques of tempration and sub-
version

e,theycan

Pethaps the greatest prize for the Setites in the
Victorian Age, however, is the New World, the self-
proclaimed "land of opportunity." Opportunity indeed,
for the swiftly growing number of Serpents who make
this land their home.

The United States, particularly in the East, has all
the benefits of a rapidly developing European city and
then some. It, too, has the hurried rise in industrialism,
therapidly growing gulfbetween theh
nots. Iris furthermore, anationsstill unsure ofits identity,
looking for a direction in the world. It carries far less of
a traditional mindset, and while this means that Ameri-
cans do not have as strict a social order to rebel against,
italso means they do not have the same fear of societal
disapproval restraining them from experimenting with
the delights the Setites can offer. The

ind the have-

ation suffers a

strong undercurrent of racial hatred and tension, and a
erpent can easily channel that sin

ing resentment into a useful tool, either
her enemies or c

ipulative
\dermining
inga driven, violence-prone agent

Even better, where the Followers of Set are con-
cemed, is the American government. It is hardly more
than acentury old, truly an administration in its infancy
inKindred terms. While many Camarilla (and, toalesser
extent, Sabbat) vampires already have established con:
nections and influence, their authority is not yet so
pervasive as it is within European governments. The
Setites, who have always been willing to start small and
work patiently, build, taking advantage of the minor
functionaries the other Kindred have so far overlooked.
Further, those offi
are often farmore loyal to theirmasters than the catspaws
of other vampires, for the Serpents can often offer them
far more than "mere" money and vitae.

als the Setites do manage to suborn

The American West offers nearly as much opportu-
nity, despite its relative lack of important domains. The
nascent princes of the region face numerous threats, so
many that they could not possibly take the time or effort
to root out the Setites in their domains even if they
wanted to, Mostdon't want to, for they need all the allies
they can get. The Assamites, as mentioned above, some
out to these de
help them for free (or rather, for a simple
favor down the road). Even those
normally never deal with the Followers of Set find they
cannot afford to turn them down under the circum-
stances. risa dangerous environment — the Camarilla
requires help in the Wild West for a reason! —but those
Setites who survive to earn the gratitude of the locals
have the unique opportunity to insinuate themselves

verate Kindred,

ampires who would

into Camarilla territory from the beginnit
and guiding the developing power structure as they see
fit. This applies not only to the Kindred social order, but
to the swiftly growing cities of the kine as well. Some of
the more observant (and paranoid) Kindred have begun
towonder, in fact, who really holds the balance of power
in the American West.

, molding

O6, ne, please. Affew me

-fldrian King, Sefite Freenrason

THECLANS


e greedy, not merely formateri
ut for true status, true pow
much so that they murdered an entire clan and
took itsplace. They are isolated, inbred, incestu-
ous, determined to share that power with none
outside the family. They command the spirits of
the dead, wield a source of knowledg
the likes of which no other
possibly hope to match.
their good points.
eso universally reviledas the

jovani clan. No other branch of

so loathed on a visceral,
. For all that they scoff

patricide — the Giovanni are guilty
ofall these and mor
recoil from them like dinner guests
from a plate of maggots.
And maggot-like, the Giovanni
feast on the flesh of Kindred and
society, burrowing inward
the weakened, sickly places.
The Necromancers are a neutral
they fe
rilla or the
bat, but because they know,
like the scavengers to which they
fe so often compared, that re-
gardless of who wins, they will
always have the losers to feed
from,

CHAPTER THO

Overview
If most of the Kindred of the Victorian
their way, they would happily go from
Sehenna without ever setting e

on the Giovanni, and if the Giovanni didn't
the other Kindred to advance their own
that feeling would certainly

prove entirely mutual.

Unlike the other independent
clans, the Giovanni neutrality is
not entirely by their own choice,
but mandated by outsiders. The

Camarilla, in essence, gave the

Giovanniachoice—neutrality

or extinction. That their "en-

neutrality serves the
"5 purposes anyway
does not change the fact that
some younger members of
theclan resent the Camarilla

for imposing it
By and large, however,
the clan simply seeks to go
about its business. Drawing
upon their roots asa mortal
mercantile family, having
watched carefully through
the yearsin which they were
now-extinct
bloodline, theGiovannihave
leaned in a relatively short
time what some of the older
clans have still failed to grasp

power comes from the kine.

eady thoroughly entrenched in the
Italian economy before they ever
became vampires, the
Giovanni spread their fiscal


influence throughout Europe and, in recent
New World as well. The elders of the clan appear to have
some greater goal in mind, some purpose to which their
domination of the finan
most of the clan, however, the wealth and power their
position grants them is more than sufficient reward in its
own right

Tonight, even without their necromantic abilities,
the Giovanni are potentially one of the most powerful of
clans (though whether they could have attained that
status without their Necromancy is dubious at best).
Only the Brujah, the Toreador, the Ventrue and the
Lasombra can claim, asa clan, a greater sphere of influ-
ence in the mortal world, and at the rate the Giovanni
are expanding, they may surpass at |
clans within the next several decades. This power they
wield encourages other Kindred to seek them out, to
request alliances or even boons, despite the disgust with
which the Giovanniare viewed. Many vampires feel that
any clan capable of making loans in the hundreds of
thousands of pounds sterling, that may one nightsoon be
capable of toppling nations through fiscal manipulation,
is worth having as a collaborator regardless of its moral
declivities.

al markets is only a means. For

ist some of those

Others, however, will have nothing to do with the
Giovanni, regardless of circumstances. One might imag-
ine that creatures who survive by feastingon the blood of
innocents would have grown beyond the grasp of social
and sexual taboo, but one would be wrong. The Kindred
are greatly disturbed by the Giovanni tendency toward
incest. The clan acknowledges that new blood must be
brought into the family at times (and it has, indeed,
absorbed entire sub-families across the world), but the

prevailing attitude is still that those of pure Giovanni

blood — that is, those with two Giovanni parents — are
superior to those who are "tainted" with lesser parentage.
To outsiders, itis unnatural. To the Gio s the
most logical thing in the world. They are, after all, a
magically potent clan, and is not magic carried in the
breeding within the
tradition that can be found throughout the histories of
most of the world's royal families; as the Giovanni are
clearly the highest of the clans, should they do any less?
But then, what is one to expect from a clan that also.
appreciates the value of intercourse with the dead?

mmily is a

Ultimately, it is neither incest nor influence that
defines the clan. Iris not moral revulsion, but a creeping
dread, a fear of contagion and unknown things, that
keepssomany vampires away from the Giovanni. Rather
than shaking mankind's fear of death by virtue of their
own undead state, the Kindred fear it more than ever.
They have eternity to lose, rather than a few short

101

decades, and mostare fully convinced that an afterlife of
torment awaits them beyond the veil. The Giovanni,
however, do not fear death. They study it, they court it,
and they treat with creatures from beyond the grave.
These wraiths are pethaps the Giovanni's primary
tool, without which they might never have risen above
thestatusofaminor, ineffectual bloodline. The ability to
question the dead associates of rivals to a
and abilities, o send nigh-undetectable spies to observe
everything from company meetings to criminal gather-
ingsto Elysium courts—surely even the mostslow-witted
of vampires could find thousands of uses for such abili-
ties, And the Giovanni elders are far from slow-witted.

certain plans

‘Some Kindred believe, particularly in these nightsof
scientific discovery and occult fascination, that the
Giovanni are playing with forces they cannot possibly
control, that there will be —must be —a price tobe paid
down the road. The Giovanni concur wholeheartedly.
They're simply determined to ensure that itis someone
else who pays it.

Domain

There can be no doubt in anyone's mind (despite
contrary propaganda in which the Camarilla occasion

ally indulges) that the Giovanni hold almost the entirety
ofltaly atleastsomewhat under their sway. That they are
the dominant clan in Venice, none will argue. This city
istheirhome—and, ifrumoristobe believed, the haven
of Augustus Giovanni, the clan founder, himself.

No single leader, no "prince," claims Venice, the
boasts of the Camarilla to the contrary. Rather, the job
of ensuring the smooth functioning of the city falls to a
select group of ancillae and relatively young elders, as
‘Augustus and the eldest Giovanni have far too much to
do worrying about clan activities worldwide. Although
no concerted effort to keep all other vampires out of the
city (particularly the Nosferatu, the removal of whom
would require far more effort than the Giovanni are
willing to devote to such an endeavor) has been under-
taken, the retofthefact that
vampire attempting to seize undu
within Venice will meet with

makesno outside
influence or power
very swift death —
possibly followed by an eternity of servitude
Most of Italy's other major cities are claimed by the
Camarilla (though notable exceptions, such as Arch-
bishop Giangaleazzo's domain in Milan, exist). They
have princes, they have primogen, and they "graciously
permit" the Giovanni to operate in their territories.
The Giovanni smirk and allow the Camarilla fools
their illusions. There are few cities in Italy where the
Giovanni do not wield supreme power, in terms of
Kindred policy and politics. They have too many con-

THECLUNS,


tacts within Italy's local governments, banking estab-
lishments and merchant families, too much influence
over the nation's fiscal lifeblood, to be ignored. Their
spies, living, undead and just plain dead, keep them
apprised of everything that occurs in these so-called
"Camarilla territories," and they permit nothingto move
forward that is not suitably in line with their objectives.
Only two exceptions exist, two holes in their web of
authority that drapes Ialy like ashroud. One is Rome, or,
more specifically, the sovereign nation of the Vatican
As the spiritual center of the one of the world's largest
and strongest religions, the Vatican is a bastion of True
Faith. It, to0, ishome to the Society of Leopold, an order
of vampire hunters that
traces its roots back to the
Spanish Inquisition. The
Giovanni arguably hold
more power in Rome than
any other clan — their in-
fluence over the nation's
financial markets permits
them some degree of sway
in the city government
but that power i still quite
minimal. Forallintentsand
purposes, Rome is free of
Giovanni (andall Kindred)
manipulation.
Thesecond exception,
and one that angers the
Giovanni far more, is the
island of Malta. Currently
aBritishcolony,theisland's
long-standing ties to Italy
include it in the domain to which the Giovanni believe
they are entitled. The island is, however, the stronghold
of Don Antonio Cardona, a powerful elder Ventrue. He
and his brood have successfully warded off the questing
tendrils of the Giovanni for years. Some mysterious
barrier, possibly the work of Cardona's Tremere allies,
possibly of some more mysterious origin, wards Malta
from the eyes of the Necromancers' wraiths as well. The
Giovanni simmer with anger, and some of the ancillae of
quisition of Malta a personal
project, buttodate, the island remains irmly in Cardona's
(and, thus, Ventrue) hands.

Venice have made the

Giovanni influence extends far beyond Italy, how-
ever, even iftheir visible presence diminishessubstantially
beyond their native borders. Greece boasts a growing
Giovanni population. Atthistime, th
that region seem more concerned with avoiding atten-
tion than actually accomplishing anything. Their only

‘CHAPTER THO

omancersin

contact with the local Camarilla has been entirely cor-
dial. Some claim they were actually invited by Athens'
Malkavian prince, though what purpose he might have
had for iss

Malk:

is unel

ng such an invitation (assuming,

tohave had any purpose atall)

ian, he can be:

The Giovanni move slowly into Germany and Aus.
tria-Hungary as w«
Triple Alliance between those two nations and Italy

l, particularly in light of the new
Their efforts in Austria have gone largely unrewarded to
date. For rather obvious reasons, the Giovanni are leery
ofattracting the attention of the Tremere in the Witches'
own territory, but the lack of comparable sorcerous
‘opposition in Germany has
emboldened the Giovanni
somewhat. It can hardly be
said thatthe Necromancers
haves
thority here, for the
Camarilla's hold is both
ancient and firm, but they
have managed to insinuate

yoverwhelmingaw-

themselves into various as
pects of the mercantile
What influ

ence they have is used to

community

cement the alliance be
tween Germany and Italy,
asa strengthened relation
ship can only be good for
Italy's financial state, and
that makes it good for the

Giovanni.
TheNecromancersare
also fascinated by the growing banking industry in Swit-
zerland. By making several arrangements with Prince
Giess of Bern — it is relatively difficult for an outside
clan to move agents into nation as small as Switzerland
without attracting notice — the C

tained permission to "dabble" in several of these nascent

ovanni have ob-

organizations. Giess, whose expertise lies in the field of

Kindred bons and prestation, has not yer fully realized
the power the Giovanni can wield with their influence
over international banking. If and when she does, she
will no doubt attempe to expel the Giovanni from Swiss
banking or else demand a share of their influence, but by
that time, they may already be too heavily involved with
the banks for her to easily remove

The E:

experienc'

st Coast of the United States is currently
g the largest influx of immigrants since its
founding. The Italian population of major cities such as
New York grows ever larger, and the Giovanni, who


certainly reco an opportunity when they see it,
come with the immigrants. The Necromancers possess
only a relatively small amount of power in the United
States as of yet, but the Giovanni are patient. The
industry of this fledgling country grows in leaps and
bounds, and some already theorize that the world is
jonofaneventual global power.

The Giovanni, only too happy to provide loans to
Kindred and kine alike to fuel that expansion, fully
intend to be there to take advantage when the nation
reaches its potential

Wise Kindred avoid falling into this particular
trap, but many vampires still believe that all Giovanni
are, in fact, named Giovanni or, at least, that they
share a common ancestry. They do not r¢ e that the
clan has absorbed entire families into its body through
marriages and other, less wholesome, arrangements,
thus expanding not only its abilities, but also its terri-
tory

The Dunsimn, a family of Scottish bankers (who
alsohappened tobe cannibalseven before they became
vampires), hold substantial influence throughout Scot-
Jand and even in the financial centers of England and
Ireland. The Pisanob, too, grant the Giovanni new
territories—in this case, tracts of the South American
jungle and numerous impoverished villages. While
these hardly add to the Giovanni's fiscal might, the
Pisanob have access to ancient magics, and the spirits
of the region are powerful indeed.

Interests

The Giovanni are experts at putting on a unified

face when dealing with other clans, and there are

fact, specific objectives to which every member of the
n is expected to d

The truth, however, isth

of intrigue and personal ambition, with

factions and individual Kindred pursuing their

own goals, striving with one another for the

elders' favor. So long as these political maneu

vers do not threaten the

Augustus permits and even et

competition. 5
Pethaps the two most obvious clan-wide

endeavors re the searches for more political and *

morenecromantic power. Already well ensconced

in the banking and fiscal sectors of many nations;

the Giovanni potentially have more money at their

fingertips than any other clan except the Ventrue, but

it'snot enough. The Ventrue have allies, and they havé

had thousands of years in which to establish their

presence. The Giovanni have neither. Ifthe clan is to


104

survive into the 20th century and beyond, it must wield
more power than any other clan — for if conflict ever
cerupts, it will be far more than one clan that stands
against the Necromancer.
The Giovanni face something of adilemma in trying
toexpand their power. Mostof the industrialized nations
of the world already have a substantial Kindred presence
in their business arenas. The Camarilla sank its fangs
into mortal affairs from the first nights of its existence.
The Sabbat, though farlessconcerned with the kine, still
knows a powerful tool when it sees one.
all their member clans, are jealous of their authority and
are unlikely to share with an outsider. The Giovanni
already held much of Italy's financial might before be-
coming Kindred, and they have parlayed that influence
— through favors granted, hostile bu
called in — into a certain amount of power in those
ions that deal with Italian merchants and businesses
Theie ghostly spies grant them a further edge, knowledg
of their rival's plans, strengths and weaknesses. Never-
theless, growth of Giovanni mercantile interes
signs of slowing in re

Both sects, and

showed
nt decades.
Nolonger. With the emergence ofthe United States
a growing industrial power in the years prior to its civil
war, the Giovanni developed a new approach. The
Camarilla is mighty inde jonal domains,
but it is not quick to recognize new opportunity. When
the Giovanni seek to establish influence over a growing
region, such as the US or developing communities

in its tradi

Tearing the Shroud

Although even most Giovanni are ignorant of
such things, Augustus and the elders of the clan have
a specific purpose in mind for the clan's growing
power, both financial and mystical: These elders seek
nothing less than the destruction of the barrier that
separate this world form thenextand divide life from
death. With the Shroud tom down, they believe,
Giovanni mastery ofthe spirits of the dead will grant
them uncontested dominion over this world.

‘Augustus and his brood know that they still lack
the power to attempt this act of ultimate destruction.
Their control over the dead is not yet absolute; their
financial might not yetsufficiencto topplecivilization
as it stands. Some of the Giovanni elders are not as
patient as their founder, however, and more thanone
faction of the clan constantly seeks ways to expedite
the process. Should they succeed, Gehenna itself —
still a distant threat to the Kindred of the Victorian
‘Age —may well come early.

CHAPTER TWO

throughout Europe, they face not the gathered strength
ofan ancient sect, but individual Kindred attempting to
seize new ground. The Necromancers have the resources,
to grant enormous assets toa nascent business or even to
prop up a shaky government, and all they ask isa small
percentage of ownership. As the 19th century draws toa
close, as younger nations rise to stand beside or even
supplant the powers of old, the Giovanni once more see
their star on the rise.

Giovanni efforts toward increasing their necroman
tic faculties are less visible. Unlike many other
occult-oriented clans, the Giovanni do not scour the
globe for ancient secrets. They developed their own
powers, invented their own style of Necromancy, and by
God, they'll improve on it in the same way. Experimen
tation, not research,
by and large, a successful one. The clan frequently
wthods for

the Giovanni approach, and it is,

develops new powers, new rituals and new
contacting and controlling the dead. Its body of lore is
still not nearly so large as the Thaumaturgy of the
Tremere or even the sorcery of the Serites, but it grows
at afar faster rate.

sek out new forms of

are willing enough

While they do not specifically
Necromancy, however, the Giov
jopt them when they are discovered by accident
The Pisanob, a South American branch of the Giovanni
that was Embraced into the clan in the 16th century, was
assimilated in order to obtain their own powers over the
dead. They are one of the few sub-families adopted for
that purpose. Most others, such as the Scottish Dunsin,
aken in because of their financial acumen and
tions.

In fact, a small but vital group of Giovanni, led by
Isabel Giovanni and consisting mostly of younger, bus:
ness-savvy ancillae and neonates, has been tasked by
Au himself with the duty of seeking out new
families who might prove both useful to the Giovanni
and depraved or power-hungry enough to function as
part of the clan. They have found few viable candidates
inthe years since the Dunsim became partof the fold, but
the vampires have their eyes on several families that
seem to have potential, including some in the United
States.

Particularly in the United States, but also in Eastern
Europe where Camarilladomain gives way to the ancient
territories of the Teimisce lords, one faction of the clan
accumulates wealth and favors by offering its services to
both sides of the Camarilla/Sabbat conflict. Its wraiths
spy on thi
that the Giovanni then sell to the other. Of course, as
neither the Camarilla nor the Sabbat has the means of
determining the veracity of such information, the

activities of one sect, revealing information


Iso been known to sell false intelli-
rative if dangerous endeavor. Especially in
k the resources of
their East Coast and European brethren, the Giovanni
are pleased to supply capital and
weaponry during sieges and other brief but violent peri-
odsofopen conflict,
Thissort of activity techni
in removed from Kindred affairs, but as
their neutrality is maintained (they work for both sides,
after all), and as they already hold enough boons and
favors to make unlife troublesome for those with whom.
they have dealt, no one is likely to penalize them for the
breach any time soon.

The Necromancers hardly lim
gathering capabilities to the Kindred. Their wraiths
bring them vital intelligence on the activities of mortal
concerns as well. Governments, businesses and militar-
ies all have secrets they wish to keep. That means that
there are those willing to pay for those secrets. The
Giovanni gladly sell or trade such information to rival
governmentsand businesses, dragging their "customers"
deeper and deeper into their debt, and thus, the clan's
influence over the kine grows ever stronger.

n equipment and

re consideration.
the clan'sagree-
ment to rer

their intelligence-

Despite, or perhaps because of, the clan's mystical
expertise, the Giovanni are no more immune to the
‘occult fascinations of the Victorian era than anyone
else. Several small factions have appeared within the
clan, determined to stretch the boundaries of what is
believed possible with Necromancy. One favorite theory
among the clan's younger members states that vampires
are, in fact, nothing more than the spirits of the dead
‘once again inhabiting their own bodies. If this is true,
these Giovanni maintain, then it should be possible,
with the proper study and training, to use Necromancy
on Kindred, not just on wraiths! They point to the clan's
faculty with Dominate, a Discipline that can control
other vampires, as supportive evidence. Most elders of
the clan scoff at the theory, but they allow their younger
brethren to pursue their research, and even support them
just on the off chance that there
ay be some truth to it.

onan occasional b:

Weird Science

Readers familiar with the history and rules of the
‘Vampire game and the World of Darkness know thar,
officially, both these theories are so much hogwash. On
the other hand, who cares about "officially"?

Your chronicle is your own, atid your plots are
limited only by your ideas, nor byourrules. Let either
‘or both of these theories have some basis in fact, if

youlike. Ir'll certainly give your players something to
think about.

Anotherequally controversial theory, with an equally
fanatic group of followers within the clan, maintains
that as the Underworld does not follow established laws
of physics, there is no reason to assume that time itself
hasany meaning there. These Necromancers have so far
failed in their attempts to contact spirits of those who
have yet to die, and thus gain a unique insight into the
years to come, but this hasn't stopped them from trying.
In their efforts toward increased influence through-
‘out kine society, the Giovanni have never been shy
about breaking mortal lav
that th
a viable arena unto itself, rather than simply a means to
some other end. In Sicily, what began overa century ago
as a simple extortion racket has become a criminal
organization with agents throughout all levels of bu
ness and government. Amadeo Schieri is credited with
being the first of the Giovanni to establish any real
degree of influence within one of these Mafia Familie
(though there were certainly others of the clan with
Mafia contacts before him), and he iscurrently in charge
of Giovanni efforts toward strengthe
not an easy task; most of the Mafia Fam
toworking with outsiders, even from among the Sicilian
population, and the organization is proving remarkably
resistant to manipulation by Kindred. Still, Schieri and
his associates have seen first hand the potential power
and profit inherent in such an organization. If the
Giovanni are unable to build their influence any further
in the Mafia, the clan may soon rua similar large
smuggling and extortion operations on their own.

but itis only in recent years
in has begun to consider crimina

ing those ties. Itis,
jes are resistant

cale

Kou seem Petermined to Pre rather than cooperate with us.
assure you, that is not an either/or proposition.
— Wnaziella Ratane, Gioranni matron

THE CLANS:


responses involving Gypsies, lies, theft and other
Even a society that (nominally) accepts such equally unpleasant epithets. The Ravnosare nota
hideous creatures as the Nosferatu and e factor in Kindred politics and only rarely in Kin-

such as the Malkavians must have its outcasts, its dred war. They are scoffed at, stepped on, driven

pariahs. If he Ravnos did not exist already, the

indred might well have to create them.
Sneak thieves and vagrants, liars and
cheats, itinerant wanderers and slip
pery con artists, this clan of nomads
servesas the dumping ground for Kin-
dred prejudice. Like the Gypsies with
whom they are so often connected
—in the minds of their hosts, ifnot
always in reality — the Ravnos find
that they are welcome nowhe
tenfornobetterr
they are welcomed nowhere.

Andllike those Gypsies, there

are justenough Ravnos who play

to type, who reinforce those

prejudices by displaying the
worstofKindred behavior, that
those who do not will never be

able toshed the stigma of their
Embrace into the "wrong"
clan
Yet the Ravnos are not so

easily dismissed as most Kindred
would believe — a lesson their op-
pressors throughout Europe, and the

Samarilla invaders in India, are start-
ing to learn all too wel.

Overview
‘Were one to ask an average vampire (as-

suming there is such a thing) about the
Ravnos, one would undoubtedly receive

CHAPTER TWO

forth; the Camarilla especially treats the Ravnos
much as the Westen nations of Europe treat
their Gypsy "cousins." Surely, no single
‘group of Kindred, save perhaps the Cai
tiff, suffers less respect than the Ravnos.
Thisis, of course, because the Kin:

dred have no idea what it is they're

truly dealing with.

It would not be entirely inaccu-

rate to claim that there are, in fact,

not one, but two separate Ravnos
bloodlines. The first presents the

face of the clan known to most of

nts and wan

derers, nomads who leave all sorts

of trouble in their wake and who

are hardly worth the effort

required to drive off. The

other half of the clan, one

that has remained almost hidden

for centuries, i, in fact, the larger
branch. The Indian Ravnos, who

most the entirety of the

sya (merchant) caste,

as well as a large portion of the
Kshattiya (warrior) caste, oper

sa far more cohesive unit —

dit seems that most of their
efforts are aimed at driving the
rilla out of their native lands
Despite the prevalent stereotype, re
tively few Ravnosfindacceptance
amongst the Gypsy families


(though those who do are often fanatical about protect
ing their "hosts" from poaching by other vampires).
Many of the newest Embraces are not even of Gypsy
stock. The Gypsy connection comes instead from shared
attitudes and ideas. The Ravnos are renowne:
I of which are applied
equally, justified or not, to most Gypsies. The Ravnosare
also largely nomadic. While some find themselves un-
able tofindacceptance and, thus, remain vagrantsthrough
no desire of their own, the majority of this branch of the
clan prefers an unlife of wandering.

as trick-
sters, deceivers and thieves, a

The Ravnos do not, of course, view themselves as
thieves or liars. More accurately, they don't view such
titles with the same negative connotations as most
Western minds do, be they Kindred orkine. The Ravnos
have, to the last, an insurmountable need to flout the
rules and conventions by which others live, to force
others to see the world in a different light (even if that
"different light" is something as mundane as "Damn it,
my favorite necklace is missing!"). Most believe —
though ivis, for many, an unconscious belief, instilled in
them through the powerof the very blood that Embraced
them — that constant change is the proper state of the
world and that only through continual alteration of their
environment and the laws of man and God can they
make amends for their own unchanging, unnatural con-
dition.

ome among the Deceivers take that belief a step
furtherstill, maintaining that the only way to restore the
world to its natural state is to eliminate the static,
unchanging Kindred entirely. Few Ravnos truly believe
this doctrine of murder and genocide, but those who do
make unlife that much more difficult for their less homi-
cidal brethren.

This is not to say, of course, that the Ravnos are
above profiting from their larcenous ways. Most are
largely unaware that their urge ny source
beyond their own greed, and they remain, first and
foremost, concerned with their own advancement, not

come from

with some metaphysical belief in the condition of the
world around them.

Particularly in the Victorian era, a time of stringent
social taboos and structured life (and unlife), the Ravnos
take great delight in stirring things up. A single well
chosen lie, clever theft or creative illusion can utterly

inded socialite

narilla princes
st the worst of

destroy the reputation of the most hig!

or tradition-bound Kindred. Nor are
likely to take punitive actions, sav

offenders, for they know too well the Ravnos tradition of

ation. The wise prince prefers to bite his lip and

r the short-term agg single Ravnos pass-

ing through, rather than risk the far greater chaos of an

entire coterie of the Deceivers launching a deliberate
assault on his domain's stability.

Whereas the "Gypsy" Ravnos rarely act in concert
—except for those aforementioned invasions of ahostile
the Indian branch of the clan has far more
unity of purpose. Most of the native Ravnos are strongly
‘opposed to the Camarilla presence in Indi
battle alongside many other Indian clans (including the
Daitya Setites and a number of native Ventrue) to drive
them out. Here, their illusions and skills at theft and
deception are weapons of

prince's city

ind they

ar, not mere tools of self.
advancement or humiliation. Through tactics as subtle
asdisseminating misinformation through the careful use
of Chimerstry and well-planned lies to direct assaults by
warriors and demons that are only partially illusory, the
Ravnos have become a substantial threat to the British
invaders. The Camarilla Kindred, far more accustomed
to the continental branch of the clan, never anticipated
fiective" aclan and
have so far proven fatally slow in reacting to the Ravnos'
methods.

Considering their disdain for the stagnant Kindred
society, itis litle surprs
precious little use for either sect. The Camarilla is the
worst offender when it comes to stagnating Kindred (and
mortal) development, to say nothing of the ponderous
number of laws Camarilla Kindred are forced to obey

such powerful resistance from s0 i

that the Western Ravnos have

upon pain of ostracism, blood bond or Final Death, laws
the Ravnos could never tolerate. On the other side of the

war, the Sabbat's fa
appearing to bring about the sorts of changes of which
the Ravnos might well approve, in fact, succeeds only in
perpetuating a vicious and bloody cycle. Of course, the
Camarilla wants the Ravnosaboutasmuch asthe Ravnos
want them, ands the Sabbat accepts only those who are
just as bloody minded, everyone is largely content with
the clan's lack of pol

The Indian Ravnos, on the other hand, are far more
willing to cooperate with outsiders, as the Indian caste
system throws numerous Kindred of multiple clans to-
gether as brothers in faith. They are, however, no more
likely than their brethren to join either of the primary

imply because these sects are already counted as
the enemy,

It is worth noting that the two branches of the
Raynos clan rarely interact and that they tend not to get
along well when they do. The nomadic Ravnos find they
have little in common with the Indians —and even that
their Indian cousins have become an integral part of the
status quo on the subcontinent, a portion of the "estab-
lishment" that the Ravnos so vehemently loathe. The
Indian Ravnos, on the other hand, find their itinerant

THECLANS

cination with violence, though

I ties.


clanmates lacking in purpose and discipline, not to
mention traitors to their faith and homeland. This mu-
tual dislike rarely displays itselfas open conflict. Rather,
both sides are likely to either coldly ignore one another
‘orto prank and harass each other until one gives up and
leaves (or, rarely, until the contest becomes deadly). For
all that, Ravnos from either side of the clan will bury
theirmutu onism and work together in the face of
an outside threat. Whatever else they may be, they are
still Ravnos.

Domain

Most Camarilla Kindred would find the notion of
Ravnos domain to be an alien concept. The Deceivers
\derers, vagabonds. Call them what you
will, they do not even possess stable havens, let alone

are nomads,
sufficient power in any one region to claim any sort of
clan dominion. Some of those Kindred, particularly in
Egypt and Eastern Europe, are slowly realizing how
wrong that assessment is.

The Indian Ravnos are more likely than their cous-
ins to claim particular territory as @ unit. Many clans
have members native to India, but the Ravnos (who
originally hail from that region, according to cultural
origin theories) represent one of the largest, if not the
largest, Indian clans. The Ravnoshave membersthrough-
out the castes, but they are found primarily amongst the
Kshatriya and the Vaisya and, assuch, occupy something
of amiddle ground in Indian Kindred society. While the
Brahmin priestly caste ishigher than most of the Ravnos,
the Indian Deceivers still hold substantial power on the
cupied by British
Kindred have Ravnos coteries dwelling in them, and
even the largest of India's cities boast Ravnos amongst

subcontinent. Many towns not yet 0

their "rebellious" natives (though most of these "resis:
tance movements" consist of Daitya Setites, Brujah,
Ventrue, Nosferatu and occasional hired or sympathetic
Assamites more than they do Ravnes).

The greatest strength of the Indian Ravnos is in the
wilds of the subcontinent, in tiny villages the British
have yet to discover. While they leave true religious
practice largely to the Brahmin, the Ravnos have no
compunctions about using the faithful kine as weapons
in theirwar. Many of the British Kindred believe that the
Assamites have infiltrated numerous Indian cultssuch as
the Thuggee, to use them as soldiers
Kindredand kine alike. Whilenosingle true
control over the Thuggee (which has gone underground
since the British supposedly exterminated it in the 1840s),
it would be closer to the truth to say that the Ravnos,
rather than the Assamites or anyone else, has the great-
st involvement with that cult. Not that a cult of ritual

CHAPTER TWO

stranglers is much good against Kindred, of course, but it
works well against the ghouls and other servants of those
Kindred. Many of the Ravnos have contaets within the
Indian royalty, and one particular vampire, called
Surarihan, is said to hold several of the Indian rajas in
blood thrall. This power is far more limited th:
was, however, as the Indians themselves no longer gov-
cer their own land.

once it

The domains of the Western Ravnos are far less
easily defined, but this doesn't mean they aren't to be
found. In Eastern Europe, particularly in the wilds of
Transylvania, some coteries of Ravnos still maintain
agreements they and their grandsires have held with the
Taimisce since the Long Night. These Ravnos serve as
the traveling eyes and ears of various vampire lords,
gathering intellige
assassination. Although they hold little direct authority
on their own, a word to their masters can alter the course

and performing the occasional

of governments,

In Western Europe and across the British Isles, the
Gypsiestravel
do indeed move with them. Others wander the countries

theircolorful wagons, and some Ravnos

alone or in small Ravnos coteries. Some Ravnos have
even made their havens with some of the traveling
circuses that have become popular within the past de-
cades. These hardly qualify as "domains" in their own
right, but they provide a means of traveling through the
territory of othersand, in the case of the circuses or Gypsy
caravans, a mobile herd upon which the Ravnos may
allow others to feed, for a price

The Ravnos presence in the Americas is growing,
though at present, more Sabbat Ravnos stalk the New
World than do members of the main clan. Those Ravnos
traveling the United States either make their way in
small groups or traveling shows or else wander out west
where the princes have little choice but to tolerate their
presence. Several small cownsalong the frontier are even
dominated by the Ravnos, usurped from Camarilla Kin
dred who simply did not have sufficient resources to hold
power. Until the sect grows arstronger in this part of the
nation, these enterprising Ravnos fear litle in the way of
reprisals. A large number of Ravnos grew wealthy by
involving themselves in slavery until the end of the Civil
War. These Dec
victims to those Kindred who either requi
source of blood orelse seek ghouls ofa particular ethnicity
or nationality. Some Ravnos still dwell among the In
dian tribes, and a small bloodline of Indian (chat is,
Native American) Ravnos now flourishes on the West
em frontier.

now use their contacts to smu
a specific


Interests

Taken as a whole, the Ravnos are easily the least
focused of the independent clans. Although the
Assamites, the Followers of Set and the Giovanni are
made up of individuals first and foremost, and far less
unified than public perception would have it, the truth
remains that they have goals and objectives that oc.
cupy at least large portions of the clans. The Ravnos,
asaclan, lack such a unity of purpose, but this doesn't
mean that there aren't interests that occupy the atten
tion of many of the clan's members

The Indian Ravnos come much closer to such
unity than their nomadic brethren. The vast majority
of the subcontinent's Deceivers are actively ged
in the battle against European and, specifically,
Camarilla encroachment. Throt out India, as mem-
bers of both the warrior and mercantile castes, the
Raynos stand on the front lines of that conflict. They
serve as soldiers, spies, saboteurs, couriers and equip-
ment smugglers — whatever the effort requires of
them. The Ravnos, fully aware that they cannot chal.
lenge the might of the Ivory Tower directly, are not
averse to usi error tactics. In Bombay, the Ravnos
Rukhmini Kumari practices frequent assassination,
not of Kindred, but of those whom the Kindred would
use. In her eyes, mere contact with the city's
prince orhis primogen isa capital offense for Bombay's
kine, and the Camarilla Kindred of the city dread to be
seen openly dealing with any mortals, for fear their
allies and contacts willbe sain. The Daitya Sundervere
prefers the company of his fellow Setites, buthe has a

coterie of Ravnos agents at his disposal, and the

illusory terrors they have cr t hiscommand have
sent several Kindred deep into Rétschreck, even
driving one Malkavian archon to suicide.
Ravnos activities in India are not limited to
battle with the Camarilla, of course. On the east {
side of the nation, they wage as violent a conflict
with the Cathayans of the Orient. Unlike the
struggle against the British Kindred, this seems to
be less a concern for other Indian vampires. That
is, the conflict appears to be one of Ravnos
versus Cathayan, rather than all Indian Kin-
dred versus Cathayans. The source of this
conflict is buried in ancient history, un
known toany but the most ancient of Ravnos,
and they hardly speak freely of it. Were the
Ravnos not already one of the largest clans
of India, the rigors of a war on two fronts would
likely have destroyed this branch of the clan by now
Even with two enemies, the Indian Ravnos do not
spend every waking moment at war. As a part of the


110

Indian caste system — albeit a strange and twisted
version of it— they have duties to society asa whole and
cotheir Kindred brethren in particular. Those Ravnos of
the Kshatriya caste are bound to serve the Brahmin;
many fill the same niche that sheriffs, scourges and
archons fill in Camarilla society (a prospect that most
Western Ravnos would view with unmitigated horror).
The duties of the Vaisya Ravnos are somewhat less well
defined but tend to involve interaction with mortal
particularly in
terms of kine governments and businesses. The Ravnos

society on behalf of other Kindred

in India wield power over
mortal institutions that
would make many Ventrue
insanely envious.

The Camarilla has al
lies in India, however,
Traitorsin the eyesof their
clanmates, a small but
significant number of In-
dian Ravnos choose to
cooperate with the invad:

Like

collaboratorsin the Indian

government, they see not
the destruction of their
native culture, but the
riches and political gain
the British place before
them on asilver platter. If
their homeland is doomed
tofall, these Ravnos main-
tain, should wenotatleast
place ourselves highly in
the new order?
These collaborators
often have less time than
they would like to enjoy their newfound wealth and
power, as the other Indian Kindred tend toslay them out

of patriotism or territoriality. Still, their presence makes,

matters somewhat easier for the Camarilla and substan
tially more difficult for the Indian resistance.

The Ravnos of the rest of the world are both less
respected and far less focused than their Indian counter:
parts. Most seek little more than the freedom to travel
where they will and the means to acquire whatever
wealth and creature comforts they desire. Others do.
indeed find a purpose in unlife, however, and the nor-
mally capricious Ravnos then prove capable of pursuing,
a specific goal with unrelenting zeal.

Some Ravnos follow the Path of Paradox, a Path of
Enlightenment transplanted from their Indian home-

CHAPTER TWO

land. That the current form practiced by many Ravnos is
horribly corrupted from what it once was is unknown to
most of its practitioners, many of whom would hardly
care even if they knew. Some of these extremist Ravnos.
use their religious beliefs as an excuse for slaying, even
diablerizing, other Kindred. These ravening Deceivers,
who often travel in packs, can be far more dat
than even an Assamite, for while they share the Arabian
Kindred's thirst for the blood of their brethren, they lack
the code of honor that restrains the assassins. While
some of these Ravnos have long since joined with like
minded Kindred in the Sabbat, several independent
coteries still wander
throughout the cities of
Western Europe, the Brit
ish Isles and even the

Most
princes will not take pre-

United. States,

emptive measures against
Raynos in their domains,
for fear of retaliation. By
the time they realize that
these particular Ravnos
are far deadlier than the
norm, the killers have al
ready struck at several of
the native Kindred and
moved on.

In England, where
Gypsies have never been
particularly welcome, the
Victorian fascination
with che occult has re-
sulted in unexpected
opportunities. Gypsies
have a reputation as mys-
tics, and this reputation is

now attracting members of high society who would, in
the past, have turned up their noses at the mere mention
of "the unclean vagrants." Unlike several other clans
involved in the occult movement, most Ravnos have no
interest at all in unearthing ancient secrets of magic

They hav

themoney and the power offered by rich and foolish kine

xreat deal of interest, on the other hand, in

willing to pay almost anything for "spiritual enlighten
ment." Many cults and secret societies have sprung up
around ambitious Ravnos; the illusions made possible by
even a minor faculty with Chimerstry are enough to
"prove" their occult powers to the ignorant. Particularly
adept at such frauds is Tobar Pompa, who has founded,
fleeced and then abandoned no fewer than four such
cults in the span of 15 years. Not only has he made


multiple fortune
but the influenc:

all of which he has since squandered),
nted him by his w
ful cultists has enabled him to seize power from many
established Camarilla Kindred. Pompa, who travels con
stantly throughout the British Isles and Western Europe,
ishailed asa hero by many Ravnos, who constantly seek
to emulate his exploits
‘The Ravnos of Eastern Europe, where Gypsies are far
more common if not necessarily more welcome, are even
less influential than those in the W
the greater part of their efforts toward simple survival
Many have contacts in
Rom
the power

Iehy and power-

and often devote

\d Transylvanian towns, but the majority of
the region is held either by powerful
Ventrue princes orby terrifying Tzimisce lords. Here, the
Ravnos are granted far less leeway than they have else
‘especially have nopatience
with the Ravnos and precious litle fear of reta
Deceivers who
simply capture
ties. Those who arrive to r.
additional raw material

wher
ce themselves too aggravating are
ced into hideous monstrosi-

aliate are often added as

The Ravnos whodo claim powerin thisregiondoso,
ng those selfsame lords. As
sce (or, less frequently, Ventrue) masters,
psy
avnos have an information
, locally, is on par with anything the
Nosferatu might man:
and Transylvani

of a Deceiver. In exchange for this informa

their ability to blend in where their masters

these Ravnos are permitted to dwell in the shadows of
Trimisce castles that have stood unchanged since the
lark ages. Of course, pret

lords' only ey

Ravnos have complete control over what their m:
learn. This ability to alter and shape their masters' view
of the world grants these Ravnos

asmentioned above, by
agents of Ta
their contacts
prove invaluable. These

thin the villages and the miles

network thi
sin Romania

far more power in

Ml

vnos find, as do so many others, that the
rovides them their greatest opportunity
Even on the East
so firmly entrenched as itis in Europe; in the W
Camarilla might as well not exist at all in any but the
largest cities. Some particularly flamboyant Ravnoshave
fallen in love with the image of the American outlaw,
robbing trains gecoaches
can find that still has people present after dark. The so-
called Starlight Kid

ranks of famous ou

the

ind any establishment they

well on his way to joining the
sssuch as Jesse James and Billy the
Kid until he tried to rob the wrong train and was torn
asunder by a Lupine traveling to Kansas.

Even in the Wild West, most Ravnos are far less
overt in their activities. Masters of illusion find them
selves particularly adep
of gambling, however,
mining towns and n:

e c nos. Furthermo
reservations have become havens to small Ravnos cote-
ries, who find in the natives a spirit somewhat akin to
their own. This doesn't mean they don't mistreat the
Indians.as much as they do any other kine; rather that

with those who tra
these

«dother popular forms

al saloons in various
nt cities are, in fact, owned by
several Indian

among the Gypsies, they consider
"thei" mortals.

Despite their general disdain forall thingsCamarilla,
some Ravnos across the United States have taken to
assisting local princes, offering advice, curtailing their
normally disruptive a
offering their services as sp
rival interests. These R:
they are unlikely to prevent the Ivory Tower from taking
rootin Ameri allies with
the American Camarilla now, in its time of instability
kness, they will b
nd favors — and claims of leniency — further
down the road,

vities and ev casionally
or other
nos have come to that

However, ifthey can becom:

and we able to collect on all sorts of

‘You STEAL THE aloes oF THE Living ayo "You CALL

us PHIEVES. You Woe FROM THE CYES OF MEN 2

iD "YOUR,

PRECIOUS NASOUECRADE* ano you CALL US OECEIVERS. iF We

ARE DIEFERGNT FROM YOUR IT Is QHLY Because WERAVE THE

"WILL TO ACCEPT RATHER PHAN agly+ War We ARG.
— GeV orgeaxor galpios ANATREMG

THECLANS




This chapter builds on the information in the Vampire: The Masquer-
ade core book, giving you the tools you need to craft not just a new character,
but a Victorian. The process of creating a character is the same. Only the
setting is different.

Getting Started

Those players with a great deal of experience inventing the vampires of
the modern World of Darkness (as opposed to the Victorian era) should
reexamine their method when creating Victorian vampires. Even the most
wildly creative bunch of players could be thrown off by a historical chronicle.
The monster may be the same, but the context has changed. By going
carefully through the process, you may find yourself making unusual choices,
during steps you typically breeze through.

Likewise, even if your troupe isin the habit of making characters without
the direct supervision of the Storyteller, you might wish to create your new
coterie or conspiracy as a group in the presence of the Storyteller. Any
chronicle carries the risk that assumptions are being made about the tone of
thesetting, the direction of the storylineor the goals of the characters. Unless
the troupe addresses these assumptions before the chronicle begins, gulf.can
form between the various characters and their motives. A change of century
and continent increases the chance that your assumptions will be substan-
tially different from those of your fellow players and amplifies the effects of
those assumptions on your game.

‘The Victorian age is removed one step further from the stage of most World
of Darkness chronicles, and itis the Storytellers vision of thisnew stage that you
will have toact on, Without a common view ofthis imaginary world to tap into,
your troupe won't be able to communicate clearly, and the chronicle could drift
apart before it begins. Without a clear, shared view of the dark Victorian world
you'll be playing in, the delicate collective imagination of your troupe may
become confused and break down. Besure youand the other playersare all on the
same stage, the stage designed by the Storyteller.

At the same time, don't let just one single vision of Queen Victoria's
Kindred strangle your creativity, especially if it's your own vision. The
character sheet is nota history quiz, Finda balance between the historical era
and the horror genre that you want to explore. Work with the troupe to find
aplace for your character in the coterie and the chronicle. You are the writer
and theactorfor your characterand the audience toevery otherplayer in your
game, but this isn't really theatre. Noone should be stuck playing a character
they're not interested in exploring every session for the sake of the story

New players should not be intimidated by the historical setting of
Victorian Age: Vampire. This classic milieu for vampire stories is an
excellent opportunity to bring new blood to the gaming table. The vampire,

nd its curse of inevitable duality, is an intuitive part of the Victorian
Zeitgeist. Modern authors and audiences continue toassociate vampires with
gaslights, fog, great cloaks and horse-drawn carriages. This men

tion between Victorians and vampires can guide new players smoothly

through the character-creation process and into the chronicle. Iteven allows
players to sacrifice a bit of the subtlety emphasized so heavily in the modern,
setting — a Kindred in a frock coat, theater gloves and top hat is going to

tract attention stalking the streets of Chicago in 2002, but he'll be right at
home in London circa 1890.


New ideas create.a more thrilling game world, whether
v players or new directions you take asa
troupe. Nomatterhowit'sdone, i'simportanttoreconsider
the processes you go through when you begin your Vampire
chronicle, even if your processes don't actually end up
changing. Thus, your Victorian Age: Vampire chronicle
may avoid becoming just a repeat of your modern-day
chronicle with capes and sword canes.

they come from

Step One: Character Concept

There is no idea factory. There is no catalog you can
skim through in search of the perfect character to play.
There is no reliable formula for a great Vampire charac-
ter. The next best thing is to combine your imagination
with the game mechanics rounding the
vampire myth. That's the fuel. Somewhere in these next
five steps, something should strike a spark.

nd lore st

Concept
By not incorporating the Victorian mystique into
your character, you are ignoring the wonderful potential
of this game. Putting your Tremere in a cape (or a
different cape, as the case may be) does not take advan-
tage of the setting. The vampires as a mo:
revived from superstition by Victorian authors because it
was an excellent metaphor for the times. Since then, a
great wealth of stories, novels and films
produced that you can mine for ideas or inspiration,
Approach the character concept from any direction
asa historical character,
pite legend or as a Vampire
your character acts as your voice in the game world. If

ter was

have been

\s an examination of the vam-

yaracter. Remember that
there is some facet of Victorian society you'd like to
mine, be it early neurology or horse racing, include it

ur character concept

the Storyteller to find out just how much historical fat she is
willingtomanage orthe chronicle. Thinktwice before youroot
yourcharactertooclosely in real history. Youwanttocreate your
own stories, not repeat history.

Rather than making your character a vampiric Jack
the Ripper, consider a vampire who is just as fascinated
by this strange turn in human crime as the mortals are.
Perhaps your character is a Nosferatu or a Tremere who
follows that infamous case closely, eavesdropping on the
police, terrified of finding some arcane monster behind
the first serial killer in history. This character concept is
more subtle, more in tune with the themes of Vampire in
general and suggests a unique story. Your characteris still
focused on the legendary murders, but his story will be
yours for the telling, invisible to history and wonderfully

impossible to disprove. The Victorian age is the setting,
remember, and not the story.

‘One method of drawing a character from vampire
legend is to stare with the familiar and, then, redefine it
Consider the Dracula-Renfield relationship, long since a
staple of vampire stories (and more than a few Vampire
stories). Imagine f hat dynamic was reversed! and Renfield
was the monster. Suppose your character is a brilliant
Malkavian with retainers throughout the metropolitan
sanitarium. He dwells deep inside the asylum in a cell with
no windows, coming and going as he pleases. As part of his
elaborate masquerade, this Malkavian even hasaghoul who
fills the Dracula role to throw hunters off his scent

If you're unsure how to approach your Victorian
concept, it's possible to create a perfectly modern Vam-
pire character (staying away from Abilities such as
Computer and Drive) as a framework you can "color in
later with Victorian age details. This will give you a
strong handle on your character before you approach the
chronicle — but possibly at the expense of immersion.
Your character will likely begin play without an\
ties to the setting or the chronicle and some Traits,
especially Backgrounds, may be a
Storyteller. But at least you'll be playing.

Clan

Theclansof Vietorian Age: Vampire are subtly dffer-
ent from those presented in Vampire: The Masquerade.
Before you just select a clan from memory,
Chapter Two again, consider the clans in their Victorian
context, and make your choice. As usual, the Storyteller
may determine which clans ifany, youshould choose from.

trong

the mercy of the

kim through

Nature and Demeanor
Personality Archety
The Masquerade and operate the same
Remember that nd Demeanor
serve as an intersection for you to begin exploring your

Archetypes)

are explained in Vampire:

this milieu.
ature just meant to
character. They are not fixed or absolute descriptors of
your character, so don't be shy.

The duality of character symbolized by the Archetypes
is especially appropriate in Victorian Age: Vampire. Vic-
toriansareastrictly private people, borderingon xenophobic.
Presentation is so important that most people behave at
least somewhat contrary to theie personalities. Protocol of
theeraissorigid that Victorianshave ahistorical reputation
for being boring, sexless prudes, when, really, the opposite
is true. It's as if all Victorian society has one face for the
public and one face for itself

This era has a profound impact on the Masquerade.
Privacy is so closely guarded that vampires often find it

easy to infiltrate mortal society using protocol as cover.

‘CHARACTERS:


Besides, plenty of monsters lurk behind closed doors of
the era to distract from superstitions of vampires.

Step Two: Select Attributes

Perform this step as explained in Vampire: The
Masquerade. Players should place seven dots in their
character's primary group of Attributes. The secondary
group of Attributes receives five dots, and the tertiary
group receives three dots.

Step Three: Select Abilities

This step is likewise detailed in Vampire: The
Masquerade. Prioritize the three groups of Abilities into
primary, secondary and tertiary roles. The prim:
receives thirteen dots, the secondary group receiv
dots, and the tertiary receives five dots. No single Ability
can be rated above three dots at this stage. Freebie points,
may be spent to raise Abilities

Most of the Abilities that modern Kindred find
useful were also found useful in Victoria's nights. Things
seemed different, butas many elders will attest, Western,
not changed so much. Only a few Ab
tered for use in Victorian Age: Vampire.

civilization hi
tieshave beer

They are dealt with on page 119.

Step Four: Select Advantages

Your character has become a distinct Victorian
individual. Now, he
process orselecting Advantages isthe same as explained
in Vampire: The Masquerade, Some of the Advantages
carry slightly different connotations, however. For more
on this, see page 122.

ill become a distinct vampire. The

Disciplines

Characters begin play with three dots of Disciplines.
Extra dots can be purchased with freebie points. Your
selection of starting Dis determined by your
clan, but dots in other Disciplines can be purchased with
freebie points during Step Five

lines

Backgrounds
Beginning Vampire characters receive five dots for
their Backgrounds. Freebie points may be spent to pur
chase more dots. Backgrounds quantify certain facets of
your character concept with game mechanics, so you
may spend your five dots on any Backgrounds you like.
It'sagood idea toselect Backgrounds that reflect the way
you want your character to be received by the other
characters in the world.
acter'sextemal
ind it's the external world that is

Backgrounds area measure of your
connections to the world,

‘CHAPTER THREE

so different from Vampire: The Masquerade. Inwandly,
vampires are inherently static and unchanging. Their age-
less undead bodies often lead to rigid personalities and
repeating routines. In th
growth, however, a vampire must adapt or perish. Thus, the
way you select Backgrounds for your Vampire character
must change. The old ways wor't fly anymore.

world of scientific and social

Virtues.

Virtues are selected in the manner described in
Vampire: The Masquerade. That gives you seven dots
to spend over three Virtues. In previous centuries, many
Kindred followed different moral Roads or Paths through
unlife in hopes of finding some greater purpose to their
existence. That practice is reversed in this era. By far,
most Victorian Age: Vampire characters begin with the
Conscience and Self-Control Virtues on the Path of
Humanity. For more on this, see page 124

Step Five: Last Touches
During this step, you determine your character's
Humanity and Willpower scores and starting blood pool.
you may also spend your 15 freebie points to make
finer adjustments to your character. After this, you may
choose to experiment with Merits and Flaws to further
detail your character's quirks.

Humanity

A character's Humanity rating is equal to his Con.
science + Self-Control Traits, determined before
adjustments from freebie points. For younger
(11th or 12th Gen
higher. Lower Generation vampires, especially elders
who are not well adapted to life among the changing
cities of the era, may have uncommonly low Humanity
scores resulting from many years of unlife spent well away

npires
ation), Humanity scores tend to be

from mortal eyes and mores.

Willpower

The Courage Virtue is the basis for a beginning
character's Willpowerscore. Thus, beginning Willpower
ratings range from I to 5. You are encouraged to raise this
Trait with freebies, however, as strength of will is espe
cially important for vampires, no matter the ea.

Blood Pool

Note that Victorian Age: Vampire characters begin
at 12th Generation and, therefore, have a larger blood
pool than normal Vampire characters. The one die roll
of character creation remains unchanged, however. Roll
a single die to determine the number of blood points at
your character's disposal when the story begins.


Freebie Doints

Freebie points function just as they do in Vampire:
‘The Masquerade. They continue to be invaluable to the
character-creation process. The cost,
dots in various Traits is listed below. Recall that freebie
points may be used to purchase dots in Disciplines other
than those offered by your clan (though Storytellers may
wish to restrict this expenditure). Consider how you
spend these points very carefully, however. The points
you've been given for every previous step of character
creation are spent just as they would be for any other
Kindred. How can you spend your freebie points to make
your monster an individual worth telling stories about?

freebie points, of

Freebie Points
Trait Cost
Attribute 5 per dot
Ability. 2.perdot
Discipline 7 perdot
Background 1 per dot
Virtue 2 per dor
Humanity | 2 per dot
Willpower "1 per dot

Dersonality
Archetypes: Nature
and Demeanor

Mortals invariably change the way they see themselves,
and the Kindred follow suit. Behavior results from this self
image, either as an outward display of feling or as a reactive
disguise to keep feelings hidden. The oldest Kindred say thisis,
the way mortals have always been. Personality Archetypes
might therefore seem to be limited and static dhroughout
hhuman civilization, but this isnot the case.

People find themselves swept up in the cultural move-
ments around them, impress their perceptions of the outside
world onto themselves and struggle to fit into societies that
constantly redefine themselves. The Archetypes presented in
Vampire: The Masquerade are also suitable for Victorian
Age: Vampire but are, by design, somewhat unspecific. Just as
Archerypesshouldevelopovertimetobettereflectacharacter's
‘unique personality, so too can they be reinvented to better
reflect the personality of an era. These new or altered Arche-
{ypesare intended to start characters off with a bitof Victorian
style, but they are not definitive. Your character shouldn't just
bea forward-looking Ventrue with an air ofbravura. Heshould

be the unique result of choices you make during the course of
storytelling with your troupe.

Consider the ways that your troupe can use Arche-
types to drive your coterie and form a cohesive vision of
the Victorian world. As you design your characters,
think about some ways your characters could be con-
nected by their Archetypes. Just as mortals gather for
reasons other than family and age, vampires do not
gather solely by clan or generation. Try to imagine
character connections that ar
setting, or try to color mundane connections with Vieto-
rian details. Connections founded on Archetypes feel
organic and lend themsel
ships with other characters.

Specific to the Victorian

easily to intuitive relation-

Imagine the relationship between a prostitute (Sur-
vivor) and the professor (Perfectionist) who employs her
to clear his head of distractions. How might their rela-
tionship change if they were Embraced? Consider the
classic pairing of an impetuousnobleman (Thrill-Secker)
and his wise butler (Traditionalist) filtered through the
vampire myth and developing for centuries. What of a
Caregiver Kindred physician who Embraces a Penitent
patient dying of consumption so that she may have
eternity to atone for her sins?

More practically, consider the social structures al
ready in place in Victorian culture to bring like-minded
persons together. Gentleman's clubs, though sometimes
based simply on proximity, are often based on common
interests and exploits. Rebels may find comrade
hellfire clubs, whereas Bon Vivants may encounter their
counterparts at a burlesque soiree. Universities
tums and even pauper lodging houses offer an array of
compelling connections that could bind a coterie to-
gether. Such organizations offer easy storytelling hooks
for the recovery of Willpower and a multitude of story
possibilities over the life of a chronicle.

Suppose a wealthy Ventrue founded a gentleman's
club for the purpose of feeding, selecting new progeny
and harvesting new retainers. A body of gentlemen with
similar Natures collect for casual conversation and fine
cigars. The Ventrue discovers the time he spends there
quite diverting (and gains back Willpower). What if your
coterie was made up of upstanding British gentlemen
Embraced by this Ventrue? What would happen when
the club began to use its own members for personal gain
(blood, money or Willpower)? What ifthe Ventrue were
suddenly removed from the equation? You'd have an
excellent microcosm of vampiric society to examine.

Artiste

The Artiste is interested in art for art's sake. The
ability to create is what elevates humans above the

(CHARACTERS

in the

muse-


animals. The Masters knew this and rejoiced not just in
the glory of human form, but in the gift of expression
given only to humans. The Artiste thrives on the recep-
jon ofher art—and usually the acceptance
of itas well. Poets, playwrights, painters, composers and
other such romantic demonstrative sorts are Artiste
Archetypes. They can typically be found in Parisian and
Budapest coffee or absinthe hous
dilapidated brothels or hostels serving as communes.
—Regain a point of Willpower whenever you man-
age to "reach" an audience through something you've
created. Ifthe audience is unreceptive or unmoved, you
ain nothing

university quadsand

Coward

The Coward fears himself above all. Whatever itis
at the heart of the Coward cannot be revealed, orhe will
be vulnerable to attack or rejection. This utter separa-
tion from the outside world is terrifying, thus the Coward
reveals morsels of his thoughts and feelings in hopes of
love and approval. The Coward longstobe validated and
accepted. Persons who seek out anonymous positions in
the clergy or in military and industrial sectors are often
of the Coward Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you reveal
somethingaboutyourselfwithoutbeinghurtorurterly revealed

Explorer
How can we claim to understand the world when so
much of it remains undocumented? The Explorer seeks
to better herself through a fuller understanding of her
often quickly grows bored and haslittleuse
ollections of things. The Explorer is not neces-
sarily interested in a physical journey across the globe

for large

‘She may satisfy her taste for exposure with a trip across
the pond to America, or she may simply wane to sample
food (or vitae...) and music. Dilettantes, sol-
merchants, artists, scientists and pioneers embody

the Explorer Archetype.
— Regain Willpower whenever you sample some-
thing or some place new. If you go too long, say a week,
‘without testing yourself or finding something that thrills,

you, lose one V + point to boredom.

Fatalist

The Fata inan inescapable force of destiny
The Positive Fatalist believes that life must be lived, even,
though the outcome is fixed. There is no point in shying
away from your existence, since what happens, happens
The Negative Fatalist feels the crushing weight of the
universe on him and knows that there is no escape. All of
the modern technology, the social reform and the artistic

‘CHAPTER THREE

re pointless. The Fatalist finds a boundless free-
dom or an unavoidable prison in his outlook. Fatalists are
often the survivors of great hardships, whether intemalized
or physically experienced.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever someone
else experiences your personal interpretation of Fate in
your presence. At the Storyteller's discretion, you may
also regain a pointof Willpower whenever you gain new
insight into the infinite simplicity of the universe through
some personal hardship.

Futurist

The Futurist revels in the magnificent unknown.
E ity is at the threshold of a wondrous and exciting
new age. That which is coming must be embraced. A
Futurist might delight in the am clopments of
technology and human endeavor, or he might set out to
discover new theories, principles and practices, often in
a manner similar to Celebrants. Fi
from the concept of manifest destiny and is sister to the

ng dey

ism developed

science-fiction genre, also born in this era. Scientists,
patrons, writers, teachers or any other forward-looking
sort are often of the Futurist Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you firs
come upon some progressive device or concept. Reading
about such things isn't enough. You have to meet people
and touch things. At the Storytellers discretion, you may
regain two Willpower points whenever you a
tribute to the creation of some futuristic development

tually con-

Outsider

The Outsider is something of a passive rebel, defin-
ing himself by the things he does not participate in. He
does not strive to bring down those social structures he
disagrees with. Instead, the Outsider examines those
for some way to reflect and unders
-vants,artists, criminals and vagrantsare the most
common Outsider Archetypes.
— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you dis-
something about yourself through the decisions
someone else makes, especially when those decisions are
different than those you made.

Questor
The Questor seeks to
will make sense of the world.

nd him-

cov

nd the one great answer that
fhso much suffering and
confusion all around her, the Questor wants simply to
understand. The Questor attempts to boil down all
quandaries and dilemmas to their root conflicts and
simplify all relationshipsintosomething digestible, man
age
rest and may quietly believe that happiness can come

le and surmountable. The Questor seldom feels at


ST |

i

only with an utter understanding of the world. Clergy-
men, scientists, contemplatives and spiritualists fulfil
the Questor Archetype.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever you reach
some concise life lesson that could become a rule of
thumb. This rule is inevitably disproved, but it's just
answers you seek, after all, not necessarily the truth

Adjusted Abilities

The impact of the Victorian setting on the game
mechanics of Vampire are slight but illustrative. Notice
that the vast majority of those Abilities you are already
familiar with are still available. This says something about
how you should approach the game setting and the game
mechanics. The Victorian worldview is modern enough
that Traits such as Security, Firearms and Medicine do not
need any mechanical adjustments. Don't worry about fid-
dling with the rules in search of some proper Victor
simulation. Ifthe Traits stand in the way of your visual
tion of foggy London alleys, then you are putting too much
weight those Traits. Years of playing in the modem nights
might have you assuming things about the Security Skill
that are just not relevant to this game. Rest assured, the
‘Vampire machine operates justas well by hissing gaslight as,
it does by strobing fluorescent light
Fir at a Ventrue who plays the violin like a
master in 1780 is still masterful in 1880. Similarly, a Brujah
who can finesse medieval locks will still be able to pick
Victorian locks. Characters are not necessarily required to
spend experience points to keep their Abilities current.
Instead, the simplest interpretation suggests that the focus
of the Abilities broadens with time and technology. So,
your Brujah jewel thief with five dots in Security is pre
sumed to keep up with trends in bank protections and
padlocks. Some Storytellers may wish to adjust this a bit,
which isn't out of line, but for those who want to place the
story first, assume that no such Trait obsolescence exists.
Context is the key to making use of Abilities. The
expression "Firearms 4" isn't really meaningful unless it is
placed in the context of the Storytellersystem and reflected
bysome consequence in the ongoing story of the chronicle.
In the s tion revolvers and early bolt-action
ms suggests some possible experi
sembling your own cartridges from slugs, gunpowder
and brass shells. In the era of caseless hollowpoint rounds,
acter with four dots has probably never used a firing
capor paper wad. These details might seem tobe implicit in
the definition of the Fi
such as these are only important if they come up in the
course of yourstory. The Abilities are not precise statements
of capability or background, and their definitions should

CHARACTERS:


not determine the outcome of your chronicle. Ifa player is
forced to make choices for her character because factual
data has been strictly assigned to the abstract dots on her
character sheet, then the low of the tory hasbeen hijacked
by trivia. The dots ustrepresentdice, afterall. Their ability
to describe is limited by random chance. All Abilities do is,
express your character's capabilities relative to the other
charactersin the story. They are vague descriptors that find
meaning only through the drama of your story.

‘What you should start thinking about is how you're
going to manifest these Abilities in the game world to take
advantage of the era. How is a 1950s Chicago police
detective with an Investigation score of 3 different from a
19th century Scotland Yard constable with the same rating?
‘Aside from the two characters having very different man-
nersand personal attire, their professional methods will be
different. New specialties are a must. Specialties reward
story-based details with game-specific effects without bog-
ging down the drama with intricacies. They are the secret
to painting distinctive historical characters with dots.

You are encouraged to select specialties before your
character reaches the four-dot threshold in a given
Ability. This is especially important as a shorthand to
you on your character sheet. Historical jargon and bur-
geoning scientific notions (such as phrenology) serve as,
a reminder of your character concept and reinforce the
setting ata glance. You might find some forgotten spark.

jotted down on your character sheet useful during play

A variety of strange practices that may seem odd tothe
modern reader are common during the Victorian age
Incorporating them into your character helps maintain the
el of the era. Phrenology, the study of cranial

unique
bumps, is thought to reveal insight into a person's nature
and is considered a modem Science or Medicine in 1890.
Handwritinganalysisisan Investigation technique thought
by some to be capable of identifying a subject's sex, gender
and even nationality. Cranial measurements are kept as
criminal records (since skulls were thought to be unchang

in adulthood) and naturally reve:
intellectual capacity. Soft sciences, such as psychology and
anthropology, are just being explored for the first time.
They're taken seriously by academics, then scientists. Ency-
clopedias, novels and history books can supply you with
many more ideas to enrich your storytelling.

On the other hand, it might be fun to portray some
common modern practice as the nouveau technique it
was back in the old nights. Photography, even san aging
form of record-keeping, isa new form of Expression. The
first machine guns are just being developed; the study of
germs and sterilization of medical instruments are new
and not widely accepted. "Evolution" is a new theory of
Science. Marxism is a new kind of Politics.

CHAPTER THREE

the subject's

Adjusted Talents

Talents are intuitive pursuits, honed through prac-
tice and experience. Although they can be learned from
others, they are just as often self-taught endeavors. Only
the specific, fashionable forms of Talents are different in
this era. In proper English society, Talents such as
Empathy and Subterfuge are more refined but operate in
fundamentally thesame way. Pugilists are just gentl
Brawlers. LewisCarroll, Walt Whitman, ThomasHardy,
Rudyard Kipling and Emily Dickinson are some writers
of the day (or already dead): Forms of Expression are
the globe
as writers and painters from America, Europe and Asia
begin to interact with ease and frequency.

Storytellers and players with a flair for the grandiose
should consider the rich and diverse tradition of Victorian
lore available that can be used tospice the use of Talents in
their games. Otherwise, all Talents behave in accordance
with the rules in Vampire: The Masquerade.

Adjusted Skills

Aside from the lack of automobiles, most of the
Skills detailed in Vampire: The Masquerade are well
suited to the Victorian era. The Drive Skill is simply
unavailable to characters in this game. Other skills,
meanwhile, see much more use. Etiquette is especially
consequence. It is far
less suspicion tice the Melee skill
in this era. A great many people earn their livelihood
through use of the Crafts Skill, since the average worker
is still cheaper to employ than many fa
Horses are everywhere in a Victorian city and require
daily upkeep and trained operators to avoid mishaps.

Short-form theatrics, flirtatious dances and Gilbert
and Sullivan operettas are some popular forms of Perfor
mance. Wax impressions of keys and (sometimes liberal)
use of dynamite are some contemporary applications of
the Security Skill. Fencing is still popular, though trials
by dueling are officially done with. Dogand horse breed-
ingispopularamong the aristocracy nowand could make
characters skilled in Animal Ken quite wealthy,

Skills are more likely to be learned through appren-
ticeship or hands-on training. Lifelong careers are far
more common, then, because experience is the most
reliable means of developing skilled laborers. Skills are
common across the social hierarchy, just like Talents.

Ride
Donovan watched his attacker tumble from the carriage

oof and contort on the cobblestones, then returned his
attention tothe horses. The buggy's lantern whipped crazily

nan

undergoing major or minor revolutions acro

important for characters of so
(or expensive) to pr

cory machines.


on a hook near his head, and by its light, he saw the veins
vanish beneath pounding hooves. Mud spattered onto his
shoes. Cracking his knuckles, as he often had in life before
beginninga chore, he leapt onto the nearer horse and wrapped
his hands around its neck,

Clenching his legs against the carriage hamess, he un-
hooked the horse from the buggy and pulled her by her
blinders. Together they pulled aside as the carriage rattled
past. "Now, girl," Donovan whispered into the horse's ear as
he tured her around, "let's see what that was all about."
With a yawp, they galloped back down the lane

This Skill denotes at least a common understanding of
horsemanship, from casual riding ability to knowledge of
bridles, saddles and stables. Characters with dots in Ride

ble to estimate a horse's worth or wellness. With

actice, riders can coerce tricks from a trained horse or

even fight from horseback. This Skill

horse-drawn buggies and cabriolets. Note that anyone can,

actually ride on the back of a horse without this Ability, but
no control over the horse can be assumed.

0 used to drive

. : Anything but routine travel
and care strikes you as work.
Practiced: You can m:
difficult turn or a st

allop, a
II jump.
‘ompetent: You ride in hunts and foul

her, perform splendid jumps and
avoid saddle sores.

comfortable in the

saddle as in the salon.
Master: Dashing stunts and horseback
swordplay are your raison d'éwe

Possessed by: Huntsmen, Coachmen, Messengers,
Soldiers, Rural Elite

Specialt

ban, Presentation

Adjusted Knowledges

No standard of education is widely available to
supply dots in Knowledges, so no common familiarity
with concepts such as Science or Academics can be
assumed. The organizational methods of colleges and
universities currently implemented will last another
‘or more, but public school does not exist and
would not be considered a useful venture by much of the
upper class. Some poor or downtrodden souls may find
education through charity, but that is unlikely. Most
Victorian citizens are effectively illiterate and will die
that way, around the age of 4
New political philosophies continually surface in
and itis common to summarize some intellectu-
alsorbohemiansby their political orientation. Spiritualist

Jumps, Races, Mounted Combat, Ur-

i]

fads and Old World superstition mean that Occultknowl-
edge is far more common during this era but is seldom
delved into very deeply. English concepts of Law are
racticed in whole or in part throughout the British
Empire. Alienists and archaeologists, who often operate
nce and Occult lore,
the imaginationsof contemporary writers. Medical tech-
nologyhasnot come so far from the American Civil War,
really. Hypodermic needles and the stethoscop.
relatively new. Science is just starting to consider the
ramifications of evolutionary theory, and the periodic
table is only in the works.

The Computer Knowledge is not available to Vieto-
rian Age: Vampire chi |, the Enigmas
Ability is defined below. Most characters will not have
Knowledges as their primary Abilities during this et
Those who do are most likely in the business of knowing
things or are affiliated with a university. Otherwise, all
but the following Knowledges are unchanged.

cers. Ins

Academics

Malcolm watched Edgar carefully, waiting for his reaction
On the mount before them was a broken stone slab etched with
Greek letters. Malcolm had a brass stand fitted for it and lit with
hisomly electric lightbulb. "Whatdo you think?" Malcolm asked.

Edgar very carefully struck a match off his thumb and
hovereditmear the stone's face. It was worn smooth by wind such
that the soft Greek letters were almost invisible. "I's a poem by
Sappho. Orhalf of one, I'd say." Edgar shook out the match and
looked back at Malcolm. His smile showed of his fangs. Blood
pulsed beneath his flesh. "The real shard," Edgar continued, "as
discovered byDr. Emhauerin 1878, wentdown withhim aboard
the Merriweather off the coast of Corsica. Sorry, old boy."

The "humanities
ered serious pursuits in the 19th century. Without a dot
in Academics, characters are illiterate. Education on
academic topi from
boarding schools and universities to private tutors and
secret libraries. In addition to its obvious applications,
Academic socially in gentleman's clubs,
parlors and salons and at university to impress audien
oor win grants from the wealthy elite. The oldest Kindred
possess dots in Academics because they were present for
the events in question. This Knowledge may be neces-
sary to outmaneuver them in the Jyhad.

" this Knowledge coversare consid-

comes from a variety of source

can be

from
school.

able to recite important passag
theclassics youread in boardi
Perhaps you read the Daily Telegraph.
ge: You understand important
passage e classics, read books
for leisure and subscribe to The Times.

CHARACTERS:


Masters: Youunderstand artistic trends,
both historical and modern, and keep
up with the new social sciences. You
could be published.

Doctorate: You may teach or lecture
andaresometimesinvited touniversity
and museum social functions for intel-
lectuals and poseur

Schol:

out the Empire as one of civilization's

‘ou are recognized through

great minds.
Possessed by: Professors, Bohemians, Patrons, El-
ders, the Elite
Specialties: Egyptology, the American Revolution,

Comparative Mythology, the Pre-Raphaelites, Royal
Geographic Expeditions

Enigmas

"What i it?" Edgar whispered, glancing over his shoul-
der again at the laboratory door. Maleolm didn't answer. He
just kept holding the cardboard rectangle up to the starry
skylight. Light shone through litle holes on the card, making
tiny white dots on Malcolm's face. "Malcolm?"

"Ie's a punch card, Ed, my boy." Malcolm uemed it over
and looked at it again, "I'd say this Andru fellow isn' as ol-
fashioned as we thought." With a gleaming grin, Malcolm
handed the punch card to Edgar and slapped his spectacles back
on. "That's quite an adveanced algorithm he's working with."

Ezdgar nodded a bit, then handed it back and adjusted his
bowler. "What's an algorithm?'

Useful to both scientists and academics, this Knowl
edge represents a knack for answering riddles and puzzling
out posers. The secrets of science and history must often be
sorted out before their respective fields can rationally

proach them. Dots in this Trait indicate a character is

capable of getting her head around complex concepts
outside of any specific field. Itisameasure of logical prowess

used to make sense of forgotten languages,
formulas and unfamiliar algorithms, whether intentionally
disguised or heretofore unknown. Aptitude with Enigmas
requires flexible mind and great patien

. Student: You

perimental

re good at the puzzles in
newspapers.

College: You can tackle large, complex

s with time.

Masters: You recognize, solve and ex
plain riddles with

Doctorate: You identify and answer
riddles that may have gone unnoticed

for centuries.

‘CHATTER THREE

Scholar: You can find codes in gibbe-t
ish and patterns in chaos.
Possessed by: Mystics, Doomsayers, Spies, Para:
noids, Gamblers
Specialties: Old English Riddle-Poems,
Codebreaking, Punch Cards, Algorithms, Hieroglyphs

Adjusted
Backgrounds

Rapidly expanding lines of communication broaden
thepowerbase of many elder Kindred, while overwhelming
less-capable princes and archbishops. The speed at which
civilization operates is quickly becoming incredible. Infor-
mation travelsfasterand farther han everbefore by telegraph
and railway. Secrets, once revealed, can travel by train from
youralliesin Paristo yournemesisin Prague in lessthan four
nights. Of course trains run on schedules. It is not only
possible fora neonate to besentaftersome ral-bound ghoul
retainer witha message that will ruin hismentor'sinfluence
if reaches Prague, it could be a fascinating story
Kindred society is still largely separated by the dan-
gersof daylight travel. Many vampiresocial circlesremain
small and isolated. Elders who enjoy respect and recog-
find that they hi
outside the bailiwick of their status when they re:
London. Allies be limited to cer
regions of the continent. As spheres of power expand,
the number of persons who must be kept track of grows
larger and larger. Princes who fail to prepare for the
increased social complexities of Victorian protocol may
find themselves in the sunlight, as rivals
rumors of weakness and arrive in jus

nition in Budapest m: traveled

\d contacts m:

Kindred who enjoy fame are more likely to find
admirers of theirs in
possible for fame to travel by phonographs and photo-
aphs. The spread of fame through technology is
pecially imperfect, however. Photographs of pop.
gers aren't printed on the cover of Rolling Stone.
Famous folk are illustrated by hand for the cover of
Vanity Fair. Beautifully elaborate art nouveau posters
bearing exaggerated or stylized likenesses of dancers and
gers generate interest in upcoming performances.
Sarah Bernhardt, for example, is depicted in a variety of
fantastic outfits and poses for French posters by Alfonse
Mucha. These romanticized representations leave quite
a bit of room for mistaken identities, which offer many
possibilities for interesting stories.

stant cities. For the first time, itis

Special consideration should be given to the role of

retainers in the Victorian age. Kindred who attempt to


123

carry on as sociable mortals will be expected to have at spent brandy. "Andruis too old, Ed, my boy. He will complicate
least one valet. In fact, the relationship between retain- any plan you or I could come up with," Malcolm sniffed his unlit
ers, resources, influence and humanity is delicate and cigar. "His blood is thick and strong. Electric."
essential to maintaining the Masquerade to high-profile Edgar sipped his brandy witha hiss. His fangs flashed as
vampires. An influential figure whodoes not appear well he swished his tongue around, spit his sip into the crystal bowl
(because of a low Humanity rating) might be directed to and then rana finger beneath his mustache. "Which is why we
aphysician, who could become eagerfor such important should take action, sir. If we had his blood, who would we
clientele and concerned when her daytime appointment have left to fear?"
ismissed. A highly visible sort with agreatdeal ofwealth The purity of Kindred blood has not yet begun to
but no servants seems odd. Anyone of meaningful social falter. In this last great age of vampiric power, when
standing who cannot manage the occasional country Kindred can still maintain private circles of undead
house weekend might fall from favor in mortal society. society in their palatial estates, powerful sires are more
Retainers can make daytime excusesfortheiremployers, common. The fears of weaker generations are merest
‘manage social calendars and appointments and support rumor. The chance that diablerie might be detected is
the illusion of a normal, successful British aristocrat. slimmer. The vampires of these nights are potent and
To the benefit of the Kindred, itis easier than ever confident. The worst times are still a generation off, after
to maintain multiple havens across Europe. It is gener- all. In the Victorian age, characters without dots in this
ally much safer for a vampire to travel great distances. ks 12th Generation Kindred
Those with substantial resources might even own a 11th Generation: 12 blood pool, can
private, windowless railcar for travel by day. Those spend 1 blood point per carn
Kindred with more realistic ideas of international travel

10th Generation: 13 blood pool, can
(and less pride) might have themselves sent as cargo spend 1 blood point per turn

aboard a steamship. Trustworthy retainers are not just oboe

ation: 14 blood pool, can

invaluable for journeys such as this, they are necessary. spend 2 blood points per turn

Generation 8th Generation: 15 blood pool, can

Edgar looked at Malcolm through his snifter of brandy. ae p bloed pein pes
Between their deep, whiskey-brown leather chairs stood an 7th Generation: 20 blood pool, can
‘omate Chinese table. On thatrested a wide crystal dish of murky, spend 4 blood points per turn.

Generation Chart

Generation Max. Trait Rating Blood Pool Max: Blood Points/Turn
Third 10 ne ?
Fourth: 50
Fifth 40
Sixth 30
Seventh 20
Eighth 15

inth 14
Tenth 13
Eleventh 12
Twelfth ul
Thirteenth + 10
Max. Trait Rating: This indicates the highest permanent Trait rating (excluding Humanity/Path scores and
Willpower ratings) a vampire of the given generation can have. This is especially important with regard to
Disciplines and Attributes.
Blood Pool Max.: The maximum number of blood points a vampire may keep in her system. Remember that
elder vampires concentrate their blood — while the volume of blood in their bodies is no greater than any other
vampire's, each pint of blood is worth more than one point.
Blood Points/Turn: This indicates how many blood points a vampire can spend in a single turn

CHARACTERS


VA

Resources

Mycroft inspected the silk lining of his greatcoat before
swooping it onto his back. With a flourish, he tucked his silver
falcon-headed cane beneath his arm and headed through the
house, past the clocks and armor, bookshelves and landscape
paintings, to the foyer. He was through the foyer in a flash,
leaning just lag enough to snatch up ana put on his hat. From
the townhouse door tothe iron fence he looked up and down the
cabriolet waiting for him. One step up the folding stairs and he
wished into the buggy's shadowy cage. "To the club, milord?"
asked the driver from outside.

Myerofe pulled on his Italian leather gloves and checked
his pocket watch. "But frst through Piccadilly, driver. [will
sup on the way."

This Background is virtually identical to that pre
sented in Vampire: The Masquerade. Only the specific
notions of wealth are different from that book. The gap

thy and the poor is tremendous and all
table. Victorian London's society, for

tured in such a manner that the wealthy
may go days without having to see any lower-class citi-
zens other than the ones they employ.

between the w
but insurm
example, isstru

Massproductionisjustbeginning, butplenty ofimportant
seeming "consumables" exist for the proletariat to waste their
\wagesonandmaintain theireconomicpostion. Itisnotenough
tospendmoneyin Victorian society onemustbeseenspending
it.Ofcourse,charityisalsoconsidered properforthe upperckass,
though very specific (and biased) rules determine where such
money should rightfully go.

Liquid assets may be inconsistent, even with a high

Resources rating. English lords may have a bad year, but
‘much of their wealth is usually tied up in things such as real
that cannot be easily spent. Likewise, though
itisbecoming more common for members of the upper class
ess ventures, allowances
from rich parents are not uncommon. Thus, purely social
concems can have a serious impact on an Englis
ability to spe not much change his standard of
living. The counterpoint to thisis the state ofthe poor, who
1 unlikely to escape their tenements or labor jobs even if
they come into a lavish windfall. Unless they are accepted
into the social circles of the bourgeois, actual cash may not
fect their standard of living.

. Small savings: You have several weeks
paid for in a local lodging house. What
ever youown probably travels with you,
possibly including heirlooms and the
like. If your assets were liquidated, you
would have about 15 pounds. Allow-
ance of 7 pounds per month.

estate and

toeam theirfortunesthrough bu

but m:

‘CHAPTER THREE

Middle class: A flat in a terraced build.
ing. If your assets were liquidated, you
would have at least 300 pounds. Allow-
ance of 40 pounds per month.
Bourgeois: A townhouse or a detached
country home. If your assets were liqui-
dated, you would have at least 7,000
pounds. Allowance of 450 pounds per
month

Well-off: A member of the upper class.
Youhavealavish townhouse orasprawl-
ing country estate. If your assets were
liquidated, you would have at least
200,000 pounds. Allowance of 4,000
pounds per month,

Tremendously affluent: An esteemed
landowner with generations of accu:
mulated wealth. You may have mul-
tiple townhouses and estates through
out England
will be expected to demonstrate your
wealth. If your assets were liquidated,
you would have at least 1,000,000
pounds. Allowance of 12,000 pounds
per month.

Humanity

‘Vampires are social creatures. They need morta
emotional and physical sustenance. Without Hut
there is no vampire. There is only the Beast.

The Industrial Revolution has changed everything
The Kindred were originally drawn by the droves into the
mortals' swellingcities, where hunting waseasy and the prey
was everywhere —except that those Kindred who say they
came to the cities for the food
mind, vampires have kept a measured distance from the
flock that fed them, but now, they mingle together in secret
not because itis necessary for the monsters' survival, but
because vampires like surround themselves with mortals.

nd the continent. You

¢ liars. Since time out of

Make no mistake, the castle-on-the-hill routine
worked exceptionally. Any tunnel-stalking Nosferatu
will cell you that. Vampires could have continued mak
ing forays into civilized lands to eat, while spending their
days asleep and far away. No, they chose to come and

dwell with mortals because vampires are social creatures.

A Powerful Lie

Desperate to lose themselves or eke th
npiric curse, a great many Sabl
follow the Paths leading away from Humanity. They

nost out of
attempt £0


behave like monstrous kings, doing as they please to
mortalsand Camarilla Kindred alike. When Final Death
comes, at east it's oud. And italways comes — because
alien moralities are a hard thing for a human mind to
subscribe to, and no matter how much they may despise
it, vampires are as much human as Beast

The lesson Sabbat elders teach their grunts, that a
vampire can deny his Humanity makes hungry
neonates fee! powerful — powerful enough to rush head-
Jong down unclear and arcane Path
theirmasters. Once these neonates build upa good momen-
tum of supernatural fury and arrogance, they are pointed in
the direction of the Camarilla and let loose.

This routine was effective during the Dark Ages,
when there were scarcely any mortals willing to chal-
lenge the might of a vampire. As the vampires came to
divell closer and closer to their prey, however, the rou-
tine became more costly. Notonly were dramatic displays
of vampirism opposed by the Camarilla now, they were
opposed by mortals with confidence born from science,
religion and fire

Many of the Sabbat neonates who follow.
moralities do so because elder C
to the cause. Elders drive them toward goals they're not
+h or even understand. When
and try tofly on their master's
orders, they end up being burned by the sun. This
practice has become such a standard among Sabbat
elders that very few members of their sect manage to

lied

the command of

iternate
ites have rallied them

yet strong enough to re:
the young Sabbat head o

become ancillae, and so, they have no one else to set an
example for the revolutionary rabble recruited for flashy
suicide tactics.

Sabbat neonates attempt to act out their anarchical
fantasies in two major wa

same fate. The first option is torally against the Camarilla,
to lay siege to its social fortress of rules and etiquette in
barbarism. The second option isto

ss, and both often lead to the

afrenzy of animalist
avoid the struggle of the sectsall togetherand delve deep
into forbidden occult rites in search of some ancient
vampire secret that will subjuga
eternity. Both options typically result in the destruction
of Sabbat neonates.

ce frail mortals for all

Toward the end of the 19th century, asevere genera-
tion gap has grown between Sabbat elders and neonates.
Elders, entrenched in their havens and secure on theit
Paths, sanction the Embrace of new followers to replace
those who fell -amarilla. Being cunningand
patient, these elders continued on with thesame strategy
fordecades,eliminatingneonatesand tryingagain. Thus,
during the Victorian age, the Sabb
merically by untried neonates struggling to master the
first stages of alternate moralitiesand ruin the Camarilla

ainst the

is dominated nu-

lows behind them lurk the elders, growing
stronger and very comfortable with the dwindling num-
ber of would-be rivals. They have power and security

Meanwhile, the illa thrives

Seduced by Humanity

In the Victorian age, humanity turns science on.
itself and discovers the disciplines of psychology and
anthropology. The arts, which hav
marginally focused on the nature of humanity, enjoy an
influx of societal interest in the form of wealthy patrons
and vast metropolitan galleries. Important discoveries

always been at least

are made in the field of medicine, revealing new secrets
about the human body... and its blood. All of eiviliza-
tion, fascinated with its own successes, examines itself.
Scientists, poets, painters, musicians, doctors and politi-
ciansall ask what it meansto be human. The vampires in
their midst become likewise interested.

Mortals i
pires have ever seen before. Humanity's awareness of
mysticism, science, history and the occult have never
been more balanced, even if it isn't particularly thor
ough. Even the Kindred marvel at what the mortals are
capable of. It is an age of astonishment, a time for
reveling in the wonders of the world, and even the

ization advances faster than most vam-

undead have been swept up by it

During this revelation of humankind and mortal
history, vampire society quietly looks at itself and the
history it has witnessed through damnation. Members of
the Camarilla become more and more involved in mortal
endeavors and arrogantly loosen their grip on the mor-
tals around them. This proximity to mortal society stirs
echoes of human feelings in a great many vampires who
once walked dangerously close to the Beast. The deci-
sions so many vampires make during this era reaffirm the
Path of Humanity and guide the direction of the Camarilla
into the next century

While the Camarilla grows strong by attaching itself
to the infrastructure of mortal civilization, the Sabbat
begins to fall apart. Those elders who had entrenched
themselves in once-strategic positions now find them-
selves far away from the action. Those
sought power down other Paths to use against mortals
and Camarilla find themselves distracted by the bur-
geoning power of those mortals

The Dath of the Future

The secret proliferation of vampire society within
mortal society certainly affects the Kindred more than
the mortals. Mortal
pires, most often have their worldview altered for a few

CHARACTERS:

ncillae who

mpacted by the presence of vam-


126

short years (or minutes). Vampires, impacted by the
presence of mortals, can potentially dwell on their expe-
riences for centuries. This is the reason why so many
vampires, even elders, are on the Path of Humanity
during the Final Nights. For all that vampires may claim
todetest or pity humans, they are nothing but a shadowy
reflection of them,

The Sabbat will be deeply impacted by this
well. Sometime between the Victorian age and the Fi
Nights, Sabbat Cainites come to understand the self-
annihilating route they have chosen and see through the
propaganda. Those Cainites who truly understand alien,
codesof morality aren't willing tosacrifice themselveson
stale Sabbat suicide raids for faceless elders. Instead, they
will gather the lore they can and hide it away from their
weaker kin. No longer will foolish childer grope blindly
toward power. From the tur of the century on, promis-
ited to walk the Paths. The rest
could burn for the Sabbat

a as

ing monsters would be in

Camarilla vampires Embraced during the Victorian
age naturally continue to observe the Path of Humanity
and seldom learn of any alternatives. Even Caitiff com-
monly face their Humanity during this era. By
overwhelming majority, the Sabbat and the most expe-
rienced of the independent clans truck with alternate
moralities in the Victorian

Merits and Flaws

Above all, remember that these Traits are optional. It
is often simpler and more eff
and involved storytelling. The
more Merits and Flaws you use to explain your character,

e to detail a character
through the basic statist

thelessany one of themis worth asa descriptor. Economize

Allof the Merits and Flaws presented in Vampire
‘The Masquerade are suitable for Vietorian Age: Vam-
pire as well. You may need to alter some century-specific
details, as you did with your Abilities, in order for
rarriers in this game
will not transmit HIV, for example. You have an enor-

everything to fit together. Disea:

mousselection of other, horrible diseases to choose from
in this era, such as malaria,

Physical Flaws, especially those that might persist
from a character's mortal life, deserve some increased
attention in thisera. It would be common to find Disfig-
ured or Lame mortals in the Victorian age, and not all
vampires Embrace uncommon blokes. Addiction affects
eminent and invisible Victorians alike, from slums to
gentleman's clubs, and won't be diagnosed as a problem
until the maturation of psychology in the 1900s. General
medicine is poor, and the consequences of inadequate
care persist even in an undead body

‘CHAPTER THREE

Many troupes will be tempred to model the peculiai
ties of Victorian social structure with new Social Meritsand
Flaws. This isn't necessary. You aren't playing vampiric
time travelers, you're playing contemporaries. Merits and
Flaws mark characters as exceptional, and ifall the cha

ters in your chronicle are operating under th
niles, where's the exception? Effective Social Traits de-
scribe the core dramatic interactions going at the human
level and shouldn't deal in things as superficial as fads and
manners. Neither should Social Merits and Flaws deal with
strictly internal facets of your character. That's better done
with your imagination and illustrated with your roleplaying
performance. Unless the Merit or Flaw has a potentially
unlife-altering consequence that can surface in the
chronicle, it snot significant enough to warrant modeling
with a game

same social

seriou

aistic

The following Merits and Flaws can be selected only
ifthey are first approved by your Storyteller. Rather than
present them in their subcategories, they are presented
here as a single collection.

13th Generation (2-pt. Physical flaw)

ly sired by a I2th-generation vam.
pire. Fewof your kind exist. Youare considered to be part
of an unofficial social step forming at the bottom of
vampire society. You still bear the distinctions and
predilections of your clan, but are large
elders, ancilla
You hay
twice as hard to be noticed. Neither entitles you to
yet. It's a stran

You were re

overlooked by
and many 12th-generation neonates.
to shout twice as loud to be heard and work
for you
Most of your generation has not yet arrived. When they
do, perhaps things ill be different. Asa I3th-generation
vampire, you havea maximum blood pool of 10.and may
spend a single blood point per turn.

Archaic (2:pt. Mental Flaw)

You are uncomfortable with the trends of the night.

Machine

underst

are noisy, coal is dirty, and gaslights make you
wdably nervous. All of these things signal an in-
crease in mortal power and just plain confuse you. Your
unlife maybecomea genuine hell ifthis isthe way thingsare
headed. The difficulties ofany Mental or Social actions you
undertake are increased by wo fthey involve machinery or

technology invented in the last 50 years.

Dangerous Bias (3-pt. Mental Flaw)
Youareblinded by popularcultural illusions. Yousee

individuals bi

social status and racial or ethnic background. To you, a

valet or a foreigner isa kind of person distinctly different

from an Englishman. The difficul

Empathy, Li

aased solely on their economic position,

es of all Perception,

\dership, Streetwise and Investigation rolls


are raised by two if they regard persons of a social or
economic group other than your own. On any roll
involving two of the prior Traits, the difficulty increases
by three instead. Your behavior, if properly roleplayed,
might very well make Manipulation and Charisma ac
tions more difficule among these groups as well

Frail Stomach (2-pt. Physical Flaw)

You are physically unable to stomach blood that you
consider filthy or poor. The overwhelming stink of
Kerosene and coal in a factory worker's blood might turn

or perhaps the sticky caramel-sweet blood of,

y. This Flaw cannot be combined with Prey

Exclusion and is more than just a matter of distaste. To

keep down any blood from a source deemed unfit by you

requires a Stamina + Self-Control rol (difficulty 8). You

may stomach a number of blood points equal to the
successes. Anything else is regurgitated.

Hiarbingerof Gehenna Gpt. Supematural law)

This Flaw encompasses both the 14th Generation
and Thin Blood Flaws from Vampire: The Masquerade.
You are more than merely weak in the eyes of Victorian
vampires, you are a symbol of ruin. Your presence is
offensive, at least, and, most likely, frightening for your
fellow Kindred. You might find solace in the presence of
neonates or fools, but many vampires would rather bum
you than consider what you represent. Quite simply,
anyone who knows the secrets of your weak blood prob-
ably despises you for it. Tread carefully.

llypersensitive Palate (2-pt. Physical Merit)
You have an almost supernatural ability to analyze
the blood you drink. Any sip of blood you

fe able to
smple allows a single Perception roll (difficulty 7 + {the
age of the blood in hours}) to detect familiar tastes or
distinctions. If any successes are scored, the Storyteller
may require asecond roll to correctly identify the flavors
tasted (water from the Thames, French merlot,
Lingenwald factory soot, a particular family's blood)

the

Mechanical Aptitude (2-pt. Mental Merit)
You have an uncommon understanding of the as
tounding 1
age. Whenever your player makes a roll roassess, operate
or design a mechanical device developed during the la
50 years, he enjoys two extra dice in his pool. This Merit
is especially rare
serious advantage into the next century

ines being developed in this wondrous

mong elders and could become a

Medium (2- or 4-pt. Supernatural Merit)

You have, either naturally or through training, an
affinity or receiving ghosts and spirits around you. With
the two-point Merit, you are able to hear, smell or
otherwise vaguely sense spirits in your vicinity. You may
communicate with them using whatever means youhave
for mundane communication but can exert no more
power over them than you could any other discomforting
stranger. With the four-point Merit, you are able to
actually see or feel those spirits about you. You may be
able to deduce their identity or history from your find-
ings. What's more, you project a strange authority in the
spirit world, affor
rolls to intimidate, soothe or otherwise persuade a ne
tral spirit. Spirits with their own motives may not be
particularly respectful of your power, however. Either
way, you stand out in the spirit world and may attract
some unwanted attention with this Trait

you an extra success on any Social

Prophetic (3:pt. Supernatural Merit)

You see the future and detect pivotal moments in
time. You may have some ritual or routine to perform
when you try to glimpse future nights, but most often,
your ability is sporadic and involuntary. You might be
harassed by distant sounds echoing backward through
time, or you might receive terrifically vivid mental
images of a single future moment. The Storyteller m:
requirea Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty based on
your proximity to a person or place that will be instr
mental tohistory) to make sense of yourprophetic signal
Prophecies may be important or insignificant and may
relate to the future of the world or your future alone.

CHARACTERS.



Sunset

=
i=
iS)
eee
i
iS)

apt
asing
(Geography)

6
b


perusal of these pages might be casual!) that this is an effort | undertake
lightly. The task is unutterably difficult, even herculean, in its scope, the
various advantages of my condition notwithstanding. Nevertheless, itis
something that my love of science, uncompromised even by all the "unnatu-
ral" sights I have seen, demands of me.

As it was the land of both my birth and my last br hs, it would seem
to me auspicious, to say nothing of convenient, to begin at home

Great Britain

What can be said of this jewel of nations that has not already been
uttered by lips or flowed from pens more eloquent than mine? Great Britain
and Her Noblest Majesty Queen Victoria hold proudly our place at the very
height of all the civilizations of mankind.

Yer, here, amidst man's greatest triumph, lurks the darkest shadow the
Devil has ever cast upon God's creation. In every corner of our world, in
every darkened room, ot so it might seem to eyes as burned by the study of
evil as mine, they wait. Science may, nay must, understand them, but I think
it unlikely it can ever explain these creatures who call themselves the
Kindred, that less educated men call vampires.

Fortunately, in this, my home and first area of study, Ihavealready made
a prolonged investigation.

Where Exactly Are We?

Ie is common practice, throughout much of the world, to treat the
names England, Britain, Great Britain and the United Kingdom as
though they were interchangeable. In truth, for those who would
maintain a proper grasp on the language, these all refer to distinctly
different entities

England refers only to one specific country; that is, the nation
‘occupying the greatest part of the largest of the British Isles, from
which Queen Victoria rules and this greatest of empires was born, The
nation is also known informally as Britain.

The island on which England rests also includes the nations of
Wales and Scotland; this triumvirate of countries is properly titled
Great Britain.

Finally, by adding Ireland, you have the United Kingdom. The
British Empire, of course, refers to all those territories and colonies
throughout the world that have been graced by English eivilization.

Incidentally, the astute reader may have noticed that this sidebar
is not in fact, written by our chapter's chronicler and journal-keeper,
nor are any other sidebars throughout this chapter. As such, they
present information untainted by his perspective and should not be
assumed to contain the same bias or misinformation.

They have, in fact, bias and misinformation of their very own.


London, England

It is cold, here, a cold that used to inspire me to
quicken my pace to warm the blood. It rains frequently,
icy droplets that shiver the
companion. The gray clouds of the firmament often
appear as though they are bome aloft not by the currents
of wind, but by the blacker columns of smoke that rise
from the smokestacks of numerous factories throughout
London's East End. Summers are miserably humid — I
never have understood what possible motivation the

GreeksandRomanscould conceivably have for
their abominable steam baths — but shore and not
particularly hot. Winter is our most frequent guest —
and our most impolite as well, often refusing to leave

in, and the fog isa constant

when his welcome is long sin
scured in the daylight by the sounds of thousands of
workers and the rumbling of many great factory ma
chines, the forlom horns of London's trains can be heard
throughout the night by those wandering souls who
happen to be about

The Thames flows through London lil ery,
pumping away the filth and factory runoff that is the
inevitable bad blood of technological progress. It no
longer provides meals for London's ichthyophagous poor,
for those fish that might survive the awful substances in
the water are none that men might safely stomach! A
pity, but asmall price to be paid for man's advancement.

London isa city of constant growth, her population,
having doubled and more than doubled in the past five
decades, so that we now boast very near six million souls.

wom. Although ob-

So swiftly has the city grown, and in such myriad direc
tions, that it is practically two separate cities, each with
its own sort of populace — and its own sort of Kindred

West End

The proper, genteel end of town, London's West
End is the home of those Londoners with status, breed
ing, intelligence and poise. The truly affluent dwell in
opulent tone manors and sprawling estates, which para-
doxically conspire to be both grandiose and yet cramped
together, each upon the next. Others of more modest
themselves in smaller abodes or within
suites of apartments thatare still far and away superior to
the best dwellings to be found in the East End, Gentle-
men with canesand top hats wander thestreets, escorting
their ladies as they go about their entertainments; or else
they travel about in luxurious carriages that rattle noisily
through the cobbled lanes. Folk of means spend their
evenings in salons and parlors with acquaintances, or
pethaps, they attend an evening's performance at the
theatre — some even deign to dare the scandalmongers

means ho

151

new and vulgar form of entertain.

by frequenting thi
ment called "cine!

Saint James and Trafalgar Squares draw the curious
and those with coin to spend. Westminster Abbey, the
home of Parliament, is the seat of o
and Scotland Yard rises from the shadows, promising
security toall and sundry. From Buckingham Palace, our
darling Queen addresses her people, brightening us all
with her presence.

political process,

Now that I think upon it, I find it rather odd that no
Kindred, at least to my knowledge, has attempted to

the Queen Herself under his odious thumb. Per
haps, some things are beyond the pale, even for those
creatures.

The Queen's Protector

Our distinguished narrator has unfortunately
leapt to a false conclusion. Itisnot that no vampire

attempted tosuborn HerMajesty through means
both mundane and mystical. Rather, the Queen's
Protector, a guardian angel of which even she is not
fully aware, has thwarted all such attempts.

Dr. William Gull, the Queen's physician (and,
for a time, a favorite but innocent suspect in the
Whitechapel slayings), faked his death from stroke
in 1890. Although an old man, and physically
weak, Gull still possesses a keen mind, a startling
amount of knowledge about the Kindred and an
inexplicable resistance to their mental suasion. He
has taken it upon himself, and his able-bodied
assistants, to watch the Queen for any signs of
occult influence, For her own party Queen Vietoria
was puzzled by Gull's efforts to convince the world
hehad died, buchumored his tales ofenemies from
his youth."

The good doctor now feels a true death loom-
ingoverhisshoulderand desperately seeksaqualified
successor forhis self-appointed role as her Majesty's
Protector. Should he pass away before a suitable
candidate is located, the crown might indeed be-

come a valuable prize for ambitious Kindred.

Most Kindred who make their havens in London's
West End — very neatly all, as best I am able to deter-
mine —are like the mortals around them. They are the
wealthiest of their kind, as concerned with matters of
decorum and propriety as any upstanding gentleman.
Most, if not all, are part of a secret society of Kindred
called the Camarilla, which sect m
influence over undead society in

Britain,

tains a peerless
ly all of Great

‘CHASING SUNSET GOGRATH


WO

jay9q

Jay aBueYD oa papensiad ag 02 4j2y1] 200 S1 apyrYy> 39y a1eonparapun pjnom ays reLp ,aouudoxd,, Aq punog os

anidures e fsuonnpos ksea Aue quasad exp w]qoad e ‘4jareuMEJUN ou stay -Jsu apezaNbseyy 4p 02 ang
‘syed stoyp ss029 02 Ysnous areuMOyUN Aue pu sanjaswiayp 01 4JuO I0U SteANIp aE yeu ASOY L

-uBt910 axe (1]D420u paou Aaxp

2e1p2290} yp Se YoNs) sBuIpaa} Jo soiseq axp toad pure sau|diosiq]"uejD ‘some anus May JO93paymouy 9]221,

snoroaud yates aysiu ayp saqua ue saurdurea papnyap Yons jo Jap]ty> axeumosun ay, "spiny kt1po jo.aysueEN

‘aseq au Sa] Oat a Se "SuIpARy se ss920xd e 2I8eq OS toda ssnsIp O2 asryss.Or Sostdutea tuTEDIaD 403 jo preayUN
Sjazaua 10u $14} ‘vouTMODUN AyTHPIUELP YBNoYLY "]]Us YTY sooqea slaxp afer pauputy, maj au1og

"aouiars}xa §,199s Sutsoddo atp jo aremeun Apron are oy soieuosHyo 1oqUINU

Butmox8 ang jjeise o2 speay aan wn ‘sy | "TJeIeAeqqeS aXp Jo Lads on pesnyas v.01 sdaasyo asa UOYS9Y} Inq S131

‘axoyp woyg psBuryp Yons Yai wnrs4]g jo auoy paresnsiydos aya aesdn on azoup styje> ey M S9ouAHIEXe Kpsrys
jdunts v ag 02 aeqqeg axp anoge Sunfurtp uasa puy ‘aouersut 10} ‘paspury ey MEATS ,paztiar>,, huey

-siteye paspuny ut pareonpazapun Aysnorasuep saajaswoyp puy sorayiqistas te1s01>1,

(pi papury Jo sappy Auew 4ynser e sy "ayqerdasse 10u axe pue axe soidor yoryas Jo Seapi Um 9K
ancy sordurea s pueyfiug yo Aueu pure ‘oury atp wet ssa] ou paxpury ay Suoure punoy s1 uonou posts,

1] 28 Jo Uaxods soAau uaxo pue ‘Aueduiod aujod ut jo uayods zaaau ae — juonnpoxdar
pur uonsaye Jo sreiap-asorp Jo Burtpou Aes o1— 1094p JeIDOs pu aysnoLp feomIHod SuorEHa1 jo sioaeUL
Uune9c) "uiotp jo 3eads o1 pestyar s,rewo|ua3 pues pe] radoad oxp Aq Sfamua sIx9 01 asea9 Aoyp YSNOUp se
spuey jo.no soidor ooqea uter9> sstursip 0} Aowaptray UeLIOND1,\ ApoUNsIp e141 MOU AeULIApeaI at sy.

y8hoy osnduy puesoidoy, sodosdu

‘YoDUN 01 UdAlip Uaag aaKy UdwIOM aIUNyOFUN asa
jo Auew ‘sBunp ypns aresajor uD uoRE|NOND ou pu
aupeaig 01 paou ou ypu sBulaq opty ay "aures axp Sura.
‘out ‘s]noyi payje> ‘siomyA9s fEUOU aTaYp ButD20} uNBoq
aaey aus yetp a]qeoidsap Ajzejnonzed 1 puy | ‘soziduea.
Jo u0yWoD axp 10} wIa2UO9 PNY 9a,J mPY AY "SA}AIs asayp.
jo sojduexa owanxa ysow ayz Bunwaq — swnysdyg,,
2Ioy) — sax9y stay puane aysiw OY or se sopeaI0 |,
asatpa Buoure sisauod Jo areaw awoDaq aaey | "ep ayp
Jo suorysey ayp Suimo}jop Ayystavys pue Bundanp yoq or
‘uayea aAe4 S9]>u19 [e1D0s A9190s-YSTY aU pur JOpeado |
ay "sea Surssedins yin wa qasin9 ano or pardepe
aaey ‘uaW SULAl] YIN aouanyUT sto Jo aauap oy
pueauarxa ay ul annua, ayp ssedins oym ‘sopeaio | ayp
‘uruLaTap ABUL | Se [Jam SY "UoUTWOD saYABO]E I0U st
wey ‘pueasiopun o2 u9ald we | "uorrems e — 1opearo |,
uejQ uesrze ay Aq plpy st paspury s,Q19 ayp Suoure
Aquoyane yonur reyp aw o2 sivadde a1 ‘annua, aya Woy
[ey [je sondures ruunuddsd daayp suopUOT AYA
‘suoddns ays ‘Aue g1 ‘pazpury uopuoy ay
jo suondey snovses ayp jo Yorya sues Aue Aq aurUaIap
(01 ajqeun sem | pue ‘Surdes jo puoy au suesuouny ay
‘se 4894 a4 01 as0]9 auinb spre s9y sAeyd ays "AyqeRI=ABOY
PS aU9UIELEY 4940 aduUINYyU! jo UNOWE |jeUIs OU
suiIE}D UaAa PUL UOPUOT UI hems 1eaW8 spjoy oyM ‘oUNY
Ape] suo ‘onnua, parp e jo uonuaW preay oaey |

-"wopuo7 Ut aouaNyut Umo sIy aauEUD O2 SOM
4pgns pue— uew wapout aip jo suryiom atp soaseu sty
uetp saneq smouy ay — uorisod ayp 40j Aaqeains sty
surequrem snipe ‘Seay 02 edo} []AS>]EK{ 4 "SatdUTEA
sofiunod aup ypias poouBe aisea axp ‘siseq Arezoduuay v uo
samod ayea pjnom oy asoua Ypia ase> axp tayo Os st sy
auio8 apedap & ang pauunyay sey pue Aanu9> gy aq JO
zea jeuy aqp ut parsedap sexypiyy sour uerp J05 uo seas
‘pavotioao suonvsiaauoo ysnoxp pueisiapun o2 usar
we | "18e] sip "ssouasqe 21penods saouud ay SuLIMp,
‘uopuo7] 1940 Yoreas 01 sea "TonseUL Sty Aq SL9P|NOYS sty
cuodn prey ‘Aanp st} "stuzaye,, payyes annua, s9pour seas
syessea paisnan asour seatpryy JO au ‘sauMUAS 104
-ouidsap ‘Aypeap ssa] ou axe Kay, "sr91pIos
Jo uetp saypes suerontjod pue sioasuseg jo sBulsoanouew
2yp ayy] oINb pue apigns are sani Jo asoreaxd sty
{yo wopaoutzd axp 20} poem soystaunys.ay f -pasaruosun
sja19]du10o> purrs 10u ssp ay "19AaMoY "Pa8Ud]
Jeypun of 02 susas iyi seNpIYY weYp |]! 104
(p8uans urew ysnostp
sonduea uopuoy aip Suowe AuoYpNe siy sure UTE
ay ‘iamod wos Jo aunfiy y "shen uesed "p
siy Jo Auew pauopuege 4ynn s9aau sey pue purysig,
Jo souaisixa A194 yp sorepard "uep> annus, ueroied
ud,

aroun

royp Jo auo ‘sexpryy "pouyar
Hyp wy ‘uayp 4soraUF awos jo JMeU e St a

ILYMAMIOS St,

al


constrict the lungs
other equ
cruel pastime and one that reflects poorly on both the
Toreador and the Kindred as a species.

ly vile accoutre n unnece

How much of our country's recent history might
have been influenced by these devious creatures who
treat mankind's God-given destiny as their own to steer?
Did the Married Women's Property Act of 1882 pass
because Londoners felt it right that women keep their
‘own earnings and property — or because it gave Lady
Lancaster'sagents, mostly ofthe fairer sex, an advantage?
When the Third Reform Act and the Redistribution Act
gave agricultural workers the vote in 1885, how did
Valerius, who knows far better than his master how to
manipulate the political system, benefit from the in-
creased electorate?

How can we ever know?

Pethaps the most popular fad among the gentry and
affluent of London is a fascination with the occult. From
the Freemasons to the street-corner mediums, itseems as
though e'
denly entitled to either speak with the dead or to
understand the gr crets of the Creator (who, in
the minds of these pseudo-occultists, often bears pre-
ciouslittle resemblance to the God spoken of in the Holy

ery man and woman on the Thames is sud-

test s

Bible). Secret societies crop up like mushrooms sprout-

ing in a forest; many are harmless pastimes, whereas
others could prove a deadly peril for those involved and
possibly any unfortunate enough to come near them.

Most of these groups offer little more than parlor
games, séances performed by enthusiastic but ignorant
dabblers with black candles and Ouija boards — though
I will attest, firsthand, that the strength of the partici-
pants' belief can, on rare occ
empower these slapdash rituals with real magic! These
events are held in the sitting rooms of ladies of quality,
or perhaps the back chambers at a gentleman' club, and
tend not tobring the unsuspecting fellowstothe Kindred's

tention (save for certain unscrupulous vampires who
offer far greater ge for
committing acts of loathsome sorts; one particular clan,
the Followers of Set, seems especially adept at this sort of
debasement, though I'm quite certain they are not the
only ones to practice it).

Other such organizations have become truly mam-
moth endeavors, "secret" only in that they do not reveal
their "mystic knowledge" to outsiders. The Freemasons,
the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn and a dozen
others like them permeate the urban London landscape
Several espouse the teachings and magies of John De
l6th-century astrologer, occultist and — some say —

ions, prove sufficient to

ecrets to such seekers in exch:

133
ard. In my wanderings throughout London's dark
places, I encountered several men (mortal and vampire
both) around whom these cults and secret orders have
sprung up who claimed that they actually were the
ancient magus, either immortal or returned from death.
A thorough investigation of their claims, however, un
dertaken with an unbiased eye like my own rather than
the blinded gaze of those who wish to believe, proves all
such claims to be patently fals
many of these organi lling secrets in return for
souls in Faustian f the Tremere, Kindred
warlocks of disturbing ability and even more disturbing
predilections, frequent such organizations not to impart
secret knowledge, but to obtain it. (The Tremere also
appear to be engaged in asporadic conflict with Mithras,,
further distracting his atte
seek to take his place.)
Curiously, I have also observed a marked increase in
the number of Kindred with Near or Middle
manner and appearance. I suppose some might say this is
to be expected, for much of this newfound fascination
with the occult comes from our colonies in Egypt and the
Holy Land. I have not, as of this time, been able to
determine to whatbranch of the Kindred tree they might
belong. They act unlike Setites; I would dub them
Assamites, yet all Kindred know that the Assamites are
all bloodthirsty warriors, and the
men of learning and study
Ie is a mystery to which I would devote more time,
had I not so much more territory to cover before I might
call my task complete.

East End

Ie is hard for one to imagine two places more differ

The Setites engage in
hion; where:

ion from those who would

Eastern

new arrivals are all

ent from one another than the separate halves of our fair
city. As one proceeds east, as the last echoes of the
chimes of Big Ben fade away and are hi
as though the very world changes. Here, cobbled streets
often give way to lanes paved only in dirt. Brick-walled
factoriesand foundrieschurn out thick smoke and
faced workers garbed in worn coats and disintegrating
shoes. Another hard day's labor completed, they trudge
home through the frigid rains to insect-ridden beds, some
of which are paid fornight tonight. Workhousesrun well
beyond capacity, and though unple:
the extreme, I should think the prostitutes and petty
criminals prefer such honest labors to their previous
livelihoods. Text
by immigrant Jews. The roads are tightly packed with
London's indigent masses, so that, at times, it becomes
physically impossible to for
current, and travel by horse-drawn carriage becomes no

ed no more, it is

hen-

ant and met

factories abound, many run entirely

e one's way against the

‘CHASING SUNSET @EOGRAPH)


JeJo swuearos ayp aeay J ‘21 seoU Butssed ‘oxou Aue samo],
ap ypvoudde 20u |]1M suorunW paxvidop asour s,unsey
uuaag "Aaaistw aejnonued sip. aut Av AUP Ut 10
‘dn o]]0}20U ]p14 | -Uaas 919% a10UU J949U pu s|]eY paua
pep si unui poystuea Ajduns yed asus axp ysra
2uQ "]}e2e pospury ayp Woy pre ou Yat sJasn Supuaap
yo ajqede> Ayfu14j4u109 poaoad ‘pos pue uew jo sive] a4
nds uraang) ayp asurese puayo oym asoyp Joasion
yp a9) uostad v *(Afoyun Avs wsoupe ays au0) a2ed
[yaw IY "UOPUOT Jo AMO] ay Jo Bum pasn-9pa]
duo ur aysiu e AueUL Jo} paste] WYP ‘puL]DAy WO 3940
auiod "xed wgges # SeA DUTP IY MOUy | "UIEBe Udy |
<duisq uureu eyueURED a4p sop Aywuy os uopUOT UT
aouasoad jnpamod sy
JOS J] UDO AI

e 4qqh

sadasaeyp tuasazdas Ajains pjnom
jaclo a10u sey samtdtutea Jo 2998 feats
up yin ang ‘eyueWMED oup Yara ou ay] AYsIUL
sonpedo] anna s,uneq rey a2u0 wey axoUr F
4 pavay aavy | ‘pug aseq ayp Jo pospury, ayo ayp
pue uiiieg josuonepaadap sjaysiu yp are ajquuzoy og

omy

‘SOUDJOIA OYA JO} YS" OF AyD |]e> ]]!48.94 WED Ap>xTUN
YE YUP | ,vayseg,, 189q ST se SIAR) WY S9OP UIYO
pue une o2 Apooup siamsue ose sey sy "TuauuTE
Sunyaas ‘{jaanua pug aseq,
24 ya] oAey Aaup ‘9dU0 UeEP aI0Py "PeLIOW 40 paxpUty,
sayp aq ‘Azou1u401 stoyp 01 siousta Wogysty Suv 02 "E12

-roqua HOU 10} pjaye soy

aunb uayo ‘Huneaq & Bupastunupe pur pug aeq ay
Suyyjoned ur aysipp was aye smo}]9} 2194 Jo ypUEY
snooner 8 pue Aoyf "You! aeiaav donp Aue Jo YoreUt
umo s,ueuraya yt
1 40} 9910) au Jo paurumnup sea
9} "suauoads awosyaeo} Ayn
aue ‘sfepy AJuO payed "yefnag ao]]>} pur azia sty pI
de> payje> ‘3ejnonued ut 9UG "pos aj] suo
-eandos snoue2ad Apeayye sia op SxPop axp sau |JMp
‘oy as0up tpuedax apy] ur Yelnag aup ploy ‘sopeasoy ay
pueonaua, ayp Apenonued ‘su
Auu ur §]sea paused] | "uonejndod peapun ayp jo suonzod
‘UOJ os[e UBIALY|EPY [eUOISED20 ax PUR Yenag
un Jo vas PaypIaim sty UF JaMod UE papuTyy

Ajuo ay woy 4B a1 NIELSON, Jo poolg s.UIsey

ayp Ajisea z9920m 410398) ‘94
peop 02 aoadsns e Sune
ay yun Aqqog sows0}

Buoy

> Auvuu aetp soypieasar

NOUY J9A9U |]LM | 9UIBEUN | — pauarysiy oor
‘peop ut uaaa ‘sdeysad 10 — ajqeun jn 40 29]}14 494 Jo
jeads 02 Suyjiawuin seas ays Z9Kpayas £a10]]0} 02200 2804 |
auayas rds ayp yo swyjear ay oat doap pay pue say 02

and suonisonb Aue s9assue 02 ‘peay 194 Jo ayBYsTUDTOLA e

ang (pas ‘pasnyas ays reyp Ajo Avs UwD | "9q 01.494 400} |
‘oy seat ays Jt ureU199 9q J9.A9u ued | pue ‘sauNfuT s,4poq
Jay] Jo S1eD8 9Yp a40g Nos 49y "wap UE UDA "104 ,'9A9I]
-aq,, Avs | "paiejanut Ayjnyave asou auo ap pur saddry
aya jo wnaD14 pouuyyuos ase] ayp ‘Ay]ay Puef AzeYy JoataIds
pazuauuo ax ua9g aAey Aew 949199 | TeY AUD Ue Or

"Ayotug 449. ‘suo ayods] wey AJUO MoUY J ssa] UAAasdeY,

WO WII

1nd ‘preg puepoog Aq porinboe
ou dn pouama aaey | aeyp ssayuios asnuu | , ef Aoneg,, Jo
{anuap! ayn 01 se uopuoy Ut A Tysnoyp
-TV "8981 Jo s02UIN pue UWMaNE aya UE Jadeyparry A
UI parts asoy2 Jo soy] ay suorssausisue |,

"yp puoseg aouapiss

sesnoun9 seu

‘sa HoYANe JeUOU Jo PoupUry] J9yp}9 Jo suva ay
‘yea aaa |i suorssoutisuen
11° ]11y smouy 9y 205 ‘speBOW aeUMOJUN aYp YALA axED
(02 asooy> Aaya saLuaqy] JaAareYA ,s199/qNs
pue uorysey

sey SI "SUED S1Y JO
-2aqUT Sey MBIO}SON 2p pt
sui

sapun Aw 0] "98pug uopuoy axp Aq ‘areSsBuy yg
Supymauios ‘udyersttu JOU WE | 4 ‘SH1P] a} "pug seg ay
29,0 oTUTUOp swATE]> "(asIM J 12AIC) WIOY IMDVILYD 410

pig sye Ayqeumnsord) wey aug jpasuy

sile> oy meiason auos~peo] v ‘paspury, sejnonred
UC ‘suorssnozados Jeonyjod 10) apy] a1v9 OYA os ay
jo are soutdes aaneu isow pur ‘Aypeuosiad 2294
jozes ay se ‘pug ase aq Ut paspury aup 9x0 AuOYNE
pe] aound ay — ausautop sesmpiyy Ura
Sjjeunuou ‘snyp ‘pue — uopuoy jo ued v ysnowpyy
-suorBat ps
ola Speau st pug aseq s,uopuoT UT sJeUOU! o2 parpUtyy
jo ones ayp avy used] 02 aur asudins Ayaower 10u
plnow a1 Yoaeapua ue ojnary os Sundurne asja auosue

sxd.soUur ay A]uO wy

siy suod
Apooyg ‘Teanug ur Auonuuan siy suns aouud
ueadaaoe aioe se sip parazd

aBpapmouy>e 02 pasryar sey seaypryy "Suipurrs

ann due

HA J9yO UH Puy o1 >9dx9 IYI dHO YN

SurBeUN au Jo apt] aya 20} 2,ue> | pue ‘snsuD9 ayeang>e
ue uayea Aypuey avy | Ysnoypy {2s10y poreo|g pue
peop v.02 sary 2]1] papury aypadenre pjnom a>uId & yons
yep agnop Aue aq sx4p Uw? — yo Jan9q axe OY asoy
Aq pasousi Ajsnonequaiso zaypies‘sa1qqoq ayp Aq poyjoned
UL
so8uny s19yp Jo aspru.
yp Ur uana way swuopUOD sip ‘Jams pue Warp INO
puters am a2ayas aq 104 pjnom ay "UDUID:
Jo Wooeag & se 2x95 01 oNUNUOD pue moss AvuL "puE|sUg
uorsuaixa Aq pue ‘uopuoy 1p soqe] sty YBNomp
SEAL wey MoUy ¥
aya ‘siayzom Aupunoy ayp ‘S19yY0MyD0p aya Inq
aeUNUOJUN ae S194AO ‘HOw dup UI SurpuLrsatoxp asted
(01 Auessa20U yom ap op pUE Ano saajasutoyp and o2 Buy
-]}uavun ‘Aze] Aysnorago axe pug aseg ayp Jo soenbs yp Ut
Buyyjomp asoyp jo Auepy "sure auEIsuoD $419 yp sid9goe
pardasoe aq 0 ‘apt] Jo r9adse axeumuoyun ue
auv ‘aq qeio|dap apy ‘suorpuos asaxp weyp "ueUTyst|sUg,
Buryurya-aysts Az9A0 Jo st at se yorj9q wy AU st ay

Aood ‘paysuaaodun ‘papaox21940 st pug ase

WW Asor ay |]e pur sdaamskauwny>

saan
tp dq uy o1 uayods prom ajSurse uasa Suipuersiapun jo
zogead apn] sey ayo uewia] UAB sodoud v aetp os Sf>1Kp
pue—aroy uowmuo si yooads Kouy}s09 yead uyeaunoU
ABiux0 v yo apisayp uo aq aysiu a1 WEEP a1944 9}q}Sv9} 2101


whosufferstill and all who have suffered before. And too,
Thear the screams of things that never wore human skin,
screams that pierce the veil between worlds, No, some
things I dare not, even though the pursuit of science be

Ishould also mention, I think, one rumor of particu:
lar interest regarding the Kindred of the East End. [have

.en no evidence of this myself and would readily have
} dismissed it as paranoid whispers did I not keep hearing
the same tale from multiple sources.

If talk is to be believed, then, an asylum exists
somewhere in the labyrinthine squalor of the East End
Not unusual in itself, for this would hardly be the first
home for the insane in London (we have Bedlam to the
south, afterall). But the taletellers would have it that the
doctors who run this madhouse know of the Kindred,
that they take every opportunity to hunt down younger
vampires, to subdue them and to study them in depth,
Horrorstoriesof Kindred vivisectedalive or deconstructed
psychologically, fli from mouth to ear.

lc ay if this is true or not, and I think it
unlike e rejoices in the thought
that, at least in some small part, the Kindred may finally
find themselves on the receiving end of such violence

Ona Train Toward Wales

I cannot help but be amazed anew each time I
venture forth into the E ish countryside. London can
hardly lay claim to the only substantial city in
England, but so much of the countryside is open, green,

1e it must have been in the age of chiv: The
towns are small, the very picture of "pastoral," and the
manor houses of wealthy families sit high upon grassy
hillsides. Forall that Lam astaunch proponent of human
progress, there were times while in London proper when
Iwould have been grateful for a glimpse ofa green tree or
blooming flower.

The Kindred soul, if such a thing exists, does not
long for the same natural beauty as we, and precious little
out here is of use to them. Yet, I did find one particular
spot of interest, one evening when the train stopped in.
small hamlet to allow some travelers to disembark. The
populace, to the last man and woman, seemed ever s0
slightly off, as though the of animation to be found
within all mankind had somehow subtly weakened. The

on the train seemed oblivious to any peculiar
nut was ascertain of its lam of my ow
Aslam hardly obligated to pay for my transport, I chose
to investigate further and catch the train that I knew
would be passing through three days hence.

HLASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPHT)


There was, some several hours travel through the
dales, a manor house of the sort I previously mentioned
cdy stone, with overhanging
eaves, and surrounded by alush garden, as might be found
in the works of Emily Bronté. The inhabitants, as 1
swiftly discovered when the sun had fully set, were notso
benign.

— large, constructed of st

An entire household, a sick extended family of
Malkavians, dwelt in that manor! The town below, the
entire toun, was their herd; two-legged cattle kept as
food! I had said that this was a land out of the age of
chivalry, and surely, the vampire lords of the Dark Ages
must have held to similar arrangements.

I chose to depart on foot and await the train some
miles further down the track, although it meant several
days of solitude. The situation disturbed me greatly, as
ve no doubt it would disturb most rational minds, not,

ce, but by its implication. Throughout

nn be found many such small villages

ny such manors, each many days distant from its

neighbors. tis not uncommon for those who live in such

fashion to spend years interacting only with the same

dozen souls, save for the occasional traveler or the
brief glimpse ofa train.

How many? How many more manors, how many
more towns, rot under the touch of these rural Kindred?

Cardiff, Wales

Having bodily hurled myselfaboard the next passing
train —a feat made rather easier by the lack of any real
"body" involved — I swiftly put that sad little village
behind me and began once more looking ahead.

Little in the immediate environment alerts the ca-
sual traveler that he has passed from England to Wales.
The border is artificially marked, of course, but nature
ich distinctions. The weather remains damp
and mild of temperature, the scenery pastoral. Itis only
asonemovesbeyond the border into the heartland of this
nation that things look different. The Cambrian Moun-
tains in the center of Wales stand as God's sentries over
the surrounding lands, though it was the less dramatic
Brecon Beacons through which we passed on our journey
toward the cap
Upon reachiny

unexpected advanta

ignores

that city, I discovered quickly an

to my current state. Had I a

I form, were I forced — as are living men — to

n my information through direct conversation with

the natives, I would have left Cardiff ignorant. The
people here, asa rule, distrust Englishmen and all d

English. The rebellious Welsh have yet to accept the

‘CHATTER FOUR

notion that we have only their own best interests at
heart.

Cardiffhas developed into an important port, sitting
as it does at the mouths of the Taff and Ely Rivers on
Bristol Channel. Much of the coal and mineral wealth
mined throughout southern Wa
Cardiff on the Glamorganshire nd, from there,
shipped to England or other lands. While not nearly a
match for London's East End, it has begun to look very
much the proper, technologically advanced city. Refin-
eriesbelch the thick, black smoke that s the unfortunate
companion of progress, and the docks are visited by a
constant stream of vessels. In short, Cardiff is both
crowded and financially vital, two factors that are as-
sured to draw the attention of the Kindred.

The Prince of Cardiff is a Ventrue by th
Ows ap Gwian, an exceedingly pompous Welshman
whose family have dwelt on these lands since Roman
times. To all outward appearances, ap Gwian maintains
his domain (he holds Elysium in a private dwelling that
lies in the shadow of Cardiff Castle) in the approved
Camarilla fashion; that is, he keeps his primogen well in
line and otherwise allows them to go about their busi-
ness. Cardiff's vampire population is surprisingly small
and, thus, relatively easy to manage — ot so it appears
upon first examination.

The effort of several days and nights of deeper
investigation, however, painted forme an entirely differ-
ent picture.

brought through

me of

The prince is little more than a figurehead, though
he himself is utterly oblivious to this fact. Every web of
favors, every chain of command, seems ultimately to lead
back to one Ewfame Cyrawn. One of the Brujah, Cyrawn
makes a pest of herself just enough to remain a thorn in
ap Gwian's side without ever provoking a true conflict.
I spent several days observing Cyrawn, and I have
discovered that something rather disturbing is afoot. Far
more Kindred dwell in Cardiff than it seems at first
glance. Between Cyrawn's own childer and their get,
there must be near a score of Brujah in the city, utterly
unaccounted for by the prince. How she manages tokeep
thisexcess population secret, I surely donot know; were
she to be discovered, all her fellow Camarilla Kindred
would seek her destruction. Cyrawn uses many of these
Brujah in the coal mines outside of town. They work at
night, when no mortals are about, and they work s
for they've no fear of bad air and muscles that ne'
Others work the docks or along the canal, hiding ship-
ments, altering manifests and in all manners ensuring
that the coal and mineral shipments that leave Cardiff
are nominally smaller than those that arrive. The stolen

goods, combined with the riches the Brujah have mined


themselves, are then sold to private concerns at an

enormous profit to Cyrawn,

This Brujah is building her resources for some fell
purpose, of this Lam unshakably certain. I fear that I am
tunable to learn her precise motives — if there exists on
God's earth a language more antagonistic to the earsand
minds of good Englishmen than Welsh, I've yet to
encounter it. I am pretty well convinced that she does
not serve the Sabbat, and by all accounts, this would be
too subtle a maneuver for them in any case. As to what
she plans, or whom (if anyone) she does serve, I cannot
say. I know only that the most influential vampire in

Cardiff — and possibly in all of Wales — is rapidly
becoming the wealthiest as well

The only other Kindred I found of particular note
was the "nun." Sister Grace (not, I am quite certain, her
1e) makes her haven in the very Church of Saint
John the Baptist! I am not as religious a fellow as some,
but lama God-fearing Christian, and the thoughtof this
creature defiling a holy place is not a pleasant one tome.
She is Gangrel, a bestial creature like most of her clan,
and yet, she insists on parading about in full nun's habic
Other Kindred fear to draw near her, and I have even
heard the ludicrous claim that it is her "aura of holiness"
that holds other vampires at bay. Clearly, a laughable
concept at best, though I have seen with my own eyes
that some force about her indeed disturbs other Kindred
Whatever it may be, itis normally sufficient to keep her
out of the polities of her fellows, yer I have seen her
lurking about the edges of Elysium, unseen by other
Kindred eyes, so I must assume that she, as with all her
undead ilk, is plotting something,

The remainder of the country, or what portions of it
observed in my travels, seems to resemble Cardiff itself
in termsof Kindred population. Thatis, the nation seems
particularly populated with Ventrue, Brujah and Torea-
dor of the Camarilla sect.

Edinburgh, Scotland

Even passing back through England, the journey to
Edinburgh is not terribly long by train, but still, [found
myself losing track of the hours. The reader will almost
certainly have noticed that lam not dating my entries as
I travel from city to city in my investigation of vampiric
affairs. I can only apologize profusely for this failing on
my part. Asa scientist, I lament the lack of precision
apdash approach as lam takinghere.
Ever since my demise, however, I have found that my
trophied, for lack of any better
expression. So, | can only beg the reader's forgiveness
and indulgence in this regard.

bornna

inherent in such:

sense of time hi

137

Scotland is far more sharply delineated from En-
gland than is Wales. Beyond the Cheviot Hills, the land
opens like a blooming flower into the Lower Uplands of
gently rolling hills and occasional majestic mountains.
Few towns of any great size are to be found in this region,
ands peaceful asastay in one of the quaint litle vil:
might have proven, my schedule simply would not allow
for it. Knowledge waits for no man. Thus, it was with
some regret but firm resolve that I allowed the «
carry me north into the Central Lowlands that occupy
the middle of Scotland, separating the Uplands in the
south from the Highlands in the north — and, not
incidentally, the home of most of Scotland's major cities

into

inLondon. One would imagin

uch trifling concems as "hot" or "cold" have long
since ceased to bother me, but there you have it. Perhaps
itis psychological phenomenon. Edinburgh is located
on the southern coast of the Firth of Forth. While not
quite the center of commerce and shipping that Cardiff
has become, it is still the hub around which many
mercantile endeavors revolve. Of particular interest to.a
man of my education is Edinburgh's printing industry,
which has been a small but essential mainstay of the
city's economy since the 16th century.

The hills that abut the city are stunning in their
beauty, but few Kindred take advantage of these sur
roundings. To hear them speak of it, inhur
stalk the wild, beast-men and projected legends of the
"good folk," that frighten even they. One does, on
occasion, hear romantic (to say nothing of far-fetched)
tales of Scottish Gangrel who have been roaming the
Highlands since Celtic times, but I saw nothing of them.
If they do exist — and I rather strongly doubt that they
do — they never approached the Lowlands while I was
present. This is not to say that no Gangrel are active in
Scotland — short of the Ventrue and the clans I discuss
below, they seem among the most numerous — but all
those I encountered were relatively civilized, and many
even took part in the Kindred politics of the region, an
activity that many Gangrel elsewhe

Edinburgh's greatest virtue, I think, is its many
cultural and historical locations. Edinburgh Castle over-
looks the city from rocky cliffs above; the Holyrood
Palace, the Chapel of Saint Margaret and the Church of
Saint Giles can all be found in Edinburgh's Old Town.
The city is known widely across the British Isles for its
many museums.

Ifthe reader has, to thispoint, been payingattention
tomy studies, he will nodoubt not require me to tell him
that the Toreador clan claims dominance in the city
Between the multiple museums and histori
ties, an unheard of proportion of Old Town has been

in creatures

sschew

| curiosi

CHASING SUNSET (GEOGRAHN)


136

declared Elysium by Lady Besse Dancort, Edinburgh's
"prince" (a term that apparently, and quite puzelingly,
hasno gender-specific implication in Kindred parlance).
Despite infrequent attempts by outside powers (such as
London's Mithras) to introduce their own pawns into
Scotland's capital, Lady Besse and her Toreador appear
to have the city very well in hand, though I cannot help
burthink that thisis partially because many of Edinburgh's
eldest non-Toreador Kindred have long since relocated
to London or other, more swiftly growing cities.
Edinburgh's importance in the scheme of Kindred Brit-
ain appears to be on the wane.

Pethaps, for clarity's sake, what I should actually say
is that Edinburgh's importance to the C
appears to be on the wane. Worried rumors among the
Toreador fetes in Old Town, whispered across crowded
balls like the gossip of old women, suggest that they fear
the Sabbat has rest in Edinburgh (and
Glasgow as well, they say). 1 myself saw no trace of any
such thing, but my stay — limited in duration as circum
stances requited — was hardly lengthy enough for me to
rule out such a possibility

taken an i

Oddly, the reigning power in Edinburgh behind the
Toreador appears to be a true vampiric "family" — that
is, I can find no hint of their clan affiliation. These
"Dunsirn" Kindred keep largely to themselves, rarely
challenging the Toreador in any way. | find this particu-
larly unusual, as their influence seems to extend across
most of Scotland. I've little doubt that they could effec-
tively take Edinburgh from Lady Besse if they so chose.
Pethaps they fear the repercussions of angering the
Camarilla, of which sect I do not believe they are a part.
I would desperately like to learn more of these Dunsirn,
butsever
arrier that denies me entry. [had thought that my
state beyond death rendered me immune toanything the

oftheir largest havens appear to be warded by
some

Kindred might inflict upon me. Ifthis isnot the case, and

ast reasonable doubt, I shall
an Thave been thus far. Only
one thing do I know for certain about the Dun
their reputation precedes them. Polite society shuns
them, and all manner of grisly behavior has been attrib-
uted to them in the few nights I was able to gather

my experience here dos
have to be more cautious t

im —

information.

Ona Train Toward the North
Channel

(On the journey toward the west coast of
where | intended to board a ship to cross the channel to
the Emerald Is
first time since I felt the vampire lay hold of me from

cotland,

I found myself growing nervous for the

CHAPTER FOUR

behind on Waterloo Bridge Road. The sky was gray and
seemed low to earth, as if some great weight pressed down
upon the rolling clouds; stil, there was sufficient light to
see. I have run across other spirits in my travels — |
believe I even mentioned one previously — but never
have I seen them in such numbers! The Scottish coun-
ibsolutely fit to burst with the Restless Dead! I
rela guess as to why this might be. As violent
as this country's past is, it isno more so than many places
with far fewer ghosts. Furthermore, a great many of them
looked at me with strange, empty eyes, as though they
were somehow dead beyond death. More than one drew
near as the train swept by, and in a voice that carried
even over the perpetual rumble of the train, whispered
"Dunsim.
I think that I shall never visit in Scotland again.

Belfast, Ireland

The island is beautiful to approach from the sea,
mountainou
larger Scottish ranges (and, not unimportantly, easy
enough to dock at, though I understand the west coast is
far rockier). I know well that the interior of the island is
flatter, the entire mass bein
but still, from this angle, one could easily imagine that
the mountainsstretch forth to the very edges of creation,
We docked at Belfast after sailing through Belfast
Lough, an inlet of the Irish Sea, It is warmer here than on
the Brit enough to be
noticed. Aswith so many of Great Britain's largest cities,
Belfast is an important port for purposes of trade and
transport. A project to improve the quality of the harbor
was undertaken toward the latter daysof the last century,

without the intimidation of some of the

aped not unlike a basin;

th mainland — but just bare

allowing not merely increased trade, but a burgeoning
industry in shipbuilding. Linen and textile factories
‘operate beyond the docks and—

As I pen this entry, gazing out over the cluttered
streets where the poor of Belfast labor away, my eyes
rising until I can spot the larger and most assuredly
cleaner dwellings well away from the docks, I cannot
help but comment that England's influence is most
assuredly being feltacross the breadth of the British Isles.
For, is it not clear that, though the cultures that existed
before were very different and though the ancient his-
al sites are all of differing styles, still do cities such as
Edinburgh and Belfast slowly but surely grow to resemble
smaller reflections of great London hers
ed development? | might imagine, I think, no
greater sign of the rightness of our cause.

i, the pinnacle
of civil

Despite numerous attempts at returning Ireland to
partial home rule through legislative means — the 1893


attempt by Prime Minister William Gladstone, which
was firmly voted down by Parliament, being only the
most recent — the Emerald Isle isstill quite firmly under
English dominion (as, I must add, is quite proper). Many
of the Irishmen, hot-tempered a race as th
patently unsuited to govern themselves, yet they utterly
refuse to accept our guiding hand. Although less active
than in decades past, the Fenian movement —so named
for Finn MacCool, some Irish folk hero or other — is still
responsible for numerous murders of English dignitaries
and bombings on both English and Irish soil. Nor are the
Fenians the only separatist movement in Ireland. Com-
bined, then, with the frequent unrest between Catholics
and Protestants, which struggle has been going on since
the earliest days of Reformation, they often cause the
Emerald Isle to run red with blood.

‘As is so often the case, the Kindred of Ireland are
only too happy to mimic humanity's follies.

Strangely, neither Belfast, nor the city of Dublin far
tothe south, hasa prince. Two Kindred of Belfast, one by
the name of Caitlin O'Shae (whom I believe, but cannot
prove, to be Ventrue) and a Nosferatu calling himself
only Milesius, claim the fief jointly over a swiftly crum-
bling society of Kindred. (Its assuredly a bizarre pairing,
butitisno stranger than the primogen council of Brujah
and Toreador who claim the fief of Connachta from
Dublin.) What possible relationship or arrangement
keeps this odd couple working together, 've no notion,
buticissafe tosay that they are swiftly losingsway in their
demesne. Mithras has attempted, more than once, to
establish some influence over northern Ireland. Belfast
and the fief of Ulster are engaged deeply in a long-
standing feud with Dublin (though few Kindred pass
between them, for fear ofa particular clan of werewolves
that seem to be native to the region).

Icis, perhaps, ironic that the greatest threat to the
stability of Belfast's Kindred is much the same that
threatens the ci population. I refer, of course,
to the religious and political strife that sweeps the entire
Irish state like a plague. The Fenians and other such
radical organizations are being bandied about and ma-
nipulated by so many mortal and Kindred factions, Lam
nothing short of astounded th
nessatall
to strike at targets in London that will cripple Mithras'
ability to extend his reach. The primogen of Dublin pull
what strings they have, like mad puppeteers, to arrange
for the bombings of the havens of Belfast Kindred. So

's mort

an retainany cohesive
Shae and Milesius encourage these factions

139

caught up are the Camarilla Kindred of Ireland in their
own petty squabbles, they fail to see the true enemy
slipping in through the flue.

Task you, wise reader, what possible reason could a
Spanish aristocrat have for providing financial backing
and shipmentsof arms toan Irish separatist organization?
Ieseems an unlikely arrangement, al claims of sympathy
for the oppressed Catholic Irish notwithstanding.

It makes more sense, pethaps, once one knows that
the aristocrat — a gentleman with the unlikely name of
Rafael Mi
honor of membership in both the Sabbat and the un
natural Lasombraclan. Hisconnections with the Fenians
and others have enabled him to insert numerous agita-
tors into the local Kindred population, and he himself
has recently arrived for an extended visit with adearold
friend." IfMi ae continue on their present
course, they are likely to find their city, ifnot eventually
their entire isle, pulled from under them.

ye Molinero Ruiz — claims the dubious

iusand

Aid may be arriving in the shape of the Tremere
warlocks. Mere days before I departed the island, I heard
tell that a small brood of the magicians planned to
purchase a sizable estate near Belfast's west side. With
insufficient time to investigate their motivations fully, I
cannot say if they are here to aid the city's beleaguered
Kindred orto supplant them —or possibly for any d
other reasons, not the least of which might be to study
the region's indigenous werewolf population (so men:

tioned above), who are said to be powerful mystics in
their own right.

I have even heard rumors of other creatures, fae
spirits utterly unlike any I have yet encountered, drawn
forth from the pages of children's stories. I would scoff
even to think of it, yet I clearly observed, with my own
eyes, that the fortunes of Kindred who left offerings for
the "wee folk'
takably more
possibly little more than legend, claims that a Ventrue
particularly known for scoffing at such fables found
explicably moved from the darkened depths of
his haven into a room with a western exposure in the
middle of a bright afternoon. If such oddities do exist, it
is possible that the Tremere, ever curious, have come to

ar both haven and Elysium were unmis-
worable than those whodid not. One tale,

himselfii

investigate them.

If so, I wish them the best of luck seeking their
rainbow and their pot of gold, but I've other travels to
undertake.

CHASING SUNSET vOGRAPHDD


Pp 20, v7, Se pasauppe sioy.o axp woYs Is w UEYE
drow jareq "UEUION SUNOS w Aq pa| Sem aar9Sq0 02 21g!
sew | uaiound ayp jo Sunaow ajsiuis ayy Sanuapr sty
oauesous} ae saafoswioyp pospury 24p UDA IeYp YUN |
— ,‘adiowud , Buspseor suonesi9auo> snosownu preoy
| —s0und
‘poapuy ‘uonsod snouessid & ur siapea] paspury Sit
posejd sey stip pur ‘uoissaufite aeqqeg 40} 9832 aI12048}
B si Uogst] yNSI e sy Do} SeIPNEWED aI prexor
$yysvaysuea] uredg aprys ‘Auortusaa aeqqes pur eee)
uupawsiaq Aquana ads st yesimgog wtp sw9as a1 soxdiorut

ane Avy Sop Ajpaunsse asotu Yogst ayy

01 ‘offinns yo unowre jJews ou YH ‘9]ge sea | UORS
-s9AU0D 2eYss WO1g -pareqeUN soMuNUED aIeeM PIIPULy
aqp ‘sino ‘Suny auazzn9 atp pue A ospag 1pUnN paudss9y
avy |] EEPY Uaangy jo UBlax atp aduIs uoRE|Ndod ed
sous jeSniog paddul aaey aewp sopS8nns jeonyjod a4p
2]RYA\ TeSna0g Ut ajfinns weqqeg/e|| EWES ayp Jo UOIS
-snouadas 4]uo ay 1no> JensnuN Z9qEI SI $1 JON
aovid

Ad
uv 298162 02 AJoytJUN 9g Pynows Ay rwYp 39} VOgst"] Jo
parpury ey ewe atp pue— awanxo aip ur SupeuNyUy
9q 02 aondeid uo soup Aq AaysrypY ay UF ysTEy s,eW
Buryyap somdurea jo uonou Aaa. atp puy | YSNoy — 20}
snorfit]au Aeynonaed ase uredg jo exquiose7] aup "Apua
-anddly y)981 9g atp apisano wos Auo 9}q}ss929" a1e IY
szoop uappry yata siaquneyjespotae> aya on pappe asians
ssoqumeyp [Jets [219498 ‘uoResOIsa4 ase] atp SuUNg]"I0U
sem | ‘paepu puv ‘sasodand aio s19qp 40} 31 9sn paxpury
aya 2e4p usea} 02 pastadans ua9q aavy 204 PINOYs |

§joy e paisodsoa pue quaroue os uryara pared9] un

ssou pu uayp udaxag Yost] YRS 2464 Kp soxyenb
aup jo yeasaas ut pafiewep uaaq BuLavy ‘suorse>00 3]dn
{nw Uo paorso1 pur ajingar uo9q sey 2t ‘wnruUDTW e
3940 40} J94OUL 40 WO} 9UO UI Poors sey Lp (anbsow
21we[s] J9uLO} ‘puesiapuN or UM we | ‘pue) [ep
peo anbsouemoy ‘a8ie] Vy :aaissoudun Apsepnonsed s1
36 911 "Wos Aapuns jo sjexpoupe> pu saypuny Yate sou
-Snos>ipn] jo wrod axp 01 éjseau [ny pue sudoystqypae
tue Jo reas ayp ey UF ‘st ay "aed ope ApANoaap.
© 1 ‘ensuUg UEHag] a4 JO OW >x"] "WOgsr
10}
spurs wopuor 2e4p je o2]nsUL We9q p]nom 1 ‘ey 29810)
T pinoyg auowooueape suew jo onposdsg Arwss999u
Ajainjosqe ang axeumoyun ue st UopuoT se Yons san1>
ur Aameag ypns jo sso 242 2eqp *4]]RY9>20} ‘shu pura?
61990 ueyp ayow pey | -uBisap [e>180] a20ur YonUN e pue
nbypaea
eau axp sa ye Ing s9AaNoy ‘An19 atp Jo SuORIOd JN
aysiu uogsr] ap Ut auoTe Buryjem o8 02 sasooy> [nos
azbunofUn awOs UDYs PaIpUTY s,4019 ayp 40} punos®

san yim pau] sanuaae s9pia asv0g ‘C6) | JO>

Sununy auojjooxo ue apraoid shemdg asap auiewr
| *moueu auinb pue poyoor yzog axe 419 pjo ax jo

WOLD

sians ay ‘sordoues puv sjoos jo s194vj ut sadojs s0]]24s,
ap Bumpusosap ‘paoeisaa stat s]p1y Jo a8uex wo} & Jo pis
aup uodn éppoauip ying st uogst7] Jo yanyy -2zmy]N9 WI YU
pue‘sjoaen Aur porayunoaua §jsnotsaud poy junypaue
Jun ‘20jd jnynineag e sty "sas Ka19 a4p Aq atODI9N0
Ayreau 4x94 seas | eatuse Aw Uodn 9ptya UOYs v 04
1899 18
200d aq J] soaneu ayp yo aniojerp tas ayp puerssopuN
on Arpqe Aur aeay | ‘ofendiuey amsis s11 o2 seus Aig.
2 preuias s} asansimaog ayrym pur "ystuedg yo Supa news
© Aquo yeads | -pospury, aaneu ayp Jo MOUy o2 prou.
[24a Suruse9| Jo ajgede> anoud yu | 3eYp adoy |
ajs] Yshlag aya ueyp aBesa4e Uo JOULE
iq & Aquo s1 UoneN ayp Jo JoNAUT snoureUNoW xp,
-earaya\ — ploo axp weyp S89] sey ayers aUDLIN Au UH UE
yp yurep [404 ‘oun exp We p
aid e — stptuow sous atp Suan

\ure10U

sured jeiseoo ayp uo 104 arIMb sox ue> a aeIp ‘S198
-uassed ayo ayp jo a}qqeq pauoxe ayp ela ‘pueysapun
0 uaa! we | "uredg out uo pue ‘ejansy ap eH
pate? e8ue1 werunow yenuas sit ased ‘jemuog ysnomp
uodsuen jo suvour Aw apysoud pia yoryss Gaary ofe | ax
Jo Yanous 4494 oyp ae sus sJasut UOgst "payaaen 294 avy
nuiooaq Appides yoryas
‘souaiut s,zoneu ayp 02 uTE]d a4p sso19 sI9.ArY "AaUNOg St
‘wou paaj pjnop uoneu anu ayp Yury ays weUEe rey
poreanyno Ajasuaaut pue Ajisvay os "urvjd jeiseo> uado
‘uv jo A]aBize} asisuo> JesIMnI0g Jo ynog puEIs9/A\ YL
‘aened ayp 01 se azHO9y)

T spur] Aue se snouerunow se

Aquo ew | ‘99uasaad 911 uuyuod A]Jeuosiad pue ame939

Ae
Auseo pynos pooyg ay2 Jo Suruuny Yy "aseasip 20 ssoupIs
vas aaipia yo sworduiss auoredde soypo au jo suou
{yim 104 «Pog atp jo ssounzwam pue Atpede tpiog wosy

yp are20] 02 a]qeun sem J se ang ‘ores e Yons pasned

Suuayns pur sueuaiunod jo a]ed Ajjensnun Suueadde
1 A[pEW |} swoor Jo axIns seNd7
-uassed ayp ‘St aeyp Spreoqe

Jo auo anayjaq | uodsuen
oft e ‘9saiay J pug aup pxvoqe YOST] Ur poate |

je8nqsog ‘uogsr'|

{pms
enpiarpur ue suoneu Auew xp jo afer or pasinbas aq
13S jeYS | Oye swDr poapury

Uueqp 21 Jo s9] wou s | sv nq — assno9 Jo <9/s] YsHLUG
aup Sunadsoxo — rerumey sour ure | y>Iya Yam pos.
aup Jo uorfa1 ayp st ay -aBeas pom ayp soxeys purjsug
{PTY IA suoNeU aso4p Jo oN O1 aUHoY st adoung

ed 9u0 ur! sio8

1 paupury ax.
Suassed 01 pauiaauod diys

any

22000 Ut "P]NOYs |

sox AUEUE UF IUAUNUOD Is9pjO S,PHOM ay,

odomy
On


Principe" — the Voice of the Prince. For other Kindred,
elder Kindred, to pay heed to the words of a mortal, she
must indeed speak for someone of great power,

‘The Voice

Given the Machiavellian and twisted thought
patterns of the Kindred, it would, of course, be far
too obvious for "the Voice" co actually be the
prince in disguise, attempting to make herself less
ofa target, would itnot?

Nothing is too obvious. This young woman is
the Prince of Lisbon — in a manner of speaking.
More accurately, this young woman is the prince
only in as much as the prince currently inhabits
thisparticularform. The true Princeof Lisbon, one
Eugénio Vicente de Olisipo of the Toreador clan,
was killed by a Sabbar pack several years ago. As
with our tenacious narrator, Eugenio has unfin-
ished business and refuses, as of yet, to move on.
Lacking his own body and uncertain that the
Kindred would follow a spirit; the prince "went
into hiding" from the Sabbat and arranged to
deliver his orders through "proxies."

For the nonce, the other Kindred of Lisbon
abide by this arrangement, but several among the

primogen have begun to covet the princedom. If

Eugénio is too frightened to emerge and deal with
his affairs personally, surely, other, more effective
leadership is called for?

How long the phantom prince can maintain
both his power and his secret is questionable —
and as he struggles, the Sabbat continue to lurk
about the threshold of Lisbon, scenting for any
sign of weakness within.

Idonot anticipate my nextstop tobea pleasantone.
I move from here into territory that is unquestionably
dominated by the Sabbat. Were I not already beyond
their ability to harm—I think — I would hesitate to go
aval

On the Tajo River, Spain
Texperienced, I must confess, nosmall temptation to
Iter the course of my journey and turn south toward
. Asa colony of the Crown, it
of my countrymen, and already, I was feeling the need to
English voices. My greater purpose won out over my
own selfish concerns, of course, and I proceeded, via a
small barge, to travel upriver.

home toseveral

The Spanish countryside
grasses, farmed fields and vineyards. The greatest portion
ofthe nation isa large plateau, almostbereftof trees. This
Meseta Central is further divided into northern and
southern regions by ranges of irregular mountains. Had |
arrived during the summer, and did I still possess the
requisite flesh, Lam sure I would have been quite uncom:

is open and pristine, full of

fortable, for it can reach stifling temperatures, in excess
of 100 degrees at times. As itis, had I arrived but a few
weeks later, I might have found some of the streams near
the heartland fre
climatic feature t

solid. It rains infrequently he
{will require some adjustment on my
part. [am accustomed to thinking of rain a
nearly as constant as the ground beneath my feet.
Considering both my knowledge of history and my
observationsof various communities and villages through
which we passed on the way toward Madrid, I must

companion

observe that Spain isa nation whose best days are behind
it.Itisawondrousplace, elegantand graceful, butitisthe
grace and elegance of an aged noblewoman who knows,
her youth and her ily draw
further from her grasp by the tides of time. Spain is tired.
Within the past century alone, it has been torn apart by
multiple civil wars, as liberals and conserv
crats and monarchists vie for power. They have been
subjugated beneath, and subsequently freed from, the
rule of France's Napoleon (with our own noble assis
tance, 1 might hastily add). Most of Spain's colonies
across the globe have been lost: M
pendent for decades, and the current revolution on the
island of Cuba, backed by the Ameri
likely tosucceed than did the previous. Spain ha
been enemy to England as ally, yet I cannot help but
moum the slow dissolution of so great and noble an
empire.

Those who would dare suggest the British Empire is
headed down the same path, based solely upon the
achievement of American Independence, clearly have
no notion of what they speak and are worth neither the
time nor effort required to hear them out.

Madrid, Spain

The Tajo River brought me relatively near Madrid,
but it does not flow directly to the Spanish capital. The
remainder of the journey w
both well-used roads and tiny
stant footfalls of Spanish farmé
carts. The climate grows milder:
itself. Pethaps this is due to the wind and weather
patterns in the Sierra de Guadarrama and Sierra de
Gredos mountain ranges.

authority slowly but st

ico has been inde-
soften

undertaken on foot, on
ths formed by the con-
and their mule-
oneapproaches Madrid

lrawn

‘CHASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPHT


The line of demarcation between Madrid and the
surrounding farmlands is astonishingly sharp, and one
can step from
The heart of the old city isstill surrounded by adefensive
wall, and only within the past several decadeshas Madrid
grown far beyond it; the Barrio de Salamanca to the east
the firstsuch expansion, is an exclusive region, inhabited
only by the city's wealthy elite
Enormous plazas are scattered throughout the city,
many surrounded by ancient buildings of great historical
value. The Royal Palace (built after the Alcazar Pal
was destroyed by fire in the 1730s) stands on the site of
aformer Roman fortification and overlooks the westside
of the city. The Calle Mayor, Madrid's main street, takes
the traveler from the palace to the Plaza Mayor, a large
plaza witha market that isstill one of Madrid's economic
mainstays.
I was quite startled upon my arrival. 1 would have
judging by many of the horror stories I have
rd, thata city under the sway of the dread Sabbat
jer and far less prosperous. Perhaps that is
but the Lasombra have laid claim to Spain
ars uncounted, and they treat their homeland with
respect. The Sabbat may go unchallenged here — and I
found no trace of more than the most minute Camarilla
presence to contest its authority — but it does so with a
ersubtlety than I would previously have credited it
I see something in the eyes of the people, however,
something of which even they, I think, are unaware.
Somewhere in their mind, buried deep away from con:
scious thought, they know that here, in Madrid, they are
prey
A public park on the east side of the city proves a
popular gathering spot for the citizens of Madrid — so
long as they have left by nightfall. Through careful
observation, I have leamed that a powerful Gangrel
makes her haven here. Her fellow Kindred call her R
ifshe has any other name, I have never heard it spoken
She appears to be quite old — like many elder Gangrel,
she has a startling number of inhuman features,
her very nearly the equal of any Nosferatu for sheer
hideousness. I rook her, at first, to be the Sabbat Prince
of Madrid (I did not know at the time that the Sabbat
prefer the term "archbishop" to "prince"; what arro:
ce!) [learned later, from a chance remark spoken by
several other vampires in aseparate portion of town, that

she, in fact, holds the title of knight or templar (I cannot

say which, as terms were bandied about), anointed in the
service of one Archbishop Mongada.

According to the vampires of the city, Mongada
himself dwells in a catacomb beneath Madrid, con
nected to multiple churches and with a central chamber


ath one of the city's ancient cathedrals.
myself was unable to confirm this, as I was rebuffed each
time I attempted entry into this supposed warren. It was
not entirely like my experience in Scotland; if | must
draw a parallel, inaccur: xy be, Lwould be forced
to explain that it fele much like the reaction I observed
inthose Kindred who encountered Sister Grace in Cardift.
I still scoff at the notion that any vampire could draw
power from their corrupt mockery of faith in God, but I
am forced to conclude that some truly devout Kindred
are indeed drawing such power from somewhere. Specu-

asitn

lation as to the source would be both melodramatic and
unscientific, so I shall explain only that I was forced to
leave Madrid with mere second-hand information on
this Mon

Ona Ship, in the
Mediterranean Sea

Although it took me more than a short way off
determined that I would employ river travel to

east coast and then board a ship to travel up the coast
toFrance, rather than travelingoverland. Itwas my hope
that I might disembark fo:
which seems to me a most remarkable city in terms of
Kindred affairs. Comments overheard in both Lisbon
and Madrid lead me to believe that the Kindred popula-
tion of Barcelona is made up of both

a short time in Barcelona,

‘amarilla and
Sabbat vampires — and yet, these creatures get along
with each other, if not well, then at least with far less
antagonism than is common actoss these sect divisions.

Unfortunately, the ship, which had put into the port
at Valencia for purposes of making only minor repairs,
was delayed in leaving when said work required several
days longer tk This being a cargo ship as
well as a passenger vessel, the captain determined to
make up for lost time, and so, an intended stop at
Barcelona wascanceled. As | mentioned previously, Lam
not prepared to travel across the sea bed, no matter th:
such might be safe for me now, andso, I could only watch
the coast slip by — and Barcelona with it.

n anticipate

We will put into portshortly, and I will immediately
set about trying to find a train to Paris.

Daris, France

The journey by train was both long and, dare I say it,
relatively uninteresting. Although we passed through
multiple cities, including Bourges and Orleans, [learned
little of the Kindred during my travels. 1

admit, anxious to reach Paris, and I chose not to take the

time to investigate these other regions. Lwasable to learn.

that the Camarilla claims dominion in nearly all of
France's major cities. The Sabb:
of Spain to the southw
only a moderate number of its own vampites into posi
tions of power. Ventrue and Toreador dominate the
princedoms, save fora select few cities, and all th
of the Camarilla can be found in great numbers through

despite its stronghold

t, has succeeded in introducing

clans

out.

Ieis cold here. Although not so chilly as it was back
home, still itis more than moderately uncomfortable,
and the train passed through more than one snow flurry,
come early in the season. Again, I found myself damning
the vampire who murdered me, for his timing if naught
else. Summers here are hot, albeit less so than those in
Spain and Portugal, and I would have preferred to feel
such warmth radiating through me. It rains less fre
quently here than in Engl:
prove that precipitation is common enough

Paris possesses an unshakable belief in and fascin:
tion with its own perceived superiori
republic that has not yet shed the attitudes of monarchy
Paris i, by far, the preeminent city in France — as goes
Paris, so goes the nation, be it polities, style or whathave
you—but tohearthe people of Parisspeak, the restof the
lobe must surely follow, else the foreigners clearly prove
their inferiority. A man such as 1 might think the
Parisians were unaware that Napoleon did, in fact, fail to
conquer the world. This attitude is, if anything, even
more pronounced among many of the city's Kindred
than itisamong the mortals. The so-called City of Lights
itself is designed, it seems t0 me, to so impress the new
arrival with its elegant majesty that he will fail, upon

1d, though the snows I saw

France is a

closer inspection, to observe the cracks in the city's
facadeand the rot that lurksbeneath. Magnificent cobbled.
boulevards are lined by scores of gas lamps, illuminating
the night so brightly d ary f
need to acknowledge the change from day to night and.
back again. Save for parks and 200s at th:
specifically set aside for just such a purpos
in greenery, presenting an appearance much like London
in that regard — yet, without London'sair of technologi-
cal progress

I can think of fewer cities
own magnificence. The catalogue of landmarks in Paris
is nothing shy of ponderous: the Cathedral of Notre
Dame, locatedon the llede la Cité, an
of the Seine River, draws countle:
archedhallsand pealing bells. felt, interestingly enough,
an utter lack of the sensation I had experienced when
attempting to enter Mongada's abode in Madrid. If this
"faith" nonsense has any truth to it, Notre Dame has lost
any such aura it might once ha

e much of the Isno

edges of town,
thecity lacks

more enamored of their
land in the midst

thousands to its

e boasted. The Louvre,

CHLASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPHDD


i

Paris' former royal palace, plays host to mortal and
Kindred aficio art and history alike, and the
Invalides, built for the soldiers of Louis XI, now serves as
tomb to France's little dictator

Despite the tru
of these sites and many more, Paris is not content to let
them stand on their own merits. The Are de Triomphe,
the Place de 'Opéra, the Place de I'Etoile, the Eiffel
Tower — none of these recent addi
meaning to the Parisians, yet they
off proudly, not unlike baubles purchased for them by a
rich suitor they have no intention of marrying.

Perhaps, though, they've reason for trying to blind
the eye with radiant, if artificial, beau
hides the darker side to Paris. I have said before that itis
an unfortunate but necessary thing that London has its
East Side to match its West. Patis, too, has its filthy
aspect, but it does not have the grace to hold it separate.
In ll but the most wealthy of Paris' divisions, the dark
alleys and the starving poor stand out like blemishes on
the skin of the city. They've the same degree of poverty,
filth, disease and crime as anyone else, perhaps more, but
they refuse to acknowledge it in any wa they
are choosing to indulge in such vices, as a way of staving
off the "ennu" that so many of them find fashionable.

Again, itis so much worse among the Kindred. The
vampires of Paris, despite being as urbane and fashion-
able as one could want, often resort to vile—or, at least,
outside the pale —means of entertainment. The prince,
Francois Villon of the Toreador clan (and really, could
he have been anything else?), is a brilliant
ruthless opponent. He has crushed, in his tenure, coup
attempts from within his own ranks, incursions by the
dread Sabbat and even, I am given to understand, an
attempt by an assembly of mortal witches to purge Paris,
of all Kindred (a goal to which, I must say, I find myself
not entirely opposed). He has particular interest in the
fashion community and has often derived much amuse-
ment from creating trends that involve apparel of the
‘most uncomfortable sort; he enjoys pushing the limits of
what desperate men and women will do to fit in with
their "stylish" brethren.

historical and cultural significance

historic:

Such artifice

unl

ler anda

Recently, Villon has tried something new, some-
thing that would c
and take notice we

se even the jaded Kindred to sit up
they to learn of it. The prince has

anew paramour, which is notin itself unusual — but this
vampire, I have learned by eavesdropping on their most

private moments (a loathsome activity to which I would
never stoop, were it not for so vital a purpose), is
Trimisce! I have seen her shaping her flesh like wet clay,
to suit her lover's fancy — and his as well, though they

alwaystake pains to return him tohis norm

‘CHAPTER FOUR

before he departs the boudoir. So far as I can tell, the
prince has not in any way betrayed his sect, refusing to
allow his personal enjoyments to cross with his duties,
never speaking to her in any way of his plans; yet, [think
his fellow Kindred would not be comforted by this fact
were they to learn of this disturbing illicit affair. Their
reaction would be stronger still were they to learn of the
Sabbat enclave — which currently consists of only a
handful of vampires but gives every sign of growing —
that has taken haven in Paris' south side
speaks his lover's name, but I believe I once overheard
him call her "Sasha."
Although Parishasa
— Ihave found, though one might certainly have ex-
pected otherwise, that they re, in fact, the most populous
of Paris' clans, shortof the Toreador th
hidea tures largely eschew Paris' nighttime poli-
tics. Whether this desire is their own or due to Villon's
refusal to deal with them, I cannot say, but they, along
with a smattering of Brujah and the mad Malkavians,
clearly own the night in the poor and downtrodden
portions of town, regardless of any contrary claims the
prince might make. There appears, as well, to be a
growing population of the loathsome Followers of S
doubt drawn to Paris by the scent of the Kindred locals
debauchery

Villon rarely

able population of Nosferatu

I was startled to find as I investigated the labyrin-
thine sewer system beneath the Paris streets that the
Nosferatu are not the only faction of Kindred dwelling
within! Not terribly far from Notre Dame, I found an
entire wing of the sewers that had been drastically
altered. Rooms have been added well above the level of
the waters, and carpetsand tapestrieshave been installed
nbers where the moisture is unlikely to rot
them away. Two or three of the larger chambers even
boast wood-paneled dancing floors and crystal chande-

in those cl

liers! Who, I wondered, could possibly demand such
‘opulence in the heart of such filth?

The Toreador, ofcourse. A small oterieofthat clan,
having violated even the nebulous moral boundaries of
ished from the
city some two decades gone by decree of Prince Villon
Rather than depart, the rogue vampires retreated down

the city's mainstream Kindred, were bi

here, where they continue their "art
1d I a stomach, I would have vomited all its
contents upon discovery of their endeavors. These To-
reador form their art from the living flesh of human men
and women kidnaped from the streets above, Kept alive
by regular draughts of Kindred blood, which grants them
inhuman endurance, they are sliced and deformed as
living sculpture, some literally sewn or bolted into poses:
piric tormentors find aesthetically pleasing to


the eye. One unfortunate couple, still garbed in the
tatters of their wedding dress, were quite literally sewn
one to the other ina mockery ofthe
to think of the horrors the:

toflove. [shudder
creatures might inflict were
they ever to learn the
and I give thanks
own indiscretions.
Had I any means of making my presence known to
would inform him of the ungodly cre:

misce's gift of flesh-sculpring,
they remain unaware of Villon's

ures that

h his feet, that he might stamp them out and
grant a merciful d
cannot, not without endangering the remainder of my
studies. Although ittearsat the heart and the soul, I must
leave these poor people to their fate,

th to their suffering victims. Yer, I

ind pray to God
above that some other savior may come and free them.
A thought occurs to me. Rot beneath a veneer of
beauty and elegance, boredom tha

entertainments of the vilest sort — F
for the Kindred, | r

many of the same qualities

Bern, Switzerland

Thave decided to make
travel briefly through Bern,

leads to depraved
ris is tailor-made
because they share so very

quick eastward jaunt and
ther than heading due

north as I had originally planned from Paris. It wil allow

me to avoid having to come back quite so far in future
travels.

Ieis fortuna
through the western portion of Switzerland, one of the
few regions of the country that is not dominated by the

iss Alps. The mountains are impossible to cross in
as, but my route takes me well between the
Bernese Alpsin the South and the Jura Mountains in the
Northwest. This relative

e that the trip from Paris to Bern passes

many a

latland encompasses the cen-
ter of the nation as well, stretching from Lake C
the Southwest to the Lake of

east. The so-called Swiss plat
moderately hilly and is home to numerous streams and

neva in
stance in the North-
u is still more than

chilly. Still, better here than in the north a
mountain elevations, where the temper
ther still, transforming mere cold to a bone-chilling
e frequently, but not so much on the
as in the mountains.

ture drops fur-

freeze. It snows he
platea
Bern itselfsits on a high promontory in a sharp bend

of the Aare River, which surrounds the city on three
large cathedral, several museums

CHASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPE


and the University of Bern. The strangest feature of the
inly have to be the
Barengraben, or "Bear Pit." This open pit is home to
several bears which are kept by the people of Bern as
mascots and living symbols. (I hardly need even tell the
astute reader that italso sometimes plays haven to one of
amed Crispin

city, however, would almost

the city's Gangrel, a horribly sh:
Schaffner.)

Switzerland has only recently adopted a new consti
tution after the various invasions (launched by our dear
French friend Napoleon) and multiple civil conflicts of
the past century. While its system of government is
unusual — it grants unprecedented power to individual
cantons and communes — the new constitution has
reinforced, rather than revoked, Swiss determination to
be neutral in all worldwide political affairs. Bern's Kin-
dred prince, one Purissimma Giess, has taken advantage
of her country's political attitudes and has made her
reputation and built her influence as a mediator of other
Kindred affairs. She has succeeded in settling conflicts
between Camarilla elders or even those involving sev-
eral independent clans (such as the Giovanni in nearby
Italy). Of course, those who avail themselves of her
services then owe herasubstantial boon afterward, but as
she inevitably (and wisely) asks less than they stood to
lose had their conflicts continued unabated, a startling
number of regional Kindred choose to make use of her
talents. I have heard, however, that Prince Giess herself
answers to an elder vampire, called Guillaume, who
holds some amount ofsway over the entire nation. [have
unfortunately been unable to learn more of this mysteri-
‘ous "over-prince."

cannot help but wonder what Giess would do with,
a hostile party refusing to recognize her neutrality. She
1, tomy knowledge, deale with the Sabbat in
any numbers; surrounded as Switzerland is by Camarilla
dominated regions (save, again, for northern Italy), the
enemy sect has little opportunity to assault Switzerland
in any force. Ventrue and Brujah occupy most of the
nation, with a sizable number of Toreador, Tremere and
ral Gangrel as well. It will be interesting to see
how long Prince Giess can maintain her balancing act,
especially should the Sabbat succeed in planting more
agents in Bern than the lone pack it has hiding there

Ici also worth nothing that while Bern — indeed,
allofSwitzerland—islargelydominatedby the Camarilla,

ble contingent of Giovanni operates throughout
the nation. Giovanni interests appear limited to
Switzerland's growing banking industry, and their paths
rarely cross with Prince Giess or the other local Kindred,
save where fiscal matters are concerned. To date, what

CHAPTER FOUR

interaction has taken place has been relatively free of
conflict.

Brussels, Belgium
Belgium has often been the prize of larger nations
and has, at various times throughout its traumatic life,
been in the possession of France, Holland and S|
all multiple times, and all within the pa
Brussels, its capital, is a surprisingly attractive city,
for all the warfare that has surrounded it. It shares the
temperate climate of its neighbors, |:
either temperature or precipitation. The stained-glass
windows of the Church of Saints Michael and
are absolutely stunning, an astounding work of both art
and architecture that has survived from the 13th cen-
tury. The equally impressive Royal Palace served as
;onarchy — when such a thingexisted here
— and the University of Brussels

two centuries!

ing extremes of

judule

home tothe
both impressive to
observe and a source of erudition and enlightenment for
all. Had I allowed myself, I might have gotten lost for
daysin the Royal Library, the Royal Museum of Fine Arts
orany one of several academies of medicine, science and
higher learning. Even the port near the Vilvoorde is less
disreputable than many similar areas in other cities 1
have observed.

Thad not, in point of fact, intended to stop here —
but as Brussels is the hub of a great many railways and as
my journey north perforce passed through it, I chose to
delay my departure long enough to look around. I am
now grateful that I did so, for in addition to a short yet
impressive tour of this fine city, Lhave discovered some-
thing unheard of among the Kindred here as wel.

Although it seems impossible to believe — or even
to conceive of such a thing! — the Kindred of Brussels
seem remarkably free ofthe strife of other vampires. The
achery, the subtle maneuverings, all
these things that I had taken to be as integral a part of
Kindred nature as the need for blood itself, are in all ways
absent from this city. The princ

competition, the t

the Mademoiselle
Camille Duchesne, is of the Ventrue. Her primogen
consists of but two other vampires, the Brujah Guy de
Burgundy and the Malkavian Ludmill
Never, if whisper and rumor are to be believed, have they
come into quarrel over any major issue, nor is conflict

an der Holst.

common among the Kindred over whom they claim
‘eminence. Even Sabbat are welcome in Brussels, so long
as they do not violate the peace — and those who come
here do not. Not merely is their rivalry-free collabora-
tion unprecedented in my experience with the Kindred,
but they carry it beyond even the borders of their own
city, cooperating with other demesnes in Belgium and
even with most cities of Holland! How such a thing is


possible, I cannot begin to guess, but it raised my opinion,
of the Kindred as a species: If such as these can work
together in fellowship, perhaps others can learn todo the

I would stay to learn more — but this was, as I say,

intended as a brief stop.

What Price Peace?

Ouresteemed narrator mightbelless inclined to
support the peaceful interactionamongthe Kindred
of Brussels if he but knew the true cause behind it.

The Malkavian Ludmilla Van derHolst—not,
by any stretch, her true name — is substantially
older than she pretends. In point of fact, she has
dwelt in thisregion since well before the first Gallic-
Roman settlement was erected here in the seventh,
century. The Malkavian determined from the be-
ginningthatshe would notpermit Kindred outsiders
to ruin her home — and she possesses sufficient
mastery ofher vampiric gifts and sufficient potency
of blood to make her wishes so.

That Ludmilla Van der Holst has such enor-
‘mous power is terrifying — or, rather, it would be
terrifying if anyone else knew of it. As ofthis point,
she has used her might only to keep Kindred mach
nations in her neighborhood quiet — and even
permits Camille Duchesne to remain in power.
Should she ever choose to become more active in
the Brussels night, Van der Holst would be a nigh-
unstoppable force, and none can predict with any
surety thatshe will not soon do just that. She is,after
all, Ma

Amsterdam, The Netherlands

I have always held a soft spot in my heart for
Holland. The Dutch come from sucha minor, backwater
country, and yet, they make so sincere an effort toward
keeping an even footing with empires, casting their tiny
colonies throughout the world and eagerly adopting all
manners of technological advancement. It is almost
flattering, like watching a child sincerely imitating the
behavior of a parent. One cannot help but admire their
tenacity

The Netherlands have been conqt
back and forth like a football; as Belgium was a part of
Holland until 60-some-odd years ago and as I have
already mentioned that country's tumultuous history, |
seenoneed torepeat myselfhere. Suffice it tosay that the
Netherlands have suffered the very same hostile treat-
ment as Belgium —and, like their former brothers, have

red and passed

WW
come through it all with a grace and stoicism that are
almost British.

Amsterdam itself is a fascina
might happily explore for days even
all in the local vampires. While no longer the capital of
the nation, it isstill very much Holland's heart and soul

ing city, one that I
Ino interest at

The city is actually divided into scores of tiny islands,
separated by rivers and canals and joined by a veritable
spiderweb of bridges. The Kindred of Amsterdam have
taken this unusual layout and adapted to it: Any given
"isle" is the domain of a single vampire,

legally "poach" on his territory. (Not thats
sion of demesne would be required. The unclaimed isles
still greatly outnumber the local Kindred.) Not only does
thismake for less competition among the locals, it makes

nd none may
ch an inva

itfareasier to determine ifan outsider —such asa Sabbat
vampire — has moved into town, as Prince Castelein
keeps very close track of which areas are claimed by
Kindred and which are supposed to be vampire free
Johannes Castelein, Prince of Amsterdan
elder Ventrue who has apparently turned down more
than one opportunity to rise in prominence in the
Camarilla sect. (Castelein was apparently considered,
some decades back, for the position of "justicar," a title
Thave not previously run across. He ref
much to the utter surprise of his fellows.) The prince is
assisted by his childe, Arjan Voorhies, an unrelated
Ventrue called Jan Pieterzoon and a foppish To:
named Vincent who, I sugge
home on the streets of Paris than he does here.

"ed nomination,

ador
would look far more at

I also noted a strange creature, dwelling near the
k she must be a Nosferatu, for
of the Kindred I have yet
‘come across; indeed, she is worse even than others of her

west end of the city. I this
she is truly the most hideos

lineage, for her appearance is that of a rotting corpse. I
would have followed her longer and learned mor.
that] observed through the actions of another local spirit,
that she could see ourkind. I chose to exercise discretion

and left her to her own devices

The Kindred of Amsterdam, and indeed, all of Hol
land, seem to consider the vampires of Belgium (and
Luxembourgas well, though I had no opportunity to visit
there) as comrades
threaten the well-being of all (such as the "wight,
whatever that may be, that they say stalked the region for

and allies. Should an outside agenc'

several months 12 years back), they seem better able
than most to work together. I stated earlier, when trav-
cling through Belgium, that I thought highly of those
Kindred who could put aside their differences. Upon
further reflection, however, I must alter my previous
statement. It suddenly occurs to me how much more
damage the Kindred could do to the world of mortals if

CHASING SUNSET GEOGRAPAN)


their constant maneuvering for power did not hold them
in check; I think I prefer to have them battling one
another after all.

Copenhagen, Denmark

First, by rain, and then, byship, passed through the
numerous towns and islands that form the nation of
Denmark, to find myself finally in Copenhagen, on
Sjeelland Island. The city itself actu
islands, this being only the greater part; the smaller, also
called Christianshava, is on Amager Island and is con-
nected to its larger portion by bridges. It is, to be sure, a
rather strange and inefficient design for a capital city

lly exists on two

The port, which accounts forasubstantial portion of
the city's economic value, gives way to a main square
called, unpronounceably, the Radhuspladsen, full of all
nner of shops and sellers of wares. North of the square
stands the wealthy ection of Copenhagen, including the
royal palace; further north still stands the Frihavn, or
"free port," constructed but a few years ago to further
develop the city's trade routes. The city is rather attrac-
tively surrounded, in part, by gardens and modern
boulevards, all of which were constructed to take the
place of ancient defensive fortifications torn down in
1863. Richer in culture than one might expect,
Copenhagen is home to numerous cultural establish:
ments, including, to name but a few, Prinsens Palace
(home to the national Museum of Northern Antiqui-
ties), Charlottenborg Palace (seat of the Academy of
Arts), the Thorvaldsen Museum, the Royal Danish Acad-
emy of Sciencesand Lettersanda large number of centers
including three universities. Such a rich city
is Copenhagen, it is truly a pity we were required by
circumstance to bombard itduring the Napoleonic Wars.
Tam grateful that most ofits cultural treasures remained
undamaged.
The Prince of Copenhagen, another Ventrue, is
named Arminta Jorgensdatter, and she has made use of
Copenhagen's cultural wealth in a manner both shame-
ful and altogether Kindred-like. All foreign vampires
who would avail themselves of the city's bounty must
swearaboon to the prince, be they Toreador come for the

culture, Tremere for the Royal Library, Gangrel seeking

past heritage or any othei
Jorgensdatter finds her pi
most such petitioners simply choose to go elsewhere

tices less than efficient, as

rather than accede to her demands

The native Kindred other than the prince and her
Ventrue consist primarily ofasmall number of Scandina-
vian Gangrel, the Toreador who seem ubiquitous to all
such "civilized" cities and, strangely, a Tremere chantry-
house located on Amager Island. I have heard theories

‘CHAPTER FOLK

that these warlocks study and practice magics based on
the ancient Viking runic writings
Finding no particular enlightenment here — the
absorbed as any I have yet
passage across the @resund to

local Kindred seem as se
come across — I will sei
Sweden.

Stockholm, Sweden

Lam given to understand that Sweden is actually
quite comfortable during the summer months, proving
not entirely unlike London in terms of temperature
(though with far less rain than my esteemed homeland)
Asitis, the winters here are frigid and icy in the extreme
even in this most southerly portion of the nation. I am
grateful, a the least, farther north;
it snows in the mountainous northerly regions far more

Ineed not tra
often than it does here.
Sweden, along with its neighbors Norway and Fin-
land, seems to remain largely under the sw
Camarilla primarily because the Sabba
little value in trying to infest the region.
it terribly; Scand
preciou

of the
imagine, sees
Northat! blame
rich in history as it may be, is of
jodern, forward-thinking men.
During my time in Stockholm, I was pu:
observe that the city seemed largely lacking in Kindred.
That is, Stockholm has its vampires but far fewer than,
might be suggested by the mortal population — and
those who do dwell here seem subdued, unwilling to
spend a great deal of time on the streets. At first, I took
thissimply tobea peculiarity of these particular Kindred.
I was later to learn that such is not the case.
Situated on Lake Malaren
geography as so many of these northern cities.
is, rather than being constructed on asingle spot, it
is spread out across neatly a score of islands, in addition

avia,
ittle value to

led to

ockholm has the same

to the adjacent mainland. The city boasts a lacework of
waterways that thou:
Amsterdam's nevertheless provides both a means of
transportation and an identifying feature around which

aller and less intricate than

rally thei

separates many of the city
tures from one another. The Royal Palace stands on the

civie pride. However, it also
political and religious struc-
island of Stidsholmen; the Riddarholm Church —
wherein many of the nation's deceased monarchs are laid
id which is home to more than a handful of
ancient spirits — ison the isle of Riddarholn
Parliament House is on yet a third island called
Helgeandsholmen. Although less rife with such estab-
lishments than Copenhagen, Stockholm also boasts its

to rest
ndthe

share of ui museums and galleries, many cel-


ebrating the Scandinavian and Viking roots of the king-
dom.

on of the
feral Gangrel vampires, and they also make up a substan-
tial portion of Stockholm's Kindred, yet none of them
hold any true position of political power within the city.
‘One particular Gangrel, called Siv— who looks real
ably human, despite her claims of great age —
serve as a liaison, an emissary if you will, between her
clan and the court of Prince Wiklund. This relationship,
normally as peaceful as one might expect of Kindred
relations, has soured recently. A series of attacks by
vampire roguescalled "anarchs" has rocked Scandinavia,
and many place the blame squarely on the native Gangre
Siv's warnings "ancient powersstirring" and the inev
table "rising of the Choosers of the Slain" make sense
neither to myself nor to any local Kindred whom I have
heard to discuss it

Olav Wiklund himself, whose clan I have never
heard spoken, seems to be a prince of great personal
power but little extensive authority. Most of his ties to
human politics are exclusively through Sweden's Royal
Family. As the monarchy loses power to Parliament and
as Sweden's presence on the world stage grows ever
smaller, Wiklund's influence fades away like mist. Were
I required to hazard a guess as to the eventual fate of
‘Sweden's Kindred, I would have to say that I expect they
willeither be subsumed into Norway's significantly more
aggressive community, or else, they will become so
insularand unimportant that they will be utterly forgot-
ten by their sect.

Mere hours before I departed, I was privileged to
overhear a conversation that finally shed a bit of illumi-
nge behavior (and low numbers) of the
local Kindred. The vampires hesitate to speak of it,
perhaps out of asuperstitious fear of attracting attention,
butitappearstharSweden—and in factall of Scandinavia
han

en the other such creatures about which the vampires
of other lands whisper. These horrific beasts travel in
packs, shredding those Kindred who dare venture be-
yond the borders of the city, and even make sporadic
forays into Stockholm itself to seek out the vampires
against whom they appear to hold some sort of grudge. It
isfor this reason that the Kindred population is so small
here and why those here appear consistently nervous. |
feel precious little sympathy for the Kindred, but 1 do
hope that these lycanthropes do not prove a
scourge on the people of the region than the vampires
themselves. Say what one will about the vampires, at
least they often leave those upon whom they prey al
‘The same surely cannot be said for these ravening beast

Sweden is home to an enormous popu:

ems to

nation on thest

home toa clan of werewolves far more vicious

ater

Christiania, Norway

Norway is, in a sense, a country within a country
Although technically under the rule of Sweden's mon-
arch Oscar II, by signature of the 1814 Treaty of Kiel —
a treaty which, it must be mentioned, the Norwegians
did not accept of their own accord — this.
own flag, its own military, its own ruling political body
called the Storting and its own national pride. In short,
Norway considers itself utterly independent in all but
name, a status that was confirmed 1884 when it
managed, through much political maneuvering, to force
King Oscar to abandon a constitutional revision that
would have granted the Royal Family the ability to
dissolve the Storting.

Those who think of all Scandinavia as a frozen
wasteland (as, indeed, | myself did until traveling here)
are often surprised to find that most of the country's
lowlands, including its capital of Christiania, have rela-
tively mild weather. I am given to understand this has
something to do with oceanic winds and currents. This
is not to say that winter here is a pleasant experience, as
the temperature remains below freezing a great deal of
the time during this season, but it is not so hideously
frigid as all that. Summers are far warmer here than they
are back home. I am told, however, that as one travels
north, the climate becomes far more hostile and cold.

In addition to its mainland territory, Norway claims
substantial number of tiny islands that litter the waters.
around its coastlines, in both the North and Norwegian
Seas. It is interesting to note that, if one includes the
lengths of the fjords in one's calculations, Norway ha
proportionately, the largest coastline-to-total area ratio
of any major nation in the world. No wonder, the
the sea has played so great a part in both this nation's
history (such as the well-known Viking raiders of the
Dark and Middle Ages) and in its economy (in terms of
trade and fishing, of course).

The people of Christiania itself (called Oslo until
King Christian IV rebuilt it after a great fire in 1624) are
ahardy lot, descending as they do from Viking stock. It
sits at the head of the Oslofjorden, on the Aker River,
and serves as one of Norway's primary sea ports. Like its
cousin city of Stockholm, it has a number of cultural
museums — many of which are dedicated to Norwegian
art and history — and is home to a large university as
well. Also like other Scandinavian cities, it lacks many

si hnological improvement

ation has its

umph of science that mark London and other cities
closer to proper civilization.

Iisinteresting to me, from acultural persp
observe that, while Norway may technically be

tive, to

CHASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPHY


Swedish monarchy, the reverse iscloser to the
truth in Kindred terms. That is, the vampires of
Christiania, for example, are far more powerful, asa unit,

those of Stockholm, and I would not be terribly
surprised if the Kindred of the latter were to eventually
end up
Norway does not lack the prese
that rorment the Kindred of Sweden, but the Norwegian
vampires seem somehow better able todeal with them, at

ervient to the former.
ce of the Lupines

least in Christiania itself It would not be entirely inac-
curatetosay thai
similar in some respects the unusual partnership that
claims domain in Belfast. Unlike those Irish Kindred,
however, who seem to split their duties in a rather
haphazard fashion, Christiania's guardians have a very
strict delineation of responsibiliti

Agneth
the title of prince. One of the Ventrue, I believe, she is
responsible for the day-to-day — I should, I suppose,
more accurately say night-to-night — administration of
the Christianian domain. That is, it is she who convenes
meetings of the primogen, she who adjudicates such
nd territorial dispute
who coordinates with the city's Ventrue, Toreador and
Nosferatu inhabitants

"hristiania boasts two Kindred princes,

‘Sannrste actually holds and is addressed by

matters as feeding grounds she

Her "partner," as it were, is one Ravik Arvidsen. For
the life of me (ifthe reader will pardon me the use of that
particular expression), I could not say whether this
creature is of the Nosferatu or the Gangrel clan. His lesh,
is the texture of smoked meat, his eyes are feral — his
deformities seem less bestial than simply twisted, leading
me tosuspecthe isof Nosferatu descent, and yer, hisskills,
with Kindred abilities seem more in line

sgrel. Whichever he may b

a sizable pack of Gangrel, and his duty seems to be the
prote

he moves with

ion of Christiania from outside threats, both the
rch rogues
that grow moreand more frequent acrossall Scandinavia
(Other prince
forcersand protectors, called archonsorsheriffs; Arvidsen
ismost assuredly not one of these. Where martial matters
nn that of,

native werewolves and the attacks of the

my experience, have their own en-

are involved, his authority outstrips ©
Sannrste.)

Both of these Kindred have contacts and allies in
other Norwegian and Swedish towns, and I believe that
Sannrste might have some past connection with Prince
Wiklund of Stockholm. (I bs
eral occasions in which Sanneste refe:

se this assessment on sev-
ced Wiklund by
first name and spoke very familiarly about the Swede's
past activities. I cannot speak to what the connection
itself might actually be.)

‘CHAPTER FOUR

In the midst of the primarily Aryan native Kindred,
‘one stands out like a fish at a racetrack. She calls herself
nglot" — not her real name, certainly
probably unappreciated by the natives, for Ganglotisthe

and a jest

name of the female servant of the Norse death-goddess.
Hel. This lady of indeterminate origin is darker hued
is imagine
ndinavian Kindred hail from the Followers

tives. Thisis unsurprising, really
that few
of Set. The princes know of her presence, and she is
apparently tolerated, if not welcomed. The motives
behind her presence in S
discover, but | understand she is immersed in studies of
particularly on

indinavia I was unable to

Norse mythology — focusir
Jormungandr, the great Midgard
seeks parallels to her clan's own serpentine traditions,
though I could not guess what purpose such studies might

serpent. Perhaps she

Helsinki, Finland

Yet another nation-turned-province, the so-called

nd Duchy of Fi

vedes in the first decade of this century. Because the

of Finland is, depending on region, either very

similar to the rest of Scandinavia or to Russia, I will
spend little time dwelling on it.

The region, as with its neighbors, is moderately cold
in the south, progr ures as
one travels northward. In all Scandinavia, the summer
nights are short, the winter nights long; this is even more
outh of Finland is farther
north than Stockholm or Christiania. The streets of the
city are unusually spacious, with a rather fascinating
aland modern architecture.Some
of the most fascinating of these structures, and those |
would have spent fe T not
rushed my passage through the city, include the
Tuomiokirkko, an ancient Lutheran Cathedral, and the

id was ceded to Russia by the

ing toward arctic temper
or even the

so the case her

combination of me

more time exploring

University of Helsinki, which was moved from the city of
Turku in 1828.

TheKindred situation in Helsinki isabsolutely unique
in my experience. Many vampires use humans as their
servants and proxies. These damned souls, ghouls, of
course, feed from their masters' blood and gain unholy
strength. Most Kindred treat th
playthings or, at best, asamusing pets. Neverbefore have
Iseen ghouls treated with any decency by their masters,
but here, in Helsinki, they are equals! Prince Tuomo-
Markus Sampsa presides over a primogen-like council
thatconsists of three Kindred and three ghouls! Sampsa's
own ghoul, Eeva (I was never able to learn of a family
name) speaks with the prince's voice.

se beings as slaves and


Why, I wondered, this amazing
practice? The answer was not terribly difficult to deter-
mine. The Kindred of Helsinki — indeed, of all Finland,
and much of Scandinavia—spend a gr
slumber. During summer, months can pa
setting of the sun. During this time, the Kindred depend
utterly upon their mortal servants. Although I have
unholy
loyalty in those who partake of it, I can certainly under-

\d the wisdom these vampires have shown in ensuring

hange in Kindred

deal of time in
without the

leamed that Kindred blood often eng

the contentment of their servants.

Saint Detersburg, Russia

Ie proved fortunate that I chose to travel via train,

hweare
stantial
n of the city's harbor is bedecked with floes of ice!

hand east
colder, not

rather than by ship, to: Althou
now approaching the last days of winter,
port
as the train pushed sc
from Helsinki, that the weather was grow
int Petersburg itself is constructed on both

sides of the N. veral river islands as
well. When I first reached Scand
ment at such
though
ingement.
e Amsterdam, S:
ny water
h to each. The city's primary district
the hub or center of town, if you will — sits upon the
south bank of the Neva
itself, for it is also bordered on the
Mariinsky Palace, built for

Texpressed my
Now, Ifind it almost
less logical than the

strange de
my mind,

ama
natura

t Petersburg is divided into
segments by its hhundreds of bridges

connecting ¢:

Ie is nearly an island in and of
ast and south by a
second river, the Fo:
Nicho

the recently completed C
the

thedral of Saint |
lishment; C:

y of whom
izable herd for an
unnamed Nosferatu who holds the headmistress in its
thrall). Some dist
seasonal home of Russia's roya

aught to report, now serve a

ce upriver is the Winter Palace, a
Farther upriver still is

QHASING SUNSET CcEOGRAFHMD


Peter and Paul Fortress, which houses political prisoners
inits labyrinthine dungeons, yet also plays home to Peter
and Paul Cathedral, burial place of the czars. Even an
educated reader of this log, fully aware of the strange
creatures of this world, would not believe me were I to
speak of some of the spirits I encountered in that place
For all its hostility of climate, forall that this place
isterribly foreign to me, the city itself isa marvel of alien
beauty intermixed with Western influence. In the years
since 1885, the new port has allowed an influx of trade
and commerce, and foreign-owned businesses are flour-
ishing. Yet, no man could ever mistake this fora Western
city, as the influence of the Far East can also be seen in
the architecture of this place. Its high cathedrals and
palaces, many of which boast rounded or onion-like
domes that gleam in the setting un, are utterly spectacu-
lar. Saint Petersburg is a juxtaposition of conflicting
ations that is mirrored by the natives themselves
Russia seems unsure of its place in the world, and the
disparity between noble and commoner, rich and poor, is
far more striking here even than at the very line of

civil

demarcation between London's East and West Ends
Alexander III has recently begun promoting a return to,
for lack of a hetter term, "Russian-ness." I cannot say
what impact this may have on the nation's trade with
other countries, butit cannot likely bode well for foreign
men of business in Saint Petersburg.
That discrepancy between the noble:
swell between the "upper" and "lower" Kindred
of the city. While the vampires tended to ignore Russia
until the time of Peter the Great, they have certainly
made up for lost time in the century and a half since,
closing their talons around every aspect of Russian life as
thoroughly as they have done everywhere else. Some
have connections even within Czar Alexander's own
family. Prince Evgeniya Bezuevaia, a proper Russian
dowager who has apparently lurked about the fringes of
the Royal Family for g
though she were truly a noble of the
hosting balls,

and common:
ersexist

runs her domain as
cient kind,
expressing herself with the so-called "royal
we" and, in general, lording it over all and sundry
Although she herself is Ventrue (or so I believe), her
"court" consists largely of Toreador, many of whom are
drawn by fascination with Russian culture. The Torea-
dor primogen is not e
Pierre Montreaux, clearly suggests.

Like
not ret
utterly refuses to acknowledge the growing threat to her
power from the people — or in this instance, the vam-
pires — below. The Brujah clan makes up nearly half of
all Kindred in Saint Petersburg, and many of them are

eration

n anative Russian, as his name,

ny princes whose grasp on their demesne is

otely as secure as they imagine, Prince Bezuevaia

‘CHATTER FOUR

and Czar Alexander III. Guided, among others, by the
Brujah Antonin Zilkhaand Svetlana Petrova, the "lower-
class" Kindred slowly butsurely build their own influence,
not among the nobility, but among the disenfranchised
and the commoners. If it came to conflict as early as
tomorrow night, I could not be certain which vampire,
Prince Bezuevaia or Zilkha, might be able to muster more
aid from the mortals

Other creatures lurk in the Russian nights, threats to
Bezuevaia's demesne that go far beyond the unruly Kin-
dred. A hundred thousand workers died of hunger and
cold during the first year of Saint Petersbury's construc-
tion, and many of them lurk still, pursuing unfinished
concerns much as I myself do. Lupines stalk the frozen
Russian tundra and the thick forests, less actively hostile
than those of Scandinavia but still a danger to the local
Kindred. At the fringes of Saint Petersburg, I have
observed vampires unlike any I have previously seen,
those who seem unlike any Kindred I have studied
These vampires, all invariably Oriental of feature, seem
content simply to observe the activities of the city
around them, and I truly believe that the native Kindred
remain utterly unaware of the other creatures' pres

Strangest of all, think, are fae creatures that sound
to me similar to those in Ireland. I have never beheld
such a thing, but I have heard many tales from Kindred
and mortal alike, individuals who failed to le
ings or spoke ill of these nebulous spiri
instances, these poor souls have vanished utterly — or,
more frequently, lost loved ones to mysterious disappear
ances from secure houses and locked bedchambers.

ce offer-
In numerous

Warsaw, Poland

By the turn of the last century, Poland had ceased to
an independent enem;

\d while its own revo-
lutionariesand the alleged supportof Napoleon liberated
portions of the country for a time, the Congress of
Vienna held after Napoleon's defeat redistributed the
territory to Russia, Prussia and Austria. The Poles re-
volted again but were crushed by the Russians in 1831
Further demonstrations and insurrections arose in 1846,
in 1848, in 1861 and, most notably, in 1863, leading to
an intensive effort on the part of the Russians to squelch,
all race of Polish culture. National treasures were seized,
Russian became the primary n, the
Roman Catholic Church was suppressed... Ina matter
of years little differentiated Russian Poland from Russia
Those portions of the nation that had been ceded to
Prussia suffered a similar, though less severe, degree of
"Germanification," but those Poles who were now citi-
zens of Austria were treated somewhat more benignly

guage of educ


I mention all ofthis to the reader as an explanation
of my reasoning in terms of travel. I had originally
thought to bypass Poland, to travel through it without
hale, for I felt there might be little difference now
between its own situation and those of the countries to
which it now belongs. It occurred to me, however, that
when dealing with a race of deathless beings such as the
Kindred, itis entirely possible that their own attitudes
and circumstances have not changed to match those of
the mortals around them. Hence, I decided to stay and
examine Warsaw for a brief while, rather than simply
switching trains and continuing on.

Warsaw itself is the capital of the "Kingdom of
Poland" (an amusing title, considering that it was a

‘kingdom" under Russian rule), though even that dis-
tinction has been all but forgotten since the Russians
fully absorbed the region after the insurrection of 1863.
The city lies in the center of what was Poland, bisected
by the Wisla River. Multiple bridges, including several
modern iron ones, span the river, connecting the histori-
cal and mercantile sectors on the west bank with the
residential areas on the east. The city, particularly on the
west, ishome to multiple castles and cathedrals that date
back to medieval times.

The Kindred of Poland seem to me to be at least as
conflicted as the mortals around them and exist inastate
of continuousstruggle that i, in my experience, far more
vicious than in any other Kindred city that does not lie
directly between Camarilla and Sabbat territory. The
Kindred of the city are divided into no fewer than four
separate factions.

The current prince, Henryk Rzegotka, has claimed
the domain of Warsaw for two centuries —a brief span
indeed, as compared to some— yetthe Ventrue is bound
and determined to maintain his hold on the city, despite
active opposition from Russian Kindred. Damerad Yanick,
a Russian noble and elder Toreador, came with the
Russians and seeks to stake his claim as Prince of War-
saw. The thought that the local Kindred would not
capitulate to Russian rule when the mortals did enrages
him to no end, and his every effort is directed at over-
throwing Prince Rzegotka. This constant conflict allows
Warsaw's other two factions, both substantially smaller,
to thrive and advance their own agendas.

Lairing in one of the city's ancient castles, the free
will of its caretakers thoroughly crushed, a number of

seek toexacerbate the constantstrugele, gleefully
attacking the havensoragents of one faction in the name
of the other. Their leader, a twisted Tzimisce that ap-
pearshuman in only the most generous sense of the word,
is called Natashen'ka. She claims an ancestral link to
Warsaw, and she fights for it as though liberating a

153

conquered land. I wonder, in fact, ifthis isnot a personal
vendetta of hers (and her fellows), rather than an en-
deavor condoned by the Sabbat.
Finally, hidden deep withi
quarter of the city (a rather filthy ghetto that, like many
Russian territories, is subject to anti-Semitic pogroms)
lairs the Brujah Yitchak ben Avraham. An ancient
ak is newly come from Krakow, where he
already has a sizable (albeit well hidden) band of follow-
ers. The specifics of Yitchak's goals are unknown to me,
though his focus seems to be on protecting the Jewish
people from the ravages of those around them. Yitzhak's
faction largely stays a
rumor among the Kindred states that he holds out for an
offer from one or the other of the warring parties. His
participation in the conflict could tip the balance.
Asaside note, in Warsaw and every other commu
nity through which I passed, I heard mention of a figure
hated and feared throughout the Polish territories. This
Hedeon Yaroslavich, an ancient — and, | hear, truly
deviant — Teimisce dwells in a
None seem to know his ultimate objectives, but he is
apparently hostile to all Kindred, be they Sabbat or
Camarilla, and even powerful vampires fear to pass
through his demesne.

the isolated Jewish

ems

from the other three, and

stle in eastern Poland,

Berlin, Germany

The train from Warsaw to Berlin takes a straight
route, which made the trip pass faster than it otherwise
might. I had a brief moment of discomfort when a
heavyset gentleman attempted to occupy the seat I had

chosen — it was, unluckily, a crowded car — but some-
thing about my presence discomforted him sufficiently
thathe moved on before I was forced to take active steps.

The newly united state of Germany frightens me, I
must admit. The Germanic states have always been
fiercely independent, despite the various economic con-
nectionsamongthem. For King William land Chancellor
Onto Von Bismarck to have united them all within the
span of eight years is an astounding prospect. Tha
Prussia could have used its wars with Denmark, Austri
and France to convince the states to unite — even.
though it was Prussia that instigated each of those
conflicts — speaks extremely well for Bismarck's oratory
and diplomatic skills and less well for the perception of
otherstate leaders. The web of alliances, economics and
military treaties the chancellor put in place is incredibly
convoluted and far-reaching, a work of ingenuity and
Machiavellian thinking that surpasses many of the Kin-
dred

‘CHASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPHY


154

For that matter, I have reason to suspect that Bis-
marck himself, now retired from government service
after a dismissal by Emperor William II, is aware of the
Kindred. Some vampires spread stories that he was noth
ing but a pawn of the Ventrue Gustav Breidenstein, but
I think this to be false. To the best of my knowledge,
Bismarck was his own man, although there can be no
denying that German unification was a boon to
Breidenstein's own ambitions.

Berlin itself sits on a relatively dry expanse of land
surrounding the Spree River in northwest Germany, and
thecity's heart is located on the westbank. The temper:
ranging, yetrarely reachesdangerousextremes
ofeitherhearorcold, which makesforanice change after
some of the frigid climes I have so far experienced.

ture iswid

The Mitte, or city center, is home to most of Berlin's
governmental buildings, universities, printing houses
and financial institutions (and repre
majority of the Kindred interest in Berlin). In fact, since
its opening in 1810, the University of Berlin has become
the greatest center of learning in all of Germany. The
Tiergarte fitte. Most of
the city's nobility live in outlying areas of the city; the

nts, of course, the

a royal park, lies west of the

majority of those tenements constructed near the Mitte
are home to the workers of the nearby industrial plants.
German production and advancement is very nearly the
equal, I must admit, of London's own.

A city with as much economic and industrial might as
Berlin, with potential for further growth, would seem asthe
Promised Land for many Kindred, but ye, the ity remains
relatively free of open conflict. This is due not to any

excessive goodwill among the vampires, butrather the iron-
fisted tenure of the prin
with his childe Wilhelm Waldbu
conspires to keep any not of his clan, and any vampires he
does not know personally, out of power in Berlin

Gustav Breidenstein. Along

the Ventrue prince

Thisdoesnot, asthe reader might suppose, sit well with
the other local Kindred. Brujah, Toreador, Malkavians,
Nosferatu — they all dwell within the city and seek in their
to acquire some of the power that the prince and
his Ventrue hold out oftheir reach. An unlikely conspiracy
of other vampires, including a Toreador called Antoinette
and an Austrian Tremere named Maxwell Ldescu, seek to
open Berlin to Kindred of the other clans. Although they
keep their activities clandestine, for fear of attracting the
hostile attentions of Breidenstein, their efforts grow stron

ger by the night. Ldescu even provides covert assistance to
the Sabbar Ventrue Konrad Fleischer and his pack, chan

neling him inforn
prince's interests. Ldescu plays a dangerous game: He must
allow the
Prince Breidenstein's attentions without allowing it to

CHLAPTER FOUR.

jon on where best to strike against the

Sabbat to grow strong enough to require all of

become so entrenched that it cannot be rooted out after it
has served its purpose
Not all
pleased with the unification of the states. Several indi-

viduals and organizations loyal to one particular state or

mans — nor all German Kindred — are

another have taken up slogans (and, in some very few
cases, arms) against the Prussia-dominated country. Most
such efforts are so small as to go unnoticed, but one, in
Berlin itself, stands out to those who study the undead
participants. Sophia Lustigis the Malkavian orgar
an anti-Prussian (and, not incidentally,
Breidenstein) league of mortals and Kindred alike, and if
rumor is to be believed, it boasts at least one werewolf as

er of
anti

well! Precisely what Lustig and her ilk hope to accom-

plish isa mystery to me, for her allies are primarily young

Kindred with litle real power. But then, if Breidenstein

continues in his draconian policies, he might eventually
push more powerful vampires into Lustig's camp.

The rest of this journey is, perforce, going to be rather

is certainly the closest nation | intend to

cover — but that would require backtracking later over

ground already covered. I shall instead travel toward Italy

crooked. Aust

and later come through Austria from the west

Both Sides Against the Middle

Konrad Fleischer is not nearly as stupid as the
Tremere Ldescu—orour distinguished na
assumes. In point of fact, the Ventrue antitribu
knows full well that Laescu is using his pack to the
Tremere's own ends, that he wants the Sabbat to
bear the brunt of the prince's attentions o that the

or—

other downtrodden vampires can tise up and take
their rightful places of power.

Fleischer could hardly careless, 0 longaashe has
the information he needs. The Sabbar moves far more
subdlythan any ofthelocalsimagine: The intelligence
Fleischergains from Ldescu ispassed through multiple
channelsto the Malkavian Sophia Lustigandher own
agitators. Lustig isnot Sabbat and does notknow that
her information comes from the Sabbat, but she is
helpful all the same. By allowing Lustig and her own
organization to move against Prince Breidenstein,
Fleischer destabilizes the local Camarilla Kindred
without putting his own pack at risk, Because the
attacks follow the intelligence granted by Ldescu, the

imply assumes they are being carried out by

and disdains further investigation

Breidenstein's grip on

the other Kindred squabble with one another to lick

up the crumbs of power, and al the while, the Sabbat
in Berlin slowly but steadily grow strong.

demesne weakens bit by bit,


Venice, Italy

Istruggle toset pen to paperafter my brief —butdear
God, not brief enough! — sojourn in Venice. This
Goaiforsaken city was very nearly the end of my in
gations, if not the end of me.

Situated at the northern extremity of the Adriatic
a, in the lagoons between the Po and Piave Rivers,
Venice is constructed like Amsterdam, only even more

so. The city is formed of well over a hundred islands,
separated one from another by a network of canals far

yger and more complex than any I have yet encoun-
tered. Hundreds upon hundreds of bridges link the islands,
and the vast majority of travel occurs by fla
gondola. The largest of the city's waterways, the Grand
Canal, bisects Venice into two nearly equal halves. The

bottomed

Venetian climate is relatively moderate: hot in summer,
cold in winter, but rarely to the extreme, and the rain
comes frequently but only rarely causes severe problems.

The Kingdom ofl

several decades. Ital

asbeen aunited tateforonly
ance and Prussia all claimed
Venice at various times both during and after the Napo-
leonic Wars. Italy finally acquired it for good andall after
Prussia's war with Austria. It was able, as well, to acquire
Rome from the retreating French in 1870. Venice and
Lombardy briefly formed their own independent king-
dom after winning free of Aust
reconquered scarcely a year later. Under King Humbert,
Italy entered into the Triple Alliance with Germany and
Austria-Hungary in 1882 — an arrangement that wor-
ries much of Europe, for these thr
prove an unstoppable juggernaut in the event of war. In
the years sinc
endeavor, partially as a means of alleviating serious
economic problems on the mainland, and has estab-
lished colonies in Northeast Africa. The des
and conquest grow nightly throughout Italy, fed, 1 am
certain, by the insatiable greed of the country's
nd c
come

in 1848, but they were

e states together could

Italy has embarked upon a colonial

re for war

mpires,
only and inevitably lead to disaster in years to

Thad a few hours after disembarking from the train
to explore Venice before — well, before, The city itself
is beautiful, belying the corruption that lies at its very
heart. Architecture dating back to Renaissanceand even
Byzantine times still occupies a substantial portion of a
city that seems only vaguely interested in joining the rest
of the world in the 19th century. The center of Venice,
Saint Mark's Square, is home to both Saint Mark's
Cathedral, an incredible work of construction built and
rebuilt multiple times between the 9th and Ith centu-
ries, and the Doges' Palace, which has also been rebuilt
con numerous occasions. The Bridge of Sighs connects

the palace to the prisons and was the route of the
condemned being led to and from judgment. I had
expected to find a large population of wraiths present at
such an emotionally charged place as this, and I became
rather discomfited when I did not.

nga moment to appreciate the great gran.
ite columns near the palace (one with a graven image of
Saint Theodore of Studium riding a crocodile, the other
bearing the winged lion of Saint Mark), I wandered
toward the Grand Ca
ining the many shops and businesses that line the
waterway's length. North, near the lagoon, 1 took a
moment to observe the Church of San Giovanni, an
edifice of arching domes and towering columns, and also
to observe the great
Bartolomeo Colleoni. I intended at that point to move
on to the University of Venice and perhaps the Libreria
Vecchia, or Old Library, when I met Crocifisso.

and traveled northward, exam:

ulpture of the Venetian general

Fortune was with me. speak no Italian, but this, the
first fellow spirit I found in Venice, spoke passable
English. I thought it rude to ask how he'd died or even.
how long he'd been deceased, so, instead, I asked him
about the region's vampites.

"You are new?" he asked me. Assuming he meant
new to the area, I agreed. He told me the following,
which I have transcribed as well as memory permits

"Jealy, she is not like these other European countries.
Spain ismostly owned by Sabbat, yes? Germany, Austria,
Russia, these are mostly held by Camarilla. But Italy,
Italy holds no such allegiance.

"Milan, you see, is the jewel of the Archbishop
Giangaleazzo, one of the Lasombra. He has peace with
his Camarilla neighbors, though, something the Sabbat
does not appreciate. Rome has Nosferatu beneath the
streets and Toreador above, but she has no prince, no.
Many Kindred do not go to Rome because of the hunters
and because of the faith of the mortals there.

"Malta..." He frowned, as though disturbed by a
passing thought
for your own countrymen hold it. Here, the Ventrue are
strong, yes. The prince, Antonio Cardona, he is strong,
and from his domain, the Ventrue seek to move through
Iealy."

Crocifisso looked and sounded as though he might
continue for hours, but by this time, it had become very
clear to me that he was deliberately avoiding telling me
of Venice itself, and I told him as much.

"You would know Venice, Englishman?" His e
his voice, had suddenly gone very cold. "Ther

alta is notso much Italian anymore,

listen

‘CHASING SUNSET W@EOGRAPEHD)


"In Venice, the Nosferatu, they lurk in the sewers and.

in the canals, hoping that the eyes of those above them do.
‘ling merchants,
and they think to set up havens, but they do not stay long,

no. Venice, Englishman, belongs to the Giovanni."

not see. The Ventrue come with the tra

Iwas, I told him, only passing familiar with the
Giovanni.

He

"The Giovanni are uncontested in Venice. Other
Kindred dwell here at their sufferance, or they dwell here
notat

aughed at me.

Il. No overt conflict disturbs the Venetian night,
re a family,
as well as a clan. For centuries, they have

for the Giovanni do not permit it. The
English:
laired here, in their ancestral home, rotting in their
familial estates, in the universities, in the banks and
moneylenders.' Where other Kindred merely dabble in
mortal finance, the Giovanni pull the purse strings of an
entire nation. They know the secrets that lie beyond
death, Englishman, for they have built their entire em-
pire on the backs of the dea

That, dear reader, is when I observed, with mount.
ing horror, the setting of the western sun.

Te was as though a vast storm was birthed from the
skies above the city, astorm thatonly thedead mightsee.

ess swirled above the northern end of Venice,
believe, the Giovanni estates may be found —

but this was not a darkness of clouds, no, but of dozens,
if not hundreds, of swirling figures, spirits of the dead
ripped from their own activities and enslaved by the
cruel and hellish magics of these Italian necromancers.
Crocifisso vanished into the air from before me,
onette hauled backward by a fierce tugging upon his
nd I felt the pull as well, weak at first but
growing ever stronger.

a mari
strings.

turned tail and fled, then, and I feel no shame to
admit itnow. How I escaped, I do not know. Perhaps the
Giovanni, yet unaware of my presence, could not stop
me. Perhaps, for their own reasons, they permitted me to
depart. I cannot know, and I feel no urge to return to
Venice and assuage my curiosity

In retrospect, however, learned one other thing from
Venice. The pull I felt upon my soul when the Giovanni
awoke felt much like the force that prevented my entry £0
many of the Dunsim holdings in Scotland. They share no
common name, nor any common lineage, but I think I
know now the clan from which the Dunsim hail,

Vienna, Austria

‘Austria-Hungary, or the Austrian Empire, or the

Hapsburg
constant flux and confusion as to what is, and is not, a

:mpire... its names alone suggest a state of

‘CHAPTER FOUR

partof the nation. Although the so-called "Dual Monar
chy" of Austria-Hungary is techn
government, the two regions are very nearly indepen-
dent in all bur name, and as each ha:
history and culture and Kindred population, I choose to
address them individually.

ly a single

a very different

Vienna itself, the capital and largest city of Austria.
Hunj nube River
innortheast Austria. It lies just east of the foothills of the
Allps, by the thick Vienna Woods. Rain and snow are
frequent, but the winter chill (which is, God be thanked,

1; is located on both banks of the L

finally giving way to spring as I travel) is less severe here
than in points north.

Its location straddling the Danube
of trade and communication between the Alps and the
Carpathian Mountains, makes Vienna a hub of regional
travel and transport. Riverboat:
regular, rapid basis, and the railways now link the city to
many of Europe's most important regions.

The Innere Stadt, or Inner City, is the oldest part of
Vienna and was surrounded by fortified walls until 1857,
levard called the
Ringstrasse, lined with countless monuments and open
parks, was built in their place. The Innere Stadt contains the
Rathaus (town hall), the University, the Parliament Build-
ings, theState Opera House and, perhapsmost impressively,
the Hofburg imperial palace. A second layerof fortification
has been tom down only recently, and the expanded area
provides plenty of room for the city's rapidly growing
population to build their homes. The Schénbrunn, the
summer Imperial palace that lies well away from the Innere
‘Stadt, is home to the world's oldest zoo.

primary route

rive and depart at a

when they were tom down anda great bo

Vienna is known throughout the civilized world asa
city of culture and art, particularly in terms of music.
Mozart, Brahms, Beethoven, Schubert — these only
es. The Toreador
thus flock here like moths toa great lame, and those who
claim the city as domain allow them to do so as a show of
good will (or so they say)

The Kindred warlocks of Clan Tr
as their seat of power. Their great chantry, dis
mortal observers as an ancestral estate of nobility, looms
along the southern Ringstrasse. From here, Etrius and his
Couneil of Se
entire clan, or so conventional wisdom suggests. Myself, |
am not so certain. The Tremere clan is among the most
secretive of Kindred. Were theirentire "main chantry" tobe
nothing but a blind and their true headquarters located
bitsurprised.

begin the list of native musical geni

we claim Vienna
sed to

en direct the worldwide activities of the

elsewhere in the city, I would not be the le
prince is responsible for maintaining the

city itself; Erius, perhaps understandably, doesnot bother
imself with such mundane concerns. In fact, one of the


prince's primary duties appears to be to serve as liaison
between petitioners of other clans and the Council of
Seven. No non-Tremere Kindred, however important,
sees Etrius without first convincing the prince that the
matter is of great import.

While few Kindred of any real authority in Vienna
hail from any clan other than the Tremere, that is not to
say that the warlocks are directly responsible forall that
occurs here. I have uncovered evidence of a small secret
society of Kindred, consisting of at least a dozen mem.
bers. Based in Vienna (though they do not limit their
activities exclusively to that place), they call them-

jentlemen's Society for
uuper-Natural Matters
These Kindred, who include among their number the
Malkavians Dr. Reiner Stoschka and Frau Florentina
Lengauer and the Tremere Dr. M:
become fascin:
particularly the "soft science: cent study
of psychology. Convinced that all aspects of Kindred

physiology such as clan traits,

selves, roughly translated, the
the Rational Investigation of

feed Machner, have
with the recent advances in science,
such as the n
jood-borne ailments,
affinities for certain Disciplines and the like are all, in
gathered a
mostly young and of rela-

fact, psychological in nature, the society b:

small number of vampire:
tively weak blood) and begun experimenting on them.

been taken off the streets before learning

157
even the basics of Kindred existence. Others have been

| years and have learned the long and
ny case, the powers of the Treme

around for se
short of it. In and
Malkavians involved in the experiments combine with
developing
form the subjects' minds! Dr. Stoschka (who apps
have founded the society and take

echniques of psychology tocompletely trans-

the lead in its
activities) has convinced a small bu
his subjects that they belong, in fact, to a new bloodline
of Kindred and, more frighten
indeed seem to be altering not only their behavior, but

growing number of
, that belief does

certain physical traits as well! The experiment is still in,
its infancy, but if Dr. Stoschka can continue his
prove that much of the Kindred

ict psychological —he may have opened uy

a brand new avenue of Kindred development.

Viennais, perhaps unsurprisingly, almost completely
free of Sab sence, and little (overt) political ma-
neuvering occurs among the Camarilla Kindred (as
litleauthority isnotalready in Tr
While the prince must deal with few Kindred threats to
his demesne, Vienna has its own hazards. The Vienna
Woods outside th

precio ehands).

ity crawl with looming threats, and
though the creatures have tasted Tremere magic and fear
to enter the city proper, they have no comp,
about shredding those Kindred who venture too far

tions


nks to the Tremere themselves maintains a

presence across Austria, though ithas but little influence
in Vi
of the Tremere themselves, stone-skinned walking gar-

goylesand other, even more awful creatui

a itself. Finally, there are the hideous creations

. Mostremain
firmly under the control of their undead masters, but

very sooften, one will escape. Some of these feral things
lurk in the wilds outside Vienna, wishing only to be left
alone, but others seek revenge for years of mistreatment.
Even the mightiest Kindred is rarely willing to walk.
alone outside Vienna proper.

Playing God

Dr. Stoschka and his Society are meddling
with far more than they realize. Whether or not
Kindred traits such as clan weaknesses and fa
vored Disciplines are physiological or
psychological, itis dangerous to muck about with
avampire's mind. The Malkaviansand the Tremere
involved have, through use of mental powers and
more mundane techniques, driven their subjects
quite mad. Yes, these vampires now believe them-
selves to be unrelated to their previous clans, but
they no longer think the way "normal" Kindred
do.

They are confused, they are in pain, con-
stantly driven by the chaos in their minds, and
they are changing, developing in ways the society
could never have imagined, possibly becoming a
bloodline in truth as well asin belief In fact, the
oldest of the good doctor's subjects, a young Kin-
dred formerly of Clan Toreador, has
that she can temporarily dull the pain and confu-
sion in her head by sharing it with others. All she
hhas todo to make them feel her pain isto let them
hear her pain.

All she has to do is sing...

Through Budapest, Hungary;
then, by Carriage, Through the
Hungarian and Romanian
Countryside

Both Hungary and Romania were part of greater
empires for substantial portions of their existence. Hun.

gary, which even now is technically under the suzerainty
of Austria, was part of the Hapsburg Empire. Romania

CHAPTER FOUR

was part of the Ottoman Empire (as the administrative
capital of Moldavia and Wallachia) until the end of the
Russo-Turkish War in 1878. Despite the fact that these
two nations belong to two very different empires, how-
ever, and also the unfortunate fact that the Hungarian
Magyar peoples do not get along well with their Roma
nian neighbors, the two nations still share, through
much of theit lands, a common culture thatcan be traced
back to the Dark Ages and even earlier.

The climate here is varied of temperature, capable of
extreme cold during the winters. The rains are heavy
during the colder months, less so in the summers; this
makes for a fertile but occasionally unpredictable gro
ing season. The entire Hungarian and Romanian region
is rich in mineral wealth and has been mined by the
natives for nearly a millennium:

Budapest itsel pital and largest city of Hun
gary, is a fascinating amalgamation of old and new.
jitting on the banks of the Danube, Budapest is actually
sda, Obuda (or Old

Buda) and Pest, which have long fun

made up of three separate cities,
joned as a single
unit but only formally declared th
principality in 1873 (much to the chagrin of some
Kindred of two of the three cities, I'm sure!)

nselves a single

Buda, on the west side of the Danube, sits upon a
rolling, hilly stretch of land. It boasts beautiful ancient
churches and public buildings and is traditionally the
seat of government for Budapest. On Castle Hill, the
Royal Palace stands behind fortifications built in the
13th century. Beside it, Matthias Church has only re-
cently been completed, built on the design of a much
older church that once stood there. The Citadel, built
atop Gellért Hill in 1851, was intended as an Austrian
military outpost but was never used.

Pest, on the east side of the river, is flat and more
generally industrial than Buda. Still, it boasts its own
share of antiquity. The Kis knit, or Small Boulevard,
circumnavigates the oldest portion of the city. The Nagy
kéntit, or Great Boulevard, lies further out in the city. The
Town Hall, the Hungarian National Museum, the R

re Opera House and the Hungarian
Academy of Sciences all populate the old town. Beyond
the Great Boulevard, Pest consists almost entirely of
industrial and residential areas. Perhaps most strange is
Vajdahunyad Castle, in the city park at Pest's north end,
a complex castle built of canvas, constructed for an
exhibition only within the past year. Some citizens talk
git out of more durable stone, but sof
ken in that direction.

of reconstruct
no steps have been

Budapest is in some respects, one ofthe last bastions
ion before entering the Hungarian wilds of

Transylvania, and this makes it of vital import to the


Kindred. The city's prince, Vencel Rikard, has been the
preeminent Kindred here since before the Middle Agi

I understand he once, long ago, had a reputation as a
weakling and an inactive prince, but he shows no trace
of this now. Rikard maintains his domain as forcefully
but fairly as any Kindred I have seen. Not only does he
have allies or pawns in nearly all parts of Budapest itself,
he has powerful allies among the Russian Kindred as,
well: Rumor tells that his sire relocated to Russia within
the past century

Concerned about the Tzimisce and other, fiercer
things that stalk the Transylvanian wilds, Rikard and his,
allies keep Budapest free of most outsiders. The Ventrue,
Nosferatuand Brujah make up the majority of Budapest's
population. Thatsaid, a small population of the nomadic
Ravnos has a semipermanent enclave near Pest's south
end. These vampires, led by one Danior Raskov, have no
obvious purpose here except to occasionally prey upon

ts of the locals, yer I think there may be more to
parent. From a bit of eavesdrop-
ping, I have leamed that they do, in fact, serve some
absent figure, a woman they call "Durga Syn." Appar-
ently, this mistress of theirs dwells in Russia, though 1
heard no mention of her in or around Saint Petersbu
Also in Budapest dwells one of those strange Middle
Eastern Kindred I saw in London. His name is Sajid al
Misbah, and again, I would be tempted to label him.
Assamite, save that he is clearly no kind of assassin, but
is instead a blood sorcerer who has offered his services to
Rikard as a bastion against the m:

Transylvania translates as "the Land Beyond the
Forest," an apt name indeed, for as one moves south and
east, as one passes through the thick woods, it is much as
though one has entered another world, Vast portions of

sylvanian and Romanian countryside have not

since the days of the C ides. Much of the

on is inaccessible by train, and rather than disturb

the passengers with my presence, I was forced to sit atop
wn carriage to make my way. Tiny village

n houses built around a dilapidated church, are

still the primary form of community for many of these

areas' poor peasants. Atop high hills and rocky promon:

tories, ancient castles reach for the gray skies like the
grasping hands of drowning men. In these edifices lurk
Trimisce and other Kindred as ancient as their homes.
For these creatures, the nights of vampire lords have not
passed; they still demand fealty of those poor souls who
live in their shadow, feasting upon them often and
openly. The people here are as superstitious as any Ihave
heard of, putting their faith in folk remedies and old
wives' tales rather than the science embraced by the rest
of the world. They fear everything, distrusting strangers


as though they carried the plague, and I cannot, in good

conscience, fault them for any of it. Were I a normal,

ny way with the aid of the

found my journey impossible, for

few indeed would have willingly spoken to me at all, and
none on my particular topic of study.

Things stalk the shadowed forests in these untamed
wilds. Some are creatures of Tzimisce make, flesh-twisted
horrors spawned by the fevered imaginations of these
inhuman lords. Others, including but hardly limited to
the snarling werewolves, are wholly alien to the Kindred.
and would as happily rip apart the undead as the living
Leaving the carriage behind when its passengers stopped
for the night at a rundown inn in a rundown village, 1
wandered the countryside a bit and saw, firsthand, some
lumbering horror, possessed of multiple clawed arms and
the head of a horse, hunkered down in an old graveyard,
exhuming and consuming the bones of the deceased.
Something so blatantly unnatural, I can only assume it
was the work of one of the Tzimisce, but being, as I was,
revolted at the entire scene, I did not stay to resolve the
issue,

Of all the villages and towering fortresses, the one

most frequently spoken of is Bran Castle, high atop the
Borgo Pass. Here, they say, dwells a vampire the likes of
which the world has never seen. From his lair, he feasts
upon those who dare approach. He seesall and knowsall,,
intelligence brought to him by a network of Gypsy (and
Gangrel and Ravnos) agents. Yet, I cannot put to him a
name, other than "The Devil" or "The Dragon," for none
seem willing to speak it.

Iwould have thought that the Sabbat would maraud
here uncontested, so great is the Tzimisce presence, but
bbhat isonly moderately more
‘common in thispartofEastern Europe than theCamarilla
For every Tzimisce lord who swears allegi
sect, one or two others refuse to bow their heads to any
greater authority. Truly, Transylvania and Romania are
no less wild and dangerous for the Kindred than for the
men on whom they feed.

Foralongtime, the Ventrue challenged the Tzimisce
for the region. Some few small cities even have surviving
Ventrue princes. The greatest of the Ventrue princes,
cone Nova Arpad (a direct relation to the ruling Arpad
Magyar family of the Middle Ages), has been missing for
decades, however, and Tzimisce dominance suffers no
serious challenges. Even Bucharest, the capital city of
Romania, is now claimed by a Tzimisce voivode.

ce to that

I would make mention of one unusual feature of
which I heard but for which I could find no confirmation.
Centuries gone, there was a hideous place in the
Carpathian Mountains called the Cathedral of Flesh.

‘CHAPTER FOUR

This temple to depravity was constructed by a powerful
Tzimisce lord from the skin and bones of thousands of his
victims! The Cathedral and its master were the terror of
the region until they were both destroyed in, I believe,
the 15th century.

There exists, however, a small but growing cult of
vampires (largely Tzimisce but claiming others as well,
including several R.
reconstruct this grisly edifice. I am unclear on their
precise beliefs. Do they think, perhaps, that they can
gain the power of this Taimisce ancient by recreating his
work? I cannot say, but I would hope that some faction
among the Kindred might learn of this horror and put a
stop to it before it grows too large. Already, s

ynos) who appear determined to

ores of poor
mortalshave be
walls of this new Cathedral

condemned to endless suffering in the

Ie is, perhaps, the most concise — if also most
horrifying — statement yet on what Eastern Europe has
become.

Athens, Greece

The journey south across the Balkan Peninsula,
which required numerous transfers from train to carriage
(as transportation in this part of Europe is not yet up to
modern standards), was marked by a notable shift in the
weather. Even now that winter has passed, the north of
Greece is remarkably cold, but the temperature rises
rapidly as one approaches the central regions of the
nation. I cannot say why the climate changes so drast

cally — it cannot be due to the mountains, for much of,
atures, and the Pind
extends south to north — but it may have to do with the

the country boasts such range
patterns of weather in the Mediterranean Sea. It does not
rain often, but enough to allow for a reasonable amount
of agriculture. The farms and vineyards that litter the
countryside hearken to peaceful, pastoral days of years
gone by. The people here live ided (but
also, in some respects unburdened) by the modern world.

imple lives, ur

Sreece, formerly a province of the Ottoman Empire,
won its independe
lutions. The country was, I should point out, aided
against the Ottoman Navy by a joint French, Russian
and British force (led by a British admiral, of course.
The Ortoman Empire did not actually recognize Greek
independence for two more years, though. Greece grew

in 1827, after several failed revo

further still in recent years, when the Ottoman loss to
Russia in 1878 forced it, by order of the Congress of
Berlin, to cede Thessaly and portions of Epirus to Greek
control. The Greeks, however, still seek to expand into
regions controlled by Turkey; they have just recently, in.
fact, unsuccessfully attempted to aid the island of Crete
ina revolt against Ottoman rule and have been forced by


the European powers to pay reparations to the Ottot
Empire. Greece itselfhasa two-part political system. The
king (who was chosen from other royal families of Eu-
rope) has vast control, but all the nation's male ci
are permitted a vote on
‘Athens is surrounded by mountains on three sides
and claims the port of Piraeus within its jurisdiction,
ing them. The Acropo-
lis and the Parthenon, as well as other structures from
antiquity, stand in the center ofa city that looks surpris-
ingly modern (it was largely rebuileby German architects
during the reign of King Otto, which lasted from 1832 t0
1862). This juxtaposition of old and new sometimes
makes Athens appear like two cities overlaid atop one
another. Itis, come to think of it, not entirely unlike the
manner in which Land other spirits to whom I've spoken,
1 the rest of the world. Athens gains much
rors, those who have traveled far
to see these relics and ruins of ages gone.
Athens' prince is, unusually, a Malka
called Peisistratos. Known among the Kindre:
logian and a philosopher, Peisistratos is almost a
stereotypical example of an ancient Greek —a frighten-
ing thought, ifhe is actually as old as all that. He is wise
enough not todress in the ancient ways when out among
mortals, though he does, in fact, attend many Kindred

izens

any regional issues.

despite the full five mil

sometime
of its income from v

vampire
asa theo-

functions garbed in a long toga. Thoughtful in most
respects, his dominance is somewhat hindered by his
refusal to acknowledge any of the female Kindred of the
city as equals of the men. Even the eldest of the women
among the primogen must speak through male ghouls or
childer at Elysium, a situation that enrages. great many
of them.

That primogen, and indeed the greater portion of
Athens' Kindred population, consists largely of Torea-
dor, with Ventrue, Brujah and Nosferatu skulking libe
about. A small enclave of the loathsome Gio
thrives here as well, apparently at Peisistratos' invita-
tion. Forreasonsthe reader will probably consider obvious,
I chose to keep distant from the Italian Kindred, though
I did learn that one of their number, Genarro Giovanni,
has an illicit (and, dare I suggest, romantic) relationship
with Epikaste Rigatos, Toreador Primogen.

Thave learned that s families dwelling
in the region have connections, albeit tenuous ones, to
the Teimisce of Hungary and Romania. These reticent
individuals seem toexhibit many of the signs common to
a vampire's ghouls, yet I have found no evidence of any
Kindred lurking among them to offer his blood. I know
not what this may mean, save that the Camarilla Kin-
dred of Gre abbat presence in their midst of
which they are utterly unaware,

ral mortal

Legend among the Kindred suggest that Greece is
home to a sizable number of true Ancients, Kindred of
great power who disdain the polities of their contempo:
rary cousins and hold themselves aloof from theirfellows.
I myself encountered no such venerable creatures, but
allowing for the long history of Greece, lam unwilling to
dismiss the possibility of their existence. One can only
wonder what such a creature's objectives might be.

Istanbul, Turkey

The Ottoman Empire, though still certainly a world
power and an important player on the world stage, is
hardly whatit used to be. From tsheight under Suleiman
Tin the 16th century, ithas weakened and contracted to
its current borders, occupying only Asia Minor and
portions of the Arabic world. Considering that it once
owned vast portions of Eastern Europe, Greece and
beyond, this is a substantial decline indeed.

Despite Islamic laws that demand otherwise, the
leadership of the Ottoman Empite is inherited, and the
Turks believe that their emperor rules by divine man-
date. Numerous Ottoman Kindred believe this as well,
which is why Mustafa still claims his domain in Istanbul
despite his weakness of will — but more on that in a
moment.

Until relatively recently, the Ottoman Muslims
allowed Christians and Jews to thrive within their terri
toriesunharmedand unchallenged, but thisisanattitude
that has, sadly, waned within the past decades. Those
Kindred of the region seem, for the time being, to remain
largely unconcerned with such distinctions; a frighten-
ingcommenton thestate of the world, when the Kindred
are, in any way, more just than we

The soldiers of the empire, who, like scholars and
religious leaders, are exempt from taxes, keep scrupulous
records of taxes imposed on and paid by their citizens
These taxes, already notably high due to the empire's
crumbling economic base, have grown ever higher in
recent years. Its former military might has begun toshow
signs of weakness, and many of its victories would not
have been won without British aid (an alliance that
lasted until 1892). The Sultan Abd al-Hamid Il, who
has, in his reign, established the first Ottoman constitu
tion, attempts to strengthen his nation's ties with the
newly united Germany.

Istanbul (still known in many regions as
Constantinople, though the Ottomans have called it by

current name for centuries) boasts the distinction of
being the only city to sit on the divide between two
continents. Just as the city straddles the border between,

CHASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPHT)


Europe and Asia, so too do its culture, its people and its
Kindred hail from separate worlds.

The weather here is temperate, comfortable for all
involved. Were it not for the region's occasional earth-
quak ts of God are concerned —
be an coffers earn
much from merchants and visitors, attracted both by the
climate and the opportunities for trade. A narrow chan-
nel of the Bosporous called the Golden Horn separates,

;, it would —so far as:
perfect environment. Istanbu

one of the city's oldest portions from the rest of Istanbul.
This area, called Stanbul, is walled, though those forti-
tainly seen better days. Here can be
Sarayim, the sprawling palace complex of
the Ortor sultans, as well as the Hagia Sophia, an
Orthodox church built in the sixth century thathassince
been converted into a mosque. Numerous additional

fications have
found Topk

‘mosques, some with frescoes dating from the Byzantine
Empire, exist here as well.

Across the Golden Hom lie the city's port and many
of its businesses and commercial establishments, as well
as the Galata Tower. Further east, the
a number of smaller are

ty encompasses
most towns in their own
right. Here can be found several palaces, built for various,
sultans throughout the past century.

Prince Mustafa, a Ventrue, ostensibly claims the
domain of Istanbul. Sent to Malta as a child, raised and
eventually Embraced by agents of Antonio Cardona, he
main

because he isa relative of the Ottoman royal family. Iris

ains his claim, so far as I can determine, only

an open secret among the Kindred here that it is the
Toreador Vashtai and her childe Nakshidil who truly
wield princely power, "advising" Mustafa on every deci-
sion he makes.

Inaddition tothe Ventrueand the Toreador Istanbul
ishome to.a goodly number of Brujah and Nosferatu. A
cadre of Egyp s well,
under the leadership of the so-called "priest"
Mersekhemre, an urbane, cultured man, educated in
England. Those Middle Eastern
made mention dwell here in great numbers, as do many
Assamites, offering their bloody services to all and sun-
dry. Lasombra come with Spanish traders, and some few

nisce still dwell here from the nights of the Ottoman

Followers of Set dwells hei

cholars of whom I have

invasion of Hungary. I have even seen, on occasion,
those strange Oriental vampires of whom I first made
note in Saint Petersburg. Mustafa must receive abso-
lutely brilliant advice from his Toreador puppeteers, or
else, he h

some unseen assistance from outside, for the

notion that a prin«

is weak as he could possibly main-
tain influence over so varied and conflict-torn a
population is laughable at best. It would be interesting to

(CHAPTER FOUR

observe what happens to Istanbul in the coming years,
but I do not suppose I will be around to see it

The rest of the empire, so far as can determine, is
rather evenly divided between clans. The Ventrue hold
most of the princedoms, but the Assamites seem to have
the greatest degree of influence over the mortal popula
tion.

Her Majesty s
Colonies

Ican only ask the reader to forgive me for the breach
of the scientific method 1 must now commit. While it
means leaving my work less complete than it might be,
I will not travel to Arabia or the Holy Land. The
Ottoman repression of the natives in its Arabian territo-
riesis horrifying to contemplate — and must surely have
| Lam,
though it shames me to admit it, simply unable to cope
with the emotional toll it would take to confrontso many
ofthe dead. Further, havingalready escaped the clutches,
of the Giovanni twice, will not risk an encounter with
those necromantic Kindred who have surely been drawn.
to the area by the plethora of spirits to be had.

resulted in literally thousands of Restless

I shall, instead, focus on those regions of the world
that the Empire has, to date, succeeded in civilizing—or
at least in beginning so long and arduous a process.

Cairo, Egypt
In many respects the ctadle'of civilization, a rich if
flawed model of cultures to come, the history of Egypt is

the history of man (albeit an incomplete one).

rands, as it has for six thousand years, near the
in northern Egypt. Although a substan-
tial portion of it retains the look of old, many of its newer
buildings are constructed in the Western style. The city
lies on both banks of the great river, as well as upon
several river islands. Tahrir Square, on the East Bank, is
considered the center of the city and is home to many of
structures and cultural establish-
eral new museums, with which we

Cairo's most impressive
ments (including se
have aided the natives in preserving worthwhile ele-
ments of their own history). The river island Zamalik sits,
not far from Tahrir, and many of
their residence here. The island also boasts the Cairo
Opera House. Further still along the East Bank lie the

ty's Islamic districts; the many mosques are marvels of

iro's wealthy make

architecture, but the people dwell here in such crowded
and often filthy conditions that it pains me, asa civilized
man, to observe. The city is also home to the famous Al


Azhar Uni
world. It pl
acknowledge the need for learning and education.

ity, the oldest such institution in the
ases me to see that the people here at least
The British Empire has had an interest in Egypt for
quite some time, one that extends well beyond the
fascinating archeological finds of the past decades. In an
attempt to aid the Viceroy Ismail Pasha, we loaned Egypt
substantial moneys, so that he might build upon the
civilized influences we brought to his land after the
‘opening of the Suez Canal. Our cur
not one of conquest, of course. We
natives in managing their country and obtaining the
benefits of civilization, so that they might more effe
tively become productive enough torepay our generosity.
Just as soon as they are capable of it, we will once again

nt presence here is
ply wish to aid the

happily permit them to govern their own affairs
We have, sadly, been forced to battle back against
stier elements of Egypr's population, those who
do not see the virtue in what we do; this bloodshed and
loss of precious relies of the past, such as the unfortunate
bombardment of Alexandi
than it does us, and I pray the rebels will come to realize
this. As it is, our military might is better spent on the
effort to pacify the anti-Egyptian rebels in the Sudan
The prince of Cairo, Mukhtar Bey, dwells on the
Nile island Roda and makes his haven in a large manor
inaneighborhood called Ezbekiyya. Some elders outside
of Cairo are displeased with this prince, for he is, appar-
ently, what the Kindred call Caitiff, or without clan.
This is normally a mark of dishonor, I understand, but
Prince Bey has proven his might and his skill time and
again, not least importantly by maintaining a fragile but
continuing peace between his own Kindred and the
numerous Assamites and Followers of Set who dwell in
the region. His loyalty tohis people and to the Ca
are unquestioned by those who know him well.
Although he s
Bey's most frequent advisors is the Tremere Kasper
Aupfholme, who appears to head a chantry located
inside the Egyptian Museum and Antiquities Service.
What deal Aupfholme might have made with the prince
to obtain so valuable a property (both in terms of culture
and the potential for arcane discovery), I know not, but
it must have been a hard negotiat

thos

rms the loca

sms to distrust the fellow, one of

n indeed. Perhaps

sistance with 2 rs mystical was

The Toreador Jean-Bap'
Andres LeCompte run yet another portion of the city,
called by the Kindred "Banu Duval." Duval, one of Bey's
primogen, arrived with the armies of Napoleon — and

ind his childe

was, oF so he claims, partially responsible for negotia

granteda Toreador demesne within Cairo, which he runs
almost as a city within a city. Duval's territory also
includes many of the docks along the Nile, making him
not only one of the most powerful, but possibly the
wealthiest of Cairo's Kindred,

Bey should, I imagine, be grateful that he does not
have the Sabbat to worry about (the local faction, led by
the Lasombra Munther al-Aswad, is not especially po-
tent). The constant warfare between the regional
Assamites and Followers of Set brings enough chaos to
his realm as it is. Izzat al-Khut
apparently hairless man, appears to be foremost among
the local Setites. While he appears to me to be no less
contemptible than his fellows, my observations lead me
to believe that his goals are not entirely in line with
theirs. AL-Khunzir's primary objective seems to be the
expulsion of the British from his homeland; clearly, he is
one of those poor blind savages who cannot see the good
wwe do in civilizing his people. Still, he has been some
what successful, in that, between his own activities and
the might of Bey himself, few British Kindred have
settled in Cairo alongside my countrymen.

His efforts do not go unhindered, however. A truly
powerfuland deadly Assamite, called by the locals Antara
the Shepherd, stalks the streets of Cairo with his breth
ren, his
al-Khunzir'shatred of my own people. Antara's skin is jet
black, gleaming in even the faintest light. Truly, this is
deadly, inhuman and ancient creature. Further, hissole
purpose in Cairo, as well as that of his followers, seems to
be the war against the Setites. Were al-Khunzir not
supported by a mysterious benefactor, one whom I have
been unable to locate but who isclearly well versed in the

hatred of the Followers of Set at least as strong as

ways of sorcery, he would surely have fallen to Antara's
fangs by now.

I wonder, come to think on it, if Prince Bey might
not occasionally stir up this feud himself, keeping the
Assamites and the Followers of Set at one another's
throats and preventing either of these powerful factions
from growing strong enough to challenge his own claim
to domain.

A sizable population of Nosferatu dwells here in
Cairo, in addition to the numerous Toreador, Ventrue,
Followers of Set
often do, determined to remain detached from Kindred
affairs. Also, creatures other than the Kindred stalk the
sands of Egypt, occasionally venturing into Cairo proper.
The werewolves have a presence here, a breed that
appears almost more jackal than wolf wanders the burn
ing wastes, and though they leave the Kindred alone
much of the time, they are no less deadly than their
European cousins when aroused. The Kindred spea

CHASING SUNSET «cEOGRAPHD)

1d Assamites, but they seem, as they


164

well, of mortal sorcerers of great power and of beings
older even than the vampir
beyond the reach of death itself.

themselves, beings utterly

Through Uganda, by Caravan

Seemingly endless and blisteringly hot savannas,
dense jungles in which all sorts of loathsome beasts
dwell, mountains that seem always far enough away that
they cast no shade across one's path — this is Uganda.
Surely, any who doubr British generosity in bringing
Civilization to thesavagesneed only look here to see how
much trouble we undertake on their behalf. We arrived
here seeking the primary source of the Nile (which, as it
happens, is Lake Victoria, located in Uganda, Kenya and
Tanzania)

Uganda was not a unified country when we arrived,
but rather the site of several small kingdoms. We hav
of necessity, been forced to remove several of the local
kings, including Kabarega of Bunyoro and, just recently,
Mwanga of Buganda. Will these people never learn?

Wehavi
score of native villages that are slowly but surely benefit-
ing from an influx of culture and proper education.
British officers and personnel, aided in their governance
by assistants from among the natives who recognize the

few large cities here but, rather, score upon

gift we bring them, oversee these villages. Most of these
small towns and colonies are far too small to support a
viable Kindred population. They boast, at most, one or
woof the Kindred, and many are completely free of such
parasites. This is the case, I understand, not only here,
bur through much of ourterritory in Kenya, Bechuanaland
and Rhodesia as well, Most of these Kindred seem to hail
from the Ventrue, Gangrel or Nosferatu, but nearly all
the clans are represented in some manner oF another.
The Tremere send agents here on a regular basis t0
investigate tales of mysterious local creatures and mag-
ics, most of whom either return empty handed or not at
all. The Sabbat and the Camarilla both claim numerous,
villages, but itis all bombast and hot air, for no one truly
cares whether one side or the other possesses more ofthis,
empty land.

Rarely, the Kindred in such a village experience
strange mishaps, much like those attributed to the fae in
Ireland. Sometimes, important items are lost. Ocher
times, Kindred or their servants have been found mur-
dered or else inflicted with a sickness of the mind that
never fades. The worst punishments are inflicted on
those who destroy relics of Africa's history or who harm
the tellers of ancient tales, and the vampireshave learned
to give such items and individuals a wide berth

CHAPTER FOUR

Yet none of the Kindred, be they of European or
African descent, seem toknow a thing about the heart of
Africa itself. Everything north of the Cape Colony and
south of the Sahara isan enigma to Kindred and civilized
man alike. Kindred enter the jungles or cross the great
plains and are never again seen. The Kindred whisper of
hideous beasts, shifters of shape beside which the dread
werewolves pale. Worse, they speak of creatures, vam

pires, yet not Kindred. "Laibon," they whisper. "Kagn."
‘What these things may be, I cannot say, for none of the
Kindred seem to know. The wisest among them know
only enough to stay safe in their villages and never to
turn their eyes toward Africa's darkest heart

Bombay, India

Travel from Africa to India across the Arabian Se
was easier to come by than one might expect. Given tha
we have commercial interests in our colonies in both
regions, itis only natural that we would desire to facili
tate communication and transport between the two.
Thus, it was with relative ease that I found a vessel
traveling to Bombay.

The summers grow blisteringly hot here, nearly as
much assome portionsof Africa, but the winters, atleast,
are mild. As I avoided the June to September monsoon
season, Isa
nine-tenths of Bomb:
months and is often the cause of deadly floods.

The British Empire has had interests in India for
centuries. The East India Company was founded in the
year 1600, and when the Regulating Act granted the
Crown and Parliament direct control over that company
in 1773, our presence became stronger still. It was not,
however, until the 1800s and the ascension of British
naval superiority over the Dutch and ourv
French in the ic Wars that we truly assumed our
place as Ind

Bombay itself, vitally important port city, was built
upon a stretch of land that, at high tide, became a series
of separate islands. Efforts at dredging the area have
somewhat mitigated this effect, though the islands still
become isolated communities during the heights of the
monsoon season. Pethaps a third of the native popula-
tion, who call the city by the name of Mumbai after some
pagan god of theirs, live in ramshackle huts in the
filthiest, most crowded, most flood-prone portions of
town. These people seem often to resent our presence,
despite the fact that we've shown them by our own
example that a better life is available for those willing to
strive for it. Some believe that the horrendous plague
that decimated the city's population only last year may
have sprung from the horribly unsanitary conditions in

w precious litle rain. As | understand it, over

nual rainfall occurs in those

ctory over the

's stewards,


which these people dwell; cleaning that squalor and
improving the lot of the natives is the primary purpose of
the Bombay Improvement Trust, which was formed in
response to that plague.

I should poine out that some truly disgusting crea-
tures, loathsome even for vampires,
responsible for assisting the spread of the disease. The
sick make easy victims, and the Kindred are quite ca-
pable of carrying illness from one vessel to the next. It
sickens me that they have so little concern for the people
around them. Even the most ignorant rancher knows
thache must take proper care of the animals on which he
intends to feed.

Bombay itself isa surprising center of commerce. In
addition to its duties as a port, served by the Princess and
Victoria docks, the city is home to a growing industrial
concern, particularly in the form of cotton-textile mills
(One of their largest markets, interestingly, isthe United
States of America; apparently they're suffering shortages
dating back to their so-called "Civil War.") Most indus-
try, as well as a substantial portion of the city's cramped
and crowded population, can be found in the center of
Bombay, just south of Mahim Creek. At the southern
end of this area is the former site of one of our military
forts, tom down in 1861. Bombay is yet another of those
Cities with a hodgepodge of architectural styles, the more

J and efficient British buildings slowly supplant-
ing the more primitive Indian structures of wood and
thatch (or, in the case of the older buildings, worked.
stone). Many of the roads are paved now, though more

dfor decades, thecity
piped water, rail service and even, in some p

The people her: ly Hindu, with a

minority practicing a form of Islam. Only a small per

centage, as of yet, have been successfully converted by

glish missionaries.

Most of Bombay's citizens are, I think, wise enough
to see the benefits we bring them. Our missionaries
educate the native children in English, as is proper,
our administrators see that the people's nec
tended to. We treat them with only the greatest respect,
save when they force us to do otherw (such as during
the Sepoy Rebellion of 1857). The requisite violence is

, and I pray that such actions cease to be

jatorsare but few, fighting

for the survival of a culture and way of life that is clearly
ill-suited to the modern world.

A study of Bombay's Kindred (or, ind ny of
India's Kindred) is very nearly an impossible undertak-
ing. Were I willing to spend decades at the task, I might
begin to piece together more than the very basic knowl-


166

edge L have now. The situation is complicated far beyond
the cultural barriers into which one must expect to run.
levels of society

Unlike the

class systems of many other nations, no hope of social

India are born into caste
in which they remain for their entire liv

ment exists. Someone born Pariah ("untouch-
) will remain on the lowest rung of society's ladder
until the day he dies. The Indian Kindred choose to
complicate matters by forming specific caste/clan rela
tionships! That is, the Ventrue, the Malkavians and the

advat
able"

local variant of the Followers of Set (a strange combi

tion, to be sure) are considered Brahmin, a dominant
bers of a warrior and
avnos (a
anywhere

in their

caste of priests. Kshatriyas, 0
landowner caste, claim Assamites, Brujah,
clan chat seems far more numerous here tha
else in the world) and God knows what

number. The "middle
merchants, called Vaisyas, also claim a large number of
Ravnos, which clan seems to be the only one with
numerous members in multiple castes. The Sudras, a
caste of menial laborers, include the Nosferatu (strange,

class" f nen and

that, for I had expected them to be untouchable) and
ly, and most inexplicably, the Kindred of
India number the Toreador among the Pariah — I never

Gangrel.

was able to determine why

Indian Kindred refer to themselves almost exclu-
sively by caste, only rarely by clan, and to confuse matters,
even further, the above connectionsare tendenciesonly,
not ironclad rules. Assuch, I wasable to identify the clan
of only some of Bombay's vampires.

‘Adding yet more to the chaos—as though I required
more — is the constant war that wages among India's
undead population. The native Kindred battle furiously
against "encroaching" Kindred of the British Empire,
and they fight, as well, against a mysterious enemy from
the East. Furthermore, while less frequently than it
might, the Sabbat occasionally attempts to make inroads
into Camarilla territory, bringing that conflict to Indi
lands as well. The mortality rate here is high,
vampires ofall ages, from newly Embraced to hoary elde
meet death on a nightly basis.

The self-proclaimed Prince of Bombay isan English
Brujah named Colonel Reginald Avery (who insists on
being addressed by his old rank). He and his fellows
(mostly Ventrue, though Brujah, Nosferatuand Tremere
all make their havens here) have sueceeded — barely, 1
might add — in maintaining dominance in the face of
growing resistance from the natives. An Indian Brahmin,
called Sundervere has, for the past decades, waged a war
against all European Kindred in India, and Bombay is
‘one of his favorite battlegrounds. This creature possesses

an expert grasp of several unholy magics and is widely

CHAPTER FOUR

feared by his enemies and allies alike. Were it not for
Avery's Tremere allies, Sundervere would surely have
destroyed the Brujah long ago. Somewhat closer to
home, as it were, the Raynos Rukhmini Kumari and the
Kshatriya (Icould not lean hisclan) Manmohan Biroxkar
lair within the slums at the northern edge of Bombay,
assaulting the agents of Prince Avery and in all ways
attempting to drive him out

Asa side note, I think it would interest the British
government to learn that the Thuggee cult, thought
suppressed in the 1840s, still survives in several under
ground movements. The English Kindred are convinced
thatthe Assamites
order to force the

ve joined the Thuggee en masse, in
amarilla from India. The truth, so far
as] can tell, isthat but a single Assamite claims member
ship in the Thuggee (asdoes single Ravnos) and thathe
does so for his own reasons, not as part of any great
conspiracy

Icis my understanding, based on what I have heard
and learned in Bombay, that the Kindred situation
throughout the other major cities of Indi
that which exists here — that is, encroaching

is similar to

uropean
Kindred, mostly of the Camarilla, vie fors
smpires, and the Sabbat lurk

[believe I shall forbear any further travel in this land.

The United States

‘As I can find precious little reason for the reader to
tly dwell on the journey
from Indi sw World." I will say
only thatitrequireda great deal of tedious travel, by rain
and by ship, much of which took me back through
regions I had already examined and in which I learned
The journey across the Atlantic required
neatly three weeks, as I was forced to sail aboard an older,
wood-hulled vessel. An unfortunate delay in my studies,
tobesure, butitdid provide theaddedt
that I
winter and,

‘What can I say about this nation, these children of
ours, ifyou will? With the ingenuity and grim determina
tion they inherited from their British forefathers, they

native alwaysatthe sides.

share my boredom, I will nt
to the shores of the

nothing ne\

nefit ofensuring
ised the lingering traces of the New England
nstead, arrived well into spring.

n from the wilds of an
untamed land. The United States governmentnow owns
all the lands between Mexico (rife with Sabbat, sol hear)
and our own Canadian territories, and from, as one of
theirrathersilly songs would have it, "sea toshinings
Owning is not, however, the same as controlling by any
stretch of the imagination; still their western frontiers
are wild and untamed, harsh of weather and environ:

ment, rife with outlawry, claimed by Indians who are


fest destiny, combined, I've no doubt, with a
need to expand to fit their growing population,
forces them westward still. With them, of course, go the
Kindred. As no vital cities have arisen yet in the Ameri-
can West, however (and as it appears to be the younges
es who travel thus, determined to make <lo-
mains for themselves away from the eyes oftheir elders),
Ifind that the prospect holds little interest for me. What
need I, in my study of Kindred polities and activities, to
obse c, as of yer, few political
2 When those who have gone west
have overcome their own internal struggles, the

ve those who ha pira-

tions beyond surviva
ronment, the werewolves and, above all, the
then they may be worthy of further study

Along similar lines, the majority of the elder Kin-
dred in the Americas seem to congregate in the Ne
England region (anamel find vastly amusing, g
insistence on throwing off our guiding hand). The
emportionsofthe country are dominated by the Camarilla
in theory, but the Sabbat has a powerful prese
well, and conflict is frequent (though far less so than in
the West). The American South is still undergoing a
period of Reconstruction, and is far less technologically
advanced than the North. (Hypocrisy is another di
tinctly American trait — less than a century after their
own desperate revolt against us, they refuse to allow near
half their own number the same rightof "slf-determina-
tion." Had not American slavery been one of the issues
decided in that silly litele war, I'd have precious little
good to say of the Norther states.) There, the Sabbat
presence is greater, bolstered by its Mexican presence,
butstill, che Camarilla maintains tentative superiority

Of course, the end of slavery is still nearly a myth in
many parts of the country. The colored are treated
horribly in much of the South, and I hear tell of Kindred
in the Southern states who still keep herds of slaves,
bound by their will. Even here, in the North, Bla
a difficult time of life, often relegs
worse than those permitted Chinamen

Still, this region is far more cosmopolitan than
many, and here can be found perhaps the greatest of all
American cities.

New York, New York

en their

here as

have
red to duties even

I must admit, itis viscerally thrilling to sail over the

vaters toward Bedloe's Island in New York harbor. To
see the Statue of Liberty rising tall from the walls of the
old fort, gleaming in the sunlight — itis, eruly, almost

enough to make one believe America's conceit that it is
the home of freedom in the modern world. The statue

does not gleam as brightly as pethaps she did when she

167

was first unveiled 10 years gone — her copper flesh has

en with the verdigris birthed by the salty

surrounding her — butstill, she is one of the most
sights a man might hope to see.

York itself, constructed on the island of Man:
hattan, is very much the modern city. Along with its
surrounding communities of Brooklyn, Queens, Staten
Island and the Bronx — I should mention here that a
movement is afoot to join all these communities, and
others as well, into a single municipality — it is clearly
the construct of men of English descent. In many ways,
New York truly appears to be a younger and somewhat
immature reflection of London itself. Where we have the
stately Thames, they have the Hudson. They ha'
greater admixture of races and nationalities dwelling

here — everyone from Chinamen to Irishmen to free
Blac
isolated communi
divided, as is London's, between th
working classes. Asone travelsdown the
dodging pedestrians and carriages al
tosee the rich black smoke ofthe factories and manufac
turing concems mingling with the gray clouds of the
New England sky. I imagine that the winter snows
provide quite the contrast to these darker shades; but
avoiding winter here, as I explained I had done, I saw
nothing but the soaking rains that are very much like
sxperienced back home (if somewhat less fre-

(0 Italians can be found here, often in their own

ies —but their citizenry is very clearly
affluent and the
obbled streets,

one can look up

those
quent).

New York boasts an astonishing system of public
transportation. Elevated trains
trolleys cross the city at re
the most impoverished to move from one end of the city

nd the new electric
ir intervals, allowing even
to the other, and into the neighboring communities as
well, atneed. Nor that most of the working class have far
to go. Large tenements ("apartment buildings," to use
the American vernacular) stand within blocks of the
factories, which are themselves within blocks of street
afterstre
to live their entire lives within the space of a few square
miles. Most of the
particularly pricey residential neighborhoods on the
outskirts of New York or else outside Manhattan proper.
Much of the city is lit by electricity, not gas — a
development that even London itself has yet to accom.
plish

New York has swiftly become a primary center of
American culture (although some might argue that no
such thing exists). The Metropolitan Museum of Art
boasts an impressiv. ntral Park
provides the people of the city a place in which to enjoy
some semblance of natural surroundings, and the Acad-

of storefronts ofall sorts, enabling the workers

well-to-do dwell in several

-ollection of artifacts, C

‘CHASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPHY


166

cemy of Music and the Metropolitan Opera House pro-
vide ample opportunity for New York's elite to enjoy an
evening out. Many of America's
make their homes here, as do many of the
political figures. Tammany Hall, a political organization
run by aman called "Boss" Tweed, holds a great deal of
power in the city despite a temporary weakening in the
1870s. Through illegal favors and vote-gathering tech-
niques, they can make orbreak any of theaforementioned
political hopefuls — an important tool, particularly in
the hands of the city's rampant Sabbat. Luckily, they are
too manic to bring it under their sway.

I must confess, | found myself taking a rapid dislike
to those of New York's upper class around whom I spent
aa great deal of time. They wish to be taken seriously, not
as wealthy patrons of New York, but as scions of distin-
guished families and the elite of a city rich in history.

I cannot help but scoff at them. New York is impres
sive, this I grant them. But it is not stately. It is not
elegant. vis, when all is
of a nascent country with very little true history or
tradition to call its own. For the wealthy here to play at
being the equivalent of the old families in England, with
whom they do, indeed, seem to compare themselves in
many respects, would be insulting were it not so bold.

That said, New York is a powerful city, particularly
in financial arenas. The growth of the Ameri
modities market isstaggering, and much of itis controlled
through stocks and bonds purchased and traded here.
This, if nothing else, makes New York prime territory for
both Kindred sects. Within the shadows, beneath the
streets and hidden within wood-paneled offices, New
York is pbat presence here greatly
overshadows the C but itis, at least for the
nonce, the Camarilla that struggles to establish a foot-
hold in the financial and pol
and, thus, of New York City

ealthiest families
nation's

id and done, the crown jewel

com-

city at war. The S:
arilla

al heart of Manhattan

Icis nigh impossible to compose a list of the impor-
tant Kindred of the region, for the mortality rate is
staggering, Joseph Welles!
of Ventrue lords in Europe, claims a domain in Manhat-
tan only through desp.
with Tweed and others in Tammany Hall have been
sufficient, to date, to prevent the Sabbat's Cardinal

who hails from a long line

ate measures. His connections

Francisco Domingo de Polonia (an expert at political
maneuvering, especially for a Sabbat vampire) from
establishing many of his own pawns in New York's
municipal government. Wellesley's Tremere allies, op-
erating from a hidden chantry, ward off the mystical
forces of the Sabbat (as well
growing Giovanni presence among the Italian immi
grants). A tiny clutch of Nosferatu prowls the city's

CHATTER FOUR

keep an eye on the

growing sewer system — though it is said that horrid

creatures dwell in the depths that frighten even these
loathsome Kindred — and a Toreador coteri
gathers about New York's museums and speak ill of its

enemies, as though that would do any good.

or two,

The Sabbat, in turn, holds the surrounding commu:
nities, From hi
Brooklyn, Polonia leadsana

ns hidden throughout Long Island and
ack on multiple fronts. His
Brujah and Taimisce soldiers take tothe streets, while his
Lasombra brethren and their Ventrue allies slowly as
sault the Camarilla's minuscule political base of power.
Should nothing change, i is but a matter of time before
New York, this prince of the Americas falls utterly tothe
Sabbat, but still, the
neither side can truly claim to be uncontested at this
point. The Sabbat caus
struggles among Polonia's "bishops" and "archbishops"
—Turlev and Ecaterina (called "The Wise") being the
‘wo greatest of the

Of course,

amarilla battles viciously, and

omewhat hampered by power

many Camarilla Kindred of Manhattan.
are also distracted by other, petty concerns. In addition
to the standard political games that all vampires seem to
play with one another, the Kindred of New York seem
particularly determined to prove their "worth" to their
European cousins. In the past century, the world has
come to see the United States asa nation in its own right
— but to the deathless Kindred, this country is still an
upstart place to which troublesome childer may be sent
to play. It is an attitude that chafes more conservative
Kindred and their ilk
drawing upon all the resources (such as favors, bons or

ind renders them incapable of

familial connections) they might have at their com-
mand, for fear of appearing weak

In the filthier neighborhoods lurk Kindred who
seemunconcemed with the progress of the war. Nosferatu,
Brujah, Followers of Set, Giovanni — perhaps even
some of the Asian vampires — these all dwell away from
the halls of power, concerned with nothing but theirown
needs. Many claim individual neighborhoods like inde
pendent fiefs, and the Sabbat luminaries neither know
nor care enough to reign them in. Life is a hard lot for the
mortals living within these territories — for, like their
spiritual brother Prince Fagin in London, the local undead
have no pity for the "cattle" on which they feed. The
worst of the lot is Lenore, a Follower of Set who has
alliance of these Kindred "robber
Unwilling to bow to either the Camarilla's
traditions" or the Sabbat's "religious mania,"

begun to form
barons.
"stiflin
these independent Kindred may prove a deciding force
in the conflict gripping New York — if they can work
together without tearing one another apart.


Through New England, by
Coach

Truly, this entire region isthe work of men who long
for the grandeur of England without truly understanding
it. Thad noted the architecture in New York and thought
itperhaps a quirk ofthe city
of New England show it as well. Buildings are con-
structed argeand looming, facedin stone, often decorated
with strangely sculpted eave
goyles. Without the history behind such edifices, though,
they come across not as majestic, but as despe

grab fora grandeur they have not earned. And the

if 1 may be excused a lapse into anthropomorphism,
angry, menacing, as though frustrated by their failure to
achieve the magnificence for which they strive

but no, many other cities

and even looming gar-

Between these cities, spread throughout wooded hills
and grassy plains, tiny villagessitnestled into the landscape.
Oblivious to the growth and progress of the cities around
them, the not unlike their English counterparts,
cexist as they have for generations. Here, wood houses and
log cabins are still the norm, roads are unpaved, and faith
flourishes, for God has not yet been dethroned by philoso-
phy and technology. The people live simple lives; they
hunt, they farm, they attend church fastidiously, and they
travel to thenearest city when they require something their

e hamlet

pastoral lifestyle cannot provide. Further, they try their
hardest to avoid the Kindred and other things that stalk the
night and the woods around their homes.

As with the villages in the English countryside and
throughout Easter Europe, many of these towns are
populated by a single Kindred occulted in their midst.
Most of those here in America do not tout themselves as
"lords" or royalty, however. In one such town, northwest
of New York, the Ventrue Thomas Eckhard literally
rules as judge and magistrate, punishing the townsfolk
who violate his "law." In another, in Massachusetts, an
elder Malkavian "Inquisitor" holds the entire town in
fear, as though it were still the 1600s. The mad Kindred's
servants quickly levy a charge of witchcraft against any
who challenge his superiority
These, and countless othe
Englanders in terror, but they
Whilelesscon

like them, hold New
e not the only dangers.
mhere than they are out West, werewolves
stalk the woods of New England. Other creatures, lesseasily
identified, lurk about the edges of the towns. Angry spirits,
many of whom represent the displaced natives, flit about
the wildemess, shaking impotent (or occasionally not so
impotent) fists at white travelers, and bizarre mishaps befall
human and Kindred alike should they vio
ancient customs of the land.

te strange and

Some Final Words

Thad thought to continue. I had thought to study
some of the original colonies south of the New England
1e become prosperous indeed and must
surely have attracted more than their share of Kindred.
Thad even thought of traveling through Mexico itself —
and certainly through the British colonies in Canada
But | will do none of these things.
Washington D.C., | found
Jonathan — my son. I had known he was talking of
moving his family to the States, but had no idea he had
already... How long ha

e | been dead?

This must be the purpose behind everything I have
done. Jon has followed in my footsteps, as both doctor
and scientist. I have high hopes that my grandson, and
his children, will continue to do so, that my family may

gle to enlighten mankind and advance the
sciences.

But I fear that, in their studies, they may do as I did
and attract the attentions of creatures beyond the ken of
those sciences.

So, Iwill leave my journals— my studies of Kindred
physiology and family, as well as this treatise on their
behavior — where he may find them. That, I finally see,
iswhyl
own understanding, but to protect my family

Perhaps, with the knowledge contained within these
journals of mine, my son and his sons may avoid the
Kindred in their quest for understanding. The Kindred
have taken my life already. I only hope that, with the
knowledge I can bestow, no more of my family need ever
involve themselves in the world of the Kindred.
Jonathan.

Your father,
Dr. Cornelius Netchurch

wve been unable to move on, not to increase my

Love yo

CHASING SUNSET (GEOGRAPHY



Chapter Five:
Storytelling

Tallag stories Cbs. ie oldest art
Ie im toour 5 abe wee thrall
ar Sof a, ie fo put

Le a their. hea 5 fal arruse,
i ae ve ia

Ls, roby paying con be gmorbe

oh tole —o a dsotbor, op hes

Cheri ib affine arts ts we're usin fe

rere art ist My eee EG

boy he

cabernet lence, Fi wi
bes Ms if variant i

ae (Olt bo Afra fa rom Vege

a ae

Bice ly in tone, Fee SS ey ae

aN it changethae pS ie ai

a V ies fg te former glans (hte
pulp ‘citley asph fet Hees ba
red SCPE ik Pan the. aie fae
7 ahd ae nls
antirsly ye Chose x7 a8 Pile he


If you're wondering if there's enough difference between Vampire: The
Masquerade and Victorian Age: Vampire to make an entire storytellin
chapt essary, restassured, there is. Victorian Age: Vampire isstorytellin;
for the advanced player. It's not Superhero by Night; it's not about rolling
dice and kicking ass; it's about evoking mood and slipping into another,
darker, world as much as your imagination and the spoken word will allow
This is storytelling for adults,

The point of Vietorian Age: Vampire is to bring the Gothic literary
sensibility to bear on roleplaying. While doing so may require more effort
and focus than some troupes are up for, the rewards for such a complete
interactive experience as well —after all, this tradition sees the
origin of the vampire as something other than a mindless, bloodsucking
monster. The goals ofthis chapter are to provide you with a quick introduc
tion to the Gothic literary genre and to provide you with some tools to give
your Victorian chronicle a transfusion of old-fashioned Gothic horror.

Gothic 101

The Victorians were on closer terms with their fears than we are, an
really, how could they not be? Despite their much-vaunted civility and
stoicism, the only thing standing between themand the dark ofthe night was
the light provided by fires and gaslights. The Enlightenment remained a
relatively recent phenomenon, and the forces of superstition — old, power
ful and deep-rooted — had yet to be effectively expelled from the pul
psyche; the last execution for witchcraft took place in Germany in 1793,
only one century earlier.

The first Gothic novel, Horace Walpole's Castle of Otranto was pub:

disturbing and bizarre. It concerned itself with

jons proper gentry best ignored. The story itself was

lurid and, remarkably enough, spectacularly successful. For the

eral decades, the Gothic novel thrived. The Castle of Otranto was

followed by other Gothic classics, all of which added their own take on the

genre of the bizarre and the disturbing: Gregory Lewis' scandalous The Monk,

Anne Radcliffe's The Mysteries of Udolpho and The Italian, Charles Maturin's

Melmoth the Wanderer, William Beckford's Vathek. Each of these titles

spawned literally hundreds of imitators. From 1765 through the end of the

Victorian era, anyone accustomed to picking up a book from time to time

was very likely to have read at least one tale of horror, madness, monstrosity,

death, disease, terror, evil and twisted sexuality. Such was the popularity of
the Gothic genre.

The Victorian age officially began in 1837 with the coronation of
‘Queen Victoria and ended with her death in 1901. The era was marked by
change — political, industrial, economic and cultural — and any time a
great deal of change happens in a very short time, it almost inevitably
triggers a sense of unrest and nervou! not outright fear. And what

e him. So it was that the Gothic genre —
nd the dreadful — was one of the most
popular genres ofthe century. Gothic tales focused on precisely those thi

n, such as ghosts, demons, witches and, in

in foreign, exotic lands, derelict mansions
and eerie, abandoned castles. These were the tales that the Victorians had


grown up reading. With such an appetite for ghosts and
the like, it was only a short step, then, to afull Victorian
fascination with the vampire.

The Victorian age witnessed the debut of the vam-
pire (as we know it today, in any case),
bloodsucking undead seemed to be everywhere. Purport-
edly factual news accounts of bloodsucking corpses had
made their way from Eastern Europe into English tab:
loids. Those accounts, in tur, paved the way for the
publication of John Polidori's "The Vampyre" in 1819.
Karl Marx likened the wealthy to vampires feeding off
the life's blood of the proletariat. Following his example,
san accusing the British aristocracy
of vampirism while the aristocracy began accusing the
commoners of being torchbearing rabble (another image
that has made it into the Gothie image vaule thanks to
Frankenstein). The public had a seemingly endless thirst
for accounts of vampirism, and throughout the 19th
century, writers were more than happy to deliver, with

h lurid account outdoing the last until the culmina:
tion of the form in Dracula, published in 1897 —the last
year of the timeframe covered by Victorian Age: Vam-
pire.

ind the

the common man b

Functions of the Gothic Game

The Gothic gente is, above al else, the literary form
of the eerie and the disturbing. That is the mood that
you, as Storyteller, must try to cultivate with every
setting, character and incident you create. The primary
challenge in running a purely Gothic game is establish-
ing and maintaining a persistent and claustrophobic
sense of dread.

While it may not seem particularly difficult, consis-
tently maintaining a dark mood during a roleplaying
session is not easy.

Having friends over to roll some dice and do some
character grandstanding while
and soft drinks — that's easy. It's social, it boosts
everybody's ego, and it's not unduly taxing. It also won't
take you very far out of your everyday existence, and it
certainly doesn't count as an art form.

Traditionally, Gothic storytelling is challenging.
It's probably more appropriate to serious Storytellers
with a small, dedicated group of pethaps two to four
players who are ready to conduct their roleplaying with
a greater degree of introspection. Players who need
constant combat to keep their attention, who play only
to develop hyperpowered cl
tagging along to be in the presence o
are not good candidates for a Gothic chronicle; the
intensive characterization necessary to maintain the
mood combined with the step by step descent into

nishing off some snacks

aracters of who are just
a romantic interest

115
unnerving scenarios wherein they may at times be all but
powerless will probably not suffice to keep their atten-
tion.

Players must be will
Gothic novel is

1 to forego powergaming. The
bout a protagonist becoming embroiled
ly complicated web of eerie and bizarre
and wondering if he'll escape with his body
(orat least soul) intact. Irisnot about swagge
the streets of London looking for Sabbat thugs to burn
between downing draughts of prostitute's blood. At its
root, the Gothic novel isn't about heroics, but, rather,
victimization. Players should know before starting a
chronicle such as this that their characters may be in for
some tough times; i's common in the Gothic novel for
protagonists to be tortured, to go mad, to suffer the
miseries of the damned or to die. The Gothic gente is all
about dread, and before the Storyteller can plausibly
create a mood of dread, the possibility of horrible out-
comes for the characters must exist.

The Elements of Gothic

Gothic novels relied heavily on many of the same
elements and literary devices to make them appealing to
their readers; they used similar techniques to achieve
their mood and their disturbing tone. Throughout this
chapter, the major elements of the Gothic novel will be
broken down, and we'll show you how to incorp.
those elements into your Vietorian Age: Vampire
chronicle in order to replicate the effect of the Gothic
novel: creating.a sense of dread in an audience — in this
case, your players.

Gothic storytelling is all about atmosphere. Enu
erating the standard tropes of the Gothic is like trying
todescribe a disease by its symptoms. You get the general
idea, but without gaining any knowledge of the underly-
ing phenomenon itself

There's nothing magical about the following list of
Gothic plot devices, but they're the ones that have been
used to good effect by the Gothic novelists of the
and they're the ones with which you're most likely
familiar. One critic claims that for a work to be Gothic,
it should combine a fearful sense of inheritance in time
with a claustrophobic sense of enclosure in space, these

towo dimensions reinforcing one another to produce an
impression of sickeningdescentinto disintegration. That

sums it up fairly effectively, but it can seem like a tall
order if you don't break it down abit. Just remember that
the thing that takes precedence in Gothic literature is
mood, and any setting and any plot elements that you
can use to cultivate and maintain a dark and disturbing

mood will strengthen your chronicle and make it memo-

‘STORTTELLING


rable for your players long
other games they may have played

cer they've forgotten those

The Weight of History

The Gothic novel itself owes everything to history.
Te was his fascin
Horace Walpole to write The Castle of Otvanto in the first
place, and nearly every work published in the genre ince
hashad a looming sense of history to it. The events of the

ion with Gothic architecture that led

Gothic novel are frequently the consequences of some
dreadful event that took place y
centuries) ago, and the prota

rs (oF, in some cases,
onist's role is to discover
what those events were and to put to rest any ghosts,
literal or figurative, that may still be cau
What role th

novel to novel.

trouble.
sen
metimes, it figures as the weight of
tradition or the sense of obligation to an old, powerful
family. Sometimes, a grim history threatens to repeat

e of history plays varies from

inst the wishes of those living in the present. In
other Gothic tales, history is just used for comparison, to
show how far the denizens of the modern age have fallen
into decadence. In The Fall of the House of Usher, the
eponymous house (both the edifice and the bloodline) is
old, bordering on ancient, and both the house and the
family clearly evince the decay and decline of venerabil-
ity. Poe comments repeatedly on the great age and
history of both over the course of the story, and by the
end of the narrative, both have fallen prey to decay

Asa Storyteller, it is up to you to determine how
much history comes to bear on your chronicle. Are the
wught ina reenactment of a tragedy that first
unfolded centuries ago? Does the weight of history and
tradition push a vampiric prince to do something hor-
rific? Is one character in love with a woman who is the
mation of the dead bride of an old and powerful
vampire?

characters:

rein

Storyteller for Victorian Age: Vampire, you
have some pronounced advantages when dealing with
the weight and consequences of history. Vampires are
ageless, allowing the origi
further in the mysterious past. No other creature is so
well suited to suffering the ravages of time, history and

ting incident to be all the

decay as the vampire
highlight that fact.

Vampires may ¢

storyteller, it's your job to

en grow physically strongereven as

their consciences degrade. What must elder vampires

seem like to neonates? The weight of history must seem.
heavy indeed. Conflicts with the past are plentiful for
vampires, and ancient nemeses aren'e difficult to come
by when you consider the constant nightly struggles
being waged by shrewd elder vampires.

COLAPTER FIVE

You and your troupe can even play out that history
if you're so inclined. Dark A
ability to play out some pivotal event from history even
nces in Victorian Age

lternate storytelling sessions. In the

Vampire gives you the

as you're playing out its conseq
Vampire through
Dark Ages game, players could take on the role of their
Victorian charact ndbyalternating games,
event could finally manifest

randsites,
the precipitating histori
just as its horrible after effects come into play in the
Victorian game. To go really hardcore with your
storytelling experience, you could run a third game of
Vampire: The Masquerade wherein players portray the
childer of their Victorian Age: Vampire characters.
You'll need to ask yourself exactly how you want
history to play a role in you chronicle. You don't want to
hitthe players over the head with it, br, like everything
in the Gothic genre, drop subtle hints frequently enough
that the players are able to put the pieces together for
themselves. Part of the appeal for the players should be
dise
the situation in which they find themselves.

ring just what the impact of history has been on

As Storyteller, you'll need to plot out exactly what
happened in the past. Did a precipitating event occur? If
so, how long ago did it take place? Who was the victim,
and who was the perpetrator? Was it covered up? If not,
why not? Howare the events of the past connected to the
present? What connects the players' characters to that
event? One suggestion: Err on the side of complexity.
‘The more Byzantine the backstory, the more interesting
it will be for your players to untangle over the course of
the chronicle, and the more true to the source genre you
will be

The Fascination with Place

The Gothic genre w:
seminal works took place in the gloomy castles built in

so named because many of its

some pseudo-historical age by the Goths, a much-my

thologized tribe of Germanic barbarians. Those castles
were inevitably full of suits ofarmor, hoary secrets, ghosts,
and at least one cruel lord who ruled the castle with an.
iron will. Such Gothic castles, often thinly disguised as
abbeys, mansions and other extrav
estate in later works, provided the setting for Gothic

nt pieces of real

novels for the first several decades of the genre's exist-
ence.

A respectable portion of the Gothic sense of dread
comes from lonely and haunted settings, so once you've
attended to the events that h
chronicle, it's time to handle the specifics of the loca-
tion. Many early Gothic novels take their names from
the desolate places in which they are set, including The

tle of Otranto, Mysteries of Udolpho and

wunched your Gothic


Heights, illustrating the prominence locale has on the
Storyteller, you can easily exploit the Gothic
genre's traditionally eer ghten the mood
ofyourchronicle, butdon't e. Begin the chronicle
ina safe and unremarkable setting. Allow the characters
some easily resolved conflicts to bolster their confidence
(or foster overconfidence, as the case may be), then
slowly reveal that the course of the story is going to take
them out of their moderately comfortable Victorian
surroundings. Make it clear that the place the characters
need to travel to is foreboding; warn the chi
it isa place they 0
mysterious, allur nd inescapable that they can'thelp
but tempt fate through a visit

The Journey

Iemay takea significant journey for the characters to
arrive at their Gothic destination. Ie'snot the nextstreet
over, but rather hundreds of miles away, possibly in an
exotic foreign land, and the train won't take them there
(not all the way, in any case). Travel was a much slower
process in 1888. Travel time was considered part of the
experience, not the brief bit of annoyance that happens
between origin and destination it is now. Some portions
of the journey may need to be done by ship.

The characters' journey to their Gothic destin:
should be ill-omened in whatever ways you can mana
Let those with Auspex have terrible dreams or visions
relatingto their destination. The Medium Meritisexcel
lent for giving characters ghostly warnings of what is to
come. ans, as lunatic savants, should be particu-

by upcoming events; visit upon them
terrible hallucinations containing veiled hints (or red
herrings) having to do with the upcoming conflict
Alternatively, they might hear spirits or ghosts warning
them away or enter into an automatic writing trance
wherein they write down terrible prophecies concerning
the journey or what awaits them at their destination.
Optimally, the journey should provide the chronicle

with a moody and eventful prologue and provide an

introduction to the chronicle's tone. Let the characters
feel they are making a descent into dread. Gothic litera-
ture provides plenty of examples to draw upon. Jonathan
Harker's journey to Castle Dracula through the wolf-
infested Transylvanian countryside playsa crucial role in
establishing the mood of Dracula. For a more recent
cinematic example of the journey from the mundane
into Gothic, check out Apocalypse Now, which is itself
based on Joseph Conrad's very Gothic Heart of Darkness

Isolation

Isolation plays an integral part in creating a mood of
dread. Gothic literature abounds with lonely and der-


ayp uaiysiay 01 s9]jauuorg se sBuRP UNEUIAD op UeD
oA -snunosua Aaxp asoxp pue sHIoeEYD ayp UsDMI9q
pue adnon axp unypi tog sonsst omod o2 ape 9g
‘pio 104s Ut 11980] Aatp pue AJood warp s1y 31 4aMod
tuo spuey s1oqp 208 Ayoug Aotp Jt uaaa aeyp Burazosapun
uinboe 01 uLkn
see are ramod anoypia asoyp ‘asiMayr] "pueUIIOD
Sop asoyp 1 forud aq. ang diay yue> Koy ‘wou uF
4p] Aajpqoujo yeansouiosaaey seus Aoyp apy‘ asnstU
oy uy

pue Anod os djjensn 21,40 3nq

semjeasouype s9mod uta asoup ‘onuUa8 214204
9
peo ay!}-plpyuay ‘pamoey oat wayp Burun ‘sqUeAras
Su Jo J]! oyp des 01 pauiodind sem anduea ay wey
1UOpIOd" OU Osfe Saf "SIEIDOISLIE aye aaMawIaN] IPOS Ut
sondurea Aueui os reyp auapIode OU say "VORTPEN InpOS,
ap yBnomp p
aub Aat]}29s pue 94UeUIWIOp ‘UOResT}go ‘diysiaUmO "UoIs

jeue Apuanbay 219m rey sid9u0D

-sossog ‘2uMMBION] IPOH Jo Siow sofew ayp moysnonp,
souwiaya sofew paseydssaussopamod puesamog ‘sion2erey>

axp udamidq sansst sod 01 UD]e 99 02 NEA |],NOK
"ors oxtdue,, :aBy weH0I91\ sN04

somo Jo KuuesK], OY,

ioysnosy |

{9s jo ann
Bumnias ayp Aeydia
8 YOM ay] ay pue
sour ‘swnjAse SneUN] ‘sa1LoIeIOgey ‘pou! IPOD ap
‘1 soajastuatp pua] osje aysiu sfumasjo soda 9490

8 OI! dAfoADP UIE ay 29] PU
01 10u jryore> aq "ureBe Inq Yf

‘uoIsINoxo uvsueIIIIGNs
UOYs E UDA Yaa aweT ay Jo suo 999 ap UAIYsTOY
Ayisea uvs nod ang ‘poow Jo asuas sa 980] ]]}A 9H
yp ‘asiauayao ‘(ates ay op siakvjd anos 19] 40) JaveI>
‘uoaSiunp v se Azors atp jo Buryunp res 3,40q "Pjoyun or
14208) 504 pood ype aze suoasunp pue
sujnea uvaueiagns ‘squiooee> ‘sWAeC

appruoryp ay jostoniodzasoistumas orp SuLres ary
eigoydonsne|> jo asuas ayp unysioy 02 Avs 9UC)

sapotuonyp
‘punoaiapun

-sfumas
asoup ut axayp uays jaoy Aoyp aeU UF pajyear BuI9q
Jo onwsu9s at aquosop 40 auIA or awn Woy BuN]!99
Mo] B UO speay say dung wayp 297] -paurensuod st
auautaaow stp WY 198104 siaAeyd nok 39] 3,uop— Aeyd
Jo asunoo ayp ut pue a]>ruoryp anos 20) sBuMnas ayp Su
uBisop Ur sitp roqurowiay "Ajaoru awayp step uo dn xo1d
[re aeqgeg axp Jo samy uoReas9 axp pur yeung aimeutsid
‘3yp ut 9jou 4ay e pated ayy axp pue

waned ‘synutssqe] ut wuaudenua

‘quawiaanunuy "o2u9
suoasiunp ‘sonarqno
[eoiskyd ang — ajdurexa 10} ‘sanyjiqysuodsoa Aq 10 von
-apen Aq ‘Aqtuey s,au0 Aq padden Suioq— [e
au0ut sean sitp.

yoyderour
udenu9
Jo sowoyp Yar apeap Apuanbay ames] 10D

AUTO "SUOS SNOULA JO 24

eiqoydonsnejy,

WV)

-a]2quoxyo ano4 ur BuIpying 91,04 peasp jo
astias axp Surys|qeasa Ut Ava Huo} v O8 y]ay "stosean
‘Adsa1o Ayouranxo pu poo8 419. 103 pouopuege seas
2 2eyp aq UONe>!{dun sup 29] ‘pauopuege sea 29010
yp Aya auyap Aproydxa 29A0u nos jt Uaag suOsEaT
{daai5 Ayputonyxo pue poo' A194 303 pouopuege A
‘are saoefd ‘Sjaaou a1 uy -aunyy -ased ayp 10)
PaysT|qeIs9aaey nos Suorsiy Jo puryreya uoBuIpUd
-ap ‘2[ptuoryp ay ur aed Suiqimstp Apre[nonsed
¥ Avjd pjnoo uonsonb sony arp o2 samsue ayy,
pauopuege sex ooejd ayp Aya pure ying 2814 sean aE
raya a7] sea aou]d ay 1eyA JapuoN 02 sFarDeIeH>
qf aping -20ed ay yo uonejossp) pur ssouty
BuO] Jo astIas ay 2YOAA ‘suINU SUIgLOsop UAHA
"a]>1uony anoé Jo pow ayp pling djoy
01 98n ue? nok aeyp Sptezep SuawUOpuEge st 910}94
2H] seas 928] oup rey Jo souOWoW Aq Uaxp ‘sss
44q20u pt ‘paruney uayo axe sun ‘Aqfeuonppy 2s],
Bunpou oy] Avoap Jo Aayjiqaraaur axp pue Azorsty
yoastias B9YoA9 Aatp Inq ‘sUIBI0 s.naqyrU TION ay
(1 uayaeay Aatp op Jo 10N "suns Josa}durexa xpiss
spunoge aimeian| 211109 som jTe Aay1—auayou
Jo oppprut aya ut ano suojsuieut Sunni04 Adaaio ‘sumor
SOYF ‘suINE ARO SuINA UeUIOY "SUI jo souET
-zoduu at SupuONSUM Ino\pIM a19}dw09 94 pnom
appruory> onpoo & UF 9>eId Jo Lorssn>sIp ON

SUING OGY PION V.

'soagomazam Jo 20uasoud aup sat ‘ouidurea v UL
peaip jo asuas punojoud vayoaa ueoaetp SunpAues.s19y2
J! pur ‘yjomp sourdny ayn azaym saoejd ayp ase asoyy
119% se Aea Jaypoue UE peoyp Ayydure ue> po 4p jo
sooujd pyia pue Ajouo] axp ‘ssaunpieg Jo peo py axp Uy
"uorsueus jensooue 40 Aaqqe snounbign ayp se
noayo se asnf aze sour puv sasnoyaysy ‘spuvjst paras
AaMoY ‘ONY Ut p
s9]820] asoup oF partuny] 10U 94,nOK "UIT sea 1 WI
‘xp ae oxa pue parejost yioq aq 01 papuarut Sure —

apisAnunoo werpeyy axp Jo sppias aya Ur pare0] st OrMENE

‘Suorsstun ‘suMor ISOYD) *

Joapse> snow.Auods ay J "aq 02 a]q}ssod s1.1 se parejost se
‘9]0q YUON aye dn purm aimea.9 sty pue UIDISUDyUELY
uodn aveap 02 sojdurexa ata aj st aanzeza1y] 21405)
-are ay — ayqeiouy
oy asn{ sradejd Sumpurutas yo shea apaqns ypu dn au
uonejos!joasuas, siakvjdayp aou0juIay "BuIqamasip Ay
-adso aq uvo Ayje isozeau ayp wioy Aauano! saysiU Anos
But9g os ‘neuta]qoad aq 02 souoyd |
puy eur siaejd awiog
‘wo stasvjd snoK aaouras 01 St Jeo8 aY_L "]LAPE St 9]e20]
queysip ‘Afauo] Auy "sja.oy pue syendsoy ‘sa8po] But
-quny ‘sjooypsurpieog ‘swuntaearues'shaqqu'sapase9 19119

OLL

a4oja194p pue — parejost

yo 49") yp uaa

<djpy Jo aoanos 1uatuaauos Aue


awareness of power disparities — invoke characters!
standing, note a ostracism, pit
esteemed clans against coarser ones — so feel free to do
so. While the characters don't have to be consciously
aware of it, itshouldn't take much for relatively powerful
party members toslip toward.en
slip toward servility

‘The Gothic Antagonist

Power plays an important role for the Gothic an-
tagonist. He likely has a significant amount of it, and in
all likelihood, he abuses it to the detriment of those
around him. In the Gothic novel, the antagonist was
typically the lord of the place where the story took place.
His word was law, and those who questioned him were
punished or killed. His cruelty knows only the limits of
his power.

Ie's important to note, however, that the Gothic
antagonist is not Snidely Whiplash. One thing the
Gothic antagonist

soci haracter's cultur

ey and for the othersto

not is a one-note, moustache-
owirling carica The Gothic
antagonist doesn't work unless he is in some way an
admirable figure. While hisbehaviormay
he should be driven by conflicting passions, each clash-
ing violently with the next in the battlefield of his mind.
He should be complex, conflicted, driven by opposing
desires. Typically, the Gothic antagonist isa meritorio
individual with great advantages, great strengths and
greatdetermination. Heshould have been a virtuous and
noble lord, but... somewhere, something went wrong.
Maybe power had more pull than humanity for him.
Maybe someone he loved was taken from him, and
everything warm and compassionate in his heart turned
tobile, One of the great modern examples of the Gothic
villain is Hannibal Lecter: brilliant, cultured and in-
sightful, yes, but also a psychopathic cannibal. So it is
with the Gothic antagonist. His virtues are great, but
they are eclipsed by hi his cruelty and his lust
for power. When portraying your antagonist, be sure to
show both sides of his character. Sure, he may be mali-
cious, but he's also educated, refined
disturbingly
The Gothic genre has its share of larger than life
female antagonists as well. In some ways, the women

ure out of melodrama.

levolent,

and, at ti
imirable.

seem more villainous than the men. Whereas hunger for
power seems almost natural in men, i's strange to see in
a woman. While Lady Macbeth predates the Gothic
the wanton
lust for power thatl onist of
the Gothic tale. Whereas men use brutality and cruelty
to accomplish their ends, Gothic's evil women scheme,
seduce and lie their way into positions of power.

genre by acouple of centuries, she epitom

\cterizes the fer

Visions

‘Throughout the Gothic genre, dreams, visions, ilu-
sions and the like play an important role. Anytime the
novelist wanted to convey information that the charac-
ter couldn't obtain thros normal me:
could rely on dreams and the like. Readers of Gothic
literature were willing to accept almost any sort of
strange or wondrous phenomenon, and dreams and vi
sions were just one more means of highlighting the
supernatural

While dreams were the easiest of these phenomena
to bring into play, it wasn't unheard of for a character to
havea vision after fainting, to have insightful hallucina
tions after taking opium or to wax oracular during a
powerful fever dream after becoming ill or suffering a
powerful shock of some sort.

In the case of your chronicle, it's up to your disere-
tion how you want to convey information. Some Merits
and Flaws work particularly well with visions of this sort,
including Nightmares and Oracular Ability

A related phenomenon, the omen, also needs to be
given its due. Whether you use th
as a means of giving oblique feedback to the players,
omens can add a lot to the story. Just be careful how
frequently and how obviously you
lest they inadvertently become com
anything from a black bird following the characters to a
ratbolting from the shadows, spinning counterclockwise
three times and then dying atthe characters' feet. While
an omen can take any form, the general gist of the
warning (or the good tidings, if you want ro use it that
way) should be unmistakable

s, he

as foreshadowing or

e them, however,
Anomencanbe

Ghosts

No supernatural creature better fits into the Gothic
pantheon of literature than the ghost. Even more so than
the vampire, the ghost and the ghost story were staples of
Gothic literature, and a chronicle told without one
seems somehow lacking.

While there are plenty of rules and source materials
for ghosts in the World of Darkness, you're no more tied
tothese than youare tothe characterization of werewolves
in that other game. If you want ghosts to be mindless
drones replaying their own deaths endlessly, so be it
if you want ghosts to be powerful malevo
lent spirits that are out to punish the denizens of the
physical world, that works too.

Your best bet with ghosts, however, is to make them
subtle. Let them be near figments, little more than
hallucinations glimpsed out of the comer of the eye or
touched briefly amoment before the character wakes up.

Alternativel

STORYTELLING


116

Suggestion: If you have A Tum of the Screwat one end of
the spectrum and Poltergeist at the other end, you'll have
an easier time of maintaining the atmosphere of subtle
dread if you stay closer to the former than to the latter.
GhoststoriesbyM.R. Jamesor Algemon Blackwood can
also provide some inspiration and guidance as to how the
Restless Dead may be effectively employed.

Much of the folklore around ghosts can be subtly
brought into play here: The presence of ghosts causes
rooms to grow colder, the touch of a ghost feels like a
current of cold water on the skin, ghosts can communi:

only in whispers (if at all), ghosts can't leave the
room where they were killed.

Obviously, ifone of the characters in your troop has
the Medium Merit or the Necromaney Discipline, you'll
have carte blanche to make even heavier use of ghosts in
your chronicle. Just be careful not to make ghosts such a
commonplace occurrence that they lose their ability to
elicit fear.

The most important thing to remember is that
hosts must be rendered with a great deal of subtlety. A
certain vag
Too much power over the mater

ess, an element of mystery, is essential
al world, too obvious a
potential effect in your
chronicle is undermined as the ghost goes from being a
mysterious agent of fear to being another Storyteller bad
guy to be dealt with,

manifestation, and the creatu

The Summoned Thing
Ichapp
are somehow conjured forth that ought not be sun

moned. Demons and stranger things that should remain
outside hu

frequently in Gothic fiction that Things

experience find themselves called into
play by power-hungry mystics who can't resist the temp:
tation to have some great entity do their bidding. I'sone
of the more enduring Gothic trope:
Hellraiser as it was in Lewis' The Monk.

s effective in

Fora Vampire story, such summoned things can be
particularly appropriate. The Disciplinesof Thaumaturgy
and Necromaney are perfect for allowing crafty old
antagonists access to Things From Beyond. In fact, with
a little careful improvising on the ru
the characters themselves who summon something into,

it could even be

being — or who are somehow summoned by an unsus-
pecting "sorcerer" themselves. This dovetails well with
the Victorians' heavy emphasis on the occult, secret
societies and spiritualism. Ir'salso the perfect way to give
sorcerers a way to terrorize the characters.

Ie's worth noting that the most effective way to
wring as much terror as possible from creatures from
beyond isnot to show them. Foras long as you can, and to

as great an extent as possible, do not let the players have

(CHAPTER VE

a good look at whatever the creature is, whether demon,
ghost or something else. Make it afraid of light or trans
parent or simply too fast to catch more than a glimpse of
Give some hint of what the creature might be like (a
weird and disturbing roar,a horribly mutilated victim, an
enormous misshapen footprint), and let the players'
imaginations do the work for you. Ignorance and uncer-
tainty breed fear, and fear is the name of the game in
Gothic storytelling.

There are a number of storylines that could use the
‘Summoned Thing. Most straightforward,
might summon a creature from the other side to kill the
characters before they can interfere in his eldritch plans
Alternative
something,
lose control of it. At that point, the characters are forced
to deal with their original antagonist as well as the one
they brought upon themselve:

y, the characters might themselves summon

ither out of hubris or out of desperation, and

To heighten the sus
pense, let the characters know that their sect is sending
an investigator of things occult. If the characters don't
destroy or banish the thing by the time the investigator
arrives, they'Ilbe drawn up on charges of trafficking with
forbidden powers. The thing could even have been set
loose longago atthe place where the characters have just
arrived. It could be the reason that the local
abandoned in the first place. The thing has been s.

or quiescent for decades and was forgotten with the
passage of time, but with the coterie's arrival, something
happens that wakes itup, starting the cycle of horror and
tragedy all over again.

The Double
The idea of

lurking within us or loosed somehow into the world

dark second self — of a horrible other

beyond — is central to the vision of the Gothic gente.
Echoes of the self appear in mirrors. E
-s and doppelgangers are common in
Gothic tales; we see different takes on the device in
Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray and Stephenson's The
Strange Case of Doctor Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. While the
typesof double are largely used in different ways, they can
play off each other to create a range of effects in a
any case, they make for wicked, visible
haracters that they should find, at the very
least, unnerving.

amples of un.
canny resembla

chronicle. In
echoes of the:

Uncanny Resemblances

While walking through the candlelit gallery of the
ancient castle, a character glances up and sees a painting
(or bas relief or statue) of himself that had to have been
done years before his birth, not to mention his Embrace.
What is it doing there? Where did it come from? If itis
not the character, then whose image is it?


While not among the stranger events to unfold in a
Gothic tale, the uncanny resemblance is one that can.
bring the characters more completely into the story. In
the Gothic novel, the technique was almost overdone,
though a good and subtle Storyteller can still pull itoffas
a weird twist in the chronicle. The big question is,
whether you want to ultimately explain the remarkable
resemblance or if you simply want to leave it as a
unpleasant mystery for the players.

Dopp.

A dop is a creature that can take on the
appearance of whomever it chooses, and it can be the
source of agreatdeal of dread and eerieness inachronicle.
The doppelganger may or may not have any actual
connection to the person it resembles. It may resemble
one character coincidentally, or it may be able to take on
the likenesses of others at will. In the former ca:
doppelganger is likely to be very good at causing trouble
forthe character it resembles, and in the latter, the sense
ofparanoia that comes from not beingcertain ofsomeone's

identity can be a great technique for inducing dread and

horror in your players.

Ac its simplest, the doy ger is simply an evil

twin of the character, and perhaps, that's as far as you'll

it. Maybe the character did havea win who
was Embraced by another clan and now strives to com-
plete that which he was unable to accomplish in life: to
bring ruin and shame to the sibling he so hated. Be
careful with this, as it can smack of artifice if used
awkwardly, but it > central to the re that we
mention it here

Another possibility is for one of the characters to
have a split personality, and while the doppelganger
actually uses the character's body, it's another personal:
ity directing its actions.

Alternatively, the doppelganger could simply be a
talented Tzimisce whose skills at Vicissitude make him
very good at assuming the appearances of others.

Automatons

One of the stranger elements from Gothic literature
is the presence of the unliving human facsimile: manne-
quins, life-size dolls, clockwork automatons, golems,
moving statuesand the like. While these don't necessar-
ily resemble any one individual, unlike the two previous
types, what makes them disturbing is their semblance
(more specifically, their imprecise semblance) to people.
More disturbingly, sometimes, the automatons come to
life. The animated creature doesn't necessarily need to

fact, a mannequin that comes to life
with a character is just as disturbing as
one that clearly has murder on its mind. The best-known,
example of the simulacrum brought to life is obviously


cein's monster, although other examples, like
E-T.A. Hoffmann's The Sandman or the legend of the
golem are worth drawing from as well. The trick here is
to focus on the disturbing almost-but-not-quite-human,
nature of the creature.

The Sublime and the Supernatural

Gothic literature was steeped in strange, supernatu:
ral events. The genre's portrayal of the supernatural was,
probably the main reason that some people read it in the
first place. The explanation for why that was so becomes
a little complicated, but it's worth repeating here so you
can include supernatural events in your chronicle with
the proper Gothic mentality

ral" can refer either to somethi
and unexplained (in some ways the very essence of the

*Superna ghostly
Gothic tale), or it can refer to something that is above or
outside of nature. That latter definition dovetails neatly
with another favorite notion of Gothic writers: the
sublime. The sublime, essentially, is concerned with
«extremity ofemotion.Gothic
writers frequently tried to capture the overwhelming,
oceanic sensation of being sweptaway by extraordinarily
powerful experiences. The Gothic emph:
lime comes directly out of a book entitled A Philosophical
Enquiry into the Origin of Our Ideas of the Sublime and
Beautiful, which was published in 1757 by Edmund
Burke.

‘The Gothic genrebenefited hus
hunger for accounts ofthe super

feelings of spiritual awe:

on the sub-

ly from itsaudience's
|. The Enlighten-
ment, driven as it was to base everything on rationality
and pure logic, had effectively stripped mainstream reli-
gion of itsability to impress frighten or inspire. However,
ithad done nosuch thingto the stranger, more menacing
concepts of the sublime or supernatural. Consequently,
many readers of Gothic literature participated in the
genre to get their fill of the spiritual, irrational and awe-
celings that religion could no longer provid
That said, the whole reason for including the super-
natural in your Gothic chronicle is to evoke that same
sense of awe, the same exper

ence of the sublir
ick if you invoke it
every five minutes. However, if you cultivate a sense of
awe and wonder around the supernatural and use it
sparingly, then it will carry a good deal more impact

ein your
players. The supernatural loses its

when you do bring it to bear in your g

Inclusion of the supernatural in your chronicle is
like cooking with a very potent spice: Give your players
only a taste. Otherwise, you'll cloy their palates, and the
banquet will come to a tragic and premature end.

CHAPTER FIVE

‘The Hegemony of Mystery or the Rapture of
the Hidden

Secrecy makes people crazy. The desire to discern a
tantalizing secret can drive whole chronicles, especially
when the antagonist is strongly motivated to see that
secret remain secret

The Gothic novel was all about the secret, the
hidden and the mysterious. In some ways, mystery was
the raison d'étre for the Gothic genre; the Enlighten
cemingly laid bare the secrets of the world
wanted to retreat into uncertainty, just for a
few hours. The Gothic novel
ous goings on they could ask for

ment had s
and
ave them all the mysteri-

nd then some. Strange,
unnamed characters, coming from unknown places for
mysterious purposes, were commonplace. They were
generally explained by the end of the book, but not
always

When plotting out your chronicle, don't be stingy

with secrets. Let the
other to give the cl
characters themselves have secrets from e:
Mechanically, the Dark Si
purpose, though more sophisticated troupes an dispense
with point-balancing altogether and simply collaborate
to make their backstories occlusive.

ecrets build up one on top of the
acters more to explore. Let the
hy other.
ret Flaw is perfect for this

Very little in a Gothic chronicle should be what it
appears. Everything from motivations to societal behav-
ior should have a fagade to be seen through. Keep the
players in a constant state of doubt. Let them be torn by
ion. While key Sto-
ryteller characters should be terrible and frightening,

desire alloyed with disgust or re
they should also evoke a sense of desire, pity or some
other unexpected feeling in the characters. Be careful. It
takes good storytelling to make such ambiguous charac
ters work, but those are the characters the players will
remember long after the chronicle is over.
Secret Societies

Victorian social norms were particularly conserva-
tive; everyone was expected to abide by strict social
codes, and if one rebelled too visibly against those codes,
interaction would, one by one,

dry up. Ifone's personal code of behavior didn't line up
with that of society, however, one could always seek out
the company of like-minded others and form a miniature
society based on those shared sensibilities. Thus, secret
societies thrived throughout the Victorian era. Hellfire
clubs, magic
ties, molly houses, cabalistic fraternities, Fabians,
Freemasons, anarchists, Illuminati, cryptopapists and
other secret clubs of all description quietly came into

| orders, mystical cabals, theosophical soci


being with no one outside the membership being any the
wiser

‘And with so many people becoming members in this
or that secret society, there was plenty to provide the
masses with fodder for paranoia. It was all very well and
good to read about the Golden Dawn magical order, but
the possibility that the strange young man next door

1 be a practicing member was disturbing, Another
thing the Victorians were very good at was minding each
others' business.

The Sects

In your chronicle, two additional secret societies
exist with which the characters are likely to be familiar
the Camarilla and the Sabbat

The Camarilla, in particular, has the feel of an old,
moneyed secret society. It likes to play by the rules and
fit in. Its membership is, oa large extent, well-to-doand
complete with its wily old strategists, its Bohemian
artists, its adventurers, its scholars and the like. In any
city of significance, Elysium is likely to be held in
opulence and luxury, as the favored members of vampiric
society meet to curry favor with the prince. It's probable
that a city's elders, without even being conscious of
doing so, Embraced from the wealthy and privileged
classes asa means of safeguarding their own social stand

The situation would vary for independents. The
Giovanni may or may not be present; their money and
their smooth manners are as likely to grant them admit
tance as anti-Italian and anti-Catholic sentiments (in
England, anyway) are to keep them out. The Followers of
Set might parlay their ‘pleasing exoticism" intoaccess to
city's social network

Given the blatant class warfare so predominant at
the time, an "alternative Elysium" may have sprung up
for those who didn't or couldn't at least put up a fagade
of normalcy (in most cases, this probably included most
of a city's Nosferatu, Malkavians and probably a ragged
Eastern European Gangrel or two).

The Sabbar, on the other hand, was probably not as
well funded. The split between the shrewd elders and the
rank-and-file is probably too vivid to make any sort of
society function very smoothly. The Sabbat is more
likely to Embrace from the under classes that Marx called
the "lumpenproletariat."

Paranoia

Any time it's hard to tell if someone is "one of us" or
"one of them," a climate of paranoia is likely to settle in,
especially ifthe consequences for mistaking the latter for
the former are severe. The more different and alien they
are and the better they are capable of fitting in, the more

STORYTELLING


162

intense the paranoia. If you're not sure what we mean by
"climate of paranoia," rent any of the versions of The
Thing or Invasion of the Body Snatchers. While not really
Gothic, they do illustrate paranoia well.

For the purposes of your chronicle, the more para:
noia you can generate, the better. Paranoia is a close
relation of dread, and dread is, after all, the Gothic's
prevailing mood.

The Spiral Toward Extremes

The Gothic novel was a sort of antidote to the excess
of rationality that prevailed in the wake of the Enlight-
enment. Readers were tired of seeing sensible, sane and
safe characters in their literature. Luckily for them, the
Gothic novel special
mind outside the norm, and the more luridly, the better.
The Gothic novel showed its readers cruelty, wanton-
ness and madness so fascinating that they couldn't look

J in showing its readers states of

Alternative De

away. Characters in the Gothic tradition sometimes
started out seeming relatively sane, but over the course of
the novel, the cracks in their sane veneer would show,
and the character would begin an irreversible spiral into
insanity. Gothic novels show every possible descent into
madness: slow and disturbing (The Yellow Wallpaper),
fast and violent, even episodic (as in Stephenson's The
Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde). It was one of the
attractions of the genre

Characters in a Victorian A;
have vast potential for insanity. The fang.
ness brought on by the Beast, the degeneration evinced

: Vampire chronicle
smashing mak

by frenzy and Rétschreck and the slow, inevitable loss of
Humanity mirror the Gothic conventions beautifully
As Storyteller, it is your job to determine how best to
place these incidents of madness to further the story you
intend to tell

generation Systems
Ifyou're wanting to play up the theme of degenerationiin your Vietotian Ag
may want to consider making it easier to lose Humanity. Be forewarned, howe'

Vampire chronicle, you
that this can shorten

stories a bit unless you also allow players to earn back Humanity.

Know, howe}

er, that madness, while terribly Gothic, can be disruptive to the mood of a story and to.

the blossomingof your carefully constructed plot. Beaware that it mightbe preferable to let madness remain
a phenomenon largely experienced by Storyteller characters (and, of course, Malkavians).

Aword to the Storyteller: Modifying the degeneration system can bea touchy issue, so talkeit over with
yourplayers first. Ifyou have visions of all the characters plunging into stark lunacy by the chronicle's end
and your players want to play a relatively normal game, there could be trouble on the horizon.

* The difficulty of degeneration rolls goes to 9. Thisis the harshestof the alternatives because itall but
assures that characters will likely lose Humanity ifthey violate their Hierarchy of Sins even a little. On the
other hand, it gives the characters powerful motivation to behave with all the propriety of thesstiff and stoic
Victorians they're portraying,

* A player makes a degeneration check any time the character succumbs to frenzy or Rétschreck. This
is another way of emphasizing the Victorians' priority on maintaining control over oneself. In such cases,
the Storyteller may want to drop the difficulty of the degeneration rollto 7. Otherwise, characters may be
rayening fiends by the end of the prelude.

* As many as five derangements may be taken in place of lost Humanity points, thereby making the
characters more "interesting" over the course of the game instead of more overtly bestial. This approach
deftly captures the Gothic emphasis on madness. When a player takes a derangement for her character
instead of losing Humanity, the Storytellershould pickasuitable derangement, which should be in keeping
with the character's personality. If possible, it should also take into consideration whatever act the
character committed to earn the derangement in the first place. You may want to think twice about letting
Malkavian characters use this alternative, There is such a thing as overkill, even in a genre as gleefully lurid
as the Gothic.

‘© While the Gothic novel was largely a genre ofthe dark and
If you're telling a story wherein Humanity is ¢
to gain Humanity back by doing some great deed or by fighting for some noble ideal (however tragically
doomed). The number of Humanity points gained should never outstrip the number lost, but itgives pl
some respite to constant degeneration.

re, itsnotall degeneration and decay.
¥ to lose, you may also want to consider allowing players

ers

CHAPTER FIVE


‘The Horror of Entrapment

‘Throughout the Gothic genre, examples of the hor-
ror of entrapment populate the narra
are trapped literally (in pits, in catacombs beneath a
castle) and metaphorically (trapped into being the con-
cubineforacruelandnoble lord, trappedby circumstances
in the ancestral home with a family that slowly becomes
insane).

Inthecaseof yourplayers, consider other approaches
to entrapment to explore as well.

Trapped in the Jyhad

The players may be pawns to an elder vampire who
is, himself, trapped in the Jyhad. While he may be
remarkably powerful compared to the characters, he is

ped by his circumstances, and the moment he
been embroiled in for so

fe. Protagonists

es to free himself. One
possible chronicle idea to explore is the notion that a
vampire wrapped up in the Jyhad approaches the charac-
ters and asks them to protect him from the conflict he's
been part of until h
know he's not just using this as his latest strategic feint?
More problematically, can they be sure that they're up to
the task (especially if the elder in question had made
powerful
with the Jyhad)? How could they, as obvious
Kindred, be effective?

Trapped in Vampirism

For a chronicle with only one or two players, it's
possible to deal very intimately with the subject of being
trapped in a vampiric existence. The night-to-night
horrors of vampirism, the tedium of the static existence,

n slip into hiding. How do they

nemies in the course of his long involvement

y younger

can be played up to bringout the drama and the revulsion
of the vampiric condition.

Trapped by the Blood Oath

The sense of loyalty created by the blood bond can
be arduous. Any mortal, ghoul or Cainite in such a
situation is ata decided disadvantage in making his own
ampite fighting against the blood bond or a
cabal of characters trying to find some way of undoing
the blood oath of one of their allies can make for an
interesting chronicle, especially since the secrets of un-

choices. A

doing the blood bond are known only toaselect few, who
are likely to ask a very steep price for their services.

Nature Disturbed

It should go without saying that only two kinds of
weather occur ina Gothic tale: violentstormsand heav
obscuring fog (okay; it's not that reductionist, but the
carry the greatest weight in the genre). While these
conditions require only a few words to establish at each

185

session of the chronicle, it makes sense to have the
weather impinge on the troupe's awareness at key points
in the story. Storms, obviously, are good for establishing
atone ofangeror violence, and fog can play an important,
part if your storyline calls for the characters to get lost.

Other sorts of exotic natural phenon
ning winds that incite
madness, sudden whirlpools in large bodies of water, the
aurora borealis, meteor storms, earthquakes and the like
The only rule is this: If it heightens the sense that
something is wrong to the characters, that natute itself
has been disordered by the dark events unfolding in your
chronicle —

Dread

Looking at the elements of the Gothic novel is like

asometimes
show up in Gothic tales: sere:

nd if it's not too over the top — use it

looking at the symptoms of a disease. The question
remains: What is the underlying phenomenon? All of
the elements described above were brought to bear for
one reason, all of the horror, madness, monstrosity,
death, disease, terror, evil and twisted sexuality of the
Gothic genre come together to evoke a sense of dread in
the reader.

What is dread? It is anticipation's nocturnal twin
Dread is the feeling you get when the worst thing that
could happen unfolds right in front of your eyes and
there's nota thing you can do about it. Its the sensation
you have when you wake up from a nightmare and try to
scream, but you can't make a sound. Dread isthe feeling
you get when your darkest expectations have come to
pass and things grow steadily wor

Dread is like fear but more organic; it is more drawn,

as an element of antici

already seen what's going to happen and all that's

left is for the horrible, bloody pieces to slip into place.
Which they will. Inescapably.

That's the sort of sensation that you, as
are trying to impart upon your players. It's a tall order.
The natural tendency in a social group is for someone to
want to joke around to break the tension, but the point
here is that you want that tension. In theory, your players
do, too. Otherwise, they'd be off playing something else.

So what establishes a mood of dread? Some writers
have suggested that nothing ismore horrible than to find
the unfamiliar when you expect the familiar,
that is the essence of dread. It may well be, but an
ongoing chronicle requires a constant stream of little
descriptions and events to fuel the mood you're creating.
Almost anything, properly described,
source of dread: an antagonist's yellowed teeth, thesickly

tion to it, as though

oryteller,

nd that

become a

pallor of a prostitute's face, the sheen of rain on the

STORTTELLNG


cobblestones of a deserted street. Don't waste too much,
effort on any one detail, or you risk overstating your
point, but do let e
weight to thenet effect you're going for: the evocation of
dread in your players.

Whenite
Storyteller must tread carefully. A certain vagueness, an
element of mystery, is crucial. As long as you hint and

ch carefully described detail add its

sto describing the source of dread, the

suggest and dance around the true horror, the players will
be sucked into the mood of dread, but the moment the
mystery is laid out for the players, the spell is broke

the story is likely to be anticlimactic for some time to

come.

Ac the beginning of the chronicle, the Storyteller
should allow both players' characters and Storyteller
characters to go about their business in whatever fashion
is natural for them. The sense of dread should start off as
a vague shadow falling over the characters, and as the
characters are pulled increasingly deeper into the events
of the chronicle, that shadow should grow both darker
and come more sharply into focus until, after several

ssions, it is the relentless sense of dread that holds
center stage.

The Storyteller needs to dole out the extremes of
dead frugally. Extremes of emotion can be maintained
only for so long, after which the players will become a
little jaded regardless ofthe excellence of ourstorytelling.
After your characters have been on the edge oftheir seats
for 30 minutes or so, let the mood relax a bit — let the
players reach a safe haven, ot let their antagonist with
draw inexplicably — before upping the stakes again and
plunging them more deeply into the dark events of your
chronicle. Let the mood build and relax, build and relax,

every subsequentpeak of dread should beallittle more
intense than the one that preceded it. If you do it right,
you should have players calling you the next day and
congratulating you on running a great game (or com-
ning that they weren't able to get to sleep afterward,
which is high praise in its own right)

Horror and awe evaporate with prolixity. In any
good monster movie, the director only teases the audi-
ence with hints of the monster (Alien is a good example
of this). He knows that giving too clear a shot of the
monster too early robs the viewer of anticipation, and
anticipation makes up the majority of dread. Likewise,
the Storyteller should give only vague hints of what the
players' characters are up against. The players should
have ample opportunity to let their imaginations run
wild, and when the time comes toreveal their characters'

smesis, it should still be worse than what they had
expected.

CHAPTER FIVE

A Word on Understatement

A Storyteller never wants to beshrill. Ever. It
has the effect of turning even legitimately creepy
events into melodrama

Even when you're describing the most hor
rible monstrosities, the vilest acts and the most
shockingevents,it'sin yourbestinteresttounder-
state everything. The trick isto let your players in
oon the fact that you're understating things, how
ever, and they'll follow. along and adjust the
sheillness knob in their own heads so that they
embellish and heighten everything yousay, giving
it more weight and effect, without you having to
endanger your eredibility as a Storyteller.

Understatement is one of the Gothic
Storyteller's mosepowerful tools. Thenote of true
terror is mosteffectively struck with eerie sugges-
tion, with nothing ever being stated directly. This
isn'tto say that you should be deadpan in yourrole
as Storyteller, only that less is more when you're
giving descriptions.

That doesn't necessarily mean that the corerie's foe
is physically monstrous. On the contrary, he could be
more beautiful than they had expected, but that beauty
could have garnered him a widespread cult of followers
who report back to their master. One of the players
themselves (or one of their alleged followers or allies)

could be one of his dupes.

One highly effective technique is toallow the sensa.
tions of normal physical repulsions to. reinforce
supernatural horrors. Certain physical sensations are
inherently disturbing — the sensation of being crawled
upon by insects, for example. If you can reinforce the
characters' experience of supernatural threats with those
preprogrammed revulsions, you will have taken the sen-
sation of dread to the next level for your players.

The art of Gothic storytelling lies in the evocation
offear (or one ofits many thrilling siblings including, but
not limited to, terror, paranoia, anxiety and dread).
Evoking mood is, at its simplest, a two-step process of
creation and seduction.

The first step involves mapping out the territories
you want toexplore in your chronicle. Asthe Storyteller,
you are the spider spinning a web of plots, characters,
connections and agendas. Determine the backstory and
its relevance to the basic plot. What happened in the
past that affects the players in the present? Any properly
Gothic si tion likely has its roots buried somewhere in
the distant past. From there, follow the plot threads u


through the present and possibly into the future based on
courses of action the characters might take. You are the
players' guide through the story; if you try to lead them
through it without being familiar with the various twists
and tums of your own plot, you'll be so busy wrestling
with basic plot mechanics that you'll be too distracted to
maintain the mood necessary to transport your players
into that other world.

There are pitfalls torunninga game of Gothic horror
and keeping the sense of dread at a maximum. The
greatest of hese potential Storyteller traps is melodram:
If you overstate things in an attempt to intensify the
mood, you can easily slip out of tense and powerful
storytelling into cheesy theatrics. One slip into melo-

least temporarily. At the very least, you're likely to lose
a great deal of the mood you've worked to create, and
you'll have to start building the sense of dread all over

The Gothic sense of dread must be cultivated slowly,

nurtured carefully if it is to be brought to fruition. Dread
will not be rushed. If you're hoping to get your players
into the proper mood within the first 15 minutes of
gaming, you're probably going too fast. If you've jumped
from emotional neutral to high horror in the space of 15
minutes, you've probably left your players several stages
back, and what appears thoroughly dread-inducing to
you (because you've been planning it for hours or days or
weeks) will, in all likelihood, strike your players as
overblown and silly. This is where empathy enters the
picture. As Storyteller, you are responsible for building
the mood, and if, for whatever reason, that isn't happen-
ing, you need to discern where your players are in the
processand change tactics o that they're following right,
along with you.

The second step in evoking a mood requires you to
lure your players into those daunting lands you just
mapped out. Hint by hint, mystery by mystery, entice
them deeper into the labyrinth. Help your playersstay in
character; seduce them bit by bit into shedding the
quotidian identities in favor of their troupe personae.

Thecreation of mood istheall-importantelementof
storytelling because, by session's end, the criterion of
success is not the careful construction of plot, but the
creation of a given sensation. Discerning players don't
judge a story on the Storyteller's intent or on the me-
chanics of his plot, but by the intensity of the mood he
creates. After you've created the setting, the characters
and the plot, after the chronicle has been played, your
players are the final judges. If, at the end of the session,
they enjoyed your storytelling and the frisson of fear you
allowed them to feel, all is well. If they did not enjoy your


storytelling, itis pointless to tell them why they ought to
have done so.

Paranoia

A more 20th century
do wonders for a chronicle's mood quotient. The Victo-
rian world was the setting for any number of secret
societies, from Freemasons to the Enlightened Society of
the Weeping Moon to various hellfire clubs. In such an
environment, it can be hard to say who is playing on
whose side. Ideally, at least one player will have some
interest in playing a member (or past member) of one of
these groups, and while that connection will give the
group some insight into the organization, it will also

ersion of dread, paranoia can

make that player a little more suspicious to his fellows.

Diceless Storytelling

At root, roleplaying games are like the games of
make believe we played as kids. Most of us get burnt out
on cops and robbers after the third time we shoot our

adversary and hear the dreaded reply, "Did no
missed!" Roleplaying games work around this little prob-
lem by using some objective method for determining the
outcome of conflicts, dice being the most common.

While dice are a relatively quick way to determine
outcomes, they still can become unwieldy, especially
during long stretches of combat. Worse, rolling dice can
easily ruin an intense moment of storytelling by causing
a player (or the Storyteller) to switch from drama mode
to system mode, thereby breaking the spell that the
troupe had been working together —fora length of time
that could be minutes or months —to build. Few gaming
experiences are as anticlimactic as building an intense
atmosphere or mood only to have it shattered by the
phrase "Can you hand me the dice

The k
players and the Storyteller trust each other not to do
something unfair, the more the dice can be leftalone and
the more free players and Storyteller are to immerse

issue involved here is trust. The more the

themselves in the unfolding interactive saga.

Victorian Age: Vampire, because ofits emphasison,
mood, works better as dice rolling decreases. Nothing
ruinsa carefully crafted sense of dread quite like calculat-
ing dice pools and throwing little clattering polyhedrons
across the table.

All of these alternatives to the usual dice system
have one thing in common: They're intended to make
the storytelling experience more complete, with the
outcome being that the game is more intense and,
therefore, more enjoyable for all involved. If our troupe
tries some of these techniques and the results aren't more
fun, you can always go back to gaming as usual.

CHAPTER FIVE

A word of caution: If one (or more) of your players
isarules lawyer who quotes Vampire: The Masquerade
and its many supplements chapter, page and paragraph,
switching to adice-light or dice-free approach to gaming
could prove to be a more difficult (but all the more
worthwhile) endeavor. Those folks tend to cling to
structure with an almost fanatical zeal, and while they're
the ones who will ral against the following systems the
loudest, more often than not they're also the ones who
will benefit the most from a game based on drama and
roleplaying instead of numbers, charts and dice

ight

There are a number of techniques for determining
outcomes that make relatively litle use of dice. Of these,
simple comparison of dice poolsis the simplest. The
premise of this approach is that he who has the larger
appropriate dice pool wins. To incorporate an element of
chance into this (every Goliath has his David, after all,
and every daring protagonist needs some hope of over
coming more powerful adversaries), th

Storyteller rolls

asingle 10-sided die from which he determines whether
fare has gone as the dice pools would suggest or she has

waxed perverse. The Storyteller has full authority in
setting the chance numberand might adjust the number
according to any number of extraneous circumstances
(light conditions, the player's attitude or a character's
sheer determination) that can be brought into play
depending on the needs of the story.

Example: The noble Charles Exeter is fighting the cruel
and powerful Duke Vallach. Charles has a Dexterity + Brawl
pool of five, while the Duke has a pool of nine. Taking all
salient circumstances into account, the Storyteller determines
that, under mostcircumstances, Charles would prevail against
the odds only ifthe Storyteller were to roll a nine or a ten.
However, the Duke isa truly wicked monster, and since the
sun has but recently set, he's ata slight disadvantage, so the
Storyteller judges that Charles will prevail on voll of eight
nine or ten. While they're not the greatest odds, they give
Charles a 50 percent greater likelihood of winning than if he
hhad waited until laver in the evening to make his bold move
against the old fiend.

This method can be used on a punch-by-punch
approach, or it can be used to determine the outcome of
the entire battle, and the Storyteller's narration can fill
in the blanks between the beginning of the conflict and
its outcome.

Dice-Free

If you have a good bond with your players, you can
also try playing a purely narrative game. This is just like
those old games of cops and robbers, except the Story-
teller has complete control over outcomes. Most

chronicles edge in this direction over time, but it's a big


deal to dispense with dice entirely. While the completely,
diceless approach makes for the most smoothly flowing
games, the players have to trust the Storyteller implic-
itly. Not only do they need to trust her to be im
but they have to trust that she knows their characters'
abilities well enough she can accurately gageachar
relative chances of success in any given conflict.
While it's the most complete immersion in thestory,
completely dice-free Storytelling has drawbacks of its
own. Storytellers frequently hesitate to take extreme
action (killing a character, for example) without having
dice to back them up for
without
Storyteller to get too predictable.
The solution to the first problem is for the Story-
teller to give the players ample warnings from the start
ters may die. Following that, characters who
ing in over their heads should be given at least
one chance to make bole tosafety;ifthey don't take the
out when it's given to them, the outcome of the battle
falls on their heads
Predictability should neverbecomea problem. Ifthe
players notice that the Storyteller is doing something in
a predictable fashion, they simply need to mention it to
the Storyteller, who can take steps to keep the chronicle
fresh,

That Which Is not 6poken of in Proper
Society

As taboo as sex and its polymorphous perverse vari-
ants were in the Victorian era, its more lurid aspects were
mainstays of the Gothic novel, and therefore, it poten-
tially has a place in your Victorian Age: Vampire
chronicle, if you (and your players) approach the subject
with the requisite maturity.

It is an understatement to say that the Victorians
were prudish. Sex didn't just offend them, it horrified
them. The primal, earthy drive to couple was more than
just an affront to the civil, sterile, polite world that the
Victorians were trying to create, it was perceived
insidious threat to the moral order. If morality we
policed, the Victorians seem to ced, then
nothing less than civilization itself was in peril

Intercourse was viewed as little more thana woman's

cd, the price paid for creat-
rorians of both sexes did
everything they could to avoid enjoying the exper
Even masturbation
"elf-pollution" that, if practiced with any frequency,
would lead to the degeneration and ultimate ruination of
a person's character.


166

Unsurprisingly then, homosexuality was beyond the
pale for most Victorians to even think about, despite the
booming trade done by male brothels called "molly
houses." The 1895 trial of Oscar Wilde had a profound
and chilling effect on the novels and plays seen by
Victorians. Wilde had long been one of England's most
popular and beloved writers, but after he was convicted
ofcomu cy" witha numberof
young men, he was sentenced to two years of hard labor

ctingacts of "gross indec

in Reading Gaol. The experience wasso devastating that
it effectively destroyed him; bank
tation destroyed and hishealth shattered, Wilde died not
Jong after completing his sentence, at the age of 46.
Various writers of the time, including Wilde, had
included subtly homoerotic elements in their writing,
but after his conviction, even subtle references to "the

and with his repu-

love that dare not speak its name" were henceforth
considered utterly out of bounds. Ifthe foremost man of
letters of hisday couldn't get away with such things, then,
no one else cared to try

While a Viennese physician named Sigmund Freud
would soon be effecting a sea change in how Victorians
both perceived and portrayed sexuality, the period in
which Vietorian Age: Vampire is set has yet to see
Freud's profound influen

Derverts

On the surface, the Victorians were one of the most
sex-panicked societies the world has ever seen. Given
that outlook, it's peculiar then (if wholly unsurprising),
that prostitution and pornography were so ubiquitous
and lucrative throughout the Victorian era

In actuality — and despite public appearances
Victorians were no less sexual than modern Americans.
On the contrary, they were probably moreso; they simply
did a better job of keeping ita dirty litle secret. But the
secret was still a poorly hidden one, particularly by
Victorian gentlemen who spent enough on prostitutes of
both sexes to bankroll an entire social stratum (albeit a
base one).

TheGothicnovel notonly contained copioushetero-
and homosexuality (or the suggestion thereof), it fea-
tured sexuality's more lurid variants, the most common
being incest, though bondage, sadomasochismand necro-
philia are also touched upon in various tales and novels

The portrayals of these subjects ranged from

ion to thinly disguised pornography —and

the Victoriansate them up. Sexuality, particularly fringe
sexuality, was one means of making contact with the
z of gaining spiritual transcendence

through extreme feeling.

CHLAPTER FIVE.

‘What the Gothic genre did not contain were por-
ality. Readers of Gothic
works didn't want simple vanilla, they wanted stranger
flavors: bitter chocolate, exotic fruit and licorice twist.
Sex in the Gothic novel was always an appetite, an

trayals of pure or healthy sex

addiction, a crime,a perversion ora means of controlling

or debasing another, and given the nature of vampires,

that's the role it's likely to play in your chronicle as well
Since this isa game about vampires, it should be stressed
that lust is a type of hunger, and hunger, especially
ravenous, immortal hunger, can make individuals do.

questionable things.

Disclaimer

This section doesnotadvocate the running of
deviant, perverse and bizarre sexually charged
vampire chronicles, itsimply tells you the role the
Gothic novel played in the Victorian era and how
to properly introduce such content into your own
chroniele if you're so inclined. If mom, the wife or
some other squeamish type happens to lurk by the
kitchen door or creep into the basement while
you're telling astory and hears you desetibing the
vile way that that Vorlasch the creepy Nosferatu
feeds from the femoral arteries of litele orphan
girls, don't blame us.

Besides, if you're that lax about security, it's
your own damned fault

If you choose to use them, disturbing erotic under:
tones, like most of the bizarre elements in a Gothic
chronicle, should start out so subtle that they are easily
ance, a too-friendly handshake or a
ague sensation of being followed. As the chronicle
progresses, the pursuer may become
even aggressive, and somewhere deep in the heart of the
pursued, a tiny bud of terror should begin to bloom. The
full intensity of the pursuer's hunger should slowly come
into play, and the characters can then determine how to
proceed. This formula can be disturbing enough if the
pursuer is a stranger and the pursued is a member of the

missed: a hungry

coterie, but things become creepier still if it isa coterie
ith whom she is obsessed
(necessitating an intervention by her associates) or ifthe
purs

member stalking some victim

and pursued are both members of the same
coterie (a situation that has to be handled carefully by
players and Storyteller alike, but which can yield some
amazing roleplaying). While its not exactly Gothic, the

film 9 1/2V

intensifying sexual connection that gc

zeks shows one way of dealing with a slowly
disturbingly


Old-fashioned stalking and sexual deviance on their
‘own can be disturbing enough, but in a genre that
highlights the lurid, even those things canbe intensified.
Add to that the mundane techniques of blackmail or
extortion and your story takes a darker twist yet. But
when the supernatural comes into play, it grows even
darker still. A blood bond or Pres
blur the line between consensual sex and rape to disturb-
ing effect. The "victim" may not even be aware that he
isbeing victimized, normay he want the victimization to
stop. In fact, a properly subjugated thrall will fight to the
death for the privilege of being victimized in whatever
vile, painful, debased way to which his domitor has
conditioned him... and therein lie the seeds of horror.

Deviant sexuality can ad isceral feel
toa Gothie chronicle that would be hard to get other-
wise. That said, there's an effective way to include the
element in your and many, many wrong

nce Disciplines can

intimate,

Followingare some thingsto take into consideration
if your game has a pronounced sexual bent.

It's not for everyone — The first requisite element
for a game featuring pronounced eroticism is mature
players. Choose players who can deal intelligently and
maturely with the scenarios you present to them. The
time and effort you put into creating a setting and
cultivating mood of growing dread will be for naught if,
atakey, sexually charged dramatic moment, your players
start snickering like 14-year-olds telling fart jokes.

ive the material its due — Likewise, it's your job
as Storyteller to present the material in a way that
doesn't make light of the subject matter and invite snick-
ersfrom players. If you're going for laughs, you're probably
playing the wrong game. One obvious guideline: Don't
fall prey to stereotyped portrayals. You want to portray
characters, not caricatures. Using a buxom German
sadist named Ilsa or making your gay character a fey,
lisping, efeminatestereotypedetractsfrom your chronicle
and undermines the mood you're trying to generate. If
the sexually unhinged characte
indistinguishable from any other character — initially,
at least — then so much the better. Obvious freaks of
nature certainly make effective and frightening antago-
nists, but it's far more disturbing when the monsters look
just like everybody else.

in your chronicle are

Don't pander — Don't incorporate lurid sexuality
into your story just for the sheer titillation of it. If
weaving a thread of dangerous sexuality into your
chronicle reinforces the sense of looming dread and
strengthens the game, that's excellent, and you should
continue to do so. On the other hand, if it doesn't add
significantly to the game, you may want to think about

leaving it out altogether, especially if it's distracting you
or the players from the story's more important dramatic
characters or events.

Be sensitive to your players —It should go without
saying that you will want to be extraordinarily aware of
what's going on with yourplayers ifyouchoose to include
overt sexuality in your game. Empathy for your players is
crucial if you're dealing with highly charged and poten-
tially disturbing subject matter. Most experienced players
of White Wolf games are either mature or jaded enough
that they're not likely to be offended easily, but remem
ber to take your players' s arall
times. A new, young or more sensitive player might not

bilities into account

be ready to deal with roleplaying a darkly erotic scenario
(like the one in the prelude fiction, for example). fthat
means tempering your material to suit your players (or
picking players mature enough to deal with your mate-
rial), so be it. It is the Storyteller's place to entertain, to
enthrall, to transport his players to a pla
their own lives and — possibly — to push the envelope
of his players' comfort zone just a bit. It is not the
Storyteller's place to offend or seriously freak out his
players. The point of storytelling games is to entertain
the players, not to traumatize them.

If you handle the elements carefully, you can give
your players the same disturbingly intimate deviant
thrills provided to the Victorian readers of Gothic fic
tion, and your legend as a Storyteller will grow. Handle
the subject matter poorly, however, and your players will
rebel, and you'll be stuck with a scarlet letter P for
Pervert

e outside of

Avoiding the Super

Elements of the supe
novel as a kind of h

atural Trap
sd in the Gothic
connection to more
-s that the Enlightenment,
with its unrelenting emphasis on rationality, had all but,
purged from both religion and daily life. Not only had the
Enlightenment explained away the old superstitions, it
had explained away God and spirituality right along with
them, and the human mind is bored by a world lacking
mystery. As portrayed in the Gothic nov
natural was a connection to the sublime, that extreme
state of sensation that exists entirely beyond the bounds,
of daly life. Assuch, the supernatural was asacred, heady
and, aboveall, are phenomenon in most Gothic writing.
Like gilt on a painting, the supernatural was a precious
pigment frugally applied.

Ideally, the same ought to be the case in your
Victorian Vampire chronicle. Even though the charac-
ters, as vampires, are themselves supernatural, the Gothic
mood is heightened most by recognizing that fact and

|, the super-

STORYTELLING


190

making spa
supernatural elements.

nd strategic use of other, more blatantly

While Victorian Age: Vampire mimics the Gothic
genre, the translation of Vampire into the Gothic idiom
is imperfect inasmuch as the Gothie hero or (more
commonly) heroine was quite human and, consequently,
prone to the thousand natural frailties and shocks that
flesh isheirto. In Victorian Age: Vampire, the protago-
nists are powerful, if tormented, creatures of the night.
To capture the sense of dread of the Gothic novel, it's
necessary to downplay somewhat the characters' su

natural nature and abilities in order to put them not in
the role of supernaturally powerful creatures of night-
mares, but in the role of tragic, flawed and — very
possibly — doomed protagonists. If their supernatural
abilities make them more than mortal, the Beast makes,
somehow, you will need to
‘le balance between

them much less. Somewhe:
help the players strike a comfort
those poles.

A similar balance needs to be struck by the Story-
teller. Of course, the Storyteller should acknowledge
thar the characters are vampires, giving due to all that
entails — i's one of the cornerstones of the game, after
all — but don't dwell unduly on it or let them become
inured to the supernatural by using it to explain away
every mysterious occurrence. A manifestation of the
supernatural should be eerie, mysterious and unfathom-
able, and it should leave the characters changed in some
way. Iftheireyebrowsdon't goup abit, ifyoudon'edetect
Vow!" in their faces, you may be doing
something wrong.

a hint of "

Admittedly, this is a high wire act for Storytellers.
Much of the
characters are monsters and, therefor

es from the fact that the
tures themselves. Buroveruse of thesupernaturalelements,
of the World of Darkness will cause your players to grow
jaded. There can be no sense of dark wonder if every
other foe your characters face calls on weird supernatural
abilities. Not every threat will be a brilliant and
devastatingly powerful mage, a 5th-generation past mas-
ter of Necromancy or a similar grand threat. Such
chronicles easily fall prey to the Monster of the Week
syndrome that plagues too many Vampire games already.
Threats of that caliber should provide the characters'
primary foil, the one they face at the chronicle's climax
— but for most of the story, he'll likely be operating
behind the scenes through mortal agencies or, possibly,
through ghouls. Only eventually, when such measures

become obviously necessary, will he work through other

vampires or similar monsters. It is in the best interest of
your chronicle toavoid escalating power levels unneces-
sarily. Some stories, like some Gothic novels (such as

CHAPTER AVE

Charles Palliser's The Unburied), only contain the ap-
pearance of supernatural events, and everything is neatly
explained by the end. Then again, depending on what
you want from your game, supernatural forces may be
behind every mysterious turn of events, but unless they're
really foolish supernatural forces, you can bet they won't
be doing their own dirty work. If your chronicle calls for
ahaven tobe torched, a greedy thug-for-hire or an easily
duped chronic arsonist with a hait-trigger firebug de-
rangement mal

enemies than Frater Conflirago bani House Flambeau or

far more practical and less traceable
Severus Strick, the wayward Tremere elder. If you start
at the top, you'll have nowhere else to go, and your
chronicle will be short-lived

That said, toward the end of the game, preferably at
the climax, when the characters' primary supernatural
an appearance, play it for all its worth.
what they

foe does mi
Tell the player

sensory descriptions to pull ther

nminute detail, give vivid
into the scene, and let
your well-chosen words convey the majesty, the horror,
the raw power of the supernatural forces that their enemy
has unleashed upon them. Speak slowly and clearly
allowing every word that
impact. Every cheap manifestation of the supernatural
that you've withheld from your players throughout the

course of the chronicle should be paid to them with

alls from your lips to have

generous interest at that point. It's the payoff, the money

shot, the grand finale. As a general rule, you're allowed

‘one, maybe one-and-a-half scenes like this in any given
e, so make it count.

If you've been careful throughout your chronicle to
dole out the supernatural events frugally, your players
appreciation of such things will not have been dulled,
and the full-scale barrage of the climactic scene will blow
them away
wrapped up, you'll still have players talking about the
dramatic final scene and, better yet, asking when you

‘A week or nwo after the chronicle has

plan to run another chronicle.

Pacing

Although it's been mentioned elsewhere in this
chapter, it bears repeating: The gothic mood of dread has
to be built unnerving detail by unnerving detail. Quick,
simple, linear plots are somewhat unsatisfying in this
kind of chronicle. The Gothic chronicle should be rich.
and complex, and complexity takes time. That said, the
Storyteller needs to determine the pace according to
what is taking place in the story. While the chronicle as
a whole may (and should) unfold at an unhurried pace,
certain scenes need to occur at a faster, perhaps even
torrid, rate. The Storyteller who tells his or her tale at

one speed will, in time, lull even the most enthusiastic


ONTTTALIWOLS

auawidojaaap z912eIe49 UO
sno} pue yup on Burypoutos 198 ‘xejas ue staked uy
Jin] 8 aq ym asoyp ‘srazuMooua sofeU ay sOAye Asn ‘asin
ar 20e]d Bupyea saeyp Suryparaaa 4a,u0s o1 ysnous
asep ye Ajaseg UeD sayjaUdsorg ayp IWeYP se} os 9q 01
4j>y}] st Bused ayp "one UossUOD k Jo ead axp ry IO}d
Buypjoyun ayp ur tuaqa auesyrusts yoea yovoudde siosejd
aup se Bursed aqp sowesa|aoo8 Jo]foauoag xp ‘Ajsno1sq,
sa}jauiorg pur siaejd usasiaq Uoya aaneradood & $1
‘Surdejdojosjo ured soypio Asaaa ayy BuIseg ra]]r6101g 4p
01 sje) Sunsozut awed ayp Burdeoy 20) Aayjqisuodsar
ayp ‘Sudejdajor pur uonsesowut ayp jo ued v se Suryp
uno s1atp op 01 Ajay] aze suodeyd ayp apy Ay "s9]]1AI01g
ayp Aq payeso ppom yous ayp axojdxa Aqyry azow or
pu sjrexap 3urqimisip ‘]jeurs azedusoo pue jo ou aye 02
‘zaupo y>ea ypu adeIAIUT o2 ‘dnosBay oy aw sHAIDEIeYyD
sp pue Apyoinb a10w pjopun o2 pudr
{yorym) tuaudoppaap20jd zofeuaxp usamag "aBerueape
sty 01 Sursed poses sasn s9]Ja.Atoig pos y "srased
2p 01 mos J9Af J9A9 PINoYs Uorss—s HNN 10 9U09s
ajBurs ou ‘4}ao}s pjoyun pynoys appruoryp arp apy ay

P autos Ut paquosep aq pnoys
1ojd Suypjoyun axp 01 493 st rey UORde apy "(Pah
ouun SpomsseyS ayp o1 Bo Suypor axp ysnomp Am
ano a4eUt NO X,) 49A0 passopB ag te> (a|durexa 10} ‘SUDA.
-ey jeurxord om uaeauag Joven) uoNre pareadar-yo
40 Jeorueypout ‘snorpar ‘astasayt7] "Humes 40 pow ayp
soueyua Ajdunts 2eyp sjrerap 4940 poziseyduta aq Pinoys
sqrexap asotp pue ojd s.aj>1uoryp ay UE UoRIoUNy rer
avy (ako saauens & Ur UN pera} aup ‘apises
yp punoze 86} YOK ay YBnonp s9>4}s AqPeUOIse>90
wip Bui stuoBeEIUE
2p Uo uisap snouno axp) sjrerap awiog "sau yenuanb,

yp aar8 «(year

tod
eM snoHaISKt ayp ‘pres BuypeD

-asuoout ueyp saBuo] s[HeIep aeLOdw Uo J9BuUH] Nos
wip 3s983ns ose Surded poos jo sjerusuepuny ay

-apyyuo> asorvax8 su Jo tuawow

91 sseau 9j21u0MY> atp se Apypinb axow aBUEYD or UHBIDg,

[1m seappswayp souads axp ‘ay aup Te PUY "AyUaA

no a1q ¥ AAU o9 BUIOB Ajqeqosd st as1]n900

poiou © yp AUOd v aya ‘BuIsed orvooeas

avy 02 sayy st JozuMy-yous yew v ype Busou

v fasuud v mosypsoao o1 Bupyaas sypreue Jo Sudypes

yp aged ULAR v sey UafoU Jo BuLD

spre y ‘Surded quazaypp azinbas su9A9 91941] ‘P2304

039g] 01 eas 1a s194e]d anos "9]qe2>xpaud 9w0D9q NOK

uawour axp asned9q jm Se SuONHEA NOK {BA 09 91Ns

yp ae xeWHT]D

pur Aymoy
uones:

yeHIs vu

aq pur ‘suo aureziq Yarn saouauns20 auepunw ‘sau

aneioqijap "29inb wim sousss anauay axeuIDr]y "900d

161

quarayip v ae poaooad pjnoys uses aUa:ayIp ye Puy
em auaiayip ApYBss UF Ino Aejd oy aWAYp INOK Mo]]E
‘quaos 1uazayrp yoeo Ur pur ‘a]>1UosY> ayp Inoysnomp
sung awyp peas Buryiun e ‘owoyp v asooyp ‘ured nos
ano Sumoyd ay,no4 uay Ay "Ue Jo waquieay sup aze 9WD
aetp Uo suoneHes pur auiotp rep purus Ut seag ‘sIuAWa|>
soup PaUIWUIDIIP PAY NO 99UQ "YO Os puE SIUDAD
{oy jo Sunum aanejar ayp ‘somteuosied sistuoBeiue
ayp ‘aamonns 101d 21seq ay — a]>!UOIYD aX UBsOp
pinoys nos ,‘Suruuns anoqe Surjunp ud9q 24,] 9]>!UOIYD
Sip, inoge siasejd snoX 02 >]e2 UaAD NOK a10Jg,
suniiog sey Avjd 920
Jo1NpUoD pu JO19eNUOD PU a]>!UCIYD v Jo SuMO}d
yp Ur sasodwo> pue yoMNp>Ie Y2Oq s} ‘astAUAyPO 10
>ikpog 2]2!uoIY> RAP2Mod eBuNvaD s9]]aAI0Ig at pUE
‘aampartypue aq p]nom 21 ‘d1snu 29a) p]no> NOA J]
uonene, pue sw9y],
ures Bu}20g & UeaU 2,us90P
Azois Suypjoyun Ayojs v aeyp ‘saAsmoy ‘]eIonU> S13] AsoAs
ay jo quaas Suigimsip pue xadwoo aya ow Aydoap
‘40 payjnd aq o1 simioereyp ayp 40} pue s9]JUA10Ig ay
Aq uaaow jjads ayp o1u sadaap Ayuysearout dys on aw
siaded ayp soni dn-pping mos ay, Bursed powinyun
‘eorpoxpiawu si} wou "ized uy ‘sou109 19:04 sy "SOUDDS nD
aupe-ypinb jo a8e1uoW I0U pur apts y2o4 eI0U ‘asey>19
9uv390-YsIY E20U St aIUDB TPN axp 2]OyN ay UO,
ompog Ayjeatsse> s1 ‘je zaye ‘souDpeAIquTy "uoned
Burpoqaioy snoaueyjnunts o asuas e ut Bunjnsas
stuaaa fenuanbasuoout {jSurwaas ing ppo pues|rerap jnyzeay
qqews tain siagejd asvan or urea] 02 sey sag ay,
-ajqesofua oss aure8 axp asnes9q 1980] 9]1] easnf yoandaq,
114821 Sundoy ayry — Avors axp jo xeunp ayp (203 aBuny
ang) Jo [RHeAy sIaKyjd ayp aavy Pinoys a]>1UAIYD panojd
Ajqnyaze> pur Suoj v yo ano ayp ut siarunosUa snouE A
-Ajmoys oq vor siaky|d soy Bunag o2>]qQva9q aSNULIA]|UAIOg
SUL "peas Surysrqeaso Ut qusUID]> day up st ULL,

-pnue pu

soypoes apna v ‘sdey

aad ‘puy "Buyjardzoig jryypys ‘Apuenodust asour ‘pue

sradyjd ap tain Aypedura ‘oun saumnbas peasp Surjoaa

‘éaenu09 axp UC "11 2YOAUN ION TILA IsapTUEUI O12

pu aureu sa Suyyje> Ajdung -paysns aq 20u ya 9

Jaistus 9] "pos pauowmwins Ayisea ue I0U St Pe;

praiq jo uonesoag onstenany ay,

‘aoids sppe Arauaea ‘ayy uy se Suywres ur eYp 199

-9UIa4 02 []9% OP |]LM.aT]AIOIg Yy "aded ayp BULA Jo.

sem pue aferueape ano4 01 214200 axp Jo 99ed wo]s ay

utsn jo s6eas tog siso88ns unas BuLMo]]o} ay, 94e]d



[Xe - oagle Sir
y ~~ Antagonists

4) 4 fame sof polar ap boul »
BAN bye pale
Px i eh pe

E* SR
ove tah oes Yr

Z es tea oad a
x fe, ELD Ngaio
Ve "x ot pe 5 ae

asenls a nunder. h 2 J
ape: speedy tart charactors t) WE
ne mh otha Ci
ee
sy eg Zorasent archetypes only: oe ~
go

OND

A

Ba. rh 50 in i: canbe iar

ap ron hp LT Pi
Core do6 Bu on

&
y sete

ZY) any. antagonists at
Py es. ae pee iy se Wy Sify, - a
BC Fes o) aro


Witch-Hunters

In these nights of Her Majesty's reign, the kine are relatively frequent
foes of the Kindred. As science clashes with the occult on the battlefield of
public opinion, many people still choose to believe in creatures beyond
scientific understanding. The Masquerade, though vital to the survival of
the Kindred, is less all-encompassing than it will one night become. Mortals
learn of the vampires at times, no matter Kindred desires to the contrary, and
many of them set forth to rid their world of these Godforsaken creatures.
Some rare witch-hunters possess, in addition to those abilities pre

sented in the following templates, a True Faith score; most such hunters
have a Humanity score of 9 or 10.

The Doctor/Scientist

‘A man of education and learning, erudite and meticulous, the doctor
hardly fits anyone's image of a dangerous hunter of monsters. The doctor is
far more effective than he appears, however, for this is a man of great
knowledge, knowledge he devotes to the destruction of the supernatural
The doctorisaman of science, butitisascience about which he is passionate
in the extreme. Some hunters of this sort are drawn into the world of the
Kindred through an attack on themselves or their loved ones; others
discover the existence of the vampires and seek their deaths for moral and
philosophical reasons. Common to both types, however, is the simple,
unshakable knowledge that thisis a world of science and of physical laws
and that the Kindred have no place within it.

The Doctor/Scientist
Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 3, Manipulation

ice 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Academics 3, Empathy 2, Enigmas 2, Etiquette 1, Expression 1,
Firearms 1, Investigation 1, Leadership 2, Linguistics (Latin) 1, Medicine 3
Melee 1, Occult 2, Ride 1, Science 2, Subterfuge 1

sliver-headed walking stick, doctor's bag (with
stakes, silver bullets and holy wafers along with standard tools), small pistol

The Driest

If one obvious foil for the Kindred walks among the ranks of the kine,
it would have to be the priest. As a community leader, it falls within his
responsibilities to protect his flock from , both physical and spiritual
Asa religious figure, he must, by his very nature, stand against the forces of
Satan and the supernatural. Priests who learn of the vampires in their midst
frequently try todestroy them, though the rare man of God seeks only tosave
the souls of these poor damned c ures. Regardless of their chosen course,
however, no true man of God can stand by and do nothing once he's learned
of the horrors that lurk in the night.

The Prie:
Attribut


, CG

Abilities: Academics (Theology) 4, Alertness 1, Dodge
1, Empathy 2, Enig
Leadership 2, Linguistics (Latin) 1, Melee 1, Occult 2,

as 2, Etiquette 1, Investigation 1,

Performance 1, Politics 1
Humanity: 7 to 10, Willpower: 7
Equipme:
attire), crucifix or other holy symbol (hiding a silver

lerical vestments (or comparable religious

blade), Bible or other holy book, stake, holy water
Note: The priest is slightly more likely than other

witch-hunters to possess a True Faith score, although

this is still extraordinarily rare. Such individuals usually

have a Humanity score of 9 or higher.

The Tea-Darlor Mystic

Not everyone drawn into the world of the occult —
et. Not all
n what they
thought they wanted. Particularly in London's West
End, but toa lesse

and the Kindred — poses an obvious dan
them are even prepared when they atta
extent all across Europe and America,

men and women with nothing be do gather with

friends around tea leaves and Ouija boards and attempt

tosummon up spirits and learn mystic secrets. When one
of these dabblers finds herself exposed to Kindred soci
ety, she most likely ends up as someone's tea-time snack

but on occasion, such people survive their ignorance

and begin to learn what's really out there. While
individuals are rarely formidable in their own,

of them are drawn from the ranks of society's well-to-
—and any vampire who doesn't see the power inherent
in high society has clearly not been payin
Rememb

fascinated by the supernatural, and some of them are far

tention,

as well that these people know others equally

more dangerous.

The Tea-Darlor Mystic
Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha:
risma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3
-ademies 3, Alertness 1, Crafts 1, Empathy
nas 3, Etiquette
Firearms 1, Occult 1, Performa

Humanit

pression 2, Finance 2,

Equipment


The Vengeful Relative
Even the Kindred can make mistakes
those mistakes come back to haunt them —

and some
pethaps even toslay them. Maybe, the vengeful relative
has a family member or a loved one slaughtered by a
vampire, or pethaps, she seeks revenge for a loved one
who was Embraced. Whatever the case, thishunterisnot
about to let go her vendetta, and what she lacks in
knowledge of her chosen prey, she more than makes up
forin bloody-minded determination. She has no interest
instudyin
wants to kill and kill again, until she has finally poured
out the last of her hatred, her grief, her boundless rage.
She has not been doing this long enough to know that

the Kindred, no interestin savingsou

such single-mindedness will be the end of her, but
pethaps that's all right because there are always more
Kindred.

‘The Vengeful Relative

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha:
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearanc
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 1, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Firearms 2, Investigation 2, Law 1, Melee 1, Ride 1,
Security 2, Stealth 2, Streets
Humanity: 5 to 8 (de
committed in her quest for revenge), Willpower: 8

Perception 2,

e 1, Subterfuge 3
ending on what horrors she has

Equipment: Pistol, large knife, crucifix, notebook and
pencil, locket with photograph of lost loved one

The Inquisition

Notevery witch-hunter standsalone. The Society of
Leopold, the "proper" name of the Inquisition, is an
organization zealously devoted to the extermination of
the Kindred (and other supernatural creatures as well).
No longer officially affiliated with the Catholic Church
(even the Pope remains ignorant of its continued exist-
ence), the Inquisition still fights the forces of evil in the
name of God. Some Inquisitors abuse their positions,
seeing in the Kindred not a Hell-spawned foe of all
mankind, but an opportunity to be exploited for their
ambitions. Most Inquisitors, however, see their violence
asa necessary evil; they
the depredations of the Children of

protect all men and women from.

aine. These In-
quisitors shed tears over the loss of life, they pray for
forgiveness for the stainson their souls, yet, they venture
forth the next night to do it again because it must be
done.

Although a movement is currently underway to
consolidate the organization into larger groups, the
Inquisition's current incarnation takes the form of nu
merous small cells hidden throughout Europe and the
United State:

organization —

Each masquerades as some sort of social
a gentlemen's club, a neighborhood
hellfire club" de
signed to attract those with an interest in the occult (no
sense in hunting when one can invite the prey in for tea).

beautification committee, even a

Through contacts in all levels of society, from chimney
sweeps to wealthy matrons to members of Parliament,
these cells seek out Kindred activity in their assigned
mp it out immediately, while
to watch in hopes of netting even bigger
fish; all are exceedingly dangerous. They are "merely"
mortal, but they are resourceful, and the educated vam.

regions. Some seek to st
others pref

pire will remember that Inquisitors rarely operate
for those who forget rarely have the opportunity to l
from their mistakes.

Inquisitor

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Chi
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,

Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Abilities: Academics (Theology) 2, Alertness 2, Brawl

2, Dodge 2, Expression 2, Leadership 3, Melee 3, Occult
3, Ride 2, Stealth 2

Humanity: 5 to 10, Willpower: 9

Equipment: Sword cane, rosary, crucifix,
box of matches

cakes, Bible,


Note: The Inquisitor is slightly more likely than
other witch-huntersto possess True Faith score, though
this is still extraordinarily rare.

The Arcanum

tions hunt the Kindred for purposes
other than destruction. The Arcanum is a relatively
ation, founded only within the past decade
for the purpose of studying the Kindred (and itis only its

young org

specific focus on the Kindred and other creatures of the
supernatural
est, that qu
rather than a

opposed to a more general occult inter-
cch-hunter" or}
as defined below). The

Arcanum seeks to understand; only then, when that

es it as ation

ecret socien

nigh-unattainable goal is finally reached, will it decide
whether it has any part in battling these creatures. As
such, agents of the Arcanum rarely serve as direct an-
tagonists to the Kindred; rather, they are a nuisanc
a hindrance, often appea
ther, theyare comp many ofthe same
fragments of lost lore that the Kindred themselves strive
to locate. Their information is, to date, only partially

and
ng at unwelcome times. Fur-
tors, for they

accurate, though they learn more with every night that
passes, and the night may come when the Arcanum
knows more about the Kindred than the Kindred them-

selves.

197
Rather than forming their own associations, the
Arcanum often places agents in the upper echelons of

existing organi:
cerning board of a university, for instance, or the curators

‘ions. Several members of the gov

ofamuseum might, in fact, constitute ahidden Arcanum
cell. Access to a library or some other rep
knowled;

sitory of
is the only prerequisite; thus, nearly any
1 or cultural establishment could well hide

these watchers within its ranks.

educatior


anum Scholar

utes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, C

risma 2, Manipt Appearance 2, Perception 4,
nce 4

Abilities: Academics 4, Dodge 1, Enigmas 3, Etiquette 2,

ation
Incelli Vits 3

Expression 2, Investigation 3, Leadership 2, Linguistics
2, Melee 1, Occult 4, Ride 1, Science 3

Humanity: 8, Willpower: 7
Equipment
natural, pyglass, notepad, various occult paraphernalia,

Extensive research library on the super

horse-drawn carriage with curtained windows

Agents of the Queen

Queen Victoria herself remains as ignorant as most
of E
world around her. Not so her physician, Doctor William
Gull. Dr. Gu
a keen intellect, a determination to protect the Royal

ind's citizens regarding the true nature of the

while old and physically weak, possesses
Family and a substantial amount of knowledge of the
Kindred. With the help of elect others in both the Royal
Family and Parliament, Dr. Gull has put together a small
but elite association of agents gathered from Scotland
Yard, the British army and even the criminal element
whose stated and sworn purpose is to defend Her Maj-
esty, the Royal Family and England (in that order) from

trabhald

(CHAPTER SIL

the threat posed by the supernatural. To date, they have
accomplished little, save to prevent several attempts by
overly ambitious Kindred to enthrall Queen Victoria
herself. Slowly, however, they make their way into the
darkened streets of London and, from there, throughout
the Empire. Iris only a matter of time before the Kindred
become aware of their existence

Altho
than the

th far less knowledgeable about the Kindred
rcanum or even the Inquisition, Gull's:
know enough to pose a real danger to any vampire they
consider an enemy. With sufficient time and with the
resources of the Crown behind them, there is precious

little they cannot accomplish:

Her Majesty's Agents

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2

risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Abilit

letics 2,

Stamina 3, Cha.

Academics 1 (sometimes), Alertness 3, Ath-
Etiquette 1
(sometimes), Firearms 3, Investigation 2 to 4, Melee

Occult 1, Politics 2, Ride 3, St
Huma
Equipment: Sword cane, pistol, other hidden weap,
of various sorts, magnifying glass, writ with the ro

Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Enigmas 1

Ith 2, Streetwise 2 to 4

6 to 8, Willpower:

seal
foraccess to police files and other restricted information,

cyanide capsule in case of capture by monsters


Magicians and
Witches

Some are wizened old men playing with alchemical
formulae and ancient chants, who are guided by the
position of the stars. Others are the last pagan remnants
of faiths long dead, gathering herbs and the blood of
animals to work their wills. Still others are men and
women who never studied a day in theit lives, unassum-
ing sorts who simply discovered that they are gifted — or
cursed — with abilities far beyond the norm.

For nearly as long as man has existed, some have
learned how to shape the world around them without
physical tools, through force of will alone. And for all
that time, the Kindred have feared them. No predator, to
Be sure, likes the idea that its prey may grow an unex-
pected set of teeth

In s environment of flourishing occult soci-
eties and mystic fascinations, it should prove no surprise
that witches and warlocks ofall sorts appear with some.
what more frequency than they have of late. In the
civilized" nations of the world, they most often (though
certainly not always!) take the form of the astrologer, the
Hermetic wizard — with a scientist's approach to the
non-scientific. Most normal people do not believe they
exist, and those who do are either fascinated with them,
already swept up in the popular perception of the occult,
or terrified of them, convinced that they bear powers
imbued by Lucifer himself. This is particularly true in the
wilds of Scotland, Ireland and other regions where the

practiced
witchcraft." In other regions, particularly in A
India, witches are viewed with far more tole
accepted as spiritual guides, shamans or yogis.
The templates that follow are not divided by "type"
is, the Storyteller will not find one set of
s for yogis, another for astrologers and so forth.
These differences in style are more accurately portrayed
by a Storyteller's choice of Thaumaturgy rituals and
paths for an individual character.

Apprentice

Usually but not always younger mages, apprentices

are individuals who, through whatever channels or ri
als appeal to them, have but recently embarked upon
their eldritch journey. An apprentice is a warlock who
has learned but a handful of spells from a musty and
ancient tome, a shaman who knows how to speak to the


weakest spirits only ora worker of will who has just come
into his unasked-for power. Many of these nascent wi
ards find themselves swept up in some occult society,
ever seeking for greater knowledge. In some ways, these
can be more dangerous than their more powerful coun-
terparts, for wizards of true power are wise and clever
n unnoticed by those
around them. These younger and more rash magicians
more likely to resort to blatant spells of death and
fiery destruction, if they happen to know such incanta

enough to stay subtle, to re

tions.

Apprentice
Attribute Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 2,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl
2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Enigmas 2, Firearms 2, Intimida-
tion 2, Melee 2, Occult 4, Ride 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge
3
Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Pres-
ence 1, Protean 1, Thaumaturgy 3 (one or two paths)
Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 5
Equipment: Pistol, knife, ritual implements (blade,
candles, robes, chalice, herbs, etc.), mystic talismans
(which may or may not have any power)
High Wizard
Masters of the ancient ways, shapers of the world
around them, these mages are the Merlins, the John
Dees, the true magicians f the world. Capable ofstriking
down foes from afar, favored (or so it seems) by lady luck
herself,
a vampire could hope — or hope not! — to face. Only

true wizard is perhaps one of the greatest threats

their morta
resourceful Kindred know how to exploit, render them.
vulnerable. Some ofthese greatest of warlocks learn their
magics from ancient tomes the lil

ty and human frailties, failings that all

of which younger
wizards could never comprehend, but most seem to have
al affinity for will-working. Unlike their younger
brethren, experienced mages rarely waste their time with
cultsand secret societies; they have farbetter things todo
than toseek "secrets" whe

or to bilk gullible aristocrats out of their money. If a

anat

Il and sundry can find them

vampire finds himself crossing paths with such a wizard,
she can be certain that she is caught up in something far
larger and more deadly than is immediately apparent

High Wizard

Attributes:
risma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

2, Cha

, Perception 4,

Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamin

HATTER SI

+ Academics 5, Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy
nigmas 5, Firearms 1, Intimidation 4, Investigation 3,
Leadership 2, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2, Occult 5, Ride
1, Subterfuge 3

Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 4, Chimerstry 3, Domi:
nate 2, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 4, Presence 3, Thaumaturgy
5 (multiple paths and rituals)

Blood Pool: 12, Willpower: 9

Equipment: Sanctuary with substantial occult library,
ritual implements (blade, candles, robes, chalice, herbs,
cetc.), mystic talismans, sword cane, stylish clothing

Meddler in Forces He Cannot
Understand

Some seekers of eldritch lore are obsessed (or fool.
ish) enough to delve into realms of mystery that are
beyond human comprehension. Whether these truly are
secrets that man was not meant to know or whether they
simply involve alien ways of thinking beyond the capa-
bility of a rational mind, the end result is normally a
gibbering lunatic who can hardly feed or clean himself,
let alone perform sorcery. Some, however, go mad in
other, more subtle ways, ways that enable them to main-
tain their powers — usually in service to something else,


something that dwells in the shadowy comers where the
real and the unreal intersect. Many of these entities
change their servants in physical ways as well as mental,
and some of these unfortunate souls no longer resemble
anything even remotely human. Their goals are typically
unknowable, but whatever they seek, they have few
compunctions about destroying whatever might get in
their way

Meddler in Forces He Cannot Understand
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma I, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0 to 2, Perception
4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl
3, Enigmas 4, Intimidation 5, Investigation 4, Law
Medicine 2, Melee 4, Occult 5, Science 3, Stealth 3
Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 2, Forti
tude 4, Potence 3, Presence 2, Thaumaturgy 4 (multi
paths and rituals)

Blood Pool: 10 (poisonous — one aggravated health
level per blood point consumed), Willpower: 8
Equipment: Scraps of clothing, any useful tools that
might have been on him when he was human.

Note: Some meddlers, as stated above, no longer
even appear human; like Nosferatu, their Appearance
can never rise above zero. Although the meddler is
intelligent, he is also utterly mad and may lash out
violently at the slightest provocation. His Fortitude
score is due to an alteration in his flesh, not to any use of
magic

Werewolves

The Kindred have reasons far beyond financial gain
and political influence for encouraging the Industrial
Revolution and the expansion of cities. Every tree cut

down to make way for a road, every yard of grass paved

cover to expand a neighborhood, is one more victory in
the ancient war between the vampires and the
werewolves.

Itisa war the Kindred can win no other way. Lupines
are ravenous, feral killing machines; a lone vampire who
confronts a werewolf faces a terrible mauling or worse.
Even undying creatures that feed on the blood of human-
ity have nightmares — and more often than not, those
nightmares have bloodshot eyes, thick fur and razor-
sharp claws

Those few Kindred who have made a practice of
studying the werewolves (and survived) have found
certain differencesamongst the Lupines. The werewolves
seem to have a clan structure not entirely unlike that of


the Kindred, but one based along ethnic and national
lines, The black-furred
berserkers, lusting only for the rush of battle. The slightly
smaller creatures of the Irish countryside and
fens are mystics, preferring magically enhanced an
bushes to frontal assaults. Those inhabiting the New
World are more spiritual still, sharing many of their
practices with the native tribesmen. Perhaps most bi-
re are the Lupines of India, who still consider

pines of Scandinavia are true

‘cottish

themselves part of the country's caste structure — and
who will not, even in the midst of battle frenzy, lay aclaw
upon a member of either the Pariah (untouchable) or
Brahmin (priestly) castes, unless they are, themselves, of
similar caste. (They even appear to have a mystic g
that allows them to determine a person's — or vampire's
— caste.)

There would appear to be a political structure to
these werewolf clans as well. That is, more often than
not, members of some specific tribes appear to outrank
members of others. Determining whether this represents
a specific, universal hierarchy or whether it merely
suggests tendencies (comparable to the notion that the

Ventrue usually, but not always, hold more positions of
authority than the Brujah) would require far more inten-
sive and exhaustive study than any Kindred can safely

Also like the Kindred, Lupines appear to gain in
mystic might as they age, and the young tend to defer to,
the old when it comes to leadership of werewolf packs.

Young Beast

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha:
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearanc
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3,
3, Crafts 2, Dodge 2, Firearms 2, Intimidation 3, Inves-
tigation 2, Leadership 1, Linguistics 1, Melee 2, Occult
1, Stealth 3, Survival 3

elerity 3, Potence 1, Prot

Perception 3,

Animal Ken 2, Athletics 2, Brawl

Humanity: 7, Willpower: 5, Gnosis: 4

Mature Werewolf

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness3, Animal Ken3, Athletics 2, Brawl
4, Crafts 2, Dodge 2, Expression 1, Firearms 2, Intimida:
tion 3, Investigation 2, Leadership 1, Linguistics 1,
Medicine 1, Melee 3, Occult 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Equivalent Disciplines: Celerity 4, Potence 2, Protean 4

Humanity: 6, Willpower: 7, Gnosi

‘CHAPTER SIL

Elder Lupine
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha
risma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 4, Athletics 4, Brawl
5, Crafts 2, Dodge 4, Expression 3, Firearms 2, Intimida
tion 4, Investigation 2, Leadership 4, Linguistics 1,
Medicine 1, Melee 5, Occult 4, Stealth 4, Survival 5
Equivalent Disciplines: Celerity 5, Dominate

tude
Discipline at 4 (shamans may include Thaumaturgy in
their repertoire)

Humanity: 5, Willpower: 9, Gnosis:

Fae

For all the growth of science in recent years, this is

Obfuscate 3, Potence 3, Protean 4, one other

still a world of fancy
world not terribly far from the industrial complex belch-
ing clouds of soot, people still leave saucers of milkon the

ind superstition. In parts of the

doorstep, avoid rings of toadstools in the deep woods or
even frighten their children into proper behavior by
telling them "the goblins will take you." Most of the
time, stray cats drink the milk, the toadstoolsare nothing
but fungus, and the
misbegorten heads off.

dren continue screaming their

In places where the old ways have not faded and
banal science is not yet the order of the day, however, the
fae still lurk just beyond the sight of man

They ar

tales, these f

not the tiny winged sprites of children's

Although they are less than once they
were, these are creatures of legend, of power. They are
rarely involved in
which wizards (or the Kindred the
Unlike the Lupines, they bear no special grudge against
the undead (though they seem to find the presence of the
Kindred moderately unpleasant). Many of them are
consummate and incorrigible r

atine schemes, such as those for
elves) are known,

s, however, and they
are all extremely possessive, What is theits is theirs —be
it a forest glade, a crossroads, a house or the family that
dwells therein — and they take it amiss should anyone,
vampire or mortal, encroach upon their demesne. It isin
these fashions, either as the victim of deadly "games" or
as an accidental poacher in their territory, that the
Kindred normally encounter the fae. Wise vampires
within a faerie's territory pay heed to the native superst-
tions, leaving offerings for the creatures as do the kine
This can grate on the pride of an arrogant vampire, but
the first time she awakens at noon to find that she has

been moved to a room with an open window is usually


sufficient to convince her to respect the fae as they
demand.

The Trickster

Most tricksters dwell in the wilds along roadways,
preferring a natural environmentand an open road to the
confines of any one community (although some do
indeed make lengthy stops in particular communities,
enjoying the sight of mortals dashi bout trying to find
items the fae have hidden and trying to fix tools the fae
have broken). These are the most playful of the fae, and
they will often let a traveler pa fhe shows
a sense of humor about their numerous pranks and

unharme

shenanigans. Some are particularly fascinated by skillful

storytelling and will refrain from tormenting those who

ood yarn. Others, however, prefer to take mortals
ampires) who catch their fancy away with
-yond mortal ken. Th
ost dangerous of trickster fae,
re both unnatural and inescap:
h, enraptured, into the dense woods, never
n by the world they have left behind

em, toplaces| enchantersare
or their beauty and

Their

Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2, Cha-

nipulation 5, Appearance 6, Perception 3,
Wits 2

Alertness3, Animal Ken
Occult 2, Performance 3,
h 5, Subterfuge 4

risma 4, M
Intelligence

Athletics


a4

Equivalent Disciplis
ity 2, Chimerstry 3, Domina
4, Protean 4

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 6, Glamour: 6

The Guardian

Helpful and protective of those under their charge,

Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Celer-

e 3, Obfuscate 4, Presence

these fae select a particular village, home or family with
whom to dwell. They often perform helpful tasks around
the house, mending shoes, cleaning rooms and the like.

More importantly, they guard those under their charge

from hostile forces, driving forth angry spirits, wandering
rangely, any house
with a resident guardian fae is protected from the Kin-

dred, even if the faerie isnot currently about; asin the old

ghosts and even hungry vampires.

legends, a vampire cannot enter such a dwelling without

being invited by a resident of the home. Although they
prefer to frighten off im
rid illusion, these fae have been known to pl

attack ¢

ders through the use of magics
ically

aten their wards.

atures that directly th
These fae
their protective ni
to be respected and rewarded for their efforts. These
guardians protect their charges only so long as the

c not inherently nice or kind, d
ure; as with all fae, guardi

spite
ns expect

mortals dwelling within show them the proper respect

(leaving offerings of foc

thanks and so forth). A guardian who is ignored or
treated with disrespect by its family may become a
nightmare (see below) and take out its wrath upon those
who spurned it

Guardian

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4,
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appe:
Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness
Dodge 3, Empathy
Subterfuge 4
Equivalent Discipline
3, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 6 (can hide inanimate objects
and even small houses), Presence 3

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower

ance 2, Perception 5,

nimal Ken 2, Brawl 3, Crafts 4

, Melee 3, Security 5,

Auspex 3,Celerity

8, Glamour: 8

Nightmare
Whereas tricksters a
These
teal misbehaving children away in

erely wild, nightmares are
ively maliciou fe the fae who curse entire
families with ill luc
the night or leave babies dead in their cradles for the
tiniest imagined slights of their parents. Some are large

hulking creatures who cause great damage tofamiliesand


homes alike; these "brutes" prefer direct violenc:
those who anger them. Other, more subtle nightmares
prefer stealth and secrecy (and it is they who slink in

through chimney flues to smother infants); thes

jinst

crs" are less hardy than their more violent counterparts,
but far more clever.

Fae of other types who are unduly angered by the
mortals around them may become, or at least act like,
nightmares with little warning.

Nightmare

Attributes: Strength 3/5, Dexterity 5/3,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 4, Appearan
4, Intelligence 4/2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken
2/4, Dodge 3, Enigm

Melee 3, Performance 1,

fuge 5

Equivalent Discipli

Dominate

Presence 2

Blood Poo!

nina 3/4,
1, Perception

10, Willpower: 7, Glamour: 6

Note: Numbers before a slash indicate a creeper;
those after a slash indicat

Ghosts

The Kindred are not the only creatures to hi
ed death. The ghosts of the deceased still wander
earthly shores, seeking to fulfill some dri
they were unable to achieve
of heightened emotion, and th
almost to the last, desperate, willing todo whate
they must to achieve their fina

of passio

surest way to eliminate a haunting spirit is to
either resolve or destroy whatever lingering
issues bind it to the mortal world. Most ghosts
are linked toa specific person, place, family or
item (though some ha ral such links)
ind find it much easier to manifest n
ffect the environmentaround these "fetters."
Only the very rare ghost, one bound by a
purpose that knows no boundarie

difficulty operating anywher

rand to

Some cultures, considered primitive by the
Victorian Englishman, honor the
spirits of their dead, entreating them for aid and
serving to complete whatever tasks they left unre-
solved. In most cultures, howe

"enlightened

, ghosts are viewed

\t upon the world, ainst

the laws of God. Some ghost

actively hostile —but to the Victorian mindset, most are

benign —oratleast not

vile Creatures, determined to cause the greatest
possible suffering to those who still possess the gifts of

breath and flesh.

The Poltergeist
This

mortal or a vampi

pethaps the most common sort of spirit a
likely to encounter. Fortunately,
itis also one of the least dangerous. Although most are
hostile to the livin;
limited to simple illusion, hiding important items and to
hurling objects about the room. Such behavior is fri

n be deadly if the proper items are
about, but poltergeists lack the power of other, more
dangerous spirits. Some Kindred theorize that polter
geists represent ghosts whose passions are just barely

their ability to harm others is

strong enough to hold them from death or else those
spirits who have been deceased but a short while and
have not yet reached their full potential. Polte

e with the living, so determining
what binds one to the physical world can be difficule
Fortunately, they are relatively easy to banish or control

with Necromancy, Thaumaturgy or other sorceries.

ANTAGONISTS.


ist
Attributes: Strength 0/2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Enigmas 2, Intimidation 2, Investigation 1,
Melee 1, Occult 2, Si
Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2
Dementation 2, Dominate 1, Thaumaturgy 3 (Move-
find only)
, Passion Pool: 5

tealth 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3
Chimerstry 2

ment of the
Willpower:

Driven Shade

The driven shade does not
necessarily seek to cause harm

to those mortals who cross

her path; she simply de-

sires to accomplish her

goals in as expedient a
manner as. possible.

Some have returned
from death to com-
plete their lives'
pursuits. Othersseek
tofindsome item, to
protect a loved one
ortoseek revenge on
those who harmed

them. These shades,

who often require

living hands to

vance their
agendas, are
fond of possessing
mortals (or even
Kindred). They may
not intend any harm to
butthe
shades rarely make an effort to

theirunwillinghost
unravel any com-
promising positions in which they have left their victims
once they have departed. Although these wraiths are
capable of causing greatharm to those who would thwart
their purposes and often intend bloody violence toward
those who wronged them, their focused aggression marks
them as very different beings from their murderous
brethren (see below). Kindred, of course, are unnatural
creatures who all too often bring about the untimely
death of their victims; more th
wander the world with the mu
in their minds.

na few driven shades
der of vampires foremost

CHAPTER TL

Driven Sha
Attributes: Strength 0/3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 5,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 2 to 5, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge
3, Empathy 3, Enigmas 4, Intimidation 3, Investi
5, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Melee 2, Occult 3, Politics 2
Stealth 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3, plus 2 to 5 addi
tional dots ba

tion

ed on the wraith's specific purpose
Equivalent Disciplines: Auspex 2, Chimerstry 2,
Dementation 3, Dominate 5, Presence 2, Thaumaturgy
4 (Movement of the Mind only), Vicissitude 3
Willpower: 9, Passion Pool: 10

Murderous
Spectre
Perhaps they were
evil men and women
when yet they lived,
ments they have
faced in their
afterlives have
driven them mad.
Whatever made
them what they
are, these vicious
shostsnowseckto
ing and death to
the living above
and beyond any
other goals. Some
prefer more direct
forms of physical tor-
ment, using solid objects
as would a poltergeist (or
even manifesting physically) to
slash flesh andbreak bone.
tortures, tormenting their victims with awful hallucina-
epingmadness. Although they aresomewhat
less focused than their objective-driven counterparts,

Dehers prefer more subtle
tionsander

they possess more than enough hate and power to make
their chosen vietimssuffer horribly. Thoseslain ordriven
to suicide by a murderous spectre often rise as similar
ghosts, damned to haunt the world as they themselves
were haunted until the ghost that slew them is laid to
rest.


201

Attributes: Strength 0/4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha
risma 1, M jon 3, Appearance 0, Perception 2,
ence 4, Wits 3

Academics0to2, Alertness3, Brawl 4, Dodge
4, Intimidation 4, Medicine 0 to 2, Melee 3, Occult 2,
Stealth 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Equivalent Disciplines 2, Chimerstry 1-3 and
5 (not 4), Dementation 4, Obfuscate 3, Obtenebration
3, Presence 2, Protean 2, Thaumaturgy 3 (Lure of Flames,
Movement of the Mind), Vicissitude 4
Willpower: 7, Passion Pool: 9

Secret Societies

Not every hidden organization is related to the
Inquisition; not every secret society cares

Kindred. Most such organizations, from the Fre

down to the high society social clubs, are far more

interested in obtaining either political power or occult

e (or, quite often, both). Although these

societies do not focus on vampires, they have cer-

tainly run afoul of Kindred schemes (or have seen

Kindred run afoul of theirs) more than once. While

these organizationsoccasionally claim wizards within

their ranks, the vast majority of members are nor

mal mortals, made dangerous by their wealth,

political clout and eldritch lore, but not by any

supernatural power. Storytellers can use The Doc

tor/Scientist and the Arcanum Scholar templates

to represent most members of such organizations

Freemasons

Originally an order of stonecutters, the Ma:

sons have allowed other wealthy and powerful

men to join them since the 17th century. They

are officially a Christian order, yet their cer-

emonies involve oaths and prayers to
multiple pagan deities (such as s

tian goddess of things mystical), The

Masons claim to be a social club, and

they do indeed participate in many

charitable programs and society ben

efits. Within their ranks, however, are

individuals affluent and well con:

nected enough to steer the course of

governments. Many prominent politi

ind leaders are members, and

while some interested only in

ANTAGONISTS


worldly power, others use the Masons' great stores of
ancient lore and worldwide connections to bolster their
knowledge of the occult, Some Ki
the order, but the Camarilla still has

dred are members of
ason to fear the
Freemasons; should they consolidate enough to do so,
the Masons might well have the clout to take entire cities
from Kindred influence and place them under the Ma-
sons' own ae seekingto brain influence
in Great Britain, Western Europe or the United States
will almost certainly have to deal with members of the

Freemasons at some point during his efforts.

The Hermetic Order of the
Golden Dawn

This is an organization in its infancy at
this time, having just split from the ranks
of the English Rosicrucian Society (his
torically in the year 1897, though the
rior split, so as to better
instories). The Golden
Dawn, which will one day claim the most famous

be able to use the grou

occultist of the modern era, Aleister Crowley, has
little interest in worldly or political concerns, preferring
instead to focus exclusively on learning, developing and

‘CHAPTER SIL

disseminating occult knowledge (to its members only, of
course). Despite the youth of the organization, it already
possesses a surprising amount of lore, though it hardly
compares to older organizations such as the Arcanum.
Much of this lore was copied or "borrowed" from the
Freemasons, as many members of the Golden Dawn are
also Masons. The Golden Dawn knows precious little
about the Kindred — only a scant few members even
know such creatures exist — but its members would
surely love the opportunity to question or study a real

"live" vampire

The Enlightened Society of the
Weeping Moon

Already a rarity in that it is native to
States, the Weeping Moon has only just begun
Engla

rs to be just another

United
lish its presence in Queen Victori nd. On the
surface, the Weeping Moon aj
occult society, similar in some respects to the Golden
Dawn. Iteven holds power in many growing cities of the
American West, where members can be found on gov
eming boards, on city councils and in any and all
imaginable positions of affluence and authority. In En
gland, however, its presence is far more subdued; only a
single large chapter, led by a "Revealer of Mysteries
ed Tobias Lane, yet operates in the "Old World."

it does not hold sway over local communities, nor
is it well known to the public as a charitable community


organization. Instead, it operates in the shadows, re-

cruiting members from other occult societies,
men and women who have moved beyond the 5
limited teachings" of their current groups.
Itisits members' focus on Luna herself —
the moon — as their guiding spirit, whom

ay descend to Earth and

race, that distinguishes them from

they believe will one
purify the hum
their brethren. Some members of the Weeping
Moon truly believe that their rites, even though
many are depraved ceremonies of bloody sacrifi
orgiastic rituals and workings of darkest magic, are
for the good of mankind, who will be blessed by Luna's
estation on Earth. Others know that the
horrible creatures of vilest aspect, wicked
spirits and their master, an un
bears some connection to the Lupines as well
e subtle, seeking slow expansion of the order
rather than bloody murder — but expand they will, and

eventual m:
sect serv
rthly power of corrup-

any Kindred who encounter them will be courted, re

cruited, destroyed or enslaved by powers that even

not comprehend.

sof the Enlighte
aturna

vampires
Many memb sd Society practice

These can be

a form of spirit magic called

represented either by adding Thaumaturgy to The Doc-
tor/Scientistor the Arcanum Scholar templatesor by the

use of the Apprentice witch template

Others

Some horrors of the era simply do not lend them-
definitions and templates. Not everything
sas do the Kindred, and
not even the wisest Nosferatu lorekeeper or Tremere
sagt
night.

in the world obeys the same

n truly understand the darkest mysteries of the

Madness Incarnate

Despite the growth of psychology and rational
thought, the superstitious Victorian mind sees madness
as a contagion, a creeping horror with an identity of its
own beyond the fractured minds of those who suffer from
it. Should many of the insane be gathered in one space,
such as an asylum, or should a
torment for years on end in some isc
separate from calming influen
madness ca

ted manor, kept
‘of rational society, that
no longer be contained. It seeps into the

very walls, the round i

Th

fects of uch acorruption i anvary.S

pear to be haunted — items chang

ANTAGONISTS


restless spirit is present. In others, those who enter the conclusions about the perpetrator. Even the Kindred
area begin to mentally and emotionally break down, as cannot easily track down a clever murderer, however,
the madness latches onto them asa new and better host. and a well armed and intelligent killer can prove a threat
Little can be done to avoid the ravages of such a place, even tothe undead, especially one who seems to have his

except to escape the grounds and flee to safety — often own source of knowledge about vampires themselves.

far more difficult than it sounds.

In some instances, disease, like madness, can seep

into the very fabric of the world; a truly hideous
ailment might even puppeteer its victims like a
possessing spirit, secking only to spread itself

far and wide.

The Serial Killer
Jack the Ripper may have been

the first, but now, he has opened a
door through which evil will for-
ever flow. Madmen stalk the
nis slaying at will, slaying

arently — at random.
Whether this comes from

an insanity thatsimply was

or whether something in

the Zeitgeist of the Indus.

trial Age has birthed a new

and murderous spirit upon the
world, thisslaughterer of innocents is
no longer a thing unheard of, but a
reality. Although few Kindred care
much for the victims of such a
Killer, a nighttime stalker bears
too much -ommon with their
own hunting patterns for com:
fort. Many Kindred would prefer
to hunt down and stop a serial
killer themselves rather than let

a frightened populace draw any

‘CHAPTER SII

Evil Twin

Victorian literature shows a fascination
with the concept of evil twins, and
this fascination is mirrored — only
rarely, but with drastic conse:
quences — in the real world of
mortaland Kindred interaction,
The wins" may truly be long.
lost siblings seeking
vengeance for imagined
slights. They may represent
some sort of _ spiritual
doppelganger, birthed as an out-
lec for the vietim's darkest and
most deeply represseddesires. Wher
ever they come from, these "twins"
seem to appear only for those with the greatest
amount to lose. A political figure truly seeking to
better his constituents will suddenly be struck
down by scandal, with numerous eyewitnesses
and even photographs to prove his lewd or
havior. A respected member of society
will slaughter a rival in broad daylight

and go to the gibbet swearing his inno
cence. Even a favored childe of the prince
might be seen meeting in secret with agents
of the Sabbat. Anyone with both power and
respect to lose is a potential victim — and
who, really, would ever believe their claims

that it must have been their "evil ewin?"


ANTAGONISTS


TAY PANS

lifterword

EE
"oh fa Faas we UY Me one in
L mcsed eg dolor WO lg

thasiasmte rr.
ecg ince hg le
Lagi ores Lai

inane, I i 0 it gait ine a chat
C0.40% note N'A

Putting together ahistorical setting for
aston ifs ta ore dfiauh,
Mgnt 3 i fe sotliy Beto ls
ee th ft the in setting Lo
tptars play sinters ibylit ib absonstds £6
Falaij thet core sear hopsulgaeper Wt sas thal
‘TS, rb et a te

‘a Wit, b;
stroretothes borytollys. 5 sidathan [he
ors aealy hab, Sire

Sat hg lea y oh

ih

e nage tots of By

Lis ge

(0 Blaellgus dy che
Sil alte. -
Vere singly aréa ta let of ri ants i
hore Te D there» ol. soy apuoapons list

A oT he ho le

coming iorian Gi lit bas
BY 4 fof wich yaaly hy. (Fs se


No, unabashedly, this book is all about the setting.
Ir's a fellow volume to Vampire, not a whole-cloth
replacement, and that made many of the content deci
sions. Careful readers will have noticed the seeming
independent clans, for
example, in comparison to the smaller amount of infor-
mation on the clans belonging to sects. That's for two
reasons. First, the Gothic nights are a period when the
world wasn'tso cosmopolitan or (ugh) politically correct
asitisnow—those independent clans shine as examples
of Kindred exoticism that takes on a different timber
than it does in the jaded modern nights. Second, those
independent clans willingly exclude themselves from
the greatness (ahem) of the sects themselves. Indeed,
sect is almost as important as clan during the Victorian
era, which itselfis almost as important as the simple state
of being Kindred or Cainite. Quite a departure from
modern Vampire's sensibilities, to be sure, but it was an.
era of secret societies and I wanted to make sure that the
writers imposed a bit more institutionalism on the sects
than they have in the modern nights.
just one example of the stylized world my
sel of writers and I have put before you. You'll see
many others — the geography chapter of a Vampire
book being narrated by a ghost; conspiracy theories (as
opposed to actual conspiracies); potent witches and

abundance of information on thi

other threats for the Kindred to watch out for. By its
nature, Vampire is a very self-sufficient — almost self-
absorbed — game, because the Kindred them
that way. The Victorian era, however, simply won't

are
allow them to be so insular, as the world belongs to
Britain and so does everything in it. It is nor so strange,
then, to find the staples of the era's gothic fiction
interacting with our own proprietary protagonists and
antagonists

Visual imagery alonecan carry a Victorian story, and
many of the tropes and concepts that just don't work in
the modern nights (or do, with an inordinate amount of
suspension of disbelief) have their heyday during the
latter part of the nineteenth century. Capes and cloaks,
sword-canes, top hats and theater gloves are the very
costume of the literary vampire, but the nature of the
Masquerade during the modern nights makes individuals
clothed in such garments veritable magnets forsuspicion
at best and the Inquisition at worst. In the setting of
Victorian Age: Vampire, however, they're the predomi-
nating style, so a dapper Lick need not worry that his
sartorial flair might be attracting a perilous kind of
attention. Any number of affectations made illegal or
outstanding in the modern nights fit seamlessly with the
gothic literary genre as well as the Victorian cultural
norm: opium, absinthe, the Ripper hidden behind a veil

of fog, a Golden Dawn sorcerer conjuring "immortality."
Yes; everything I bitch about being inappropriate or a
blatant threat to Kindred existence in the Final Nights
is fair game during Victor

Of course, that brings us back to the beginning.
That's why we tackled another historical setting. We
wanted to tell stories in a different idiom, with different
themes, and using different plot elements and set dress-
ing than we could otherwis

I think it's succeeded quite well. All the good stuff
that makes a story perfect for Vamp
the change of setting givesusa whole new palate of other
good stuff to work with, too

Such being the case, the work of the writers and
developer is done. We've had a great time put
world together, but now it's time to turn the creative
reins over to you and your troupe. We've builtsome plots
and schemes, filled in some blanks so that a Storyteller
wishing to undertake achronicle in this most vampiric of
all time periods won't have to make things up whole
cloth. What remains is that spark of life (or unlife,
perhaps) that makes the tale worth the telling. You've
gotthe cast and crew, set and soundstage. It's time for me
toshut the hell upand let you commence to storytelli

Before I do —I know, I know; shut up already!
would like to make a few acknowledgements. | want to
profusely thank the writers, without whom this book
wouldn'texist, or might exist in a less functional fashion.
Our are director and artists also deserve special mention,
for taking what could have easily been a phoned-in
performance and bringing the brooding menace of the
Empire to eye-popping reality. The managers and de-
partment heads aswell have atleast my thanks, forgiving
us the go-ahead on the project and turning us loose to
make of it what we would. Most importantly, though, 1
want to thank you— that's you, the person who bought
thisbook and hassettled in to tell your own stories or just

'sreign.

is still there, and

ng the

fora read. You're the one who makes this all worthwhile,
and thanks for being with us.

Regards,

Justin

14 July 2002

ANTAGONISTS


ndex

bilities 116, 119 Cairo 98, 101, 163
Knowledges. 121 Camarilla 19, 23, 24, 36, 125,
Cardiff 136
igmas Cathayans 44
Skills 120 character 114
Ride 121 character concept 115
Talents 120 Christiania 149
Advantages 116 Civilized World, the 17
Africa 45, 98 Clans 24, 27, 38
Alexandria 45 Assamites 39, 91
American West 44, 94, 106 Brujah 24, 51
Amsterdam 147 Followers of Set 39, 99
Anarchs 22 Gangrel 25, 55
cilla 23 Giovanni 39, 107
Antediluvians 23 Lasombra 3
Astral Travel 42 Malkavians 25,
Athens 160 Nosferatu 25, 63
Attributes 116 Ravnos 39, 111
Austria 156, 158 Toreador 25, 67
Autarkis 22 Tremere 26, 71
Tzimisce 38, 84
B Ventrue 27,
Backgrounds 116, 122 clans 115
Generation 123 Conspiracies 22, 39
Resources 124 Copenhagen 148
Barbarous Lands, The 18 Coteries 39
Belfast 138
Belgium 146 D
Berlin 154 Dark Ages 33, 125
Bem 145 Degeneration 182
Blood bond 32 Demeanor 115, 117
blood hunt 36 Denmark 148
Blood Pool 117 Diamond Jubilee 46
Bombay 166 Disciplines 60, 116
Brussels 146 Domains 29
Budapest 158

A

‘CHAPTER SIL


Edinburgh 137

Egypt 45, 163

elders 23

England 131

Europe 140

Evil Twin 210

F

Fae 202
Guardian 204
Nightmare 205
Trickster 204

Faeries 42

Finland 150
ance 143

Freebie Points 117

slight 45

Germany 154

Ghosts 205, 42, 177
Driven Shade 206
Murderous Spectre 207
Poltergeist 206

Gothic genre 173

Gothic Victorian age 16

Great Britain 130

Greece 161

growler 46

i

hansom cab 46

harpy 33

Havens 29

Helsinki 150

History 174

Humanity 30, 116, 124
Hungary 158

India 45, 95, 103, 111, 166
Ireland 138

Istanbul 162

Iealy 155

Japan 45

K

Karl Marx 46
Kuei-jin 45

L

Lextalionis 36

Lisbon 140

London 43, 131
London Underground 46

M

Madness Incarnate 210
Madrid 141
Magicians and Witches 199
Apprentice 200
rd 200
Mediler in Forces He Cannot Understand
201
Merits and Flaws 126
eration 126

Dangerous Bias 127
h 127
of Gehenna 127

Aptitude 127
Medium 127

Methuselahs 23

Mithras 23, 42, 132

Moldavia 158

Morse code 45

N

Nature 115, 117
neonates 23
Netherlands 147
New York 44, 168
Norway 149

dD

Paris 43, 143
Poland 153

ANTAGONISTS:


Portugal 140
primogen 32
Prince 24, 32

ex

Queen Victoria 45, 172

R

Romania 158
Russia 151
&
Sabbat 21, 23, 36, 125, 181
int Petersburg 151
n Francisco 44
Scotland 137
Secret Societies 207, 19, 180
Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon
209
Freemasons 208
Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn 208
cts 181
al Killer 210
rcerers 41
ain 141
Status 20, 27
Stockholm 148
Sweden 148
Switzerland 145

Traditions

Fifth Tradition: Hospitality 35
First Tradition: The Masquerade 33

Fourth Tradition: Accounting 34
Second Tradition: Domain 33
th Tradition: Destruction 36
Third Tradition: Progeny 34
Turkey 162

U

Uganda 165
United States 167

Vv

Vaulderie 37
Venice 43, 108, 155
victoria 46

Vienna 43, 156
Virtues 116

W

Wales 135
Wallachia 158

Elder Lupine 202
Young Beast 202
whip 33
Willpower 116
Witch-Hunters 194
Agents of the Queen 198
197
ientist 194

Inquisition 196
Priest 195

Tea-Parlor Mystic 195
Vengeful Relative 196


Name: Nature ‘GrnrRation:
DPuaver: Dentanor: Suet:
Cironicur: Coxcrpr: Cuan:

11

Dnysicat SOCIAL Mentat
Strength, @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. 0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence. 0000
Stamina, @0000 = Appearance. @0000_ Wits. @0000

a
TALENTS SKILLS. Kvowurpcrs

Alertness. 00000 Animal Ken. 00000 Academics. 00000
Athletics, Crafts Enigmas ‘00000
Brawl, Etiquette. Finance. 00000,
Dodge. Firearms Investigation, ‘00000
Empathy. Melee. Law. 00000
Expression, Performance. Linguistics (00000
Intimidation. Ride, Medicine. 00000
Leadership. Security. Occult,

Streetwise. Stealth. Politics. 00000
Subterfuge. Survival. Science. 00000

| Ne ADVANTAGES <A

BackcRounps Discipuines Virtues

00000 _—_ Conscience/Conviction ®0000
00000

00000

00000 _ Self-Control/Instinct_@0000
00000

00000

00000 Courage

Huwaxtry/Pat1—— He
Bruised
eo000000000 Hurt
Injured
Wuipower: Wounded
0000000000 Mauled
oooooo0o0o000 Cuppled

Incapacitated

Bioop Poot WEAKNESS:
oooo0oo000000
oo00o0o0o0o0o00o00


nn {hf 1815
_00000 00000 00000

00000 00000 00000

00000 00000, 0000,

(00000 (00000 (00000

00000, 00000 00000

00000 00000, 00000

00000 00000, __00000

—_— Riruats —_—_— = EXPERIENCE
AME VEL C 2 Se
'

aes DER ANGELS

_ BLOOD BOKDS/ VINCUL! settee
Bow 1 Ram BOUND TO. Ran

ee (;(/5)// Seen ee St
5 ApvoR


es [(P/ii0E) BACKGROUND eee
Auuits Mentop

Conracts Resources

Reratners

Status,

INrLuence Omer

es /)5S/'SSIOiS
Gear (Carpi) Equipment (Own)

Frepinc GRounps Venicurs

eee [AES

Location Drscription


[5 |

Prrwupe

es ||?) Kl LL

hex
Appxpnir Acr
Dacor Brom
RIP.

Hig
Race
Nanni
Hi

Se

es SD |

Corerit Cnart CHARACTER SKETCIL


Coming Next
LONDON
BY NIGHT

The Domain of Mithras
Fo$-shrouded streets conceal a
myriad of crimes — but notall of
them area Kindred's doing. In the
$reatest city of the empire, untold
horrors breed ifi cobbled alleyways
and schemeon the estates of the
Kindred gentry. For every exaltation
Prince Mithras receives, a myriad of
évils fester behind the scenes, and it's
only a matter of time before they

boil to the surface.


main books

VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE
ww2300
$29.95 U.S.

The cote rulebook for the
ime of modem horror. Hardcover.

GUIDE TO THE CAMARILLA
wwa3oz
$25.95 vs.

The core resource on the foremos
‘sect of yampites, Hardcover.

GUIDE TO THE SABBAT

The core resource on they
's undead rivals. Hirdeover

clanbooks

OREADOR
WAWI356™ $14.95 U.S.

CUANBOOK:
wigs 59

CLANBOOK: BRUJAH
WW2351 $14.95 US.

CLANBOOEK: TREMERE,
WW2357 $14.95 1.

ELANBOOK: FOLLOWERS O@SEP — CLANBOOK: MALKAVIAN

WW2360 $14.95 U.ge WW2353 $14.95 US,
WW. $14.95 Se 4 $14.95 U.S. Ww2 15.95 Oe

ELANBOOK: RAVNOS
WW2364 $14.95 USS.


other supplements

"CHE MASQUERADE Of THE BLACK HAND WW2265 $19.95 US.
WW2298I514,95.U.S. WIW2006 $18,00 USS. Secrets revealed and cycles
The lavidhlyitldstrated art book __ Secret rules and powers forthis

tumed in the Year of Revelations,

i

that begimpanied the Van hidden sect.
lis aa iionmow available REVELATIONS OF
individually: = BTERNAL HEARTS THE DARK MOTHER

Git; WW2400 $19.95.US. WW2024 $10.95 US.

THAD MATORGY Factory that examines the and theltindgad curse i
WAV? 106 $19.95 Us. vampire as sexualymetiphor. _theiBagkeof Nod radia
aa For adults only € Tradeback.
A onig-awaltted resource that anes

Foncaingiheimdst jealously enemas 3 a4 :
uarded powers of blood. EATAL ADDICTION A ee ;
gpreiciane. ww202fSis0oUs. <n "3

7 The guide to playingevampires! ee

BOOK OF NOD hiian pay PS pre rime

WW2251 $10.95 US. OF THIN BLO

WW2101 $15.9
Allows you to po
childer of hie

Thetome of vampires' propse" ry SELDED CAGE
oes and history, Trdeback' > yiMegaare 9 CSE A

WW2301 $14.95US:
The essential scr

CALRO BY NIGHT GIOVANNI 1) vampires |
WW2410 $15.95 US, © Gunonicies WW: | Pxtitie }
} . _NUOVA MALATTIA Sr ORY TerT }
chicago chronicles WW2097 $19.95 Us COMPANION
volunte 2 For adults'only. 4

Ww:

ines Chicago by Night THE GIOVANNI SAGA 1 book for Vampire Storytellers,
Second Edition and Underm W/W 2098 $17.95 US.
Blood Red Moon The epic adventure of uné

VAMpIRe

Less betrayaland poweractossithe STORYTELLERS. |
CHILDREN Of THE ages, Contains parts Landll of HANDBOOK
NIGut the Giovanni Chronicles /For (RE
Wit'2023 $1495 S: adults only WW2304

‘The mastersofthe undeadlin the The core reference f
Final Nights: MIDNIGHDSIEGE Stopjellers. Hardcove
WwW 19995, U.S.

CITIES OF DARKNE!

yoLuneS aa
WW2624S16.00 US MM Ae
Combines Alien Hunger and aay US.

Dark Colony 4 he

E TJASQUERADE


AN HISTORICAL SETTING SOURCEBOOK FOR VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

A Tradition of Gothic Literature

A world lit only by gaslight. An epoch of literature that "exposed" vampires to the world: An era of
wealth, imperialism, industry and change. For the Kindred, these are the halcyon nights: the last Romantic
period of their prominence before the enctoaching cynicism of the modern nights pushed them forever
from the eyes of suspicious mortals. It is a glorious fin dé sitcle, a brief period when the Damned truly
thrilled to be und

Victorian Age: Vampire Include.
* A whole new setting for Vampire characters and chronicles

* A host of antagonists, both mortal and supernatural, as well asa plethora of secret societies
* Information on the historical era as it applies to Kindred, as well as a broad geographical survey of
vampire interests

ISBN 1588462293 WW

NICE ||
