# File: Victorian Age - London by Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Brian Campbell, Chris Hartford and Adam Tinworth
Vampire created by Mark Reinellagen


Credits

Written by: Brian Campbell, Chris Hartford and Adam
Tinworth Vampire and the World of Darkness created by Mark
Rein® Hagen

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Reine Hagen

Developed by: Justin Achilli

Editor: Ellen Kiley

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Ron Thompson

Interior Art: Mike Danza, Guy Davis, Vince Locke, Christo-
pher Shy and Andrew Trabbold

Front Cover Art: Christopher Shy

Front & Back Cover Design: Ron Thompson

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning,
World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith
the Great War, Trinity, London by Night and Victorian Age
Vampire are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
tighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in
these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and
themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and
intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains
mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog, call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

~ 1554 LTTONDR
F STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

Sh


alm

Table of Contents

Introduction 4
Chapter One: London From the Dawn of Time 12
Chapter Two: The City Revealed 44
Chapter Three: London's Host 64
Chapter Four: Conspiracies 116

Chapter Five: Storytelling



Introduction

When aman is tired of Xendon he is Pee
fhe

2,
= Saraul 7 ohnson

af, ohnson + famous _ sine Son? London
lo past as well to unlf ‘Sr the
in red of the "V ictorian ora, ondon is me
of the most important — if nob the mast

ee — cles on the face 0 ee Tt
0

‘sks

iy uae the most evocal ve era the city 3

lon nia-log history,


4 4 Wal OR Ps. ‘OD 72 8 Cl aa é ; 3 €
| "

Ez:
t
; x

6 : eA ee ey

C When people think of London, even today, they tend to think of the
Victorian era. Modern London is much like any other city: It has its history,
true, but it isa mishmash of styles and trends, many of which can be found

ty) | in any major city anywhere in the Western world. The drifting, thick
\ i ' London smog is long gone, swept away by the Clean Air Act and a century | /
% of industrial decline. The ubiquitous black cab long ago replaced hansom
=A \

cabs; and the future of the monarchy is a subject of heated debate, when the
institution was once the very heart of the nation.

No wonder, then, that people prefer to think of the city as it was in the
latter part of the 19th century: the London of Queen Victoria, Sherlock
Holmes, Jack the Ripper and, of course, Count Dracula in the infamous
book by Bram Stoker. It was the very heart of an empire that spanned a
quarter of the globe. British children, at least those who received a decent
education, learned of the Crown's right and responsibility to fairly rule and
develop more primitive countries. Money poured into the city from the
whole of the empire, sparking a building boom that would last throughout
the century. Railway lines, museums, hospitals, schools, public buildings,
private buildings and all manner of homes sprang up rapidly, some in J
planned developments, some not. The city grew, almost like a cancer, eating
into the countryside around it. The railway lines drove into the countryside
around the city, transforming the rural parishes first into residences for the
Re richest, then quickly into commuting towns for the middle classes. Through-

WHI NZ out the middle part of the century, rapid building caused the gaps between
many of the parishes on the outskirts of the City of London itself to close up.
This dramatic growth created the London we know today. Indeed, two of
the authors of this book live in just these suburbs, one of them in a building
that stood during the time referenced in this book. At the time of Victorian
Age: Vampire, these suburban centers were newly born, less than halfa J
century old, and struggling to cope with the change from rural parish to
integral part of the overall city.

Along the riverside, new docks sprang up as the trade with the rest of |
the empire increased. More and more people moved to the city from the
countryside to sate the ever-increasing demands for labor in the factories,
docks and railways. Very little housing was available for these workers, and
the slums of Whitechapel and Soho grew rapidly to allow them to live
within walking distance of their places of work. In the meantime, the middle
classes who could afford the rail fares moved to the growing suburbs.

In the World of Darkness, London took on a gothic magnificence that
the real city could never muster. Under the grand, imperial buildings that
transformed the London skyline, the poor struggle to survive in slums that
barely supported life. Epidemics of "King Cholera" swept through the city
until a major new sewage system eased the terrible water pollution problem.
Each new railway line destroyed another section of housing for the working
men and women of the city, forcing them into greater and greater over-
crowding and squalor. The rich and aristocratic lived a life of pleasure and
decadence, with unprecedented amounts of leisure time. The expanding
middle classes grew fat on dedicated work, pious Christian values andthe — }
ruthless exploitation of workers. 4

Meanwhile, the numbers of Kindred in the city grew as the population
blossomed from 2.5 to 6.5 million in the last fifty years of the 19th century,
increasing the number of vampires the city could conservatively support to

irda aN ie Ans Slane pe a i Sain eA

= 5 2 "7. io ‘ a


IT rT s
e

QUAL

_

around sixty-five. The actual number was probably higher:
The deprivation and overcrowding in slums like
Whitechapel lent themselves to easy feeding for careful
Kindred. The docks and the railway stations allowed
other Kindred to arrive in the city with greater ease than
before, so the number of vampires constantly fluctuated
and was probably difficult to pin down at any particular
time.

In many ways, Victorian London was a model for the
cities of the late 20th and early 21st centuries. Driven by
commerce and linked to the world by several different
means of transport, it was no longer an isolated city with
clear and manageable boundaries like the Kindred power
hierarchy had been used to in the years since the Wars of
Princes. In time, the suburbs would become known as the
Barrens and shunned by the Kindred. Here, they were
new opportunities for havens and influence that at-
tracted those looking to carve out a slice of this mighty
city for themselves. With larger numbers competing for
wealth and influence, the pattern of power seen in so
many modern cities slowly took shape.

London was right at the heart of the Victorian Age
setting, and would help define the age to come — which
makes it a perfect setting for a chronicle. After all, Bram
Stoker, Charles Dickens and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle all
found this city an ideal place to tell a story or two. Why
not walk a few steps in the shoes of giants?

How To Use This
Book

As with many recent by Night releases, this book
presents the city and its undead inhabitants as a story
setting rather than offering a detailed treatise on the
historical London of over a century ago. It's a tool to
allow a troupe to create dramatic stories, lit by flickering
gaslight and wrapped in smog, against of backdrop of
hackney carriages, steam railways and the grand build-
ings of the British Empire. We touch on the basic
geographic structure of the city, but it is in continual flux
during the period of Victorian Age: Vampire, and maps
of the period are spotty at best.

You can, if you wish, learn more about the city to
give your games greater depth and realism. There's a
reasonably extensive list of resources later in this chapter
to help you do just that. Or, you might choose to work
with the fictional ideas of the city presented in a thou-
sand Holmes and Dracula adaptations on the big and
smallscreens. Either isa perfectly valid approach, and we
won't send the White Wolf Ripper around if you choose

") '
ern, s<—
De PALES ) ' 3

— ]
to take the city in a different direction from the one
presented here.

Chapter One tells the history of London, with a
particular emphasis on the role of the Kindred in that
long, long story. It takes you from the earliest, pre-
Roman nights of the settlements that would become the
city, through to the return of Mithras to the domain he
has claimed for most of recorded history, after an absence
of the best part of a century.

Chapter Two covers the geography of the rapidly
expanding city. While the focus in on the City of
London, along with its East and West Ends, and the city
of Westminster, there's also a brief look at the significant
suburbs of the city, from Greenwich and Sydenham, to
Hackney and Islington.

Chapter Three introduces the Kindred of the city.
Some have been there for centuries; others are new
arrivals from the far-flung ports of the British Empire.

Chapter Four details the main plots at work in the
city. This is mainly for Storytellers, giving them a good
point to start building their chronicles using the ideas
and story hooks contained within, tailoring them to the
needs of their troupe.

Chapter Five gives advice, hints and ideas for telling
stories in London. It includes suggestions for evoking
both the feel of the city and the mood of the era, as well
as a discussion of the particular thematic issues that make
Victorian London such a unique place to set your Victo-
rian Age: Vampire game.

Theme and Mood

London is a city of contrasts. It is the shining jewel
of the British Empire, constantly being improved with
grand new buildings, both public and private. Yet much
of the city is still full of slums. The powerful people of
London rule countries thousands of miles away, yet most
of the populace have no control over their own lives.
Great strides are being made in art, science and educa-
tion, even as poverty, crime and prostitution grow rife.

It is almost two cities: the daytime city of culture,
achievement, destiny and vision, and the nighttime city
of power struggles, selfishness, cruelty and hypocrisy.
The book is about London by Night, and so will focus
more on the latter than the former, like much of the
literature of the period that is still read today. The tales
of Sherlock Holmes give people a vicarious peek into
London's underworld. Arthur Machen's writings are
obsessed with the dark that lurks under the surface in the
city. Dracula, of course, opens up the sexual and evil parts
of human nature that people work so hard to deny.

5 INTRODUCTION
.

PreRy

y,

~

co

¥é

NS

=


JD towov sr ctr

a = ay eS

Theme

The main theme of London by Night is power, with
its inevitable attendants, opportunity and powerless-
ness. The city of London enjoys a power across the rest of
the globe that no city since Rome has acquired. The
British Empire, the greatest empire the world has ever
seen, has conquered country after country by sheer force
of might and technological prowess. Over a quarter of
the globe is now colored pink — the color the British use
for their empire — on maps, and the empire is so large
that there is never a part of it that is not lit by daylight.
As the saying of the day goes, the sun never sets on the
British Empire. Power over this vast area, and the untold
billions of souls within, radiates from this very city.

For the Kindred of London, this is the chance to seize
unprecedented influence on a global scale. Their eyes
turn from an exclusive focus on the city beneath their
feet to lands beyond their reach only a century before.
The steamship and the railway engine have increased
the speed of communication beyond anything experi-
enced before, and a missive to a well placed "associate"
in India can have a substantial impact. This is a time of
profound opportunity for an enterprising vampire.

The power structures of the Kindred themselves are
in flux, however. Mithras, the ancient prince of this city,
has returned after ninety years of absence. He did not like
what he found when he returned, and has moved to break
and remold the existing order among the Kindred. The
ambitious Ventrue Anne Bowesley became his right
hand, and she plans to remake the primogen in his image
— or so Mithras assumes. Anne herself is hungry for
power, and does her best to assure that Kindred newly
risen to positions of power owe at least as much to her as
they do to Mithras. After all, an ancient vampire spends
long periods in torpor, and someone has to handle the
domain in his absence.

Mithras is the very embodiment of power. He is a
vampire over three millennia old who claims to be the
childe of the Ventrue clan founder, and on occasion, to
actually be the god with whom he shares his name. He is
a prince of princes, wielding absolute authority in the
domain he has successfully defended against Kindred
whose names are now lost to history. Yet, he is out of
touch. He little understands how London has changed,
let alone the rest of the United Kingdom and its empire.
While his absolute power goes unchallenged, at least by
those who wish to see another night, his command of the
details of rule is negligible, and that responsibility he has
passed to Anne.

Meanwhile, Kindred, like the parasites they are,
flock to the city from all over the globe, hoping both to

o q 1 SE 4

Me, IL Oy I

take advantage of the city's preeminence and to win the
favor of one of the most powerful vampires still active in
the Victorian age. They find in London, and in its
prominent Kindred, a city of strong moral values coupled
with an abiding hypocrisy. The British middle and upper
classes talk of their duty to the rest of the world while
millions of Londoners live in squalor. The Kindred,
while making claims to gentility and unity, struggle
against each other with words and deeds with a savagery
that many in the hovels of Whitechapel would find
strangely familiar.

However, the new arrivals stand no chance of reach-
ing the pinnacle of power. While the same is true of all
of Kindred society, in which the elders inherently have
more power than their childer, it probably shows more
clearly in London than any other city of the period.
Mithras is near godlike in his strength. All other power
is merely the crumbs from his table. However much they
achieve, the Kindred of London have to face the fact that
they are, in their own way, nearly as powerless as the
slum-dwelling mortals.

Mood

The mood in London is one of desperate struggles for
survival or power hidden behind a concealing veil of
civilization. The mortals and Kindred of the city are both
obsessed with building their own power at the expense of
others. Opportunity lies before them and they must seize
it, others be damned. Just as the thick fogs often wrap the
city ina blanket that obscures its true face, the people of
the era conceal their true faces behind masks of civilized
behavior and pious demeanor. Less than three miles from
the great centers of art and science in Kensington, the
women of Soho and Whitechapel sell their bodies to
men, rich and poor, for three pennies a fuck. For every
wealthy man endowing museums and homes for fallen
women, a thousand people starve on the streets.

Amid the fog, behind the facades of gentility and
civilization, lurks an animal in every mortal and vampire
that is always willing to break through the veneer when
the need arises. Perhaps that's why the Whitechapel
Murders caught the public imagination to such a vivid
degree. The corpses of those five butchered prostitutes
were vivid reminders of how easily that animal side could
break loose, even in the glory of Victoria's empire. The
fact that they took place in Whitechapel, which many
people saw as little more than a breeding ground for
human animals, made the story all the more powerful.

For the Kindred, the Ripper stands as a vivid re-
minder of their nature. He is not one of them, yet he
makes everyone aware of the monsters that hide among
humanity. Each murder breaches a Masquerade that the


3
>

Se ar 4 v weed nh

QUA
perpetrator has never heard of or been party to in any
way. Yet the whole of Victorian society is in its own way
a masquerade. Both men and women dress in all-con-
cealing clothes, and overt displays of sexuality and
emotion are frowned upon. The human animal is denied
in favor of the civilized mind, even as piano legs are
covered just in case they arouse desire in a man.

The grieving Victoria, lost in mourning for her
beloved husband Albert, is the dark heart of the empire.
The very moral core of the people has lost its light: It is
an empty shell no longer attuned to the realities of the
world.

Resources

Books

Books on Victorian London are numerous, as are
those which just give a general history of the city. Here
are some of the more easily available titles:

Dickens's Dictionary of London 1888 (Old House
Books, 1993) is probably the single most useful compan-
ion volume to this book you can lay your hands on. A
facsimile of a guidebook written by one Charles Dickens
in the middle of our chosen period, it also has an
extremely useful map of London during that period.

Victorian London Revealed: Gustave Doré's Metropolis
(Penguin Books 2001) is a useful guide to the city of the
period, with some wonderfully evocative illustrations of
the city. Thoroughly recommended.

The London Encyclopedia (Macmillan, 1995). While
not specific to the Victorian era, it's just about the best
reference guide to the city ever published.

Victorian & Edwardian London (Brockhampton Press,
1999) is a glossy book with some lovely paintings and a
decent look at some of the key features of London. Not
as useful as the other books, but worth having all the
same for its skillful evocation of the elegant feel of the
city as seen by the upper classes.

Victorian London Street Life in Historic Photographs
(Dover Publications, 1994). It's amazing how much
more a city comes to life through photographs rather
than illustrations. These photos of ordinary people in
Victorian London make it feel much more immediate,
and could be very useful in bringing the city alive for your
players.

London: The Biography, by Peter Ackroyd (Vintage).
A superlative "biography" of London organized on the-
matic lines.

A ine a eae

ict fa

sa hac! 7 |

-

Fy) J &
me \ > 7, OO a

ANGLED FE) 9

A History of London, by Stephen Inwood
(Macmillan), another good history of the city, on more
chronological lines than Ackroyd's book.

This Sceptered Isle, by Christopher Lee (Penguin
Books), a solid overview of British history from the
Roman Invasion until Victoria's death.

A History of Britain 1: 3000BC - 1603 AD, by Simon
Schama (BBC Books), A History of Britain 2: 1603 AD -
1776 AD, by Simon Schama (BBC Books). This pair of
books accompanies the BBC TV series of the same name,
providing an easily accessible history of the British Isles.

London 1900, by Jonathan Schneer (Yale Nota Bene).
An interesting social and political overview of London
at the end of the Victorian era.

On the fiction front, the works of Arthur Machen, if
you can find them, are some of the most evocative of the
era. Buy them simply because you can swipe great chunks
of them for your game. The London Adventure, sadly long
out of print, is the best portrait of Victorian London in
the World of Darkness you could hope to find. Any of his
other works would be just as good.

Dickens is particularly good on the grimy underbelly
of Victorian London, and is a must. Any of the good
gothic horror tales of the period are worth a look too. All
of Stoker's work, not just Dracula, is worth exploring.
Even the Sherlock Holmes stories are worth reading for
their period detail. The Hound of the Baskervilles catches
the clash of rationalism and superstition particularly
well.

Books — Jack The Ripper

From Hell (Knockabout, 2001). A compilation of
Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell's comic, a retelling of
the Ripper story incorporating the latest theories. Into
that it weaves a mystical conspiracy that seems perfect
for the World of Darkness. You'll never look at
Hawksmoor's churches the same way again.

The Complete Jack the Ripper, by Donald Rumbelow
(Penguin Books). One of many books on the Ripper,
Rumbelow's book, while far from perfect, isn't hung up
on any one theory and provides a good overview of the
evidence and suspects.

Music

This is an era of classical music, opera, operetta and
the music hall. While tracks from the bawdy music halls
are surprisingly hard to come by, other authentic music
of the era is commonly and cheaply available (and
probably more appropriate for the gaming table). This is

INTRODUCTION

Se Fp To En ok mF

ON a


Ai

anonggees

10

the era of Brahms, Bruckner, Debussy, Gustav Mahler,
Puccini, Richard Strauss, Tchaikovsky and Verdi. A
quick browse through the classical section of your local
music store should provide a decent selection of their
work, which makes excellent background music for a
game. You could even try some of the operettas of Gilbert
& Sullivan, if you wish, but be aware that their comedic
tone might not be appropriate to the mood of a Vampire
story.

If the thought of classical music is too much, the
soundtracks to From Hell and Bram Stoker's Dracula are
appropriately mood-setting and unobtrusive in the game,
so long as you exclude the horribly misjudged Annie
Lennox track on the latter.

Film, Video and Television

The Victorian era has been captured on film in any
number of costume dramas. However, few of them are
really evocative of the sort of mood appropriate to a
Vampire game.

From Hell is a movie adaptation of the comic strip of
the same name, and catches the feel of the city surpris-
ingly well. Worth a look.

Bram Stoker's Dracula is worth viewing, as it captures
the spirit of the book far better than any other adapta-
tion, though that isn't saying much. Its depiction of
London is pretty good, too.

There have been many, many adaptations of the
Sherlock Holmes stories on TV and film. The TV series
starring Jeremy Brett in the 1980s and 1990s is regarded
by many as the definitive version, and is well worth
watching for its evocative recreation of the Victorian
city if you can catch it on TV or video.

In a similar bent, Murder Rooms, a recent British
series, focuses on the creator of Holmes, Sir Arthur
Conan Doyle, and his friendship with the man who
inspired the famous consulting detective in a series of
fictional investigations. While much of it is set in
Edinburgh, not London, it's also a good reference for the
UK in the Victorian period.

Websites

http://www.casebook.org/ - A comprehensive site
on Jack the Ripper

http://booth.Ise.ac.uk/ - An online resource of
Charles Booth's poverty maps of London in the late
Victorian era

http://www.scholars.nus.edu.sg/landow/victorian -
The Victorian Web, resources on many aspects of Victo-
rian life

LONDON BY NIGHT

dickens_london_map.html - Details of London as it
appears in the works of Charles Dickens

A Concise British
Lexicon

George Bernard Shaw once quipped, "England and
America are two countries divided by a common lan-
guage." Many of the words and phrases used by Londoners
in the time period of Victorian Age: Vampire will be
familiar to non-British readers, but some — forgetting
the spelling and grammar differences, and the Holly-
wood conceit that Londoners are either toffs or Dick Van
Dyke clones who speak "Cockney rhyming slang" — are
sufficiently different in the "Queen's Tongue" to cause
confusion or else have no equivalent in modern par-
lance. Of course, many words used in regional dialects
pose comprehension problems for those of us born and
bred in Britain, and are difficult enough for those of us
who have lived here all our lives, let alone for our
colonial brethren in the United States of America.

This short list explains a few of the words that may
cause confusion, but those wishing to learn more are
advised to seek a dedicated tome. Items in italics are
definitions rather than "translations," while (sl) denotes
slang that, of course, no proper gentleman or lady would
think to use.

£1 — Pound Sterling (20 shillings). British people just
say "a pound" rather than "a pound sterling."

1d — 1 Penny (4 farthings)

2d — tuppence (two pennies)

6d — sixpence (six pennies)

Autumn — Fall

Badge — pin

Barmy (sl) — crazy

Biscuit — cookie

Bill — check

Bob (sl) — shilling

Bowler hat — derby

Bobby (sl) — a policeman

Braces — suspenders

Bum (sl) — butt

By law — ordinance

City, The — the old Roman and Medieval city of
London, now its financial district

Corporation — city government

Curtains — drapes


«&
%

en) = j yi |
4 a 4

4 ee oe i) dowd ALU EO At

East End — the areas of 1 London east of The City,
notably Whitechapel and Shadwell

Europe — the European mainland. British people
regard themselves as distinct from Europe.

Farthing — smallest coin in circulation

¢ J Fag (sl) — cigarette
| q Fun fair — Carnival
| q Gaol — Jail

q Gobsmacked (sl) — amazed
ii Ground floor — first floor (etc.)
Kip (sl) — sleep

q Kipper — smoked herring
Knock up — wake up

y MP — Member of Parliament
1 Nosh — food

Pants — shorts

i |
i

Peeler — policeman (also "Bobby")

‘J
BaF

ri "lt =<

SE
-

-
foo, Jy 2S LS

PM — Prime Minister (leader of the government)
Post — mail

Quid (sl) — Pound Sterling

Shilling — 12 pence

Sitting room — living room (also drawing room)
Sofa — Davenport

Square Mile — The City, London's financial district
Suspenders — garters

Sweets — candy

Telegram — wire

Trousers — pants

Truncheon — nightstick

Waistcoat — vest

West End — the districts of London west of The

City, notably Soho and Mayfair

Wonky — broken/wobbly

INTRODUCTION



Ghap oe One:
London From
the Dawn of
Time
ie <g with your roguogt for | frei ger

oe,

Sh sie att. intg ae rash rious ayy
or t

") to Uf he
fred UE, f ts ed pass ti lg ge
~ we me sie spo or mat ion Soli bale we

—— LS MM, or
ath tras th Ta i soe
hee a et, Lote ive

* hey in


mA ye lg

LENS?

ere DO Ne
NX SSN CQ)

@ LONDON BY NIGHT

wet ik oo GIy es

aos) sas Jays wt

A Chronology of London
With Reference to Events
in Dritain

London is without doubt the most important city in Britain and the
world, but to examine its history in isolation would be to miss the forces
that drove events in London and provided the motivating force for its
occupants, rulers and conquerors. As such, this chronology occasionally
strays from details of the city itself to the wider scope in Britain (and

occasionally the world). I beg your indulgence in this matter and pray it
does not inconvenience you, dear reader.

The Mists of Time

When the first Cainites came to London one cannot say, but mortals
had been living in the isles for millennia when the Romans arrived on
these shores in 55 BC. My lord Mithras has told me of Ancients abiding
in Britain when he came to these shores, but it does not seem that any yet
survive — or at least are known, or willing to share their knowledge. We
know from the annals of Marcus Verus that Gangrel dwelt here, according
to legend having pursued "a great betrayer" from the East. Who or what
this was I cannot say, and efforts to draw information from the ancient
Baron of Chester have been met with hostility. A substantial Ventrue and
Brujah population also resided in Britain, perhaps having accompanied
the mortal migrations across Europe, or mayhap displaced there by events
in the civilized lands of the Mediterranean.

One legend associated with the founding of London builds on such
events, claiming that the founders of London came from Asia Minor,
fleeing a great war that claimed their city eleven centuries before the birth
of Christ. They say that the people followed their great leaders to the edge
of the known world, crossing the narrow seas to a cool but verdant land
where they sought to rebuild their lost glories. Their city they called Troia
Novantum: New Troy. My lord Mithras decries these claims as "unsub-
stantiated musings" and asserts that the story is a modern invention
popularized over the last fifteen hundred years, one that was never heard
in the first century after Christ when he came to the isles (the first
reference appears to be in the 6th century AD in the poems of Taliesin).
The pre-Roman name for London, Trinovantum (according to Geoffrey
of Monmouth), would seem to lend some credence to the legend, though
it was superceded by the more probable, but equally speculative (save for
some place names such as Ludgate), Caer Ludd — Ludd's Fort — trans-
formed by the imperials into Londinium. Whatever the truth, the Troy
origin story appeals to both Kindred and kine, suggesting an antecedent for
the city's glory, most recently exhibited in its role as the capital of the
empire. But I digress.

The location we now know as London was a place of power, important
to mortals and supernaturals alike. The springs of Tower Hill, Penton and
Tothill were sacred to the druids, and Lupines were also drawn to these
sites, though I know not why. Around the times in which Christ walked


D FI atic iw Sate olin
P 7 Pee . - on
* 7>¥ = PA CAS ee EF

the Earth, a precarious balance existed between the
British Cainites and other supernatural forces in the
land. The arrival of the Roman invaders in 43 AD
disturbed this balance, as well as the mortal equilibrium.
Roman rule was tolerated after the invaders suppressed
the initial resistance, but in 63 AD, Roman outrages
against the Iceni tribe under Queen Boudicca provoked
a full-scale revolt that razed first Comolodunum
(Colchester) and then London, which was abandoned
by its outmatched Roman garrison. This revolt took
place by night and day, with British Lupines seeking to
throw back the interloping Roman Cainites. As with the
mortal revolt, the Lupine attacks wrought considerable
damage but were ultimately futile. Several high-profile
Ventrue fell to the claws of the shapechangers, but this
only spurred the clan onward, prompting an ongoing
pogrom against other supernatural creatures.

London was rebuilt and grew in importance in the
years that followed. The Cainite population of both the
city and province of Brittania increased, and numerous
Cainites young and old found themselves drawn to the
city. Stories of Britain spread through the Empire and
many acknowledged the prospects for advancement in
the still-forming power structure of town and country in
the new province. One such migrant would become the
dominant supernatural force in the islands and rule its
nights — with a five hundred year gap after the fall of
Rome — for almost two thousand years. Already over a
millennium old, my lord Mithras was not initially the
most powerful Cainite in Londinium; his frequent ab-
sences on campaign prevented him from focusing his
influence in one place. Instead, his influence pervaded
the province, taking root in the soldiery who saw him as
a god of war, and building a broad power base that would
eventually become the largest domain in Europe. As
peace descended on the frontier province, and its impor-
tance to Rome grew, so did Mithras's power.

Playing a slow game of manipulation and action, the
Methuselah soon became the de facto shadow master of
Londinium, and through it the overlord of all Cainites in
Britannia, albeit ostensibly as a "first among equals." The
Walbrook Mithraeum became the seat of his power, the
series of concealed chambers serving as both haven and
audience chamber during the Roman era. The prince
entertained numerous guests, most notably — as far as
his contemporaries were concerned — Bindusara, one of
the few Kindred he regards as a peer. A less well-known
meeting (which required serious digging to confirm)
took place in 121 AD between Mithras and a gentleman
of Middle Eastern descent. That the prince met such an
individual is not unusual, as Persia and parts of the lands
now known as Araby fell within the Empire's borders,

Ps

Myths and Legends

London is beset with legends, but the most
enduring — though older Kindred deride them —
are of Brutus, a descendant of AEneas, and Gog and
Magog. These tales are intertwined or distinct,
depending on the version perused.

The former is best exemplified by the 6th cen-
tury poem Taliesin, the Roman de Brut by Wace, and
Geoffrey of Monmouth's Historia Regum Britanniae.
All three tell of the adventures of Brutus and his
associates after the fall of Troy, including their
flight across Europe and their attendant adventures
as they journeyed to a new land, Britain. Brutus'
greatest companion was Corineus, who slew the
leader of the giants who ruled their new island home
— insome tales, that leader was named Gogmagog.
Corineus subsequently received the western penin-
sula of the island, modern Cornwall (perhaps
originating as Corineus's Wall), as his domain. The
tale also goes on to feature the pre-Roman lord of
London, Cunobelin, also known as Cymbeline (best
known from Shakespeare's play) as well as Arthur
and Merlin, demonstrating (according to those |
have spoken to), that there is some truth in the tale,
however slight.

Another version of the Gogmagog story has its
origin in Roman times, claiming that two giants
(allegedly the descendants of Diocletian's promis-
cuous daughters) were tied to the gates of a palace
in London as its guardians. These figures were
known variously as Gog and Magog, or Gogmagog
and Corineus (a throwback to the Troy origin
story), and became symbols of The City by the 16th
century, appearing in the Lord Mayor's show from
1554 onward.

Distinct from the tale of Gog and Magog is that
of Bran the Blessed. Bran was a legendary king,
though some say he was a god or a giant, whose head
was buried beneath the White Hill (the site of the
Tower of London) to guard Britain against inva-
sion. According to some versions of the tale, Bran's
head continued to converse with his men after
being removed from his body, and those who spoke
with him had little or no sense of time passing.
Other variants state that Bran's head was removed
from White Hill by King Arthur so as to leave the
king the sole guardian of Britain. Links between
Bran's head and guardianship of Britain persist,
however, with the modern legend of the ravens in
the Tower; should they leave, the tale states, the
monarchy — and Britain — will fall.

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME

: tht mtiaenald * a ae ——

i '


a. d wey J J iy 4, dD)

16

but the identity of the visitor, were it widely known,
would shake the foundations of that newborn faction
known as the Camarilla. As you know, the Inner Circle
has enough difficulty accepting Mithras for what he is:
Imagine what they'd think if evidence of something
older and more potent than our prince was presented to
them. Mithras' guest was, like him, a vital god, but not
simply a Methuselah. His guest was, I am reliably in-
formed, an Antediluvian — yes, you read that correctly
— known as Haqim. My sources tell me the meeting was
cordial, some sort of philosophical discussion though I
i know not the subject, which ended when Haqim left in
the company of a band of robed Saracens. No one has
seen him since, nor have any efforts to follow his trail
been successful. Now, had this been a one-off incident it
might have been swept under the carpet, as they say, but
there's another occurrence, albeit slightly darker, about
a thousand years later. You will forgive me if I postpone
) discussion of that incident until the appropriate moment
; in the history.

During this era, London shifted from being a simple
port to being a major hub of governmental and artistic
endeavor. Magnificent edifices rose on the banks of the
Thames, and the Roman city walls, erected in 121 AD,
_ would form the principal boundaries of London for over
) a millennium; even tonight, on the eve of the 20th
/ century, fragments of the Roman defenses can still be
seen at Tower Hill and Aldersgate.

The rise of "British" emperors such as Constantine,
and Mithras's subtle influence over their supporters via
the Mithraic cult, expanded Mithras's power and earned
him influence throughout the Empire. However, this led
toanumber of clashes over religion, particularly with the
Lasombra and Toreador. Mithras's efforts to undermine
Christianity failed, but he was able to ensure tolerance
(for a while). His legacy would be a succession of Britain-
based heresies such as Pelagian Heresy, which prospered
in the 5th century. Its tenets stated man was innately
good, contradicting the accepted concept of "original
sin." This heresy was subsequently eradicated among
mortals but it retained a grip on the Kindred population
until the Reformation as a compromise religion tolerated
by anti-Christian Mithras.

The withdrawal of Roman troops to assist the gen-
eral Stilicho undermined Mithras's power base, removing
many of his military adherents. Whether this was a
deliberate undermining of his position by the Cainites of
Rome or simply a side effect of mortal actions is unclear,
though my lord prince has expressed belief that it was the
former. With Britain marginalized, many young Cainites
turned their anger on the prince, anda veritable civil war
raged across Britain with London at its heart. The blood-

LONDON BY MIGHT A ke ™" _"™

ee neg ees

ba

=i


letting shattered the Cainite power structure as mortal
institutions likewise dissolved. Although victorious,
Prince Mithras succumbed to torpor, leaving the surviv-
ing Cainites to deal with the period of retrenchment
later known as the Dark Ages, fighting among them-
selves and beset by their foes all the while.

Time of Troubles

With the collapse of the Roman government and
the British economy, the population largely abandoned
urban sites such as London in favor of smaller rural
settlements. A few hardy souls eked out an existence in
the city, its value as a port and trading center still
recognized by some. Abandoned structures provided
numerous lairs for vampires seeking to carve out their
own domains, butalso sheltered beings inimical to Caine's
childer, such as Lupines, who prospered in this era of
chaos. Civil war wracked the land, but by 445 the warlord
Vortigern had seized effective control over Britain and
authorized the remaining nobles to hire mercenaries —
mostly of Saxon and Jutish origin — to defend their
holdings. Legend has it that the first of these guardians
were the brothers Hengist and Horsa, accompanied by
"three keels" of warriors; their arrival was later chronicled
as the adventus Saxonum — the arrival of the Saxons.
Known as foederati, these warriors were initially loyal to
their employers, but it soon became apparent that while
the Romano-British ruled, true power lay with the troops.
Having been granted land by Vortigern for services
rendered, the "Saxons" (Hengist and Horsa were actu-
ally Jutes) established themselves in what is now Kent
and soon came to govern their lands as kings, inviting
their fellows to join them from across the sea. This
brought them into conflict with Vortigern, who fought
a campaign against them before eventually being forced
to grant Hengist — Horsa died in 455 — the lands now
known as Sussex and Essex (the 'South Saxon" and "East
Saxon" lands respectively). Cainites accompanied the
colonists, principally Gangrel, but some Brujah followed
as well. When exactly London fell to the Saxons is
unknown, but it seems likely the town (which was nota
major settlement at the time) came under their authority
in the late 5th century, presumably around the time of
the land grant to Hengist.

Attempts to broker a peace with the guardians-
turned-invaders came to naught; the supposed massacre
of more than three hundred nobles at a peace conference
perhaps represented the feeling of betrayal that per-
vaded. War raged by night as well as day as the Saxon
Kindred sought to establish their own dominions at the
expense of Roman and Celtic kin. Many Britons —
including Kindred — fled to Brittany (Little Britain)

where they struggled against another group of invaders,
the Franks, but some stayed and fought the Saxons. The
first of these war leaders was Ambrosius Aurelianus,
whose use of cavalry and Roman tactics helped stem the
Saxon tide for a while. His successor had even more
success, dealing a crushing blow to the invaders in the
west of England, driving them back toward the North
Sea. This warrior, called by some Arturos — Arthur —
gained a fearsome reputation, much of which has been
glossed over by the writings of Chretien de Troyes and
Thomas Mallory. He wasn't chivalrous — that is a
medieval conceit — but rather did what he needed to do,
a true warrior of Mithras though he had the misfortune
to live in a time when our lord prince was not active.

Arthur's base of operations is known to legend as
Camelot, though its exact location is a mystery. Some
suggest the fortifications of Cadbury, others the rocky
outcrop of Tintagel, or even the Roman city of
Camolodunum, now known as Colchester, which was
known to be in Saxon hands at the time and is thus an
unlikely candidate. Some antiquarians have claimed
London was Camelot, and several Kindred extant at the
time have confirmed the town was reoccupied briefly, its
walls reinforced against the invaders. They say, however,
that like much of the Arthurian legend Camelot is a
myth, a fabrication imagined in the grim nights that
followed.

Arthur's peace did not stop the conflict among the
Kindred, though the pattern of conflict became increas-
ingly complex. Where once Saxon fought Briton, by the
end of Arthur's rule (allegedly in 542) a conflict was as
likely to be between Saxon or British Kindred as it was to
cross such lines. The result was a fragmented hodgepodge
of domains, and little information about that time sur-
vives. We know St. Augustine arrived in Britain around
597, was received by King Aethelberht at Canterbury,
and was allowed to preach in the kingdom. His monas-
tery-church there became the center of the Christian
faith in the Saxon lands, but he also founded the See of
London in 604, building the first Cathedral of St. Paul.
The people of London were not eager converts to Chris-
tianity, their pagan roots continually reasserting
themselves, though eventually the city and its inhabit-
ants did accept the Church of Rome. The growth of the
Church brought with it the same parasites that plagued
Rome's satellites — the Lasombra and Toreador — but
the fragmented nature of the Saxon lands hampered
their expansion.

By the early 9th century, the Saxon kingdoms had
solidified their grasp on power, but it wasn't until 779
that Offa, King of Mercia, would be accepted as Bretwalda,
the lord of all Angle-land (England). London, known as

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME


BF,

6

eS

Lundenwic, remained aloof in this conflict, serving as a
pseudo-independent port (notionally under Mercian
rule) situated between what is now The City and
Westminster. The wealth of the city attracted raiders,
with Viking ships attacking in 842 and again in 851. The
first defense was successful, if somewhat bloody, but in
the second attack the Scandinavians prevailed, sacking
the city, burning the Saxon buildings and slaughtering
many of the occupants. Cainite fought Cainite in that
bloody conflict, with many meeting Final Death or
fleeing under the effects of the Red Fear. The invaders
left, but returned a dozen years later in an effort to seize
Mercia for themselves. For a decade the city remained in
Danish Viking hands, but in 883 Alfred of Wessex
besieged the city, regaining it for his kingdom in 886.
London, though on the frontier between the Danish and
Saxon lands, was already a symbol of power in England;
control of the city was a sign of dominance in the
ongoing struggle. The city's occupants, mortal and
Cainite, came to understand their significance in the
grand scheme of things, a conceit that has only grown
over the millennia. Indeed, in the 11thcentury it was the
councilors of London who chose the next king — the
concept of a hereditary monarchy was an alien ideal for
the next half-century.

Although largely forgotten by the mortals, the former
kingdoms remained in the hearts of the Kindred popula-
tion, with the attendant power structures forming the
basis of regional lordships that would become the fiefs of
Britain over the next two centuries. In these proto-fiefs,
the concepts of Roman, Saxon, Celtic and Danish were
forgotten, replaced with a sense of alliance (if not ami-
ability) among the inhabitants. A Cainite might call
himself a Gloucesterman, a Londoner or a subject of
Lincoln, rather than an English or Danish Kindred,
finding his own niche in the power structure.

Fires had always been a regular problem in Saxon
towns, but the fire of 959 — which was followed by a
plague — was hard on London, destroying St. Paul's. The
city remained capable of defending itself, as Danish
raiders found to their peril. Indeed, by the late 10th
century London had its own army, existing more as a
city-state than a dependant city. For all its martial
strength, however, it was unable to resist the full might
of the Danes, and in 1013 the city fell to Sweyn. The
Saxon King Aethelred returned a year later with Norwe-
gian allies, destroying London Bridge and waging a
three-year campaign for control of England.

The construction of the Church of St. Peter on
Thorney Island at Westminster, later known as
Westminster Abbey, was the last great Saxon endeavor
in London, begun in 1050 by Edward the Confessor and

LONDON BY NIGHT

s

continuing for the next half-millennium. Edward's death
in 1066 triggered a cataclysmic change in the fortunes of
London and England, and the repercussions shook Eu-
rope. Although William, Duke of Normandy, claimed
the Kingship, Harold Godwinson of Wessex succeeded
Edward the day after the Confessor died. Harold knew
that Duke William would likely attempt to seize the
throne, but he faced a more pressing problem in the form
of his estranged brother, Tostig, who had allied with
Harold Hadrada of Norway. The Norwegian force landed
in Yorkshire and Harold marched north to face them,
defeating them soundly at Stamford Bridge. The last
Saxon King then force-marched his army south; William's
Normans had landed at Pevensey in Sussex while Harold
battled the Norwegians. William could have struck at
London but his advisors urged caution, allowing the
weary Saxon army to come to them in terrain that would
suit their cavalry. Harold took on provisions in the
capital but did not wait for reinforcements to arrive,
presumably attempting to surprise the Normans as he
had Tostig and Hadrada. The gambit failed, and Harold
was brought to battle on what would later be called
Senlac ("bloody lake"; its original name was Santlach, or
"sandy stream"). The ending is known to all children
raised in England, drummed into them from an early age:
Thrice the invaders were pushed back, but eventually
the Norman invaders overran the Saxon defenders.
According to a legend scorned by those (like Valerius)
who were present at the battle, Harold fell, his eye
transfixed by an arrow. The Saxon forces broke and the
Normans won the day, ushering in a new era of subjuga-
tion for England.

What mortal history does not recount is the vampiric
involvement in the campaign, particularly on the Norman
side. The Ventrue Roald Snakeyes had been a major
force behind the support of Normandy under the former-
Viking dukes, and he allied with Geoffrey of Calais and
Liseult de Taine to expand their domains into weakly
governed England. Their plan was successful and "the
Triumvirate" set about consolidating power, manipulat-
ing mortal and Cainite conflicts to strengthen their
position. Their support, or its withholding, often made
the difference between a viable Kindred domain or one
that would fall to Lupines or other foes. Those who
displeased the Triumvirate found their lands beset by
mortal strife, their havens betrayed to mortal hunters.

The Normans advanced on London with great care,
securing a broad swathe of land before taking control of
the capital itself. Duke William of Normandy was crowned
William I on Christmas Day, 1066, and immediately set
about building fortifications to strengthen his grip, es-
tablishing a wooden fort on the low hill east of the city

a


ey

—

—

ae

ee AL
= *

¢

a in a

eh ee |

(later known as Tower Hill). In 1069-70 (at the instiga-
tion, it is claimed, of Countess Liseult) he dispatched
forces to "harry the north," bringing to heel a population
that resisted his rule. The bloody carnage that ensued
accomplished his desires, but also had an unforeseen
(and for the Triumvirate, deadly) side effect. In the far
north, near the Scottish Border, Mithras awoke.

The First Empire

The former prince of London was in no rush — what
are a few years when you are two millennia old? He did
not return to his city until 1085, after gathering his
strength in the borderlands. What he found surprised
him — the Roman Empire was long gone, and the city's
new Cainite lords were hostile to his presence. They
burned his temple, forcing the Methuselah to flee to the
countryside, then sought to shore up their suddenly
precarious positions. With a little nudging from Mithras,
the Triumvirate descended into bickering and distrust,
each accusing the others of plotting with the former
prince to elevate themselves. This distrust spilled over
into a small-scale civil war among the Kindred, each
sniping at the others while lesser Kindred sought to take
advantage of the confusion. This conflict mirrored that
of the mortal world between the sons of William the
Conqueror, a dispute that turned vicious in both En-

& avi . me. as s h ee 2
STAN Aat VE
a a 2 3 FE

*
2 ,
el

7
sso

-
vd

gland and Normandy. William Rufus succeeded the
Conqueror; then Henry I succeeded him. When Henry's
heir died in the wreck of the White Ship, England
degenerated into chaos by both day and night.

The civil war between Stephen, Henry's nephew,
and "Empress" Matilda, Henry's daughter (her first hus-
band had been the Holy Roman Emperor, the second the
Duke of Anjou), ranged far and wide. Mithras and other
ambitious Cainites exploited this conflict — known as
the Anarchy — to advance their positions. As the
mortals jockeyed for support of the nobles, so Mithras
made deals with the Cainite lords who claimed the
outlying fiefs. The war provided the prince with the ideal
opportunity to eliminate his rivals: The initial battles of
the Anarchy resulted in the Final Death of Baron Geoffrey
at Winchester, and the assassination of Liseult de Taine
was disguised as a Lupine assault. Matilda reigned briefly
and disastrously in 1141 after capturing Stephen at
Lincoln, and was quickly deposed after a popular upris-
ing. Stephen's forces gained the advantage at the Battle
of Farringdon, routing the Empress' forces, but the ad-
vantage was short-lived. The involvement of Matilda's
son, Henry of Anjou, also called Plantagenet, proved
decisive, and his invasion of 1153 finally brought Stephen
to heel and left him little choice but to acknowledge
Henry as his heir. To Mithras' gratification, the assaults

The Death of Thomas A Becket

Many years ago I spoke to Adrian of the Toreador, once a most influential member of the Cainite Heresy
in the British Isles before the Reformation gelded it. He told me the tale of Thomas Becket, one-time friend
and confidant of Henry II, who served as Chancellor of England before being raised to the Archbishopric of
Canterbury, part of the "old boys' network" the two had going. Henry expected Becket to be a tame puppet,
enhancing his influence over the Church in England, but instead Becket underwent some sort of epiphany,
resigning his secular posts and attempting to block Henry's efforts to reform Canon Law, which, until then,
took precedence over Civil Law. That primacy meant the priests could sidestep many of the offences of secular
j law, and gain vastly reduced punishments when someone did manage to convict them of acrime. If you think
‘ the nobility was made up of scoundrels, you should study the medieval clergy.

Henry sought to change this, proposing the Constitutions of Clarendon that reduced the Church's
authority and sought to give the Crown the right to defend its interests. Becket rejected this and the squabble
. that followed shattered what little remained of their relationship. Becket was exiled, but eventually in 1170
a compromise was reached that allowed both to salvage something of their pride. Unfortunately, Becket was
even more pigheaded than people thought and changed his mind at the last moment, prompting Henry to
utter the immortal phrase — according to Shakespeare at least — "Who will rid me of this meddlesome
priest?" A group of knights took it on their own heads to remedy the situation and set off to Canterbury to
"persuade" the archbishop. Things became messy. Over the years, I've heard rumors that "Saint" Thomas
received the Embrace, but Adrian assures me that wasn't the case. Evena Malkavian would struggle to operate
' with that much of his brain spread across the flagstones. Henry was, of course, filled with remorse. Hair shirts,
pilgrimages, that sort of thing. Did Henry order it? His wife, Eleanor, seemed to think so and she —a fairly
nasty piece of work in her own right — thought it was a bit too much. Occasionally, even we Kindred can

learn from the kine...

also led to the death of Roald Snakeyes. With the last of

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME

ee i innit

7, s . -

&)


=i'

20

LONDON BY NIGHT

a TS SE

. " ,

the Triumvirate defeated, Mithras entered London in
triumph in 1154. The Cainite barons acknowledged his
claim and, thanks to his negotiations, recognized Lon-
don and its prince as their feudal overlord. To all intents,
Mithras ruled the English nights, his influence extend-
ing throughout the Angevin domains in France to the
Pyrenees.

The lands under Mithras's influence were called the
Court of Avalon; it was the largest and most influential
Kindred institution of the age, though the prince's influ-
ence wasn't as all-encompassing as one might have
thought. The Toreador dominated the patchwork duch-
ies of France, and the lands brought into the empire by
Henry's marriage to Eleanor of Aquitaine resisted
Mithras's authority, falling instead under the Parisian
domains. Mithras tried briefly to exert his dominance in
France but, being more than occupied with London and
his English fiefs, made a deal with the Toreador who
claimed the lands as her domain and whom he recog-
nized as "Queen" of Anjou — albeit notionally
subordinate to his own princedom in London. This done,
Mithras largely forgot about France save for Normandy.
The civil strife that took place as Henry's sons sought to
depose him bothered the prince little — Melusine, the
queen of Anjou, used the conflict to strike at him but he
dealt handily with her pawns, and Cainite society con-
tinued to operate normally. The prince scarcely noticed
when Richard, called "Coeur de Lion," assumed the
throne. That the Angevin rulers were hardly in England,
and when they were they were often on a "progress"
around the lands of their vassals and thus away from
London, was a major boon to Prince Mithras, affording
him greater freedom of action when he chose to manipu-
late mortal institutions. This absentee rulership came to
a head during Richard's reign — the king spent only
eight months of his ten-year rule in England — fostering
corruption in the mortal world and advancing the cause
of the king's younger brother, John.

John bought support with lavish promises. One of
the most significant, made during his revolt in 1191, was
the inalienable right of the city to be aself-governing and
self-electing city-state. This was not actually a new
development, but rather a formal recognition of the
situation that already existed. The core principle was
that the city could elect its own mayor, the first of whom,
Henry Fitz-Ailwin, served until 1212. Together with his
council, the mayor governed the city (eventually from
the Guildhall, founded in 1414), employing full-time
clerks and lawyers to oversee its affairs.

Prince John's excesses — most notably he sought to
extort ever-higher taxes and depose those who opposed
his "regency" — prompted a series of mortal troubles, and

Mie |
2 ra!
ALLA LUPO Be NIELS

b pu 2
several young Cainites (Brujah, as ever, with a handful of
turgid Malkavians) sought to exploit the situation. Ini-
tially, these rebels targeted the fiefs of Lincoln and
Canterbury, and the 10-year insurrection denuded the
barons' resources. Eventually, the Cainite nobles called
on London for assistance, prompting Mithras to dispatch
a number of agents. Many of the brigands met Final
Death at the hands of the prince's agents, but the most
influential, one Robin Leeland, was merely driven into
torpor for several decades. He would later emerge as a
major thorn in the prince's side in the late 14th century.
King Richard died at Chalus in 1199 and was formally
succeeded by John. The new king's nickname —
Lackland, as his father had not willed him any property
— was about to come horribly true.

New Wars

At the opposite end of Europe, the bloody events of
the Fourth Crusade in 1204 suddenly changed the rules
of Kindred politics. The fall of Michael in Constantinople,
together with the reemergence of Mithras and Melusine
signaled the end of the Long Night. Instead, anew era —
the War of Princes — had begun, pitting Cainite lords
against each other under the chaos of mortal conflict.
The King of France, Phillip Augustus, staged major
assaults on the Angevin holdings of Normandy, Poitou,
Brittany and Anjou. As mortal armies fought by day —
or more accurately the Angevin troops routed or ac-
cepted their new lords — the Plantagenet Kindred of the
Angevin territories staged a more spirited, if no less
futile, defense of their lands. This nighttime war lasted
for much of the year but when Mithras, safe in London,
refused to send aid to "his" lands, many of the Kindred
turned coat or withdrew. This aggravated the relation-
ship between Mithras and his French subjects — never
particularly strong — and the ill feeling spread to other ~
noble Kindred.

This first major crisis of the prince's tenure festered
for several years, though it never matched the downward
spiral of his mortal equivalent's reign. John was excom-
municated in 1208 and England placed under papal
interdict, a result of a dispute over the new Archbishop
of Canterbury. John found a way around this by signing
away his right to rule to the Pope and accepting the lands
back as a vassal of Rome. This gave the barons, mortal
and Cainite, ideas, and both presented a series of de-
mands to their leaders. Sporadic outbreaks of vampiric
violence broke out as hotheads sought to exploit the
situation, manipulated by the malign influence of the
undead Queen of Anjou, but Mithras preempted further
violence with the Rose Treaty, a Cainite equivalent of
the Magna Carta. This provided the barons with the


reall

q
ti
MEE LALUEEY

The Fiefs of Avalon in the Victorian Era

The fiefs of England have formed the Court of
Avalon since the nights of the Norman Conquest,

mi |
Wy

swat i aN en hentia

supremacy, their massive economic might almost
unimagined by those in the south. Much of North

A) disparate lordships brought together under Mithras' Wales me und aepeinef's sree aie yynedd
\ aegis to form a cohesive, albeit imperfect, vampiric was broken by Edward Longshanks' campaigns.
Gh domain. Wales, Scotland and Ireland form satellite ° Exeter
: fiefs to the primary domain, their involvement with Of all the fiefs, Exeter has changed least over the
the prince and the other fiefs waxing and waning Centuries. It remains a largely rural domain with little
throughout the last millennium. to offer Victorian Kindred.
™London © Severn (Gloucester)
| The Fief of London is the heart of the Court of The Fief of Gloucester (now renamed Severn)
| Avalon, home to Mithras' domain and many institu € compasses lands formerly regarded as part of the
tions of mortal government. The city of London is the Welsh courts (Deheubarth), grouping them together
focus of the fief, but the towns of Colchester and St. im an industrial supra-fief after the depredations of
| Albans play a major role in mortal and Cainite society, William Biltmore (see below) in the 1850s.
as do the surrounding counties. ° Lincoln
| ¢ Birmingham Lincoln has struggled to meet the challenges of
: A new fief carved from Chester, Gloucester and the modern age, though several of its cities are major
: Lincoln, the Fief of Birmingham emerged during the manufacturing centers. However, only
| Industrial Revolution as the West-Midlands became Nottinghamshire has prospered, with Lincolnshire
heavily industrialized and its population boomed. remaining principally a rural domain.
e Winchester (Glastonbury) ¢ Norwich
The Fief of Winchester, formally headquartered at The Fief of Norwich has long been a land of
Glastonbury, is the most mystical of those in England, anarchy and has had little chance to exploit the
encompassing Stonehenge, Avebury and the Cerne Changes of recent centuries. It remains a largely rural
Giant. Winchester stands in lingering opposition to fea, with only a scattering of urban centers.
London; a major Tremere presence remains in the fief, ° Powys
and it was once the seat of Melusine of Anjou. The only surviving Welsh fief, Powys is a wild
e York land, still home to Lupines. It offers little succor to the
Once a major ecclesiastical center, the focus of Kindred.
power in York has shifted since the Industrial Revolu- ° Glasgow
tion, moving to the manufacturing centers of Leeds A schism within the leadership of Edinburgh led
‘ and Bradford. The Kindred inhabitants of the fief to the creation of the Fief of Glasgow in 1824, cen-
A retain the strong edge of independence that has char- tered on the industrial plants along the Clyde. It

acterized them since medieval nights.

° Canterbury

The importance of Canterbury has dwindled since
the Reformation but it remains an important part of
the Court of Avalon, both spiritually and as a focus of
trade with the continent.

© Newcastle (Carlisle)

Like many of the northern domains, the focus and
character of this fief has changed over the last two
centuries. Now centered on Newcastle, its focus is
mining and heavy industry, notably shipbuilding,
though it remains one of the most rural fiefs.

e Manchester/Liverpool (Chester)

Although Birmingham is England's second city,
the growing industrial centers of Manchester and
Liverpool are the focus for opposition to London's

remains, however, an unstable fief, fractured by
internecine struggles.

e Edinburgh

The Toreador capital, Edinburgh's power has
waned since the Act of Union brought Scotland and
England together as a single entity and focused the
government in London. Nonetheless, it remains a
center of culture and learning.

e Ulster

The most pro-London of the Irish fiefs, Ulster
benefits from strong links to Glasgow and Liverpool.

e Connachta (Dublin)

Dublin is the center of the opposition to London's
mortal dominance of the British Isles and is the only
British city whose leader Mithras recognizes as an
independent prince.

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME


a a I OO ot ay JI oy 7

=.

assurances they needed, solidifying their authority over
their fiefs and diminishing the prince's influence. The Clash of Titans
main provision prevented Mithras from fielding his own
forces beyond a small personal bodyguard, instead bind-
ing the barons to the prince, some by loyalty and others
by blood oaths, and requiring them to defend the capital.
Self-interest prevented the barons from uniting against
London, and the prince skillfully manipulated his feudal
subordinates, playing off their rivalries and ambitions for
almost fifty years before another round of conflict
prompted a revision of the treaty.

King John's signing of the Magna Carta was much
less successful — the barons continued to rebel against
him, and eventually they called on the forces of the
French king to aid them. Several leading Londoners,
distressed by oppressive taxation and John's abrogation
of the city's rights, invited Louis to take the throne in
_ 1216. However, the French king's efforts stalled at Lin-
| coln the following year, and John's death at Newark
# removed much of the baronial support (and the support

of the Londoners). Louis had little choice but to depart,
though he did so considerably richer than when he
arrived.

The arrival of the second godlike individual
went unnoticed at first; the dark stranger's predilec-
tion for operating during the day allowed him to
avoid contact with the Cainite population. In the
summer of 1212, several neonates disappeared with-
out trace, and though their sires protested to Mithras,
little was done. The prince knew that casualties
were an inevitable part of the War of Princes.
However, when the number of disappearances esca-
lated, he called upon Athelwulf, his warlord, to
investigate. Athelwulf quickly ascertained that the
disappearances took place during the day, which
largely ruled out other vampires. The perpetrator
crept into havens and dragged the occupants into
the sun. The warlord's mortal agents soon identified
the slayer — a tall, dark man with one eye — but
they were defeated when they approached him, and
barely escaped with their lives.

Athelwulf conceived a plan whereby he would
turn the tables on the interloper, surprising him at
night in his lodgings. That part of the plan went
well, but the Gangrel found that despite his phe-
nomenal martial prowess, the dark man was stronger. f
He fled into the night, slowly making his way to

The Toreador sought to use the mortal conflict to
usurp Mithras's authority, but the prince's bodyguard
and the forces of the fiefs secured London against their

efforts, leaving several prominent Toreador staked in the Mithras' haven. Unbeknownst to him, the dark
sun as a warning against further efforts. Indeed, the only stranger followed and for the first time met the
achievement of the Toreador efforts was to solidify Methuselah Wha-claimed the d@maine Ginlike his
support behind the prince. Mortal support likewise lieutenant, Mithras knew the tales of this man, the
strengthened behind the boy-king — Henry III was only dark avenger, and knew there could be no peace

nine years old — and Mithras took the unusual step of between them. The man was Horus the undying, as
. . . . af ,
pronouncing that any Cainite who sought to influence powerful as the prince — if not more so.

the boy would answer to him personally. Although he I gather itewasaisight to Mehait eur batee |

~~ made a general pronouncement, Mithras intended the Betweenthe twa bodlines. Mithrasue @ figer, but

WAY message for Melusine of Anjou, whose hands he had seen Honus wa estae They raneéd far age te first one

in the efforts against his primacy. Having established then dhe lather aliting tHe advantae may astating
§ _ herself as the head of the Fief of Winchester, the queen lee.

h blic of hi aeee el wal parts of the city as they went and igniting a grand
is ee ee ee conflagration. Eventually they reached the Tower

ee BEATE aN oe ish ae of London, its defenses much expanded during
elusine's tacit alliance with the Tremere who reside Richard's keign, and/fousht on ‘thesbapkea rt the

in her fief; Mithras had banned them from London and Thatiet vest what ithe modentiVietsnn ain ts
discouraged their presence in England. The Rose Treaty Pogeer HillsdOnly theltoming. of dawatfotaed the

hampered the prince's efforts to undermine Melusine's ,
np P ; combatants to part, Mithras seeking shelter from
position and his efforts only served to build resentment
the sun and Horus seeking succor — he was

4) against his influence. In 1249, tensions among the Uinfathamably powerful buetiekindicould dre ley

Cainites erupted into a low-scale war, as the fiefs of York ,
P : ; swore the fight was not over, and went their separate |

ways. The vampire slayings dwindled over the next
few months; the wariness of the Cainites made
Horus' task harder, and eventually the undying lord
abandoned the city, preferring to focus his war on
the Children of Set descended from his uncle.

Carlisle and Winchester protested the prince's abuses of
power. Surprisingly, the Tremere stayed out of the con-
flict — they did not desire open conflict with London,
and Meerlinda blocked efforts to organize the Winches-
ter Tremere into taking action against the prince. She

LONDON BY NIGHT

CAD


4 won settee
| wy) = mo) 2B fy 47 {) 4 VE >)
o> .. _ niece, H! yi Wm ia i
wy OMEN EAA aoe 2]
+
\ A knew that doing so would invite a devastating response,
i  ~— something she was not yet prepared to handle.
>) The Cainite barons' revolt fizzled out for a short ce
D while, as Mithras adopted a less confrontational ap-
| proach with the fiefs, but the northern fiefs exploited ‘
| ) mortal concerns that had been brewing since the signing
of Magna Carta to re-ignite the nocturnal conflict along- hi /) a
§ — side the mortal strife. King Henry's ineptitude led to the Al \ >
| Provisions of Oxford, which greatly enhanced the bar- \\

: ons' powers at the expense of the king and were grudgingly

accepted by the king and his son, Edward. The Provisions

} of Westminster, which required the barons to accept
reforms on behalf of their tenants, were less well received
by those to whom they applied.

When open conflict erupted between the king and
the barons in 1263, London threw its lot in with the
latter. This angered Prince Edward, who took every
opportunity to slight the city and its representatives,

} costing the king the Battle of Lewes the following year.
The rebels, lead by Simon de Montfort, captured Edward
and became the de facto governing body. The prince
escaped, however, winning a stunning victory at
Kenilworth and slaying the rebel leader at Evesham in
1265. King Henry allowed Edward effective control over
the government, but this only served to prolong the
conflict until 1267, since Edward's harsh policies contin-
ued to alienate the barons and London. The prince took
up the cross in 1268, departing on a Crusade to the Holy
Land; he was on his way home from Acre when he
learned of his father's death. Perhaps surprisingly, the
barons accepted his accession without qualms, as his
choice of advisors and a general mellowing repaired the
damage of the civil war. In fact, most of his reign proved
profitable for the kingdom and London, including a
number of constitutional reforms to consolidate legal
and administrative matters. The Statute of Winchester -
contained provisions for maintaining public order and ~
§ other statutes governed trade and government institu-
tions. Edward made particular use of Parliaments,
organizations which had come to the fore during the
latter years of his father's reign and which would hence-
forth beacornerstone of English politics —and something
the vampiric lords pushed their mortal pawns to exploit.
The king also sought to reinforce the tenets of feudalism,
which was already beginning to fade, though his efforts ~
were counterproductive and served to hasten feudalism's
end in favor of true nationhood.

Although little changed among the Kindred, the
revolt demonstrated that the fiefs would not sit idly by as
London and Mithras sought to dominate English affairs.
In response, the prince expanded the Privy Council, the
body of Cainite nobles who advised him, to include all

CHAPTER p LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME

‘ng Pinas hah? 9 ao:


j z
a b . 1 sy T

ae

24
the barons of the English fiefs. He also invited the
representative of Bordeaux to join his inner circle, mak-
ing the Privy Council more akin to the Grand Council,
the conclave of all the British Cainite leaders, which
remained distinct due to the presence of Scottish, Welsh
and Irish representatives. This arrangement would re-
main in place until the mid-seventeenth century and the
Great Revolt.

Many London Kindred regarded these developments
with a detached aplomb, believing the reforms would be
short-lived and that government would soon revert to
feudalism. Older, more experienced Cainites such as the
prince were less sure. They knew that feudalism was a
relatively new invention, certainly when compared to
democracy; though when a young Brujah suggested that
a parliamentary system be adopted for the Kindred of
London, the result was predictably bloody.

Mithras admired King Edward's military campaigns,
departing London for a time to study the campaigns in
Wales in the 1270s and 80s, leaving Thomas Camden,
his seneschal, as London's Kindred overlord. Edward's
forces reminded Mithras of events a thousand years
earlier when Roman legions moved against the Celtic
fastnesses of Mona (Angelsey). Edward's French and
subsequent Scottish campaigns against William Wallace
and Robert the Bruce were less to Mithras's tastes — the
autocratic nature of the king was perhaps too close to the
prince's own for comfort. Instead, Mithras returned to
London where he remained until the Black Death. The
disease, which ravaged England in the mid-14th century,
arrived in London in 1348. It killed almost a third of the
city's population. To their horror, the Kindred discov-
ered they were not wholly immune to the plague's effects,
and a number of neonates quickly succumbed to its
symptoms. Having been somewhat relaxed about man-
aging the city's vampiric population — a number of
Tremere and Setites had established havens in the late
13th century — Mithras re-exerted his dominance with
ruthless efficiency. He expelled the Tremere and Setites,
blaming them for the plague, and imposed harsh penal-
ties for those failing to present themselves to him on
their arrival in the city. Although the prince's actions
relieved his anger, they did nothing to stem the Black
Death, and more Kindred and kine succumbed. The
most prominent of these was Richard de Worde, his
Nosferatu spymaster, who contracted the disease while
Embracing an infected monk.

The Dawn of a New Age

The Hundred Years War (1337-1453) marked ef-
forts by mortal authorities to regain the lands lost by John
Lackland a century earlier. A few adventurous Kindred

LONDON BY NIGHT

, j
i s a?
POMEL AL IO IAE beak A he od)

ci Ho A aa cee nd a eth

mle

(ers the armies onto the continent, particularly
during the French and Castilian campaigns of Edward
the "Black Prince," the militaristic son of Edward III; but
Mithras discouraged such foolhardiness, not wishing to
provoke a response from the French Cainites. The con-
flict ebbed and flowed, as internal problems (including
the Peasant's Revolt in England) distracted the combat-
ants.

The Peasant's Revolt was caused by a harsh poll tax
imposed in 1381, though it also reflected the general
dissatisfaction among the working classes since the Black
Death. The massive reduction in the workforce caused
by the pandemic had greatly increased the demand for
labor, and many workers felt their recompense was insuf-
ficient. Indeed, the Statute of Laborers, issued in 1351,
attempted to fix the maximum wages they could earn.
The focus of the conflict was London, where rebels, led
by Wat Tyler and Jack Straw among others, converged in
June. The king, Richard II, had little choice but to
negotiate. He met a group under Tyler's leadership at
Mile End, agreeing to free trade and the abolition of
serfdom. Meanwhile, a second group of rebels forced the
surrender of the Tower of London, slaying the chancellor
and treasurer whom the rebels blamed for the taxes.
Despite the treacherous slaying of Tyler at Mile End, the
king persuaded the rebels to disperse, though once the
crisis was over his promises were conveniently forgotten.

A number of Brujah provided the rebels with assis-
tance, seeking to undermine the authority of both the
king and the Kindred prince. The key agitator was Robin
Leeland, the brigand who had led the Brujah revolts of
the late 12th century. Seeing great potential in Patricia
of Bollingbroke, Wat Tyler's mistress, Leeland rescued
and Embraced her; she would later adopt her lover's
name and play a major role in the Anarch Movement. _
For ashort time Patricia worked with Leeland against the
Kindred nobility and in support of the peasant cause, but
dissatisfaction prompted her to abandon England. Leeland
continued the struggle, eliminating several high-rank-
ing Kindred and making unlife difficult for the Cainite
nobility by stirring up the mortal masses. He threw his lot
in with the Lollard heretics, encouraging the spread of
John Wycliffe's views (notably disbelief in the transub-
stantiation of flesh, belief that the clergy were corrupt,
and use of a bible translated into English to allow anyone
to read the Testaments). Henry IV, who became king in
1399, had little tolerance for heresy, and Leeland's
efforts to stir up trouble ensured harsh repression. In
1401, a law, the Statute De Heretico Comburendo, was
passed to allow the burning of heretics, and the martyr-
dom of several Lollards led to an uprising in 1414 and
severe reprisals from the king. Although dismissive of

aft ati


CS

"¥
De »

ie en a

<

y aa er"
an i —
SINTON ry "pe
S penal ciachetented teh dalens We MAS LEELLS Sy

The Privy Council

The authority to enforce the Traditions in London and the Court of Avalon remains vested solely in the
figure of the prince, but attempting to do so without insight into broader affairs would be tantamount to
suicide. For much of the last eight hundred years, a series of councils have advised the prince, presenting
information and viewpoints from around the nation, though the councils have no decision-making powers.
The most notable of these is the Privy Council, initially comprised of the Barons of Lincoln, York, Carlisle
and Canterbury, as well as representatives of Bordeaux.

In the 1260s, the council was opened up to all the English barons, who had hitherto been relegated to
the secondary Great Council together with provincial representatives. The expansion of the council was a
cunning ploy by Mithras, seeming to concede an advantage to his opponents while strengthening his own
power. The enlarged council gave more baronial Kindred access to the prince, but it also made it nigh on
impossible for him ever to be overruled. Tthe Blood Laws contained a provision for the council to overrule
the prince, but only in the event of a unanimous decision; Mithras' influence over key members of the council
via the blood oath (or, less directly, his warrior cult) ensured this would never happen. Nonetheless, the Privy
Council became a useful forum for the gathering and dissemination of data at monthly gatherings, and served
as a staple of government until the reign of Elizabeth. By that time, however, the barons realized the council's
lack of teeth and were drawn into the Brujah's open rebellion against the established order. The Great Revolt
(the mortal civil wars of the mid-17th century) led to the dissolution of the Privy Council that, together with
the industrial revolution, led to increased regionalization in the centuries that followed.

Indeed, though the Court of Avalon remained extant after the civil wars, and continues to exist tonight,
it is more a polite fiction among the fiefs than any representation of reality. Many of the fiefs barely
acknowledge its existence, particularly those whose commercial and industrial hearts have grown exponen-
tially in the last two centuries, and who pay only lip service to the prince in London. Some Cainite nobles
even dare to style themselves princes, though as William Biltmore found recently, not all get away with it.
(The term "baron" slowly fell out of favor after the formation of the Sabbat, though both the British Kindred
and the anarchs use it to mean the same thing: the preeminent vampire in a city, or in Britain's case, fief.)

Nonetheless, this regionalization has changed the fabric of Kindred society in the British Isles, something the
prince seems ill aware of, to his potential chagrin and ruination.

The Blood Laws

Even before the formation of the Camarilla, English Kindred jurisprudence enshrined the Traditions of
Caine as the "Blood Laws." Prince Mithras used his position as the dominant Kindred of Britain to entwine
the traditions with mortal laws to create a series of clear and unambiguous rules regarding Kindred existence
in England and the lands under his authority.

Minor infractions, particularly involving the Traditions of Domain or Hospitality, usually result in fines
(often as a "blood-tithe" paid to the appropriate baron) or perhaps the blood oath. More serious violations,
often involving the Traditions of Progeny and Accounting, can result in more severe punishments such as
banishment or a blood hunt. Violations of the Traditions of Silence (later the Masquerade) or the Tradition
of Destruction usually draw the most severe penalties — blood hunt or outright destruction — though minor
violations of the Masquerade may receive more lenient punishments.

The creation of the Camarilla changed the Blood Laws little; a few revisions were made to bring the
British version into line with the standard interpretation of the Traditions. Indeed, the Kindred of the British
Isles are unusual in having a written form of the Traditions, particularly one that is geared to the practicalities
of nightly existence rather than simply being abstract concepts learned by rote. Consequently, greater
uniformity of interpretation occurs across the Isles — the definition of infractions of each Tradition in
London will differ little from those in Dublin, as both refer to the same written rules. The formality that
surrounds proceedings throughout the isles also points back to the Blood Laws. They are not simply Kindred
Traditions, but English traditions.

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME


06

eT, md : tig
cain ome

fe Se Sy Rp eS 42 2 te

the laws that were aimed at his people, Leeland silently
applauded the introduction of burning, a punishment
feared even more by Kindred than mortals.

Although guilds had existed since Saxon times, they
became increasingly important in the London political
scene during this period. Money equaled power and
influence, and the labor shortage after the Black Death
increased the value of the guilds. Several times their
economic might allowed them to dictate the composi-
tion of the city council, and in 1397 Richard Whittington
of the Mercer's Guild became the city's elected mayor,
surrounded in the years that followed by a host of
legends. Unbeknownst to Mithras, the Tremere, despite
their exclusion from London, had contacts among the
guilds from the mid-14th century onward, seeking to
subvert the power of the monarchy and, by extension,
the prince.

The Wars of the Roses began in 1455, a series of
dynastic conflicts between the houses of York (whose
emblem was the white rose) and Lancaster (which used
the red rose). The disastrous rule of the Lancastrian
Henry V1 prompted the rival Yorkists to place their Duke
Richard as Protector of the Realm, leading to a back-
and-forth struggle for power. Edward of York was
pronounced king at Westminster in 1461 but this did not
provide a long-term solution; dissent within the House
of York led to renewed fighting in 1469. Edward was
captured in the fighting but escaped, though Yorkist
forces deposed him the following year prompting his
flight to the Netherlands. Edward returned in 1471 and
defeated the Yorkists at Barnet just north of London.
Henry VI was captured and imprisoned in the tower
where he was murdered in May of that year. With Edward
IV's throne secure, peace reigned until 1483 when the
king died and was succeeded by his 9-year-old son,
Edward V, with his uncle Richard, Duke of Gloucester,
acting as regent.

Richard was, however, ambitious, and persuaded
various factions that the young Edward was illegitimate
and that he was the rightful king. An assembly accepted
this argument and the duke became Richard III on June
26. Edward V and his young brother were incarcerated in
the Tower of London, and disappeared in August. Ru-
mors circulated — most likely true — that the new king
had murdered his nephews, and this led to a succession
of revolts that cumulated in the Battle of Bosworth Field
in the summer of 1485. The Lancastrian forces, lead by
Henry Tudor, the Earl of Richmond, were outnumbered,
but the defection of many powerful nobles during the
battle doomed Richard's cause and he fell to the over-
whelming odds. Henry was enthroned as Henry VII,
marrying Edward IV's daughter to unite the Yorkist and

LONDON BY NIGHT

seta ne sails

Mithras and the Camarilla

Although low-level revolutionary activity
had occupied many English Brujah for more than
two centuries, the Anarch Revolt shocked the
prince and his confidants. The assassination and
diablerie of Hardestadt, who was sometimes an
ally and others an opponent, made the prince
concemed for his unlife, and prompted him to
radically strengthen his bodyguard and the de-
fenses around his haven. In 1394, the Ventrue
Hardestadt had proposed a "society of vampires"
to better conceal their existence from mortals.
With the Inquisition in England lacking the
strength and influence of its continental branches,
Mithras was scornful of the proposal, declaiming
that he would "never scurry in the shadows." The
Anarch Revolt that raged through the 15th cen-
tury prompted the prince to reconsider his
position, though he still advocated strength and
defiance rather than deceit and concealment.
Mithras rebuffed the Toreador and Ventrue rep-
resentatives who sought to persuade him to their
cause after the convocation of 1486, and he and
the English Kindred were discounted as members
of the nascent Camarilla.

It was, therefore, something of a surprise to
the gathered assembly when Thomas Camden,
Mithras's seneschal who was attending the con-
vocation in his master's stead, accepted the basic
tenets of the Camarilla. Perhaps it was the
diablerie of the Lasombra Antediluvian and (al-
legedly) Hardestadt that convinced him. Perhaps
it was self-interest and the anarch activity in
England. In either case, London became a locus
of the Camarilla, its Traditions and rules taking
hold among the resident Kindred. Mithras him-
self, however, has never formally accepted the
precepts of the Camarilla, though by and large he
operates within them. Consequently, he has never
been entirely trusted by the Camarilla's Inner
Circle — not that this has worried him. One
interesting side effect of Mithras's position was
that both the Camarilla and the anarchs ac-
cepted England as neutral ground when it came
to finding a venue for the meeting that ended the
AnarchRevolt, the Convention of Thorns, which
took place near Silchester.


— %
‘

MERIAL IO YAS

Lancastrian claims and found the Tudor dynasty. A
century later, William Shakespeare would immortalize
Richard III in his play of the same name, an unsubtle
piece of pro-Tudor character assassination that colored
perceptions of the ex-king henceforth.

Although the War of the Roses was a mortal con-
flict, several of the northern Cainite barons used the
conflict to settle their own scores and to renegotiate the
relationship with London. The prince dispatched his
warlord, Athelwulf, to deal with the insurrection and
protect the nascent Masquerade. The Saxon encoun-
tered the Kindred rebels who accompanied the mortal
forces at Barnet, a few miles north of London. Precisely
what happened is unclear, but on the eve of the mortal
battle, Athelwulf met his Final Death at the hands of
Nathaniel of Carlisle. Angered by the slaying of his
henchman, Mithras personally led a force against the
Lancastrian Cainites. Nathaniel and his associates were
staked out on Hadley Green and left to meet the sun, a
warning to those who would challenge Mithras's author-
ity in his own fief.

The next century wasa time of great progress in both
London and England, as the rule of Henry VII gave way

The Witch Trials

)

‘oe Ne Om Come
CU aa

~ Ph Bs cd satan otal —

4
we

to that of Henry VIII in 1509 and the Renaissance took
hold. William Caxton established his printing press at
Westminster in 1476. This new invention intrigued the
Kindred, who followed the lead of rich merchants and
purchased books on a wide range of subjects. Learning
and sophistication became a central facet of unlife in
London, with libraries appearing in the havens of the
well-to-do.

The young Henry VIII was a powerfully built man
who enjoyed physical pursuits such as hunting, and he
reminded Mithras of himself. In what some later claimed
was a breach of the Masquerade, Mithras occasionally
sparred with the king, disguising himself as the noble
scion of aminor house. Henry's association with Thomas
Wolsey mirrored the prince's own with Thomas Camden,
his seneschal, the two leaders having absolute trust in
their allies. Camden's assassination in 1514 by the
Giovanni greatly angered the prince, who slew the
surviving assassins and used their remains as part of a
ritual to protect Camden's crypt. Mithras's childe, the
Duke of Amber, became the next seneschal, and over the
next few decades he stamped his own mark on the city.

Fear of witchcraft had been prevalent in England since the Middle Ages but responsibility for policing it

lay with the Church and the heresy statutes. In 1542, however, the first Witchcraft Act of England was passed,
making it illegal to be a witch or to associate with them. While to some extent this had the desired deterrent
factor, many so-called witches simply went underground, practicing their art in secret. A second act, passed
in 1563, tightened the restrictions, but it was the 1604 act, initiated during the reign of James I, that is best
known. Under its provisions, numerous witches were burned at the stake, hung, drowned or otherwise
executed. The anti-witch hysteria reached its peak in the mid-17th century during the civil war, with
individuals such as Mathew Hopkins, the Witchfinder General, making a career of hunting down and
executing witches in East Anglia in the mid 1640s.

Although Mithras did not instigate the anti-witch laws, he used Hopkins and others like him to curb the
power of the Tremere (whom the prince falsely believed were broken by the trials), providing the investigators
with subtle (and not so subtle) hints as to the location of the Witches and their agents. Hopkins was, however,
corrupted by the power and wealth his position afforded, fabricating and falsifying evidence where necessary
in order to receive payments (20 shillings per witch) from the towns he "cleansed." His "tests" included binding
suspects and throwing them in the river: If they sank, they were innocent — but drowned — and if they floated
they were guilty. He also exploited the "devil's mark," a blemish believed to be immune to pain, by using a
retractable spike to ensure his victims felt no pain and were thus guilty. Ironically, Hopkins was forced to take
one of his own tests in 1647. He floated, and was sentenced to death.

The frenzy spread to North America with the English colonists, culminating in the Salem Witch Trials
of 1692. The 1604 Witchcraft Act was finally repealed in 1736 during the reign of George II, and execution
was replaced with custodial sentences and placement ina pillory. Prior witchcraft acts will remain in force until
1951, though they are largely ignored in the late 19th century during the occult revival. Nonetheless, a careless
Kindred might find himself accused of witchcraft and be punished accordingly — and must face the wrath of
the prince or his seneschal should he survive the ordeal. While the pillory itself poses few risks to a vampire,
exposure to sunlight will spell his fiery doom. This perhaps explains the miraculous disappearance of several
witches over the years.

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME


Reason, Religion and
Revolution

Amber, Embraced by the prince in one of his waking
periods in the first millennium, was an ambitious and
hard-nosed politician whose secret desire was to claim
the city as his own domain. The prince had been leery of
advancing his childe, particularly after Camden had
warned him of Amber's ambition. The new seneschal's
tenure was unimpressive, but he did oversee a diversifi-
cation of Ventrue interests to incorporate mercantile
investments. Mithras had seen the rising fortunes of the
merchant classes as partially due to Tremere manipula-
tion, and sought to safeguard his own position by
expanding his range of influence. Parliament became the
new political battlefield of the Kindred, this time with
the Brujah as the instigators.

The turbulent reign of Henry VIII saw his break from
Rome to establish a Church of England with the king at
its head. Unlike other acts of "Reformation" in Europe,
the changes in England were for dynastic and political
reasons. The Pope refused to let Henry annul the mar-
riage to his first wife, Catherine of Aragon. By making
himself head of the Church, he gained the power to do so.
Henry's intention was to retain the trappings of Catholi-
cism, but his heir, Edward VI, advocated Protestant
reforms, supported by Thomas Cranmer, a clerical re-
former. When Edward died in 1553 his half-sister, Mary,
ascended to the throne. A staunch Catholic, she earned
the nickname "Bloody Mary" for her brutal suppression
of Protestantism. Cranmer, along with many others, was
burnt as a heretic (for his Protestant faith, but also for
supporting Lady Jane Gray as a protestant alternative to
Mary's enthronement). Mary even considered eliminat-
ing her Protestant half-sister and heir, Elizabeth. When
Mary died in 1558, Elizabeth succeeded to the throne
and, despite opposition from members of the nobility,
pushed through the Act of Uniformity to strike a balance
between the Protestant and Catholic faiths. In 1580,
Pope Gregory authorized the Queen's assassination,
though numerous attempts failed. Spanish efforts to
depose her likewise came to naught, and England en-
tered the seventeenth century as a Protestant country,
albeit one that would not be solidly so until the en-
thronement of William of Orange in 1688.

The Brujah sought to use the mortal struggles of the
Reformation as a means of opening up London's power
structure — hitherto almost all positions of power lay
with the Ventrue — and the political chaos that fol-
lowed certainly dispossessed a number of mortal pawns
who sought to remain true to Rome. The Brujah also

(7 R355. .575 oa

attacked the Ventrue directly, seeking to eliminate sev-
eral prominent individuals and launching a Kindred
civil war in the capital that would last until the end of the
16th century. The religious frictions provided an ideal
cover for this war, and agents of both sides went to the
flames. No small number of Kindred perished too, but
though the Ventrue were weakened, they retained their
dominant influence over the city.

In 1588, Philip of Spain sent a vast fleet to invade
England and depose its "heretic queen," Elizabeth, who
also happened to be his sister-in-law. The English fleet
harried the invaders but it seemed unlikely that they
could prevail. Mithras had no intention of allowing the
Spanish — accompanied, he believed by a number of
Lasombra and Brujah — to seize his domain. What
exactly was done to defeat the armada is unclear: The
Spanish ships were forced to break off the battle in the
English Channel and seek passage around Scotland,
where many were subsequently wrecked in storms. The
appearance of a small Tremere chantry in London in
early 1589 would suggest that Mithras cut some form of
deal with his enemies. Nonetheless, the prince contin-
ued to harass the Warlocks, eventually expelling them
(again) in the mid-17th century.

The Elizabethan age saw England's first faltering
steps to establish colonies in North America, though it
would be until the reign of James I before real efforts were
made in this direction, with the arrival of the Pilgrim
Fathers (a 19th-century term) in Boston. The concept of
new lands far beyond the sea appealed to many young
Kindred eager to build a power base for themselves, but
the practicalities of such a voyage —nine weeks on a
small ship — discouraged all but the most adventurous
from attempting the crossing.

The Brujah-Ventrue civil war changed little in the
capital, but it did distract the prince from affairs else-
where in the country, a task he had delegated to Lord
Amber. How badly distracted he had been — and how
treacherous was Amber's nature — became apparent in
1602 when Elizabeth died and James IV of Scotland was
enthroned as James I of England. Ina single stroke, this
gave the Toreador vast influence over the king, relegat-
ing Mithras to the role of regional lord and making the
Toreador of Edinburgh the "real" national power. Fortu-
nately for the prince, the Toreador were not adept at
manipulating large-scale events and failed to capitalize
on their coup. Indeed, their steadfast determination to
clinging to the monarchy greatly reduced their power,
particularly after the civil war. In a fury, Mithras re-
moved Amber from his office — his association with the
Toreador was now clear, and he barely escaped with his
unlife intact. The prince elevated Valerius, London's


1 he gh a Af ane OD
ks Th Fiske | o L Wes om Ww | Os
a Sy 0 I a > Ce oS Oe, 7 oh oy 8 0

ANN
\\

\\

All the world's a stage ... AY \
The Elizabethan era saw radical changes to the acting \\\ a
profession and theatre in England, particularly in London. AS
Hitherto, troupes had either been itinerant professionals,
touring inn yards and halls, or else amateurs acting out plays
for the gentry and nobility. The development of perma-
nent theatres — the first appeared in 1576 — gave
professional troupes a solid platform for their presentations
andattracteda wide range of clientele. Those with the least
money could stand in front of the stage (as "groundlings"),
while wealthier attendees sat on benches in the surround-
ing galleries or even had private boxes.
By the late 16th and early 17th centuries, anumber of
famous theatres emerged, such as Philip Henseloe's Rose,
FrancisLangley'sSwan,andRichardand Cuthbert Burbage's
Globe, all on Bankside in Southwark. These theatres
staged plays by a variety of authors, notably William
Shakespeare, Philip Marlowe and Ben Jonson. Each the-
atre supported a particular acting troupe — the Admiral's
Menatthe Rose (andits replacement, the Fortune) andthe
Chamberlain's Men at the Globe (including one W.
Shakespeare as both dramatist and player).

This combination of performance art and social spec-
tacle intrigued a number of Kindred, particularly those of
Clan Toreador, and despite the difficulties of attending
plays — in Elizabethan times most plays took place in the
afternoon, to take advantage of the natural conditions in
the open-air playhouses — many become patrons of the
theatrical arts. These undead thespians encouraged Lon-
don as a center of such entertainment and helped theatre
gain respectability in the years that followed, making
London the center of British theatre and a (if not the, until
the 20th century) major contributor to world theatre.
London's West End became famous (and in many cases
infamous) forits theatres, many of which deservedly gained
a reputation for licentiousness — a reputation that once
besmirched the entire profession. The first "modern' the-
atre appeared on Drury Lane in 1663, the Theatre Royal
Drury Lane; it still stands, though it has been rebuilt
numerous times, and remains open in the Victoriannights.
Indeed, since the opening of the theatre and the com-
mencement of nighttime productions by lamplight, a
numberof Kindred have chanced theirskillson the boards,
sometimes "playing fair" and simply acting, at other times
breaching the Masquerade and using Disciplines to en-
hance their performance. The prince has sought to keep
such abuses in check, but allows the thespian Kindred a
degree of leeway. After all, many mortals expect actors to
be a little bit strange, which explains away many of the
Kindred's foibles.


~ oe

30

y i y / ay (ie
i " 5

Oa

warlord since the Battle of Barnet, to the position of
seneschal.

The Toreador's choice of kings was a poor one. James
I was a despotic ruler, a strong believer in absolutism who
frequently clashed with Parliament. Only Parliament's
established power over the raising of taxes kept him in
check, though he never missed an opportunity to ha-
rangue the Commons and Lords regarding his "rights."
James sought to use the courts to circumvent Parliament,
and managed by stealth to undo most of the fiscal good
his predecessor Elizabeth had done. James became in-
creasingly erratic, and the last 18 months of his reign
were managed by his heir, Charles, and the Duke of
Buckingham. Charles's rule — he became king in 1625
— was even harsher than his father's. Although a patron
of the arts, he was shy and unimposing (his portraits are
unduly flattering), and he lacked political sophistica-
tion. Like his father, he hated Parliament. When Charles
attempted to arrest several members of Parliament in
1642, the stage was set for the English Civil Wars.

Remember, Remember, the Fifth of
November. Gunpowder, Treason, and

Dlot.

On November 5, 1605, a group of English
Catholics conspired to blow up Parliament, the
king and his heir. These zealots, seeking to take
over the country in the confusion that would
follow the assassination, smuggled twenty bar-
rels of gunpowder into a cellar under the Palace
of Westminster. One of the conspirators, Francis
Tresham, warned his brother-in-law not to at-
tend Parliament on the fateful day, and the
brother-in-law in turn alerted the authorities.
Another conspirator, Guy Fawkes, was arrested
in the cellars and revealed the identities of his
accomplices. Several were killed trying to es-
cape, and the rest were executed in January of
1606. That same month, Parliament established
the Fifth of November as a day of thanksgiving,
marked ever since with fireworks, bonfires and
the burning of effigies of the conspirators. The
plot also heightened anti-Catholic suspicions,
prompting the imposition of fines on those who
refused to attend Anglican services. In effect, the
Catholic plot worsened their position, though
the Protestant-Catholic issue would haunt the
monarchy for years to come.

LN BY Mat

eid nA SN Ay eno

fe pies eae Amable ome —— sii ant ita

L wa Pipi %
. ahd PANELS

Le

The wars, also known as the Great Revolt, were
fought as much by night as day while the Ventrue sought
to undermine the Toreador hold on the reins of power.
The Ventrue, with surprising allies in the form of the
Brujah, sided with Parliament, while the Toreador chose
toally with the King's cavaliers. When the king raised his
standard at Nottingham, the Toreador of the city stood
behind him, and several other Cainite fiefs gave the king
their support. London, naturally inclined to Parliament,
did not. Indeed, early attempts by the king to establish a
presence in the capital were rebuffed by the militia, with
the addition of a few Ventrue soldiers to deflect the
Toreador accompanying the king. For the next ten years,
the clans' positions remained in a state of constant flux
with numerous advances and regroupings, but Ventrue
efficiency won out over Toreador sentiment. The New
Model Army, developed with Ventrue aid and incorpo-
rating a number of Valerius' and Mithras' retainers,
provided the Parliamentarians with a decisive edge, and
the Royalist gains of 1643 were quickly reversed in the
campaign of 1645. London was never directly threat-
ened. When the king fell into Parliament's hands in
1647, betrayed by the Scots he sought to woo to his side,
the wars seemed over.

As with the Wars of the Roses, however, internal
politics ruined the peace. Distrust reigned with the army
believing neither the king nor Parliament to be entirely
trustworthy. Oliver Cromwell, Member of Parliament
(MP in the argot of the common folk) for Huntingdon,
and his son-in-law, Henry Ireton, attempted to mediate,
seeking to persuade the king to accept the constitutional
reforms Parliament demanded. Cromwell bore the king
no malice, but when Charles fled from Hampton Court
he changed his mind and became a staunch opponent of
the king. Charles prompted a series of Royalist uprisings
and a Scottish invasion, but the insurrections failed and
the king was captured once more. Despite some hesita-
tion, Cromwell accepted the need to try the king and sat
as one of the commissioners. When Charles refused to
cooperate, Cromwell signed his death warrant. Charles
was beheaded outside the Banqueting House in
Westminster on January 30th, 1649. England was de-
clared a commonwealth with Cromwell as head of its
ruling council, but it would be another two years before
the last pockets of Royalist resistance were crushed and
hard-line Puritan groups such as the Levellers (who
sought to "level" the imbalances between rich and poor)
were brought to heel. The army and Parliament contin-
ued to squabble and, after vain attempts at negotiation,
Cromwell used force to dissolve Parliament. He consti-
tuted another, smaller Parliament, but came once more
to the conclusion that it was corrupt. In 1653, after acoup


.
*

title of Lord Protector. He was king in all but name, his
reign lasting until his death in 1658.

The Masquerade teetered on the brink several times
during the Civil War, prompting a major upsurge in
witch trials during the conflict. Several prominent Kin-
dred disappeared during the revolt, perhaps slain or
alternatively withdrawing into torpor. Fearful of what
might happen should the Masquerade be ripped asunder,
the Camarilla dispatched several observers — the Inner
Council regarded Mithras as a borderline supporter of
everything they stood for. Mithras resented this move,
particularly as the principal justicar involved was Violetta
of Paris, childe of Francis Villon, and the prince of Paris
had provided the Royalist Toreador with discrete aid.
The charismatic justicar was, however, able to convince
Prince Mithras of the need to monitor events. Violetta's
mediation eventually brought peace to the warring
Cainites. The Restoration of Charles II in 1661 was a
concession to the artisans, and England's status as a
constitutional monarchy where the real power lay with
Parliament acceded to Ventrue demands. For a few scant
years, peace reigned in London, though a full settlement
would not be reached between the factions until 1692
and the Treaty of Durham.

One result of the Great Revolt was Mithrass' deci-
sion to handle his domain without the direct advice of
the barons. Many had sided with the Toreador and
Royalists (and would continue to do so for the next few
decades as the Ventrue-Toreador war wound down to
the Treaty of Durham) and the councils were ashambles.
Rarely did all the barons attend or send representatives,
and when they did they were more concerned with
fighting each other or undermining the prince than with
their official goal of cooperatively maintaining the do-
main of Britain. In 1556, the prince dissolved the Privy
Council and the Grand Council. Where advice was
needed — and Mithras was far from convinced it would
be — it would come from the seneschal and his immedi-
ate circle, or from individual barons rather than from the
councils, which he described as "a pack of squabbling
women." By distancing himself from the fiefs' advice,
Mithras made it much harder to influence them, and the
increasing independence of the fiefs over the next two
centuries reflects this. At the same time, however, giving
each of the fiefs greater rein over its own affairs reduced
the desire to undermine London. The city and its author-
ity survived, albeit in a weakened state.

Dlague, Fire and Finance

By and large London welcomed the return of the
king, but public opinion of Cromwell — who was ini-

S) I bs SY Od dS I IY a dj 31
§ d'etat against this "Little Parliament," he accepted the _ tially seen as a brave and courageous man who had made

England great — soured. In 1661, his body was exhumed
from Westminster Abbey and then hung at Tyburn
before being beheaded. His head was placed on a pole
atop Westminster Hall where it remained throughout
Charles' reign.

The Restoration of the king was not the only great
change that took place in the 1660s. The year 1663
began with a shock for the Kindred inhabitants of the
city — after meeting with the new Baron of Winchester,
Mithras announced that henceforth, the base tongue of
the English would be acceptable at his court; previously
he had required all business of his domain be carried out
in a "civilized tongue," namely Latin. The Roman lan-
guage would remain the staple of Mithras' domain
formalities until Valerius' regency, but the linguistic bar
to playing a role in domain politics was removed, and
henceforth matters would be more dynamic.

The sudden return of the Black Death in 1665
shattered the hopes that had emerged after the civil war.
Whole families were boarded up in their houses after
infection was detected, all condemned to die in a vain
effort to protect the city. By the time the plague died
down in 1666, more than 100,000 Londoners had died,
though the deaths among the Kindred were limited to a
handful of neonates. The mortals blamed rats trans-
ported on merchant vessels for the outbreak. Mithras
believed otherwise.

Mithras already suspected the Tremere of aiding the
Toreador in the Great Revolt, and now he accused them
of bringing the plague back to London with the Followers
of Set (who had recently reinforced their presence in the
city) as their allies in this unholy act. Both groups were
banished from the city under pain of Final Death, with
several recalcitrant members of the clans falling to the
sheriffs after failing to heed the warnings. In 1666, when
several Setites were involved in another plot involving
a rare piece of mystical lore, the prince himself took a
personal hand in dealing with the incursion, driving off
those involved. What followed may have been a mortal
accident, but to the Kindred in the city, it was hell on
earth.

In the early hours of Sunday, September 2nd, a fire
broke out in Pudding Lane in the city. Mortals claim it
began in the house of Mr. Farryner, the King's Baker, or
in an adjacent cattle shed. The city's Kindred authorities
claim differently, saying that in truth it began in the
neighboring Giovanni mansion, perhaps the result of ill-
cast magics or a battle gone awry, or else a deliberate
attempt to destroy the city. Nonetheless, the result was
a conflagration that, though far from unique in the city's
history, is remembered as the Great Fire of London. A
CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME


.

——

Le va y

ne
32 MELB aed
combination of environmental conditions — August

had been free of rain so the thatch and timbers were dry,
and a strong east wind fanned the flames — ensured that
the fire spread quickly. It raged out of control until
Wednesday the 6th, consuming much of the city east of
Fetter Lane. Approximately 13,000 houses burned (in-
cluding many of those on London Bridge, though the
crossing itself survived), together with eighty-nine
churches, including the old St. Paul's Cathedral. The
fires were brought under control thanks largely to the use
of gunpowder, which was used to demolish houses and
create a firebreak. Moorfields became the primary refuge
of the homeless, but others fled to Hampstead and
Highgate or else south of the river in Southwark — areas
spared the fire's devastation. To the mortals of the city,

Pe oN ~. — —
Pj

| > = ] a
A LL sl > |

A

only six of whom died in the inferno, it was a major
tragedy. To the Kindred it was Armageddon. Almost
twenty Kindred died in the fire, either burned to ash by
the flames as they lay torpid in their lairs, or else slain by
their peers after succumbing to Rotschreck. Several
others simply disappeared, perhaps claimed by the flames,
or maybe eliminated by their enemies under cover of the
inferno.

The rebuilding of the city began almost immedi-
ately, aided by architects such as Christopher Wren,
John Evelyn and Robert Hooke, who presented plans to
the king within days. Their grandiose plans for remodel-
ing the city (as Baron Haussman had recently done in
Paris) came to naught, but Wren and Hooke were soon
immersed in rebuilding the city, the former designing the

Lights of the Renaissance: Wren, Newton and the Royal Society

Although the 17th century is best remembered for the Great Fire, the plague and the Civil War, it is
also the time in which some of Britain's greatest intellectuals lived and worked, particularly in London.
These men of learning resided in the city for years and, via institutions such as the Royal Society, passed on
their learning. Many upper class Kindred of this era claim knowledge of Wren and Newton, but few were
ever more than passing acquaintances. Agents of Mithras and Valerius secretly chaperoned the leading lights
of the Renaissance to discourage outside interference — the Ventrue claimed the Royal Society as domain
— much to the chagrin of other scientifically minded Kindred.

Christopher Wren, knighted in 1673, is best known for St. Paul's Cathedral, whose dome became a
symbol of the city and ultimately spawned imitations across Britain and the world, such as St. Isaac's
Cathedral in St. Petersburg and the Capitol in Washington. In addition to serving as chief architect for
Charles II, James I! and William and Mary, he also served as MP for Old Windsor, as the Savilian Chair of

Astronomy at Oxford, and was a founder of the Royal Society (of which he served as president in the early

1680s). He died in 1723, aged ninety.

One of Wren's contemporaries was Isaac Newton, renowned as a physicist and mathematician, and
undoubtedly the greatest scientist of the 17th century. Newton is best remembered for his Law of Universal
Gravitation and the three Laws of Motion, but he also studied optics. His work Philosophiae Naturalis Principia
Mathematica contains many of these theorems and is one of the most important works of modern science.
In mathematics (he was Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at Trinity College Cambridge), he discovered
infinitesimal calculus, his methods and solutions surpassing the lost works of Archimedes. Newton also

served as Warden of the Royal Mint from 1696 andas President of the Royal Society from 1705, holding both

offices until his death in 1727.

The Royal Society of London for the Promotion of Natural Knowledge was founded in 1660. It began
as a loose association of those interested in science, and finally received a royal charter in 1662, though it
received little formal support from the crown. Its periodical, Philosophical Transactions, linked its members
and provided a forum for the free expression of ideas. The Society's reputation spread, its membership
growing to include Newton, Edmond Halley and Francis Hauksbee. Beginning in the mid-18th century, the
society sponsored expeditions, notably the 1768 scientific expedition to the Pacific under James Cook. The
society also issues various awards, the most notable of which is the Copley Medal, the country's most
prestigious award for scientific endeavor, which was awarded annually after its bequest by Sir Godfrey Copley
in 1709. Membership in the Society is by recommendation of existing members (or fellows as they are
termed). The first (but by no means last) Kindred fellow of the Royal Society was Stephen Goldcrest, who
was elected in 1747 on the strengths of his anatomical knowledge.

LONDON BY NIGHT

I~ _ Te


es
oa

oe

Ss 7 ¥ a
gy Bag 4

new St. Paul's Cathedral with its distinctive dome, and
the latter surveying and rebuilding housing. Hooke was
also a scientist and a fellow of the Royal Society, a
contemporary of Newton, and was interested in a wide
variety of fields from the stars and geometry to evolution
and physics. Both Hooke and Wren are variously cred-
ited with designing the Monument that was built in the
1670s to commemorate the fire. The 205-ft Monument
is said to be the tallest freestanding stone column in the
world, its height exactly matching the distance to where
the fire started. The Monument is hollow, with more
than 300 steps ascending to a platform with a superlative
view over the city. Although the Monument is officially
closed after dark, numerous Cainites nonetheless ascend
the structure to survey their domains.

The death of Charles II in 1685 threatened to undo
a century of progress and plunge England back into the
religious strife of the Tudors. Charles's successor, his
brother James IJ, was a Catholic and thus not widely
liked. Actual opposition to his accession had been sup-
pressed by his alliance with Anglican parties. There
were, however, rebellions against his authority; after
putting down the rebellions, James set about enlarging
the army, with Catholic officers leading the new units.
This provoked a major outcry in Parliament, further
exacerbated by the king's manipulation of the courts to
circumvent the Test Oath (which limited the roles
Catholics could play in public office). His 1687 Declara-
tion of Indulgence suspended the laws against Roman
Catholics and Protestant dissenters, perhaps as part of a
process of religious tolerance. This he might have weath-
ered, but the combination of his attempts to remodel
elements of the power structure and the news in Novem-
ber of 1687 that the queen was pregnant — and thus that
there would be a Catholic succession — was too much for
many.

The Glorious Revolution of 1688 brought the Dutch
William of Orange to the throne at the invitation of
seven leading Englishmen. Ostensibly, the invitation
called upon William to investigate the legitimacy of his
nephew's birth (William's wife was Mary, sister of James
and Charles II), but when many of James' Protestant
officers defected to William's army, the king fled. Parlia-
ment offered William and Mary the throne on
February 13th, 1689, but James, supported by the French,
attempted to regain his throne later in the year. He
landed in Ireland and was recognized as sovereign by its
Parliament. William defeated James at the Boyne in July,
a battle still commemorated on the faction-torn isle.

Kindred politics played a substantial role in the
Glorious Revolution, directed notably toward efforts to
minimize damage to Kindred-dominated institutions.

ot

Ai ee @ oe
10) a | § a ye
a) Sy =)

The Treaty of Durham

The Toreador-Ventrue civil war finally
came to an end in 1693 with the signing of the
Treaty of Durham. The treaty recognized the
extant situation — the Ventrue dominated
London and the southeast, while the Toreador
could do little but skulk in their Scottish fast-
nesses. It was not an agreement between equals:
The Treaty of Durham ensured that the Torea-
dor couldn't fall any further, guaranteeing the
safety of Edinburgh in exchange for promises
not toseek power in London beyond the Elysium.
Furthermore, the treaty barred the Toreador
from dealing with the Tremere, either to seek
their aid or to support any of their machinations
in London.

Under the treaty, any Toreador who sought
domain beyond the accepted Elysium of Lon-
don without first seeking the Prince's permission
was in violation of the terms and subject to
expulsion or, in extreme circumstances, blood
hunt. Those Toreador who were allowed in
London stood as surety against the behavior of
Edinburgh, liable for execution should their
northern kin (often their sires) seek to under-
mine London's authority. In exchange, the
Ventrue would not seek to suborn the Kindred
of Edinburgh, with Ventrue hostages standing
as surety for Mithras and his kin. Enforcing the
treaty in London fell to the sheriffs, who were
charged with tracking all Toreador in the city
and dealing with any who were there without
official sanction or who sought to expand their
influence in contravention of the treaty.

Many Toreador resented the treaty, but
they knew that to reject it would be to risk what
few holdings remained in their hands after the
civil war — almost every English domain that
began the 17th century in Toreador hands was
now under Ventrue, Brujah or Malkavian au-
thority. The treaty would not go untested.
Reactionary Toreador attempted to circum-
vent it several times in the 18th century, but
even tonight, in the shining jewel that is the
Victorian age, the treaty remains in force, even
if it is barely worth the parchment it is written
on. Enforcement of the treaty declined during
Valerius's regency, and Lady Anne faces an
uphill struggle to re-impose its restrictions on
the city.

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME

sivuietnenti


Mithras had once been intrigued by the king — James
had been a notable commander and served as High Lord
Admiral during Charles II's reign, masterminding the
seizure of New Amsterdam (later New York) from the
Dutch — but this new king repulsed the prince. In one
of his few mortal power plays, he directed Valerius to find
amore appealing monarch, which the seneschal promptly
did through a series of mortal pawns. One pawn in
particular caught Valerius's eye and, with the prince's
approval, received the Embrace. That woman, Anne
Bowesley, would come to dominate the politics of
London's Kindred.

The late 17th century was also a time of financial
growth. The Royal Exchange (later to house the stock
market) opened in 1675, and Lloyd's of London began
trading insurance in 1680 at the owner's city coffee
house. Most significant, however, was the establishment
of the Bank of England to raise funds on behalf of the
government to support its war against France. The bank
would also play a major role in financing another English
war against France a century later, that time with the
covert support of Cainites after their own ends in the
pan-European war.

Regents and Empire

The 18th century was a time of retrenchment and
development, for mortals and Kindred alike. It witnessed
challenges to the established order —1715 and 1745 saw
attempts to reinstall members of the Stewart family on
the throne, James the Old Pretender and Bonnie Prince
Charlie respectively — but as a whole the century was
marked by the increasing sophistication of the courts and
the upper echelons of society. Restoration-era London
was an increasingly glamorous place, marked by the
rituals and customs that bound its occupants.

In 1733, the increasing desire for land in the city led
to the covering of the Fleet River and most of the streams
in what would become central London, leading to a
network of rivers beneath the city. Together with the
sewer network, which was expanded in the 19th century,
these served as a home for a burgeoning population of
Nosferatu, allowing them to traverse the city undetec-
ted. The industrialization that took place in the second
half of the century likewise aided the Kindred's cause,
providing a number of havens and opportunities to
conceal excavation work. The era marked the first great
surge outward from the old Roman and medieval cities,
as London began expanding to include the lands now
regarded as the West End and the process of incorporat-
ing what were once outlying villages such as Islington
and Greenwich. New bridges at Westminster and

Lone ul MGqT

a eh A ei IF ae DORE Dor iL

STNTORUN in LAA 2)

re, aa

a ae

Blackfriars stimulated growth south of the river, estab-
lishing Lambeth and Walworth as major suburbs.

The Rutherford Incident of 1743 presented Mithras
with his one great challenge of the century (he regarded
the Toreador efforts in the Jacobean revolts to be noth-
ing more than AggamesAh), when one Charles
Rutherford revealed himself and his vampiric nature to
a Masonic lodge in the city. This breach of the Masquer-
ade prompted the formation of a group of Masonic
hunters who would be locked in mortal combat with the
prince's enforcers for almost a quarter of a century. That
the breach was not more wide-reaching was thanks to the
speed of the prince's response and a campaign among
mortal agents that undermined the believability of the
lodge.

Meanwhile, Britain's political and economic influ-
ence expanded across the globe. The East India Company
became the de facto government of India in 1757 after
Robert Clive defeated the Nawab of India. This led to an
influx of goods and people from the subcontinent to the
city in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, lending
London a cosmopolitan air. Corruption within the com-
pany led to government intervention in the 1770s, with
the India Bill of 1773 installing a Governor-General to
oversee British interests, and starting the slow decline of
the company's fortunes.

The 1770s wrought immense changes on Britain,
with the American War of Independence and ongoing
conflicts with European powers such as Spain, France
and Holland sapping the resolve of the government.
Many Britons sympathized with the colonists, and the
city of London, having recently eclipsed Amsterdam as
the center of world trade, objected to the war on eco-
nomic grounds: It interfered with the profits of trade.
Others, however, regarded rebellion against the king's
authority as a grave sin. With little interest in overseas
empires, Mithras cared not at all about America, but he
did take note of the political maneuverings that gave
Ireland legislative independence in 1783; fear of a wider
European war (which would shortly erupt) prompted
London to slacken the reins on its nearby colonies,
trading power for flexibility. Calls for political and social
reform also sounded at home, but some of the changes
sparked a major backlash. The relaxing of anti-Catholic
laws (the Catholic Relief Act of 1778) led to the creation
of the Protestant Association under Lord George Gor-
don. Gordon's followers in London rioted and, in what
many regard as the British equivalent of the storming of
the Bastille, rushed Newgate Gaol in 1780. Three Kin-
dred died in the rioting, and Mithras blamed anarchs for
their demise. A crackdown on Kindred newcomers
to the city followed, with strict enforcement of the

1


—

Presentation protocols until Valerius' regency, which
began in 1798.

The growing madness of King George III became
apparent in the late 1780s. Though several other mon-
archs had been insane, Prince Mithras turned his attention
this time to the Malkavians in his city. What passed for
authority among the madmen denied any responsibility,
and observation by the prince's agents supported their
claims. What did become clear, however, was the extent
to which the Toreador were involved with the royal
household, particularly the associates of the Prince Re-
gent, whose excesses and lifestyle were well-known.
Mithras suspected the Toreador of, if not engendering
King George's madness, then at least exploiting it for
their own ends. He ordered the Toreador to abide by the
Treaty of Durham and foreswear their influence among
the royalty. In 1795 he went one step further and named
the royal household as his personal domain, barring all
other Kindred from influence among the royal family
without his express permission.

The Revolution in France brought a horde of mortal
immigrants to London, and no small number of Kindred
accompanied the kine. Although there was no love lost
between the Princes of London and Paris, Mithras of-
fered the Parisian refugees succor and directed Valerius
to integrate them with the denizens of the fief. These
immigrants — principally Toreador but including some
Brujah and Malkavians — resisted the moves and sought
to establish their own enclaves. Valerius stood firm,
though it would be several decades before the situation
was fully resolved.

The Jacobite Revolts

The deposition of James II was not universally popu-
lar, with various groups in Scotland, Wales and France
striving to restore the Stewart line via his son, James
Edward (the Old Pretender) and grandson Charles Ed-
ward (Bonnie Prince Charlie). James's supporters became
known as Jacobites (in Latin, James is rendered as
Jacobus). The Toreador found the Jacobites useful pawns,
and used the movement to strengthen their own position
and to strike back at the Ventrue. The revolts of 1715
(culminating in the battle of Sheriffmuir) and 1719 (the
Highland Revolt) had little appreciable impact, and the
Ventrue largely ignored the Final Death of several hos-
tages in Edinburgh.

The rebellion of 1745 was fought more determinedly
by both mortal and Kindred participants. Charles Ed-
ward seized control of Scotland after the Battle of
Prestonpans in Lothian, but hopes for a more widespread
revolt in England came to naught. Nonetheless, he
marched south as far as Derby before retreating to the

J, 17

Highlands. April of 1746 saw the end of the Jabcobite
revolts with their sound defeat at Culoden near Inverness,
and the execution or flight of the rebels. Tiring of the
Toreador ruses, Mithras ordered the execution of several
prominent Toreador hostages in the city. This drew a
string of protests from Edinburgh, which the prince
laughed down given the Toreador's perfidy in 1715. In
the years that followed, the hostages were replaced and
relations between the two cities normalized, though the
Act of Union in 1801 established London's dominance
beyond doubt.

Whence the Prince?

In 1798, Mithras departed London, suppos-
edly on a routine journey. He had done so several
times in the past, spending weeks, months and
occasionally years outside the capital, so his de-
parture raised few questions. The prince's crossing
to France was likewise unremarkable, as his jour-
neys to the Great Court and the Court of the
Black Cross were a regular feature throughout the
Middle Ages. The prince met Francis Villon in
January of 1799 to discuss the recent tumultuous
events in France and England. Mithras then
promptly disappeared.

At first stories circulated that he had been
slain by Sabbat agents; the sect was believed to be
strengthening their holdin France. Over the next
decade, tales emerged that he had been seen in
Rome, in Venice and in Constantinople. The last
sighting placed him in Baghdad in 1814, a guest
of the local Ashirra (a Muslim sect of Kindred)
prince. After that there was no news, and whis-
pers began that Valerius planned to seize the
domain. The seneschal insisted that he merely sat
as regent for London's true prince, and would
restore power to Mithras upon his return. When
the prince did return — in 1885! — Valerius was
true to his word, though Mithras was less than
impressed with his seneschal's tenure.

But where did Mithras go? That he traveled
to the East is certain, though whether this was for
the full duration of his disappearance is unknown.
Unsubstantiated rumors place Mithras in India
during the Sepoy Rebellion of 1857, but sightings
also placed him in Alexandria, the Crimea and
St. Petersburg. One rumor also placed Mithras in
Australia for several years — though when told of
this tale, the prince merely laughs.

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME


- LONDON BY GH

an

1 = e; j

Ce ee ek ee

36
Birth of an Age

By 1810, George III was incapable of ruling Britain, and
the hedonistic Prince of Wales became Prince-Regent.
Despite the warnings twenty years earlier, members of Clan
Toreador—mainly recent French immigrants—attempted
to subvert the Prince-Regent by placing agents at the royal
court. Valerius stood firm against these efforts and dealt
harshly with the interlopers, seeking to discourage further
Kindred attempts to manipulate the monarchy with his
brutal punishments: The ringleader of the French attempt
was staked and left to meet the sun, and other conspirators
were exiled from London.

The wars that ravaged the mainland in the early
19th century had little direct effect on London, but
British commitments, particularly to the Peninsula Cam-
paign and later in Belgium, drew heavily on the economy.
The authorities feared an invasion by Napoleonic forces
and bolstered Britain's defenses while Valerius took steps
to minimize Sabbat influence in the Court of Avalon.
The principal British figure in the campaign — Arthur
Wellesley, the first Duke of Wellington — remained
popular, and became Prime Minister in 1828 (though his

on § . 7

pal
TT TT 4
ad a

/
o
ws |

tenure lasted only until 1830, when he resigned over the
matter of parliamentary reform). He was offered the post
of PM again after the 1834 elections that marked the
ascension of William IV, but he demurred in favor of
Robert Peel, under whom he served as Foreign Minister
and later Minister without Portfolio. When his wife died
in 1831, Wellesley struck up an intense but entirely
platonic relationship with a hitherto casual acquain-
tance at Parliament. To the surprise of many, Anne
Bowesley never revealed her true nature to the Iron Duke
(who went on to serve as a surrogate father to the young
Queen Victoria), and Anne is said to have mourned
Wellesley's passing in 1852.

The formation of the Metropolitan Police by Robert
Peel in 1829 was a major step forward in law enforcement
in London, though the Square Mile, as London's finan-
cial district is often known, retained its own police force,
leading to numerous disputes over jurisdiction. The
Kindred quickly saw the potential of this police force and
insinuated themselves into its power structures. For
several years, the Ventrue (principally Valerius) and
Brujah (under the leadership of one Roman Pendragon)
contested this area of influence, but eventually the


Ventrue prevailed and by 1835 claimed exclusive do-
main. The Ventrue's hold over Parliament likewise
remained strong, though a great fire in 1834 destroyed all
of the structure save Westminster Hall, the Jewel Tower
and the crypt of St. Stephen's Chapel. The cause of the
fire was unknown, but many Kindred — including Lady
Anne — suspect the Sabbat, who were fighting a civil
war at the time. The restoration of the Palace of
Westminster would take until 1860, and Anne used the
rebuilding to conceal considerable work beneath the
palace, carving out extensive chambers for the prince
and a haven for herself beneath St. Stephen's Tower
(better known as Big Ben for its clock and bell).

ee}
gy

q : aoe = "é €
A

3 IS 5 ot! Lf

The mortal turning point of the 19th century was
1837, when William IV died and was succeeded by his
niece, Victoria (born Alexandrina Victoria in 1819).
The brief and unpopular regency of her mother —
Victoria was a minor when she became queen — gave
little indication of the sixty-four-year rule that would
follow. Valerius took Mithras's prohibition on Kindred
interaction with the monarchy seriously, particularly
given the queen's tender years, and worked strenuously
to isolate her from supernatural influence. The results of
the regent's efforts were mixed. A number of Victoria's
associates were aware of the Kindred and their power
games, particularly after a small group of Sabbat sought

Underground, Over-ground

In 1863, the world's first underground railway system, the Metropolitan Railway, began operation in
London, running between Bishops Road in Paddington in the northwest, and Farringdon Street (extended
to Moorgate in 1865) on the edge of the Square Mile. Built using the cut-and-cover method (a trench is
dug, the tunnel structure assembled, and then the whole structure re-covered), the line formed the route
for the Marlylebone, Euston and Farringdon Roads. The venture was conceived and executed by mortals
without vampiric assistance, but the Kindred soon saw the benefits of the system and sought to influence
its development. Secret side-tunnels linked the underground into the wider network of tunnels under
London, increasing the speed and efficiency with which the Kindred could traverse the city.
Other lines opened in 1868 (South Kensington to Westminster as the Metropolitan and District
Railway) and 1870 (the short-lived cable-drawn line between the Tower of London and Bermondsey). In
1884, a southern stretch of railway linked Westminster and The City, and together with links between
the Metropolitan Railway and the Metropolitan and District Railway formed the Circle Line, which
circumnavigated both the West End and The City. The deep-level City and South London Railway,
twenty meters beneath the ground, opened in 1890, and was a marked contrast from the shallow lines of
north London. This line, running between King William Street and Stockwell, was bored through the mud
and rock under the city and passed beneath the Thames. Whereas the Metropolitan Railway used steam
f locomotives (initially at least), the City and South Line used electricity to power its trains. By the last days ‘|
p of the 19th century, the backbone of the Tube (as the underground railway was called from 1890 onward, de
though the name AgThe UndergroundAh would also be used from 1908) was in place. Indeed, between
1907 and 1977 no new Tube lines would be built in central London, though with the creation and
subsequent extension of the Jubilee Line there will be 253 miles of Tube tunnels by 2002, with three
million passenger journeys per day.

Few mortals, however, appreciate the true extent of the tunnels beneath London. A number of
Kindred have established havens in the depths of the earth and some — mainly Nosferatu — have built
their own maze-like tunnels to link their dens and to facilitate travel unseen by prying mortal eyes. Of
course, the Kindred are not the only denizens of the tunnels beneath the city. Many shapeshifters call
warrens under the city home, though the network is not as extensive as that beneath Paris. By and large,
the Kindred and shapechanger tunnels are distinct, but both exploit the modern excavations of the
mortals; thus encounters between the two supernatural groups, though infrequent, occur more often than
) either would like. Rumors abound of something else residing deep under the city, and certainly a number
i of Kindred have disappeared in the deepest tunnels (though this is usually attributed to rumors of were-
rats, if such mania can be believed). What this dark presence might be — if anything, beyond Kindred fears

and imaginings — is unknown, but some have suggested a link to the tale of Bran the Blessed.

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME


38 ~STTn wis
to influence the queen in the 1840s by cana her
Lord Chamberlain.

Although London was a Camarilla city, it retained a
substantial Sabbat and non-aligned population until the
late 1840s. Ravnos were the largest non-Camarilla group
thanks to the Indian connection, anda number of Setites
also set up havens in the city, particularly after Britain
gained control of Egypt in 1882 (though they were
considerably less welcome than the Ravnos). With Lon-
don the center of world commerce, the Giovanni likewise
had a substantial presence in the city, though after the
Sabbat strikes against Valerius and the primogen in the
late 1840s the Giovanni — suspected of complicity in
the affair — weathered earnest scrutiny. The assault
greatly lessened the Sabbat's strength in the city, and
those who remained, such as Lady Astor of the Lasombra,
were less inclined to direct action against the Camarilla
authorities.

The Great Exhibition of 1851 was a massive under-
taking that showcased works from around the empire.
The Exhibition was as much a Kindred affair as one for
mortals, with a whole Aghidden ExhibitionAh taking
place at night in a wide variety of locations. The Crystal
Palace in Hyde Park was the venue for several sophisti-
cated soirees under the auspices of Lady Penelope
Hope-Lancaster of the Toreador, while the Ventrue
organized a vast ball at Somerset House. The Crystal
Palace itself was dismantled following the exhibition
and moved to Sydenham to the south, where it continues
to serve as a major cultural center. The collections from
the palace can be seen at the Museum of Manufacturers
in Kensington.

The 1850s and 1860s saw increased interest in the
occult, combined with increased efforts by the Tremere
to strengthen their presence in London. Whether the
Tremere were behind the occult revival or were merely
exploiting it is unclear, but the activity of individuals
such as Robert Lees, the queen's psychic, certainly pro-
vided excellent cover for the Witches, and for mortal
magi as well. The most notable institution to emerge was
the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, founded by
William Westcott and Samuel Mathers in 1888 as an
offshoot of the Rosicrucians, and linked to the Gnostic
traditions and the rites and rituals of ancient Egypt. The
Theosophical Society, founded by Madame Helene
Blavatsky and Henry Olcott in New York in 1875 (and
arriving in London with Blavatsky in 1887), leaned more
toward spiritualist traditions mixed with various Eastern
ideas. Other groups included the British National Asso-
ciation of Spiritualists, founded in 1873 and later known
as the London Spiritualist Alliance; and the Society for
Psychical Research (founded in 1882), which sought to

LONDON BY NIGHT

oa actin Se SR ar hc tA ae

investigate such phenomena with rigorous scientific
methods, unmasking fraudulent practitioners (includ-
ing, they claimed, Blavatsky). Less well known is the
founding of the Arcanum by Benjamin Holmscroft,
which took place near London in 1885, building on
Hermetic traditions. Holmscroft's origins have never
been firmly established, but he and his cabal have sur-
prisingly accurate information on the Kindred and may
pose a real threat to the vampiric population of London.

The year 1885 was also notable for Prince Mithras's
return to London, with no explanation to pardon his
absence. The Methuselah immediately set about rectify-
ing perceived wrongs in the city. He dismissed Valerius
as seneschal, and installed Anne Bowesley in his place.
Valerius, though disenchanted with the post since the
Sabbat uprisings, was nonetheless angered by the prince's
peremptory action, but was unwilling to face Mithras
directly. Other London residents saw the writing on the
wall and fled before the prince's wrath fell on them. Most
notable of these was the Brujah Roman Pendragon, who
had been a thorn in the Ventrue's side for most of the
19th century.

Shadows of Gehenna

The summer of 1888 began innocuously enough,
though a grisly murder on August 31st led the prince to
suspect one or more Lupines were active in the East End.
In the months that followed, Polly Nichols was joined by
Annie Chapman (Sept. 8), Liz Stride (Sept. 30),
Catherine Eddowes (Sept. 30) and Mary Kelly (Nov. 9).
The precision of the attacks led Mithras to discount
Lupines, and among the Kindred, not even a Malkavian
would breach the Masquerade in such a manner. The
Sabbat might, as might mortal sorcerers, but eventually
the prince assumed that the killer — nicknamed Jack the
Ripper — was nothing more than a deranged mortal.
Nonetheless, the slayings forced the Kindred to be on
their guard — in the autumn of 1888, the mortals were
on the lookout for murderous individuals. Hunting, even
in the in the once-easy East End, became more challeng-
ing. Indeed, many Kindred found the summer and autumn
of 1888 particularly unsettling; the thought that there
was something more vicious than they in the city weighed
heavily on their minds. That the killer was in all likeli-
hood a mortal was central to this malaise: Many Kindred
attempted to maintain their humanity, but if a mortal
could go to these extremes, what hope was there for
them?

Through no action of the prince's, the appointment
of William Gullas Victoria's physician in 1887 increased
the protection afforded to the queen against supernatu-
ral forces. Shrouded in mystery, Gull is believed to be a


member of the Freemasons with extensive knowledge of
the occult, including the Kindred. Where he learned
about vampires is unknown, but he has declared himself
a stalwart foe of those who would manipulate the queen
and has sworn — ignorant of Mithras's decrees — to use
his power and knowledge in defense of the queen. He
even faked his own death in 1890 to disguise his presence
near the queen, and to throw his enemies off his scent.
Mithras found Gull's gambits amusing, at least until
Gull's actual death in 1897.

After several years of settling back into London, the
prince has recently taken action further afield in protec-
tion of his rights as overlord of Britain. In his most overt
action in centuries, Mithras led a war party against the
mad AgPrinceAh of South Wales, William Biltmore,
driving him out and folding the Fief of South Wales
(Deheubarth) into Gloucester to form the Fief of Severn.
This show of force prompted a wave of public contrition
from the other Kindred barons, though many of them
continue to scheme against the prince and several use
the title of prince themselves within their own fiefs.
Whether the prince will see through this duplicity re-
mains to be seen.

; oo. /
(C5 oe Se re IS yy Sey ha

On May 26th, 1897, a book was published. Written
in the form of diaries and journals, it proved surprisingly
popular with the mortal population, who lapped up the
far-fetched tale of love, the supernatural and vampires.
Dracula was less well received among the Kindred, who
saw in it a barely disguised tale of one of their own. The
real Dracula, Vlad Tepes, was accused of breaking the
Masquerade, though as he stood aloof from both Camarilla
and Sabbat there was little to be done. Indeed, some
Kindred argued that Dracula's "revelations" actually
strengthened the Masquerade by transforming legend
into literary tradition — yes, people knew fragments of
the truth, but they would henceforth regard similar
information as fiction "just like Bram Stoker's book."
Others regarded the revelations as a herald of Gehenna,
which would surely follow if mortal society managed to
separate fact from fiction.

fp
J,

J
40 7am, Oe

Irrespective of whether Dracula's manipulation of
Stoker was for good or ill, it marked the end of a Kindred
era. Henceforth, the world would know about vampires,
and that would color the Kindred's relationship with the
kine.


A Bote of Welcome

Dearest Kindred,

It is with great pleasure that | welcome you to London, greatest city of the Empire and seat of both Prince Mithras, Lord
of London and all Britain and Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Empress of India. | am certain that I don't need to inform a guest
such as yourself of the details pertaining to the singular honor the prince has granted you by giving you leave to remain in this
mighty metropolis. You are, for the time being, a welcome guest in this, the greatest of all cities on the face of the Earth.

Of course, such an honor brings with it certain obligations and responsibilities that | am sure you will find it your pleasure
to perform. A society such as ours can function only with the clearest of guidelines and strictures and any violation of said strictures
will be met with the appropriate punishment. | hardly need mention the possible severity of such a chastisement. London, both
by day and by night, is a city where law reigns supreme. People know their place in society and, while they may work to better
it, until they have achieved that worthy aim they do not step beyond those bounds for fear of losing the approbation of their peers.
You would, my Kindred, do well to remember that in the coming nights. The particular demands of our own society will be made
clear to you in the normal way. | feel it is my duty, though, to guide you through the onerous task of dining out in your first weeks
in London.

While this letter contains much worthy advice, | would caution you against hoarding it for many nights. Read, learn and act
upon what is within. Then, destroy it utterly, for you know the penalty for transgression against our primary custom. This letter
is dispatched to you with the approval of Lady Anne, and the urchin who carried it is tied to us by the oath that cannot be broken.
Its security and secrecy are your responsibility and your responsibility alone.

Dining Qui

As a newcomer to this city, | suspect that it is unlikely that you have made appropriate arrangements for a regular supply of
sustenance to your lodgings. | thus offer a few guidelines fora gentleman or lady of our society who seeks to dine with the minimum
of fuss and inconvenience. When selecting your repast for the evening, one would do well to consider the social stratification of
London society among the kine. They define themselves clearly into three classes, each of which carries its own set of
responsibilities and manners of behaving.

The lower or working class is composed of those men and women who work with their hands to make a living. They are the
laborers, dockworkers, cabbies and cleaners of London. They undertake the manual tasks that keep this city running, yet which
require little in the way of higher thought or initiative. Their clothes match their station in life: simple, shoddily fitted yet robust
and often somewhat dirty. Among themselves, their manner is coarse and bawdy, yet they show due deference to those of higher
status within the city, at least to their faces. Their discussions in the mean and overcrowded slums they call home are of a quite
different tone. The dwellings of such folk can be found in particular parts of the city. The East End houses many of them, for
example, providing a ready source of menial labor for both the City itself and the docks that facilitate the communication with
Empire.

(If | may insert a parenthesis here, one would do well to note the distinction between the city, which is London in its wider
sense, and the City, which is the square mile within London's medieval city walls in which the major financial business of the city
is transacted. Displaying an ignorance of this distinction is a certain way to mark yourself as an uncivilized buffoon from some
rural retreat.)

Those among us whose manner or lineage brands them as part of this lower class will find themselves able to dine easily and
freely in such parts of town. They run the risk of consuming a meal tainted by alcohol or the opium many people of all classes
use to distract themselves from the reality of their lives. London can be a harsh mistress for those too weak or ignorant to seize
the opportunities offered, as you will no doubt discover.

Fhe Widdle Class

The middle classes are those who make their living from the skills of their minds. They are the scholars, businessmen and
lawyers of the city; the very lifeblood, if] may venture such a play on words, of London's power and wealth. Most are well educated
and some of the men, if their fathers were successful, may well have attended one of the better boarding schools that dot the
countryside. Their clothes are stylish and well made, though they are not prone to the excesses of fashion that often characterize


the upper classes. On the whole, they are a dour, serious lot with a strong work ethic and traditional and strict moral and religious
beliefs that lead them to repress their emotions and passions. This, of course, makes them deliciously easy to manipulate and
ideal dining companions for our Kindred.

Many of the middle classes reside in the center of the city, in areas a short walk from their places of work. The houses of
Mayfair, Knightsbridge and even the better parts of Soho are home to them. Of course, there are other places suitable for such
a person, but | will not trouble you with the complexities of London's geography just yet. Many of the middle classes now choose
to live in the new suburban areas of London, developing thanks to the rapid growth of London's splendid railway network. Many
of our kind have found such places to be suitable location for an evening meal, though one would do well to consult with Gen.
Sir Arthur Halesworth before making such a journey. Protocols must be observed in such matters.

The Cppew Claas

The upper classes are composed of those families who have ruled London, England and the whole of the United Kingdom
by day for much of the last millennium. They consist of those people whose birthright is aristocracy. They are the lords and ladies,
barons, baronets and baronesses of the mortal world. You can be recognize them by their expensive, exquisitely fashionable and
beautifully constructed attire, their arrogance and, more often than not, their utter debauchery. Most have enough financial
resources to negate the need to work, and so they lose themselves in such pastimes as hunting, politics, military service or sexual
adventuring. You should discount them as potential dining partners: to even move on the fringes of their society requires a
particular station of birth, significant wealth and a member of their ranks who is prepared to offer you an introduction. Those
of the Kindred who are in a position to do so are often loath to provide such an introduction to one like yourself easily, at least
without a significant price being attached to it.

The upper class's right to rule is unquestioned but rarely exercised. The twin houses of the United Kingdom's parliament,
housed in Westminster, work together to create the legislation that determines country and Empire's destiny. The House of
Commons, voted for by men of all classes, decides upon the nature of the legislation needed and the House of Lords, in which
the men of the upper classes sit by right, advise and aid their inferiors by dint of their long experience and noble upbringing.

Many of our kind feel themselves compelled to build some form of influence over mortal society. If you, too, suffer from
this affliction, you would be well advised to steer a course toward the middle classes rather than the upper classes. The reasons
for this are twofold. Firstly, the middle classes offer greater influence over the day-to-day running of society, trade and politics.
You will find that the tight pressure applied on a member of this class can bring a most satisfactory conclusion to pass. Members
of the House of Commons are particularly susceptible to pressure of the financial variety. Many of them consider such incentives
to be an accepted means of supplementing the stipend they receive for their service in the House.

A note of caution: Those people who have been knighted by her Majesty and are now known as "Sir" are usually members
of the middle classes whose service to the crown has been such that they are subject to special recognition or reward. They occupy
a place in society that is both within the echelons of the upper middle classes and the lower upper classes. Thus, they can often
be a useful bridge between the two strata of society.

In Conclusion

The living people of London are well aware of their place in the social order and are inherently suspicious of any who attempt
to move in circles that do not match their standing. Your clothes, manner of speech and bearing will all mark you as a member
of a particular class. You should attempt to dine amongst those kine who are of your own apparent class. Any attempt to do
otherwise will, unless you are skilled indeed in your choice and manner of dining, attract unwelcome attention and render your
chances of remaining within this city somewhat negligible. For example, a gentleman of the middle or upper classes who is found
walking the slums of the East End will be subject to the query and rumor amongst those people who are of the lower class, and
indeed may attract the attention of the Metropolitan Police. A lady doing the same will attract greater attention and indeed subject
herself to significant danger unless some stout servant who can look to her safety accompanies her.

I hope that this short work was sufficiently edifying and will prevent any embarrassing misdemeanors in the near future. |
look forward to your further education in Elysium in nights to come.

I remain, sir, your most obedient servant,

STEPHEN LENGIR* €82,


pac WSe AS Ni a Rag De ae BES ee ene rita becerasi Be error Bi

Sn aa = ay . val
an ay

OME LDALALUE

ee , >

wi b —— = .
SS,

Who was Saucy Jack?

Theories! We were lost almost in theories; there were so many of them.
— Inspector Frederick Abberline, Pall Mall Gazette, 1892

Over the years dozens of theories have been put forward as to the identity of Jack the Ripper, from the
highest to the lowest in the land. Some have supporting evidence; others are based on hearsay and
supposition. None are entirely convincing, and the truth may never be known for sure, particularly as many
records were lost or destroyed in WWII (something many conspiracy theorists have used to "prove" their
case, claiming a cover-up by the authorities). An exhaustive treatment of the evidence is best left to
dedicated works such as Donald Rumbelow's The Complete Jack The Ripper, Paul Begg's Jack the Ripper, the
Uncensored Facts or even the fictionalized From Hell by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell. The following
is a précis of the main suspects for Storytellers who don't have access to the plethora of Ripper books. Of
course, as this is the World of Darkness, a host of additional possibilities open up, far beyond those put
forward by the police and "ripperologists," which we examine briefly. London By Night makes few
assumptions as to the identity or motivation of Saucy Jack, instead leaving the choice with the Storyteller.

Montague Druit

A barrister and part-time schoolteacher, Monty Druitt is seen by many as the leading candidate for
the Ripper. The McNaughton report indicates that Druitt's family believed him to be the killer, and his
suicide in December of 1889 coincides with the end of the slayings accepted as Ripper murders. Druitt bore
an uncanny resemblance to "Prince Eddy," the Duke of Clarence, perhaps triggering the "Royal
Conspiracy" (see below) or, as the fictional From Hell suggests, becoming a victim of it.

The Royal Conspiracy

Various theories have linked "the highest in the land" to the Ripper murders, directly or indirectly.
All focus on Prince Albert Victor Christian Edward, Victoria's grandson and the Duke of Clarence. One
theory postulates that Eddy was the Ripper, or he at least committed the first few slayings, and that the
evidence was subsequently covered up by the police. A variant of the theory lays the blame for the later
murders with a host of accomplices, variously William Gull, John Netley or Walter Sickert. A further twist
on the idea put forward in Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution by Stephen Knight and based on Sickert's
information is the allegation that the Duke of Clarence secretly married one Annie Chapman, an alleged
(but not proven) Roman Catholic. This fact was subsequently used to blackmail the authorities by Anne,
q Liz, Polly and Mary, leading to their deaths to hush matters up. London by Night assumes Gull's bs
P innocence. y

¥ Walter Sickert 7
Sickert is, via his son Joseph, the alleged source of information for Knight's version of the Royal

Conspiracy, but he has also been put forward as a suspect in his own right. Little solid evidence exists for

this, though his painting "Blackmail, or Mrs. Barrett" is intriguing — Mary Kelly's common-law husband

was Joseph Barnet, and some suggest "Mrs. Barrett" is really Mary Kelly, her name misspelled or deliberately
falsified.

The Mad Doctor

The nature of the victims' injuries and the knowledge require to find and extract the organs quickly

and efficiently lead the coroners to believe Jack the Ripper was a doctor, or at least a medical student

| (though some theories suggest a butcher or a shochet, a Jewish ritual slaughterer). In connection with this

' idea the names of William Gull, Neil Cream and Alexander Pedachenko have been advanced, though

none are particularly likely. One version of the doctor theory claims that the Ripper was tried by a panel
of his peers and condemned to a mental asylum, where he subsequently died.

_ Loxton a
~__ wa


gh a i a

i
(4 The Masons
\Ol The seemingly ritual nature of the mutilations inflicted on the victims, and the wording of the Goulston
XY Street message has led to some suggestions of Freemason involvement in the slayings (the message that was
"j left on the wall of a passage after the slaying of Catherine Eddowes contained, according to some, Masonic

1 terms). Again, little solid evidence exists; but the Masonic angle, with its suggestions of cover-ups and
secrecy, plays well to conspiracy theorists, particularly those who believe that Sir Charles Warren,
commissioner of the Metropolitan Police at the time and a known Mason, was complicit in the crimes.

The Lodger

Belloc Lowndes' book, The Lodger, suggests another solution to the mystery, an otherwise innocuous and
hitherto unidentified culprit. Lowndes' work was fiction, but the concept of an anonymous murderer,
sufficiently bland to fit into the slums of Whitechapel without arousing suspicion, is both possible and
motivationally sound.

Kindred

In the World of Darkness, a vampire could easily be responsible for the Whitechapel murders, perhaps
a blood-crazed Tzimisce, an insane Malkavian or even a Tremere seeking ritual materials. London by Night
assumes this is not the case, but a Storyteller may wish to change that in her chronicle.

Werewolves and Shapeshifters

Lupines have the strength and ability to carry out the slayings, but few venture into the heart of the cities,
let alone into ghettos like the East End. Other, more esoteric shapeshifters are more at home in urban settings
(and in fact have a major nest in the area) — though again, little rationale exists for their involvement.

Mages
Of all the supernatural factions active in the World of Darkness, mages are the most likely culprits for
involvement in the slayings, many having the requisite medical knowledge and the powers to subdue and
slay their quarry. Perhaps the slayings were part of some occult ritual, and perhaps the perpetrator is still
; active but seeking the more potent blood of Kindred prey...

Demons?

Something dark lurks below London, perhaps associated with the legend of Bran the Blessed (see above),
which may manifest in some form ,or otherwise possess bodies as it needs. Although clearly adeus ex machina 7
Vv in the context of London by Night, the presence of some hitherto unknown dark force cannot be ruled out. d

CHAPTER ONE: LONDON FROM THE DAWN OF TIME

a eee


SSO Aa -


Chapter Two:
The Gity
Revealed

T bis, Whe nol tothe laste 0 ih one, » or
the. ge "ender wer the pint

tO of "LS SAO,
‘es as efor is an i

Daw 1 the 2 nam~e are Gol fhin genx
name ard ny er,
—s bury / ames, CO ag, Ga <order, Ps.

a tis a3 rs GE basure that J pele t you with this account of the the

current TG Ay 9 0 ites _H ach h % do anged in the neg SINE ee

EG ondon set aT SINCOTO he that this current wader wile
bi Some Het th way J a ~ Prince ae it . thas chang

Tt us is, ASU Eb ys eso dasorigt spf i Af
£ y pasa trlper z Le ve ee PBs
make mg sof a bi to hin fos ony nol ite VE. Miss] oe} f

aafod in J hogi 6 office of shor has Ls jee this is panghlet. uf hor an Sas that

in dit Dt Our he action,
ce flip
Gpon Sir Mla abisorth Cret)

vi:


ee ee

RY

ae Ri | ] L al ees
heel Fe, Pe PY os ey ; .

a,

As I am sure that the reader is already aware, the term "London" most
properly applies to the square mile that makes up the City of London itself.
However, colloquial usage has long since replaced such a meaning, and the
word is now used to describe the Cities of London and Westminster, and the
areas that immediately surround them. With the advent of Mr. Stephenson's
locomotive engine and its rapid deployment in this city by various commer-
cial concerns, areas once considered to be little more than rural parishes now
fall under the title of Greater London.

While some call the city a hodgepodge of unrelated towns, an aspersion
I do not hold with, there is an element of truth in the slander. As this city has
grown, it has absorbed certain other settlements and made them its own, as
the West End of the City of London absorbed the City of Westminster long
ago. That growth has continued in recent years, so that the boundaries of the
city take in many towns that we would have considered separate unto
themselves.

One result of this growth has been the retention of large open areas
within the city itself, which is one of the treasures of London, to my mind. We
shall discuss the parks of the city in some depth later in this pamphlet, a task
Ihave relinquished, with some regret, to Miss Parr. The combination of wide
streets, garden squares and parks is characteristic of the center of the London
that we know tonight. While the slums of the working people, if one may
dignify such types with the sobriquet "working," still exist, they do little to
distract from the city's beauty to a right-thinking man. Indeed, to one of our
particular nature, they serve a most useful function in providing for our
inescapable needs.

When one steps outside the central area, which one might define by the
loop of the new Metropolitan and District Underground Railway, the nature
of the city changes once more. Many of the former rural parishes have become
stops on the railways, and so have become popular residences for the more
moneyed members of the middle classes. Astute builders have been swift to
seize upon the fiscal opportunity such people offer, and the growth in spacious
homes built in such locations has been dramatic. I myself have a haven in the
Lewisham vicinity, which affords me easy access via the railways to the heart
of the city when my duty calls me there.

One might conceive of the city as two concentric circles. The inner circle
houses much of the commerce of the city, as well as the business of
governance. There, the upper classes and working classes both reside within
walking distance of their places of work, though each lives in markedly
different conditions, I assure you. The outer circle is largely residential in
nature, though some choose to conduct their business farther from the core
of the city. This circle also houses many leisure attractions, not the least of
which is the beautiful Crystal Palace, now in Sydenham.

The Railways

For me to describe accurately the tangle of iron tracks that make up
London's railways would be beyond my limited literary power. Half a dozen
railway companies have been busy building any route that to them seems
profitable, armed with the powers of compulsory purchase to make sure that
the land they need becomes available. This has resulted in some horrors,


pS a

S j a)? | 5 =.
. «a ba ee gy GO

including the devastated triangle of land in New Cross
that has been lost to these rapacious operators.

Thankfully, the companies have named themselves
with commendable simplicity, and it is easy to gain an
impression of the direction in which they run based on
their names alone.

Great Eastern; Great Northern; Great Western;
South-Eastern — these companies operate services to
and from London in the directions indicated.

London and North Western; London and South
Western — again, the name indicates the directions in
which the trains travel.

London, Brighton, and South Coast and Isle of
Wight; Ludgate, Chatham and Dover; Ludgate, Tilbury
and Southend — These services run to the south, south-
west through Kent, and east through Essex, respectively.
They are popular with the masses for daytime excursions
to coastal resorts, and so of little interest to our Kindred.

Midland
The Stations

Great foresight on the parts of our civic leaders has

ae 8 q ny ee Ge
4 ' 1 4 4 ——a
La me, EY 8 Oy j

A

into the very heart of the city. Instead, they insisted on
termini at the very edges of the central area of the city.
Great amounts of capital and architectural skill have
gone into many of these stations, and they are truly
wonders of our age. What visitor to this city could fail to
be impressed by the grand vaulted ceilings of the stations,
or the ornate hotels attached to many of them? I, for one,
while seeking sustenance among the travelers arriving in
the city, always take the time to marvel at the skill
displayed in these buildings.

The Underground

The nature of the main stations caused London
significant inconvenience in recent years, as foot and
cab traffic between them increased. The traffic in Lon-
don became slower and slower. It was evident that
something needed to be done to alleviate the problem.
The solution is a model of engineering: a railway that
runs under the city, rather than through it. The District
and Metropolitan railways, as they are known, run in a
circle around the heart of the city, joining all the major
stations ina loop. Thus it is at last possible to travel from,

revented the railway companies driving their business 5 le
© e)
‘ TUHUE Y f
| oNDo. |
Edgware
Road Baker Street St. Pancras &) 1886
s i a y eit oles
Mlustratéa QP CH. Venus
O) =< Paddington A yn 2S oS
Great Portland on Sat
Street Farringdon Sp, ©
Moorgate § =
O) < Notting Hill 3 :
: Aldgate—g
Cannon Street E N€
& Tower of London ‘3
©) <High Street : \~ E
St. James Park CUTS CUTER TE TUTE ETT mm OY
| Blackfriar =~ ] Z
Gloucester : =
Road! Viotoria | Westminster : geen :
(®) oO ©) oO OTT (Om S : :
K Gg ©
South za 4 S A
Kensington /| RIVER ph is London Bermondsey
Brilge

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED

nh A =


say, Charing Cross to St. Pancras without causing incon-
venience to the users of London's roads. Although
developers conducted some experiments with a pneu-
matic system, the trains are steam-powered like any
others, with the smoke dispersed by mechanical contriv-
ances that are beyond my comprehension.

As well as the Inner Circle, the line extends out to
the East, through Whitechapel and Mile End, and to the
West, through Knightsbridge, Kensington and Putney.
Even Shepherd's Bush, Hampstead and Swiss Cottage
are accessible through the Underground. The lines do
not run late into the night, so many of our subterranean
Kindred take advantage of the tunnels for easy move-
ment during the night.

The Roads

A walk on London's roads is not for the weak or
easily disturbed. Certainly, ladies should always travel in
cabs, for the din of iron-shod hooves and wheels on stone
cobbles is loud enough to offend delicate constitutions
and to make conversation difficult. The mud and horse
dung that cover much of the streets does a little to muffle
the sound, but also ensures that a gentleman must have
a boot scraper outside his front door, lest visitors' boots
besmirch the carpets of his haven from the world. While
a walk in the dead of night can be a pleasant and
sustaining experience, at other times I would recom-
mend the use of London's cabs.

Cabs and the Omnibus

Two main carriages can be found for hire found on
London's streets. The Hackney carriage is the longest-
serving of London's cabs. A comfortable, if slow moving,
service, it easily accommodates four people in comfort in
the spacious carriage. The cab is horse-drawn and travels
on four wheels, quite unlike its more fashionable com-
petitor, the hansom cab. These two-wheeled cabs are
seen in increasing numbers on our streets, and are popu-
lar with mortals and Kindred alike for their speed in the
traffic-clogged streets. Many of our kind choose to keep
their own carriages, with drivers whose loyalty and
discretion is assured through the normal means. Such
drivers have the benefit of a hardier constitution, which
can be a great boon when the weather turns inclement.

I would be disappointed to find any of our kind on
the horse-drawn omnibuses, and would consider any
such person to more than likely be a member of the less
conscionable clans. Still, these large, often two-deck
horse-drawn carriages run right up until midnight, and so
may be used by Kindred who have a reason to pretend to
be of the lower classes, though the reasons they should do

LONDON BY NIGHT [/ a 7

so elude me. The majority of buses are run by the London
General Omnibus Company, though a number of smaller,
competitive companies have offered their services to the
public.

In recent years, a system of trams has started to
appear on our streets. While these carriages are useful for
the lower classes and some Kindred of lower status, the
fact that they cease running early at night makes them of
very limited use to us.

The River and the Docks

The Thames is the very life blood of London, and
therein has lain its problem. As the British Empire has
grown, the number of ships entering the river from all
parts of the world has likewise grown. In the recent past,
the number of ships moored in the river had numbered so
many that navigating the river had become all but
impossible. The solution was simple, and achieved with
considerable expenditure from both private and public
purses. A large number of docks are now found along the
river, right up to Greenwich.

Starting at the Tower of London and moving east-
wards, you will find the St. Katherine's Dock, followed by
the London Docks, a magnificent and busy docklands
that remains in demand despite its age. On the south side
of the river you then find the Surrey Docks, and just
beyond, on the northern bank of the Thames, is the
Regent Dock. Then, on the Isle of Dogs, there are the
West India, South and Millwall Docks. A little beyond,
you may find the East India Dock. All of these deal with
the growing trade with the empire, and the Indies in
particular, that has brought so much wealth to the
country. Out at the very limits of the city, at Woolwich,
lie the Victoria and Albert Docks.

Each of the docks has, of course, an accompanying
number of warehouses and houses within walking dis-
tance for the working men that deal with the loading and
unloading of the mighty steamships. Low drinking houses
and opium dens often accompany these, of a kind that
many of us find profitable enterprises or hunting grounds.

The Thames itself has become less of a means of
transport for London's own residents. The growth of the
railways and the new bridges that span the river have
allowed easy passage from one side to the other, without
the need to pay arow man, join one of the regular services
or fight your way across London Bridge. An under-river
tunnel allows one to cross the river between the Tower
and Southwark, though there are plans afoot to construct
a grand Tower Bridge, to be open by the end of the
century, which will render the tunnel redundant.


=z

Ln te

£5
de
~

nici aiden

The Bridges

For centuries, London has had to make do with a
single bridge between Southwark and the east end of the
City. In the last century, technical advances have led to
the river being spanned by eighteen different bridges,
allowing easy passages between the two banks and the
unification of the two sides of the river. We now have
thirteen footbridges, four rail bridges and one combined
bridge. Their importance to the city, and to its Kindred
residents, cannot be underestimated. The fiefs of South
London are some of the best hunting grounds in the city,
and hunting rights are swapped for favors nightly among
those who do not already have established territory in
the East and West Ends of the city. Yet most of our
Kindred still keep their main havens north of the river.
Hence, for many of our kind, the night begins with a walk
across the river.

Starting with the furthest upstream and working
downstream, the bridges are as follows:

Hammersmith

Putney

Wandsworth

Battersea (rail)

Albert (between Battersea Park and Chelsea)
Victoria (between Battersea Park and Pimlico)
Grosvenor (rail)

Vauxhall

Lambeth

Westminster

Charing Cross (both rail and foot)

Waterloo

Blackfriars

Alexandra (rail)

Southwark

Cannon St. (rail)

London Bridge

In Conclusion

As I have made plain, the advent of the railway and
the empire has transformed out fair city. Nowhere is this
more evident than in her very heart. I now include the
contribution of my dear friend and compatriot, Miss
Juliet Parr, whose knowledge of central London is unsur-
passed amongst our Kindred.

f eu? | 8 a Wa
me E | Jao
l

PS Sh 2g ID PR a hg

.
7

F F f= . Se
J ,

ry
The Villages and Rookeries
North of the Thames

North London is a land of contrasts. Rich and poor
live within astone's throw of each other, vice and culture
going hand-in-hand. Hills give way to river lands and
forests to the Urban Jungle. Here, new stands atop old. It
is the most venerable part of the city, home to places of
power, dark and light, rich and poor.

— Juliet,

Childe of Oliver,

Childe of Seren.

The Far North

London's northern suburbs, situated on the hills
overlooking the Thames, are a stark contrast to the
image of London as a maze of streets and squares. These
northern reaches — Hampstead, Highgate and Muswell
Hill for example — are positively rural, nestling among
woodlands, fields and heaths. Each is a pseudo-village,
tied to the city by a thin strip of houses that follow the
main roads north from London (the Finchley Road and
Holloway Road respectively) as well as the recently
expanded railway networks.

Hampstead is renowned for its heath, a rolling green-
sward that encompasses ponds, woods and ancient
monuments including, so legend has it, Boudicca's Grave.
Here, too, lies Parliament Hill, the Vale of Heath and
Kenwood House, home to the Earls of Mansfield. The
Heath is beloved of London's Gangrel, but members of
Clan Brujah also congregate here, meeting in the 18th-
century coaching inn called John Straw's Castle, named
fora companion of Wat Tyler. Another, even older pub,
the Spaniard's Inn, attracts young Toreador drawn by its

illustrious former patrons Byron, Keats, Dickens and

Shelley. Other things lurk here too —1 spoke toa Lupine
in this area (I had just broken her right femur so she was
not particularly polite) who said her kind sought to resist
the expansion of the city into their domain. A hulking
monster of a man who claimed to be one of the fae —
horrible creature — whom I encountered on Parliament
Hill said much the same, in that he feared the tide of
humdrum life that was washing over the mystical places
of old. Balderdash.

Highgate, with its woods and elegant village life, is
best known for its cemetery. Here lie Karl Marx, George
Elliot (a fine woman, Mary Anne; I met her once. Not
afraid to defy convention! ), Michael Farraday, Christina
Rossetti and the family of Dickens (Charles lies in
Westminster Abbey). Coleridge lies nearby, resting in

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED


wae

ips ati

the vault of St. Michael's Church, while Francis Bacon
also died in the "village." The sylvan cemetery's archi-
tecture ranges from the Classical to the Romantic; its
subterranean Egyptian Avenue features massive obelisks
and family vaults, while the Lebanon Circle comprises a
number of crypts sunk in a circle around an ancient
cedar. Highgate has a reputation, a little exaggerated, as
one of London's premier haunted sites, exceeded only by
Westminster Palace, Marble Arch (Tyburn as was) and
the Tower of London. The combination of occult mys-
tery, literary inspiration and social zeal attracts Toreador
and Brujah to Highgate, and London's few Tremere also
visit occasionally. I'm reliably informed that if you want
to speak to the dead, here is the place to do it, though the
idea of communicating with the departed really doesn't
appeal.

Muswell Hill is the third memorable "village" in the
north, perched on a hilltop and dominated by two
massive edifices. Alexandra Palace — the people's pal-
ace — looks out over the Thames valley and is home to
numerous soirees and orchestral galas. The grounds here
are home to a fun fair, cricket ground and lakes, as well
as a popular racetrack, most of which have been added
since the first palace burnt down in 1873 scarcely two
weeks after its opening. On the lee of the hill, as the land
rises toward Barnet, sits Colney Hatch, a massive asylum
whose reputation is second only to Bedlam. A Malkavian
of my acquaintance calls the asylum home and preys on
the inmates, though she prefers to wander further afield.

Highgate and Wraiths

In mechanical terms, the difficulty of using
Necromancy within the cemetery is reduced by 1
(2 in the case of the Ash Path).

The Near North

Closer to the heart of London are the slums and
tenements of Camden and Islington, as well as the more
affluent Regency Houses of Regent's Park. Camden sits
astride the Regent's Canal (which links the Grand
Union Canal at Paddington with the Thames at
Limehouse) just northeast of Regent's Park and its fa-
mous zoo (I tried lion's blood once — too coppery for my
tastes). It is an area of mixed fortunes, the well-to-do
houses bordering Regent's Park giving way to the slums
of Camden and Somers Town, the latter widely adjudged
one of the worst in London. It is here that Dickens set
parts of his books such as A Christmas Carol and David
Copperfield. Between Camden and Highgate lie the homes

of numerous immigrants, particularly Irish, though the

LONDON BY NIGHT

route to Highgate has retained an aura of respectability,
despite its proximity to the City House of Correction.
The distinctive redbrick gothic Midland Grand Hotel
(built in 1874) at St. Pancras Station lies between
Somers Town and Bloomsbury, and is a major way
station for Kindred heading north from the city, as it
features a covered passage leading from the nearby un-
derground station to the basement and another to the
station proper.

Once a popular spa famed in the 18th century for its
tea gardens and medicinal well, Islington has fallen on
hard times since the construction of the Regent's Canal.
The area has seen a massive population boom and be-
come increasingly urbanized, and tonight some parts of
Islington are little better than Camden. The Sadler's
Wells Theatre was once among the most notorious in
London (certainly not the sort of place I'd care to
venture) but has, in recent years, been "rescued" from
disaster by Samuel Phelps and become a respected venue
for drama, though still not as well regarded as those of
central London. Underneath the southern part of
Islington, known colloquially as Angel after the Angel
Inn, a recently rebuilt coaching inn, is the 960-yard long
tunnel of the Regent's Canal, which opened in 1820.
This tunnel is the site of an ongoing conflict between a
group of Nosferatu and other vermin who desire it as a
lair. Immediately south of Angel lies Clerkenwell, cen-
tered on Clerkenwell "Green" (in fact a paved square).
The rookery here is among the worst slums in the city,
made famous by Oliver Twist, and is known locally as
Little Italy for all the Italian immigrants who have
moved into the area.

The houses around Regent's Park, on the Outer
Circle or nearby roads such as Baker Street, are within
easy reach of the West End and thus seen as prime
residences for the well-to-do. Here lies one terminus of
the newfangled underground railway, which passes the
surgeries of Harley Street and the slums of Tottenham
Court Road en route to The City. Several Ventrue lair in
the area, and Toreador are drawn to the cultural attrac-
tions of the neighborhood, notably the open-air theatre
and the zoological gardens. In 1835, Madame Marie
Tussaud (once tutor to Louis XVI's sister and maker of
death masks during the Reign of Terror) set up an
exhibition of her waxworks in Baker Street, which has
become one of the area's foremost attractions, moving to
new premises around the corner on Marylebone Road in
1884. The exhibition site is regarded as a place of
pilgrimage by many Parisian Toreador and is accepted as
part of London's Elysium. On the far side of Regent's
Park, across the canal in St. Johns Wood, lies the Lord's


«

‘4 f
: my Ok BI 5 gy oe

Cricket Ground, home since 1814 to the Marylebone
Cricket Club (affectionately known as the MCC) and
undisputed birthplace of the game. Surprisingly for a
game that can last five days and that takes place only
during the day, Lord's is popular with a number of
Kindred who use a mixture of technical apparatus (mir-
rors, shutters and the like) and magic (the bestial power
of Subsume the Spirit, for example) to view the games
from a secure subterranean chamber. Personally, I can't
see the attraction of watching men hita leather ball with
a lump of wood. Harley Street, running south from
Regent's Park parallel to Baker Street, features a number
of large houses, many of which are doctor's practices. At
least one Tremere has his lair here, risking the prince's
wrath should he be discovered.

f
f

The Great Detective

Arthur Conan Doyle's superlative detective,
Sherlock Holmes, lived at 221b Baker Street, just
south of Regent's Park. The cocaine-addicted
Holmes is, of course, a fictional character who first
appeared in A Study in Scarlet in 1887, but his
methods of observation and deduction are closely
based on the real-life exploits of Dr. Joseph Bell,
Doyle's mentor and lecturer at Edinburgh Medical
School. In recent years, the Murder Rooms books
by David Pirie (also made into a TV series with
several original stories) have linked Bell and Doyle
as a "real world" Holmes and Watson, solving a
series of mysteries. Some Storytellers may regard
such a duo as an interesting addition to the World
of Darkness, a combination of criminologists and
hunters in the Victorian night.

West London

West London is, asa whole, more affluent than other
districts, containing many of the homes of the rich and
well-to-do. In common parlance the whole area west of
The City to the edge of London is known as the West
End. As this is such a large area I have, for simplicity,
divided it into two broad districts: the principally resi-
dential and cultural "West London" (encompassing
Kensington, Hammersmith, Chelsea and Acton), and
the more commercial and governmental "West End"
(principally Westminster, Holborn and Soho).

Chelsea is an affluent district on the banks of the
Thames, once a riverside village and home to numerous
artists and writers. The fine houses are favored residences
of the well-heeled (and no few Ventrue and Toreador, it
stands to reason) but the most notable features of the

a

iA
4
{4

>

a
—s

~~
-,

1 |
2 ae, 5 OL LL SD

Again are the Physic Garden and the Royal Hospital.
The former, established by the Royal Society of Apoth-
ecaries in 1673, contains a wide variety of medicinal
herbs and a bewildering array of exotic species of plants.
Although not as large as the gardens at Kew, it is
nonetheless an essential stop for those interested in
horticulture or desirous of certain rare herbs. The Royal
Hospital is a retirement home for soldiers, designed by
Christopher Wren in the years after the civil war. Its
residents are notable by their red coats and tricorner
hats, which date from its 17th-century founding. The
prince has declared the hospital off-limits to other Kin-
dred, claiming it as his exclusive domain, and the residents,
the Chelsea Pensioners, under his personal protection.
Under Valerius's tenure, this practice fell into neglect,
but after his return, Mithras made bloody examples of
those who flouted the prohibition.

Kensington and Knightsbridge are likewise well-to-
do areas, encompassing some of the key cultural and
educational institutions in London, both mortal and
Kindred. Lying south of Hyde Park (to which] will return
forthwith) is the recently constructed Royal Albert Hall.
Originally to be called the Hall of Arts and Science —
Queen Victoria changed its name in memory of her
husband — the cylindrical edifice is surprisingly humble
for a Victorian building, though its red-velvet interior,
used mostly for classical concerts, is breathtaking. Con-
struction was partly funded by selling seats and boxes on
a999-year lease, and numerous Toreador and Ventrue of
the city are seat-owners, considering the price a fair
investment given their unlife expectancy. As might be
expected, the Albert Hall, the adjacent Royal College of
Music and the nearby Royal College of Arts are part of
the Elysium.

Due south of Albert Hall lies the Royal College of
Science, the Royal School of Mines, and the City and
Guilds College, which together work to advance the
understanding of the natural world. I have heard talk of
merging the three schools into a unified "imperial col-
lege," but disagreements among the governors of the
institutions mean this is unlikely to happen soon. The
atmosphere in the schools is rather stuffy, certainly
compared to the gothic edifice of the Natural History
Museum on Cromwell Road. Opened in 1881, this mas-
sive structure houses all sorts of exhibits relating to the
natural world, though the most impressive are the dino-
saur skeletons situated in the massive entrance hall.
Lectures and soirees are frequent features of the museum,
at which the Toreador and Malkavian Primogen and
their entourages are regular attendees.

Just up the road from the Natural History Museum is
the Museum of Manufactures, containing exhibits from

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED

cae a are ne ANA ASN! Ate ore ©

"ot

eo

fe Fg Sh a


LONDON BY ig

>»

52 wWH Qe

all over the British Empire. Opened in 1857, it serves as
the permanent home of the decorative items displayed in
the Crystal Palace during the Great Exhibition. The
trustees feel that the present buildings are too small and
plans are afoot to construct a new museum on a nearby
site. The expanded premises will be called, no great
surprise, the Victoria and Albert Museum.

Hyde Park, directly north of Kensington, is the
largest open space in central London, covering 340 acres
but completely surrounded by buildings. Once the lands
of Westminster Abbey, the park contains a boating and
bathing lake (the Serpentine), woodland and gallops. It
was the site of the Crystal Palace and the Great Exhibi-
tion, and continues to be the favored place for duels,
though the practice has largely disappeared since the
British Army banned dueling in 1844. Speaker's Corner,
in the northeastern reaches of the park opposite Marble
Arch, is the favored haunt of radicals (and no few Brujah
in my experience) who seek to voice their opinions. It
was established by an Act of Parliament in 1872, and
anyone with an opinion can express it here, traditionally
on a Sunday morning though obviously Cainites don't
hold with this restriction and hold their own gatherings
in the small hours, without fear of interference (though
haranguing is quite likely).

Marble Arch, located just outside the park at the
head of Oxford Street, is a massive stone edifice, origi-
nally intended as the main entrance to Buckingham
Palace. It soon proved too small, however, and was
relocated to its present site in the year of the Great
Exhibition. The site formerly housed the Tyburn Gal-
lows, London's principal place of execution until 1783
(when it was superceded by Newgate). I can personally
attest that the area is haunted by the tortured souls of
those dispatched here in front of jeering spectators.

The West End

The core of London (for good or ill...) is the West
End, a series of interlocking "villages" that serve as the
brain (Westminster), heart (Soho) and soul (Royal Pal-
aces) of the city — and I suppose St. Giles would be the
bowels.

Westminster centers on the Houses of Parliament
(also referred to as the Palace of Westminster since it
incorporates the last relics of the old Royal Palace).
Parliament has sat here since 1612, but the present
building is mostly less than a century old. A major fire in
1834 gutted all but Westminster Hall and the Jewel
Tower, and the new building wasn't completed until
1860. Since the days of Oliver Cromwell, Parliament has
been the domain of Lady Anne Bowesley, though she is
constantly on her guard against challengers, both exter-

een gee eee EE Tp TCI a
2

"~~

ke ve aT...
ANI eles EEL . 7"

1

A

nal and from within her own Clan Ventrue. The sen-
eschal believes the fire of 1834 was an attempt to
undermine her authority, perhaps by the Sabbat forces
active in the city at that time, or maybe by dissident
Camarilla forces led by the now-exiled Roman Pendragon.
Across the square from Parliament stands
Westminster Abbey, an impressive edifice begun in the
reign of Edward the Confessor before the Norman inva-
sion. Most of the construction dates from the reign of
Henry III in the 13th century, but the building was not
fully completed until shortly before the Reformation
(with additions made by Nicholas Hawksmoor in 1745,
but I will speak more on Hawksmooras we proceed). The
gothic building, originally a Benedictine Abbey, incor-
porated a school and cloisters for study and contemplation
though this function was replaced by political machina-
tion (the Commons used to meet here after the
Reformation). The abbey has remained a major religious
structure, as the site of almost every state coronation
since William I and the burial place of many kings and
queens. Perhaps because of its continual use and place at
the heart of English society, Westminster Abbey is a
difficult place for Kindred to enter; even the most strong-
willed feel uncomfortable and the majority suffer immense
pain, if they were able to cross the threshold at all. The
Tremere, who seek access to the abbey's formidable
library, have long sought a way round this aura of holi-
ness but must, by and large, resort to mortal proxies.
Up Whitehall toward Trafalgar Square lies Down-
ing Street, the residence of Prime Ministers since 1732.
Mithras discourages any interference with the workings
of the residence but Lady Anne is a frequent "guest,"
both officially (in the guise of a peer of the realm) or using
her Kindred powers to bypass the guards. Also in

Westminster is New Scotland Yard, a Ventrue domain

and the headquarters of the Metropolitan Police, having
moved from Great Scotland Yard in 1890.

Trafalgar Square stands at the head of Whitehall,
established in the 1830s and home to the 165-ft. tall
Nelson's Column. On the north side of the square is the
National Gallery, a Neo-Classical building opened in
1838 that houses a superlative collection of state-owned
art. The National Gallery and the neighboring National
Portrait Gallery are part of the Elysium, overseen by
Toreador interests with Malkavian support. The new
Tate Gallery, opened on Millbank in 1897, has yet to be
formally recognized as part of the Elysium but most
London Kindred behave as if it were.

West of Trafalgar Square lies St. James Park, and
beyond that is Buckingham Palace, the queen's London
Residence. By Mithras's decree, no Kindred is to enter
the palace on pain of Final Death, a response to the


7

Jet i
~ 4 f a
og Sy re BI 3. go po. —

a ©
a : Jag 1 Oy a 9

—-

17

presence of William Gull, Queen Victoria's physician
and unofficial protector. St. James's Palace is likewise out
of bounds but this has not prevented the city's Kindred
from enjoying a nighttime stroll in Green Park and St.
James's Park.

Due north of Green Park is Picadilly, home to many
of the city's gentlemen's clubs, and beyond that Mayfair,
where lie the most sought-after residences in the city.
Valerius owns a house in Albany, close to Burlington
House (the Royal Academy of Arts), but to Lady Anne's
chagrin, she has been unable to acquire a property in the
exclusive close thanks to the misogynist rules governing
their ownership and occupation. At the eastern end of
Picadilly is Picadilly Circus, a gaudy mélange of shops
and music halls, at the center of which is a newly erected
winged statue. Even further east, the music halls of
Leicester Square — notably the Empire and Alhambra
— have recently taken over what was once a prime
residential area. Both the square and Picadilly are popu-
lar rendezvous points and ideal hunting grounds for
Kindred.

Heading further north and east from Leicester Square,
the West End's character changes markedly. To the

north lies Soho, a fashionable area in the 17th and 18th
centuries but shunned more recently. Some parts of Soho
attempt to cling to respectability but much of the area is
home to impoverished immigrants. The "night houses"
of Scho are home to prostitutes of both sexes, exploiting
the more liberal attitude of the immigrant-dominated
area. Drinking and opium dens are also rife in the area,
managed by mortal and Kindred crime bosses. Although
seedy, Soho pales in significance compared to the area to
the northeast, St. Giles Rookery in Holborn. Without
doubt, this is the most rundown part of the city; the maze-
like slums of the rookery are home to numerous vagrants,
cutthroats and prostitutes. The squalid conditions of the
houses — some rooms house more than twenty people —
are worse than those of animal lairs, and are a breeding
ground for disease, particularly cholera and consump-
tion, making the area less appealing to discerning Kindred.
Despite the small space occupied by St. Giles, several
Nosferatu make their havens there.

Surprisingly, not far from the St. Giles' Rookery is
the British Museum, London's preeminent center for
history and learning. Private evening soirees allow
London's Kindred to enjoy the museum's exhibits (some

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED

= Paap ta smd eb abe fo 0

~

\ lO G7 CXS Se ZA


LoNoo BY NIGHT

ela = -
Se ee

eee Ef

of them recall when the artifacts were new!) and to
mingle with the upper echelons of mortal society. At the
heart of the museum complex is the reading room, which
houses tens of thousands of books and is seen by many
Kindred as their library. Others have nurtured the mortal
souls who have passed through the reading room, includ-
ing Karl Marx, Mohandas Gandhi and Thomas Carlyle.
It is an open secret among the Kindred (and presumably
other supernaturals in the city) that one of the
Egyptologists at the museum, Dr. Gregory Wildham, is a
Shemsu Heru, one of the undying more commonly
known as mummies. He is gregarious and willing to hold
forth ona wide range of topics to those prepared to listen.
He will not, however, tolerate any form of violence
within his domain, and the British Museum is not only
an Elysium for the Kindred of London but also the city's
other supernatural entities.

Turning south from Holborn takes us to Covent
Garden, an area of stark contrasts. The covered central
piazza houses a fruit and vegetable market, while the
surrounding arcades house shops and chambers as well as
numerous street entertainers. In the northeast corner of
the piazza stands the Royal Opera House, a mélange of
Victorian and preexisting structures that has seen nu-
merous classical performers and shows. Like the Albert
Hall, prominent Kindred regularly attend performances
at the Opera House, observing each other and the well-
to-do kine from their private boxes.

Running parallel to the Thames is the Strand, the
principal thoroughfare linking The City and Westminster,
as well as the site of many prestigious residences (includ-
ing that of Prince Mithras) and newly opened Savoy
Hotel. The massive Somerset House marks the eastern
limit of the Strand, built in the late 18th century to house
various government offices. The building also houses
what little exists of Kindred governmental bureaucracy,
and a secret tunnel leading from the Kindred warrens to
Mithras's house.

The eastern extension of the Strand toward The
City is the heart of the legal system in London, Britain
and the empire. Completed in 1882, the Royal Courts of
Justice on Fleet Street (also renowned for its newspaper
offices) are the nation's principal courts, and the sur-
rounding buildings are geared to supporting them. The
so-called Inns of Court, a combination of legal school
and chambers for lawyers and barristers, stand north and
south of the court. Middle and Inner Temple lie situated
south of the Strand toward the Thames, and Lincoln's
Inn and Gray's Inn to the north around High Holborn.
The first two trace their origins to the Knights Templar,
who had premises on the site, though most of the build-
ings in the four Inns of Court are of Elizabethan or more

recent origin. Unbeknownst to the mortal legal practi-
tioners, a series of tunnels weave their way under the
buildings, avoiding the subterranean Fleet River to pro-
vide Kindred (mostly Ventrue but including some Brujah
and Toreador) interested in the legal proceedings with
access to the premises and practitioners.

The City

The site of the old Roman and medieval towns, The
City (also called the Square Mile) is London's financial
heart. The old city walls came down (mostly) in 1760,
though several fragments remain, and the line can be
seen in the street names (such as London Wall near
Moorgate) and layout. Even before the Great Fire, this
part of London was the merchant quarter, and the 17th-
century reconstruction bolstered this with magnificent
financial edifices.

Situated just west of St. Paul's, on the boundary
between The City and Westminster, stands Newgate
Gaol, London's infamous jail, which replaced Tyburn as
the city's principal place of execution. For eighty-five
years, such executions were held in public, but after
1868, they were moved into the security of the prison's
grounds. The building was the focus of the Brujah-
sponsored Gordon Rioters in the late 18th century, and
it remains a target of that clan's enmity.

The Guildhall (rebuilt in 1673 after the Great Fire)
is the center of mortal and Kindred power in this city-
within-a-city; the City of London Corporation has
controlled affairs for over eight hundred years. Indeed,
The City has its own police force independent of the
Met, which is a constant source of friction, both among
the mortals and between the Kindred who claim domin-
ion over the police.

The Bank of England on Threadneedle Street, _

founded in 1694, is the fiscal center of not only The City
but also of London, Britain and the empire as a whole.
Also located on Threadneedle Street is the Stock Ex-
change, the largest in the world. Almost as important,
and certainly of higher profile, is nearby Lloyd's of
London. Once little more than a coffee shop managed by
Edward Lloyd, it is tonight based in the Royal Exchange
and is the heart of the maritime insurance industry. With
shipping the lifeblood of the empire, vast fortunes can be
made — or lost — here underwriting policies, with the
tolling of the Lutine Bell signifying a vessel lost at sea.
Lloyd's and the Stock Exchange are home to a number of
fiscally minded Ventrue, though the Giovanni also have
a minor presence.

Built originally by William the Conqueror and both
extended and refined by his successors, the Tower of
London stands guard over the city. Seemingly the ideal


nn en AME

eT

OU Be,

place for Kindred to reside, outsiders are surprised to
learn that none reside there and few will even contem-
plate entering its precincts. That the tower is haunted is
beyond doubt — it has been a place of imprisonment and
execution for centuries, with notable "guests" including
Anne Boleyn, Walter Raleigh and, according to popular
legend, Richard and Edward, better knownas the Princes
in the Tower — but a darker shadow hangs over the
fortress. Some say that Lupines lair there (though this
seems unlikely given their love of open lands) or that
some great evil is buried far underground. It matters not;
we do not go there.

To the east of the Tower, work is underway on anew
Thames crossing, to complement or replace the existing
tunnel and that at Greenwich. This fortress-like Tower
Bridge' is the source of much work in the East End, and
is to open in 1895.

In times past, the center of the prince's blood-cult
was to be found in The City, as the capital's principal
Mithraeum was located on the banks of the Walbrook.
Since the prince's relocation to the Strand, the new
temple there has become the focus of routine meetings.
The Walbrook site remains the venue for important
gatherings (such as December 25th). Although the best

C SOMERSET,
HOUSE
=: => X4

7
tia
SALE 2)

a

known, St. Paul's Cathedral is only one of dozens of
churches in the Square Mile. The sanctity of the site
means that few Kindred can enter the cathedral or its
precincts without pain, though the aura of holiness is less
fierce than at Westminster. Some of the London Kindred
whisper that this strength of faith in St. Paul's — and the
key placement of other churches, notably those of Nicho-
las Hawksmoor, around the capital — is part of some
wider conspiracy by a secret mortal faction (perhaps the
Masons) to hamper the activities of the city's Kindred.
These paranoid vampires claim "proof" in the alignment
of key buildings in the city, but as far as I'm concerned a
few colored lines on a piece of paper make for pretty
patterns, not evidence of some hidden conspiracy.

St. Bartholomew's Hospital, just north of St. Paul's,
is the oldest in London, established in 1123 and attached
to the adjacent priory (part of which survived the Refor-
mation as the Church of St. Bartholomew the Great).
The hospital has particular significance to the Brujah:
The peasant rebel leader Wat Tyler was brought here for
treatment in 1381, but he was removed and executed by
soldiers. By order of the Brujah elder Tyler, the hospital
precincts are sacrosanct, in recognition of their attempts
to treat her lover, and any vampire who attempts to feed

| eseN —\
ay CATHEDRAL

OF
LONDON
1859
Mattar aye OOF Venus
OK

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED

a wat cee:

re —

A4


a es

a ,
= - |; 147i
— ad sii,

j

on or harm the patients or staff of Bart's must answer to
her. In stark contrast, the Brujah are specifically encour-
aged to trouble occupants of the Fishmonger's Hall near
London Bridge (it was a member of that guild who slew
Wat Tyler), though the practice has fallen out of fashion
under the strictures of the Camarilla.

The East End

To the east of The City lie the slums of the East End,
notably Whitechapel and Spitalfields, but also Shadwell
(renowned, perhaps unfairly, for its opium dens). Living
conditions are atrocious, with prostitution and petty
crime abundant. Immigrants dominate the area, particu-
larly Irish fleeing the potato famine of 1845-49 and Jews
escaping the Eastern European pogroms of the last two
decades. It was here, with the exception of Catherine
Eddowes (whose body was found at Mitre Square in City
jurisdiction), that Jack the Ripper hunted. This den of
villainy is home to thousands of immigrants and is prime
hunting ground for the Kindred. Indeed, one enterpris-
ing individual, the Nosferatu Fagin, has sought to turn
the East End into his personal fief. Mithras has so far
tolerated this "insurrection" — he has bigger fish to fry
— but Fagin is mistaken if he thinks the prince will leave
him alone forever.

Liverpool Street station, opened in 1874, stands on
the site of the original Bethlehem Hospital (also known
as Bedlam — the current hospital in Lambeth is the third
to bear the name). Many of the city's Malkavians swear
an aura of madness remains on the site, and they fre-
quently congregate at the Great Eastern Hotel that
stands on the exact location of the hospital. Running
south from the station is Middlesex Street, better known
as Petticoat Lane, the heart of the clothing trade in the
East End. Many of the houses in the street and surround-
ing lanes are the abodes of home-workers who eke out a
meager living.

Prostitution is rife in the area. Estimates vary, from
twelve hundred prostitutes counted in Whitechapel by
the Metropolitan Police in 1888, to "one in sixteen"
women practicing this lowest of trades (the Lancet,
1857), aclear demonstration that the "upright values" of
the modern Victorian age are a sham. That prostitution
is illegal matters little: Demand for the women's services
cannot be denied, and many East End women fall back
on the so-called "thrupenny trade" when money is short.
To avoid arrest for on-street solicitation, many of the
area's prostitutes walk a circuit around the church of St.
Botolph at Aldgate before heading off with their clients.
The Ten Bells pub on Commercial Street and the nearby
Britannia (better known as the Ringers after its propri-
etors) are also focal points of the trade.

rAGr VA
4 A ApJ i.

ee ee ak | ond os 7, PE Le

4 ' a iy
< 17%
ne

* ‘
‘<= wy al OY

Common Lodging Houses

Even in the East End, housing is prohibitively
expensive and most families have little more than
one or two rooms in which to live, cook and sleep.
Many residents cannot even afford these poor ac-
commodations and instead reside in common
lodging houses (there are over two hundred in
Whitechapel, housing some 8500 people), paying a
nightly rate for a bed and sharing cooking and
washing facilities.

Accommodations in these houses are dormi-
tory style, amix of double and single beds, sometimes
with privacy screens but most times not. A single
bed costs fourpence a night, while a double costs
eightpence. Those without the funds for a bed
could instead pay a twopence to sleep upright
leaning on a clothesline, whose removal first thing
in the morning often resulted in the sleepers col-
lapsing to the floor.

These lodging houses are inspected at least
once a week by a police sergeant, but this does
nothing to improve the conditions — vermin and
insects are commonplace and the buildings are
generally unhygienic. It is no wonder, therefore,
that many will trade themselves for a night's lodg-
ing, something that Kindred who aren't particular
about their source of vitae can easily exploit.

Across from the Ten Bells stands the baroque Christ
Church, Spitalfields, the most impressive structure in
the East End, designed by Nicholas Hawksmoor and
completed in 1729, though it has recently undergone

numerous modifications. The magnificent church was

built to stamp Anglicanism on the area, preventing its
domination by the non-conformist Huguenots who had
fled here from France. The structure is regarded as part of
the Elysium, the only building in the East End afforded
such status.

Opened in 1740, the London Hospital on
Whitechapel Road tends to the needs of the local com-
munity, including several wards and kitchens dedicated
to those of the Jewish faith. The hospital has gained a
certain notoriety in recent years as the home of Joseph
Carey Merrick (1862-1890), alsoknownas John Merrick
— or less sympathetically, the Elephant Man. Brought to
the hospital by Frederick Treves in 1886, Merrick has
drawn many of the city's physicians to the East End.

The Salvation Army, established in the East End in
1865, retains a strong presence in the area and seeks to


s a

ee? |
3 +

@ eo (p)

| sSTEND li
LONDON

L 1859

Mbistrated By QP CH. Venus I |

a th

Ly,

A Se og IY ES

S aa

ke x 17 ,
1 ‘ . <2
, ¥
oy Seem, Jn 9 OD )

4

ll

ET bs

|

A

support the poor and disaffected. Under the generalship
of William Booth, the Army operates soup kitchens and
homes for alcoholics, fallen women and released prison-
f ers. Initially ridiculed, the organization has received
4 considerable public attention and funding (thanks in
WAY part tothe public awareness generated by the Whitechapel
Murders). Unbeknownst to Booth, several Kindred have
exploited the Salvation Army's operations in the East
End for their own purposes, "recruiting" a herd from its
numbers in stark defiance of the Army's goals.
More north than east of The City is Hackney and its
| attendant districts of Stoke Newington, Shoreditch and
Bethnal Green, which lie between Islington and the rest
¥ of the East End. There have been settlements here
} almost as long as the city of London has existed — they
stood at the time of Domesday, and Stoke Newington
claims to be pre-Roman in origin. Shoreditch is little
} different than the neighboring district of Whitechapel,
§ but Hackney and the other northeastern areas still cling
to a measure of respectability. Buildings such as Sutton
House, a red brick structure of Tudor origin, once domi-
nated the area though large residences remain the norm.

The broad Hackney Marshes, flanking the River Lea,
block the eastward expansion of the city though the
locals claim the remains of buildings can be found in the
now-flooded land. The marshes serve as a refuge for those
fleeing the law, Kindred and kine alike.

The Isle of Dogs and the Mile End Road

Miss Parr's excellent account grows a little sketchy
as we move east. I feel compelled to add a few observa-
tions on areas to the east of Whitechapel, yet south of
Hackney. Most notable is the land that lies in the
majestic southward sweep of the Thames in this region of
London. This promontory, knownas the Isle of Dogs, has
long been left to nature. Somewhat marshy and swampy
in character, it has been a favorite haunt of mine for some
time, lying as it does so close to the city yet still being an
example of Mother Nature's power. It earned its name as
an island at the turn of the century when a canal was
driven along the top of it. However, the demand for
further docks in London has led to the northern end of
the island becoming home to the vast East and West
India Docks in 1870. Now the whole place is become

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED

oad


ne peice nti a eaten —

Ga Ne I sg > 8 Sf ido 7 Sy A

‘aces i

Dlaces of Faith

Although England is an increasingly secular society, many of its religious institutions retain a powerful
aura of Faith, making it difficult for Kindred to approach or enter them. To do so, the Kindred's player must
roll Willpower against a difficulty equal to the site's True Faith rating (those very rare Kindred with True
Faith reduce this difficulty by their own True Faith rating). In the case of "radiating sites," (indicated by an
R) the True Faith rating decreases with distance from the site, roughly 1 point per 10 yards, though
ultimately subject to Storyteller discretion.

Success means the Kindred can enter the site though he may still feel uncomfortable and perhaps unwell
(one success indicates the character feels seriously unwell, three that he feels discomfited, and five or more
that he feels no ill effects). Each success also determines how long the Cainite may remain in the site; each
dawn, the effective number of successes automatically decreases by one and the Cainite becomes
increasingly uncomfortable. Mortals can notice this discomfort on a Perception + Empathy roll (difficulty
equal to the Kindred's Willpower) and may act accordingly.

Failure results in the character experiencing considerable physical pain if he tries to enter the site,
though he may force himself to do so. Characters who do so suffer one health level of bashing damage per
scene. A botch, however, indicates that the character immediately suffers one health level of lethal damage
and must spend a Willpower point each turn to remain in the area. The pain that follows a botch steadily
builds, and on the third turn (and in subsequent turns) a second Willpower roll is needed against a difficulty
of 7. Each success allows the character to put off additional Willpower rolls for a turn, while failure indicates
the character falls victim to frenzy (Rotschreck). A botch on this roll means the character bursts into flame,
suffering three health levels of aggravated damage per turn. These flames may be extinguished by
conventional methods, but in each turn the character is aflame the player should make a Courage roll
(difficulty 8) or the character will fall into Rotschreck.

Even when Kindred feel comfortable in a holy place, the site's True Faith impacts on their activities.
Allblood point expenditures are doubled, and the difficulty of using Auspex or other perception-enhancing
Disciplines increases by 2. Furthermore, any characters with True Faith effectively increase their rating by
1 while on holy ground (though characters without the True Faith trait do not gain a dot) and the difficulty
of all Faith-related rolls (exorcism, for example) decreases by 2.

Londons Holy Places

Well-used church with devout parishioners 4
Rarely-used church with devout parishioners 3
The Hawksmoor Churches 6 (R)
Lambeth Palace 7 (R)
St. Paul's Cathedral 7 (R)
Temple Church 5
Westminster Abbey 8 (R)

little more than a mass of shipyards, warehouses and
docks.

As well as legitimate business, the area is a den for
activities of the most notorious kind. The working people
here are of a distressingly troublesome mood, and their
disruptive actions and strikes have had some negative
impact on a few ventures I have invested a modest sum
into in recent years. However, I have my suspicions as to
the true motivations behind these actions, which I shall
discuss presently.

LONDON BY NIGHT

The area to the north, around the Mile End Road, is
much as you would expect from an area sandwiched
between the horror of Whitechapel and the Isle of Dogs
— aden for paupers, criminals and the low of society.
The sole building of note is the People's Palace, along-
side the Jewish cemetery on the Mile End Road itself. It
was built following generous bequests from Mr. Baber
Beaumontand the Drapers' Company, in which Valerius
has several associates, | believe. Its stated aim is to be an
educational institution for the poor of the East End, and
in that function it serves admirably. At nights, this


i ae
. ‘4
~_ — Tf

SF, a

y
dj 4
— casainscnipiil le if Z|

MELA

building has become the favored meeting place of our
disgraced seneschal and his lackies, and as such bears
keeping a watchful eye upon.

The rest of the area is given over to depressingly
uniform terraced homes, and the Bethnal Green, a de-
cent expanse of land that feels more like untouched field
than an organized park. A short walk southwest of the
green is the Bethnal Green branch of the South
Kensington Museum, which currently houses a collec-
tion of portraits and is one of the venues used for Elysium.
It is not one I favor myself, and I believe that you hold
similar views, Lady Anne. Your distaste for the neighbor-
ing Bethnal Lunatic Asylum, just to the museum's south,
is evident and understandable.

South of the River

Let us now turn our gaze to the lands south of the
Thames, long derided by many of those who dwell north
of that mighty river as being inferior to the other shore.
To them I say, this is the very place where Shakespeare
first performed his notable plays, and it is home to some
of the greatest scientific ideas of our age, not least the
Meridian Line at Greenwich. It would be a foolish
Kindred who did not turn his eyes toward the possibilities
of this fief, as I have done. Indeed, I am not a little
insulted by suggestions from some quarters that those
Kindred who are new to the city should be given fiefs
here, at the cost of those of us who had the foresight to
stake our claims decades ago.

The Riverside Regions

The southern banks of the Thames remain as busy
and prosperous as ever, although the arrival of the
railways has had its impact on these fiefs as well.

Battersea, Wandsworth © Lambeth

This region of the city, especially the area around
Putney, may be familiar to Prince Mithras as it was a
fashionable place to reside a century ago. However, the
railways have done their work, and the once-open fields
have been filled with those depressing terraces that make
up much of the area now. Notable buildings include the
Surrey House of Correction, the Royal Victoria Patriotic
Asylum and the Friendless Boys Home, which I think
make plain the current tone of the area.

More pleasing to the eye is the new park, which
opened a scant thirty years ago. Battersea Park is there-
fore one of the most recent of the city's parks and, I might
venture to suggest, one of the prettiest as well. I find that
the sub-tropical gardens bring back pleasant memories of

——

5 Za

J,

a gg en

ff / yoy YY
as hy al

— ot

i‘,

+

PAS LL Le =)

39

my time serving Her Majesty in the far-flung parts of the
empire. Battersea Park also features splendid paths for
walks, rides and other activities, and even a lake, if the
mood should take one. Battersea itself was a pleasant area
of market gardening before the arrival of the iron roads.
Now it is a tangle of rails surrounded by industry of
various sorts, from candle factories to glucose works. The
Albert Palace, an impressive structure of glass and iron,
is currently under construction in the remains of Battersea
Fields, which should prove an added reason to visit the
area when it opens.

Lambeth is home to much heavy industry, and as
such is considered the choicest part of this fief. However,
this choice sweetmeat comes at a price. It is also home to
Lambeth Palace, the London residence of the Arch-
bishop of Canterbury for centuries, and considered by
many to be the home of the Church of England. Thus,
the damnable place has a painful aura of faith around it
that makes approaching it agonizing for those of our
persuasion. While the publication of Mr. Darwin's Origin
of the Species has without doubt undermined belief in the
Christian faith, it has made not a jot of difference to
Lambeth Palace, the adjacent St. Mary's Church, and
the grounds of both, which remain effectively barred to
us. Fortunately, the bridge that links the vicinity of
Lambeth Palace and Westminster is amongst the ugliest
on the river, and so its loss to us is no great issue. In my
breathing days I enjoyed visiting the Oval cricket ground,
but alas, nocturnal cricket is all but impossible, even
under gaslight.

Which brings us to Bedlam, or as it more properly
known, the Bethlehem Royal Hospital. This infamous
mental hospital has existed since the 13th century, but
has stood on these grounds only since 1815. For many
years it housed both the criminally insane and those who
were merely mad. Since the criminals departed for
Broadmoor in the West Country in 1864, it has catered
only to those whose minds are damaged in legal ways, as
it were. The place is renowned for the terrible noise its
inhabitants make upon occasions. I suggest you speak to
Miss Parr in person if you wish to know more of this
terrible place.

Southwark 6 Deptford

The eastern part of Southwark has seen the normal
development, asa result of the construction of Waterloo
Station and Blackfriars Goods Yard. By day, the nearby
Borough Market is one of the busiest in the city, and the
remaining public houses in the area still do good trade.
However, it has not lost the bad reputation it earned a
century ago. By contrast, the bankside region of
Southwark remains one of the most notorious in the city.

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED

A
rt coed poemeseeciom a


Seg ee ee ee

It is little more than one large drinking house, inter-
spersed with the working places of ladies of easy virtue
and an inordinate number of prisons of various sorts.
Even the influence of St. Saviour's, a large church near
the river, seems to have done little to improve public
morality in the area. Indeed, a goodly number of churches
have been built in Southwark, but the piety is so lacking
that precious few of them trouble the Kindred at all.

The inevitable consequence of such moral laxity is
injury and sickness, and the arrival of Guy's and St.
Thomas's Hospital have done something to allow the
continued survival of the residents. It is, of course, a
prime hunting ground that has been passed to many
Kindred by Valerius through recent decades.

The London Bridge station on the edge of Southwark
was the first to be built in the city, but has had perhaps
less impact its surroundings than the other stations. But
then, Southwark has been disreputable since days nearly
three centuries ago, when Shakespeare staged his plays in
the Globe Theatre by the river. A modern contrivance
like the railway will have little impact on such debauch-
ery.

Bermondsey is a center of tanning, as it has been
since your namesake, Queen Anne, granted the
leatherworking industry a charter in 1703, despite the
offensive vapors the process creates. The Bermondsey
Leather Market is detectable by the nose long before you
lay eyes upon it. The market has been open barely a year,
yet already it has enhanced the reputation of the area for
evil odors and has reduced the streets around it to slums.

Moving westward, we encounter the Surrey Docks.
I have already related the nature of London's docklands
elsewhere in this pamphlet, and do not need to repeat
those observations here. Around twenty acres of land
have been given over to the docks here. I need not tell
quite how busy that makes them.

Beyond the docks is Deptford, once the home to the
Royal Naval Dockyards, but fallen in stature to the
Foreign Cattle Yard. The dockyards can now be found
further down river at Woolwich. Deptford has become
rife with the Irish; and with the recent wave of Fenian
bombings, the police keep a particular watch out for
those who sympathize with the cause of Irish indepen-
dence. Given the Irish penchant for religion, it should be
no surprise that the area is one of the few strongholds of
the Catholic faith in this Protestant city. For this reason,
and the rumors of Lupines haunting Deptford Park, the
region is infrequently visited by our kind, though I try to
pay regular, if not enthusiastic, visits as part of my duties.

it wae

wz sta Sn sh be hemi A

Cus

2)
=
a Vio
2

CGA

In the last century Greenwich has gone from a
distinct town to part of London itself. Yet, it has always
been part of the city by virtue of its position just down-
stream of London proper. Greenwich Palace, built in
1426, and the nearby Queen's House, built in 1635, have
long been popular locations for celebrations, banqueting
and balls for the aristocracy. Indeed, at least three mortal
monarchs of the realm were born here: Henry VIII, Mary
and Elizabeth. Of course, the prominent Kindred of the
city have never been averse to taking advantage of its
attractions when the mortal dignitaries had moved else-
where, as I am sure you recall, my lady. The palace itself
is long gone, but the Queen's House remains a favorite
with mortal aristocracy and Kindred primogen alike.
Mortals once used the expansive Greenwich Park for
hunting, and now we Kindred maintain that tradition,
after our own fashion.

Deep in the park, atop a hill, the Royal Observatory
still stands as it has since the 1680s. In addition to its role
in advancing science by cataloguing the heavenly bodies
that populate our skies, it has become a crucial part of
Britain's naval prowess. Its Nautical Almanac, published
annually, is the standard work by which most ship
captains navigate. A time-ball in the northeastern turret
is a signal that the shipmasters in London's docks use to
set their chronometers precisely. Greenwich Mean Time
was recently accepted as the national time. In a confer-
ence held in 1884 in Washington in the former colonies,
the Greenwich Meridian, devised in the observatory,
officially became the prime meridian from which all
others are measured (as is already the case in practice, as
it has long been a boon to timekeepers and sailors

worldwide). It has done nothing but bring more glory to |

London.

Another of Mr. Hawksmoor's churches, which Miss
Parr makes no notice of in her contribution, stands in the
town center and goes by the name of St. Alphege's. |
must make note of the Trafalgar Tavern that sits on the
riverfront itself. For those Kindred who find the river
soothing and mortal-watching an entertaining pastime,
I feel that there is no better public house to be found in
the whole of London.

The Royal Naval College has now opened in what
was the naval hospital by the river (which in turn stood
on the ruins of Greenwich Palace), although some medi-
cal use remains within the building. The Naval College
moved here from Portsmouth; it focuses on the training
of Naval officers and specialized members of Her Impe-


=

a

@o 4

— <i ——- iz Vane.

 -<e

rial Majesty's armed forces. | myself spent a little time
here in my breathing days. I have found it a useful source
of committed associates, some of whom are now in my
employ full-time, because their lack of aging caused
remark. Their services are, of course, yours to call upon.

The Southern Fringes

As we move further south of the river, the number of
places of interest declines sharply. I make no claim to
comprehensiveness for the following remarks. I have
held true to your request for brevity and clarity of
information and added discourses only on the areas of
particular interest to the Kindred of this city.

Clapham

While few buildings merit note in Clapham, which
lies to the south of Battersea, it houses more influential
people than anywhere but the center of the city itself.
Over recent centuries it has been the home of a major
Christian revival, which lead to the construction of the
Holy Trinity Church on Clapham Common. Its resi-
dents have included the poet Shelley, the architect of
the Houses of Parliament, and the founder of the
Thunderer: the Times newspaper. I'm sure the signifi-
cance of the fief to our kind is self-evident.

The town has become part of London as houses have
sprung up along the railway route through south London
to the town. It is based around the Clapham Common,
a body of ground best know for its famous trees. Around
it are clustered a number of expensive villas that house
the wealthy of the city. The town has remained a prime
fief, and had been a secondary fief for Valerius for much
of the century, one where he let important visitors to the
city hunt.

Since your wise decision to revoke Valerius's claim
on the region, several Kindred have tried to lay claim to
the fief, but I am glad to say that my assistants and I have
been successful in rooting out these individuals and
apprising them of their error. However, I would be
grateful if you could resolve the issue of the fiefs claimant
before too many more years have passed.

Lewisham © Blackheath

Lewisham, like Clapham, was fashionable a century
ago. Unlike Clapham, it has not maintained its appeal to
the fashionable, successful and rich. The arrival of the
railway has transformed the mansions on Lewisham
High Road into shops, and the residents into the solid
middle classes. It is expanding rapidly southward into the
parishes of Catford and Hither Green, and is a main

i f Bae cd
SEAL IO AE Bn I ay

5. S&S

=
PY
—

residential area for The City, yet it is within walking
distance of Greenwich. As you are aware | have taken
this growing domain as my own fief, with your own
blessing, and have granted hunting rights to some of my
protégés in the surrounding areas.

Why have I included this fief in my pamphlet? |
humbly submit that the growth of such small parishes
into significant suburbs of London will provide the
solution to our growing problem of legitimate Kindred
residents without any fiefs of their own. I have already,
again with you permission, granted Hither Green to a
"rising star" among the younger Kindred, and hope that
within a decade Catford, too, will be ripe to be used as a
reward for a loyal servant of Prince Mithras. Brixton,
which lies right at the south of London, shows the same
signs of rapid growth. What was once a residence for city
businessmen now accommodates ever-growing numbers
of clerks and skilled workmen. It will be ready for claim
as a fief within the decade, by my judgment. Camberwell,
to the east of Brixton, may take another ten years, but is
another possibility.

Sydenham © the Crystal
Dalace

Sydenham technically lies outside London's bor-
ders, at least for the time being, but is notable for one
reason: It is the final home of the Crystal Palace. It lies
some seven miles south of the city, and can be reached by
train from London Bridge and Victoria stations.

Until 1854, Sydenham was a small rural town, di-
vided into fashionable Upper Sydenham, were the
wealthy lived, and mean Lower Sydenham, home of the
laboring classes. Following the Great Exhibition of 1851
in Hyde Park, its centerpiece, a vast palace of iron and
glass, was taken down and re-erected in Sydenham at the
cost of £1,500,00. There, it was enlarged and divided into
courts to form the center of an amusement and leisure
park for the city. It is used as a theatre, menagerie and
exhibition hall, and, on special occasions as decreed by
your predecessor, Elysium. The surrounding two hun-
dred acres is known as Crystal Palace Park, and houses
gardens, boating lakes, a zoo and the largest maze in
London.

The Palace has made Sydenham fashionable, and it
grows rapidly. Many wealthy and influential mortals who
have no good reason to reside in London proper have
chosen to make their home here. 1 would recommend
that this new fief be awarded to a loyal supporter of
Prince Mithras as soon as a good candidate becomes

apparent.

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED

ee eng aon

—s FAS, "i <r

lr
- wat

rn
4

4!


4 3

LONDON BY NIGHT

© 7 y

ho iS

62 ~ a ‘ a BOSD silo iaicd in nesses:

Salons and Elysium

Social gatherings — clubs for gentlemen and soirees for
ladies — are a central part in the lives of London's well-to-
do. The Kindred are no exception. Such gatherings provide
a mechanism through which the undead interact or, where
the organization comprises principally of mortals, of influ-
encing the affairs of the kine without breaching the First
Tradition. There are two broad groups of such meetings: the
mortal salons and the Kindred Elysium.

The Clubs

Most clubs are mortal institutions but this has not
prevented their exploitation by Kindred. Indeed, a handful
of clubs operate purely in Kindred circles, or at least involve
only those known to Kindred society, while others operate
on multiple levels, at their heart involving only the Kindred
but with increasing involvement of the kine as matters are
further removed from the centers of power. Those on the
fringe of such societies have little reason to suspect our
existence, let alone their association with us.

The hundreds of clubs and societies in London are as
diverse as their members. Some are gatherings of like-minded
individuals to discuss social events or listen to music, while
others are dining clubs where members may wax eloquently on
various matters of science, the arts or society. Indeed, many
societies exist because of a common theme but their members
use them principally as social gatherings.

Inmortal society, new membersjoin theclubsby invitation
of an existing member, a process usually subject to ratification
by the existing membership. Usually this is by secret majority
vote (often using colored balls, with white for yes, black for no,
the latter of which giving rise to the term "blackballing"), but
some of the most prestigious and exclusive societies require a
unanimous decision before an applicant will be inducted into
the society. Kindred clubs are usually less rigid in their condi-
tions, saving that the new member must be a member of the
undead, or at least (and very rarely) a trusted ghoul. In hybrid
Kindred-kine clubs, progression to thenext level of initiation —
and thus greater knowledge of the mysteries of the society — is
by approval of the higher-ranked members, with induction into
the higher mysteries at the discretion of the Kindred involved
in the society.

Most clubs admit only gentlemen, though ladies may enter
some of themas guests of members, though usually only in select
rooms. Instead, ladies frequently meet in afternoon soirees to
take high tea and discuss social affairs in a genteel manner. Such
quaint restrictions rarely apply in Kindred society, with most
vampiric soirees admitting both sexes as equals. This has not,
however, prevented many of the more chauvinistic Kindred
from favoring male-only mortal societies.

Eu 5 Oe

4

de

There are too many clubs and societies to name in such
a brief treaties, but some of the most notable include:

Brooks

Brooks is far from the most vocal of clubs but its
emphasis on history and continuity — it was founded in
1764 and encourages membership by successive mem-
bers of the same family — has made membership an
attractive proposition for Kindred and esteemed ghouls
who, after absences of a decade or two, can pass them-
selves off as their own descendents.

The Carlton

Inextricably bound to the Tory (later Conservative)
party, the Carlton Club came into being in 1832, five
years before Victoria became queen. The Duke of
Wellington was a founding member, encouraging Tory
MPs to pay the club's membership fees. Here too, several
Kindred are members, including Anne Bowesley who
uses her Disciplines to circumvent some of the Club's
more chauvinistic requirements.

The Marlborough

The Marlborough is one of the newest clubs in
London, founded in the late 1860s by a group disaffected
with Whites, including the Prince of Wales, who desired
a more liberal attitude to smoking.

Merritt House

Situated on Park Lane, Lady Merritt's house has garnered
a poor name among the well-to-do of London, allegedly a
"house of ill-repute" whose residentsare prostitutesservicingthe
city's rich and powerful. This bad reputation conceals Merritt
House's true purpose as a meeting place for the city's Kindred.
Theonly mortals allowed at Lady Merritt'ssoireesare those who

have been inducted into Kindred society, either as ghouls or ¥

trusted servants or vessels.

The Reform Club

Standing in opposition to the Carlton Club, supporters of
theactofthesamename founded the Reform Club in 1832. The
club's more liberal views have made it popular with the city's
Brujah, two of whom are known to be members, though several
Toreador are also known to frequent the club, no doubt
attracted by its links to the recent novel by Jules Verne entitled
Around the World in 80 Days in which the club is the starting
point of the protagonist's epic journey.

The Taurus Club

Like its near-neighbor the Army and Navy Club, the
Taurus Club draws its membership from soldiers who have
served throughout the Empire. Unlike most clubs, however, the
Taurien Brotherhood wasn't founded by mortals but is instead

al

samara
ha


= NER 5 ATT

5 —— — ——,

ik | {; r om
: [ I} ie' ir
' Ee EA ee AL sz

a modern incarnation of the Cult of Mithras. The most junior
members of the society are mortals, but at its heart stands the
Prince of London with various grades of initiation in the club
reflectingthe members' involvementinKindredsociety. Among
the mortals, only males may join the society but Kindred of both
sexes — albeit almost uniformly Ventrue — are involved in its
affairs.

Whites

The oldest and most prestigious of London's clubs is
Whites, founded in the late seventeenth century as a
chocolate shop. Whites isa male-only preserve — women
aren't even allowed in as guests — whose membership
includes the upper echelons of the aristocracy and high-
ranking members of the government. Whites is well
known for its gambling. Indeed, almost any sort of wager
may be made within the club, its details recorded in a
great book that resides in the main hall. At least three
Ventrue are known to be members of Whites, including
some of the most influential figures in the city.

The X-Club

Asmall society, officially numbering only nine mem-
bers, the X-Club exists to debate and promote science in
Victorian society. It supported Darwin's revolutionary
theories and has worked diligently to shape modern
scientific thinking. No Kindred are members of the X-
Club, though Edward Bainbridge of Clan Tremere is a
close associate of several members and is widely sus-
pected of manipulating the club to his own ends.

The Elysium

London's Elysium is far-ranging and incorporates a wide
range of cultural and social institutions. Most are concentrated
in the city's West End, but some are further afield. At such
venues, Kindred are instructed to put aside their grievances;
they may still argue and debate but are not to use violence
against their fellows. London also contains several sites that are
out of bounds to the Kindred by order of Prince Mithras.
Although not part of the Elysium per se, any infraction of these
prohibitions is harshly punished.

The Dlaces of History

These are areas considered part of London's Elysium
by dint of their historical significance or the importance
of the items they house. The most significant are the
Natural History Museum and the Museum of Manufac-
tures in Kensington, and the British Museum in
Bloomsbury, though numerous minor sites are also in-
cluded. Although not commonly used as meeting places
(the British Museum is an exception, the site of numer-
ous soirees), they are considered inviolate.

—s
as. P

The Dlaces of Culture

These are parts of London held in high esteem because of
their social and cultural merit. They are the principal meeting
places of the Kindred, both for Kindred-only functions and for
those involving mortals. The main places included in the Places
of Culture are the National Gallery, the National Portrait
Gallery and the Royal Academy of Arts. The Tate Gallery is
held by some Kindred to be part of the London Elysium but
neither prince nor primogen has confirmed this. Other culture-
related elements of the Elysium include Madame Tussaud's
waxworksat Baker Streetand A Ibert Hall in Kensington. Much
of the area around Shaftsbury Avenue and Drury Lane is
regarded asa blanket Elysium by dint of the many theatres in the
region. The Crystal Palace in Sydenham, the pre-eminent
venue for Kindred social gatherings, is also considered a "Place
of Culture."

The Dlaces of Dower

As the capital of an empire, London seethes with power
and to preserve the Masquerade while allowing the Kindred to
influence matters should they desire, all government and
judicial buildings are considered part of the Elysium. The most
notable of these are the Palace of Westminster (that is, Parlia-
ment), Somerset House and the various buildings on and
around Whitehall. The Royal Courts of Justice are considered
part of Elysium, as is the Guildhall and New Scotland Yard.

The Places of Faith

The mostsensitive of the sitesconsidered Elysium are those
linked with religion. Those with the strongest auras —
Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's Cathedral —are difficult for
the Kindred to enter but are nonetheless considered Elysium.
London's lesser churches are also considered sacrosanct, though

a number of Kindred have questioned whether this is true
Elysium or merely a respect for holy ground.

The Prohibited Dlaces

Most of the places the prince has placed under interdiction
tie in with other prohibitions he has issued. The most notable
are all the Royal Palaces in the city (principally Buckingham,
Kensington and St. James' Palaces) as an extension of his
prohibition vis-a-vis interfering with the monarchy. His bar on
Lambeth Palace, the seat of the Archbishop of Canterbury, is
more focused and rather than preventing meddling in govern-
ment, serves to protect the Masquerade from the supreme cleric
of the Church of England. In stark contrast, the prince's
protection of the Royal Chelsea Hospital is a purely personal
matter, securing his herd and safeguarding the soldiers whohave
served the United Kingdom well. Mithras has never needed to
prohibit Kindred access to the Tower of London, as its reputa-
tion is sufficient.

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY REVEALED

oe en ig eel



Chapter Three:
Loto 5 Host

"A hed bi a
"A nde t we Ny of a pe lam
ales aa Bri JO many,

G fra rhe sk mdi ay
eS, Ct. Te ase ani

he. all oP cg es, as the. Jollin what truly
Be ecily an dant cine alve lew eos
bts e dsteuts ote ic in the bale of
CWCH#, Z inclua bs} hay the proninent

Cf 0 OndOn ( aS We, es ws parties 0
hee: LO if Pas F oriad a FV arg J
7eL Me tiy ap Poe Wixi. to court the aor of cortain o jon
sea bd Bers nid ¢ he attentions Of wher, va
COUT Sb atl who treats with ubomis suptothe' 6 Storyte

yore er Cronies...


ASN AE 7S
s

LONDON BY NIGHT

Reginald Moore, Ambitious Intellectual

Background: As a boy, Reginald was free to roam the grounds of
Oxford University, pretending the campus was a kingdom and he was the
heroic knight who defended it. His father was a groundskeeper who
tended the gardens there. While his family didn't have much money, the
traditions of the university stirred the young man's enthusiasm. The
idealistic boy grew up to be a struggling scholar, teaching himself Latin
from used textbooks purchased at the local bookstore. Reginald dreamed
of receiving a classical education at his "father's university," but lack of
money, breeding and social position doomed that dream to failure. His
father's sudden death from illness quickly reduced Reginald to poverty.

As a dedicated young student, Reginald continued to teach himself
the elementals of classical languages to further his chances of passing
entrance exams. Society deemed that he was unworthy of such acco-
lades. By the age of 18, he had become a capable tutor in Latin and
Greek, but he found his avocation was insufficient to support him as a
career. Destitution and drinking led him to many sad nights roaming the
streets of the town he loved. As he was unable to find his dream, a
nightmare found him instead.

Reginald's Embrace was a botched and horrific affair. Through
painful and tortured memories, he still remembers fighting against a
vampire who nearly killed him in a mad passion for blood. What was
meant to be a casual feeding turned into a frantic brawl. Somewhere in
the haze of blood and agony that followed, an unseen savior interceded
on his behalf. When Reginald awoke, he lay at the feet of his powerful
new patron, and the vampire who had tried to kill him lay dead. wy
Although Reginald did not realize it at the time, he had endured the first
stage of a blood bond, and from that moment on he would remain
indebted. His master was overwhelmed by remorse for carelessly violat-
ing the Sixth Tradition. Certain of retribution from the prince's hounds,
he fled the city.

Without the education or instruction critical to one of the Victorian
Kindred, Reginald was at a distinct disadvantage. Favoring the intellec-
tual gatherings of his clan, he sharpened his skills at debate, engaging in
discussions with "contemporaries" who had learned their Latin and
Greek centuries before — and in some rare instances, in eras when such
languages were the vernacular. By attaining respect in the clan for his
intellect, not his fists, he seemed a natural candidate for clan politics. His
lack of training in Kindred etiquette mattered not one jot in the
gatherings of Clan Brujah. A clever tongue and judicious use of Presence
allowed him to ascend to a representative position in London itself,
where he eventually became the city's Brujah primogen. Reginald felt as


z

| | fa

ie P

an — : as ii,
=| eee || i"

es

though he had finally attained the respect he deserved.
The city's Rabble, on the other hand, were glad to find
someone eager to fill a position no one else wanted.

An ardent idealist, Reginald still believes in the
concept of democracy. As part of this, he insists that the
primogen of aclan must act as a representative of its local
Kindred. His respect for classical schooling has given
him respect for tradition, as well as those who preserve it.
His political position is one others rarely envy. Few
would emulate his approach to its duties, for it requires
him to make compromises with those in power. The role
of a Brujah primogen in a city claimed by a Ventrue
Methuselah is not an easy one. His ambition has made
him appear at times as a social climber, one who would
try to rise above his lowly status as a member of the
Rabble. Some of London's Kindred think he considers
himself too good to be Brujah, while many of London's
Nobles consider him far beneath the Ventrue. Reginald's
ambition has earned him nominal status within the
Camarilla, but he has gained it at the cost of respect from
his peers.

Image: Reginald pays lip service to social change, yet
he knows that he will never achieve it by antagonizing
the city's Ventrue. From his very appearance, he tries to
play the role of a businessmen or gentleman, but he does
it badly. His clothes approximate current fashion among
the Victorian Nobles, but his lack of funds results in a
small wardrobe of ill-fitting suits. Mr. Moore is hand-
some in a rugged way, with curly dark hair, pale skin,
steel-gray eyes, and a trace of a beard. He is perpetually
rough around the edges — both physically and socially
— and always will be. When dealing with other Brujah,
he attempts to relax and appear more casual, but even
among his own kind he is uncomfortable, just as they are
typically uncomfortable with him.

Roleplaying Hints: Be respectful to your superiors,
but never obsequious. Impress others with your intellect
while attempting to remember proper etiquette. You
don't relent easily, but you are still respectful of author-
ity. You could never cultivate the affectations of an
ancient Ventrue, so speak plainly when you must. Your
attempts at social graces barely serve you at social func-
tions, but if you fail in your attempts, you must answer to
the other Brujah of London.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Donal

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1840

Apparent Age: early 20s

= 3 25 47> 2a

N

"

. -_ ~ 5
45 JES INU 7

we

is

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 1,
Expression 3, Intimidate 3, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Ride 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Linguistics (Classical
Latin and Greek) 2, Politics 4, Science 1

Disciplines: Fortitude 1, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Resources 2, Retainers 1, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 1

Morality: Humanity 8

Willpower: 6

Note: Reginald knows that the vampire who saved
him and instructed him was Brujah. He has never been
told, however, that the Kindred who Embraced him
belonged to another clan. His Brujah "sire" had inter-
rupted a feeding gone wrong, one perpetrated by a
careless Ventrue.

During a casual feeding, a blood-starved Noble named
Donal lost control, almost killing his vessel. To cover his
indiscretion, he offered up his own blood, hoping to
create a ghoul. From an impulse of the perverse, he then
decided to hurriedly Embrace his victim. Unfortunately,
one of Donal's rivals, an elder Brujah, was stalking close
CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

ey

oe


LONDON BY NGHT

.

MEDALLIONS

behind him. The Brujah was outraged that Donal could
so casually curse another with undeath to cover up his
own mistake. By the time the Brujah's frenzy had passed,
Donal had met with Final Death. Reginald's defender did
his best to cover up this misadventure, even going so far
as to claim Mr. Moore as his own childe.

Since Reginald never intended to become acombat-
ive Brujah, he never learned the arts of Celerity or
Potence — which would have been difficult for him
because of his lineage. Both Brujah and Ventrue com-
mand Presence, however. Thus, he has focused almost
exclusively on that clan Discipline. Thorough investiga-
tion would reveal Reginald's true lineage, as would a
simple act of Thaumaturgy (more precisely, A Taste for
Blood). The scandal would destroy him, however, and
humiliate the clan he has spent so long defending, should
someone discover this secret. This leaves him in an
excellent position for blackmail or manipulation. Just to
be safe, Reginald's "sire" has instilled in him an absolute
terror of Thaumaturgy, which manifests as a hatred and
distrust of all Tremere.

Don Cerro, Camarilla Dignitary and Scholar

Background: Don Cerro believes in the Camarilla
with a passion few would understand. He fervently be-
lieves that freedom from the constant fear that conflict
creates is the surest route to progress for a society, be it
mortal or Kindred. The Camarilla is the best hope for
vampires, he reasons, and some people need to be pre-
pared to fight to protect it so that others are left free to
help it grow. He has spent the last three centuries of his
existence doing just that, and is now grooming promising
neonates to fill that role alongside him.

Don Cerro was born, grew up and fought among the
minor nobility of northern Spain, surrounded by the

' religious tension of the 15th century. He was adept at

hunting and fighting, as his father wished, and gave little
of his time to study. Instead, he took advantage of his
position to dispense justice as he saw fit among the
common people. Years of religious warfare and constant
fighting had made them a fractious, rebellious lot, given
to using violence as the first solution for everything.
Cerro reasoned that he could bring a measure of peace to
their lives by making them more afraid of him and his
anger than of each other. He was right, and over the
course of the next five years he brought a measure of
peace to his father's lands.

One night, while riding home from a hunt, he
disappeared. An elder Brujah known as Helissente took
Don Cerro from his horse without apparent effort. She
then challenged him to fight her. She had watched the

young noble for months, drawn by his passion for bring-

J fie | np
mate, aN | 1 i

i a aN ih i ttn i ap see

Wa

+
+

7 iy "> 3 y]
"Serta — =

wpe) ¥ A »]
ing order to people's lives and curious as to his motiva-
tion. Was he merely sadistic, or did he genuinely believe
in what he was doing? Within minutes of Don Cerro's
acceptance of the challenge it became obvious both that
he would lose and that she was merely toying with him.
He then tried to talk her around. By doing so, he passed
her test and entered the ranks of the unliving.

For the first century of his new existence, Cerro
found himself subjected to a rigorous training regimen
that developed his physical prowess far beyond anything
that he could have expected. Equally, though, his sire
focused on training the Spaniard's mind, teaching him
about the history of Europe's mortals and Kindred, and
teaching him to see that the brief flashes of conflict were
part of patterns of struggle that played out over decades
and centuries.

In the early 16th century, Helissente declared that
Don Cerro was now ready to face the world alone. She
told him to meet a contact of hers in Madrid, who would
help him find suitable passage to the Americas. He has
not seen his sire since.

Cerro spent a little while on the American West
coast. Clashes between the Sabbat and the Camarilla
there slowly angered him. He approved of the progress
the Camarilla stood for, and the more of the Sabbat he
saw, the more he grew to hate their anarchy. It reminded
him too much of the excesses of medieval Europe. He
took it upon himself to train neonates whose sires had
been destroyed in those conflicts, so that they would
have both the physical and mental skills needed to take
revenge should they wish to do so. This, he reasoned,
would turn the young Kindred into useful weapons for
the Camarilla.

Don Cerro relished unleashing his passion and anger
in face-to-face confrontations with the Sabbat. It soon

became a running joke among the American Camarilla

that the surest sign that the Sabbat were on the way was
Don Cerro's arrival with his protégés in the city. Still,
few princes turned him away, for their domains were
usually safer when he left at next to no cost to the city's
native Kindred population. As a result, powerful Kin-
dred all over America, and even some in Europe, owe
Don Cerro more than a few estimable boons.

By the beginning of the 19th century Don Cerro was
acknowledged as one of the Camarilla's leading figures.
However, he grew distracted by the first stirrings of the
desire to Embrace a childe of his own, to train as his sire
had trained him. His curiosity was aroused by a series of
wanted posters he found in the Deep South. Eventually,
he tracked down the man in question, one Theophilus,
and observed him for over a year. Eventually, he came to
the conclusion that the man would make the prefect


ce) " if , y ay T
4 ey oe "a y
a . — 4 a |

| a" 4 SEED ALLS A

childe: He had a passion for his cause, and the brains to
approach it calmly and sensibly.

ay The relationship was everything Cerro could have
¥ = hoped for. Once Theo had worked the desire for revenge
on the man who had kept him asa slave out of his system,
he proved an apt pupil and learned quickly: faster than
Cerro himself had, in fact. In the aftermath of the
American Civil War, an educational experience in its
own right, he decided that it was time that Theo experi-
enced the Camarilla at its best and worst — and that
meant going home.

It has been years since Cerro traveled widely in
Europe. While his main objective remains Bell's educa-
tion, he also finds the experience quietly fascinating on
a personal level. The growing conflict between the sect
and Mithras fascinates him, and he is keen to see how it
} develops. He has no intention of actually getting in-
} volved, unless outright conflict within the Camarilla
seems inevitable. If that happens, he will move to pre-
vent that happening.

Image: Don Cerro is a tall, thin figure, draped in
carefully tailored but restrained suits. He rarely goes
§ ~without his cane while in London, but tends to affect

different mannerisms in each city he visits, to see if

people respond differently to him asa result. This experi-
ment has been running for two hundred years now. Cerro
has a slightly hooked nose and bushy eyebrows over
deep-set eyes. Many people, both mortal and Kindred,
find his presence disquieting because he always appears
to be watching and appraising them. Underneath his
civilized demeanor, the mind of a warrior is clearly at

# work.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet, calm and digni-

¥ fied in social situations, and flamboyantly joyful in

combat. You know that you and your protégé are the

center of attention wherever you go, but that doesn't

matter. As long as he is educated properly and comes to

understand all that is good and bad about the Camarilla

and why he should fight to protect it, that is of little

consequence. Pretend to be utterly disinterested in cur-

rent events in London, but drink in every detail
nonetheless. You have no real desire to be any more

q__ involved than you have to be: Your agenda is bigger than

this city.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Helissente

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1428
Apparent Age: early 40s

—~— AA ORS eS
soe a

a t= me ia

Wa
4 y

Don Cerro

as

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Ride 4, Etiquette 5, Firearms 4,
Melee 5, Performance 2, Stealth 5, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 4, Finance 2, Investigation 4,
Law 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 5,
Science 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 5, Dominate 3, Fortitude
5, Potence 5, Presence 3, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Influence 2, Re-
sources 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 8

Theo Bell, Neonate and Protégé

Background: Theo Bell is a curiosity in the Victo-
rian era, a black vampire of good standing, traveling with
a notable European Kindred. He has been the center of
attention at Elysiums all over Europe. Now he is in
London, garnering the same attention here, though it
has been moderated by the chaos brought on by Mithras's

ae CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

2 te a A A i poeed

5 ON Se |


return. Bell can hardly believe that he, a slave from
Mississippi, is here, at the seat of empire. He can also
hardly believe quite how much he hates it.

For the young Theophilus, all white people did was
order you to work, whip you, separate you from your
family and rape your sisters. No wonder that he grew up
with a burning hatred of them in his heart. Once his
mother died, he managed to escape the Bell plantation
and become part of the Underground Railway, operating
out of Ohio. A number of successful raids into the South
to rescue other prisoners were so successful that a good
likeness of him appeared on wanted posters throughout
Dixie.

One night, it all went wrong. Theo was wounded,
and chased from the estate by dogs. When he paused in
his flight for a drink from a stream, he was caught, but not
by the mortals and their dogs. The stranger bested Theo
easily. He informed Theo that his name was Don Cerro,
and that he'd been following the runaway's exploits for
over a year now. Cerro offered Theo a new existence, one
where he had the strength to take revenge for the wrongs
done him and his family. Theo accepted.

Theo proved a quick study in the ways of the Kin-
dred, and within a year, Cerro granted him leave to
revisit his old plantation. Theo tracked down his old
master easily, and in a red haze whipped old Mr. Bell to

ell

a AR OD

12 fies 7s Yay 5 >

15 me Ol oy SS

gn u
aA

death and drove himself into a frenzy. When he recov-
ered the estate was ablaze, and dozens of people, black
and white, lay dead. To his horror, he realized that his
own family was among them. Rather than forget his past,
he took his old master's surname as a constant reminder
of life under the yoke of slavery.

Bell spent the Civil War years training as a warrior
and scholar under Cerro, and practicing his skills by
freeing slaves and destroying Confederate supply depots.
By the end of the war, Cerro deemed that the time had
come for Bell to see a little more of the world, and the pair
traveled to Europe.

Bell's experience on the continent has not been
good so far. The endless procession of white faces at
interminable balls is not to his taste at all. There is
something about the European Camarilla's attitude that
reminds Bell of his master and others like him. He was
delighted to leave Paris, because he found the decadence
of the Kindred there nearly unbearable. London, how-
ever, is more interesting. While it is, on the surface,
much like the other cities of Europe, Bell detects an
undercurrent to the city, an edge to its politics that show
a viciousness in the fight for survival and power that he
had not expected. While Cerro has warned him against
becoming involved in the current situation, Rory
McAndrew has approached him about resolving a few
problems for him in a way that requires a certain direct-
ness that is not his style. Bell has been more than happy
to oblige.

Image: Bell is tall, dark, handsome and black, and
thus an irresistible curiosity to the Kindred of London.
He wears a neatly trimmed beard and moustache. His
back and shoulders are scarred from his slave days; he
takes care to conceal this, though he has been forced to

show off his scars a few times at his sire's insistence. Don | &

Cerro has also insisted that Bell dress in the modern
fashions of London, which he find s not at all to his taste.
He enjoys taking on little "jobs" for McAndrew because
it allows him to wear rougher clothes and mix with
London's cosmopolitan poor for a little while.
Roleplaying Hints: You are polite, diffident, but
curious and eager to learn. You show respect to your
elders and know your place. Oh, and you're hating every
second of it. The decadence of the European Camarilla
disgusts you, as it's far too close to the behavior of your
old master. However, you still love Cerro like a father,
and assume that he must have some good purpose in
putting you through all this. You've seen the Sabbat, and
know that the Camarilla is the better option, but you're
beginning to wonder if Cerro is seeking to change that
opinion.


/
ize
4

Pie. tain —. ~_ =f |

ac |

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Don Cerro

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1857

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 1,
Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3
Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 4, Performance 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 4

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Oc-
cult 1, Politics 3

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Dominate 1, Fortitude 2, Po-
tence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 3, Mentor 4, Resources
2, Status |

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 8

Willpower: 6

Daul Bedwell,
Agent of the Prince of Manchester

Background: Liverpool's docks are among the busi-
est in Europe. Trade across the Atlantic and to other
parts of the world brings the city great wealth, and Paul
Bedwell was happy earning a small piece of it for himself,
doing what little he could to better the conditions of the
workers. As a foreman at the Albert Dock and a union
activist, he did his level best to maintain a friendly
relationship with management, rather than falling into
the traditional adversarial relationship.

Paul's father drummed the idea of a fair day's work for
a fair wage into him as a child, prior to his death from
consumption. Bedwell walked out of a succession of jobs,
much to his mother's despair, until he found one where
the management didn't seem to be quite as exploitative
as the rest. Once he'd settled in, he tried to make sure
things stayed that way.

A skilled negotiator and a reasonably astute politi-
cian, Paul was able to keep worker/management relations
running smoothly. So smoothly, in fact, that he came to
the attention of one of the minority investors in the
docks, who paid him a visit late one night.

The next morning the dock management received a
note informing them that Mr. Bedwell was now in the
employ of Mr. Therwell, and would be unable to con-

j a i Me / " ¥ ~
Celestine hadith

tinue in his current role. That evening, Bedwell started
learning about the world of the Kindred, a process he's
not entirely convinced is going the way he would like.
His sire always treated interaction with other vampires as
something that could happen later. For now, he was to
concentrate on helping develop his influence over the
local shipping industry.

After only five years advising his sire on the devel-
oping international trade, Bedwell and his coterie, made
up of young Kindred from Liverpool, most of whom had
had some connection with the docks before their Em-
brace, received asummons from the Prince of Manchester.
Ina private meeting, the prince informed them that they
were leaving for London the following evening, and
would be staying there for the foreseeable future. Their
job was to sow unrest and dissention in the ranks of
London's Kindred as best they could, by carrying out the
wishes of the prince's childe, who was already in the
capital. Bedwell was to be the public face, seeking admis-
sion to the city via Stephen Lenoir, whose penchant for
looking after newcomers to the city was well known to
Prince Shawlands. The others were to stay hidden, and
act against the holdings of London Kindred as and when
Bedwell directed them.

Within a week, Bedwell was ensconced in London,
and desperately trying to find some handle on the swirl-

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

a ti ne

= td


?

| LONDON BY NIGHT

ing currents of local politics. Bedwell and Shawlands'
childe, Janet Latimer, are careful to avoid one another as
much as possible. Bedwell plays the part of a neonate
seeking to find a niche for himself in the rapidly expand-
ing city well, but not too well, to completely avoid
suspicion from London's Kindred, including Halesworth
and Lenoir. Latimer and Bedwell now communicate
mainly through Lorna Dingwall, the Scots hostage, and
Bedwell goes out of his way to make sure that he meets
members of his coterie only while well away from other
Kindreds' havens or hunting grounds.

Image: Bedwell is a heavy-set man of average height.
He dresses in respectable working man's clothes and is
rarely seen without his cap. Although he doesn't realize
it, he very rarely looks anyone in the eyes, unless he's in
deep debate with them, and even then he only does it
occasionally. This has the effect of making him seem
much less confrontational, despite the strength of his
views.

Roleplaying Hints: You know perfectly well that
you're out of your depth and are probably regarded as
disposable by your prince. However, you've been putting
on a mask of confidence since your days as a dock
foreman negotiating with management, and you have no
intention of letting that mask slip now. You're friendly to
everyone you meet, if unwilling to give away much about
yourself. You're a damn good listener and are using that
to your advantage. While you're still following Latimer's
orders, you're growing more and more uncomfortable
about some of them. Attacks on docks and other places
where ordinary men work ill suit you and your tempera-
ment, not to mention your political inclinations. You
can't help feeling that it's only a matter of time before
that bastard Halesworth catches up with your coterie and

| discovers your true reasons for being in London. You
suspect that Latimer feels the same way and have consid-

ered broaching the subject with her, but the risks involved
if you're wrong have stopped you from doing so. As an
alternative, you cultivate a relationship with Dingwall,
in the hope that Edinburgh might prove an alternative
route of escape.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: Robert Therwell

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Martyr

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1872

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

~ a aie | el
A I a gy SE

VEN

Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 1, Performance 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Finance 1, Investigation 1, Law 1, Politics
2, Science 1

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Potence 3, Presence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Influence 1
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 3 1
Morality: Humanity 7
Willpower: 5 }

Herbert Westin, Anarchist Infiltrator

Background: Born in Ireland in the early 19th
century to English parents, Herbert Westin learned
contempt for authority as early as his sterndisciplinarian J}
of a father could punish him. As a fervent supporter of | j
British rule in Ireland, Herbert's father had little toler- i]
ance for a son who seemed to sympathize with the plight
of his impoverished neighbors. When Herbert was 20,
his village was decimated by a severe famine. He was
horrified to witness his father's callous indifference to so
much human suffering. After a heated altercation came
to blows, Herbert gave his father a solid thrashing, an
outburst resulting in his rapid exodus to Britain.

Young Mr. Westin later had ambitions to take up
arms against what he considered an oppressive govern-
ment. He even pursued a brief career as a gun smuggler for
a wealthy group of freedom fighters in the mid-19th
century. His fervor earned the attention of adevil-may- J
care anarch, who made Westin a ghoul and employed 4)
him as his personal armorer. When Westin discovered 9
the truth behind the monster he was aiding, he de-
manded the full power of his master's Blood. Mere
Potence and Fortitude weren't enough forhim. Another 9
outburst ensued, culminating in gunfire. The anarch y
gleefully battered his errant ghoul into submission, but @
knowing a useful weapon when he saw it, Westin's sire 7
Embraced the violent childe. After several nights of |
torture, he bound the fledgling's loyalty in blood, and |
Westin's social conditioning resumed.

The next few years were spent indoctrinating Westin
in the ways of the Kindred, from the flaws of their status-
seeking society to the extent to which they had
manipulated the political movements of Britain for their 9)
own benefit. The ardor of a blood bond led Westin to §
believe his sire's elaborate conspiracy theoriesofhowthe 4
Kindred had shaped all of British history, including the
formation of a mortal government he claimed was almost
as oppressive as the Camarilla itself.

With the help of other anarchs in his cell, he then
conditioned Westin to serve as an agent of chaos in the

I IR ET
he a
* bs at

‘

ol


A)"

Se) ee

midst of London's largest city. A pack of anarch Nosferatu
® instructed him in the fundamentals of Obfuscation, then
%} ~—stested him ona hunt through London's Aethenium. His
Wyss conditioning was even crueler. As the result of an abu-
sive joke, Westin doesn't even remember his sire's name.
NM He thinks of him only as "Thursday" — the day when he
J was allegedly set free. Westin's independence was purely
} illusory, however, for his brainwashing was as extensive
as his indoctrination.
London's Brujah paid little mind to this pensive

) gun-runner from Ireland. His ability to smuggle firearms
ofall calibers and capabilities into a city where the police
were armed with truncheons quieted any objections to
his presence. Cautious to never overtly indulge in vio-
lence himself, he helped expand the personal collections
of highly esteemed Kindred. Yet in most cases, his clients
never actually deigned to use the firearms he provided.
Trade in holdout derringers as last-ditch defenses soared,
but because of the obvious advantages of vampiric Disci-
plines over pistols, Herbert's actions did little to stir the
oppressed to action. Many ghouls, on the other hand,
} learned to ask for him by name when requesting incen-
§ diary assistance.
tT Believing he acted of his own free will, Westin
traveled to the New World to witness alleged "innova-
tions" in America's government. He abruptly arrived in
New York after a brief correspondence with the city's
} Brujah primogen. As one of the largest cities in the
§ world, Victorian Gotham stood divided. Its weak and
| fearful Camarilla "prince" could do little to stop the
rampages of the Victorian Sabbat, who were, in fact, the
dominant sect there. Accordingly, Westin ignored his
} introduction to the Prince of New York for a full week.
His callous disregard for proper social introductions was
taken poorly by the other primogen, but the prince could
WY do little about it.
While Sabbat spies observed intrigues among the
} city's Kindred, Westin began scouting the Sabbat's ac-

| tivities. He returned to sell information — and firearms

| —to the beleaguered Kindred population of Victorian

' Gotham. To ensure a balance of power, he then assumed
afalse persona and sold incendiary ordnance to the other
side. For a full month, hostilities flared, and the city's
y vampiric population was briefly reduced. The social
) gatherings of Gotham's Kindred did little to impress Mr.
} Westin. The situation with New York's Sabbat merely
} amused him. But business, it would appear, was very, very
1 good.
| While in New York, Westin also had the good
fortune to observe the political turmoil of the city's
mortals. He was astounded by what he saw. Throughout
the Victorian age, mortals redefined and strengthened

#1 > A ge =
€) , Si. , y 4 wy, j ‘ >a p oy
oo, HH is. oe vied da { mada Ura rik y Lf ZS
Toa - 3S 9 SS 6 IS SO eg LI :

the anarchist movement in the United States. Nearly
every day, men and women organized meetings with
passionate rhetoric extolling the merits of anarchism.
Visionaries condemned all governments as tools of op-
pression, and blasted the societies that upheld their
corrupt and unsanctioned rule through the threat of
violence. Yet somehow, mere rhetoric seemed inad-
equate to him. Rabble-rousers knew how to fire upa
crowd, but beyond immediate and ill-conceived acts of  §
violence, they did not seem to effect social change. §
Westin was inspired to not only take violent action to
rouse the Kindred from their lethargy, but also to stirthe |
mortal populace to outrage and action. yi

Leaving chaos in his wake, he returned to London,
where he ranted about the carnage in New York. He J
immediately became a vocal advocate for hunting and
destroying Sabbat spies, a position Valerius would not
dare question. The death of a network of Brujah antitribu
agitators then solidified his status in the city. Valerius
never realized that Westin's actions were really an at-
tempt to appropriate the resources of this rival terrorist
group. For several months, his alliance then shifted to
the blood cult of Nosferatu that trained him in misdirec-
tion and subterfuge. Their network supplied him with
information on political dissent in exchange for explo-
sives. For these missions, he learned many of the finer

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

a
w\%

vara

—. er

~~ a

ley


14

2 LONDON BY NIGHT

points of their Discipline of stealth, developing a "thou-
sand faces" for his mask of deception.

Thus began Westin's lengthy, if peripatetic, career
as an enemy of the state. Wearing any face, he could
infiltrate almost any mortal assembly. No one gathering
of revolutionaries, whether political or apolitical, could
satisfy the rage within him. In the years that followed,
Westin dabbled with Marxism (reading Das Kapital in its
original German), socialism (acting as a "guardian an-
gel" over many Fabian Society meetings), and even
enjoyed a brief stint as a Dynamiter (supplying explo-
sives to various terrorist groups). Each time, he has
assumed a different persona, hiding behind the
hardworking and patriotic image that ensured his ano-
nymity among the Damned.

Herbert Westin is now a spy awaiting activation, a
time bomb waiting to go off. His travels to New York
allowed him to make contact with his master's hidden
allies. His sire, "Thursday," has made some strange alli-
ances, including a kumpania of Ravnos and a conspiracy
consisting of a dozen Nosferatu. Some of these confeder-
ates lurk in the Camarilla, some scheme in the Sabbat,
and all of them wait for one event that will strike at the
heart of both societies. Westin will light the fuse, but his
sire's organization, the Morlock Society, will guide his
hand.

Image: Herbert remains nondescript, for obvious
reasons. He prefers workman's clothes, often sporting
boots and a long coat of some kind; he can discard these
outer clothes quite easily when they are soiled with the
blood of a victim. Each persona he develops through
Obfuscate is equally indistinguishable, for he is a master
of faceless anonymity. While using the Mask of a Thou-
sand Faces, his favorite alternate persona sports dark
spectacles and wears a high collar to obscure the lower
half of his face. The only inheritance he has kept from his
brutish father is his sandy hair, firm chin, and broken
nose.

Roleplaying Hints: By steadily mastering his sense
of self-control, Herbert Westin has gained a reputation
as a quiet professional. He has learned to hide his rage
well. Any one facade frustrates him if he must maintain
it for long. When he can no longer contain his impa-
tience, he indulges in violent, predatory feedings miles
away from London. He is thorough enough to conceal all
evidence of such indiscretions. Westin quickly supports
any revolutionary movement that can act as conduit for
the rage of the Beast within him. He rationalizes each
"change of conscience" in intellectual terms.

When dealing with the acceptable society of the
Kindred, he plays the role of a working-class Brujah. He
finds it all too easy to take on some of his father's

ee ny on eas ne alle mletie dial

7M J at Did) ed Js

characteristics, including a harsh attitude toward mis-
creants, a habit of speaking directly and vocally when
upset, and the caution to act with stoicism around those
who can destroy him. This often gives the impression
that he fully supports the status quo, offering him the
opportunity to silently undermine it. What he cannot
overtly achieve through words, he covertly attains through
firearms, sabotage and nitroglycerin.

Clan: Brujah

Sire: "Smiling" Jack Drake

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1850

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3

Skills: Demolitions 4, Firearms 4, Performance (ano-
nymity) 4, Security 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Politics (anarchism)
5, Science (chemistry) 3

Disciplines: Obfuscate 4, Potence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Mentor 3, Resources 2,
Retainers 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Courage 3, Self-Control 4
Morality: Humanity 4
Willpower: 5

ce

Halim Bey, Scholarly Heretic

Background: As a dealer in antiquities, Halim Bey
had an interest in the obscure. When he wasa very young
child, he had come to believe the tales of Scheherazade
were true. Although he never really expected to find the
lamp of Aladdin, he found Egypt's artifacts almost as
romantic. Perhaps, then, he was in the right frame of
mind when he found the Scroll of Nephren-Ka, an
Egyptian artifact of mythic significance. He celebrated


.—

his achievement by reading it aloud, savoring the rich
language of ritual. Intoxicated by the mere thought of
the power it promised, he went through the motions of
performing the ceremony it described. The results he
achieved were sobering.

Halim intoned the sacred words and gesticulated as
though an outside force compelled him. At the ritual's
conclusion, his skin wept copious amounts of blood. At
the moment he collapsed, he finally realized the magic it
promised was real. When he awakened, drained and
weakened, a silent servitor stood watch over his prone
body. The artifact had rewarded him with power over
Nephren-Ka, an ancient mummy from a bygone age. Yet
the power held a curse: a sacrifice in blood for each year
he held the Amenti enthralled. The next morning, he
read in the London Times of three men who had been
brutally slain within a mile of his home.

A bloody ritual had bound the immortal servant to
the will of the ritualist. Other occultists had pursued such
power; tracking the artifact through mystic means, they
found Halim instead. These madmen, knowing an op-
portunity when they saw it, abducted the poor fool who
had summoned Nephren-Ka. As they transported their
prisoner's body down the Thames, the high priest of their
Setite cult quickly and brutally Embraced him.

For three nights, the Setite cultists fled the ven-
geance of Halim's guardian. Sirian, their high priest,
forced their captive into a blood bond as quickly as he
could. Halim was kept imprisoned in complete darkness
fora week. When he emerged from his oubliette, he still
commanded the mummy, but Sirian held power over
him. The antiquarian's innocence was gradually re-
placed by guile, if only to ensure his own survival. The
Setite cultists swiftly returned to their temple in Alexan-
dria. Faithfully, the mummy summoned by Halim
followed, leaving death in his wake.

Despite the horror of this experience, Halim was
astounded to see the wealth of Egyptian lore they had
amassed. Their collection of artifacts impressed him
even more, especially once he learned that several of
them had been created by Assamite Sorcery. At first
hesitant, he eventually found the idea of Set's actual
existence to be a romantic one. Now that he knew that
magic was real, he quickly adapted to the rituals of the
cult. In darkness, dreams of great wealth and power took
form.

By the early 1880s, foreigners had taken a particular
interest in the artifacts Halim knew so well. The activi-
ties ofa British archaelogist named Petrie begana veritable
craze in the new science of Egyptology. When outsiders
began to steal the treasures of Egypt, and even the
artifacts dedicated to Set, Halim was outraged. He re-

7 4 ‘
oS SI OOO FS

peatedly summoned Nephren-Ka as the instrument of
his vengeance, unintentionally adding to the mystery of
Egypt when those same tomb raiders died horribly.

Halim Bey had spent most of his mortal life in
Alexandria. When the British Empire decimated the
city in 1882, slaughtering thousands of Egyptian citizens,
his hatred of the empire became a frenzied rage. Yet his
years of indoctrination among the Setites taught him
that if he was to exact revenge, it was a task that should
be pursued slowly and carefully. He savored the opportu-
nity, especially when it meant he might recover more of
Egypt's treasures from the musty hallways of British
museums.

By that time, cults of Setites had made several brief
forays into London. None succeeded as well as Halim
Bey's enterprise. Masquerading as a dealer in Middle
Eastern commodities, his years of business experience
and impeccable English served him well. Halim Bey
never needed to stain his hands with the blood of others
— with an immortal minion at his command, he did not
need to worry about performing such unpleasant tasks
himself. When Set and the Pharaohs must be avenged,
Nephren-Ka kills.

Halim needs an Anglo face for many of his negotia-
tions, and thus retains many mortals as intermediaries.

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

sani pe =e


16

The thought of Embracing British men and women as
Setites amuses him in a perverse fashion, though it is a
risk to his carefully assembled organization. Nonethe-
less, he has done it on three occasions. One poses as a
London Ventrue. The second watches over some of the
more disreputable clubs visited by Cyril Masters of Clan
Ventrue. The third is a beautiful English lady who has
mastered the culture and arts of Egypt. His childer now
serve as the high priests of three Setite temples in
London. He takes pride in their accomplishments, but if
any one of them strays, their indiscretions could be
traced back to him.

The thousand-year-old kher-minu mummy Halim
commands has also ensured his continued authority.
This servant's soul has an abundance of ka energy,
making him a useful guardian for the sites of the Setite's
temples in London. However, across the years, the mon-
ster has become more difficult to control. Nephren-Ka
has killed over thirty people, and Halim demanded the
destruction of only ten of them. He has increased his
blood sacrifices, but this has only added to the carnage
resulting from his curse. Halim and his Setite cult are
oblivious to a certain spiritual corruption that has set
into the creature's soul. As such, Halim's most powerful
weapon has become a sword of Damocles. It hangs over
his head, threatening his own destruction.

Image: Halim could pass for an Egyptian Ventrue if
necessary, but he would secretly find the subterfuge too
distasteful. Instead, he passes himself off as a mortal
dealer in Egyptian commodities and antiquities. He deals
with legal trade between Britain and Egypt, and thus
maintains appearances as a Victorian businessman. His
business suit and impeccable manners serve him admira-
bly in such transactions, though his swarthy skin,
kohl-dark eyes, and thinning jet-black hair all mark him

' asa foreigner, a handicap when dealing with the exclu-
sive elements of London's business society.

Roleplaying Hints: The empire has been a plague on
Egypt. Like the Victorian mortals of Britain, London's
Kindred believe that their civilizing influence is reform-
ing the rest of the world. Yet Set's ways are far older than
their young society, for Set is even older than Caine. You
are powerful and self-assured, emulating the etiquette of
a gentleman while harboring a hatred for the Camarilla.
Be very formal when dealing with matters outside your
cult. Be utterly ruthless and remain unchallenged when
acting within it.

Clan: Followers of Set
Sire: Sirian

Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Fanatic

" xe 2 a7 lee Ce iis
4 7) fy) oii a a
5 ee 9 845 oD

jase Hehe Ins oe

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1880

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 2, Ride 2, Security 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Linguistics 2, Occult 4

Disciplines: Dominate 5, Serpentis 3, Thaumaturgy
(Setite Sorcery) 3

Sorcerous Paths: Path of the Dry Nile 3
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Resources 4, Retainer 5
Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Path of Typhon 5

Willpower: 6

General Sir Arthur Halesworth, the Sheriff

Background: Arthur Halesworth was the second
son of a minor aristocratic family in rural Suffolk. Faced
with little chance of inheriting the family estate, he
joined the army to serve queen and country overseas.
After a spell as a captain in Africa, he rapidly rose
through the ranks, eventually reaching the rank of gen-
eral, and earning knighthood for his efforts in helping
suppress uprisings in India.

The general bought a small property on the edge of
Blackheath in South East London for his occasional
visits back to England. Most of the time, however, he
spent in India. He and small groups of fellow officers
would enjoy their leave exploring the country that they
had helped pacify, climbing its mountains and exploring
its wilder regions. At times, he considered asking his
father for a greater stipend so he could quit the army and
become an explorer for a while. However, his pride
prevented him from doing so and he instead chose to save
more of his pay to that end.

Halesworth never had the chance to fulfill that
dream. One night, while walking on Blackheath and
debating whether to accept a posting back to Africa, he
had the distinct impression that he was being followed.
He made briskly back for Blackheath Village, hoping to

j
ii
ti


|

P) i

¥ — oe 3

force his pursuer to reveal himself. That's the last memory
he has of his mortal life.

Halesworth recovered his wits deep in the Suffolk
countryside, drinking a drunken farmhand dry. His ini-
tial nights were hard. He had been a man of discipline
and control, and now each night he struggled with a
monster inside him that demanded blood. His survival
instincts were strong, though, and he slowly began to
adapt to unlife as a vampire. For over three years he
roamed the wilds of Suffolk, preying on the unwary and
trying to reassert his old military discipline in himself.
Finally he succeeded, and shortly afterward his sire,
Haedde, returned and took him back to London. She
explained that she had seen in Halesworth a combina-
tion of the discipline and etiquette needed to survive in
the city coupled with a love of the wilderness and ability
to flourish there that would make him an ideal Gangrel
voice in London's political structure. After a short period
of tutoring him in the ways of Camarilla society,
Halesworth's sire introduced him to the Kindred of the
city and left him with instructions to do his best to make
London's vampire society what he would wish it to be.

As the childe of an elder Gangrel who rarely spent
any time in London, Halesworth was treated with a
surprising amount of respect for one so newly Embraced.
He took to the politics of the London Camarilla easily,
finding it quite reminiscent of the officer's club in India.
When he wasn't building his position, he would explore
the city in a way he had never bothered to when still
breathing. Seeing the slums and clubs of the city through
the eyes of an animal was just as rewarding as exploring
the wilds of India. Over the next few years, he came to
appreciate just how much the laws of tooth and claw held
sway even in the underbelly of this, the greatest city of
the world.

On Mithras's return, the previous sheriff of the city
quit, partially out of loyalty to Valerius and partially out
of a sense of self-preservation, and left London to visit
her sire. Mithras asked Anne which of London's Kindred
knew the city best, and she didn't hesitate before recom-
mending Halesworth. Halesworth surprised them both
by suggesting that London was now too big to be ad-
equately covered by a single sheriff, and he made the
appointment of a second sheriff a condition of his accep-
tance. It was granted.

In the few years since, Halesworth has brought to his
duties as sheriff a military precision and brutal efficiency
that has made him an invaluable asset to Anne. He has
an almost paternal interest in his junior sheriff Juliet
Parr, leading some to suspect that he hides a regret that
he never married or had children. After a year of working
together, the two decided to split their responsibilities,

nd

Ae

ne

Sd Sd Sh ge AIG

sy

4 Bin #74 he ~ |
a 7) Ij 384 Sy

with Halesworth focusing on the rapidly expanding part
of London south of the Thames, and Parr confining her
work to areas north of the river.

Image: Halesworth is the very image of a modern
general; strong, broad and upright with a full yet well-
trimmed moustache and beard. His dress is never less
than impeccable when he's in company. When he's on
duty as Anne's sheriff, which is most of the time, he
dresses in his military uniform. The rest of the time,
especially if he's hunting or just walking the streets of the °
city he has come to love (finding it an adequate substi-
tute for his passion for India's less civilized regions) he
dresses in smart but discreet modern fashions or rough
street clothes, depending on his mood.

Roleplaying Hints: Many Kindred new to London
mistake you for a Ventrue, such is your insistance on
proper etiquette and behavior. This is just the result of
your time in the army, though. Underneath, you yearn to
explore the streets, squares and parks of the city. You are
never happier than when you are stalking your night's
prey, be it mortal or errant Kindred, through the city.
Clan: Gangrel
Sire: Haedde
Nature: Thrill-Seeker

Demeanor: Conformist

‘ le
ws,


iT

Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1843
Apparent Age: late 40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Ride 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4,
Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Investigation 3, Law 2, Lin-
guistics 2, Medicine 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 1,
Protean 3,

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Herd 2, Resources 2,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 6

Nathaniel Simmons, the Faithless Hound

Background: Nathaniel's distant memories of child-
hood feature many happy hours of hunting with his
father. By the time he was 16, he could kill with a gun,
knife or bow; track prey; dress game; and most impor-
tantly, enter and leave private land without being
detected. His family was poor, after all. Since the hedge
nobility that watched over the land felt no obligation
toward the people who lived on it, Nathaniel felt no
remorse over poaching to feed his family — none, that is,
until the first time he was caught.

The year was 1682, but the traditions of the county
were anachronistic. A seneschal watched over the lord's
domain, protecting all the benefits of feudalism while
ignoring its obligations. The scrawny young boy he had
caught stealing game led him on a chase through forest
and fen, culminating in a furious exchange of fisticuffs.
Nathaniel was hauled before Lord Richard Grey, the
petty and vindictive "laird of the land." The nobleman
threatened to drive the boy's family off his land, a plot the
boy's ancestors had tilled for generations. Grey's sen-
eschal intervened, claiming that he could use a young
man with skill at hunting. The young man did such an
impressive job of proving his worth that even Lord Grey's
master took notice.

Obfuscated from the common populace, an undead
overlord named Vilmius had enthralled Lord Grey, bind-
ing him to his will. In fact, the haughty Gangrel had been
making ghouls of certain lords of the land for over five
centuries. The endurance of feudal traditions had been at

Ba

Be

wd Se EE J La

his behest. Every few decades, Vilmius would kill the old

lord, then help the lord's heir ascend to take his place.
The transition always coincided with some form of ritual
or ceremony. In good times, the Gangrel overlord would
hunt down his prey alone. In bad times, when Vilmius
was filled with wrath, he would demand that the son
hunt down his own father to prove his worth. The year
Lord Richard Grey died required the latter ceremony.
Purely for sport, the land's Gangrel overlord created
a pack of ghoul "hounds" to help harry the prey. Lord
Richard's son responded by displaying the family's char-
acteristic perfidy. Because he wouldn't perform the deed
himself, he bribed Nathaniel to kill his father for him.
Empowered with Potence, Nathaniel was swift, savage
and inventive in his kill. When the Gangrel overlord
found out, he appointed Nathaniel as the new seneschal.
Richard's son ascended to take his father's place, but he
was denied the Embrace. The new heir watched his
seneschal carefully from then on. Enriched by Cainite
vitae, the ghoul Nathaniel easily outlived the mortals
who exploited him, including Lord Grey's son.
Acentury anda half later, an archon named Geoffrey
Leigh uncovered the Gangrel's bloody rituals. Without
alerting the Gangrel justicar, he moved in to dispatch
the beast himself. In a desperate gambit, Vilmius set fire
to the estate, then quickly Embraced Nathaniel, hoping
a frenzied and frightened childe would distract the ar-
chon long enough to ensure his own escape. Raised in
ignorance of the Camarilla, Nathaniel had no idea why
the archon was there. While maintaining his self-con-
trol, Nathaniel confronted Geoffrey Leigh in the midst
of a surging conflagration. The neonate refused to fight,
instead betraying his infamous sire's plan of escape.
Although the archon denied any claim Nathaniel had
on the domain, the neonate Gangrel readily helped him

track down and destroy his sire. From then on, Nathaniel ¥

was eager to prove his usefulness.

Thereafter, Nathaniel wandered from fief to fief,
dabbling in Camarilla politics. Since hunting was all he
knew, he eagerly responded to any rumor of a possible
blood hunt. The sport of killing mortal prey no longer
challenged him, but the justice of Lextalionis thrilled
him. The blood hunts of that time had become an
effective way of driving a troublemaker from a domain.
When Nathaniel joined a blood hunt, however, the
quarry always met with Final Death before dawn. After
the first score of kills, princes began to ask for him
specifically when rivals troubled them. His fame became
such that his arrival in a city became a warning that
another blood hunt would be at hand. By his thirtieth
kill, he took to the practice of arriving in his destination
secretly, without immediately announcing his presence

‘4


ies |

. 4;

—, — Rien A
rr. a

to the prince. Although this was clearly a defiance of the
Second Tradition, no one relished the thought of hunt-
ing this hunter. Few princes had the audacity to call a
blood hunt against such an efficient killer.

After his fiftieth kill, Nathaniel Simmons took up
residence in London, sitting at the right hand of the
Methuselah Mithras, the Prince of London. Of course, a
Methuselah prince has little reason to traffic in the
night-to-night affairs of a city. When Mithras disap-
peared for months at a time, he left a Ventrue seneschal
named Valerius in charge. A Gangrel sheriff kept the
peace, but Nathaniel's presence ensured aconstant threat
that if a blood hunt was called, it would be a fatal
punishment. Thus Nathaniel learned to weather endless
nights as he did the days of his youth; in proving his
usefulness to the lords of the land, he still kills to ensure
his status and freedom.

Image: A hirsute mountain of a man, Simmons has
become a trifle arrogant. He prides himself on his im-
maculate grooming, from his cultivated mutton-chop
sideburns to his carefully combed and oiled hair. In other
words, he's stylish, but only fora rustic Gangrel. His thick
wool garments display meticulous patterns crafted by
hand. Yet in the thrill of the hunt, he becomes unrav-
eled, surging like a force of nature through the nocturnal
streets of London. His eyes go wild, his hair becomes
disheveled, and he evinces the mania of a madman, one
who lives to kill the most dangerous game imaginable in
London.

Roleplaying Hints: Mr. Simmons walks a fine line
between civility and ferocity. He strains to maintain
proper etiquette when dealing with his social superiors.
Yet he also remains quite strained with other Gangrel,
who either regard him as a legend or condemn him for
attempting to be so cosmopolitan. He is impatient with
subterfuge, usually preferring direct threats and confron-
tation. For the nonce, he supports the status quo, but
seeing so many Gangrel treated as low-class citizens of
Camarilla society grates on him. It is as though his years
of work have done nothing to improve the sect's opinion
of Gangrel, save as faithful watchdogs. The Gangrel
sheriff seems to have no problem with this tradition;
thus, Nathaniel secretly loathes him.

Mr. Simmons confronts those who question the
seneschal's authority, but as his displeasure has grown, it
has become a subterfuge for testing them. With the
patience of a jungle cat on the prowl, he seeks the one
candidate who seems likely to depose the prince. Unlike
Herbert Westin, he does not simply join with any sudden
radical movement. He will risk everything once he finds
the one rival worthy of support. That one conspirator
must clearly be stronger than he is. He has met with many

: j i f a eh Ye
* Ot EL ent = PANELS

-

Gangrel passing through London, but he has not yet
found one who is strong enough or certain enough to aid
his ambitions.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Vilmius

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 10th a
Embrace: 1830 ‘
Apparent Age: mid-30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,

Intimidation 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 3,

Survival 3

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Law 2

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Potence 3, Protean 3 ;
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Retainers 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 1, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 3

Willpower: 6

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

Pah on EN armen RL Se IR ee Yt nA re ee

oN oo. 4

&


i

The Hunt Club

Attitudes toward blood hunts change drastically over the next century. The Gangrel find other ways
to find status in society, and the sport of legally hunting other Kindred becomes a distasteful anachronism.
Blood hunts eventually rely more on police dispatches and media campaigns than violent Gangrel. As such,
only a few London Kindred manage to keep what they perceive as a highly cultured practice vital in the 21st
century. The practice endures through England's illegal and unsanctioned "Hunt Clubs." Nathaniel
Simmons' fame fades away by the Final Nights, but he secretly patronizes one of the most effective clubs.
His packmates leave a single foxtail at the scene of their kills — and sometimes, in the havens of victims

they plan to kill.

LASOm

Stephen Lenoir, Aid to London's Lost

Background: Stephen Lenoir's arrival in London
was not an auspicious one. Most vampires in the city
mistrusted his clan, understandably once the news spread
that a pack of Lasombra had diablerized their clan
founder. When packs of young Lasombra busied them-
selves hunting down their elders who had not joined the
Sabbat and destroying them, Stephen, not long to the
Blood, suddenly found himself yanked up from his home
in Abertawe by his sire and thrust into London unlife.

His sire, who went by the name of Timothy Leaver,
embraced the young Welshman for his business skills,
knowledge of the law and astute judgment of character.
The neonate had just established himself in Abertawe's
Kindred society when the diablerie of the Lasombra
Antediluvian triggered the revolt of the clan's neonates.
Leaver, moving quickly to protect his loyal childer and
set up potential boltholes for himself, called in a major
favor he was owed by Mithras himself, requesting the
guarantee of safety for his childe in the prince's city.
Mithras agreed readily. Leaver then left the city, telling
Lenoir that he had to make sure his other childer were
safe.

Lenoir found himself distrusted and shunned by
London's Kindred. Few believed his claim to be antitribu,
and most assumed that he was there as a Sabbat spy. Only
Mithras's explicit protection of Lenoir prevented his
destruction during those early nights. He learned to
survive through a combination of humor — often forced
— and by keeping himself out of the major affairs of the
city, so no one thought him too much of a threat during
the periods when Mithras was absent. He avoided Valerius
with a particular care. The seneschal made no effort to
conceal his distrust of Lenoir, and their mutual dislike
persists to this night.

LONDON BY NIGHT

eh ctenidienern iat ermaniniatade ee

Over the course of decades, Lenoir eventually found
aniche for himself as a guardian angel, of sorts, for young
vampires who arrived in the city alone. In particular, he
became known for his commitment to finding Sabbat
refugees a place within the Camarilla, either in London
or elsewhere — ostensibly in sympathy for their plight, so
similar to his own. The truth, of course, was that he was
well placed to spot infiltrators and spies. Each one he
exposed won hima little more leeway in London. Slowly,
he moved from a tolerated outcast to a useful member of
Kindred society.

His new position became obvious to him in the mid-
18th century, when a pack of Sabbat Lasombra entered
the city with the sole purpose of destroying him. Nearly
a dozen of London's vampires worked together to destroy
the pack and protect Lenoir. The few other direct at-
tempts on his existence in the intervening years have
been dealt with just as efficiently.

For a while, Lenoir listened eagerly for word of his
sire, but has abandoned that hope long ago. Lenoir
knows perfectly well that the name he has for is sire is as
blatantly false as his own, but it doesn't matter to him. If

his sire still exists and wishes to make contact, he willdo ¥

so. In the meantime, Lenoir's links with his clan are all
but severed, and his loyalty is with the Camarilla and the
prince who sheltered him.

The Lasombra antitribu steadily used his position of
trust to build a network of contacts and ghouls and other
pawns in and around London's docks and, later, railway
stations. Indeed, he largely feeds from his acquaintances
in the middle management of the docks. A few wise
investments in the railway companies have boosted his
wealth and influence significantly.

Despite those fiscal gains, the last ninety years have
been difficult for Lenoir. Mithras's extended absence and
Valerius's growing confidence in his position have led to
Lenoir becoming slowly isolated once more. The Sabbat
incursion only made matters worse, as the old suspicions
returned. Lenoir was one of the first people Anne re-


to

P as .

—/ &
o-
b es

noir

-_

cruited to aid her after Mithras returned, knowing that
he had absolutely no loyalty to the deposed seneschal.
Lenoir thoroughly enjoys his return to grace and is a
familiar face in Elysium for the first time in over a
century.

Image: Lenoir is a master of understated fashion: not
showy, but not dowdy, either. He wears well-cut outfits
in classical styles with the slightest nods to modern
fashion. His entire dress sense seems to be tailored
toward avoiding attention by being neither good enough
nor poor enough to attract it.

Roleplaying Hints: You have a wide-ranging sense
of humor, which would earn you trouble if you weren't so
good at keeping it reined in. It does still lead to you being
thought of as unreliable by the humorless, though. You
have carefully avoided putting yourself on the firing line
up until now, and you're not going to make trouble for
yourself if you can possibly avoid it. Your aim is to protect
your niche and those who come to the city as you did:
confused and alone. After all, having a sizeable propor-
tion of the young Kindred owing you a favor or two may
just prove useful. Try to conceal anything of your origins,
only confessing to being "Anglo-Norman" if pushed. It's
a lie, but it seems to satisfy most people.

Clan: Lasmobra antitribu

Se Dt gy VE

X
' - aad

, \ ~~~? J ey Sp ted "A aN .

'S

Sire: Timothy Leaver (assumed name)

Nature: Pedagogue

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1503

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 1,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 2, Ride 3, Etiquette 5, Firearms 2,
Melee 4, Performance 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Finance 3, Investigation
3, Law 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2,
Obtenebration 5, Potence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 3, Influence 2,
Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

LaAVifth
Abraham Mellon, Demented Mentor

Background: The Renaissance brought a rebirth in
many fields of scholarship, including the occult. Asa Jew
in Britain, Abraham Mellon failed to attract the patron-
age other scholars found. His dreary life consisted largely
of long hours cataloguing books in the personal library of
an indolent scholar. To reflect the whims of a would-be
Renaissance man, the librarian was forced to continually
shift the organization of tomes in the collection.
Abraham's vocation was especially frustrating because
he was more studious than his employer. A voracious
appetite for learning allowed him to rapidly exhaust
many of the conventional scholarly subjects of the age.

At liberty in one of the most educated cities in the
Western world, Abraham gradually turned his attention
to the occult. A mastery of Middle Eastern languages
facilitated his studies in gematria and the Kabbalah. His
eloquence in correspondence allowed him the chance to
exchange his insights with other paragons of the age —
including an esteemed associate known to work as an

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

Ce

ae

»)

~

eae

% a


agent of the queen herself. Dr. John Dee was impressed
with Abraham's insights. He hinted that several august
personages might be interested in acting as a patron for
D such an accomplished and promising visionary.
\ Yet Abraham had made more questionable associ-
Oy | — atesas well; some of London's occult dabblers had stranger
practices than he had yet seen. Abraham's perspicacity
amused an Elizabethan magus conversant in a most
unusual application of blood magic. This correspondent,
known only as Primus Magister, wanted to patronize
4% Abraham's scholarship, but could not be as convincing
# as Dee. The man's correspondence rambled in turgid
prose, advancing arguments that seemed to have no basis
in logic. To convince Abraham of his sincerity, he
offered to show first-hand the thaumaturgical mastery he
was capable of performing.

oe

Abraham agreed to participate in one of the un-
known magi's more elaborate rituals. At the
consummation of the ill-fated and ill-considered cer-
emony, he balked at the idea of consuming blood. Magister
§ Primus then decided to convert his guest to his deviant
beliefs through force. The ceremonies that followed were
hellish, for a Malkavian vampire had chosen Abraham
for the Embrace. He had carefully contemplated the
particulars of an elaborate ritual that would shatter the
scholar's sanity. But at the height of the ceremony,

llon

a rm

when o~
: 4 j a o, Ma
pe: ye, I 8 Le ) ,

an
Abraham plunged a magical dagger into his sire's heart
— leaving him insane and alone in the occult library of
a paralyzed madman. Sacrificing him was all too easy,
and the act of diablerie came to Abrahamasifbyinstinct.

Cursed and alone, Abraham turned to Dr. Dee for | /
help, but he could only hint at what had happened him. | §
Dee soon considered Abraham insane, yet didhis bestto J
help his associate fathom the mysteries he had discov-
ered. Upon various occasions, Abraham found
deciphering the tomes of the library easier when he tried
to consider them from Dee's point of view. In a revela-
tion both shocking and liberating, he found that he
could actually assume Dee's likeness through the use of
his undead powers, impersonating him during some of his
more unusual rituals. Although the thought of Embrac-
ing Dee was tempting, he knew that he could never
condemn such a brilliant man to an unkind fate that _
promised centuries of torment. When Dee died, Abraham
silently and subtly acquired the magi's personal library.
Unaware of the resources other Kindred, most notably
the Tremere, could place at his disposal, he developed a
system of occult knowledge so circuitous and elaborate
that few could decipher his writings.

Almost two centuries later, an incautious ritual of
his own invention forced perturbations in the heavens
over London. Through a bastardized version of Weather
Control, he attracted the attention of London's Tremere.
He was terrified to discover that other "Un-Dead" who
sustained themselves on human blood had developed
entire cabals devoted to blood magic. At first, Abraham
preferred to affect an alternate identity when confront-
ing them, attempting to intimidate the Tremere by
actually claiming to be Dr. John Dee. The subterfuge
backfired, summoning scions from Vienna to meet with
such a luminary of the occult world. Abraham fled to
Scotland, where he quickly and brutally suborned the
owners of a highland castle to find a new haven. Con-
sumed with paranoia, he began the practice of astrally
projecting to the depths of Scottish lochs when perform-
ing his most elaborate rituals. i |

As the centuries passed, Abraham found more subtle
ways of interacting with London's Tremere. The thought
of others possessing rituals of Thaumaturgy fascinated
him, but the power of the Viennese Tremere terrified
him. Cautious correspondence through conditioned
messengers allowed enough brief contact for him to |
make an introduction. Whenhe learned ofthe Tradition
of Domain, he appealed to Mithras himself, requesting J
enough amnesty to make proper introductions and visit
London. The scion of the largest London chantry, Mon-
sieur Pachard, was horrified to learn that the master of
magic he encountered was not Tremere, yet he was


.——

. ty 4
— —— se) |

= :

impressed enough to avoid challenging him. Instead, he
dutifully reported the occurrence to Vienna.

By the mid-19th century, Abraham Mellon had
made almost a dozen visits to London. After meeting the
illustrious Malkavian primogen, Dr. Timothy, he ob-
tained promises that the primogen would help defend
him against any intrigues of the local Tremere. After all,
a Malkavian with such an extensive command of
Thaumaturgy would be a definite asset to the clan.
Abraham took up a modest haven in London, and even
began to study the various occult and spiritualist move-
ments of this new age — along with their mortal
practitioners.

In particular, the innovations of the Golden Dawn
fascinated him, though he knew that if he attracted the
interest of the actual founders, he would come into
conflict with the Tremere. Obfuscated and unseen, he
chose to observe some of the more peripheral members of
the sect. On several occasions, he gained the distinct
impression that some of them could actually see him
through their sorcery. During one of his astral jaunts
through London, he encountered a singularly promising
mortal, one who later had the audacity to attempt to
summon him.

Mellon's supreme triumph concerns this aspiring
mortal magus. With a bit of prompting, the mortal
scholar performed an elaborate ceremony beside a loch
in Scotland to appease an astral essence named "Abra-
Melin." In the corridors of Boleskine Manor, Abraham
manifested before a magus named Aleister Crowley,
then attempted to slowly twist him to his will. Although
unsure how to proceed with such a visionary, he has
resumed one of his old habits. When sequestered with his
latest bibliographic acquisitions, he asks himself how
Dee would perform the ritual — and sometimes, what
Crowley would do. In moments of supreme frustration,
he even assumes the guise of Aleister Crowley while
attempting some of his more innovative rituals.

As the sun sets on Victorian London, the city still
fascinates him. Abraham is far too solitary to traffic with
anything as ephemeral as influence in the Camarilla. If
the Tremere harass him, however, he may decide to
contest a cabal of them for primacy in a chantry, espe-
cially the knowledge and power contained within it. He
has already begun to scout Edward Bainbridge's haven
astrally, easily overpowering its wards. He has even gone
so far as to leave a trail of rambling tomes and letters to
frustrate Tremere who try to track his activities. Some
are attributed to Dee, Crowley and other occult luminar-
ies, leading to wild speculations about their respective
fates. These imitations are less than perfect, however. In
every case, an occult scholar can eventually prove incon-

osteo 4
LAST "SN

a

/ / 1 i 1 Ve? ,
a A pk ay OS : me J ed 4 I

— a

sistencies between Abraham's inventions and actual
historical documents.

When Mellon tires of these diversions, he roams the
astral plane. Eventually, he will face the same dilemma
Blavatsky envisioned for the secret masters of the Golden
Dawn. He aspires to become entirely astral, merging with
infinity, yet his physical form and concerns within the
mortal world trap him. To attain the infinite, he dreams
of performing a ritual of surpassing brilliance — and
widespread destruction. Bainbridge's chantry would make
for a fitting sacrifice.

Image: When dealing with matters outside his sanc-
tum sanctorum, Abraham usually prefers his astral form.
Even then, he appears to have the vibrancy and power of
aRenaissance magus. Flowing robes, long white hair, and
a hoary beard complete the image. If he must walk about
in the realm of mortals, he assumes the guise of a frail, old,
scholarly man. An immaculately tailored suit fifty years
out of a fashion, dusty spectacles, and a wicked wooden
cane complete the image.

Roleplaying Hints: When deception works to your
advantage, you are old and frail. It makes you appear
more powerful when you condemn inferiors in your clear
and resonant baritone voice. Latin is your preferred
language, especially since you come from a time when
university students would learn to speak it both inside
and outside of their classrooms. By day, however, you
dream in Hebrew. You cannot respect those who do not
speak at least one of those languages fluently. Avoid
direct confrontation whenever possible — that's what
minions and protégés are meant for, a lesson you have
learned from elders and Methuselahs alike. If you must
confront your equals, do so on the astral plane. If they
can't reach it, after all, they aren't your equals.

Like all Malkavians, Mellon is demented. His mad-
ness manifests as megalomania. After centuries of study,
he considers himself superior to Dee or any other mortal
magus. He has found even greater pleasure in assuming
Crowley's guise. The thought of taking Aleister's role in
the gatherings of the Golden Dawn does not interest him
in the slightest, however, since he enjoys watching the
secret societies' political rivalries from the outside en-
tirely too much.

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Dositheus (Magister Primus)

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Pedagogue

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1583

Apparent Age: early 70s

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 1, Stamina 4

a ~
re |

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

.

a

w= 6
ahi
ay


‘&

i475

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 4, Expression 3,

Intimidation 5, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Crafts 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 5, Linguistics 5, Occult 5,

Theology 5
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 3,

Protean 3, Thaumaturgy 5
Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 5, Movement

of the Mind 4, Hands of Destruction 3, Lure of Flames 3

Backgrounds: Resources 5
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 3, Courage 4
Morality: Power and the Inner Voice 6

Willpower: 9

Doctor Timothy, Vigilant Daranoid

Background: Willum Timothy was baptized into
darkness at the age of sixty. The Embrace was intended
as a punishment for him, as he was a steadfast scientist
with a skepticism of the supernatural, an obsession bor-
dering on mania. At the height of the Renaissance,
Timothy dabbled in a wide range of physical sciences,
arrogantly asserting his mastery of many of them. His sire
simply claimed him to prove a point: that the Kiss of a
Malkavian would break him. It did, but Doctor Timothy
has managed to meticulously piece himself together
again. He fully expects other Kindred to display the same
indomitable will. The doctor had found what he consid-
ered immortality, and resolved to employ it for the
furtherance of scientific knowledge.

By the 19th century, the self-styled "Doctor" Timo-
thy realized that he possessed an abundance of knowledge
about the world around him, but little about the men and
women who inhabited it. The burgeoning science of
alienism fascinated him, for the human mind was a
mystery he could not fully fathom. He resolved to do all
he could to advance this new science, forsaking many of
his studies in chemistry and physics to do so. Unfortu-
nately, after centuries of stagnation, he lacked the
imagination and creativity of a mortal genius. Much to
the chagrin of the Kindred he helped, he desperately
attempted to adapt the ideas of Freud and Jung to the
world of vampires. He has since formed analogies that
are, like his fagade of sanity, highly strained.

Dr. Timothy now claims the largest asylum in Lon-
don as his domain. As part of his obligation, he personally
tends to the mortals within the facility, both patients and
doctors. Willum considers the Malkavians of London his
wards as well. Whenever his sense of duty compels him,
he summons a London Lunatic to the lowest level of his

LONDON BY NIGHT

iis CAPE Aine

.

#7, i ®. ay #. 2 d fm

‘ i, ly a ge eI Ek po GF ap Res Oy a sy

4

jm hyo Le SO)
asylum, where he conducts a session of psychoanalysis to
ensure the continued well-being of the poor soul. The
defense of the Camarilla, he insists, depends on the
eternal vigilance of all Kindred, especially Malkav's
insightful childer.

The doctor is motivated not only by altruism, but
also through paranoia and fear of the Sabbat. Doctor
Timothy fervently believes that the greatest danger the
Sabbat presents is not a physical threat —it is an unseen
and intellectual one. Within the Camarilla, he posits,
Malkavians have learned to turn their insight to the
cause of science, furthering their studies of the human
mind. Sabbat Malkavians, on the other hand, are relics
of a bygone age, when insanity was viewed as a disease
that could be passed from a vampiric host to any victim.
He has seen the effects of the Dementation Discipline on
victims firsthand, and knows of the time centuries ago
when all Malkavians were capable of inflicting it. He is
fanatical about looking for signs of its influence at work
within the clan, largely because he feels that it is inevi-
table that a relapse should occur. Should the madness of
the Sabbat infect his clan, he argues, the city's degenera-
tion into chaos is assured.

After a series of Sabbat attacks on London, Valerius
reconstructed his primogen council, considering coun-
cilors more for their political agenda than experience.
After Dr. Timothy hosted a private demonstration of his
ability to... interrogate... captured Sabbat spies, Valerius
quickly extended his invitation. The seneschal has since
come to think of Dr. Timothy's regular sessions with his
wards as "keeping the Lunatics in line." The status and
influence Dr. Timothy receives as primogen has other
benefits as well. With growing frequency, the primogen
has invited Kindred of other clans into his facility,
usually under the guise of gathering information. The

invitation is something of a veiled threat, for it is clear ¥

that some Kindred who enter the asylum do not leave.
Few would dare whisper that neonates who fail to make
a proper introduction in London eventually receive Dr.
Timothy's "aggressive hospitality." After all, it is not
politic to make accusations against one of the primogen.

In the meantime, Dr. Timothy's asylum in northern
London has prospered greatly under his influence. It has
grown from a modest facility for the incarceration of
criminals at the turn of the century to a progressive,
modern and brutal facility for the incarceration of the
insane. By day, Dr. Timothy sleeps in the Deep Ward, the
lowest and most occulted level of the building. Through
attunement and telepathy, he has trained his mind to
wander through the diurnal thoughts of his patients,
savoring their pleasures and pain. Conditioned patients
and ghouls are the only mortals who may set foot within

‘


me

JT

: RAD ASALT ERY as

the Deep Ward. Ordinary humans would be scarred
forever by what they saw.

Image: Meticulous grooming is the hallmark of a
meticulous mind. Dr. Timothy's spectacles are immacu-
late, and his clothes are freshly laundered each day. His
pate is shorn by ghouls each night, so that it conforms to
the standards a soldier in the Royal Guard might main-
tain. Each day, half an hour before dawn, his skin is
scoured in a bath of hydrogen chloride by three pretty
nurses. This procedure not only reflects his discipline,
but also his resistance to mere physical temptation.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak precisely. Take your time
to phrase your thoughts carefully. Never waste a word.
Remember that the Socratic method is one of the most
effective methods of discourse. If someone poses a ques-
tion to you, turn the question upon your interlocutor,
and discern his reason for asking it. When dealing with
Malkavians, always be wary of their dementia. You love
to circuitously approach the trigger that will reveal a
patient's madness without forcing an actual episode. The
mind is a labyrinth, and only you have the insight to
penetrate its interior. Through pure intellect, you surely
can overcome any horrors you find within it.

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Father Clarence

Nature: Sadist

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1576

Apparent Age: 60

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 3, Intimidation 5, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Security 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Law 2,
Linguistics 2, Medicine (psychoanalysis) 5, Occult 3,
Psychology 3, Science (chemistry) 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 5, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 4

Backgrounds: Herd 5, Resources 3, Retainer 5

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 2

Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 7

Merits and Flaws: Iron Will

Note: The very thought of Sabbat infiltration fills
Dr. Timothy with wrath, a violent emotion he takes out
onsome of his more recalcitrant patients. In moments of
madness, he disciplines his patients with brutal (and

sometimes fatal) results. His most dangerous patient is
one he keeps hidden from everyone but his ghouls: a
Malkavian antitribu he captured a decade ago.

A pack of ghouls brings fresh blood to the captive
and tends to his room. They must wear gloves, masks and
protective gear as precautions against infection, and they
undergo regular examination for signs of corruption from
the patient's formidable mental Disciplines. Dr. Timo-
thy conducts this patient's sessions personally, and each
is followed by at least half an hour of physical cleansing
as well. Dirt breeds sickness, after all, and sickness can
fester into madness. When Dr. Timothy is frustrated, he
has lengthier sessions with this Cainite, who has become
the embodiment of all he hates and fears. A rigid mental
block prevents him from ever recognizing that the crea-
ture he has tortured, blood bound, and imprisoned is
indeed his sire.

Juliet Darr, Sheriffof North London

Background: The apple of her father's eye, young
Juliet Parr wanted for nothing, and was spoiled beyond
imagining by her doting father. She had all the clothes,
books and toys she desired, and was also allowed to hunt
and explore the Parr's vast estate in Gloucestershire,
dressed in boyish clothes. Lord Parr believed this was
nothing more than a passing phase and indulged her, but

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

ee Tt este nm a a wr


ict Darr

i 0

Juliet was lonely and isolated, her adventures and books
the only pleasure in her cloistered life. She felt
marginalized by the restrictions society placed on women,
and wished she had the same freedom of action as her
male counterparts.

Shortly after her 15th birthday she attempted sui-
cide, believing she would be reborn in a form better
suited to the lifestyle she desired. Her father's retainers
plucked Juliet from the River Severn and thenceforth
kept her under close scrutiny. This only exacerbated
Juliet's desire for freedom, and despite her chaperones,
she made several more attempts to kill herself over the
following months. Her father despaired, knowing that
his line would end with her if Juliet succeeded, and
arranged a hasty wedding to the son of a local landowner.
The young man was beneath her station, but her father
hoped that marriage and a family would provide his
daughter with the anchor she needed. At first, it seemed
to work, but shortly after the birth of her daughter Juliet
began to relapse and frequently talked of "escaping her
mortal prison."

One of those who heard of her plight was a young
naturalist called Gregory who, unbeknownst to Juliet,
was a childe of the baroness who claimed the Fief of
Gloucester. He saw the encroaching madness and, with-

LONDON BY NIGHT

Pe SLO FAR

out waiting for the approval of his lord, offered Juliet a
way out, an entry to a hidden world where the restric-
tions of gender were less binding. Her family believed she
had committed suicide, her body lost, but Juliet began a
nocturnal existence as a member of the Malkavian clan.
She soon became a favorite of Baroness Seren, who sent
her to Mithras's domain in 1790 as her eyes and ears. The
baroness' increasingly erratic behavior after 1800 — she
was blood bound to Mithras and the prince's absence
removed what few restraints existed on her psychotic
behavior — caused Juliet, though respectful of her
grandsire, to foreswear Gloucester in favor of cosmopoli-
tan London.

When the concept of women's suffrage came to the
fore in the mid-19th century, Juliet involved herself in
the National Society for Women's Suffrage, much to the
consternation of Valerius who saw it as undermining the
established order. Anne Bowesley, however, recognized
the potential of the suffrage movement and encouraged
Juliet's involvement with various members of the organi-
zation, notably Emily Davies and John Stuart Mill. It was
also Anne who saw the potential of Juliet's combination
of presence, knowledge and charm, proposing her as
Sheriff of North London, a post she has held since 1879.
Seemingly a strange choice for sheriff, her tenacity — a
manifestation of her obsessive-compulsive disorder —
and ingenuity means she often succeeds where a more
brute-force approach would not.

Juliet's principal haven is in Highgate, a short dis-
tance from the cemetery, but she has numerous secondary
lairs across North London between Ealing and
Walthamstow.

Image: Slender and short with flowing chestnut hair
and delicate features, Juliet Parr is far from the normal
image of a sheriff. In nightly unlife, she is polite and

reserved, evena little shy. However, when pushed —and

mocking her size is a good way of angering her — her
intense and forceful personality comes to the fore. Al-
though she is often found wearing traditional female
clothing, Juliet favors men's clothes, particularly when
"working." Her disguise as the orphaned daughter of a
missionary family explains this eccentricity to many
mortals, and to the other Kindred of London, this is
simply another Malkavian personality quirk to be reck-
oned with. Nonetheless, her eccentric dress does not sit
well with the more uptight Kindred who claim to espouse
Victorian values, while every complaint made to Mithras
(or Lady Anne) reinforces the prince's view that Juliet
was the right appointment.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quite capable of acting
up to your physical image — the coquettish young
woman — but despise it when others talk down to you.

i]
4


pee em tm ise

aie |

—— a" "a4
=e 5

OU

You rarely lose your temper, instead maintaining a polite
appearance while resorting to cutting remarks. Many
find your cold, clinical, matter-of-fact recitation of facts
(particularly when they involve the prospective fate of
someone who has offended you) rather disturbing, though
in fact it is part of your mental balancing act, a focus for
your efforts to retain self-control.

Clan: Malkavian

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Loner

Generation: 9th

Sire: Gregory of Gloucester

Embrace: 1782

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Streetwise 5,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 3, Performance 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 2

Knowledge: Area Knowledge (London) 3, Bureaucracy
2, Camarilla Lore 4, City Secrets (London) 3, Investiga-
tion 4, Law 3, Occult 3, Politics 1, Science 1
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dominate 4, Obfus-
cate 2, Potence 1

Background: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Herd 1, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 6

Rathe Haversham, "Prince Fagin"

Background: A Victorian businessman with suffi-
cient capital and deficient morals can easily turn a profit
at the cost of human life. Mr. Haversham was sucha man,
an owner of questionable properties in London's East
End. With ready money at his command, he made a
fortune acquiring properties in disrepair and transform-
ing them into respectable (or at least profitable) business
endeavors. The tenants he was forced to evict were
unfortunate, if financially intangible, obstacles to his
plans.

Even in his mortal life, Haversham had a reputation
as a bloodsucker. Many destitute souls throughout Lon-

Bit ry

Bie

v

174 6) °> Sa
—_

-_
PALL le 3

don knew of his reputation, especially those who had
been displaced by his schemes. Their children even
imitated his mocking laugh and theatrically exaggerated
his gestures. A miserly man, he had carefully spent
decades investing money in various stocks and bonds,
building his future on the misfortune of others. His
comfortable retirement was assured, until almost over-
night, businesses in which he had invested mysteriously
withered away. Because the chances of all of them failing
at once were improbable, Haversham became paranoid,
suspecting that someone or something had engineered
his downfall. His fears had basis in fact.

The well-known blackguard had become a diversion
for two venerable Kindred. One was Blind Peter, a
Nosferatu who believed that any man could be redeemed
if he suffered enough. After destroying Haversham's
cruel mortal life, Peter wanted to mentor and rebuild the
old man's brilliant financial mind to benefit the unfortu-
nates in his domain. His associate was a Transylvanian
Ventrue, a cynic who believed Haversham's would-be
mentor was a hypocrite. After all, most Kindred em-
ployed exploitative tactics that easily exceeded those of
the most ingenious slum lord. It was easy for the two
elders to manipulate a few minor businesses through
financial influence. After many nights of amusing argu-
ments, the two Kindred came to a decision. How the
mortal reacted would determine whether he was deserv-
ing of the Embrace... and whether it would be a reward
or a punishment.

Haversham suffered the tortures of the Damned.
Stripped of wealth and evicted from his own home, he
could find no refuge. Too many people on the street
recognized him, and took the opportunity to inflict
further suffering upon him. Within a week, a pack of men
cornered Haversham in a sewer tunnel, where they
hurled stones at him. Fortunately, Blind Peter witnessed
the entire incident. He realized that if he did not inter-
vene, he would be indirectly responsible for a man's
untimely death. After driving the angry mob away with
an army of rats summoned from the sewers, he abducted
Haversham and carried him into his underground king-
dom beneath London's Aethenium. The poor mortal
thought a demon was taking him to hell. In a way, he was
right. The Embrace transformed Haversham into a crea-
ture as hideous outside as inside. Beneath the Earth, the
childe's mentor began the arduous process of instructing
him in the ways of the Kindred.

Blind Peter was a relic of an older age. During the
Dark Ages, he had tried to convert the lame and diseased
to the Christian faith. He still held some hope that his
clan would be accepted for their vestigal humanity, not
condemned for their hideous appearance. Yet the Victo-

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

Fay Ske)

i

Lh
P ae

©

s *
726

—
eae


as BB 90) 22.498 4
rian mindset could not accept such an idea. Clearly, if
the Nosferatu appeared evil, they were evil. Even other
Nosferatu rejected him, forcing him to retreat to centu-
ries of isolation in the subterranean Aethenium he
helped construct. When the Prince of London discov-
ered that an exiled Nosferatu within his city had actually
sired a childe without his permission, he was furious.
Mithras called a blood hunt against Blind Peter for
violating the Second Tradition. The humane mentor
fled, leaving Haversham with some degree of infamy as
the childe of an outcast.

Humbled and humiliated, Haversham followed his
sire's example by retreating into obscurity. His supernal
ability to occlude himself came all too naturally, as his
desire to hide was fueled by shame. As soon as he could
master the proper monstrous Disciplines, he assumed the
guise of an elderly beggar. For sustenance, he drifted to
where large concentrations of blood were easily found:
the rookeries where masses of the destitute gathered. His
sire had taught him the need for penitence. He had seen
the impossible happen, and thus began to make a change
within himself.

Haversham has come to see himself as a protector of
the unfortunate, though it is a concept he struggles with
constantly. He still acts as a landlord of sorts, but over
squalid and abandoned properties that will never be

Rathe Haversham

A Sl oe ere

LONDON BY NIGHT

p. vn, /s ‘2 i74 6 28 ‘o
May y A ao

SS 7 3]

~
.

redeemed. He watches over the inhabitants of the rook-
eries where he stalks unseen, if only for the sake of
protecting his own herd. Indeed, the rampant rumors of
"Prince Fagin" originate with Haversham's exploitation
of his destitute domain, and also with his employment of
its unfortunates to do his bidding. He has become an
expert in the geography of London's seedier side, learn-
ing of thieves' dens, flash houses, and locations where the
homeless gather. Some of the children who once mocked
him have since become his ghouls, forming a pack of
"street Arabs" that act as his eyes and ears within his self-
proclaimed domain.

When he displays humane attitudes, they are a sharp
departure from Victorian conceptions of the Nosferatu.
Like his sire before him, he is shunned not only by the
city's prince, but his own clan as well. His interference in
mortal affairs may even be interpreted as a breach of the
Masquerade, though none have so far challenged him on
it. Of course, his assistance still has a price. When he
helps an unfortunate victim, "Prince Fagin" feels he has
earned the blood he later draws in compensation. His
pack of children sometimes assists him in these hunts.
They have become more than mere messengers or thieves,
for they have found the practice of murder progressively
easier. Blind Peter's legacy has become tainted, for the
incomplete redemption of one mortal has resulted in the
corruption of many.

Paranoia still plays an active role in Haversham's
unlife, as he still believes someone is out to destroy him.
He never learned the identity of Blind Peter's associate
in Transylvania. To keep himself safe, he maintains at
least five havens at any given time. His favorite one stays
the same, or at least degenerates consistently. It is the St.
Giles Rookery, an infamous location in London's under-

world. When endangered, he retreats to London's |

Aethenium, which he knows intimately.

Image: Haversham's face has been ruined by a mock-
ery of extreme age, enough that he has begun to resemble
a withered corpse. His apparent age is at least one
hundred. The pitiable creature displays a shock of white
hair, dark eyes, anda hooked nose. On the rare occasions
when he must appear before other Kindred, Haversham
uses his mastery of the Obfuscate Discipline to present
himself as he once was, sporting a top hat, a black cape,
a dark suit, and spats — fashions easily twenty years out
of date. When descending into the underworld, he wears
the same clothes, but makes them appear as though time
has weathered them as much as it has weathered his soul.
His favorite guise is as an elderly beggar, the persona he
presents to his "children."

Roleplaying Hints: Be humble. You still have the
manners and breeding of a gentleman, even if you were

ee ee


7] Ss
« y y
7

eee

a moral reprobate. Among respectable folk, you shuffle
and ingratiate yourself like the beggars you've studied.
When dealing with the people you have wronged, you
are straightforward and affable. You find self-esteem only
while playing fagin to your pack of ghoul children. You
do not like meeting new Kindred, preferring to act
through your intermediaries instead. If you were to find
one who was humane, however, you might risk further
social intercourse. Until then, cunning, vicious and
clever children speak for you. When you deliver a mes-
sage, you choose the messenger very carefully.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Blind Peter

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Architect

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1801

Apparent Age: extremely advanced

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 3, Leadership 3, Streetwise
5, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Security 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 1, Finance 4, Law 3, Politics 2
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 3, Po-
tence 2

Backgrounds: Herd 5, Influence (underworld) 4, Men-
tor 1, Resources 0 (3 as "Prince Fagin," though obtaining
these resources may take some time, as they come mostly
from ill-gotten goods that must be fenced.)

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 1
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

Harold Tanner, "Holborn Harry" the archivist

Background: Harry's earliest memories are of the
caves beneath Nottingham where his father worked as a
tanner; the twisting sandstone passages seemed as much
ahome to him as the streets of Narrow Marsh and Drury
Hill. By the standards of the town, his family was rich and
influential and Harold received a top-notch education.
He wasa bright student and thirsty for knowledge, but as
he grow older a dark side of his character began to
emerge. He did not like to have information withheld
from him — deliberately or by omission — and took to
sneaking around, listening at doorways and snooping
where he should not. In a young child, this was seen
simply as mischievousness, but as Harold grew it took on
a more sinister aspect. Discovered spying on his elder

‘ oad ie. : 1
oe BUELL 78 ae

rit:

tS Gy 2 207

brother and his new wife, Harry was sent away to the
abbey school at Westminster, where he was expected to
learn discipline and restraint from the monks.

The privations of the school went some way to
tempering Harold's desires, structured learning replac-
ing his insatiable quest for knowledge, and he surprised
his family by deciding to take vows and become a monk.
He studied in the Abbey's libraries but also added to their
knowledge, writing several treatises on life in the capital
during the early years of what became the Hundred Years
War. His keen observations and ability to discern the
forces behind public goings on caught the attention of
Richard de Worde, the Nosferatu spymaster for Prince
Mithras. De Worde would frequently call upon Harold's
insights, while leading the scholar-monk to believe he
was nothing more than a wealthy, albeit afflicted, pa-
tron. The terrible events of the mid-14th century would
change that and unsettle the politics of the city for
decades.

In 1348, the Black Death swept into London from
the continent, ravaging the population in waves for the
next two decades. Westminster was not immune to the
scourge and Harold fell victim to the plague. De Worde
could not bear to lose someone he considered a superla-
tive scholar, and with the permission of the prince, he
revealed his true nature and Embraced the dying monk.

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

SSW Sin Fah Nt Nt 0 i ns 4

Le EH CRS


f £VuPr Es

: .

90

The transformation to the vampiric state saved Harold at
the same time it cursed him, purging his body of foul
humors. Ironically, his sire was less fortunate; in a quirk
of fate, De Worde contracted the Black Death — one of
the few mortal diseases capable of harming a vampire —
after only seven years tutoring his protégé, succumbing
to Final Death in the spring of 1356. Although unready
to replace his sire, Harry had built up a network of
contacts throughout London that he administered from
the abbey, and over the next century he became a key
member of the Nosferatu network in the city.

The dissolution of the monasteries in 1537 and the
religious strife that followed destroyed Harry's network
and base of operations, and he spent a century traveling
in Britain and Europe, returning to London shortly
before the civil war. Narrowly escaping death in the
Great Fire, he found refuge among the common people
he had studied in life, eking out an existence in the slums
that bordered the Thames. Prominent Kindred sought
him out for his insights, and Harold soon found himself
peripherally attached to the prince's cohort. Unlike his
sire, who sought to integrate himself into the prince's
retinue, Harold prefers to keep his distance (though he is
quite capable of adopting airs and graces when required).
Indeed, he seems to seek out the roughest and most
despicable parts of the city, currently residing in the slum
district known as St. Giles' Rookery.

Image: Harry is the archetypal Nosferatu — a hor-
rible visage linked with an incisive and inquisitive mind.
Harry has also inherited his sire's more sophisticated
tastes and is usually both charming and urbane, despite
his ravaged visage and stooped body. When attending
the prince or Lady Anne he wears fine clothes, tailored
specially for him, but Harry's usual dress is that of a
resident of the rookery. For all his civility, however, he
takes great pleasure in distressing some of the more
snobbish Kindred with his appearance and odor; his
Embrace left him with a hunched back, bloated body and
perpetual scent of rot. Furthermore, while the Embrace
saved Harry from the plague, it did not eliminate the
disease from his body; many of those he feeds from suffer
lesions and boils, though few die or suspect anything
more than the unsanitary conditions of the rookery.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a font of wisdom on the
goings on in London, particularly the seedy underbelly of
mortal life and Kindred unlife. You listen attentively and
know just how to play people to get the information you
desire while giving as little as possible in return. You
never lie — telling a falsehood is completely against your
morality as an information broker — but you are well
versed in circumlocution, avoiding the issue at hand
with clever wordplay.

2 Sg YS 2 3 J gy 7 DD)

Clan: Nosferatu

Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Director
Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1348

Sire: Richard de Worde
Apparent Age: Indeterminate
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (London) 5, Camarilla
Lore 3, City Secrets (London) 4, Investigation 5, Law 4,
Medicine 3, Occult 3, Politics 3, Science 3
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Obfus-
cate 4, Potence 2

Background: Contacts 4, Influence 1, Status |
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Note: Although he pretends to be pained by the holiness
of Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's Cathedral, Harry is
in fact immune to the Faith effects associated with the
churches, something he believes is a legacy of his Em-
brace within the abbey precincts.

Violet Mary, the Invisible Harpy

Background: Like many of the Cleopatras of Clan
Nosferatu, Mary's story begins as one would expect:
"Once, she was beautiful." Skin white as porcelain, lips
as red as the rose, and a slightly eccentric affinity for

shades of lavender in her formal dress made hera woman ¥

few could resist. As a wealthy ingenue, she was fated for
marriage to a wealthy man who could not resist her. And
there the fairy tale goes astray, for the man who really
desired her was not a man at all.

Mary turned aside a host of mortal suitors before the
age of 18, and all for the same reason. Cautiously in-
structed in Victorian etiquette, she believed it unseemly
for an aristocratic woman to accept marriage before her
proper introduction to society. She knew the ritual by
heart: first, a formal ball where she would meet the
paragons of society; then a whirlwind tour of her father's
noble and wealthy associates, so that she would develop
appropriate relationships and correspondence. And fi-
nally, ina marriage calculated to advance herself and her
family, ascension to an even higher stratum of society,
where she would play the role the world intended for her.


] .
.

> | oe
Q-

Taz it

Mary had attracted the ardor of a man who was
neither wealthy nor handsome. He had acquired one of
the basest habits a Nosferatu could possess: a fascination
with his mortal prey. He had cultivated a taste for rich
blood, preferring to steal it from the very herds of Ventrue
and Toreador aristocracy. Yet Violet was a morsel he
could not consume in one rapacious feast. He watched
her ascent into society, strolling unseen through her life
until the night of her engagement. He had seen the
dance far too many times: She was preparing for her
marriage to a nobleman who would, inevitably it would
seem, cast her aside as he fulfilled the obligations of his
business, his society and his hobbies.

Each night he would watch her, dreaming of the
consummation of their relationship. How would it end?
Would he assume the guise of her true love, shattering
the illusion on the night of the groom's death? Perhaps
the wedding night scenario would be best, the one in
which he killed her suitor on the night of her nuptials. Or
maybe he would simply abduct her, revealing himself as
the monster in a fairy tale who would never allow her fate
to reach fulfillment.

Unsure of how to proceed, he began by summoning
her to a trysting place, using his supernatural powers to
draw her to him. Mary became aware that someone or
something was watching her. Each night, she would walk
out into the cold night air seeking something she could
not name. She began to dream of him. Her skin soon
paled from his repeated feedings, and her parents were
vexed by how to cure their somnambulist daughter. Her
unseen paramour hadn't planned for her anemic condi-
tion and the cold night air to weaken her health. As the
wedding day approached, she succumbed to a disease no
doctor could identify, dying slowly before the night
when her introduction to society assured her dreams
would come true.

Enraptured by her tragic beauty, the vampire who
had condemned her took pity on her. Without the
formality of asking for approval from the prince, he came
in the night like an Angel of Death, spiriting her away to
his underground kingdom. With the act of the Embrace,
he destroyed her beauty and broke her heart. When he
realized the horror of what he had done, he fled London.
From afar, he then worshipped her, writing passionate
letters delivered by his animalistic servants. Mary knew
that she must eventually confront him, but she never
responded to his letters. For years, the thought of him
tortured her, as it reminded her of the tale of a ravishing
beauty condemned forever to be a hideous beast.

Image: Richly attired, Mary has adapted the finest
and most ostentatious dresses she can acquire. To com-
pensate for her ugliness, her attention to fashion has

‘

ne Wiel j r eS
Wee) WL DE Pah Ae)

" @
é t "
£653 3 229 24,495 2a

ws rhe APT yh |) Pa

91
become excessive. She is a mockery of mortal ingenues,
walking erect and unseen wearing ballroom gowns, wed-
ding dresses, funeral attire or occasionally the sort of
ensemble one would expect from the French aristocracy
of the previous century. Nosferatu know her for her
formal gloves reaching up to her elbows, elaborate rats'
nests of coiffure, and the artful application of scents on
her attire. And, of course, she is known for her affection
for lily white, funereal black, lavender, indigo and violet.
Under it all, she is as shriveled as a corpse, leading some
to speculate that she has stolen some of her finery from
the bodies of the recently deceased. When no one with
Auspex is present, she is tempted to use her powers of
obfuscation to assume the beautiful form she had in life.
It is an act that inevitably reduces her to tears.
Roleplaying Hints: Shy to a fault, you refuse to
appear at formal gatherings without the benefits of
obfuscation. If you are seen by insightful viewers, how-
ever, you must maintain appearances, no matter how
ugly the truth may be. In the same way that your super-
natural power masks the ugliness of your appearance,
etiquette hides the unpleasant aspects of society from
view. Thus, civil discourse, and society itself, may con-
tinue. This attitude has allowed you to become one of the
city's most feared and respected harpies. Even powerful
Kindred dread the moment when you whisper a sugges-

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

< I a Sh a rtd
Pe re Oo

"
we

—

&

~

+. ©
ten
y

'&

Ly


9"

tion of proper behavior in their ears, for you can con-
demn improper acts and destroy the reputations of the
brutish without revealing your presence.

You silently record each transgression of social eti-
quette that occurs, then dutifully report them to other
harpies and the seneschal. The very structure of society
depends on your efforts. If Nosferatu are meant to be
heard and not seen, then that is a standard you must
uphold. This earns you enmity from many Nosferatu, but
status within the Victorian Camarilla. Above all else,
you hold in reproach those who would expose the truth.
As you have seen repeatedly in affairs of the heart, the
truth hurts, and occasionally kills. As such, you do not
traffic in secrets. You report what the harpies, as the eyes
of society, have seen. This responsibility distracts you
from your own failures.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Alexander

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Martyr

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1854

Apparent Age: indiscernible

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Intelligence 2, Perception 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Expression 2,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 5, Performance 1, Stealth 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Politics 4
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Obfuscate 4, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Influence 3, Resources 3, Retainers 5
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 5

Note: Violet Mary's retainers maintain shops in London
that offer the finest fashions a lady can afford. Each has
a bricked-up cellar where Mary can sleep by day. Yet few
know of her more secretive haunts. Mary's fantasy was
elaborate enough to involve the rest of a human life as
well, for she dearly wanted to have achild. When sadness
overwhelms her, she frequents one of several cemeteries
where dead children have been interred. Each day before
dawn, she descends into the grave of a dead child using
Earth Meld, cradles the corpse in her arms, and sings to
it sweetly as it eternally sleeps.

o

4 Je oy ws

Dhita Choudhair, Mystery From the Fast

Background: Dhita's father, a British soldier, no
doubt boasted of his conquest of a dusky Indian maiden
when he was back in England. Dhita's mother, a serving
girl named Shaila had a different way of describing it:
rape. Shalia's family cast her out when her pregnancy
became obvious. She managed to scrape together a living
for herself among the street people of Delhi. A matter of
weeks before Dhita's birth a poor family of the low Sudras
caste took pity on her and allowed her to live with them.

Dhita was born and raised as one of the family. The
girl had a sharp wit, exotic looks and a contempt for the
British instilled in her by her mother. Eventually, she
secured work serving in the home of a local merchant
who seemed amused by the ambition and intelligence of
this girl trying to live outside the boundaries of her caste.

It was only a matter of weeks before Dhita spotted
something unusual about her employer: He only every
seemed to appear by night. Several months passed before
her curiosity overcame her fear and she asked Debtosh
what he did during the days. He laughed at the girl's
presumption and then offered her a choice: Go back to
the streets, or give up her old life to become his full time

servant. With some misgivings, she chose the latter

option and drank the proffered liquid.

Dhita served Debtosh well as a ghoul, using her looks
and wiles to manipulate his mortal business contacts.
Less than a year later, though, she was mortally wounded
when a strange creature attacked Debtosh as the pair
returned to his house a few hours before dawn. Dhita
threw herself at the creature, slowing it down long
enough for Debtosh to gather his wits. After a long
struggle, Debtosh destroyed his attacker. He then Em-
braced the dying girl, a rash decision made in the heat of
the moment. He was of the Vaisyas jati, and should not
have Embraced a girl from such a lowly background. Still,
together the pair concocted a story that she was the
daughter of one of his business partners, given over to his
keeping after her father was lost at sea. The conflict
between the Ravnos and the asuratizayya — the strange
vampires of the Orient — was particularly intense at the


ees
. ; y

aS = * ax
he Sh pe lg

Si? | S

time, so few questioned the story, preferring to simply
welcome a new soldier to the struggle.

Over the next twenty years, Dhita and her sire grew
in prominence among Delhi's vampires. She was an asset
in both his business dealings and in his role in fighting
the asuratizayya. Ironically, this was because of her con-
tacts among India's lowest caste, the secret she had to
hide from other vampires. One of Debtosh's enemies
suspected the truth, though, and managed to track down
Shaila, exposing the improper nature of Dhita's Em-
brace. Dhita's sire was shamed but forgiven. Dhita herself
was immediately demoted to the Chandalas jati, the
lowest of the low among Indian Ravnos. With nothing to
lose and every reason to fear the miserable existence that
she would endure as Chandalas, Dhita stowed away ona
merchant ship bound for London.

Weeks later, the ship finished its journey to the East
India Dock with a depleted and frightened crew. Dhita
made her way off the boat in the early hours of the
morning. Within minutes, she found herself held fast by
tentacles of shadow. Stephen Lenoir had recognized the
signs of a Kindred stowaway and had come to "greet" the
new arrival.

In the years since, Dhita has been able to turn her
heritage into a bargaining chip in London. Many Kin-
dred are eager to know more about the subcontinent, but

aa
w " ‘5 -

| Wy

2

4

93

are somewhat reluctant to travel there themselves. While
Indian ghils have provided some of the information they
require, Dhita has proved a invaluable source of informa-
tion. India remains of interest to London's Kindred, and
thus, Dhita's position in the city remains secure.

Image: Dhita is a strikingly attractive woman whose
father's genes lighten her skin tone and prevent her
looking too foreign to British and European eyes. Some-
how the hint of Western features in this Indian woman
serves to reassure them of her relative trustworthiness
and elevate her above other "natives" in their eyes. Her
time in London has taught her that wearing traditional
Indian dress is a useful affectation at Elysium, but much
of the time she is better off wearing the clothes of a
British lady. London is far too cold to warrant saris, even
for a Kindred.

Roleplaying Hints: Your history and background
are your power, so you play up your Indian heritage.
You're aware that you pander to English stereotypes of a
"mysterious Indian woman," but that's better than the
life you would have had back in India. Give away
nothing about India, your past or your abilities unless you
are sure that you will prosper as a result. You will not
suffer for your shame, the way your mother did. You have
a unique niche among London's Kindred, so exploit it
wisely.

Clan: Ravnos
Sire: Debtosh
Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1849

Apparent Age: late teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Expression |

Skills: Etiquette 2, Performance 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 1, Politics 3
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Chimerstry 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 6

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

at

2 > oS S

te)

A, he} ——_—_———

| 1 eh ,
Bi EE WEEE BAR fo

— ew


— ee | (avai

i" ¥ a,

Cyt eter bead ?

Eric Baring-Gould, Impassioned Solicitor

Background: For Baring-Gould, success as a barris-
ter and solicitor brought wealth, privileges — and some
measure of guilt. His social status, education and voca-
tion allowed him the opportunity to enjoy the finer
things in life, but the ethical dilemmas of his profession
plagued him. Outside of his profession, he could culti-
vate an Epicurean's tastes, attend the theater, afford suits
crafted by London's most skilled tailors, and even mingle
in the social circles of the powerful and influential. Yet
whenever bureaucracy, incompetence, or outright mal-
ice circumvented justice, the privileges of his profession
did little to deaden the pain. Risking the lifestyle he had
come to treasure, he began to take his work personally,
crusading only for causes he could morally justify.

Someone took notice. A wealthy and eccentric
gentleman asked Eric Baring-Gould to meet with him
privately over dinner. Although his host refused to even
drink the vintage century-old wine at his own table, the
feast was a stunning work of culinary achievement. The
gentleman at first seemed reluctant to speak of legal
matters, instead conversing about everything from the
intrigues and scandals of high society to performances of
the local opera. Once they were on a first-name basis,
Eric felt comfortable enough to deftly handle all such
topics, demonstrating his cultivation.

The host segued seamlessly to a discussion of ethics
in law, a topic the young barrister took very seriously. By
his reasoning, all the accomplishments of society meant
nothing if the law could not protect justice. His host,
Rafael, immediately hired him on retainer, promising
him a lifetime of work if he found it to his liking. The
position had one considerable drawback, one Eric did
not anticipate. At the conclusion of the feast, Eric
realized that the unusual aftertaste in the mulled wine he
had been savoring was that of human blood. A quick
application of supernatural acumen erased all memories
of the unpleasantness and alarm in the barrister's reac-
tion.

Eric's position in society immediately launched to
heights he could not previously imagine. His dealings
opened doors into the homes of many of London's rich
and powerful, including some curious individuals he had
never met before. The most unusual was an old-fash-

LONDON BY NIGHT

ea ne ee nee ee

*

i i oA
{ UA

ioned man named Valerius, who was deeply impressed
with his attitudes toward justice. Raphael calmly ex-
plained a career move that lay before the young lawyer.
Before Eric could accept, Rafael Embraced him in the
haven of the seneschal of London. From that moment
on, Eric was instructed in the intricacies of a very
different form of law: the Six Traditions of the Camarilla.
With Valerius' blessing, the childe of Raphael de Corazon
was then accepted as a primogen of the city.

Although his vitae is potent, Baring-Gould is inex-
perienced in the ways of the Camarilla. His sire is famous
for having helped establish the Six Traditions as the
foundation of the sect, yet Rafael's childe remains mod-
est. While he participates in the necessary gatherings of
London's Kindred, he treasures his privacy. He has taken
up residence in the theater district, where he has culti-
vated a relationship with a Ventrue who has claimed the
area as his domain. His flat is subtle, but well-defended by
his servants. When Cyril Masters does the courtesy of
paying him a visit, they engage in impassioned discus-
sions about their common interests, including legal events
in London.

Eric Baring-Gould has a mastery of the law few
would dare challenge in any gathering of Kindred. He
has become an expert in the history of the Six Traditions
and gained a reputation because of it. Unfortunately, he
has become particularly critical of lapses of judgment
within his own clan, a stance that has placed him at odds
with many Degenerates. The London Toreador who
support him do not see their clan as a gathering of
artistes, but as paragons who demonstrate the humanity
represented by art and culture. Several have petitioned
Lady Anne to accept Rafael's childe as one of London's
primogen, but just as he has staunch supporters, he has
passionate rivals, including Horace Holden. For the

nonce, Anne values Baring-Gould's insight, but that °

could easily turn if he was forced to criticize the seneschal's
actions.

Image: Baring-Gould is understandably overwhelmed
by all that has happened to him, yet he does his best to
conceal his alarm and remain professional. He still dresses
impeccably in the fashions of the day (and the night).
His dark hair and blue eyes are a remarkable contrast to
his pale skin, enhancing his already handsome appear-
ance. His demeanor makes him a polite companion to
cultured ladies, yet the all-consuming obligations of his
profession — and his nature — force him to remain aloof.

Roleplaying Hints: You are always professional and
polite, even when dealing with individuals you find
personally annoying. Many neonates seem to expect you
to be some kind of artist or visionary because you are
Toreador. Although you appreciate artistic achieve-


SS,

ty »~ = = 7 uy n g fi

S, . aal ssi —— —- i al i ia Me Vj a 7

_ eae ee ‘ia ~~ = 4) {Rie f

: " - Tg) Get Ivy 2 ;
ae tee ot ata gp Jy {=S

ment, you find artistic temperament bothersome. The
very fact that you are associated with a clan sometimes
known as Degenerates is distasteful to you. That haughty
fop named Holden is one of the worst, embodying many
of the traits you cannot stand in your consanguineous
y= brethren. By your thinking, Clan Toreador should up-
hold and protect the finer qualities of mankind, not
mock them through excess and exploitation.

The only time you display passion is when it is
appropriate in "court" to sway a case, particularly if it
involves the Traditions. Your advocacy preserves the
civility of the Empire. Those laws prevent the undead
from victimizing an unsuspecting public. Even if the
Camarilla's customs are situational, or lie at the whim of
a Methuselah's Lextalionis, you usually argue for what
you think is right. Such displays of honesty cost you
dearly. In your finer moments, one would think you were
almost human.

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Raphael de Corazon

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1880

§ Apparent Age: mid-20s

} Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

1 Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 2, Expression 4, Intimi-

dation 1
} Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Performance 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Law 4, Poli-
f tics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 5, Presence 5
Backgrounds: Influence 2, Mentor 5, Resources 3, Re-
tainer 4
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 3
} Morality: Humanity 7
Willpower: 6
Note: Ona few singular opportunities, Baring-Gould has
learned what it is like to have power over others. He has
} been discriminating in choosing his servants, but he has
| found himself oddly comfortable in instructing and con-

ditioning them. Raphael de Corazon taught him the

importance of upholding the proper priorities of his clan
) through the auspices of social custom. His current situa-
} tion has tempted him to consider his authority as a way
to enforce his own interests. Although based heavily on
precedent, the Traditions' situational nature lends itself
to abuse.

a el gel veh eee

ne ores ,

ee AS me

e

7

LE RD

As the Beast Within stirs, Eric has come to consider
inflicting other forms of abuse. When driven nearly to
frenzy by the treacherous and degenerate actions of his
clan, he takes his rage out on his servants. The sight of
their broken bodies intrigues him enough to trigger his
Toreador fascination. He has come to find beauty in
music, in art, and in private acts of violence. He finds his
lapses of composure both terrifying and compelling. !

Lorna Dingwall, the Scottish Hostage
Background: The Kindred of Edinburgh assumed

that Lorna was Embraced because of her incredible
singing voice. They were quite, quite wrong. Her sire
chose her for her extensive contacts in Edinburgh's
underworld, gained through her admirers and lovers in
the five years she lived in the city.

Lorna was born in the small village of Dollar to a
well-to-do family. She was never satisfied with her lot in
life, trapped in a rural location at the base of the Ochils.
As she blossomed into a fetching young woman with a
talent for music, she pressured her father into paying for
her to travel to her aunt's house in Edinburgh for further
study. She quickly became quite the sensation in
Edinburgh society, becoming a favored guest at evening
soirees in the city. She also enjoyed the attentions of

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

Aol ne hie a a SOS EER Ae

KJ


L Fi

96 "SILLA
many young men, many of them classed as disreputable"
by her aunt.

This mattered to Lorna not one jot. The underside
of Auld Reekie was too exciting to be denied, and she
' soon found herself moving in a second, more secret,
| social circle. Her sire, Andrew Campbell, found her
irresistible. A wonderful singing voice, a ruthless mind
~~ and influence in the underworld already: the perfect

childe. He sought permission to Embrace from the prince
_ and obtained it. Two nights later, during a private but
4} well-paid recital, Lorna joined the Kindred.
i | For the next twenty years, Lorna relished her unlife.
While she worked at the direction of her sire, unlife
offered chances she had never expected to have. If it
weren't for the occasional stirrings of the Beast and the
need to hide from some of her acquaintances and admir-
ers from her mortal days, her new existence would be
close to her childhood dreams. However, the nightly
need to drink the blood of others, the struggle for control
| and the ruthless and patronizing behavior of the
# §=€§©=- Edinburgh elders quickly turned her nights into a trial
| she came to hate.

Then, one evening, Lorna's sire took her aside and
told her that she was to be sent to London. He expected
her to be nervous, or angry. In fact, she was delighted.
She had the chance to be at the very center of the empire,

ria BY NIGHT

ct ss Nl Sh i ie BM NA ——

IR IE gD
@

a
oe Jct}! me, J oy a he Dd)

ina politically significant, if rather powerless, position as
ahostage under the recently re-instated Treaty of Durham.
What's more, she could escape the stifling world of
Edinburgh's Kindred.

To Lorna's dismay, the first months in London were
the toughest of her unlife. The city was in chaos. The old
prince was gone, swept aside by some ancient pretender,
as Lorna saw it, and the Kindred were in disarray. No one
had time for a young Scottish neonate, except Janet
Latimer, who was also a newcomer to the city. The two
have formed a wary acquaintance and have taken to
arriving at Elysium together and leaving together. Of
late, Lorna has been running a few errands for Janet,
which involved talking to an attractive, rather danger-
ous and deeply naive vampire by the name of Peter
Bedwell. She is doing her best, despite her sire's warnings
that Kindred no longer feel sexual desire, to awaken his
interest in her, almost as an experiment.

One of Lorna's clanmates, a strange woman by the
name of Victoria Ash, has recently started to make
overtures of interest in the Edinburgh lass after some
initial hostility, so Lorna is beginning to feel that she is
finally making some headway amongst the local vam-
pires.

Image: Lorna is a petite redhead, standing no more
than five feet high. Her hair tumbles in long cascades
down her back, and her face is round and slightly imp-
like. She dresses fashionably and expensively, especially
at Elysium, which has earned her a reputation for tacki-
ness among the more discerning Kindred in the city, who
see her pursuit of ostentatious dress as symptomatic of a
provincial mindset unworthy of the Kindred of the
empire's capital. In company, she is all radiant smiles and
perfect manners. When she thinks she's not being
watched, a more thoughtful, calculated expression sits

on her face. She has yet to learn to wear the mask at all "

times.

Roleplaying Hints: You are aware that you are
technically a hostage to the Treaty of Durham, an
agreement made centuries before you were born, but you
don't care. You are in the greatest city in the world, and
are close to the center of attention. This is your chance:
You're going to exploit it to the full. In mortal society,
you would be viewed as ruthless and cunning. Among
Kindred, things are different. You're pleasant to every-
one, especially people you perceive as important, and
you listen far more than you speak. You think you're
building a good base of contacts, but you're wrong.
Among vampires, you're a beginner and sooner or later
you're going to make a mistake.

Clan: Toreador
Sire: Andrew Campbell


Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1860

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Expression 4, Leadership 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 3, Performance 4, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Medi-
cine 1, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Fame 2, Mentor 2, Resources
2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 6

Horace Holden, Insightful Dilettante

Background: At the dawn of the Gothic literature
movement, Horace Holden possessed an uncanny knack
for being at the right place at the right time, and with the
tight people. As the inheritor of a family fortune of
dubious origins, he grew up as a consummate dilettante.
Each new rage of artistic innovation, whether in music,
fashion, theater or literature, attracted his interest. Al-
though he lacked the fire to create such works, he quickly
gravitated to the individuals who created them. Failing
that, he found the people who knew the people who
could introduce him, exploiting temporary friendships.

Where social grace failed, money prevailed. He

. dabbled in brief stints as a patron of the arts, but his

oe —

wandering from one artistic fad to the next made him an
unreliable benefactor. However, it did gain him admit-
tance tosome very remarkable parties, where he cultivated
an ability to blend in with each new crowd. By the mid-
19th century, he became fascinated with literature, even
struggling to pen his own creations. The Gothic move-
ment consumed him from the first time he read Castle of
Otranto. Within a few scant years, he had made his
introductions to the exemplars of this prurient style.
Most promptly forgot his name, remembering only his
unctuous enthusiasm.

What Horace lacked in talent, he made up for in
insight. He could not create trends, but he could cer-
tainly spot them before they became known. Increasingly

desperate for acceptance, he drifted where his instincts
led him. In the year he first thrilled to Polidori's "The

oy, Jat I i yy

ro

+
~,

Vampyre," he entered a rather curious variant of this
literary movement: a network of hedonists who aspired
to attain the same passions evinced by Gothic poetry. If
nothing else, their Dionysian revelries were diverting,
leading to epic bouts of intoxication.

As he progressed through this social scene, wine
gave way to absinthe, and in one shocking evening, the
consumption of human blood. He had cultivated an
ability to separate the artistes from poseurs in any given
crowd, but it led him toa cult that took its degeneracy all
too seriously. To the depths of his heart, he knew that
this was a cultural movement that would transform him
forever. He had seen through the mysteries of their
Masquerade, finding a conspiracy of jaded and indulgent
Toreador. He had read accounts of such monsters, but he
was completely unprepared and amazed by the fact that
they actually existed.

His first encounter with vampires galvanized him.
He instantly aspired to attain all the grace and style these
creatures of Gothic legend possessed. The most potent
allure for him was the promise of immortality. Imagine
an eternity to practice one's craft. Assuredly, it would be
worth the sacrifice of never seeing the sun again to
perfect one's poesy over centuries! The torments of the
Damned would undoubtedly inspire him to new heights
of artistic vision. And perhaps once he infiltrated Kin-


LONDON BY

96

dred society, he would be able to usher other visionaries
across the threshold of eternity. Imagine if Byron and
Shelley had centuries laid before them. What master-
works would they present to the night? Horace threatened
to expose the blood cult's activities if they did not make
him one of them.

The weak-willed Toreador he confronted was
shocked. Although he had been lax in hiding his illicit
activities, he thought his circle had been cautious enough
to preserve the Masquerade. Fearful of a blood hunt, or
worse, the necessity of brutally killing an innocent, the
humane Toreador welcomed him into the society of the
Damned. Horace quickly learned how much of the
glamour of vampiric existence was a lie. His poetry was
still execrable, and his immortality was an illusion. Until
his Final Death, he would be what he had been in life: an
imitator of mortal culture. Throughout the Victorian
age, the salons of London welcome him, but the accom-
plished artists of his own clan still pity him. Cursed in a
way he would never have understood in his breathing
days, he still seeks out visionaries who possess talent he
can never have.

Image: Being tall and thin never goes out of style.
Each night when Horace awakens, he has one of his
servants style his hair in whatever manner is currently
fashionable. Another one brings clothes that are cur-
rently avant garde, but never so innovative as to be
offensive. He is a social chameleon, stoic and silent one
night, then wildly boisterous the next. When Kindred
festivities bore him, he delves into anachronistic fash-
ions, revisiting styles that were in vogue decades or even
centuries ago. Among mortals, he has mastered blending
into crowds, assimilating their attitudes, and then work-
ing to stand out as vibrantly as any true Toreador should.

Roleplaying Hints: You do not create; you emulate.
You prefer to be a flamboyant bon vivant, but you also
know such behavior is considered scandalous in some
circles. Fortunately, your insight aids you admirably. As
an eternal dilettante, you adapt new styles quickly. You
have come to see mortals as transient, for only true art
endures. Only those with vision distinguish themselves
from the herd of humanity. You are an expert at telling
the difference between someone who is a true artiste and
someone who is as much of an imitator as you are.
Sometimes this insight extends to other fields of en-
deavor as well, most notably politics.

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Rudolph Paulsen
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Visionary
Generation: 11th

MGHT

ni bi

a 1 > i7 ‘i * >

ae, 23 9954. ee

Embrace: 1819

Apparent Age: 32
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 4, Expression 1

Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 4, Performance (imitation) 5,
Ride 1

Knowledges: Academics 3, Finance 3, Linguistics 4,
Occult 1

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3

Backgrounds: Herd 4, Resource 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 1
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 5

Edward Bainbridge, Experienced Primogen

Background: As a professor of anthropology and
archaeology, Edward had a promising mortal career.
Initially, his singular vice was a fascination with the
occult. Hidden within his sedate and outdated scholarly
library, Edward hid treatises on the shocking rituals of
savage tribes. During an alleged vacation in the Congo,
he actually participated in tribal rites that would have
scandalized him at the university. The natives of that
tribe worshipped a "blood goddess," a beautiful creature

who came in the night to take whomever she pleased. He ¥

prayed she would take him, bestowing upon him the true
knowledge he craved.

Edward knew nothing of the object of their venera-
tion. Elaine de Calinot was a powerful Tremere sorceress
whose aegis of domain extended across the continent. As
one of the clan's seven pontifices, she watched over
African chantries from Capetown to Alexandria. The
Empire's colonialism had given her an opportunity to
discover methods of magic unknown on the European
continent. To aid her in studying the forbidden, she
began the controversial practice of Embracing mortal
natives who had demonstrated magical acumen. When
she discovered Professor Bainbridge, she turned the
timid scholar from the light to a path of darkness. She
then patronized his researches into activity across the


F ve =< tae Fat atte eosin so tN ry

"7? f f / e ie. WR 4 im Se 7 ~~ '
| : OM AMDEILLUEGY wd i aL
"0 : a Sie =
ry | African continent, encouraging him to learn from first- e

™ hand experience. She had chosen wisely.

' Upon his return to the heart of the empire, Edward's
Sy §6= knowledge of African magic made him a curiosity in
_ Britain, assuring his fame within his clan. Years of devout
| service to the pontifex resulted in his ascension up the
pyramid of power that is Clan Tremere. His ability to
blend so thoroughly into other cultures, observe their

magical practices, and assiduously document them earned

him admiration in the scholarly circles of the Damned.
| Whenthespiritualist movement began, he eagerly partici-
pated in many such gatherings, quickly sorting the
charlatans from the visionaries. As a panorama of occult
societies took hold in Europe, he traveled widely at the
behest of the pontifices, documenting the evolution of
§ magic. Triumphs of scholarship eventually earned hima
position as a primogen in London, a cosmopolitan locale
that Edward decided should host a wide array of practi-
tioners, whether living, dead or undead. Through
extensive correspondence, he extended invitations to
| occultists and loremasters throughout the world.

| Edward's enthusiasm was a sharp departure from the
| § attitudes of the city's previous primogen, Monsieur
| 9 Pachard. The former councilor's mysterious death scan-
dalized the London Camarilla. Openly, his disappearance
was blamed on an attack by Sabbat crusaders, but pri-
vately, some insightful ancillae whispered that he had
1} been eliminated through intrigue. The local Nosferatu servant who would act as his clan whip, punishing any
hinted that the former primogen had a falling out with

|

ae = ‘Al (aoe ape Lad who would exploit his generosity in welcoming the
gine primogen council, possibly resulting in his sudden diverse occult traditions within London. As long as these

" ® » ° >
committal" to the Deep Ward of Dr. Timothy's asylum. practitioners coexist, he sees no need ask this assistant,

i.
j Within half a century, several old and treacherous Mr. Smythe, to punish those who act with indiscretion.

| Primogen councilors had been replaced by younger and Itis hinted, however, that if Edward does not ask Smythe
more inexperienced ones. Was it because of the Sabbat, to:pérforn such services, Vienna-will:

as the seneschal claimed, or a scheme to make the ; a ae ;
i, . é , Despite this veiled threat, Edward has decided that
iY primogen council more subservient to their prince? rete ness of
Pers at i 5 London' must maintain numerous chantries if it is to
¥ Bainbridge dismissed such gossip. Just in case, however, Aa :
| remain innovative. In a sense, all London Tremere

he recruited a clan whip who could also act as his ee
belong to his one chantry, but this is little more than a

bodyguard. , :
f lity adopted hat the local Witch
During his decades of travel and research, Edward See tae caas BR ie os

had d Fdeaciaehi remain unified. He extends great lenience to Kindred
eo eHcountered a Vast array Of CIStUrDINE supermatural who wish to form their own mystical societies, even

} ee oer Ss most aT tae was a cult ss bar tolerating those who want to patronize mortals seeking
who Aad Claimed to practice techniques preserved IfOM — Gecult knowledge. His generosity has one condition: In

i
| the Dark Ages — most notably, sorcery involving fire. London, no one outside Clan Tremere is to learn

i) Forreasons he could not understand, the Inner Circle of Thaumaturgy. He considers hisclan's dabbling in mortal

| the Tremere moved quickly to destroy this hidden cabal. practices to be "résearch," but the boundaries of suck

| Afew SEOs Were taken to Vienna, where they were activities are enforced by his whip. Valerius currently
} extensively conditioned to obey the clan, enforce the supports: the idea thar: outsiders who learn ‘true

| clan's will, and forget the existence of the Order of Thaumaturgy threaten the Masquerade. Thus, when a

‘a ibge me wees their ie ie cleansed of curious Kindred is turned to ash by the Path of Flame,
all memory of their former sect: House Flambeau. Edward's whip cites the First Tradition as his justifica-

Edward was later rewarded with a blood bound  $

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST


os >} ei Ni A a ES eC hai
—~ 2 é

tion for unleashing swift retribution. Truly, Edward's
hospitality exceeds Smythe's brutality.

The primogen's favorite haunt is the British Mu-
seum, which Clan Tremere has collectively pressured to
have declared an Elysium. Years of scholarship have
made Edward Bainbridge a respected and inimitable
guide to its riches. His modest estate is within walking
distance of the museum. It is a three-story Victorian
house with charming décor, an eccentric display of stone
gargoyles in its garden, and elaborate Thaumaturgical
wards. He never conducts business there, preferring
instead to walk to the museum at night, where he handles
introductions and negotiations in the corridors. Be-
tween the Tremere, the Ventrue and the Toreador,
several mortal guards have been empowered as ghouls to
protect and defend this national treasure. Bainbridge
claims the neighborhood between his haven and the
museum as his domain.

Image: Scholarly to a fault, Edward has only three
suits at any given time, which his servant has meticu-
lously repaired upon countless occasions. The spectacles
he wears are not an affectation; when he was Embraced,
his vision was poor, his hairline was receding, and a
paunch had settled around his midsection. Outsiders in
other clans make the mistake of considering Edward
harmless. Yet during high rituals, he is as passionate as a
force of nature. His approach to magic usually involves
assuming a particular persona of mythic significance
during a carefully planned ceremony. He seems to trans-
form his very identity when his craft demands it.

Roleplaying Hints: As a consummate host and
visionary researcher, you rarely pass judgment on those
who wish to consult you. Your tolerance for a wide array
of magical styles and practices has garnered you support

. froma wide array of Witches, but also the resentment of

more conservative factions. You threaten with the wrath
of the elders (or your whip's retribution) whena Tremere's
actions would endanger a chantry, the clan, the city or
the Camarilla. When dealing with gentlemen, you listen
more than you speak, only lapsing into the pedagogical
mode of your days in academe when you are actively
consulted. When dealing with the "weaker sex," you are
exceptionally gentlemanly and genteel. Soft-spoken and
even-tempered, you seem to have tamed the very Beast
within you through the discipline of scholarship and the
healing qualities of magical practice. Many consider you
a paragon of Humanity.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Elaine de Calinot

Nature: Thrill-Seeker

Demeanor: Gallant

LONDON BY NIGHT

je |) he is
; AL

i i at is nit

os : i7

A =p

Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1850
Apparent Age: mid-40s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Expression 2,
Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 3, Performance 5, Survival 3
Knowledges: Academics (Theology) 4, Investigation 3,
Linguistics 4, Occult 5, Science 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 5, Fortitude 3, Obfus-
cate 3, Thaumaturgy 4

Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 4, Movement of
the Mind 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Herd 4, Resources 4, Retainers 3,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

Merits & Flaws: Eat Food

Note: The Tremere primogen is blessed with the ability
to enjoy food and drink. He usually exercises this ability
for the purpose of drinking exotic teas. A solitary practi-
tioner within the clan, Rebecca Grey, visits him once
each month to bring hima fresh supply of herbs. She also
informs him of recent events involving witchcraft and
magi. These and other "human" tastes help him assume
an alternate persona, one that travels freely through
mortal magical societies. It is a habit he adopts more
often than anyone else in his clan, as he continues to
research through experience.

At times, his contact with mortals has become so inti-
mate that it presents a risk to the Masquerade. More
precisely, he has a weakness for female flesh, and has
taken many mortal lovers. It is a natural extension of his
many scandals in his breathing days, when he engaged in
furtive couplings with native women in Africa. He would
promise to show his conquests the wonders of the civi-
lized world, then promptly and conveniently forget them.
As a good anthropologist, he learned the punishments
for sullied women in a wide variety of tribes. The tribes
he enjoyed the most were the ones that killed the
pregnant and disgraced women he left behind.

Asa vampire, his abductions of the innocent are equally
exploitative. Although he usually conditions the objects
of his indiscretions to forget their supernatural affairs,
proper applications of that Discipline require him to
abduct his victims for extended periods of time. It is only
a matter of time before he is exposed as a criminal,


eee)

i

— is

= 3

a

though he sees his need for "human contact" as proof of
his own humanity, a sacrifice he makes for love. It is a
degenerative enterprise that has corrupted him to his
very core. Since Rebecca Grey guards her humanity and
sanity with far greater vigilance, she would be horrified
to discover what Bainbridge has secretly become, and
might possibly scheme to destroy him.

Sri Sansa, Rakish Mountebank

Background: Born to a wealthy family, Sri could
never hope to fully capitalize on his family's good for-
tune. A native of India, he would always be second-best
to the British imperialists who claimed his country as a
colony of their empire. Even during his years of schooling
in Britain, he was treated as an inferior. When he
returned, he was reluctant to struggle as a functionary in
his father's export business. The fortune his family amassed
came at the cost of the suffering of his countrymen. At
first, he was overwhelmed by guilt, but with access to his
family's riches, he could afford ways to numb that trouble-
some emotion. Growing increasingly demoralized by his
contact with British culture, his diversions blossomed
into outright hedonism. In the pursuit of pleasure, he
became a rake, a degenerate and a scoundrel.

A handsome man, Sri charmed British women who
sought an escape from propriety though indulgence in
the forbidden. They held certain expectations of him,
ones he was all too eager to exploit. Through rumors of
Blavatsky's discoveries, India acquired a certain mys-
tique related to the occult, one complicated by
misunderstandings of everything from yoga to tantric
practices. The women he found most attractive were the
ones who repeatedly asked if he had any acquaintance
with magic. He sought it with all the passion of a young
man eager for a quick tryst. Before long, he traveled ina
circle of occult charlatans eager to uncover the mysteries
of India, whether real or fabricated. By learning the
patter of a drawing room spiritualist, memorizing frag-
ments of Blavatsky, cultivating a taste for illicit substances,
and parroting a mishmash of topics acquired from other
fakers, he learned to play the role of a occultist.

As with other victims of the Embrace, he found what
he was seeking. Sri's misfortune began in England, where
he sought to ply his criminal trade. The would-be Indian
mystic offered his services as a fortuneteller and spiritu-
alist to the wealthy and desperate. Smuggling various
substances brought from abroad amply supplemented his
already considerable income. It was a role he played all
too well, for it enabled him to make gullible acquaintan-
ces eager for spiritual advancement. By presenting himself
as an expert in Indian mysticism, he made the acquain-

. SVN

Sri Sansa

ee +

tance of many curious individuals, including a pale man
who hinted at his own occult knowledge.

In a late night rendezvous, the pale man offered to
hire the Indian spiritualist as an advisor. Sri feigned
insouciance, remaining aloof as he claimed to possess
secrets he could never willingly disclose. The pale man
lacked the discipline to condition his associate, but by
performing a "ritual" masking the first stage of a blood
bond, the foolish Tremere made Sri his ghoul. He was
sorely disappointed to learn of the so-called expert's
fraud, but he found a student eager to learn the intrica-
cies of Thaumaturgy. After ensuring the second stage of
a blood bond, he Embraced Sri and acquired him as an
apprentice.

Sri's talent for deception has served him in good
stead. The opportunities afforded by his clan allow him
to ascertain the truth behind many of the myths he had
previously encountered. Sri still has a fierce addiction to
many of the substances he sampled in his breathing days,
including an exotic brew he claims to be "soma." By
distilling the substance with a small portion of his own
blood, he has begun to develop a blood cult fascinated by
his false teachings in Indian mysticism. The most be-
nevolent contributors learn of reincarnation, shortly
followed by revelations of their mystical and supernatu-


}Loxvoy or Nici

ral past lives. They pay for it with their current lives, or
at least their blood. He freely dispenses falsehood, but he
reserves the truth for himself.

Image: Sri adopts the eccentric garb of a Victorian
spiritualist. Although his suit is asomber black, his white
turban often sports a colorful feather affixed by a silver
pin. Reputable sorts suspect he is a con artist, yet Sri can
blend enough truth with falsehood, or magic with trick-
ery, to prevent exposure. The costume jewelry he
occasionally sports holds no mystical power, but the
wards he wears against other supernatural creatures are
potent. In his attire, as with everything else, he considers
walking the fine line between fooling the gullible and
exposing the Masquerade a dangerous and delightful
game.

Roleplaying Hints: Always appear to know more
than you actually do. Within the realm of the occult,
that isn't difficult. Even among Tremere, you are a con
artist, yet the resources you bring to the clan prevent
them from actually calling your bluffs. Keep in mind,
however, that you must respect a few powerful individu-
als. It is imperative, for instance, that the Tremere
primogen allows you to continue drawing blood from
your cult. If he were to find out the illicit substances you
partake through it, he might withdraw his support. Do
not depend on Thaumaturgy when you can use the
Dominate Discipline, or preferably subterfuge, instead.
Clan: Tremere
Sire: Thomas Thorne
Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Director
Generation: 10th
Embrace: 1879
Apparent Age: mid-20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Expression 4,
Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 2, Performance 5
Knowledges: Academics 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Thaumaturgy 1
Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 1
Backgrounds: Herd 4, Resources 4
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 6
Willpower: 5

0) OWS
,
4

A a 7
em 7, 7 98 i oy wi

i: y y

hs nO i7
r 4

Mithras, Prince of London

Background: Born in the lands that are tonight
Persia, the man who became the Prince of London led an
army into the mountains to defeat a rebellion by local
lords. It was a long and bloody campaign — supernatural
powers aided the rebels — but eventually the army
defeated all but one of the insurgents, claiming their
severed heads as proof of their demise. The surviving
lord, their leader, used his powers to enter the general's
tent unmolested, and magical forces prevented the war
leader from crying out or resisting. The general steeled
himself for death, but rather than exacting his revenge,
the rebel leader acknowledged his opponent's strength
and tenacity and instead offered him a choice: eternal
unlife or instant death. The general chose the former,
faking his own demise to fool his followers and masters.
Eventually, he returned to civilization, his newfound
powers convincing those of his former homeland that he
was the god of war, whose name he adopted.

Mithras.

The cult of Mithras worked well with his vampiric
existence, explaining his nocturnal routine and the
importance of blood. By means of the cult, Mithras was
able to manipulate mortal societies and forge a vast
empire. Eventually, however, he tired of this shadow
governance, and when a new, more dynamic and milita-
ristic power began to nibble away at the lands under his
suzerainty, he chose to journey west to the lands of this

new power, studying their military and power structures. _

It wasn't long before Mithras's image appeared in armed
camps throughout the empire of these Romans, an ever-
growing network of military and ex-military adherents
expanding his influence across the land. Other Cainites
challenged Mithras's influence but none could dislodge
him, despite his constant wandering throughout the
lands of the empire.

To some extent, the staid core lands of the Roman
Empire bored Mithras and he came to favor the fringe
lands such as Hispania, Germania and Britannia — his
adopted homeland from 71 AD. The constant fighting
against barbarian incursions appealed to the Methuselah,
and his cult was well established at all levels of society.
Furthermore, the island-province was free of the politi-
cal backbiting that had infested Rome; most other
claimants for domain over the isles had fallen several
years earlier in revolts by the indigenous peoples. Mithras


yi
y

'
wd

-

,

—)

=
ZS

re - ¥ a 7

ep ML Ee

continued to journey in Britannia and the northern parts
of the empire, encountering other Methuselahs such as
Bodhmall of the Gangrel; but Londinium became his
home, and the Mithraeum by the stream that ran through
the city his principal haven. Once again, others chal-
lenged his power, subtly at first but with increasing vigor.
Many of the tenets of his cult (such as the celebration of
December 25th, tales of a virgin birth, twelve followers,
and the death and resurrection of its figurehead) were
adopted by an offshoot of the Jewish faith that spread
westward in the years he resided in Britannia. Efforts to
stem the growth of this despised faith by persecuting its
followers came to naught, and it eventually became the
state religion of the Roman Empire.

In the century that followed, the empire became
steadily weaker and unstable, drawing in resources and
prompting a collapse in government in the far provinces.
Many younger Cainites blamed Mithras for this state of
affairs, turning on him and the other elder Ventrue in
Britannia. He survived numerous attempts on his unlife,
defeating his challengers with ease, but the internecine
conflict sapped his resolve. Feeling the weight of years —
he had been active for over sixteen centuries — he
journeyed to the frontier fort of Vercovicium where he
entered torpor. He would wake several times over the
centuries, but as far as the other Cainites in Britain were
concerned, Mithras was no longer a factor in their affairs.

Mithras's waking shortly after the Norman Con-
quest was a turning point for the Kindred of Britain,
representing the return of unifying Cainite power to
Britain. A triumvirate of Kindred stood against him and
rebuffed his initial attempts to regain his position of
supremacy, but over the century that followed he under-
mined their power base. By 1154 he was acknowledged
prince, not only of London, but also of Britain. Revolts
against his authority in 1215 and again in 1254 heralded
the upheavals that were to follow in the Anarch Revolt
but still Mithras clung to power, his principal opponents
the Toreador of Edinburgh and the Tremere of Durham.
He tacitly accepted the outcome of the Convention of
Thorns, using the principles of the Masquerade to rein in
the excesses of his opponents while never fully accepting
the Camarilla's ideology. To the Prince of London, the
Camarilla was a young upstart that thought it knew
better than a Methuselah, but one that could be manipu-
lated toward his own ends.

The enthronement of James I marked the start of a
new phase in the War of Princes in Britain. The new
king's Scottish power base was solidly under the sway of
the Toreador, for the first time removing Mithras's
influence over the king. The Cainite conflict reached its
peak with the English Civil war of the mid-17th century,

my

i. @

which restored Mithras's authority but left him jaded. He
delegated much of his work to his seneschal, Valerius,
who would become prince pro tem in the late 18th
century, when Mithras disappeared for almost one hun-
dred years.

Where the prince went during the period is a mys-
tery — "the East" is as much as most know, though Persia
and India are suspected destinations — and he returned
toa London much changed by the Industrial Revolution
and Cainite politics. He found Valerius had squandered
the resources of his position, weakening both the office
of the prince and the position of London. He demoted
Valerius and installed Anne Bowesley as the new sen-
eschal, binding her to him. Mithras works diligently to
repair the damage left by Valerius, but he relies on Anne
for much of his insight — being over three thousand
years old, he is locked very much into an anachronistic
mindset and struggles to adapt. Anne has had little
success dissuading the prince from some of his more
direct actions against those who displease him.

Image: Dark-skinned and of compact build, with
handsome features, somber eyes and shoulder-length
dark hair, Mithras is extremely charismatic, even with-
out his vampiric abilities. He normally wears a soft cloth

y ¥ &

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

i me «IR

-"

tite a> a2 ca

eee "aie |
~ «

hat of the Phrygian style, as well as loose clothing that
does not impede movement.

Roleplaying Hints: You radiate energy and power,
your authority clear to even the most casual observer.
You are not given to rash speech, but when you do speak,
your words carry the weight of millennia. You are de-
tached, almost bored with mundane goings on, but this
conceals your shrewd political mind — and violent
temper. Given the years you have walked the earth, and
the power sustaining your deathless body, your mindset
is barely human — your intellect, motivation and moral-
ity are alien to all but the oldest Kindred. Indeed, less
insightful Kindred might use the word insane.

Clan: Ventrue

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Architect

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 1258 BC

Sire: Ventrue Antediluvian

Apparent Age: Mid 20s

Physical: Strength 9, Dexterity 7, Stamina 8

Social: Charisma 8, Manipulation 9, Appearance 7
Mental: Perception 9, Intelligence 9, Wits 8

Talents: Alertness 8, Athletics 7, Brawl 8, Dodge 7,
Intimidation 7, Intrigue 7, Intuition 7, Leadership 9,
Subterfuge 7

Skills: Archery 5, Drive 4, Etiquette 6, Firearms 4, Melee
9, Security 5, Stealth 6, Survival 5

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (London 6, British Isles
4), Bureaucracy 8, Camarilla Lore 4, City Secrets (Lon-
don) 5, Economics 4, Finance 1, Investigation 1, Law 3,
Linguistics 4, Occult 5, Politics 6, Sabbat Lore 2, Science 1
Disciplines: Dominate 9, Fortitude 6, Potence 5, Pres-

bm ence 8, Quietus 4

Background: Allies 7, Contacts 7, Herd 4, Influence 7,
Resources 5, Retainers 6, Status 8

Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Humanity: 2

Willpower: 8

Note: The blood of mortals cannot sustain the unlife of
vampires of Mithras's age — he can gain sustenance only
from other Cainites.

Lady Anne Bowesley, the Seneschal

Background: The civil war divided many families,
shattering the established order; but it also gave others
the opportunity to reclaim heritages lost in the rise of the
Tudors or, worse still, the Stewarts. The Bowesleys of
Warwickshire were one such family, siding with Cromwell
despite their noble family tree with ties to Richard, Earl

LONDON BY NIGHT

Bi SSN et in 0m va nw FSM

7 DN ih lS Linch fe

i OH ge ea a a

~
i

of Warwick, called "Kingmaker" by many. Together with
and handful of other pro-Parliament nobles they formed
the Optimates ("Best ones"), a secret society whose goal
was to reshape the government of England and place
themselves at its head.

Asawoman in the mid-17thcentury, Anne Bowesley
was denied a formal education but nonetheless learned
much of politics by listening to her father and brothers.
While her siblings were hotheaded and tempestuous,
Anne was a subtle diplomat and peacemaker, adept at
getting her own way by manipulating those around her.
The Restoration of the monarchy after the death of
Cromwell and his heir foiled the Optimates' scheme but
didn't end Anne's ambition to be part of the ruling elite.
Through her husband, she made contact with nobles in
England and the Netherlands and together they sought
to depose Charles II and later his brother, the Catholic
James II, with a more pliable — and Protestant —
sovereign. Their choice was William of Orange, who in
1688 was invited to England from Holland and who
would become William III.

Anne's role in this constitutional coup went unno-
ticed by many mortals, but not by all observers. One
London noble saw her potential and offered her power
and influence beyond her imaginings. He was Valerius,
scion of Clan Ventrue and seneschal to the Prince of
London. It did not take Anne long to accept the offer,
faking her death on an embassy to the Low Countries.
She kept a low profile for several decades, learning the
intricacies of Kindred society as she waited for those who
knew her in life to grow old and die, then reasserted
herself in the halls of power she knew so well. Before, she
had sought to advance her position and deny the Catho-
lic scourge. Now she fought against bitter foes called
Toreador and Tremere. Her worth to Clan Ventrue soon
became apparent, particularly as the patriarchal society
continually underestimated her abilities, rivals and en-
emies alike falling before her acumen and ambition. The
prince himself recognized Parliament as her domain,
fulfilling her father's dreams, and she courted mortal and
Cainite alike to advance the cause of Mithras and the fief
of London.

Yet, all was not well. Her sire, Valerius, saw in her a
threat to his own ambitions — she accomplished in a
century what had taken him halfa millennium to achieve
—and subtly sought to limit her progress. When Mithras
disappeared in the late 18th century and Valerius be-
came regent, he elevated Anne to the role of seneschal
pro tem. Although a notional promotion in the Kindred
hierarchy, the demands of the position prevented Anne
from advancing her own cause, hampering her efforts
and tying her fortunes to those of Valerius. A series of

ja

,


>
<3
"

ee |

disasters followed including a Sabbat insurrection, which

forced Anne to strive hard to maintain order. When

_ Mithras returned, Lady Anne had no compunctions

_ about "filling in the gaps" about events in his absence,

resulting in the demotion of Valerius and Anne's eleva-

tion into his post.

Anne finds the situation under the returned prince

§ both better and worse than before. She is still buried in

} the nightly work of managing the city's Kindred affairs

ye but has more freedom in her methods — Mithras is

® somewhat less hands-on than Valerius. However, though

decisive and undoubtedly potent, Mithras's outlook is

somewhat less refined and more feudal in its outlook.

Anne realizes that Mithras does not fully comprehend

the changes that have taken place during his absence and

sees both dangers and opportunities in this. She can steer

his thoughts to advance her own agenda, but knows that

asingle misstep would be fatal, and that while the prince

|) remains active — and she is blood bound to him — her
J power can never be absolute.

Lady Anne is a diablerist, and though not yet reliant

4} onKindred vitae to subsist, yearns for the taste. Many of

@ = those who fall afoul of her political machinations find

themselves under her fangs, but she constantly searches

for opportunity to diablerize elder vampires, improving

her abilities and taking her one step closer to mastery of

ae a ene — a Ie Se

a ‘" 17 3
a) ae
} nd SG BLUES

. wa _—

4X

S,

105

the city. Curiously, her blood bond to Mithras helps
mask the taint of diablerie in her aura.

Image: Anne is small and slightly built, with delicate
features and chestnut hair tied in a bun. Indeed, casual
observers mistake Anne for an elegant and well-heeled
matriarch. Those who survive their first encounter with
Lady Anne come to know a confident and powerful
woman who maintains her domain with an iron will and
whose eyes, bearing and dress betray her aristocratic
roots.

Roleplaying Hints: You are — quite literally — a
born aristocrat and natural leader and can be by turns
charming and domineering, knowing exactly how and
when to change attitudes to get what you want. You
tolerate no insolence; and accept few as equals, and only
one person, the prince, as your superior and him —
though you do not yet admit it to anyone — only
grudgingly.

Clan: Ventrue

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 6th. (Anne was 8th generation upon her
Embrace, but diablerie (with Valerius's complicity) low-
ered her generation to 7th. During the Victorian period,
certainly before World War II, further diablerie will
reduce her generation to 6th.)

Embrace: 1688

Sire: Valerius

Apparent Age: 50s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Diplomacy 5, Dodge 5,
Grace 3, Intimidation 4, Intrigue 6, Leadership 4, Mas-
querade 4, Style 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 4, Interrogation 4, Meditation 2, Melee
2, Performance 3, Ride 3, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Academics 3, Area Knowledge (London)
5, Bureaucracy 6, Camarilla Lore 4, City Secrets (Lon-
don) 5, Finance 6, Investigation 4, Law 6, Linguistics 4,
Occult 3, Politics 6, Psychology 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 4, Fortitude 3, Pres-
ence 4

Background: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Influence 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 8

Note: Anne is blood bound to Mithras, but the strength
of the ties have weakened to the level of the second

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

fos

+


4 QV

106

drink, allowing her to ignore Mithras's dictates by ciel
ing points of temporary Willpower.

Valerius, Deposed Would-Be Prince

Background: In life there was no Valerius, only
Walhhere, a minor Saxon noble, loyal to King Harold
and happily married with three strong sons. His people
prospered and he ruled his lands well. Then came King
Harold's call. The Normans had invaded the country and
each lord was expected to raise men in the country's
defense. Walhhere answered the call without question,
marching to battle with a cool, calm, confident frame of
mind.

Valerius entered unlife on the battlefield of Hastings,
shortly after being run through by a Norman blade. He
took his new name to reflect his new existence. After a
few decades spent with his sire Bindusara, a noted scholar,
he pledged his sword to Mithras. For several centuries he
served as sheriff, keeping London free of undesirables for
his Lord. When Mithras's chamberlain, Lord Camden,
was slain in mysterious circumstances, Valerius replaced
him. Respect for him grew to such a point that when
Mithras disappeared in 1798, no one questioned Valerius's
right to claim the domain in his stead.

oh

cf a > ee

7,

4
at ol

After the Sabbat attack in 1848, the would-be prince's
mood changed. First of all, he decided that the city
needed to be better defended, and that meant welcoming
Tremere into the city to help bolster its defenses. He
finally cast aside his mentor's prejudices against the
Witches and gave the clan full rights and positions in the
city. He granted Embracing rights generously and in-
vited vampires from other cities to help replace those
Kindred destroyed during the incursion. He also decided
that waiting for Mithras to return after half a century was
a waste of time, and that he should seize the position of
prince for himself.

Valerius's efforts to open up the city to other vam-
pires and win Camarilla approval for formally adopting
the title prince has been his undoing. The previously
unquestioned Ventrue grasp on power then looked less
assured, as the Gangrel took a greater interest in London,
often sending powerful childer to represent their inter-
ests in the growing city. The Tremere quickly leveraged
their open invitation into a substantial power base in the
city. Few of London's elder Kindred were prepared to
support Valerius's open revolt against Mithras's policies;
and certainly the princes of other cities showed no signs
of approving his adoption of the title, concerned as they
were by the likely repercussions should Mithras return.
When Mithras did return, Valerius immediately sum-
moned the primogen, to give himself enough time to
work out what to do next. The moment the Tremere
Primogen walked into Elysium, Mithras exploded in
rage, publicly stripped his former seneschal of all rank
and privilege and physically threw him out of the build-
ing.

Since then, Valerius broods and plans in a new
haven hidden in the East End. His former mentor has
taken no further action against him, but has set about

destroying the power structure Valerius so carefully built. %

Valerius's own childe, Anne, has turned against him,
throwing her lot in with Mithras rather than the Kindred
who Embraced and mentored her. Valerius is well aware
that he has been rejected by his mentor and betrayed by
his childe. He wants revenge, but he hasn't yet decided
if he has the courage to move against the ancient Prince
of London.

Image: Valerius is a wiry, athletic man, with red hair
that he's taken to wearing short and a trimmed, neat
beard. His clothing is erratic. On occasions he looks like
the perfect Victorian gent, but when a depression takes
him he may be found in 16th century or earlier garb. His
eyes have taken on a distinctly haunted look in the last
few years, and he rarely ever smiles. With each passing
year he grows more and more inactive. He spends a few
months in torpor each year. Even when he's active, he

SLED , >


BR ein — = =i f ¥ al -m hand ect ihe ic
BELAY OS TA aed BUM LELWs ;

~ a a me

"iat

moves only when necessary, and then with an absolute
economy of action. Anyone watching him for a more
than a few minutes could spot that he was something
other than mortal, for he looks like a pale, perfect statue
until a small, considered movement betrays that he is
animate.

Roleplaying Hints: You suffer marked mood swings.
At times you seem to relish unlife without the burden of
power; more often you sink into a dark depression and
wonder aloud about the spiritual fates of creatures such
as you when they are destroyed. You vaguely remember
that you were once known for your level head, but that
time has long passed. You are quick to anger at the best
of times and recent events give you much to be angry
about. Youalso remember a time when you loved Mithras
like a father, but that too has passed. Now, you have
decided that the prince is a danger to the city, too
unpredictable and unreliable to function as a prince any
longer. It is your duty to find a way to bring him down.
Clan: Ventrue
Sire: Bindusara
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Traditionalist
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1066
Apparent Age: mid-20s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Leadership 5, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 5, Firearms 4, Melee
(Rapier) 5, Ride 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Academics 1, Bureaucracy 5, Finance 5,
Investigation 4, Law 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 3, Politics 6
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Dominate 4, Fortitude
5, Obfuscate 2, Potence 3, Presence 5, Thaumaturgy 1
Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 1
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Herd 2, Influence 1,
Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4
Willpower: 7

Rory McAndrew, the Eye of the Camarilla

Background: The early 17th century was a time of
profound change for the British Isles. After centuries of
warfare between England and Scotland, the two became
one as King James V1 of Scotland also became King James

107
I of England after the death without heir of Queen
Elizabeth. Rory McAndrew, a Presbyterian preacher in
the Church of Scotland, gave little thought to the
implications of the change. Like most Scots, he was
amused and pleased to see a Scottish king on the English
throne, but he had more important business to attend to:
saving the souls of the people of Glasgow.

McAndrew, like most of his fellow clergy, was a
fearsome hellfire and damnation preacher, teaching the
strictest of moral codes and the dourest of lifestyles. He
was a well-respected and competent speaker, and thus
climbed rapidly through the ranks of the Church. When
James the First and Sixth returned to Scotland on one of
his infrequent visits singing the praises of "superior
English culture," McAndrew reacted with disgust. He
saw the English as an effete, ineffectual race, much given
to vice and with no willpower to withstand temptation.

Then, in 1618, King James imposed English Bishops
on the Church of Scotland in a blatant attempt to
integrate it with the Church of England. McAndrew was
unwilling to tolerate it. He, along with several other
senior figures in the Church of Scotland traveled to
London to petition the king against this measure.
McAndrew spoke eloquently on the difference between
the Scottish and English Churches and inherent superi-

Dorr McAndrew

a

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

ora

oi


§ LONDON BY NGHT

ority of the Presbyterian faith. The king listened atten-
tively and then simply dismissed the petition.

That same evening, McAndrew suffered a serious
crisis of faith. He knelt by his bed in the lodging provided
for the delegation and prayed for a sign that God had not
abandoned the Church. Instead of a sign from God, he
felt the fangs of Albert Wainwright, a Ventrue of respect
and standing in London, at his neck. Mithras had granted
Wainwright leave to Embrace some years before, and
McAndrew's nationality and oratorical skills were just
what Wainwright sought.

Any last vestiges of faith in McAndrew died as he
sucked down the blood of a vicar Wainwright had sub-
dued and brought for his new childe to feed on. As the
Scot adapted to unlife, he reasoned that God would not
let creatures such as him exist, therefore there was no
God. He abandoned his previous commitment to a
frugal, parsimonious lifestyle, using his new supernatural
abilities to build for his sire a thriving trading business
importing Scots goods. McAndrew spent his profits on
luxurious mansions and the finest clothes. Under the
guidance of his sire, he then entered the cut and thrust of
London's Kindred politics and proved an able student
and a talented politician. When Wainwright decided to
leave for the Americas, McAndrew neatly stepped into
the power void left by his departure.

In the early 18th century, the charming and ruthless
Scots Kindred was noticed by Violetta, the Toreador
justicar, on one of her many visits to London. She
watched McAndrew over the course of her next few
visits and eventually asked him to serve as an archon in
her retinue. McAndrew leapt at the chance, and traveled
all over Europe with the justicar. His political skills and
judgment, well-honed in London, served him well, and
by the mid-19th century, he was working separately from
Violetta, yet still under her direction.

Image: McAndrew is a tall and lean man with
intense eyes. Even before his Embrace, his face was
unusually thin, the result of a simple and frugal diet. As
a Kindred, he looks on the brink of starvation. Since his
return to London, he has returned to a family firm of
Saville Row tailors, whose founding member he knew
back in the 18th century. Their suits are absolutely
exquisite, and make even his thin frame look imposing.
He commissions two or three new suits each year and is
thus always clad in the latest styles. Usually the suits will
have a discreet Scottish touch: a tartan lining, or a
waistcoat with an embroidered thistle, for example.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a cynical analyst of
human and Kindred nature. The talent served you well
as a preacher, allowing you to judge the weakness of your
flock. It now aids you in judging the characters and

Piastesemtorigesoanarng bomaisetgean ota gga Goatees

& a) oe a H i7
Et ad 73 93) oy

Fs om
Ax

Io
aspirations of the Kindred around you. Conversations
are a game for you, a means of learning more about the
person you are talking to without revealing anything
significant about yourself. Your ability to unsettle people
by picking up on hidden conflicts and suppressed hostili-
ties is what has made you so valuable to the Camarilla as
a whole and Violetta in particular. You have mixed
feelings about your return to London. You are dealing
directly with Mithras for the first time in your unlife, and
he's even more intimidating than you imagined. His
dislike of Scots does not make your job easier. However,
you are determined to make the most of this opportunity.
You sense that Violetta is considering stepping down as
justicar, and you enjoy your role as an archon too much
to let your career end when hers does. This is your chance
to make a real name for yourself in the sect, and you're
not going to let it pass you by.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Alfred Wainwright

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1618

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 5, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 2, Performance 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics (theology) 4, Finance 3, Inves-
tigation 4, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Politics 5

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 4, Fortitude 2, Obfus- 4

cate 2, Potence 2, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 1, Influence 3, Re-
sources 4, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

Janet Latimer, Ambassador to London

Background: Janet Latimer is not a child of the
cities, and its shows. Born to a well-to-do family in rural
Cheshire, she spent her childhood and teenage years
enjoying the country pursuits of the landed upper class.
The local people deferred to her and her family without
question, not least because her father owned most of the
farmland in the surrounding area and thus controlled all
the jobs.


a

a el

4 ¥y . i '
. } .
J : € & f
Hie, 9 9 Se kD

ve ~ 7
., ey —_/ Wd ae { :
: oe eee ot ee
AY , —_
Mi A few trips into Manchester with her mother were

the sole extent of Janet's experience of the city, until
Shawlands chose to Embrace her. The Baron of Manches-
ter had some business dealings with George Latimer, and
would occasionally drive out to the estate for a late
supper with him. Naturally, Latimer expected his wife
and daughter to entertain his business associate.
Shawlands became quite fascinated with the young
woman. He spotted a keen intelligence in her that went
to waste on a life of rural pursuits. Her upbringing and
status could make her a useful asset in Britain's surpris-
ingly class-conscious Kindred society.

Shawlands invited the whole family to join him for
anight at the theatre in Manchester, then had his ghouls
set upon the coach carrying Mrs. Latimer and her daugh-
ter into the city. They beat the coachman into
unconsciousness, at which point Mrs Latimer fainted
dead away and they kidnapped Janet.

Evenas Shawlands comforted the distraught Latimer
over the loss of his child, he was training her in her
responsibilities as his first childe. While it took a decade
for her to grow used to the idea of drinking blood, life in
Manchester's Kindred community suited Janet just fine.
Shawlands had been right: Her fierce intelligence came
into its own in the new setting. With the blessings of the
city's primogen, Janet eventually became Shawlands'
seneschal, a duty she enjoyed thoroughly. With the
prince's attention split between Manchester itself and
the rapidly growing port of Liverpool, he needed a
second pair of eyes. Janet was able to act in his stead in
Manchester when he passed several nights in Liverpool.

The rapid influx of country people into the city
through the 19th century has made existence much
easier for Janet. She is able to feed only on farm workers,
and the number of them now working in the docks and
factories of the area makes hunting much less onerous for
her.

Janet's sire's decision to send her to London came as
a shock to Janet. He explained that the similarity be-
tween Lady Anne's new position and her own experiences
in Manchester would hopefully allow the two to build up
a rapport that could be usefully exploited in the long
term. Again, his assessment proved remarkably accu-
rate. Anne has more than once sought out Janet's advice
in the year or so she had been in London. Indeed, Janet
has grown to enjoy Lady Anne's company and becomes
increasingly uncomfortable with the knowledge that her
sire has other agents in the city, whose actions cause
Anne some degree of consternation. Furthermore, hav-
ing met Mithras in person several times now, she wonders
what Shawlands really hopes to accomplish against such

%Y

a Kindred. The delights of London and the easy feeding
all add to London's attractiveness. Should the time come
when her sire summons her back to Manchester, she will
be reluctant to leave. Perhaps if she reveals her sire's
plans, she might be given permission to stay...

Image: Janet is a fairly comely woman of above
average height. Her eyes are dark blue and her expression
tends to flit between friendly condescension and out-
right haughtiness. Her long, chestnut hair is always worn
up and pinned into place under the most ornate hats she
can manage. She walks in short, measured steps and does
not hurry for anyone. Rushing is unladylike and betrays
a lack of confidence in one's position, after all.

Roleplaying Hints: You were born to rule, and even
here, out of your territory, you demand respect. So far you
have always received it. You don't win many allies
among your peers — London's senior Kindred, as you see
it — because you see every discussion as a chance to
prove your worth and status. Your relationships with
those who are clearly your inferiors are much more
straightforward. You still do your best to dominate any
conversation you are involved with, unless it is with
someone blatantly more powerful than you: Mithras, the
justicar Violetta or her archon, and Lady Anne, for
example.

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

ne

asl '


110
Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Shawlands

Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Traditionalist

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1694

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

| Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Empathy 4, Expression
2, Intimidation 2, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 3, Ride 2, Etiquette 4,
Performance 1, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Finance 2, Law 2, Linguistics
3, Politics 4, Science 1

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 2, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 1, Influence 2, Mentor
3, Resources 3, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 5

Cyril Masters, Legal Mastermind

Background: Masters had served with distinction in
several of Britain's colonial wars. Upon his return to his
homeland in 1829, he was horrified by what he saw. For
all of the empire's idealism, the government could not
keep crime, poverty and squalor from thoroughly infest-
ing London, a locale that was supposedly the grandest
city in the world. England allegedly brought civility to
colonies around the world, but a few blocks away from

fie the homes of wealthy gentlemen and stylish aristocrats,
@@ the abject poor victimized each other like animals.

The year that Cyril returned, a man named Robert
Peel presented a plan to save the city from degeneracy
and decay. The largest force of police constabulary in the
world would patrol the streets, becoming a visible pres-
ence to deter the schemes of criminal miscreants. Masters
pledged to help wage another war, this one against crime
} inthe very heart of the empire. His military experience
earned him acommission in Robert Peel's new constabu-
lary. The citizens of London called him a "Peeler;" years
later, he would be known as a "Bobbie."

At first, the enterprise was overwhelming. Many
police constables (or "PCs") could only back up the
threat of the law with force. The sight of a Peeler walking
his patrol, truncheon in hand, spread fear into the
populace, but with fear came hatred. Justice became

LONDON BY NIGHT

ep

personal and arbitrary, especially once stories spread of
how easily some of the defenders of justice could be
corrupted. Empowered without restraint, some zealots
became little more than thugs for the Empire, skipping
the formality of a trial to bludgeon a would-be criminal
into submission.

Masters was disgusted by these stories, but responded
with increased vigilance. His efforts paid off. Festering in
London's East End, a cult of criminals had been abduct-
ing London's citizens and butchering them ina sacrificial
fashion. The victims had been carefully selected from the
lower strata of society. Masters personally led a campaign
against this secret society, coordinating the efforts of
several officers to expose and destroy this menace. His
crusade culminated in a raid on a warehouse, where he
discovered that the madmen had been systematically
draining their victims of blood to appease a heathen god.

Shortly thereafter, Masters's superiors insisted that
the general public could not handle the alarm of such a
scandal. His men were dispersed to different parts of the
city, the building was burned to the ground, the criminals
were never seen again, and Masters was stripped of his
command. At the same time, he received a most unusual
promotion. From that point on, he would report to a
member of the British aristocracy with certain connec-
tions to other powerful men within the government.

Cyril Masters patrolled the streets of the East End by
day, but by night, he took his supper at an exclusive
gentleman's club in central London. Once each week, he
reverently consumed the vitae of the Ventrue Valerius,
sustaining his flesh, spirit, and career in each singular act of
submission. Within the Camarilla, Valerius personally
claimed London's police force as part of his domain. By this
edict, any Kindred attacking a London police officer would

be assaulting Clan Ventrue. Twenty years later, Masters
conveniently assumed a position of authority on the police ¥

force. The seneschal of London delegated authority to his
faithful servant immediately after draining him of blood and
cursing him with vampirism.

By 1880, Masters's network of minions within law
enforcement was formidable. A small cabal of high-
ranking officers within the British police force reported
to him regularly. A select few demonstrated their loyalty
by drinking his blood. His spies sported the affectations
of obscure gentleman's clubs, complete with secret hand-
shakes and jeweled rings. The few insightful fellows who
suspected subterfuge typically dismissed these strange
habits as the incunabula of a Victorian fraternity. The
men did not frequent the same clubs, however, for the
only link that united them was their association with
Masters, who visited each of them in turn. When Masters
retired, it was a subterfuge allowing him to use the

a Oa

:


constables of London as his eyes and ears. In the Victo-
rian age, the police of London still carry truncheons, but
for ghouls with Potence, the efficacy of their weapons has
improved considerably.

Masters keeps up appearances. Just as he is an expert
in the social scene of London's clubs, he lives in a modest
but tasteful home within London. It is within walking
distance of the theater district, where he often takes his
entertainment. Because of his cultured attitudes, he
finds it relaxing to converse with visiting Toreador about
London's social and artistic events, even when he fails to
understand them. Several restaurants and pubs are in the
neighborhood surrounding Masters's haven, making it
the "Rack" for those he allows to feed there.

Image: Masters poses as an elderly man of wealth and
influence, a benefactor to the mortal world. His unkempt
beard, wispy hair, and wrinkled visage all speak to his
years of wisdom. Should he be capable of perambulation
for only a few hours each night, no respectful man will
question his activities. On these brisk walks, he wears
heavy woolen garments, sports a silver-tipped cane, and
watches shadows carefully. When nervous, he holds the
knuckle of his index finger to his lips, where one may
notice a silver ring witha strangely shaped sigil. Few have
the occult knowledge to recognize the Thaumaturgical

Ee ae ene eee ee ee

7 4 al ig ry ne a\ — — —* nsw)
ae ANCL P

MELB ALY Wht?

= Hl
wards carved into the ring, his lapel pin, and his cane.
Potent strength and wards against supernatural creatures
make him a veritable demon in a brawl, should his other
supernatural Disciplines fail him.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a proper English gentle-
man with a strong sense of justice. You speak very plainly,
for few can challenge your authority. Even if your sphere of
influence is limited, your authority is unquestioned within
your domain. Some of your attitudes are anachronistic, yet
you firmly support the empire's colonial efforts. Victorian
Kindred dare not speak of your brutality, zealous obedience
or quiet vengeance. When your officers fail, elders may
reproach you, but you are stoic enough to endure it. If
necessary, you will spend years hunting down an enemy of
the empire. As your power has grown, you have contem-
plated hunting down and driving unwanted supernatural
creatures from the city. If you find an excuse to do so, you
will probably take it.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Valerius

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Architect

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1849

Apparent Age: early 50s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina (indefati-
gable) 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 3, Security 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 5, Law 5, Oc-
cult 2, Politics 1

Disciplines: Dominate 5, Fortitude 2, Potence 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence (police) 5,
Resources 3, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 6

Note: Masters's actions against the cult he found in the
East End decades ago attracted the attentions of the
supernatural world. Valerius spent decades carefully or-
chestrating events to advance Master's career. The
seneschal kept his eye on the vigilant officer, but so did
the survivors of the cult, who continued their worship of
a vile god named Set. The raid delayed the Setites' efforts
in London for decades, but they never lost track of the
man who discovered their schemes.

—_— a ie CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST

re ey Ne i oe rll TN LT a alr

| a en eh A A AA Se in

~__ we


cae lige scl Nextel ack

Three of the clubs Masters frequents provide him with
pleasures he cannot attain anywhere else. Although he
cannot eat or drink, he may still feel the affects of
hashish, laudanum and opium by drinking from a vessel
who imbibes them. His intake is prodigious, enough to
offset the expenditure of blood sufficient to sustain his
ghouls. For now, he has enough Fortitude and self-
control to keep his vices well-hidden. Of course, all of
these substances are legal, and Masters secretly uses his
influence to help make sure they stay that way. In the
meantime, Masters is careful in what he relays to Valerius,
balancing it against the secrets he grants to Halim Bey.
His hidden ally is the architect of a recent Setite infesta-
tion, one who needs to maintain his own appearances. In
return, Masters's more exotic appetites are sated.

Hunters

Father Jeremiah Marshal, an Inquisitor

Background: Jeremiah Marshal's father ran a small
Hansom cab business, and his elder brothers were already
involved in the trade. That left no room for the youngest
member of the Marshal family. He didn't care, though,
for he had known since he was a little boy what he
wanted to do with his life. One of his earliest memories
was of a preacher belting out the word of the Lord with
utter conviction and passion to spare on Clapham Com-
mon one Sunday afternoon. The whole town had been
alive with faith through his childhood, and he couldn't
wait until he was old enough to train for the ministry.

Once the necessity of formal training was out of the
way, Marshal was able to do what he longed to do: preach
God's word to the people. He was assigned a small parish
in Southwark, preaching to an even smaller congrega-
tion. His family was distraught. What was their youngest
son doing living and working in such a rotten area?
Jeremiah didn't mind, though. This was his chance to
bring faith to these poor people and the glory of God into
their lives.

Marshal's life changed the night one of his parishio-
ners fled toward the church as he was locking up for the
evening, calling desperately for sanctuary. At first, Mar-
shal assumed that he was drunk, and tried to calm him
down, but was interrupted by the sight of something
crawling warily toward the pair of them. It was not
human; nothing human could move like that. Marshal
didn't hesitate. He called out to God, and bid the
creature be gone in Jesus' name. He felt a movement of
the Spirit within him like never before, and the light of
God burned in his soul. The creature cried out in sur-
prise, and fled into the night.

LONDON BY NGtiT

Not surprisingly, Marshal's preaching changed from
that night on. He ceased the very academic teaching that
most priests pursued and instead talked repeatedly of the
Enemy, of damnation, of lost souls and creatures of Hell
abroad in the streets of the city.

Marshal was quickly noted by senior figures in the
Church for his fire when preaching that Satan was real
and worked among God's people even today. However,
his preaching against rationalism and the work of Dar-
win as tools of the Adversary did the Church more harm
than good. When the previous London head of the Order
of St. George — the Anglican Inquisition — passed
away, Jeremiah was offered the job. At first he was
honored and excited. His life's beliefs were confirmed.
Satan's spawn prowled out there, and he was being given
access to the Church's records on them.

What Marshal found disappointed him. The ar-
chives were full of reports of creatures of all kinds preying
on humanity, and the work of the Inquisition against
them. They told of the links between the Order of St.
George and the Catholic Inquisition, and of nearly six
centuries of struggle. However, the members of the order,
numbering barely a dozen, were dispirited. They had
spent too long dealing with the disbelief of their superiors
and a lack of modern evidence of the supernatural at
work.


2 ——————

Marshal realized that God had finally given him his
calling. It was his place to revitalize the order and he
intends to do so, in His name. Now, all he needs is some
evidence of the work of Satan, and he can go to work.

Image: Marshal is of average height and stocky
build. He is almost without exception to be found in his
cassock and priest's collar, known colloquially as a dog
collar. His black hair is graying noticeably at the temples,
and his mouth has a tendency to look slightly downcast.
However, it is his eyes that catch most peoples' atten-
tion. They burn with the fire of righteousness even as he
goes about his day-to-day business, but positively blaze
when he preaches.

Roleplaying Hints: You miss the preaching that
came with being a parish priest, but you know that this
job is your true calling. You are chronically incapable of
separating your job and your life, and few purely social
conversations go by without you attempting to gauge
how much faith the person you're talking to has and
gently moving the topic to God. However, when you're
working, seize upon anything that is unusual or uncon-
ventional in any tale you are told and either note it for
further investigation, or try to get further details about it
as subtly as you can. While you appear pleasant enough
on the surface, underneath you are a fanatic, but one
with a very real and Christian faith in God.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Architect

Age: 35

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Leader-
ship 4, Streetwise 2

y Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 1, Performance 2,

Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 3, Law 2, Lin-
guistics 2, Occult 3, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Influence 1, Re-
sources 2, Retainers 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 8

Willpower: 5

True Faith: 3

Deter Harker, Co-Founder of the Arcanum
Background: Peter Harker is the only son of a
respectable middle class couple who owned a business
that initially shipped slaves from Africa to the Americas,
but which has since diversified into general trading.

4

fa TAZ { ~ . ~) Ae so. ir Vu "y ieee"
FINTORIAN Aa Vim ne
Bg Ss ID i nF VO 4 OL a yy | .

— ————————— pean o |
oe 1 ¥ a e j £ '

y a 4 7
1

113
Harker's father had an astute eye for saleable goods and
made a small fortune as a result.

A

However, the young Harker's inclinations lay in the
academic realm. After a spell ata private boarding school
in Bournemouth, he won a place for himself at Univer-
sity College in London. He took lodgings in Gower
Street and worked hard and diligently, securing a first-
class honors degree in ancient history. He followed this
up with postgraduate work on tracing the links between
ancient mythologies and modern societies, and applied
to join the Foreign Office in the hope of being able to
pursue his interests in the field.

Harker's relationship with his parents grew distant
as his studies progressed. They were in Southampton, he
was in London, and their lives rarely coincided. He
wasn't lonely, though. Although he had few friends, they
were all interested in the same fields as Harker, and their
social lives were effectively an extension of their working
lives.

A period studying the cultures of the people of India
impressed on Harker the importance of what he deemed
"the supernatural" to their lives. He had never found
Christianity particularly interesting or relevant to him-
self, and believed firmly that it collapsed under the
onslaught of the rational mind. Instead he probed into


"tid

the pre-Christian beliefs of the British with varying
degrees of success.

Then his life suffered two tragedies. First, the For-
eign Office rejected him after an interview, deeming him
to be of "unsuitable character." Afterward, during an
extended sojourn in South Africa, his parents took very
seriously ill within weeks of each other. The doctors
diagnosed a rare tropical fever, and said there was noth-
ing they could do. Harker found himself strangely
unmoved by this, but returned to Southampton for some
months to help care for them.

After his parents passed on, he knew that he had no
interest at all in running the business. It was still a
growing concern, and was worth a considerable amount
of money. He sold the business for an excellent price with
the aid of his cousin, bought a house in London and lived
off the rest of the profits. His studies progressed quickly,
and he soon became known to other enthusiasts in the
field. One of them invited him to join the Hermetic
Order of the Rising Day, which he found a fascinating
synthesis of Greek spirituality and modern occult think-
ing. His membership in the order and remarkable success
in unearthing rituals and ancient documents around the
worship of Hermes led to his invitation to join the
Arcanum.

At the beginning of the London by Night period,
Harker is just another scholar with an interest in the

§ occult. His membership in the Arcanum changes all

that, as he converts his house into its London meeting-
house. His fine intellect serves remarkably well at
assembling a clear picture of the possible links between
apparently unrelated events, and he will quickly start to
develop a picture of Kindred unlife once the Arcanum
reports arrive at his home, becoming a major threat to
the Masquerade.

Image: Harker is heading toward an early middle
age. He is running toward fat, with the distinct signs of
adouble chin forming. His suits were clearly expensive at
some point in the distant past, but are now shabby, ill

LONDON BY NIGHT

spygeeereeames ee ea

7

ry

haan donk Bi it tee 5
kempt and poorly fitting. He gives over minimal time to
his appearance, and his puffy brown eyes show that he
spends far too much time reading by gaslight and not
enough out in the daylight.

Roleplaying Hints: You know people underestimate
you because of your shabby appearance, but you really
don't care. The intellect is all that matters to you, and
you have enough friends that appreciate you for whoand 9}
what you really are. Your students and inferiors in the : 1
Arcanum are there to learn from you, not be molly-
coddled by you. Small talk and polite banter bore you;
you have no desire to participate in them if you can
possibly avoid it, unless you can see major benefit to
yourself in doing so, in which case you can be quite
charming. Otherwise, why waste your life that way, when
there are serious debates to be had? Anythingatalltodo
with the supernatural fascinates you. It never occurs to
you fora moment that it may, in fact, be dangerous. After
all, it's just the remnant of the superstition of primitive
peoples. Once your interest is aroused, your curiosity is
boundless and your intellect dangerously sharp. Nothing 4}
will stop you from getting to the bottom of the matter. ff

Nature: Competitor

Demeanor: Pedagogue
Age: 41 |
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2 j
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Expression 3, Intimidation 1, Lead-
ership 2, Subterfuge 1 1
Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Stealth 1 ‘ 1
Knowledges: Academics 4, Finance 1, Investigation 3, A
Linguistics 3, Medicine 1, Occult 2, Science 2 |
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Mentor 1, Retainers
1, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 6 i
Willpower: 7


ep snails ial omeneieii em

LLU ue ne ry atte Lo

CHAPTER THREE: LONDON'S HOST



Chapter Four:
Conspiracies

Youn Men préén, 0 Ve én scheme,
J "He Cooly


OYE
t
<
.
F
be

ais A aly,
a | : 2 a

eye? | & i |

ee 2S} 9) ey 2

Cn Landon Harare and the
Returned Prince

In which the nature of the Kindred's society is subject to considerable change

However much vampires like to tell themselves that they can plan
centuries ahead, things have a habit of changing quickly for them. Take J
Valerius, for example. Merely thirty years ago, he went unchallenged as
Prince of London. Mithras may still have held the title theoretically, buthe |
had been missing for sixty years. The Sabbat made aconcertedincursioninto
the city and destroyed many of its inhabitants, including some of the elders.
Valerius saw this as an opportunity to remold the city in his image and curry |
favor with the Camarilla. ‘

London needed defending. It was one of the most important Camarilla- ff
held cities, it was growing rapidly, and its depleted number of Kindred left
it vulnerable. Valerius granted his more loyal associates leave to Embrace,
and invited other vampires into the city. He also did the one thing he would
never have had the courage to do if Mithras were active: He allowed the
Tremere to establish a significant presence in the city. Valerius had been in
discussions with the chantry in Durham even before the Sabbat incursion,
and he took advantage of the city's weakened position to invite the clan into
London formally, as part of a move to shore up its defenses once more. The
Witches' Thaumaturgical prowess would be invaluable in the event of
another attack, he argued.

When Mithras returned, he did not like what he saw. Valerius might
have retained his position had he not allowed the Tremere into the city, but
once the supposedly loyal primogen saw the Methuselah's anger, support for
Valerius melted away. Mithras stripped him of rank and promoted hischilde 4
Anne Bowesley to the position of seneschal in his place. Her orders were J
explicit: Create a new order in the city, one that was loyal to Mithras, not ff
to Valerius. Anne, who was never treated well by her sire and who saw her J
future opening up by allying herself with Mithras, went to work witha
ruthlessness few had suspected her capable of before. i

Those fiefs that had been granted by Valerius became open for renego- Jf
tiation. Prime hunting grounds, especially those in the expanding suburbs
and the inner-city slums, were reassigned to those Anne deemed loyal, or
those she wished to owe her a favor or two. The face of vampiric powerinthe
city changed rapidly. I |

Unfortunately, Anne's confidence at this point is a bluff. She is aware
that Mithras's attention seems to be elsewhere much of the time, and that
she has only his stated authorization to work from. She realizes that she may
have only a limited time to establish herself as his right-hand woman, before
he loses interest in the nightly affairs of the city completely.

Dramatis Dersonae

Virtually every vampire in London isa player in this drama to one extent
or another. Lady Anne and General Sir Arthur Halesworth are probably the
most influential figures in determining the prince's favor. Valerius remains
a significant player, hoping still to replace Anne in Mithras's favor, and he

drain sca

LONDON BY NIGHT \ il

fe, i di, ~~ . 4
wt &


|

Vay a

2%

has enough of the major players in the city in his debt
that he will certainly make an impact on the political
future of the city.

The other main players are, of course, the troupe.
This plot is here purely and simply to give the characters
a chance at becoming significant players in the most
important city in the world during this time period.
London changes rapidly, and the characters stand some
chance of winning influence over the new rail compa-
nies, building contractors, shipping operators or any of
the other industries that have sprung up to support this
heart of the empire.

The Resolution

Kindred love politics, and this is an opportunity for
the characters to indulge themselves in it at a high level.
However, unlike many cities, one post is not really open
to any of the characters — that of prince. Part of the
distinctive nature of the London setting is that Mithras
is the unquestioned authority, an ancient and increas-
ingly alien force that maintains the Kindred order with
devastating force on occasions, and then spends long
periods completely ignoring nightly politics.

In essence, this thread should have no final resolu-
tion. While London will settle into a new status quo over
the course of the next few years, new events and Mithras's
continued but occasional interference will shake up the
power structure of the city's Kindred repeatedly.

In the longer term, according to published World of
Darkness material at least, Mithras goes into torpor in
the 1940s. He re-emerges briefly in the 1990s, but is
diablerized by a young Assamite antitribu. Anne, once
she becomes aware of what has probably happened,
realizes that if she is to survive the fall of her mentor she
must move fast. She swiftly rallies her supporters in
London to have herself declared prince, or queen as she
chooses to call herself. If you wish your game to cleave to
World of Darkness canon, then the characters will either
have a powerful ally or an implacable and well-placed
foe. Youcan, of course, discard all of this and go your own
way. It's your story. Tell it your way.

The Case of the
Unwelcome Guests

In which visitors from the Camarilla make their entrance
Mithras is a walking, unliving problem for the
Camarilla. He may be the prince of the most significant
city on the planet, but he also claims to be the childe of
a being that the sect denies exists: an Antediluvian. Of

Pa: Papen ne

~__ we

y
IV] + yl Na
OVAL -)¥

rteytlae

f . WW 2 ,
me 1 YD oly

19

course, this is not something that he talks about very
often, but he is of an age and generation that makes it
plain that he is far above most vampires in raw super-
natural power. When he disappeared, the Founders
metaphorically breathed a sigh of relief and hoped that
he had finally entered torpor permanently. His return
has stirred up enough consternation that a justicar is sent
to "welcome him back."

Of course, both Mithras and the Toreador justicar
Violetta know perfectly well that her visit is a warning to
him. He does not care. The Camarilla has been in
existence for such a tiny part of his unlife that he really
does not consider it to be of note, as a whole. Individual
members are a problem for him, though, and the choice
of a member of Clan Toreador as the official ambassador
to the returned prince is either an inspired political
decision or a terrible misstep.

Mithras has long vied with the Toreador of Edinburgh
for preeminence over the Kindred of the British Isles.
Their various confrontations led to the Treaty of Durham
in 1692, at which both sides agreed to leave each other's
territories alone. One of the many orders that the prince
has given since his return was that the provision of the
treaty for an exchange of hostages should be honored
once more. Valerius's other childe is now resident in
Edinburgh, and a Toreador called Lorna Dingwall has
arrived in London. In this climate, the visit of the
Toreador Justicar in London can be seen as a careful
reminder that the clans are formally allies now, united in
the sect. It could also be seen as a direct provocation of
the prince.

Toadd to the Camarilla's concerns about the prince,
his hatred of the Tremere has not eased in the century
since his last appearance. One of his first moves after his
return was to strip them of all rank and privilege in the
city, and to punish Valerius for allowing them to gain so
much power. The fact that one of the most prominent
Tremere in the city, one Anthony Bellamy, disappeared
at around the same time has not helped matters. This is
the driving motivation behind Violetta instructing her
archon Rory McAndrew to stay in the city.

For the archon, this is a dangerous game. While he
has a history in the city, the stakes are much higher than
during his last period of residence. The Camarilla has to
be seen to be in control of the situation, yet they cannot
tisk a direct confrontation with the ancient. That would
run too much of a risk of a very public defeat and
humiliation, with the subsequent risk of losing London
as a recognized Camarilla city, notwithstanding any
breaches of the Masquerade that might occur during the
conflict. Thus, McAndrew has to walk a very careful line
between reminding the prince of his allegiances and

CHAPTER FOUR: CONSPIRACIES


120

Bg in i i cin eS

ae

1 <4 BD 4 Mens
responsibilities and actually provoking him, which would
be an error of possibly terminal proportions.

Luckily, McAndrew is an accomplished politician.
Few of his clan rise to the position of archon without
those skills being exceptionally well-honed. An equal
part of his job is to establish which Kindred are likely to
hold the real power in the new structure that is forming
in the city, and make sure they are aware of the true
source of their authority: the sect. After all, Mithras is old
and spends much of his time away from the city. Without
the protection of the prince or the sect, where would
their fiefs be then?

In essence, the Camarilla presence in the city serves
to reinforce the tenuous nature of any power that the
characters might obtain through the course of the
chronicle. Indeed, a story that focuses on these elements
should raise the question of whether the pursuit of power
within such an environment is actually a worthwhile
enterprise. Valerius serves as the perfect example of the
possible costs of such a mission. Marginalized by Mithras
and largely ignored by the Camarilla, the erstwhile
would-be prince is an almost pathetic figure.

Dramatis Dersonae

Archon McAndrew is obviously the most promi-
nent figure in this plot. He seeks reliable allies in the city
to keep him informed of the events that tend to go
hidden from someone of his prominence. After all, a
small band of neonates can often be privy to secrets
simply because they lack any great significance in the
order of things. Many elders see the young Kindred as
essentially a disposable resource at their beck and call.
Few credit them with the perspective needed to see how
a particular request or assignment might fit into a grander
scheme. There's an element of truth in that. A Kindred
with only decades in the Blood under their belts is ill
equipped to understand the thought processes of a cen-
turies-old vampire. However, McAndrew has the
experience necessary to pull together disparate informa-
tion and make some educated deductions as the
motivations and conflicts underlying those actions.

Don Cerro and his young protégé Theo Bell are here
for more than just a grand tour, as well. The Inner
Council has courted Cerro as a potential justicar for Clan
Brujah, and has assigned him to London as a test of his
abilities. While he and his protégé busy themselves
enjoying the whirl of the most glamorous city in the

LONDON BY NIGHT

i

rained i %
TN

4
"> *

te MM 2)
world and the intense political debates that spring up in
the capital, they covertly work for McAndrew by making
contacts with local Kindred for him.

Stephen Lenoir remains uncomfortable with the
presence of McAndrew and Don Cerro. As a member of
Clan Lasombra, even as an antitribu, he is constantly the
focus of suspicions within the city, despite his valor in
battle during the Sabbat incursion. He uses his extensive
contacts among the city's newcomers to attempt to feed
reassuring information through to the visitors, in the
hope that it will hurry their departure. Lady Anne is well
aware of Lenoir's activities and tacitly approves.

Depending on their political inclination, the char-
acters could be approached by any of the above and
drawn into the careful dance of Camarilla politics in the
city.

The Resolution

The archon and Don Cerro will leave London only
when they are convinced that the prince poses no great
threat to the Camarilla, and that the city is secure. While
Lenoir and Lady Anne work toward that end, they have
no guarantee it will happen in a hurry.

Only two groups in the city regard McAndrew's and
Don Cerro's continued presence as a benefit. The first is
the Tremere, who quite rightly surmise that the contin-
ued presence of these vampires prevents Mithras moving
against them more directly. The second group is Valerius's
supporters, who believe much the same thing, but with
less justification. Mithras really sees Valerius as some-
thing of an irrelevance until such time as he becomes
useful again. Both groups will try to create enough
"incidents" to keep the Camarilla guests in the city, but
not too many, lest it draw more official attention.

Any major incident, such as open conflict between .

the Tremere and those loyal to Mithras or a major
Masquerade breach, will immediately end the air of
civility in the archon's dealings. Anyone from Lady
Anne downward will become fair game as a potential
scapegoat — the archon will still not act against Mithras
directly, and the ancient will not be foolish enough to
give him cause to do so.

In any event, McAndrew and Don Cerro will depart
by the early part of the 1890s, and the city will remain
free of direct Camarilla oversight until the publication of
a certain gothic horror novel in 1897.


im? /

i +e

—

od y

—/ ee |

eye, | &

i ae

The Curious Nature
of the Supernatural

Cultists

In which the prince of the city resumes his ancient
business, yet faces recent adversaries

Many of London's Kindred are surprised how subtle
the friction has been between Mithras and the Tremere.
After all, the prince has never hidden his contempt for
the clan he still sees as nothing more than murderous
usurpers. A few vampires speculate that the real battle is
being fought out of sight. They are correct.

The Tremere of London have been waiting for
Mithras's return. They were well aware that their growth
in power under Valerius was going to be only temporary,
but it did allow them to establish several chantries in the

a tp

- By S 1 ss ‘y
4 4 me -

{ A yf yf id
4 hs eS I Cg ID Gee SE i TR I hy J)

=
e
ive Se 7 sx
4 — Te
1 peri
4 |

21

city that would be difficult to root out once the prince
returned. Their next objective, if they were to secure
lasting power in London, was to undermine the prince
himself. The best way to do this is through his influence
over a group of mortal cultists.

It's an unfortunate facet of unlife that the longer one
exists, the less satisfying human blood becomes. Mithras
has long passed the point where mortal blood alone will
sustain him. He needs to feed on other vampires with
increasing regularity. Not long after he returned to his
city, he gave into the Beast long enough that he found
and drank dry a high-ranking Tremere by the name of
Anthony Bellamy. While he's well aware that several of
the city's Kindred have a suspicion of what happened,
not least the Tremere primogen Edward Bainbridge,
none of them have enough evidence or confidence to
make an issue of it by bringing it to the archon's atten-
tion.

Mithras Cults

Mithras realizes that his best way of obtaining suste-
nance is to return to his old ways: the Mithraic cults. He
has always found exploiting the worship of the god that
bears his name — and whom he actually believes himself

to be, on occasion — to be a useful source of mortal
agents and sustenance. The elements of sacrifice and
ritual bloodletting within the cult's rites can easily be
manipulated to allow him to sate his thirst. Mithraic
rituals traditionally involve the slaughter of a bull by
slitting its throat and letting the blood drain out.


12?

Images traditionally show a dog drinking the blood.

Mithras has subtly twisted the cult's rites over time
such that exchanges of blood and human sacrifice are
now viewed as higher forms of the blood sacrifice. Mem-
bers of the cult are granted unity with the god by
becoming like him for a period of days. At the end of that
time he claims their blood and they become one with
him.

The prince's particular form of the cult has thrived
in London since the nights of the Roman Empire and has
almost always managed to sustain itself through his long
periods of absence. While the cult still exists in the late
19th century, Mithras has had to puta significant amount
of effort into supporting it. Of course, the return of its god
in person has a revitalizing effect on the cult. A number
of factors have been at work while he was away. The
Tremere have been aware of his activities and have done
their best to influence the cult in his absence, with
strictly limited success. Mithras had long built suspicion
of other creatures like him into the cult's initiations, and
the Tremere have had little or no success in infiltrating
the cult.

Instead, the Tremere have been encouraging the
growth of Heremetic Orders in London — groups that
pursue the Kabbalistic tradition of Western mysticism.
The orders are usually based around the idea that a few
people have discovered mystical documents of the an-
cients, which can open a select group of people to new
levels of mystical power and enlightenment. In many
ways they take the supernatural and occult and apply
rationalistic principles to them. They are occult societies
for the scientific man. Most involve a degree of ritual as
well as initiation ceremonies and membership nomina-
tions that are more reminiscent of the gentlemen's clubs
of the day than the traditional idea of cults. While few
members of the clan have the time or inclination to
directly run such cults themselves, they provide a useful
source of influence, agents, ghouls and occasional new

childer.
The Occult Revival

London proves a fertile breeding ground for many
occult organizations. The tradition of Freemasonry is
already well entrenched in society, and many intellectu-
als now apply rational analysis to occult ideas. It is the
perfect environment for Hermetic research. The idea of
hidden secrets possessed only by an elite few who operate
in relative secrecy with obscure rituals matches the
existing forms of Freemasonry extremely well. During
the early part of the 1880s, the number of orders and

small occult groups grows rapidly. However, in 1884 the
Reverent A.F.A. Woodford, a Mason and a member of

Sy J Sy I

one of those groups called the Hermetic Society, finds
what appears to be an ancient document in a bookstall.
He shares it with some of his friends, and by 1888 those
individuals have become the founding members of the
Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, basing their group's
practices on the information in the manuscript.

The very public face of this branch of occult interest
has drawn potential recruits away from both the Mithras
cults and the Tremere's own Hermetic orders, even
though the Golden Dawn itself is a purely mortal phe-
nomenon. That doesn't mean that the vampires have left
it alone. The Tremere in particular have been watching
the group for signs of people with the potential to be
Embraced as useful members of the clan. However, they
know that they have to be very circumspect, because
McAndrew has expressed his concern that such a super-
naturally oriented group has gained so much attention.
He considers it to be a possible risk to the integrity of the
Masquerade. This has upped the stakes for both Mithras
and the Tremere. Both know that they have to be careful
as McAndrew is watching both of them, but neither is
prepared to relinquish the potential these groups offer.

To add a further complication, one of the cults that
preceded the Golden Dawn, the Hermetic Order of the
Rising Day, actually spawns the Arcanum. For more
details, see Peter Harker's entry at the end of Chapter
Three.

A Third Cult

There is a third factor in the struggle that is un-
known to the Tremere. Somewhere deep under the East
End slumbers something that predates Mithras's arrival
on these shores. A small but committed cult of worship-
pers, based ona few family lines, keeps the thing protected
and devotes the lives of its members to serving it.

The prince is reasonably confident that whatever °

the sleeping thing is, it isn't another vampire. He's been
content to leave it be, as longas its cultists don't interfere
with his own worshippers. Like everyone else, the cultists
are curiously interested in the Golden Dawn and the
other cults, and are trying to boost their membership in
the hope of awakening their master through greater
rituals. Eventually a clash with Mithras or the Tremere
is inevitable.

Dramatis Dersonae

Mithras himself is obviously the major player here.
The cults are necessary for his own survival, so he keeps
a keen eye on them and intervenes directly himself.
Edward Bainbridge is his opposite number among the
Tremere. He directly involves himself in some of the
Hermetic Orders and keeps an eye on others through


ee a ee ae ee eared nee —
, 1 > at ay F , ' 3

SE a, 5 | fy 7 y
(¢ bd 7

Z

HV tee oes

younger members of the clan. For example, Sri Sansa has
built up a small following among those scholars looking
to find further truths in the mystical ways of the Orient
and other distant parts of the empire. Mithras is aware of
this imbalance and reluctantly comes around to the idea
that he might need to involve others in his schemes to
fully keep the Tremere at bay.

McAndrew is suspicious of the growing occult re-
vival and is actively investigating. So too is Father

Marshal of the Order of St. George.

The Resolution

With so much interest in the activities of these
groups, somebody is eventually going to make a mistake,
expose their interference and bring down the wrath of
the Camarilla or the Inquisition on themselves. Which-
ever party makes this foolish misstep will need allies
quickly to survive. The exception, as ever, is Mithras. If
it is he who makes a mistake (though given his centuries
of experience at playing this game, that isn't very likely),
the Tremere are likely to suffer more than he does as the
Camarilla clamps down on this potential breach of the
Masquerade.

The Secret of the
Hidden Rival

In which the Prince of Manchester seeks an advanta-
geous outcome of the present situation

Britain has changed considerably since Mithras left.
The Industrial Revolution has swept through the coun-
try, and cities have grown dramatically. Until the early
part of the century, the preeminent Kindred of London's
lesser cities were called barons, and were subordinate to
Mithras, as Prince of London and de facto Prince of
England. Around seventy years ago, Baron Charles
Shawlands, who claimed the cities of Manchester and
Liverpool, noticed the rapid expansion of the popula-
tion, and cautiously granted new Embracing rights to
some of the primogen.

As the population continued to grow and the
Liverpool docks became increasing popular as a means
for Kindred entering the country, Shawlands followed
Mithras's lead and was generous in granting newcomers
the right to stay in the city. Thirty years ago, with
Mithras still missing, his power base much expanded,
and many powerful Kindred now owing him favors,
Shawlands actively petitioned for the right to call him-
self prince, and was rewarded with a visit from a justicar
proving that the sect recognized his claim. Anne has not

' 3. I pee) a

~~

LE a )
yet seen fit to inform Mithras of this fact, and none of the
other Kindred in London have dared to do so as yet,
either. Anne's judgment is that Mithras is so focused on
making sure his city is restored to his notion of order, that
the politics of Manchester are no more significant than
those of Paris or Vienna. Indeed, it has not occurred to
Mithras that the barons could be a problem. He still
thinks in terms of Edinburgh's Kindred being the main
threat to his authority.

Shawlands, meanwhile, has listened to the tales of
increasing instability among London's Kindred with
interest. He has no desire to provoke Mithras, but be-
lieves that he will have longer to firmly establish his own
position if the problems in London continue for as long
as possible. To that end, he has sent his own childe to
London as the official ambassador to Mithras and aide to
Anne in this trying time, and one relatively experienced
neonate — Paul Bedwell —to unofficially do his best to
make the situation in London worse rather than better.

Dramatis Dersonae

Paul Bedwell has successfully been welcomed into
the city by Anne, after spinning a tale of the destruction
of his sire while traveling, not long after his Embrace.

Janet Latimer has made the acquaintance of the
hostage from Edinburgh, Lorna Dingwall, and is at-
tempting to use her as a go-between with Bedwell.
Latimer can see that Mithras is the only London vampire
who seriously considers Edinburgh a threat, and thus no
one pays the young Toreador any attention at all. For
Dingwall, Latimer presents an opportunity to gain the
patronage of a senior figure in Manchester's vampire
community, one who is shown some respect in London.

Stephen Lenoir has taken Bedwell under his wing,
but harbors growing suspicions about his young charge,
and may soon seek some aid in confirming them.

The Resolution

It's entirely possible that the Mancunian agitators
will succeed at their task in the short term. At a time
when most of the Kindred in London are scrambling to
establish their own power bases, mistrust is so pervasive
that a small group with no ambitions to establish their
own position can easily spread rumors, misinformation
and outright lies between different groups, making the
subtle games of power and prestige even more volatile
than normal. If the players' coterie realizes what is afoot,
they may be able to use that knowledge to their advan-
tage, either by blackmailing the Manchester contingent,
or by exchanging it for favors from Anne or another
major player in the city.

CHAPTER FOUR: CONSPIRACIES

eS ae a a nn

(re ees ar, S
oS ——, a —

Spang ee


‘Cea et ¢
A coterie that establishes a good rapport with the
agents may suddenly find themselves with a back door
out of London if things go sour for them in the city.
Shawlands is more than ready to welcome into his
domain any Kindred of London with knowledge and
connections he can exploit. At the other extreme, the
agents could be exposed, with unfortunate consequences
for the relationship between London and Manchester.
Mithras's reaction will not be as bad as some people
suspect. To him, the Prince of Manchester just another
uppity baron getting out of line, something that has
happened repeatedly through the centuries. Indeed, the
Camarilla, in the form of the archon McAndrew, is likely
to take a dimmer view of the situation. The archon is in
London to make sure Mithras is not angered unduly and
maintains the status quo. Another Camarilla prince
seeking to undermine that mission is likely to find his
position becoming rather tenuous.

A Study in
Righteousness

In which the forces of faith and science work against the
creatures of the night

Clouds gather over London. In 1897, Bram Stoker
succeeds in putting his vampire novel, Dracula, in print.
This fictionalized account of the life of a real vampire
sends shockwaves through the Camarilla. The Masquer-
ade is breached, and right under the nose of the London
Kindred.

Worse, by then London is already a haven for hunt-
ers who can take advantage of the crisis. However, at the
point where London by Night begins, they are just
beginning to build their presence in the city. The sudden
explosion of occult activity in the city in the latter part
of the century does not go unnoticed. London saw a
major Christian revival in 1859, which filled some mem-
bers of the Church with joy, and irritated others because
much of it was led by lay preachers and others not directly
part of the Church of England hierarchy. The fervent
believers within the Church are sincerely concerned
that the occult revival is an attempt by satanic forces to
fight back against this movement of the spirit.

Added to that division is the fact that the Church is
already under assault after the publication of Darwin's
Origin of the Species. His theory of evolution challenges
the accepted theology and leads to many people leaving
the Church for the philosophy of rationalism. Indeed, by
the late Victorian era, Christianity is mainly a faith for
the prosperous middle classes. Thus, the growth in occult

oe bl Matt

pe

AW

, acl ML 4 5)

societies is enough that the Archbishop of Canterbury's
office activates the Order of St. George, the Church of
England's equivalent of the Inquisition, to investigate
and deal with any unholy influence it finds.

At the same time, one of the many occult societies
of the time finds evidence of the reality of supernatural
creatures in their midst. Several key members quit, and
devote themselves to discovering more about these be-
ings, starting in London. The Arcanum is born, and
rapidly turns its attentions to the Kindred of London.

The Whitechapel murders committed by Jack the
Ripper, while actually unrelated to vampires, focus both
the Inquisition's and the Arcanum's attentions on the
city. The Kindred can ill afford to step out of line. In
essence, the characters are going to have to toe that line.
While London is a city of opportunity for the canny in
this period, it is also one where a misstep can have serious
consequences for a reckless character.

As mentioned above, the presence of an archon in
the city means that the Masquerade is strictly enforced.
Any overt display of supernatural power is going to bring
the wrath of the primogen, the archon and the attention
of mortal hunters down on the character.

Dramatis Dersonae

In 1880, comparatively few hunters are active in
London. Father Marshal resides in Lambeth Palace, but
the occult revival is only just gathering adherents and he
won't receive a mandate to investigate until the latter
half of the decade. The Arcanum does not form until

1885.

The Inquisitors
The key figure in the Inquisition is Father Marshal,

a senior member of what remains of the Order of St. J

George. The Anglican Inquisition has been in decline
for the best part of two centuries, and is little more than
a small group of clerics charged with the maintenance of
a set of records and the investigation of any rumors of
activity by supernatural creatures. The latter, in particu-
lar, has proven to be a fruitless endeavor in recent years.

Marshal, though, takes his calling seriously, rather
than seeing it as another step in the Church hierarchy.
After spending weeks and months reading the records
available to him at Lambeth Palace and elsewhere, he
comes to the conclusion, quite accurately, that the
devil's creatures haven't gone away, they've just grown
more skilled at hiding from the Inquisition.

Father Marshal has carefully provoked conversa-
tions with members of organizations like the Golden
Dawn, and is building up a picture of external influence


Pp 5 OSE Bis ST RIE =

)

Ce) 7 (© ' , 7a 7 a
7. a Y | Mf y . a) . c
a r 4 { , p ‘he i Sse

7 q ee pM y

on them. His pleas for extra resources fall, for now, on

The Resolution

deaf ears. That will change in the coming years as the
evidence builds. In the meantime, he has actually had
meetings with his colleagues in the Catholic Inquisition,
which have led to the establishment of a discreet
Cenaculum of Inquisitors in southeast London, who
actively investigate the Father's findings.

The Arcanum

The Arcanum comes into existence in October
1885, when a mysterious figure named Benjamin
Holmscroft invites a group of disaffected members of the
Hermetic Order of the Rising Day to a meeting in his
home at Vannever Hall. These scholars, occultists and
religious men form the Arcanum as a group dedicated to
studying the unnatural, the arcane and the uncanny.
The group is particularly adept at tracking the existence
of the supernatural through disparate pieces of documen-
tary evidence, cross-referencing the various accounts to
find the common points throughout. A few members,
not least Holmscroft himself, seem also to have firsthand
experience of vampires and other creatures.

The Arcanum's main base of operations is in
Vannever Hall, in rural Hertfordshire. Its London base is
a large terraced house just off Berkeley Square, which it
uses from 1886 onward. Peter Harker is the head of that
house, and directs the studies of other scholars from
there.

The scholars of the Arcanum aren't actually inter-
ested in destroying vampires, only in studying them.
Unfortunately, that mission clashes directly with the
Masquerade, so they are still a threat to the Kindred. The
Arcanists are most likely to be found investigating the
aftermath of any possible supernatural event with a
scientific rigor worthy of Sherlock Holmes himself. Over
a period of months, Reginald Moore's sloppy feeding
habits lead to the Arcanum seeing a pattern of attacks
and murders that the police fail to detect. While the
Arcanists try to apply the same standards of evidence and
logical deduction as the police, they have the advantage
of an open mind to the supernatural world that allows
them to see connections the official investigators miss.
The Arcanum is aware of the man in the ill-fitting suit
that seems to be a common link between the attacks on
students, lecturers and publishers of ideological pam-
phlets that make up Moore's accustomed herd, but which
the police have discarded as unrelated crimes because of
the apparent lack of motive. A few of the Arcanists have
even put forward the idea that the mysterious attacker is
taking some sustenance from his victims, though they're
at a loss as to exactly what. The current theory is that
their superior minds must be a factor.

The Inquisition does not go away. The death of any
inquisitor will focus the attention of the Order of St.
George on the city. The two branches of the Inquisition,
Catholic and Anglican, will continue to work closely
together, and will eventually become one by the end of
the 20th century.

Neither does the Arcanum vanish. Admittedly, Mr.
Harker dies in mysterious circumstances by the end of
the 19th century. The chances are that his death comes
under the fangs of one of the vampires of the city. It may
even be one of the players' characters who kills him.
However, despite this loss, the Arcanum increases in
knowledge and efficacy into the 20th century, and Lon-
don becomes the focus of much of its intelligence
gathering and analysis.

The growing strength of both of these organizations
poses an interesting challenge to the characters. They
cannot simply dispose of the problematic hunters, be-
cause that merely draws the attention of their backers,
and risks a Masquerade breach as well as damage to their
own Humanity. However, they cannot simply ignore
them, either, as they are already a breach of the Masquer-
ade. If they can find a way of "managing" the hunters,
keeping them suitably distracted with false leads and
misdirection, they can leverage that success into greater
standing among London's Kindred.

Smaller Conspiracies

Many of the most dangerous conspiracies involve
only a handful of confederates. After all, the more
individuals who are involved in ascheme, the more their
chances of discovery increase. In some cases, desperate
situations can turn enemies into temporary allies, who
are all the more effective because their alliance is so
unthinkable. Even in a time as short as the two decades
of Victorian Age: Vampire, the Kindred of London
scheme and plot against each other as they maneuver for
influence, power and other rewards within the
Camarilla... and outside it.

Machinations Against the
Seneschal

Methuselahs do not need to personally intervene in
gatherings of Kindred when conducting their affairs. By
dispatching minions and conditioning younger vam-
pires, they set great events in motion. Prince Mithras of
London is no exception. He may disappear for months at
a time, but his influence is still felt during his absence.

= FOUR: CONSPIRACIES


{Yaa |
TM ECS
63 SB RID BILE G ss 2

"126

His seneschal, Lady Anne, capably serves in his stead.
For all intents and purposes, Anne Bowesley acts as the
prince, even when Mithras is present in the city.

Conspirators know that liberating the city from a
Methuselah's obsessions requires far more than the elimi-
nation of the seneschal, but many campaigns against
Mithras begin with actions against her. The deposed
seneschal Valerius has watched and waited for his oppor-
tunity to retake his place, but he is by no means the only
envious Ventrue in the city. London has seen several
Nobles arrive in Mithras's domain to gain recognition for
centuries of service to the Camarilla. In most cases, their
ambitions do not center on becoming prince. Some hope
to become a Primogen of Clan Ventrue. A few have
aspired to depose the seneschal herself.

One of the most notable heirs apparent was Joseph
Gaiman, who assumed the position of primogen in 1843
after implicating Anne ina possible violation of the First
Tradition. Shortly thereafter, Mithras supposedly fell
into torpor through an intrigue of the local Sabbat (or
according to rival accounts, several powerful Giovanni).
Gaiman then insisted that the city needed a prince, and
even foolishly contested with Valerius for the position.
Once Gaiman's true ambitions had been revealed, Mithras
himself arrived at the Ventrue's ceremony of investiture,
destroying him before a gathering of London's Kindred.
Each time a Venture aspires to become primogen, the
story of Gaiman's demise is retold. A few pretenders have
attempted to take Lady Anne's place, but like many
Victorian princes, her position withstands the assault.

Nathaniel and the Gangrel

Among the Victorian Kindred, Gangrel have few
chances of gaining status. Except for the short-lived
claim of the Gangrel Prince of Glasgow in the 1850s,
most have sought political esteem within the Camarilla
by serving as sheriffs, scourges and hounds. Nathaniel
has seen firsthand what becomes of Animals who fail at
such efforts. Many retreat back into the wilderness,
where they are still expected to risk their existence
hunting for signs of intrusion by the Sabbat or other
supernatural forces. Stereotypes are an unfortunate and
anachronistic failing of Victorian society. While a
Gangrel may gain respect for his achievements as an
individual, status in the Camarilla is hard to attain for
the Animals.

Despite this prejudice, Nathaniel's fame for his bru-
tal efficiency in blood hunts has gained him entrance
into many gatherings where Gangrel are usually shunned.
He has put the time to good use, watching and listening
to see how various Kindred regard the paragons of his
clan. He watched Lady Anne's intrigues with great

LONDON BY NIGHT

pipe onesies i> patton Spe

interest, hoping she might become the one aspirant who
could usurp Valerius's authority, and indeed, he was
correct. He knows the look of a hunter on the prowl, and
he fully believes Anne ultimately wants to take the
prince's place as well. He even suspects (but cannot
prove) that Anne may have actually helped others to
undermine the prince's childe. For now, Nathaniel con-
siders her too weak to ever succeed. Valerius is even
worse, as he is only powerful because he has the Blood of
an ancient supporting him.

As he patiently endures the intrigues of the Ventrue,
Nathaniel follows events within his own clan. Each day at
sunset, he awakens in a garret apartment overlooking
London's zoological gardens. He has made ghouls of two of
the attendants, who ensure that his meetings with other
Gangrel in the zoo at night remain undisturbed. When
discussing politics in these meetings, he paces like a tiger in
acage. Some aspects of clan politics are clearly evident. The
competition for territory outside major cities has increased
since the time of Nathaniel's Embrace, and without strict
methods of maintaining the Six Traditions, enforcingclaims
of domain is difficult. Additionally, dissent among the
Gangrel is growing. To ensure their mutual survival, some
have even considered becoming anarchs. On rare occa-
sions, he has received messengers speaking on behalf of
Gangrel anarchs in the wilderness.

Since then, Nathaniel has also learned that many of
his meetings in the gardens have been watched by Violet
Mary. He has taken the fact that the sheriff and Lady
Anne have not interfered as evidence that Mary has not
informed them of this conflict among the Gangrel. This
is true, for Violet Mary has passed this information to
Valerius instead. Mary suspects that Nathaniel would be
a useful asset to Valerius in reclaiming his position as
seneschal. If she can ever confirm that Mithras is actually

gone for good, she will work to bring the three of them %

into acommon conspiracy. Perhaps some of the neonate
Gangrel who have taken audiences with Nathaniel may
aid them as well.

A Chantry of Malkavians

Dr. Timothy has placed a dangerous idea in the mind
of Abraham Mellon. When Mellon first made his intro-
duction to the Malkavian primogen, he thoroughly
impressed Timothy with his knowledge of the occult.
Timothy has suggested that Abraham would find many
willing initiates within Clan Malkavian. In fact, achantry
of Malkavians — a entire cabal of insightful and pro-
phetic practitioners — would be a considerable
innovation.

Timothy's idea holds an obvious agenda. Edward
Bainbridge, the Tremere primogen of London, main-


ti mo) 2 / ci |

tains that only Tremere should study Thaumaturgy in
London, and Lady Anne agrees. It is a dictum that helps
maintain the clan's power and domain within the city.
The very thought of teaching Thaumaturgy to someone
outside the Camarilla is considered a breach of the
Masquerade in some cities, and Lady Anne has gone so
far as to claim that anyone outside Clan Tremere who
learns such knowledge while in London is also breaking
the First Tradition.

Abraham Mellon has found the idea of teaching
vampiric initiates amusing enough to do further re-
search. Traveling through the astral realm, he has found
his way through the corridors of several London chantries,
even penetrating the sanctum sanctorum of Bainbridge's
personal chantry. His megalomania encourages the idea
of actually seizing one of London's chantries, destroying
the Tremere within it, and patronizing a cabal of
Malkavian scholars in their place. He is unsure of which
persona to use in instructing his initiates: his own, John
Dee's, ora Malkavian interpretation of Aleister Crowley.
Along the way, he has learned of one of Bainbridge's
"sullied women": a mortal named Margaret O'Meary
who suspects Edward Bainbridge is a vampire.

As Abraham's research continues, Dr. Timothy's
paranoia grows. A few Malkavians with Thaumaturgy
would be potent weapons to wield in his crusade against
the Sabbat. His vigilance demands that he periodically
interview (or interrogate) London's Malkavians in the
Deep Ward of his asylum. As part of these interviews, he
is considering which ones would best take to the practice
of Thaumaturgy. Although these efforts could under-
mine the prince, he would pursue the enterprise to
empower the clan he supports and frustrate the machina-
tions of the Sabbat. Abraham is not restrained by such
altruism. He would act purely out of his own need for
power; he is a force of evil that Timothy has summoned
through his scheme, but cannot ultimately control.

Justice and Corruption

Dr. Timothy also knows of Cyril Masters and ad-
mires his vigilance. Both firmly believe in upholding
security in their city, and by extension, the Lextalionis of
the prince. Of course, affairs of the Camarilla occasion-
ally demand the swift elimination of those who would
undermine that state. With that in mind, Lady Anne has
requested Masters' help in hunting down anarchs and
anarchists within the city, as well as any who would
undermine Mithras's supremacy.

The seneschal continues these purges quietly. After
all, when enemies of the Kindred's orderly society are
found within the city, whether mortal anarchists or
Cainites, it suggests the prince has been lax in his

| , 1F
£4 Se SS et Oo 0 ID PE 1 3 FE joy 4 9 Fg

J

=
a

‘4 J ‘
ony ec fi £ —- —_ ee
co y b -

127
leadership. If an independent vampire passes without a
proper introduction through the domain and survives —
whether it's a Ravnos, Giovanni, or other creature of the
night — it hints that the prince cannot enforce the
Tradition of Domain effectively, and that threatens the
survival of all of London's Kindred. Several Ventrue
(Valerius among them) have found such infestations on
their own, and have even brought them before the

primogen or the prince to discredit the seneschal's effi-
cacy.

. 2s

When loyal Kindred uncover the prince's enemies,
Lady Anne wants those enemies to quickly disappear.
Unleashing Nathaniel on a blood hunt is the most overt
tactic, but the seneschal has more covert methods as
well. Masters and Timothy are working together to learn
more about these criminal networks. Several "Camarilla
criminals" have been escorted by Masters' ghoul thugs to
the Deep Ward of Dr. Timothy's asylum, where they
receive lengthy interrogation. Some never leave. Those
who do have usually been broken by Timothy's skill at
manipulating the weak-willed.

Masters also wields enough influence over high-
ranking officials in the British constabulary to make
mortals disappear just as easily. The most troublesome
are transferred to other rooms in Timothy's asylum,
where a few are permanently lobotomized. Timothy has
undertaken surgical research to determine a way to
permanently remove the frontal lobes of a vampire, but
with little success. The best he can do is to repeatedly
inflict aggravated injuries on selected portions of the
brain and deprive the victim of sufficient blood to heal.

The Morlock Society

Anarchs do not merely rebel against one authority
figure — they often rebel against them all. Many of

London's Kindred have come to fear the Brujah of *

Britain, fully expecting them to be swept up in the recent
and turbulent upheavals of the mortal anarchist move-
ment. Much of Victorian society is predicated on
individuals acting according to their station; thus, each
time Dynamiters detonate satchels of nitroglycerin out-
side a public building, or when Irish freedom fighters
discharge firearms in the streets, paranoid Kindred sus-
pect the Brujah may somehow be involved. This
stereotype and similar misperceptions allow Britain's
more sinister anarchs to act with greater secrecy — and
greater impunity. Few suspect that one of the greatest
threats to London's Camarilla depends heavily on a
cabal of Nosferatu: the Morlock Society.

The Morlock Society looks to the future, acting on
prophecies that are often dismissed or neglected. It is said
that in the Final Nights, Caine's childer will be cursed with


126

LONDON BY NIGHT

wh ho oan nl ml ude

. % y /
bs os I 5 >

a Time of Thin Blood, when the last generation will be
unable to sire childer. Some consider that event to be a
precursor of Gehenna. Two Morlock loremasters share that
belief. They consider it a distinct possibility that within a
century, the 13th, 14th, or 15th generation descended from
Caine will be the last. Their network of information is
obsessed with gathering lore that supports that theory.

Fear drives the Society to prepare for that future, even
if they must act decades or centuries in advance. In six
underground Nosferatu Kingdoms across Europe, followers
of the cult have been creating childer away from the
domains of princes or archbishops. These neonates are
Embraced in darkness, bound in blood, and conditioned to
serve the six elders who have organized the cult. In recent
years, they have found inspiration in a novel by H.G. Wells,
in which a subterranean atavistic race plots against the
beautiful Eloi, who enjoy the pleasures and privileges of the
surface world. The Kingdom of London and refuges in the
surrounding fief hide a community of a dozen or so self-
styled Morlocks who await the night when they will arise
and claim the world above them.

The eldest supporter of the society is a sixth-generation
Nosferatu who has allied with an unusual array of confeder-
ates. Two Ravnos have come to rely on the elder's extensive
information network, eagerly awaiting news of princes and
primogen in the cities they have chosen as destinations in
their travels. A Malkavian naming himself the Erlkonig
specializes in abducting children in Germany, who are then
raised and bled as food for a Morlock Kingdom in caves
beneath the Black Forest. And in London itself, a Brujah
anarchist known as Thursday has found reasons to sympa-
thize with the Morlock's plot.

Thursday's childe, Herbert Westin, has spent years
in London and New York searching for potential allies,
orat least fools who can be misdirected against the rulers
of the surface world. Through Thursday's guidance, he
has been sent to investigate countless anarchistic societ-
ies, developing contacts through them all. Soon Thursday
will be forced to accelerate his activities. The Morlocks
have sired so extensively that one of their descendents is
afifteenth-generation vampire. When that vampire tries
to create a childe and fails, the Morlocks will misinter-
pret the event, believing that the end of the century
heralds the Final Nights.

According to their legends, in the Time of Thin
Blood, the last generation of the Morlocks will rise from
the depths to hunt the rulers of London one by one. Until
then, they manipulate a handful of minions on the
surface of the Earth, strengthening them through con-
flict, gathering information through their intrigues, and
scheming against the hated Eloi. Herbert Westin is their
faceless agent in the world above them.

npc

eg na cane eee

/ : a ,
42 Fe hg Sy ID » ¥
The Children's Crusade

Rathe Haversham's influence has steadily spread
throughout London. He is capably assisted of his pack of
"street Arabs," the children who actas his minions. They
have repeatedly told him of the presence of a legendary
Caitiff vampire, a master thief who appears as a nine-
year-old child. His reputation has grown so much that
many believe he was actually Embraced during his child-
hood. That belief is correct.

Some of Haversham's young ghouls have taken the
existence of this "child vampire" as encouragement that
they should be Embraced as well. The undead wastrel has
even stolen and fed in "Prince Fagin's" domain, as
though taunting him, or punishing him. At one point,
the little monster killed over a dozen mortals inhabiting
the same squalid apartment. He then left obscene mes-
sages to Haversham scrawled in blood. Rathe Haversham
has wasted years searching for the bloodsucking bastard,
but his ghouls have repeatedly failed to find him. As with
so much in the Nosferatu's unlife, someone is actively
frustrating his efforts.

In truth, the child — variously known as Arthur, Art,
or "Wart" — has learned to play upon the sympathies of
another of London's Nosferatu: Violet Mary. She has
become a mentor to him, rather like a doting undead aunt.
Inher breathing days, she dreamed of having a child, but the
dream has become twisted in her suffering. She cannot see
Wart for the monster he is, but as a pitiable creature who
must be redeemed through love. As penitence for past sins,
she has even taught him the elementary rituals of the
Obfuscate Discipline. She would dearly love to adopt him
as her childe, but his lengthy stay in London has been a
violation of the Tradition of Domain. If Mithras doesn't
destroy him outright, Haversham would insist on it shortly
after the boy's discovery.

Wart has lured a few of Haversham's ghouls astray,

promising them better treatment. Most disappear, never to
be seen again. Haversham's hatred for the child is so great
that he has promised the Embrace to the ghoul who destroys
him. Violet Mary already hates Haversham's shabby treat-
ment of his so-called children. Were she to find out that her
young ward is being hunted by London's premiere fagin
"prince," it would motivate her to act against him — or aid
Wart's campaign against him. Any characters who have
been aided by Haversham, Violet or even Wart would no
doubt find themselves caught in the middle.

Love's Labours Lost

Edward Bainbridge has become a bit too careless in
his dalliances with mortals. In one ill-conceived affair, a
scorned lover slashed his throat in the midst of one of
their encounters. Instead of committing an outright act


es

ine 4 fiat %
—eeey ale A ih? TTN N
, Lr, j VW
F De

of murder to silence her, Bainbridge sent one of his
Gargoyles to do the deed for him. Little did he suspect
that the demented woman armed with a straight razor
had caught a large quantity of his blood in a steel pan.
The madwoman was actually an abandoned Sabbat
revenant lingering in London after a failed Sabbat inva-
sion. When the frenzied Tremere stormed from the
room, she eagerly lapped up the blood that had spilled on
the floor. By the time he had returned, she had consumed
enough of the captured vitae to survive another month
— and flee the scene of the crime.

After a furious altercation with the enslaved Gar-
goyle, the scorned lover escaped. She had learned
enough from their affair to seek aid and
revenge. The Gargoyle, terrified at
the though of dealing with
the consequences of fail-
ure, reported only that it
had delivered fatal
wounds to its prey. Per-
haps it truly never
suspected that the woman
had enough Fortitude to
survive them. This
scorned revenant, /

Margaret O'Meary, ee
then deduced Vv
withinaweekthat /\ y\
Sri Sansa and

Rebecca Grey /-\
shared Edward's \
magical practices.

Sri has offered
Margaret admission
to his blood cult,
but has kept her
survival a secret.
He thinks that
she is a ghoul,
and that Ed-
ward is her
domitor. Further-
more, he knows
that revealing one of Edward's
little indiscretions could discredit the Tremere
primogen. He is waiting for the opportunity to use the
revelation against him. He does not suspect that Marga-
ret has also gone to Rebecca Grey, claiming that she is a
ghoul who has been cruelly discarded and hunted by a
former domitor, whom she has refused to reveal. Edward
was first attracted to Margaret for her approach to
Enochian magic, and Rebecca has offered to teach her

17 4 Ds ‘
men
ge mt, AY — 2

*

fe
more. In fact, she has come to consider her a candidate

for the Embrace — which would have deadly conse-
quences for Edward.

-
ss

The plot thickens. Margaret O'Meary's desperation
is motivated by grim circumstances. She believes her
first-born child must gain the truly supernatural power
she could never attain in life. She is at best a hedge
magician, but her egomania eagerly outpaces that.
Through Enochian rituals, she has called down the Hosts
of Heaven to possess her child and give it strength.
Instead of summoning the heavenly host, however, her
hunt for the supernatural led her to London's Kindred.

Bainbridge never suspected that the revenant was al-
ready pregnant with a mortal child — or that his
blood would be used to feed it in the womb.
Margaret's motherly instincts
are vastly misinterpreting the
transformation happening
within her. The fetus, fed
on vitae, has not aged one
day. Her appetites, how-
ever, have become
unpredictable and over-
whelming. An ill-fated
tryst has fueled the sur-
vival of a madwoman
motivated by sudden
hungers, seething re-
\ venge, and love for
\ the inhuman,
unaging monster
"slumbering," inert,
in her womb.

Conceived in
v MS Darkness

A nest of vi-
pers has infested
L‘o-n'd orn',
spawning in
the three Setite
temples that lie
hidden there. All
three are aided by
the financial patronage of Halim Bey, who keeps younger
Serpents in line with the constant threat of his enslaved
mummy, Nephren-Ka. Each temple has one of Halim's
childer as its high priest or priestess. They do not reside
permanently in each temple, but they do host rituals at each
one at least once a week. None of these cult leaders have
been foolish enough to submit to a blood bond, however, so
each presents a different measure of problems for Halim.

CHAPTER FOUR: CONSPIRACIES

1 a ES AREER AERTS Ad pi tt eS


130

The first one, Danvers, is the most indiscreet childe.
He has infiltrated the Camarilla by posing as a Ventrue,
even going so far as to learn the basics of the Fortitude
Discipline, and to master Presence. His wealth comes
from the sale of pharmaceuticals in London, the two
doctors he employs as retainers, and dens of iniquity
where drug addicts sate their hunger for opium. Cyril
Masters is one of his best clients, though the two have
never met socially. Away from the gatherings of the

Kindred, they have conducted their transactions in a . ZZ ff <a) \ xy
businesslike (but desperate) fashion. Cyril merely be- WAS

lieves that his Ventrue benefactor maintains the dens as
a questionable source of income. He suspects that Danvers
also has dealings with the Setites, but he is oblivious to
the fact that Danvers is Halim's childe.

Halim's second childe, Patricia, masquerades as a
mortal woman with a fascination with the Middle East.
She has studied its many exotic arts, including dance,
~~ and taught them to the women who serve as her students
(or one some occasions, her lovers). Like Halim, she has
studied the works of Sir Richard Francis Burton, but her
favorite work is his forbidden translation of the Kama
§@ Sutra. Patricia also serves as the grande dame of a brothel
| onthe East Side of London, though she administers the
business through intermediaries. As one would expect,
she is never there during the day. Her temple is served
exclusively by female acolytes, who conduct monthly
: rituals invoking the names of Egyptian goddesses. Rebecca
§ Grey has been astute enough to learn rumors of the
temple's existence, but she believes it is a mortal coven.
If she decides to investigate further, she may expose
Patricia's activities — and invoke Halim's wrath.

q The third childe, Ferguson, belongs to the Inner
/ Circle of three fraternal brotherhoods in London, in-
cluding a splinter group of Egyptian Freemasonry. One of
Cyril Masters' childer has been lured into this latter
organization. Cyril believed that the organization would Ga
act as asedate front for his liaisons, and he still thinks he ee! W
can infiltrate it as he has so many others. He is unaware i
| that Ferguson has watched and learned of Cyril's secre-
tive meetings with his childe, a high-ranking official in

the British police force. Ferguson has sent intermediaries

% to several of London's other neonates, hinting at the
} opportunities (from political influence to blood) offered
by this secret society. His ambition is his greatest weak-
ness, for he has recently attempted to suborn some of the
other clubs Masters visits.

The Ripper

For all the might and power of the London Kindred,
their vigilance has not aided them in finding a killer who
easily exceeds their atrocities: a mortal knownas Jack the

LONDON BY NIGHT


a

&

at
rs

Ripper. Cyril Masters' influence over London's police
has yielded little in this regard, although he suspects that
mortals within the department may have constructed
their own conspiracy to actually aid the Ripper, or at
least cover up his identity. Among the Kindred, several
have advanced wild theories of who and what Jack the
Ripper might be. Nathaniel believes it is an insane
variety of werewolf; Dr. Timothy is certain the deaths are
the actions of a Sabbat Malkavian. They are both wrong,
for they cannot accept that a mortal is capable of such
monstrous efficiency.

The terror unleashed by such atrocities forces the
Kindred of London to investigate people and places they
dared not question before. By the end of the century,

& a a

dh en ge re gg I Ye Ds

ud 5, Jie Pt a) ye I 13]
many of the intrigues discussed previously have been
revealed. An investigation into Cyril Masters over his
failed attempts to find the Ripper soon reveals his thor-
ough exploitation by a society of Setites. Lady Anne and
five Tremere force their way into the Deep Ward, not
only finding witnesses that have been hidden, but vam-
pires they never suspected had been abducted and
tortured. As secret after secret is revealed, the resulting
firestorm distracts from any further attempts to find the
mortal killer. For all the supernatural puissance of the
London Camarilla, the self-interest and intrigues of the
Kindred prevents them from stopping a mortal madman
who kills as efficiently as one of their own kind.



)

Chapter Fives
Storytelling

When the fp ge J he fs, Jad

stan ue.
al ti fap hora! jens ae
Gouphd, ae asf bis throat,

udyer thy Something of of Myself tyself

cee Re onieb in another time w poried a Ei low
erent country, crédles a ae Jor MEM

oe a Otry tallr. Als ot bask fils
reer eal

Foto ape,

-pights ¥ ampire
trossed up in a top ha AE lee we

LONDON BY NIGHT

aye

ZI]

The first step, as always, is research. Victorian Age: Vampire and
London by Night are just the beginning. Get yourself down to the local
library or bookshop, and look at some of the books mentioned in the reading
lists. See the movies or TV shows recommended. Steep yourself in the
mortal London, which is the backdrop for your story. Fiction is as good as
factual books, here. After all, you're looking to recreate the feel and mood
of the city, not a historically accurate duplicate.

The next step is to talk to your players: What do they want out of a
Victorian London chronicle? What is it about the setting that interests
them in particular? Is it the traditional image? Is it the Jack the Ripper-style
horror associated with the era? Is it the fact that it's at the very heart of the
British Empire? The answers to these questions will give you an idea of
which of the plots in this book you'd best focus on. It's also worth
establishing what they know and what they don't know about the city.
We've tried to be as historically accurate in this book as we can, but there's
absolutely no reason to cleave to historical details if they run contrary to
your players' expectations of the era. After all, this is all about telling an
enjoyable story, not studying a textbook with added vampires.

Victorian Gothic

Thanks to Hollywood's obsession with Victorian London through the
years, most of your players should already have a good idea of some of the
basic tropes of the city: the fog, the clothes and the cabs. This is both a
blessing and a curse to you. It gives you a ready source of evocative images
to use to conjure up the setting for your players. However, it does mean that
you need to avoid straying directly into cliché, because then you run the risk
of turning your game into an exercise in Victorian camp, or modern
Vampire with a silly hat on.

The simple way to avoid this is to capture the spirit of the era and the
city. In essence, the fascination of the era springs from its duality: It's a time
of tradition, hierarchy and the done thing, while also being a time of
progress, expansion and rapid change. It's a time of abject poverty and
disgusting living conditions mirrored by wealth and refined civilization for
the few. On the surface, sexual morals are more restrictive than at any time
in history. In truth, the people had made a mental division between those
who were sexual (poor people and themselves) and those who were not
(their wives, usually).

One main duality that defines the Victorian Gothic London, though
we'll look at some others later in this chapter.

Rationality Versus The Supernatural

The particular theme of much of the horror literature of the time is the
duality between rationality and the supernatural — the sublime, as Victo-
rian Age: Vampire defines it. The protagonists are usually men and women
of reason and scientific method. They are educated and know the way the
world works. Yet, they are still confronted with enemies that defy classifi-
cation in their scientific systems. However great science has become, there
are still things that lie outside its boundaries, and they are dangerous. One
way of evoking the mood of the era for your players is to tell tales in a similar
mien. To take the archetypal London-set work of the period, Dracula, we see
the forces of rationality in the form of Van Helsing and his allies fighting
against the ultimate in the supernatural, Dracula. While the rational


BS AA RNA AE RT SID

ultimately triumphs in that book, this is the World of
Darkness and the outcome will never be so clear-cut.

After all, the characters are supernatural beings.
That duality may well be played out within themselves:
If they were believers in rationality prior to the Embrace,
they're going to have to do some adjusting to come to
terms with their new nature. Even if they weren't, the
nature of the Camarilla and the Masquerade makes
rationality an extremely useful tool for the city's Kin-
dred. Indeed, as discussed in Chapter Four, while the
occult revival led by groups like the Golden Dawn may
be useful to some vampires (notably Mithras and the
Tremere), interest in the occult is not something they
wish to encourage over much.

The characters may well find themselves in the
somewhat ironic position of being supernatural beings
actively seeking to destroy the belief in the supernatural.
This is not to suggest that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's
Sherlock Holmes stories are in fact a vampire's plot to
suggest to the mortals that rationality can overcome all,
but certainly the London Camarilla would prefer Doyle's
works to those of Stoker, Poe and Machen.

The other way to use these themes, of course, is to
present the characters with antagonists that embody
rationality. The Arcanum and Society of Leopold are
particularly good for this sort of plot. In effect, you are
telling the Dracula story from the other point of view.

Hypocrisy

That selfsame hypocrisy we see when vampires aim
to destroy belief in their nature is evident throughout
Victorian London. The British direct their efforts to
civilize the world through the empire from the very city
where their own countrymen live in medieval squalor
only a short walk away. The wealthy dine expensively
and in style mere yards from alleys where the poor lie

dead.

Of course, this hypocrisy is an important implement
in the Kindred's toolbox of influence. A character does
not have to bea Setite to know how to take advantage of
amortal's weakness, especially in a period when so much
is forbidden. The conventional wisdom among the upper
classes, for example, is that women are incapable of
enjoying sexual intercourse, and that a woman who takes
pleasure in it may actually be deranged. While a cursory
glance at the lives of the poor women of the East End
would soon put an end to the notion, the Victorians seem
to be pathologically incapable of seeing such contradic-
tions, even in the empire's capital.

The interaction between Kindred and mortal soci-
ety is often a key part of many Vampire stories, and to
truly evoke the feeling of the era, the hypocrisy of many

Ma * _-

. Z ~ aan "ae: hod J a, j A) ~
: OR ELLA 4 os SL EL D)

/ i :

135
people's lifestyles needs to be a key element in the game.
Indeed, in Kindred society, those layers of hypocrisy and
deception should be more richly layered. Take the pres-
ence of the justicar in the city, for instance. On the
surface, she is here to welcome the prince home. Some
vampires realize, of course, that she's here as a warning to
Mithras that he must behave by the rules of the sect.
However, by involving other vampires in this hidden
mission, she is being a hypocrite, because she has no
intention of actually moving against Mithras. Taking on
an elder of his stature is a sure way to add fuel to the
Sabbat's fire, by showing up just how dangerous creature
like him can be when roused.

Empire

One fact concerning London in this setting makes it
utterly unique. It is not just the capital of the United
Kingdom; it is the capital of the British Empire. That has
a profound effect on the city, and you won't be doing the
setting justice if it doesn't become apparent to the players
that this is the case. A number of the major ways in which

the city is affected that might come to notice of vampires
are listed below.

Ethnic Diversity

Unlike most previous major empires, the British
Empire is not local to the British Isles, it is scattered all
across the planet. That means that the racial diversity of
the subject people is staggering. Most of Africa and
southern Asia lies under British rule, and people of those
regions are starting to appear in London for the first time.
In general they are still regarded as third-class people at
the very best, items of curiosity and living signs of British
Imperial power. Some become permanent residents of
the city, though wholesale immigration won't take place
for another sixty years or so. For the time being, they are
usually transient visitors, adding a new dimension to the
city.

The net result of all these different nationalities
passing through the city is that people are being exposed
to more cultural diversity than ever before, and they
hunger for it. Many Londoners have been exposed to
different cultures during time abroad working in the
colonies. Whereas in the past outsiders were often seen
as threats, Victorian London is likely to welcome them
as novelties and curiosities. The degree to which that has
extended to the Kindred, too, is up to you. Vampires are,
by their predatory nature, somewhat less trusting of
newcomers, who may well become a threat to their
position.

CHAPTER FIVE: ne?


- a

It's also worth remembering that this is not just acity
of white English guys. People from all parts of the British
Isles can be found in the city. The railway network has
made it much easier to move around, and much of the
city's population boom comes from people commuting
from elsewhere in the country. While English accents are
still the most common, Scot, Irish and Welsh voices rise
above the din with increasing frequency. They bring
with them their own distinctive cultures, and their
speakers can often be found living in enclaves, some of
which are noted in Chapter Two. While the majority of
these new residents are working class, people from other
parts of the country can be found at all levels of society
— and among the vampire population as well.

The Cathayan Question

So, you may well be asking, if the empire is
really making Britain that cosmopolitan, why aren't
there any Cathayans in the book? Are the vam-
pires of the East really that disinterested in the
west? The short answer is "Yes, they are."

Well, there's nothing to stop you from includ-
ing one or two of the Kuei-Jin if you feel you want
to. However, during the Victorian Age, the Kin-
dred of the East still keep very much to themselves.
They concentrate on protecting their lands from
invaders, not infiltrating the West. That's why
we've chosen to exclude them from this book. By
all means, if you'd like Kuei-Jin in your London
chronicle, do it, but remember that Kindred —
even Cathayans — follow mortal trends, not set
them. It's unlikely for a vampire to be a pioneer,
and the immigration that has yet to occur large-
scale in London includes the courts of Golden

Cathay.

Business

Many of the foreign faces seen in London are the
result of the boom in trade with other parts of the world.
London has been a major trading center for centuries,
but as the capital city of the empire, it has expanded
dramatically. The proliferation of docks along the Thames
has expanded to cater for the demand from the trading
companies for harbor space. Goods from all over the
empire are imported into the United Kingdom and then
sold to customers both in the UK and overseas.

Small concerns rapidly grow in size as new markets
open. Elder vampires, used to long-held patterns of trade,

q ah a '
oy, Jd Jo iy 4 IS

are likely to be caught by surprise, especially by younger,
more adaptable Kindred. Influence over London's trades-
men was usually applied through the livery companies —
groups based in the City of London that are dedicated to
a particular trade, such as drapers, goldsmiths and so on.
The new breed of independent trading companies soon
become the predominant economic power in the city,
opening the chance for young vampires to establish their
own fields of influence.

Dublic Services

The Victorians are fascinated by science and engi-
neering. Notable figures in both fields and their
achievements are celebrated and treated almost as tour-
ist attractions. In London, this manifests itself as an
almost continual process of improvement and rebuilding
through the latter decades of the 19th century.

The construction of London's sewer systems, with
vast vaults and underground chambers that put many
great banqueting halls to shame in their scale, and the
beginning of the underground railway systems open up
the potential for new, secure havens for a vampire with
influence in the right places. While the Nosferatu are the
obvious candidates, particularly for the massive sewer
system, many other vampires will realize the potential of
London's growing network of tunnels. Other projects
also offer opportunities, including the building of the
embankments alongside the Thames.

Of course, this burst of construction also brings
threats to havens, both by accident and by design.
London is in acontinual state of redevelopment through
the era. Part of that is due to the expansion of the
railways. Using their powers of compulsory purchase, the
railway companies devastate whole areas of the city and
relocate thousands of people with little or no compensa-
tion. With enough influence applied to the right railway
company, arival's haven can be reduced to rubble and his
hunting ground to little more than a barren tangle of iron
rails. Alternatively, the decision to build a station in the
middle of the vampire's fief will bring thousands of new
residents into the area, making it a far better hunting
ground.

No one vampire could hope to have any singular
influence on all this development. The network of com-
panies and individuals involved and the lack of an
overall governing body make exercising any sort of
dominance over the whole scope of London's develop-
ment impossible in the short term. Given the brief space
of time in which most of the work happens, the long term
simply isn't an option (though that's not to say some
Kindred won't think it is).

y

—" "9

& a 3) a #3)


a ae soe eyo . vii dis = =

mt hk ge GIy VO 4 IE I J i nd 13] ‘s
History ey

A key point to remember about London is that, quite ;
unlike the cities of America, ithas overtwo millenniaof
history to look back on at this point in time, from its early
days as a Roman settlement to its current status at the
heart of the Empire. Mithras stands as a testament to that
history: He's seen the majority of it. Many of the Kindred
in the city can boast histories of at least centuries in
London, if not longer.

ae

The physical environment of the city bears this out,
too. While nothing survives of the Roman era, except
perhaps a few hidden chambers used by Mithras's cultists,
buildings dating back hundreds of years are the norm, not
the exception. Street names hint at histories all but
forgotten. Distaff Lane in the city refers to the street's
history as the place to buy distaffs — staffs used for
spinning — hundreds of years before. The city of 4
Westminster owes its name to a monastery, the West |
Mynster, which stood there a thousand years ago. A little
investigation into the place names of the city can prove
both an invaluable source of plot ideas and further color
for the game. Some books to use as a starting point are
listed in the Introduction.

Currency |

Britain uses an unusual currency system in q
the Victorian era, which has evolved over several
centuries. It is based around three coins: the A
pound, the shilling and the pence.

1 pound = 20 shillings

1 shilling = 12p

Prices are written in the format pound/shil-
lings/pence, so something costing £1/8s/3p costs f
one pound, eight shillings and three pence.

To give an idea of costs during the era, a ‘
trashy paperback book costs a shilling, while a
luxurious meal in a restaurant starts at around £2/

Os/Op. Cabs cost around Ip per minute.

Symbolism

We've already talked about the iconic images of
London: the fog, the clothes, the street urchins and the
cabs. As discussed earlier they can be usedtoease players
into the right frame of mind for the setting, by playing on
their experience of it in films, TV shows and books. You
can go a step further, though, by thinking about the
symbolism that underlies those icons, and the meanings
they can convey to your players.

—_ > CHAPTER FIVE: STORYTELLING

nn ats tra he Le sl hn nln er ep =

‘


_/

Use of symbolism like this is better done too little
than too much, but the Victorian Gothic mood is one of
slightly overblown, florid tale-telling and extensive use
of symbolism is definitely redolent of the period. Some-
thing that would be over the top in modern Vampire may
be just the right effect for a story told in this setting.

Fog

While other cities of the period have their fogs,
London is unique. As Dickens wrote, "Even Paris itself
can occasionally turn out very respectable work in this
way and the American visitor to London will very
probably think, in passing the banks of Newfoundland,
that he has very little to learn on the subject of fog. But
what Mr. Guppy called ‘a London particular' and what is
more usually known to the natives as a ‘pea-souper' will
very speedily dispel any little hallucination of this sort."
The idea of fog in London is so powerful that even today
people come to the city expecting it... and come away
disappointed. It's certainly something you should be
using in the game. However, as something that has such
a powerful resonance, you should think carefully about
how and where you use it: London wasn't foggy all the
time.

The most dramatically appropriate connotation of
fog is its power of concealment. In a thick London fog,
visibility drops to a matter of yards, the traffic slows and
it's easy to become lost, even when the gas lamps are
alight. Those lamps themselves are part of the symbol-
ism: they are half-concealed beacons of hope, always in
danger of being swallowed up in the fog. Fog should
always conjure up a feeling of unease. Anything could be
out there, hidden by the drifting banks. A scene set on a
foggy night where the characters can see nothing beyond
themselves and hear only muffled sounds will have a
profoundly different feel to one that takes place on a
clear, moonlit evening, with perfect visibility. It will
reek of concealment, lies and conspiracy, not to mention
the hidden dangers of such activities.

Remember, too, that London's fogs are the result of
heavy pollution from the surrounding factories, and
untold thousands of fires burning to provide light and
heat to the city. They are far more than mere suspensions
of condensed water in the air. They have a distinct taste
and smell, and often are tinged black or orange instead of
gray. Most mortals, given the choice, stay in on a foggy
night, for the sake of their lungs and their safety. While
vampires do not have the same concerns, they will find
hunting harder on such nights.

These twin messages of concealment and inner
corruption touch neatly on Vampire's themes. So, don't
just use fog as random background, think about the

LONDON BY NIGHT

impact of setting scenes in these infamous pea-soupers
and the extra drama you can create by conjuring up that
alien environment.

Society

When you think of London's people, two images
come to mind. The first is of the ragged street people, the
poverty-stricken of the East End and the other slums.
The second is of the rich, dressed in fine, ornate clothes,
parading around parks, taking cabs and enjoying elegant
balls.

While these two images are far from the whole social
spectrum of the city, they remain a powerful contrast,
and one that has a particular resonance for vampires.
Indeed, London as a city is very much a reflection of
vampiric nature. It presents on its surface a picture of
uprightness, control and civilization, as reflected by the
lives of the upper classes. They enjoy unprecedented
wealth and privilege, and have more leisure time than at
any other period of history. The industrialized society
has brought them freedom and luxury, while destroying
the health of the workers. Underneath the surface lurks
abestial fight for survival, with the people of Whitechapel,
carving out life in an uncaring society, reflecting the
vampire's own inner beast. Women prostitute them-
selves in the street to earn enough money fora doss house
that night. Men drink away the remains of the day's pay,
hoping that there will be work available for them the
next day. Children beg or steal from the gutters.

After the revolutions across Europe only a few de-
cades before, the wealthy and powerful of London have
as much cause to fear their own poor as the vampire does
her predatory nature.

The rich and the poor are conveniently geographi-
cally separated, yet still abut one another, ajuxtaposition
that is easy to exploit to enhance the mood of your
chronicle. Scenes focused on intrigue, politics and civi-
lized discourse should take place among the ornate
buildings and cultured drawing rooms of the city, while
acts of predation and violence are better suited for the
slums, workhouses and opium dens. Once those links are
established in the players' minds, you can start to play
with those expectations to unsettling effect. If a meeting
with one of Anne's aides is arranged in a doss house in the
East End, the players might well expect to find their
characters caught up in violence, but may instead be
forced into a political situation that is every bit as
predatory as the lives of the poor. Equally, the sudden
outbreak of violence in a cultured evening's gathering at
a ballroom in one of the new railway hotels is a powerful
reminder of how thin the veneer of control is with most

vampires.

1
eS

od


ahead

"OU

The City as Vampire

It's worth noting that London itself is effectively a
vampire during this period. It's an enormously wealthy
city, which drives its rapid expansion, but much of that
wealth is not its own. Instead, money flows into its coffers
from the whole of the British Empire. The opulence of
London is financed by the labor of people continents
away, people who have no hope of ever seeing the fruits
of those labors. Within the city, the rich grow richer
through the labors of the masses, and while some unions
have enough power to be able to make a difference, most
of the working classes live a hand-to-mouth existence, as
their health is destroyed in factories for their employer's
gain. London grows rich and powerful by draining its
own people and those of conquered countries. It sucks
their life just as a vampire drains the blood of his prey. By
occasionally reminding the players about these aspects of
the city, you can continually echo the predatory nature
of their characters.

The Undercity

As we mentioned above, London has a lot of history,
and most of it is buried beneath the city. The latest wave

L Wa a? EP? a) *y) af
\ 1 4 ry
ph) ee = iS 3 4 A 7 \y 4

139

of development under the city, from the sewers to the
trains, is just the latest step in creating a whole undercity
that exists below London's muck- and straw-strewn streets.
New buildings are built over the cellars of long-demol-
ished structures. Rivers that once flowed freely through
the countryside now disappear underground. Old caves
and tunnels remain from centuries ago, forgotten by
mortals, but still home to vampires and other, stranger
creatures.

Stories that delve into these dark, hidden places
touch on the hidden history of both the city and its
Kindred inhabitants. They show that there is always
more afoot than is shown on the surface of any story, and
more history behind any action than most people care to
consider. The city itself has seen more secret crimes,
murders and violence than could ever be recorded. Its
older Kindred inhabitants have just as much to hide,
from Anne's diablerie to Mithras's continued need for
Kindred blood. As the characters travel through the
tunnels and caverns, they should have a sense of delving
into both the secrets and the history of the city. By
highlighting the nature and age of the various sections
they pass through you can help enhance that feeling.

CHAPTER FIVE: STORYTELLING

®


LONDON BY NIGHT

fas ad

‘

2 Sk on A yt —?

Traveling underground in a chronicle also reminds
the characters that under the surface of civilized, urbane
London above exists a rougher, nastier, more primitive
world, which the Victorians have buried under their
great works of engineering and construction. Just as with
the contrast between rich and poor, using London's
lower levels hints at the nature of vampires, too, with
their Beasts somewhat hidden by their civilized exteri-
ors, especially in a Camarilla city like London.

Characters

A city is far more about its people than its physical
environment. The supporting cast of your game is the
final piece needed to make a truly believable Victorian
London come to life.

Kindred

Inevitably, the Kindred of London asa whole are not
as tied to this particular era as the mortals. Mithras dates
back to the nearly prehistoric times, and Valerius re-
members the Norman invasion. Others among the
London Camarilla remember the civil war, the Great
Fire and seeing Shakespeare's works upon their first
performances.

However, the aftermath of the Sabbat incursion has
seen a large number of new Embraces, and these neo-
nates are very much of the Victorian era, and the players'
characters are most likely among them. While they can
theoretically come from any part of society, they are most
likely to have an understanding of some of the key new
developments of the age: the railways, experience of the
empire, knowledge of the docks or any of the other
changes that have made London the great city it is. Their
sires seek to take advantage of those innovations. Their
hope is that their childer will provide it.

Mortals

To understand the new vampires of the age, you
have to understand the mindset of the people. For all but
the most wretched of the working people, this is actually
a time of great hope. Science and engineering transform
the lives of everyone. The steam engine is now common-
place, and has made mass transport for all a possibility. By
the end of the era, electricity makes its presence felt.
More significantly, Britain rules much of the world, and
shows no sign of her grip loosening.

For the educated, the world is full of possibility:
Commerce, service in the army or overseas, and entry

nega

i... ‘® oY sy ")
1 i]
a } lr

PP EL WO z

eee a Sea nn

4
ad

into one of the professions make a sustainable and
civilized way of life less of a goal and more of a certainty.
The future is glorious, and the past can be swept away in
its name. Education is the key to unlocking that future,
for Londoners themselves, for their children and even
their servants.

In short, as well as food and a recruiting pool, the
mortals of London are actually a bigger threat to the
Kindred population than they have ever been. No longer
caught in the grip of superstition and fear, they have
accepted rationality and progress and seek to make the
world a better place. They will fail, of course, just as the
British Empire fails, but for this moment, hope and
progress are the watchwords for a nation. If they become
aware of the presence of vampires among them, those
Kindred will be seen as both subjects for learned inquiry
and as a challenge to overcome.

While the Kindred are not likely to give up their
influence over mortal society, they are forced to learn to
be increasingly circumspect as their contacts grow more
powerful.

Class

The class system is very much at the heart of life in
Victorian London. It roughly divides society into three
segments: the upper, middle and lower classes. Each has
their own role to play within society, their own set of
standards and morals and their own living spaces. There
is very little mobility among the classes. However, all
three mix freely on the streets of London and all three
should be present in your story. Class is also at the root
of the problems that afflict Victorian mortals. While
their outlook on the world is one of hope, they seem
unable or unwilling to see the iniquities in their own
society. This is the way it has always been, they reason

quite erroneously, and if we change, we weaken the °

country.
The Upper Classes

The upper class is the traditional aristocracy of the
United Kingdom. Most of the families that count them-
selves as upper class have enjoyed lives of luxury for
centuries. Many of them are independently wealthy and
do not need to work for a living. They hold a certain
degree of power within society, both through the House
of Lords in Parliament and because they are respected
and listened to simply because of their position. While
they have considerable interplay with the upper reaches
of the middle classes, they generally only encounter the
lower classes as servants, cab drivers and other menial
service providers.


Sg

: . , ‘ 1 ‘ Fe
ee fin 7 a me a os ¢ ha > eh eA °
ae r { 1 iJ - - :

be. a I I Sg Seem I yy

The Middle Class

The middle class is the great success story of the
Victorian era. It is mostly made up of professionals —
lawyers, accountants, surveyors, doctors and vicars —
and wealthy businessmen. The two groups work with
each other, and generally respect each other, too. They
are the driving economic heart of London in this period,
both generating wealth through their companies and
paying themselves a comfortable wage. The upper reaches
of the middle classes live adjacent to the upper classes in
the great terraced streets of central London, while the
lower reaches are the residents of the new suburbs that
have developed in the last twenty years. Most aspire to
the privileges and status of the upper classes, even if they
reject their lifestyle. The middle classes tend to have
strong work ethics, committed moral (often Christian)
beliefs and the traditional family structure that most
people today mean when they talk about Victorian
values.

The Lower Class

The workers of London who keep the docks bustling
and the factories in business have not profited from their
toil. Their employers, who can easily replace them if any
problems occur, see most workers as a disposable asset. A
q i small number of trades, most notably the dockworkers,
a are unionized enough that they can demand better con-

ditions, but it's the exception rather than the rule. The

lower classes accept a life where much employment is by

the day, and damaging their health, and which barely

q A é provides enough money to live. All the members of the

family work, including the children. Most live within
4  \ ys easy walking distance of their place of work.

CHAPTER FIVE: STORYTELLING

a SO im tm RN SNR AA RI 8 on a ee


ACITY SOURCEBOOK FOR VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE?

THE DOMAIN OF MITHRAS

Fog-shrouded streets conceal a myriad of crimes — but not all of them are a
Kindred's doing. In the greatest city of the empire, untold horrors breed in cobbled
alleyways and scheme on the estates of the Kindred gentry. For every exaltation Prince
Mithras receives, a myriad of evils fester behind the scenes, and it's only a matter of time
before they boil to the surface.

LONDON BY NIGHT INCLUDES:

e An opportunity to support or oppose one of the most powerful princes in history
e A breadth of Victorian Age antagonists, pitting your characters against a-broad
array of threats from the mundane to the supernatural

e A thrilling setting for a generation-spanning chronicle that leads to the moder nights

ISBN 1-58846-230-7
WW2471 $19.95 USS.
| IT 51995

VATE Ii

oe

WHITE WOLF