# File: Victorian Age Companion.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Ann Sullivan Braidwood, Mark Cenczyk, Genevieve
Cogman, Daniel I. Quackenbush, Mikko Rautalahti
and W. Van Meter
Vampire created by Mark Reinetlagen

Written by: Ann Sullivan Braidwood (Victorian Characters), Mark
Cenczyk (The Twilight Globe), Genevieve Cogman (The Stories of the
Age), Daniel L. Quackenbush (The Practical Arts), Mikko Rautalahti (The
Night Society and Beyond) and W. Van Meter (Behind the Fagade) Vampire
and the World of Darkness created by Mark Reine Hagen

Additional Material by: Adam Tinworth (Docks: The Lifeblood of Civilization)

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Reine Hagen

Developed by: Bruce Baugh

Editor: Janice Sellers

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Ron Thompson

Interior Art: Mike Danza, Guy Davis, Matt Mitchell, Christopher Shy
and Andrew Trabbold

Front Cover Art: Christopher Shy

Front & Back Cover Design: Ron Thompson

Acknowledgements

Ken "Hey There" Cliffe and Justin "Kick Some Ass" Achilli for the
totally unexpected opportunity.

Bryan "Have a Cookie" Armor and the usual gang for encouragement at
just the right times.

Adam "It's Not In Yorkshire" Tinworth and Alejandro "He Wasn't That
Bad" Melchor, for comments on Chapter Two.

WVM and JR thank Critter Casaubon and Kram Diotallevi for invalu-
able research assistance, Wawa and the Happy Ninja for energy, and Mike

for having dual citizenship.

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the
written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews,
and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the
Reckoning, World of Darkness errant a tered trademarks of White Wolf Publish-
ing, Inc. All rights reserved. Wer e ypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crus ¢ Great War
Trinity, Victorian Age Vampire and Victorian Age Companion are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge
to the trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and
supernatural elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book
contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF

Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com;alt.games.whitewolfand rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

1954 LITTON DR
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

PUBLISHING


Table of Contents

Introduction

Chapter One: Behind the Fagade

Chapter Two: The Twilight Globe

Chapter Three: The Night Society and Beyond
| Chapter Four: The Stories of the Age
Chapter Five: Victorian Characters

Chapter Six: The Practical Arts



Introduction

Those in the ribs Of ory,

Tho, i he glob bat,
Waite sy
Tn tho: dash of atoraity Neel, —

- TF rantis MN ths inch,
Tie Blo Mas

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

One always has something more to say about the world, and particularly
about an era as rich as the milieu of Victorian Age: Vampire. This book
gathers together some supplemental thoughts on matters already touched
on and introduces some brand-new topics.

A historical era is not simple: the millions of people who inhabit a city
and the dozens or hundreds of millions spread across a continent don't all
do the same things or think the same thoughts. Every society has its trends,
the things that a great many people do and think, but exceptions and
alternatives always exist. Furthermore, even with the Victorian age's
unprecedented ease of communication and travel, more than one society is
active in the world.

Players of Vampire know the difference between general tendency and
specific detail when it comes to vampiric characters. Every Ventrue has
some sort of feeding restriction, but each Ventrue has a somewhat different
restriction. Every Toreador is susceptible to the lure of beauty, but each
Toreador has the freedom to decide how to feel about that vulnerability and
finds beauty in somewhat different places. Every Brujah has the potential for
relatively easy mastery of Potence, but not every Brujah actually develops
it. So it is with each of the clans: their general strengths and weaknesses
shape characters only so far. Individual history and outlook determine what
the potential means in the individual's existence.

That's true of societies as well.

torian England is very much a Christian society, but not all of its
inhabitants are Christians. Some poor people reject all faith as the perni-
cious lies their would-be masters tell to distract them just as some poor
people cling to their faith for hope in the midst of great suffering. Some
prospering middle-class merchants believe their success flows from God's
blessing in accordance with Scriptural promises that God rewards the
virtuous, and right next door are merchants who make a show of piety but
believe their success proves that only hard work and good fortune matter.
Some aristocrats believe themselves chosen by God and charged with the
grave responsibility of governing in a just and holy manner, others believe
themselves given power by God to do whatever they wish, and still others
believe that religion is a convenient story to tell the lower classes so as to
keep them in their place. Ongoing scientific revolutions lead some to doubt
their former convictions and simultaneously fill others with a renewed sense
of divine order beneath sometimes chaotic appearances. People being
people, they usually cover the gamut of imaginable responses to the
circumstances of their time.

Nor, of course, do they just sit around and respond. They each make the
times, in their various ways. The despairing and doubting pickpocket who
curses God and Queen when arrested inspires one wealthy observer with the
scornful sense that the slums need better propaganda and another with the
compassionate sense that the lords of the realm must do much better with
their God-given authority. Often the message each receives reinforces their

respective preexisting convictions, but not always: flashes of inspiration
may strike at any moment, and from those moments whole new social
movements sometimes spring. The sum of daily experience shapes what
people look forward to, dread, reminisce nostalgically for or just overlook.

Victorian Age: Vampire can be a richer, deeper, more rewarding game
when players and Storytellers allow room for diversity. "Most" isn't "all,"
and gaming is more like life itself when surprises and contradictions can


emerge. This book is filled with historical and fictional
characters (and groups) who run contrary to prevailing
trends. Some have inherited legacies from past societies
now almost gone, while others hope to build a future in
their own image. Some just are what they are and don't
worry about fitting in. The art of capturing a society's
richness lies in balancing the general truths with specific
exceptions such as these.

The counterpart to the mistaken belief that social
norms have no exceptions is the belief that there are no
norms. In the real 19th century, some ideas and practices
were in fact more common than others. The same is true
of the fictional communities of the Kindred. While
exotic bloodlines and esoteric secret societies do exist,
they are rare. Most of the brood of Caine go their whole
existence without ever encountering some of the tiny
populations covered here, and characters who are part of
the tiny populations must be resigned to being perpetual
outsiders. The guardians of the norm do not fall all over
themselves to welcome outsiders just because they're
player characters, anymore than they engage in pointless
persecution for want of the wits to see that outsiders can
have their place, too.

From Lost Past to Unknown Future

When we look back at the past, we can see how the
events of one year helped prepare the ground for the
events of the next, and how trends emerged, matured and
finally passed. When we're immersed in things, we don't
have that advantage. Even characters with prophetic
powers see the future only in part, as a matter of potential
and symbols more than as a collection of solid, reliable
data, and few characters are genuinely oracular. Rapid
change constantly creates situations nobody was pre-
pared for and nobody actually wanted.

The Sense of Mission

For instance, at the start of the nineteenth century,
city governments were almost always small and unimpos-
ing organizations, staffed by well known local authorities
mostly for the honor of the thing. Within just a few
generations, the cities in the midst of the Industrial
Revolution grew by orders of magnitude in population
and became much more complex — not just larger but
with a great many more kinds of activity going on. Later
critics could point to the desirability of zoning regula-
tions, pollution restrictions, coordinated schooling and
social services and many other steps to spread the ben-
efits of industrialization while controlling the problems
as much as possible. None of that was obvious to the
people on the spot, however. The early captains of
industry were just as surprised by much of what happened
as everyone else, and most were no better prepared to
deal with the surprises.

Atall levels, most political and economic power in
the Victorian age rests in the hands of people who don't
quite know what they're doing. They're not all stupid
bumblers, it's just that the world keeps changing and
nobody in authority really knows for sure what is now
happening, as opposed to what they can find out about
what was happening a little while ago. When reliable
information is in short supply, the people who must make
decisions fill the deficit with their own convictions,
whether warranted or not. This explains why so many
decisions seem ill-considered in retrospect. They are ill-
considered, and nobody else in the position could actually
have had much more information than the people stuck
there and then.

Much of the Victorian yearning for and admiration
of certainty and permanence begins with the quiet rec-
ognition of the unavoidably dubious and ephemeral
nature of modern life. People in any age seldom need to

The Victorian era abounds with grand schemes. Almost everyone in the midst of the industrial
revolution or watching it from outside can answer these two questions:

© What's wrong with the world? It may be as simple and personal as "I don't have enough of the money
going around," orasgrand and complex as "there is no universal government promulgating true Christian

socialism."

© What needs to happen next? Depending on the individual's analysis of the problem, it may be a get-
tich-quick scheme, a campaign to build a new political party and gain control of Parliament, or anything
in between. Just as Victorian architecture runs to the very ornate, so do personal plans. Anything too simple
would seem suspicious, whereas complexity shows quality of thought to most Victorian schemers.

A great deal of Victorian culture makes more sense when you realize that it's full of people who think
that the bigger and more involved the scheme, the more desirable it is


be exhorted to do what they're already doing: sober
people need few lectures about the perils of drunkenness.
The Victorian fascination with solid, unchanging social
order is so strong precisely because many Victorians
know, whether they'd ever admit to others, that very
little of their world can be counted on to stay put. Some
people respond to this knowledge by trying to seize
control of change from behind the scenes, others by
retreating into their own little worlds they can manage
more thoroughly than they can the world at large.
Almost everyone who stops to think about his own
personal history and environment at all feels the under-
lying doubt and must respond to it in some manner.

What's in This Book

* Chapter One: Behind the Facade covers secret
societies. It begins with a general overview of the major
forces in (real and alleged) secret history, particularly the
Knights Templars and the Rosicrucians, and goes on to
describe a wide variety of secret societies ready for use in
achronicle. Each one comes with information about its
history and current activities as of the 1880s—1890s, ways
vampires may be involved with it and resources available
to its members. The chapter concludes with mechanical
guidelines for measuring characters' involvement in a
faction of any secret society in terms of pooled Back-
ground ratings: how to decide the faction's initial
resources, how to measure its progress or decline and how
factions fight against one another for control of con-
tested assets.

© Chapter Two: The Twilight Globe supplements
Chapter Four of Victorian Age: Vampire with more
details about the world around Victorian London, both
inside the British empire and beyond. A general descrip-
tion of each continent precedes comments on specific
points of interest and overviews of noteworthy Kindred
courts. The vampiric domains covered here range from
continental centers of power to barren outposts of the
brood of Caine where adventurous or desperate indi-
viduals pursue their individual destinies far from the
mainstream of their kind's existence. Some material that
isn't strictly geographical in focus, such as the ways the
regimentation of factory life affects leisure time, apply to
many parts of the world.

© Chapter Three: The Night Society and Beyond
offers a variety of potential allies and antagonists, from
Kindred mad scientists and their peculiar creations to
monsters of the animal and plant kingdoms. It also
includes a wide selection of vampire hunters with which
Storytellers can complicate the existence of overly com-
placent characters (and which can serve as fodder for a
chronicle in which PCs are themselves mortal vampire

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

hunters). Here are bold searchers of the unknown, dread-
ful nemeses and a sinister power alluded to in the annals
of Sherlock Holmes.

© Chapter Four: The Stories of the Age explains
how Victorian horror stories are put together and takes
them apart again to show Storytellers how to run stories
in their chronicles that work like various sorts of gothic
literature: ghost tales, tales of bad places and more. Each
entry comes with a checklist of concerns and ready-made
examples that provide an in-character hook (which the
Storyteller can use as is or modify to taste), lay out a
premise and suggest paths of development and conclu-
sion.

© Chapter Five: Victorian Characters covers a
smorgasbord of related topics. It includes descriptions of
several bloodlines: the Caitiff, the Daughters of Ca-
cophony, the Gargoyles, the Kiasyd, the Salubri and the
Samedi. Each group occupies a distinct niche in Victo-
rian Kindred society and enjoys unique opportunities
which will be lost in the times between the Twilight Era
and the Final Nights. If you think you know all there is
to know abut the bloodlines and have dismissed them ...
look again. In addition, this chapter discusses details of
abilities and backgrounds distinctive to the Victorian
era, from the uses of Drive in Victorian times to the
special importance of Contacts as the Industrial Revolu-
tion continues. While Disciplines work the same on the
mechanical level in the Twilight Era as they do in the
Final Nights, they sometimes mean different things; here
you'll find comments on the theological implications of
Animalism, the consequences of London's air quality for
Obfuscate and more matters of that nature. Finally, afew
new merits and flaws reflect aspects of Victorian Cainite
circumstances that can't readily be quantified in other
ways.

© Chapter Six: The Practical Arts is brief but no
less important for that. It describes the changing start of
the art in various technological fields, including trans-
portation, communication and lighting. Find out more
about what your character has seen and done in the
world, and how things continue to change all around.
The descriptions also include brief looks ahead at the
innovations that will follow in the early 20th century,
fodder for omens, invention and astute responses of other
sorts. Finally, the book concludes with some tips on
doing historical research and the pitfalls that can most
readily drag a historical game down into tedium or other
unsatisfactory outcomes.

How to Use This Book

With grace, style and tremendous mutual enjoy-
ment, of course ....


As always with new material of this sort, players and
Storytellers should read it carefully and discuss what they
want to add to their particular chronicles. The new rules
here don't give characters a lot of kewl new powers, but
they do provide more detailed guidelines for handling
some character interactions with rivals and victims, and
they can change the flavor of the game.

The bloodlines increase the range of options avail-
able to players for vampire lineages, but they're all rare
and not guaranteed to appear in any particular domain or
fief. Storytellers may prefer not to use them at all, or to
keep them as Storyteller characters.

The emphasis of the historical and cultural coverage
in this book is on increasing understanding and opportu-
nities for characters to do interesting things appropriate
to their circumstances, but again, every new datum can
change a chronicle's overall tone. "Different" doesn't
have to be either "better" or "worse," but it is certainly
not the same.

In every case, take this book as a set of additional
possibilities rather than requirements. You do not betray
the spirit of Victorian Age: Vampire by declining to use
a bit of description or a rule that doesn't fit the style you
have in mind. Many gamers find it better to add new
elements slowly, with time to evaluate the effect each
one has on play, and if you prefer not to rush any changes
you wish to make, don't rush them. Conversely, go slowly
in deciding "no, no, definitely not." Particularly if a
player requests the addition of something in this book
that seems as though it might jeopardize another part of
the chronicle, discuss it before reaching a final decision.
Players who want to lobby for a change should be pre-
pared to explain calmly and clearly how it fits the game
and adds something worthwhile; Storytellers should be
prepared to listen fairly and remain open to the possibil-
ity of fresh insight. The right answer for any given troupe
is the one that leads to more fun for everyone involved.

INTRODUCTION



_ ter One:
behind te
ty

oret ue , al aC bah ty go fit an Noe COStiYNeS, hh
pots

fll (0M, ae ee? G9 the Ta at
centuries in un (ie 7 oe ee he

enor gl ions on iN, dri
ai shea coat Cm in Aa
oes ee rats Ho ea 6 order was fade

lip a, ce Ca Cwsy,
ial Or ons. Com ob hines, an
x ts pest tote hae fons eS the Cataco Pl
"Paris il Rov ue the stones of the Di Lote he
Chinese Gpret Hed ng He tong te "ate a
Fe Ta Ags the om ian "Pir yr ne "fe
a Lika "re, Thay Del y ( Ditinay

Bierce's definition satirically rendered a widespread phenomenon among
secretand occult societies: the tendency to associate themselves retrogressively
with ancient cultures and older secret societies. Certainly, it seems that
claiming association with the Knights Templar and the Rosicrucians is
practically a prerequisite for the formation of an acceptable secret society. Is it
simply a matter of modern men hoping the mystery and reputed power of these
fabled orders will rub off on them, or do these two groups truly loom so large
in the occult history of mankind that they have spawned countless other
orders? The reality of the situation is that so many groups have for so long
pursued revisionist agendas in regard to their descent from Templarism and
Rosicrucianism that it is practically impossible to ascertain what the true
dispositions of these groups may have been, beyond the well documented
public activities of the medieval Knights Templar and the agreed-upon, if not
factual, tenets of historical Rosicrucianism.

What Suits the Chronicle

Each element of this book is optional, to be added toa
particular chronicle if and only if the Storyteller and players wish
to do so. That dictum is true of every element of every game book,
but the point bears repetition here. Some chronicles will benefit
greatly from the addition of the whole range of conspiracies and
movements presented here, and those chronicles should include
themall. Some will benefit from including just a few of the groups
and suggested mechanics; they should use just those pieces. Some
chronicles take up themes which would only be undermined by the
presence of secret societies; they shouldn't use anything that will
disrupt their focus.

Thischapter draws on real history (and real assertions by.
people who were probably lying, mistaken or otherwise detached
from the truth), the history of the World of Darkness and fresh
invention. No chronicle is "truer" for including everything here or
"false" for setting parts aside. Every chronicle creates its)own
version of the World of Darkness through the selection of settings,
characters and events at the outset and through the way they
change in play. This chapter should open up fresh vistas rather
than drag you places you don't want to go in the chronicle you
participate in.

Templarism © Rosicrucianism

The Rosicrucians, or the Order of the Rose and Cross, or the Order of
the Rosy Cross (there are countless opposing versions of both the name and
the history of the order) is said to have been founded at an unknown time
in Germany by a probably-fictional Christian Rosenkrutz, who in turn
rather predictably was founding his order to preserve a yet-older tradition.
The modern order, the source of most of the above, can be traced to the
publication of the Fama Fraternitatis in 1614, the first Rosicrucian mani-
festo. The order's nebulous doctrine is one of guiding humanity toward
spiritual enlightenment and truth, and fairy-tale notions of battling the
enemies of the Light (presumably the Light's soldiers are the Rosicrucians
and their allies). Further clouding the issue, the order claims that


Rosicrucianism is initiatory, rather than being a doctri-
nally traditional and organized group, and that formal
orders only form sporadically and as membership and the
times demand. Rather hard to pin down any solid facts in
all this ephemera, other than the existence of would-be
heirs to the tradition here and there throughout the 17th
through 19th centuries. The term "Rosicrucian" is rooted
in the Latin words "rosae" and "crux," or rose cross, and
the livery of the Knights Templar was a red cross on a
white field.

The Templars' 200-year history is a cautionary tale
for those who would seek to gain influence and power in
Europe, in Victorian times and later. The Poor Fellow
Knights of Christ and the Temple of Solomon, the
Knights Templar, were a militant monastic order formed
near the end of the First Crusade with the aim of
protecting pilgrims en route to the Holy Land. The
Templars also took the first steps that led, some say, to
modern banking. Circumventing the usury laws of the
time that restricted money-lending to Jews, the Knights
could take a traveler's money or assets at one end of a
pilgrimage route in exchange for a chit or token, which
could be redeemed at the other end of the pilgrimage.
This seems simple enough to the modern mind, but at the
time it was quite the innovation. Coupled with two
centuries of very wise investments in infrastructure de-
velopmentand ready loans to powerful figures, the Knights
Templar made themselves very rich, very powerful, and
very much a target. A joint effort by Pope Clement and
French King Philip the Fair saw the Templars accused of
heresy, tried and killed. Grand Master Jacques de Molay,
the last known leader of the Templars, was burned in
1314.

At this point historical fact ends, and the myth and
mystery of the Templar legacy begin. It is said that as he
was about to burn, de Molay cursed his accusers and
invited Clement and Philip to meet him in the afterlife
within the year. Details of the trials and accusations
against the order centered on supposed heresy and black
occult practices. Did magical secrets really exist in the
Templar Order, or were the heresy charges a way for the
supposedly bankrupt Philip to seize the Templars' vast
wealth? Did certain members of the Poor Fellow Knights
of Christ and the Temple of Solomon escape capture
with aid from secret allies and go underground? Many
theories, and actually a great deal of amusing, if not
trustworthy, evidence, abound to support all manner of
supposed conspiracies about the continuation of the
Templar Order.

Pope Clement died a month after Jacques de Molay's
execution, King Philip seven months after that.

Freemasonry, which predictably claims association
with the Knights Templar and the Rosicrucians, presents
its own odd problems and possible sources of confusion to
the scholar of secret and fraternal societies, due to its
popularity and the pervasiveness of its membership.
Virtually every other notable society has members who
are also members of fraternal Masonic groups, and in fact
many groups require that potential initiates are already
Freemasons. To add fuel to the fire, many groups are
splinter factions of Masonry or borrow heavily from
Masonic traditions in their own practices.

None of this is unique to Freemasonry, however.
Freemasonry is simply the clearest example of what is a
widespread trend among secret societies: very few people
are members of just one group. You can go so far as to say
that secret societies are a subculture in and of them-
selves, and not as individual groups. "Secret society
culture" rewards those who can claim to know the most
secrets and belong to the most hidden orders. Most, if not
all, of these groups have very strong social or fraternal
components to their foundations, so they can function as
purely social outlets for their members, like gentleman's
clubs with occult or political overtones. All this means
that different groups work better for different activities,
and that groups compete with one another for prestigious
members and their own status as organizations. By join-
ing one group, a young man can encounter among his
fellow members those who are also members of many
other groups, which he can further join himself and
perpetuate what is a terribly complicated matrix of social
attachments and circles. Consider also that very large or
very secretive organizations can additionally have sub-
groups and inner circles within the single parent society,
and one begins to see both the complexity and also
homogeneity of this culture.

To Kindred, this should all seem terribly familiar —
so much so that it is a simple, and correct, assumption to
make that secret society culture is often more fingers
than pie. Why shouldn't Kindred use this for their own
ends? Secretive cabals who pursue influence in a wide
variety of areas and who are hungry for knowledge or
assistance against real or perceived foes are as close to
perfect a vehicle for Kindred manipulation as could be
asked for.

More significantly, to the vampire seeking to make
his mark on society, these secret groups are commonly
active at night. The restraints of work schedules and the
desire for secrecy (be it warranted or merely theatrics)
make them an unprecedented portal to the doings of the
daytime world. More people are active into the night-
time hours than ever before. A nighttime meeting of
upper-class gentlemen at an elegant chapter house or

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


member's drawing room is a new and very welcome
occurrence for careful vampires seeking to pass among
mortals without drawing attention. Conversely, masked
and robed occultists meeting for arcane rites in cavern-
ous basements are obviously predisposed toward the
nocturnal schedules of the dead.

The Freemasons

For a secret society, the Freemasons enjoy a strange
trait: practically everyone has heard of them. Their
status as a secret society owes more to the fact that they
don't tell anyone what they're doing than any effort to
conceal their existence. Despite the fact that they are the
least secret of secret societies, they are probably the most
widespread and likely the most influential. Part of the
reason for this pervasive nature is the fact that Masonry
is made up of an often bewildering array of overlapping
and related groups, all operating under the aegis of the
tradition of Freemasonry, and not a unified doctrinal
organization. The York Rite, Scottish Rite (which isn't
Scottish), Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite, Recti-
fied Scottish Rite and a great many more groups have
historically formed, developed parallel to one another,
splintered, rejoined or assimilated other groups and so
forth over a span of almost two centuries.

Overall, Freemasonry shares a common traditional
and ideological foundation, despite the seeming chaos of
names and orders. At ground level, so to speak, Masonry
is organized into local lodges that gather for meetings and
events at a meeting room or lodge house. The day-to-day
business of these lodges is mostly concerned with plan-
ning charitable works and awarding memberships and
degrees, or studying for the initiation tests that members
must pass for the new degrees. This generally involves, at
the basic levels, memorization of some symbolic knowl-
edge, secret grips and words and the like.

In practical terms, Masonry is just what it bills itself
as: a fraternal organization, a social outlet and a contact
and mutual support network for its members. It seeks to
encourage certain good moral beliefs and charitable
work. As with any exclusive organization, however,
other things happen as a consequence of the union.
Masons back each other on business or political endeav-
ors, work to ensure the promotion or hiring of brother
Masons in industries in which they have influence and
combat those things in society that they find undesir-
able. The dark side of Freemasonry is no different than
the dark side of any large group in this regard: Freema-
sonry seeks to increase its strength and cement its
preeminence as a league of powerful men. Because they
are so well placed and insular, many of those who wish to
excel in life feel they must become Freemasons.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

It isa commonplace of high society that membership
is a guaranteed way to achieve success, and not entirely
untrue. Many members thus join simply to use Masonry
as a stepping-stone, because without membership they
have a ceiling to how high they might rise in society.
Unfortunately, these men eventually find themselves in
positions of leadership and respect in Freemasonry at
large, making their views true regardless of whether they
were to begin with.

Masonic Mysticism

Although often marginalized, a mysti-
cal thread runs through the tradition. In
years past it was much more significant,
drawing inspiration primarily, from
Rosicrucianism. Unique and central to Free-
masonry is the probably mythic Hiram,
Master Builder of the Temple of Solomon.
His murder at the hands of laborers attempt-
ing to extort from him the secrets of Masonry
is the central event reenacted in allegorical
form during the ceremonial elevation to
Master Mason. He remains a central sym-
bolic figure, representing death before
dishonor, struggle against base urges, the
labors of the righteous for the good of all and
so forth. All of thisis largely seen as theatrics
in the Victorian era, most lodges being little
more than' comfortable places to have a
cigar.

Freemasonry is also a breeding ground for splinter
groups, special-interest factions, Masonic inner circles,
non-Masonic societies and more. It would be safe to say
that a majority of Masons are also members of one or
more subgroups or outside societies, and can often find
themselves at odds with other groups who are themselves
operating within Freemasonry. French Masonry, for ex-
ample, is characterized by revolutionary or
collectivist-empowerment politics and is at odds with
English Masonry, which is more interested in keeping
power and influence in the hands of an elite minority.
Add to this mix various adherents to Masonic occult or
ideological systems and their subfactions, and it becomes
apparent that Freemasonry as a whole is hardly the
monolithic institution that many perceive it to be.
Wheels turn within wheels, often overlapping and often
in conflict socially or politically, and an initiate can
almost always rise to another tier or circle.


5g

Wheels within Wheels

The many permutations and varieties of Freema-
sonry could fill this entire chapter (and, some might
argue, all the groups in this chapter are Masonic). When
most people refer to Freemasonry, they mean what is
called the Blue Lodge, what could be thought of as "outer
Masonry." This is the rank and file fraternal member-
ship. Blue Lodge Masonry awards only three degrees of
membership: Entered Apprentice, Fellowcraft and Mas-
ter Mason. In many lodges, only Master Masons are
involved in meetings and decision-making, though Free-
masonry claims that degrees are not a hierarchy of
control or a ranking system. The Master Mason who
currently presides over a local lodge is called Worshipful
Master, and the regional lodge, which oversees many
lodges, is called a grand lodge. In America, for example,
every state has one grand lodge.

The so-called Red Lodge of Freemasonry is the more
esoteric arm and awards degrees up to 33, and some say
beyond. Red Lodge Masonry is generally associated with
the York Rite, but the term may apply to any appendant
body of the organization that awards degrees beyond the
foundational three. Historians argue that the various
Red Lodge factions sought to increase the number of
degrees as a means of exerting social pressure on a large
membership toward the end of consolidating power in an
elite and tested few. In many cases the term Red Lodge
is applied to any facet of Freemasonry that is more secret
or mysterious, of which the public at large is supposedly
unaware.

Opportunities

All of these traits — the multiple factions, the
semipublic and favorable reputation, the subtle conflicts
and tensions — make the tradition of Freemasonry an
attractive cover for outside powers, be they Kindred,
other secret societies or something more sinister. Who is
going to notice yet another quiet faction when set
against the backdrop of a Masonic lodge? Bystanders are
used to seeing gentlemen come and go at night, en route
to their well respected and charitable organization's
meetings. By using Masonry as a front, practically all of
the pitfalls of operating a conspiracy are neatly filled.
Secrecy, odd symbols or schedules and the like can be
explained away as the doing of those upright but eccen-
tric Freemasons. When joined with the fact that the law
is often loath to investigate Masons (or, in many cases,
the law is Masons), it becomes obvious just how attrac-
tive Freemasonry can be asa shield. Consequently, many
have taken it up as just such a defense, and Masonic
lodges are used as blinds and recruiting grounds for all
manner of covert activity.

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


The Enlightened Society of the
Weeping Moon

America has its share of secret societies, premier
among them the Enlightened Society of the Weeping
Moon. The society has much in common with Freema-
sonry, from which it is almost doubtless descended. It is
secret, like the Masons, in that it does not publicize its
rites and doings to nonmembers; it is deeply involved in
charitable works and is a powerhouse in political and
social influence. It is said, by those in positions to discuss
such matters, that the society does, or could, have a great
many of its members in Congress, or indeed in the
Presidency itself. This is because part of the doctrine of
the Weeping Moon is social prominence; members are
actively encouraged to pursue social and political agen-
das and to strive to become vital parts of high society.

Also like the Masons, the Enlightened Society
preaches a doctrine of the betterment of humanity, and
the empowering pursuit of truth and mastery over the
world. Unlike Freemasonry, however, the society is so-
cially progressive. Membership is open to both men and
women, and no restrictions exist on race or faith. This
openness is at odds with the directive toward social
prominence, however, at the London chapter. Such
egalitarian attitudes are a bit much for London society
and are seen as quaint and naive by the peerage. The
society is eager to assist its members in pursuit of agendas
in London, however, and as eager to assist the members
it has attracted from Great Britain.

Also unlike the Masons, the Weeping Moon is
steeped in spiritualism. Its goals have been summed up as
"Progress through mysticism." So committed are they to
this pursuit that all members must have a full lunar
horoscope drawn up when they are initiated, and the
horoscope is used to divine which of the society's castes
the member becomes a part of. This practice is emblem-
atic of the Enlightened Society's focus on lunar occultism
and symbolism, and the fertility magic associated with
lunar deities and occult systems. The Weeping Moon's
scholars are among the world's foremost within this
specialty, and they have wasted no time in developing
contacts with those in and around London who wish to
trade occult knowledge of this nature. A special focus to
the society is working to gather and study information
about the practices of ancient cultures of Britain with
lunar deities, and many Celtic and Druidic revival groups
have been wooed to alliance with the Weeping Moon
with the offer of access to the society's huge libraries of
agricultural and sexual rituals.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

—

Enlightened Society Castes and Titles

Members of the Weeping Moon Society are placed
in castes based on their lunar horoscopes, to best make
use of their supposed natural tendencies and talents.

© Absent Moons are the innovators of the society,
those who question the assumptions of others and lead
them to new understanding.

© Horned Moons, named for the horned appearance
of the crescent moon, are the moral core of the Enlight-
ened Society. They are mystics, collectors of lore and
leaders.

¢ Balance Moons are charged with using rationality
and foresight to manage the society and its financial
endeavors, and to plan for the future.

© Nascent Moons are the most varied caste, its
members the most sociable and charismatic of the En-
lightened Society. They are its diplomats, orators and
barristers.

¢ Harvest Moons, rarest of the castes, are the
security force of the Weeping Moon and its muscle in the
rare times such a thing is called for.

Titles and offices in the Enlightened Society of the
Weeping Moon are merit-based and of a simple pyrami-
dal hierarchy.

© Acolytes or Initiates are the common members at
the bottom of the pyramid.

Revealer of Mysteries is an honorific title given to
a deserving member who has distinguished herself. The
title brings with it the right to form a new chapter if the
member so desires, and members who do so are called
Malviosins. A small region, such as an American state,
is overseen by a Circle of Stars, a council of respected
members who have achieved a great deal of occult power
and discipline. A larger region and its Circles of Stars is
presided over by a Tender of Lunar Lore, of which only
a dozen or so exist.

¢ The Most Enlightened Master, the Grand
Unveiler of Mysteries presides at the top of the pyramid.
The current Most Enlightened Master is Lloyd
Fairweather, a staggeringly charismatic and well liked
American businessman whose mastery of his society's
occult practices is unparalleled.

Tobias Lane is the Revealer of Mysteries of the
London chapter. Lane is an incredibly charming and
classically educated American, if a bit of an open Anglo-
phile, and has done his best to ingratiate himself with
many influential upper-class merchants and a few lesser
aristocracy. He spares no expense in his attempts to
impress and regularly throws lavish parties and contrib-
utes to charitable societies for their fund-raising balls.


Opportunities

For a London Kindred, the Society of the Weeping
Moon isa promising and rare opportunity. It has a strong
power base in America but is new and actively seeking
allies and members in London. The members would be
grateful to anyone who could help get them established.
Additionally, they are willing to assist members who
wish to develop contacts or influence in America. A
major drawback, however, is part of the society's doc-
trine, known only tothe upper ranks, of freeing humanity
from the oppression of paranormal beings. The Weeping
Moon knows a great deal about the monsters that prey on
men and actively works to undermine and destroy what
"monsters" it finds. This doctrine is focused almost
entirely on rooting out and killing lycanthropes and
beast-men, and most of the society's knowledge is of
them. Still, Kindred meddling in the Weeping Moon's
affairs had best tread carefully: the society's Horned and
Nascent Moon castes hold real occult power.

Secrets

The higher a member rises in the Enlightened Soci-
ety of the Weeping Moon, the less the organization looks
like an upright and moral one. The sacred rites, already
a bit shocking with blood and sexual practices, become
more dark and violent. The occult teachings reveal
themselves to be twisted and unlike what the outer
doctrine would have everyone think, and the seemingly
selfless charitable work is seen to be part of a larger plan
of complete societal domination and control. The En-
lightened Society is in service to dark, otherworldly
forces, forces that the leadership knowingly and blasphe-
mously serves.

Worse yet, their rites and occult practices truly
work, having been taught to them by the servants of the
things that the society serves. Practitioners can traffic
with twisted creatures of the spirit realms and use their
divinations and second sight to lay men's souls bare for
examination. The most advanced leaders have given
themselves wholly over to the forces of corruption and
destruction.

Destiny

After Lloyd Fairweather's accidental death in a
printing press in the early 1900s, the Enlightened Soci-
ety slowly withers and disappears, its members looting its
coffers and stores of occult knowledge and vanishing
from history. Revealer of Mysteries Tobias Lane of the
London chapter becomes a notable member of the Princes
of Tiernmas (detailed elsewhere in this chapter) and its
offspring, the Pretanic Order. He is gruesomely mur-

dered by unidentified assailants while revisiting America
during the Second World War.

The Order of the
Oriental Fellowship

A lesser-known occult and fraternal society, the
Oriental Fellowship is best known for its frequent fic-
tionalized mention in the colorfully morbid detective
tales published by member Dr. Nigel Morrisby. The
Fellowship was formed by the now-decrepit Lord Craven
during his youth with the aim of uncovering the secret
behind a supposedly magical system he calls the Pretanic
Keys, the source of which he has allowed the members of
the order to form their own theories about but never
elaborated upon himself. What is known is that as a
young man Lord Craven came into possession of enough
of the system to arouse his considerable curiosity, but not
enough to work with. His regular meetings with occult-
minded associates grew over time into a formal network
and eventually the Order of the Oriental Fellowship.

In pursuit of their quest the order's members have
accumulated a goodly amount of general knowledge of
all things spiritual, along with many early misconcep-
tions about Asian mysticism from which they
unfortunately drew their name, and have an excellent
reputation as occult researchers. So good, in fact, that
membership in the order is quite an honor among college
professors, museum researchers and other respectable
academics, and members of the order frequently give
lectures to classes studying the religious and spiritual
practices of ancient cultures. This reputation has gone
far toward lending the Fellowship a certain fraternal or
Masonic air, and members have undertaken charitable
works and scholarship programs for the benefit of educa-
tional institutions and museums over the last two decades,
a practice that reinforces their excellent regard in aca-
demic circles.

The Fellowship's reputation for excellence in occult
research has also garnered it a great deal of patronage
from parties interested in commissioning independent
research studies on occult subjects. The popularity of
spiritualism and the occult in recent decades has served
to make difficult the study and pursuit of the matters the
Fellowship excels at, both because of the glut of poorly
researched material available and the resulting trend
toward researchers more interested in debunking mysti-
cism than truly working to investigate and understand it.
So, when someone has a demand for meticulous and

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


16

credulous study, those who want the best come to the
Oriental Fellowship.

Many find it ironic that in recent years a group of
what appears to be actual Asian mystics has joined the
inaptly named Oriental Fellowship. Lord Craven and his
inner circle especially feel that the techniques these new
members have brought with them, including various
yogic practices, breathing exercises and kundalini and
mantric disciplines, have brought the Fellowship to the
threshold of unlocking the potential of the Pretanic
Keys. Also due to the investigations of this secretive
Asian cabal, the Fellowship has allied and begun trading
knowledge with the Princes of Tiernmas (see below, p.
21). With materials and information gained from the
Princes' extensive collection of Celtic and Druidic knowl-
edge, the order has more clearly identified the Pictish
origin of the Pretanic Keys and thus the methods of
properly using them. Already many of the order have
reached new understandings of the Keys, which they
have determined are the building blocks of an ancient
initiation path, and have begun work codifying this path
into a system for more regular use.

The leaps and bounds with which the study of the
Pretanic Keys has progressed due to the input of these
new allies are not enough to stifle the dislike many of the
Fellowship's old guard bear at what they see as an
intrusion on their proper and gentlemanly group. It is, at
heart, a result of bigotry and jealousy. The Asian cell
within the order is largely noncommunicative with the
general membership, preferring to deal directly with old
Lord Craven, and others mutter that the "wogs" some-
how have the old man around their finger in his dotage.
The Princes of Tiernmas, on the other hand, are in
general seen as a proper and studious organization, apart
from the rural nobles and Scottish lairds who strike most
Fellowship members as just plain coarse.

Opportunities

The scholarly bent and excellent reputation make
the Order of the Oriental Fellowship an attractive orga-
nization within which to seek influence for Kindred
looking for a source of occult information ora test bed for
magical theories. Equally appealing is its newfound ex-
pertise in Asian spiritual practice, which is very broad
and shallow, but rock-solidly authentic. Vampires of pre-
Roman origin, or the agents of such an elder, could easily
provide the Fellowship with first-hand information, prop-
erly couched in academic terms of course, and win them
over practically overnight. Another option for co-opting
a portica of the order would be to assist the disaffected
faction in regaining their preeminence over the Asian

membership and their friends from the Princes of
Tiernmas.

Secrets

The prejudiced faction with the order is not too far
off the mark. The Asian cabal and their allies, a similar
cabal within the Princes of Tiernmas, do have old Lord
Craven around their collective finger. How they did it,
though, is just what Craven says: they truly have given
the Fellowship the tools it needs to unlock the Pretanic
Keys. In another twist, however, the Pretanic Keys are
nothing like what Lord Craven and his circle believe
they are. They are, in fact, part of an initiation system
that lead the practitioner down a black road of corrup-
tion and service to powers of that nature, a path of service
these outsiders have knowingly used the Fellowship to
follow.

Destiny

The Grand Lodge-house of the Order of the Oriental
Fellowship burns to the ground in a tragic fire in 1897,
claiming the lives of the majority of the old guard,
including Lord Craven. Wounded, the order cannot
sustain itself. Most of its remaining members and knowl-
edge join with the Princes of Tiernmas in the formation
of a new group, the Pretanic Order, led by a shadowy
figure from the occult underworld, the Laird of
Demborough. The Pretanic Order goes on to achieve
some notoriety as a left-hand path school of magic in
England and America, though its founder and his inner
circle are killed in a raid on their upstate New York
compound by law enforcement officials during World
War Il.

The Hermetic Order
of the Golden Dawn

Though it borrows heavily from Freemasonry, the
Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn is a strictly occult
secret society. Its founders, occultist S. L. MacGregor
Mathers, physician Dr. William Robert Woodman and
coroner Dr. William Wynn Westcott, all Masons, tell a
tale of the genesis of their order that rivals the most
intricate fictions. All three men were eminent members
of the Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia. This English
Rosicrucian Society was (like the majority of supposed
Rosicrucian orders) of reportedly noble aims and dubious
parentage. This particular group claimed sanction and a
direct line of initiation from the apparently infallible and
possibly mythical "continental Secret Chiefs," with the


aim of establishing a presence for the true Rosicrucian
Order in England.

For a time, these three men were in fact the leaders
of the E.R.S., and during this period they claimed to have
discovered a ciphered manuscript found either in a
Masonic library, a used book stall or the estate of a
recently deceased brother Mason and occultist. What-
ever the cipher's source, the three say that they identified
the system used from a 15th-century hermetic manu-
script and successfully deciphered it. The product, they
claim, was a series of outlines for the ritual initiation
practices of an occult group called Die Goldene
Dammerung, the Golden Twilight or the Golden Dawn.
Astlip of paper found with the cipher manuscript bore the
name Fraiilein Anna Sprengel, one of the "continental"
or respected old-world Rosicrucian adepts living in Ger-
many. Through correspondence with Sprengel the three
received her permission to form the English branch of
this forgotten and, it is assumed from the circumstances,
eminently Rosicrucian "Golden Dawn." With that sanc-
tion from the continental Rosicrucians, the first lodge of
the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn was founded in
London and named the Isis-Urania Temple.

Its founders intended the Golden Dawn to be the
latest in a long line of incarnations of the tradition of
Rosicrucianism, focusing all its resources and energies on
magical empowerment. Toward that goal, the Golden
Dawn has undertaken what is possibly the most ambi-
tious project of occult scholarship ever proposed: the
gathering, meticulous scientific study and synthesis of
every hermetic discipline into a coherent, elegant, and
systematic course of study for initiates of all ability levels.
A foundational curriculum, open to both men and women
of ability, aims to empower the student in his pursuit of
the goal of realizing the divine within himself and
aligning it with the divine in the world around him, to
study and uncover the truths of life and through this
individual empowerment and truth-seeking to empower
all mankind. It is no less than a codified science of
ascension that they seek to create, to bring humanity
into the Light. Heady stuff, to be sure.

The founders of the Golden Dawn are skilled and
knowledgeable occultists. Mathers especially has a keen
and often intuitive grasp of the principles of ceremonial
magic and hermeticism in general. Without that excel-
lence and erudition, the monumental task of constructing
a workable initiation system that draws on all aspects of
the Hermetic arts would take decades: astrology, al-
chemy, Kabbalah, tarot, numerology, Gnosticism,
neo-Platonism and Enochian magic are all complex
subjects, and the Golden Dawn includes them all along
with techniques of Asian mysticism, witchcraft and

more. In only a handful of years a system of ten degrees
took form, based on the Cabalistic Tree of Life, with
courses of study for each degree and the ceremonies of
initiation into every degree. The groundwork for what
could be the most significant mystic undertaking of all
time was completed with very little time and to exacting
standards — truly these men are prodigies if what they
have wrought is what they hoped for.

The Golden Dawn, with its temples in London,
Edinburgh and Paris, has inashort time attracted to itself
a large portion of the most talented and dedicated
magical practitioners in the West. It counts among its
initiates the wealthy, the influential, scientists, clergy,
aristocrats, merchants and commoners, all of whom wish
to dedicate themselves to a very old cause using a very
new path. They do not seek anything for their society
except excellence and exploration of the very nature of
life and truth. Those few outside the Golden Dawn who
know of it are, almost without exception, impressed with
the scope and quality of their system. Mme. Blavatsky of
the Theosophical Society (see below, p. 25) goes so far as
to lift her order's ban on membership in other occult
schools to permit crossover between the two groups and
works with the Golden Dawn to give them the benefit of
her probably unparalleled (for a Westerner) knowledge
of authentic Eastern occultism. Already, copycat societ-
ies such as the Aeon Rite have sprung up in the wake of
the Golden Dawn.

Many secret societies pride themselves on their
libraries and knowledge of the minutiae of magical
practices. Many have legitimate claim on reputations for
innovation and scientific advancement of the hermetic
arts. But the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn is
simply unmatched. Its members build upon every suc-
cess; every innovation of every scholar whose work is
available to them has been incorporated into their prac-
tices. Unwilling simply to synthesize the techniques of
the past, the order follows up on every new insight, every
new discovery, actively researching and developing new
and better teaching methods and magical practices. It is
the most comprehensive and all-encompassing system
yet devised, and the order is possessed of the greatest
library of occult materials of any known group.

Opportunities

The Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn is all it's
made out to be, regardless of the possible holes in the
story of its origin. Its members are talented, dedicated
and very, very driven. Obviously, for those who seek
power and influence in the world of hermeticism, the
Golden Dawn is the single most coveted prize in all of
Europe and the Americas. It is all too easy to imagine

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


what the prodigies of the Golden Dawn might accom-
plish under the direction of those who are themselves
occult power embodied in once-living flesh or who have
personal knowledge of the West's hermetic history.

Those who seek acolytes or progeny to train in the
often-hermetic Thaumaturgy of the Kindred find the
order a veritable buffet of highly trained, disciplined and
willful subjects. More obviously, for seekers of magical
lore among the undead, the Golden Dawn is the best and
most obvious choice. There may even be vampires who
would like to work up the ten degrees of initiation of the
order because they agree with the aims of the order, or for
their own ends. On the other hand, if one has enemies
among those who practice ritual magic—Clan Tremere,
for example—would it not be well worth the effort to
subvert the order that your enemies are doubtless court-
ing?

Clever Camarilla Kindred realize the benefits of
debunking and discrediting spiritualists, mediums and
their ilk. The Masquerade gains strength when the
supernatural seems a sham. Imagine, then, the laughing
disbelief of the populace if the most progressive and
effective occult order of the age were to be exposed as
frauds, liars and charlatans. Credulity would take a
vicious blow, and the Camarilla would improve its posi-
tion accordingly.

decrets

The actual origin of the Golden Dawn—the cipher
manuscripts and their source, the existence of Anna
Sprengel, the existence of Die Goldene Dammerung,
even the validity of the Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia's
claim to descent from the true tradition of
Rosicrucianism—already these stories have been told
and retold, contradicted and upheld so many times that
only the founders could know the real events. The actual
truth of the matter might only be known by Dr. Westcott,
who found the cipher manuscript. Mathers, who deci-
phered the manuscript and from it created the Golden
Dawn system, may have invented any or all of it, with or
without the others. It may have been a hoax created by
all three men to give their new order an air of respectabil-
ity. At this point, some will choose to believe every
possible version of the origin of the Golden Dawn,
regardless of what they are told or shown. Effectively no
truth is to be found on the matter. It is even well within
the realms of possibility that the secret of the origin of the
Golden Dawn is just as the founders describe it.

Beyond the Gordian-knot history of the order's
genesis, the Golden Dawn's secrets are largely mundane
ones. The three founders do not by any means always see
eye to eye and are well on their way toward hard-to-

conceal feuds. Mathers especially is seen by many as an
autocratic, egomaniacal dandy and is perennially in the
midst of a conflict of personality with someone or an-
other. A simple fact of life to consider, which the order
treats as if it were a secret, is that no matter how lofty or
altruistic the aims of a group might be, it is still a group
of often sensitive and definitely flawed individuals. For
all the Golden Dawn's admirable doctrine, the founders
and many of the members are not perfect and belong to
a subculture that prides itself on willfulness and inner
strength. It takes a great deal of effort to keep the whole
system running smoothly, and it is only a matter of time
before a confrontation or conflict of some sort erupts.

Destiny

The Golden Dawn remains the pinnacle of magical
orders until, in 1900, it can no longer withstand the
constant pressure of warring egos, personality conflicts
and politics among the membership. The order vanishes
from prominence during several decades of tension and
splits. Several of the schismatic groups continue the
work of the Golden Dawn under different names: Stella
Matutina, Alpha et Omega, Ordo Templi Orientis, to
name a few, but they are only fragments of the once-
magnificent Golden Dawn. Rumors persist until the
modern day that the Golden Dawn was laid low by its
patrons, the Secret Chiefs of an inner, hidden hermetic
order, for revealing too many secrets too quickly or for
attempting to mass-distribute hermetic knowledge.

Despite the shattering of the unified order after
hardly more than a decade of primacy, the Golden Dawn
remains the single most influential hermetic initiation
order of all time, and the single greatest influence on
hermetic initiation in general. The system created by the
Golden Dawn remains in use by nearly every group that
splits from the main order in the early 20th century, and
as inspiration or research material for the formation of a
great many more modern orders. Love him or hate him,
the Golden Dawn is also the parent of the man many call
one of the greatest minds of hermeticism, and certainly
the most influential magus of the 20th century, Aleister
Crowley. Crowley and his former secretary Israel Regardie
widely publish books detailing the previously secret
practices and techniques of the Golden Dawn, ostensibly
to put the power of initiation into the hands of humanity.
These materials are still commonly available in the early
21st century and are the standard upon which most
modern hermetic study is based, forming the basis for
perhaps many thousands of self-initiations and self-
educations in the hermetic Mystery Tradition — as per
the original aims of the Hermetic Order of the Golden
Dawn.


The Brotherhood -;
the Twin Princes of
Tiernmas

The Princes of Tiernmas are, or rather were, a group
of gentleman archaeologists, historians, folklorists and
linguists who turned their shared love for the study of the
pre-Roman Britons, from whom they all claimed decent,

into a novel and engaging secret group dedicated to the
study and practice of the rites of ancient Celtic Druidism.
The Princes took their name from a mythic king from
legend, a suitably dark and savage character to make
plain the group's commitment to the embrace of the old
ways. Such at least was the initial notion for the Princes,
the impulsive creation of amateur folklorist Sir Robert
Strachan, who intended the group to be an escapist
pastime for the group of scholars, a more visceral option
than their previous years' tours, digs, lectures and library
trips.

It was at first vaguely uncomfortable for them to
actually reenact the ceremonies and rituals they had all
researched and bantered over for so long. With the robes
and the sticks and all the rest, it felt rather silly to be
loitering in a cornfield like that. They kept at it, though,
and after a time the Druidic practice became a new
avenue, a needed boost for them to actively pursue their
studies once again. The publication of the first volume of
their scholarly journal on Druidism came the following
year, the same year they started identifying themselves as
Druids by religion and not just as a hobby.

Strachan adopted the traditional Druidic honorific
"Ollav" and as Ollav Strachan rededicated the Princes of
Tiernmas as a Druidic religious order with himself as the
Grand Druid. Their purpose renewed, the Princes re-
doubled their efforts archaeologically, academically and
mystically, seeking out historical sites and evidence to
bolster their knowledge of Druidism. Museum shows and
exhibitions of the Princes' very respectable shared col-
lection of archaeological finds and live performances of
Druidic rites secured the group both positive press and a
small but steady influx of new disciples. In an uncharac-
teristically aggressive phase, Ollav Strachan went so far


as to participate in an exhibition tour of regional schools,
debating matters of theology with an aged Anglican
bishop, and as often as not clearly winning the support of
the crowd in favor of his argument that Druidism is a
more honest and authentic answer to the religious needs
of humanity. Riding the wave of exposure and enthusi-
asm, Strachan's Princes undertook their largest project
thus far, a comprehensive geomantic survey of County
Clavan using traditional Celtic methods. The places of
power the survey discovered were to be purchased and
dedicated as natural preserves and Druidic holy sites in
the name of the Princes, and the greatest of them would
support a new megalithic circle and altars in the tradi-
tional style. This is what the Princes of Tiernmas are, or
were.

The current state of the Princes, now the Brother-
hood of the Twin Princes of Tiernmas, is as bewildering
to Brother-Prince Ollav Robert Strachan and his Druids
for its sheer improbability as it is for the subsequent
extreme good fortune and camaraderie for all involved.
Brother-Prince Robert Dunsirn, the other Twin Prince,
second-in-command of the Brotherhood and Steward of
Demborough (in addition to ceremonial blood-brother
and uncanny likeness of the Ollav) has since often said
that it must have been the gods themselves cultivating
the lines of their shared destiny to have had that remark-
able and portentous day unfold as it did.

On the third week of the survey of County Clavan,
the Princes enjoyed a far more fruitful and informative
outing then they could have wished for. They had
secured or were securing every plot of land they had made
an offer on, and the ley lines and signs in the land had
been as clear to Ollav Strachan as the words on an
advertisement.

It isn't often that a group like the Princes meets
another circle of followers of the old ways just as both
enter the dark, wooded heart of the land. Having the
band of rough Scots one has just encountered, on holy
ground, kneel and give honor to an outsider Ollav when
it is thought no one is left knows what an Ollav is: that
is an important and synchronous event. When the Scots
band summons its noble if rustic pagan lord to the grove
and he is of a sort who could be the Ollav's twin brother,
sharing even the name Robert: that can be nothing less
than a sign.

The Brotherhood of the Twin Princes of Tiernmas
makes its home in County Clavan, in the rambling
country manor and attendant clutch of farmhouses and
outbuildings that overlooks the gently rolling Moysleet
fields from atop the adjacent hill. A stone circle now
stands in the field to one side of the grove, a sweeping
semicircular arc of menhirs on the grove's other side.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION
eS

Both circle and arc serve to house the many statues and
idols representing the Brotherhood's gods. The largest
idol is a golden representation of the god the Twin
Princes have taken as their patron, "Crooked" Crom
Cruach, black God of the Harvest. The remains of the
offerings and sacrifices made to him, for a bountiful
income for the coming tour season and a healthy market
for the Brotherhood's investments, collect in ever-larger
piles.

The buildings and property belong to the Laird of
Demborough. The Scots are called the Laird's Men,
though the last actual laird died generations ago. Lord
Robert Dunsirn is the Steward of Demborough, though
Demborough was left behind lifetimes ago. Robert is the
ninth Steward of Demborough; by ancient agreement
the third son of every generation is given over to the
Laird's Men to be their lord and steward. He is a steward
of knowledge, overseeing an ancient pagan tradition in
his master's stead, until such time as the laird returns to
reclaim his men, his relics, his library and his rites. This
harmoniously coexists with the tradition brought to the
union by Ollav Robert Strachan and his Druids. The two
groups are now one, with the aims and ways of both.

The Twin Princes Robert were both reasonably
affluent men prior to their union. As a consequence of
their very successful museum and lecture tours, publish-
ing business, the generous tithes paid to the Brotherhood
by their sizable flock and an aggressive investment strat-
egy, the Brotherhood is very, very rich and a highly
respected body in the global Celtic and Druidic commu-
nities. The Brotherhood's collection of pre-Roman Celtic
artifacts will soon be the best in the world, so well
regarded that American oil tycoon Jeremiah Lassater,
friend to the Twin Princes and fellow student of geomancy,
has agreed to pay for a multiple-museum American tour
for the collection. Also attracted by the Brotherhood's ¥
expertise in pre-Roman Briton culture, a cabal of Asian
mystics from London's Order of the Oriental Fellowship
wooed the Brotherhood into an alliance, seeking assis-
tance in the unraveling of an apparently Pictish magical
system. The system isn't trivially easy for the Brother-
hood to explain, but it's not far off from that. More
time-consuming is working with the order to implement
and codify the uses of the system. The more Masonic
Oriental Fellowship is in the meantime an excellent
source of contacts and peerage for the Twin Princes.

Opportunities

The Brotherhood is unusual in having an excellent
reputation and extensive contacts in academics and
society while remaining a rural group with only occa-
sional business tours into and around urban areas. Should


they be confronted in their home, they have no ready
access to nearby allies. The Brotherhood is almost grossly
wealthy and is in possession of a number of very strange
items of occult significance. During the infrequent times
they travel, the Brotherhood travels in high style in
expensive motorcars, private train cars or well appointed
chartered ships. If the current plan for an American tour
goes off well, the quality of travel arrangements will only
improve. As a cover for someone who needs to travel
extensively and comfortably, the Brotherhood would
serve nicely.

Kindred with an interest in pre-Roman Briton cul-
ture or pop Druidism would be hard pressed to find a
better source of information and resources relating to the
subject. The Brotherhood would probably be notably
unfazed by the notion of vampiric allies or members, with
alittle preparatory work on the vampires' part. Given the
serendipitous nature of the group's formation, they are
somewhat inured to the fantastic.

Secrets

The decades could not pass quickly enough for
Robert Dunsirn, mortal member of the Dunsirn family of
Clan Giovanni. He was shipped off to fulfill his family's
end in some ancient bargain, to oversee the security for
a house full of wrong-feeling curios and to the spiritual
needs of a mangy cult of brutal shape-changing monsters
and their kin, the Laird's Men. Trained from a young age
for just this miserable task, it was all too easy simply to fall
into the required role for thirty or so years and then
return home for a proper meal and the promised reward
of immortality.

Dunsirn and the Laird's Men were as stunned as
anyone by the seemingly random meeting with Strachan
and the Druids. The union seemed the only thing to do
after such a monumental coincidence, and everyone
involved has come out smelling like a rose (figuratively,
in some cases). Strachan and his men are slowly coming
to understand the nature of their position and their
spiral-tattooed, bestial Scot friends. Like everyone else
in the group, no one seems to care much about the
peculiarity of recent years, and no one ever thinks to
question the frequent oddities. The truth is that all of
these people (and anyone who becomes involved with
them) are prisoners of a destiny much larger than them-
selves and are being watched over and shepherded by a
variety of corrupt and destructive spirits.

Ollav Robert Strachan has a secret. He doesn't really
understand religion, even Druidic religion. He certainly
knows a great deal about it, but somewhere in his soul is
some small but vital part that is out of place. He simply
can't comprehend what role religion is supposed to play

in someone's internal life. All this time Robert has been
going through well rehearsed motions. It's fun, it's given
hima very exciting life, it makes him rich, and it permits
him to openly mock the dreadful and monolithic edifice
of Christianity safely as a well known, harmless heretic.
He picked the name Tiernmas almost completely at
random from a book.

Robert and Robert looking alike is the doing of no
outside force. It is simply a very improbable coincidence
that has understandably caused two strangers to form a
strong, almost familial, bond under very odd circum-
stances.

Destiny

In early 1897 the Brotherhood finds itself swept up
into the destiny of the Laird of Demborough, and a
greater destiny above even him. The odd serendipity that
seems to affect the group from time to time puts the
Brotherhood in a position where it must back a political
coup by its Asian allies in the Order of the Oriental
Fellowship, help plan a meeting of powerful men from all
over the globe and execute a dangerous and powerful
ritual solely to enable the apparent suicide of one man.
All this is scheduled to happen on the same night, in the
same building, in London. The Brotherhood of the Twin
Princes of Tiernmas accordingly engineers a gathering of
great powers and the subsequent cover-up fire which
destroys the Lodge-house of the Order of the Oriental
Fellowship. From the ashes of this seeming fool's errand,
the return of the Laird to his people is made manifest. He
forms a group called the Pretanic Order, predicated on
the Pictish system of magic uncovered by Robert Strachan,
from the survivors of the Oriental Fellowship, his Men
and many of the Brotherhood.

The Twin Princes Robert are never heard from
again, neither by the remaining Brotherhood nor by the
Dunsirn family.

On November 1, 1899, fully three fourths of the
Brotherhood and the population of Moysleet, County
Clavan, Ireland die during an overnight festival among
the standing stones and pagan idols.

Die Unterbrochene Kette des
Arman (The Unbroken Chain of
the Arman)

The ongoing Germanic cultural revival and nation-
alist movement, driven by the thoughts and rhetoric of
innovators like Hegel and Wagner, have produced many
cultural and folklore societies. Sponsoring festivals fea-
turing traditional music, lectures on mythology and

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


folklore, performances depicting historical events and
more, they are becoming important centralized bodies
within the movement. A new development, a hybrid of
Germanocentric Darwinism and Theosophist mysticism,
is Ariosophy, the presence of which is yet another
catalyzing agent for the increasingly popular racist/ na-
tionalist movements.

For Germans living in the Austrian empire, how-
ever, political pressures and the lingering effects of the
Austro-Prussian War separate them from their comrades
across the border. Germans in Austria form their own
cultural societies so that they, too, can take part in the
renaissance and bea part of the unity. The largest of these
groups, the Germanan Bund, claims over one hundred
thousand members. Within the Germanan Bund are
many social circles, planning boards and specialty groups.
One such specialty group, Studenten fiir die Erhaltung
der Germanischen Mythologie (Students for the Preser-
vation of German Mythology), researches and develops
series of educational lectures on mythology, history and
folklore for presentation at Bund events. The Studenten
fiir die Erhaltung der Germanischen Mythologie, while
it actually does give lectures on mythology, is a front for
an eclectic Germanic hermetic occult society called the
Unbroken Chain of the Arman, founded as a response to
the lack of German groups of this type in Austria.

According to the Unbroken Chain, the foundation
for their order is based on the teachings of the god Wotan
to his cult of priest-kings, the Arman, who preserved this
knowledge in secret through the ages and presumably
founded or permitted the founding of this group. Accord-
ing to the canon of the order, in the long centuries
between the time of Wotan and the modern (re-)found-
ing, the Arman cult was connected with both the Knights
Templar and the Rosicrucians.

The Unbroken Chain, more than any other compa-
rable occult society, is characterized by a very eclectic
assortment of magical practices and beliefs, though all
shine through a lens of Germanic mythology and sym-
bolism. The root of their practices is an amalgamation of
the basics of hermeticism and Theosophy. Two practices
that set the Unbroken Chain apart from other hermetic
orders are their focus on the very German runic magical
alphabets, including the Arman rune system unique to
this group, and their very heavy pagan influence. The
various gods of Germanic and Norse mythology and the
trappings of pagan witchcraft and megalithic geomancy
feature prominently in the group's rituals.

The Unbroken Chain has two major factions. Fairly
conventional academics and occultists regard their more
devoutly pagan brethren as oddities. This second group
pursues practices and beliefs very different from the

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION
eS

mainstream Unbroken Chain, including nature wor-
ship, nudism, equality of the sexes, vegetarianism, use of
natural medicines and tolerance of other races and
homosexuals.

A very small third faction is worth mentioning not
because of its influence or size but because of the oddity
of its claims and its persistence in seeking their accep-
tance. These few claim that there is Arman blood in the
German royal lines and that Arman heritage increases
the chance that one will develop psychic abilities. It is
the belief of this faction that the Unbroken Chain
should work to protect these royal lineages and attempt
to breed in more Arman blood. Of special interest to
them is the Habsburg line, which they claim has the
greatest amount of Arman blood of all the royal families.
These scholars of bloodlines hope to breed a lineage of
heroic German monarchs who possess preternatural
mental powers.

Continental Societies

In this era of revolutionary thought, politi-
cal experimentation and overnight societal
upheaval on the European continent, operating
a secret society carries substantial risks. It takes
only one paranoid or hostile authority figure to
decide that a harmless order of astrologers or a
secretive circle of sexual adventurers is actually a
front for militant cryptopapists. When tensions
run high, a-secret faction is a secret faction,
regardless of its actual goals. Consequently, many
groups, especially those with extreme political
stances, have migrated to England or elsewhere.
The organizations that choose to remain active
on the continent are either very brave, very
skilled, or (most commonly) have gone to ground
to wait out whatever their current source of
worry may be.

Despite the Unbroken Chain's possibly naive, slap-
dash hybridization of hermeticism and Germanic
mythology, or perhaps because of it, the group's occa-
sional publications and sporadic representation in other
orders have won it a fair amount of respect or at least
respectful amusement. Active chapters now exist out-
side of Austria: one in London, a handful around
Scandinavia and the Low Countries, in the German
empire itself and most notably a single chapter in the
American city of Philadelphia. This level of widespread
acclaim, subcultural though it certainly is, is a great
accomplishment for a group initially formed as an Aus-


trian supplement to an existing global trend and can be
attributed to a dearth of well organized and relatively
accessible occult societies predicated on Germanic myth
and symbolism.

Opportunities

Though it is characterized by a more fanciful or
mythic paradigm than most, the Unbroken Chain is in
practice actually a solid and typical specimen of an occult
society. It is an obvious choice of ally for those with an
interest in Germanic occultism and for those who sup-
port the cultural revival. Its thus-far succ
within the Germanan Bund is also a potentially useful
its recently developed
multinational status. For those who find an organized
German population within Austria worrisome, the Un-
broken Chain is a subtle, yet effective, place to strike.

sful cover

trait ready for exploitation, as i

decrets

The Unbroken Chain has only secrets of the sort to
be found in practically any such group: politics among
the members, occasional questionable scholarship and a
hard-to-swallow magical pedigree. The growing popular-
ity of the ultimately racist Ariosophy occult movement

is not exactly a secret, unless seen with the clarity of
hindsight.

Destiny

As with so many occult societies, the Unbroken
Chain of Arman's lifespan as a unified order is a short
one. Several of its factions and practices spin off into
other groups and movements. It is a significant precursor
to the so-called Nazi Occultism and the neo-Pagan/
Wiccan movements of the next century, the latter play-
ing a key role in German gay and women's rights
movements.

The Theosophical
Society

Theosophy, which takes its name from the Greek
word theosophia, meaning "divine wisdom," is the cre-
ation of Mme. Blavatsky, who formed the Theosophical
Society around her system. It is important to note,
however, that Theosophy as a belief system is quite
popular independent of the Society and is already stud-

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


ied by many groups unconnected with Blavatsky. To the
majority of these groups, and really for the West as a
whole, Theosophy is the gateway for the first widespread
exposure to authentic Eastern mysticism. Consequently,
the continued development of Theosophy as a whole is
well out of Mme. Blavatsky's direct control, having
become its own beast entirely. Still, she continues to
contribute to the movement with further teachings from
the mahatmas, transcended adepts who are her teachers
on the astral plane.

The central tenet of Theosophy is that all things are
connected to and emanate from a transcendent divine
principle or energy, and thus are part of a universal whole
encompassing all creation. This whole, including the
microcosmic humans within it, is engaged in a cyclic
journey of evolution, seeking to improve itselfand achieve
an inconceivable state of divine perfection and aware-
ness of unity. All the world's religions, by this thinking,
contain a seed of divinity, as do science, art, philosophy
and all other areas of human endeavor — all part of the
drive to know and evolve toward the central divine
energy. As with the cyclic cosmologies of the faiths that
inspired it, Theosophy also incorporates the ideas of
reincarnation and Karma, the latter being the cosmic
tendency toward balance that requires that good deeds
be done to counter negative actions and that negative
actions done earn negative actions done in return.

Spearheading the current trend toward the spread of
Eastern mystical thought into the West, the Theosophi-
cal Society and its founder Helena Petrovna Blavatsky
figure highly in credulous society, both popular and
controversial. Since its formation in New York City by
Madame Blavatsky and her partner Col. Henry Steel
Olcott in 1875, the Society has been very visible world-
wide for both its fantastic claims and the vocal efforts of
detractors to debunk said claims. To be clear, the Theo-
sophical Society is not so much a secret society as it is a
society with a limited appeal and an intellectually par-
ticular accessibility. The end result is much the same as
if it were secret: few people know what it's up to, even if
it appears in the news.

The Society, now based in Adyar, India, teaches a
novel mystical system incorporating techniques of Hindu
and Buddhist faiths with the mediumistic and psychic
abilities so common among spiritualists of recent de-
cades. The Society is not Theosophy, though, but a
group supplemental to it and founded on three prin-
ciples. First, it is dedicated to the formation and
embodiment of a universal brotherhood, making no
judgments for sex, race, faith or the like. Second, the
Society is to undertake comparative studies of religion,
philosophy, science, the arts and other areas of human

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

endeavor in order to better understand the underlying
truths of them all, and of the drive to evolve that is at the
root of all such undertakings. Last, investigation of the
unexplained, or supernatural, phenomena in both na-
ture and capabilities of mankind is of paramount
importance in the search for hidden truths and wisdom.
Unspoken is the desire to thwart what is seen as a stifling
Christian dominance on the everyday spirituality of the
West, a desire that is rapidly becoming a narrow-minded
Asiocentrism.

In contrast to its elegant cosmology and relatively
uncomplicated founding principles, the Theosophical
Society is the target of a disproportionately large volume
of debunkings, accusations of fraud and conspiracy, and
materialist incredulity. Mme. Blavatsky and her close
associates in the order are said to make use of common
séance misdirection tricks to impress the credulous, and
of engineering a wide array of theatrics to give credence
to her claims of patronage from ascended astral masters.
It is a testament to either the Society's zeal or its guile
that, despite the attacks, it continues to thrive.

Opportunities

For the rare Kindred who seek to justify their state
with a desire for spiritual fulfillment, the Theosophic
idea of the universality of the divine is an attractive one.
More generally, the movement and Society both are
dense with those who are attracted primarily to the fringe
lifestyle and outsider status. Vampires of a similar mind
could move easily among these faddish cliques. Theoso-
phy is, for those with the need for it, an excellent cover
story for eccentric-seeming Europeans abroad in India,
and vice versa.

Judgments as to the true motivations of its founders
aside, the Theosophical Society is very interested in
making a profit from its efforts. This desire makes a
convenient handle by which to seize the group.

H. P. Blavatsky dies on May 8, 1891 when the flu
complicates her lifelong problems with her kidneys.
That is what they say, at any rate.

Secrets

Many of the charges of fraud that have been leveled
against the Society are true. Blavatsky has an immense
appetite for theatrics and has on many occasions foiled
herself in her attempts to add drama to the generally
somber business of, for example, meditation. Among her
other faults, she was a prolific plagiarist, and whole
passages of her writings are taken almost verbatim from
older works. It is probable that Indian Ravnos are vastly
amused by the ease with which they can infect Europe


£ RAL OS Vee

with all manner of far-fetched bunk, simply by dazzling a
visiting member of the Theosophical Society.

Destiny

Like nearly all its peers, the Society splits and splits
again into a variety of new groups over the next century.
It and its teachings survive to the Final Nights and are
second only to the Golden Dawn in significance for
occultism and New Age movements. When it comes to
the spread of Eastern practices to the West, however, the
Society is nearly solely responsible. The ideas Blavatsky
first spreads in the late 19th century remain the most
popular Eastern and Eastern-derived concepts a century
later.

The Illuminated
Rosicrucian Order

The Roman poet asked, "Quis custodiet ipsos cus-
todes?" or "Who watches the watchmen?" Rosicrucians
answer, "We do."

A group so secretive that many of its initiates do not
even know its name until they have been members for
years, the Illuminated Rosicrucian Order is perhaps the
most purposefully and successfully oblique body of mor-
tal occult conspirators active in the Victorian era.
Necessary, given that their aim is to be to secret societies
as secret societies are to society at large, they are a
conspiracy among conspiracies.

Initiates are selected from the ranks of other societ-
ies when they exhibit a keen mind, a questing spirit, a
sense of discretion and a commitment to the advance-
ment of humanity under the ideals of the Rosicrucian
tradition. A member of the order then cultivates a
relationship with the initiate via correspondence, often
for many years, subtly encouraging continued study and
gradually revealing the possible existence of an order
committed to the very ideals the new initiate's passion
has been aroused toward. Those who retain their un-
swerving dedication to these ideals after this period of
testing are contacted, again by letter, by the Grand
Master adept of the order and informed of their status as
initiates. In many cases, they are told that they have, in
fact, been initiates of the order for many years, since long
before they were ever contacted.

The order, according to its custom, is actually the
Inner Order. Other groups, such as the Societas
Rosicruciana in Anglia or the many arms of Freema-
sonry, serve as the public, or Outer, Order of the True
Rosicrucian Order. Once fully involved, initiates remain

in contact with and aware of only their sponsoring
member, the Grand Master, and any new initiates they
themselves are called upon to sponsor. A single Masonic
lodge could be populated entirely by Illuminated
Rosicrucian Order initiates and none among them would
suspect, or such is the order's intention. The activities of
initiates are largely as they were previous to their induc-
tion save that they now engage in a constant regular
schedule of letter-writing to and from their sponsors and,
occasionally, other initiates. These letters, which nearly
always use Inner Order names to protect identities, use a
wide array of ciphers and symbolic code schemes to
further obfuscate the order's business.

The Grand Master ofthe Innermost Order

The current Grand Master, called Frater
C*I*C as his Inner Order name, is the Rev. Dr.
Alessandro Balsamo. The presumably Italian
Balsamo is immensely well regarded by the hand-
ful of initiates to whom he has revealed his
identity in writing, and the even smaller number
who claim to have met him in person. His per-
sonal magnetism and command of all modes of
effective communication are reportedly astound-
ing, and he is said to be a very calm man with a
great, dry wit. The order has never advertised
which Grand Master Balsamo. is or how many
there have been before him.

The correspondences of the order's initiates are,
while certainly best kept private, generally not over-
whelmingly sensitive. Typically an initiate simply keeps
his sponsor informed of the state of affairs in other
societies in which he is a member, general news from the
region he calls home and the details of his current
endeavors, studies and contemplations. To junior ini-
tiates from their sponsors come letters containing advice
both metaphysical and practical on how to proceed with
studies and surmount life's trials, with a focus on encour-
agement toward further spreading the ideals of Light and
Truth to one's peers. In this way the order quietly
shepherds the other societies and guides them in their
good works. An incidental consequence of this network
of exchanges is the ability to cross-reference and com-
pare one's work with the labors of fellow initiates far
away or otherwise inaccessible. Many supposedly lost or
vanished details of ancient orders and in some cases
evidence of entire lost orders known to scholars of the
Rosicrucian tradition today are in fact only known due to
discreet guidance from the order. An anonymous letter
to the proper researcher can offer facts which might be

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


the keys to a new discovery, and the unrecognized order
behind it all is free from the shackles of pride and fame
that can often stifle further accomplishment of the sort.

Opportunities

For those with knowledge of its existence, the Illu-
minated Rosicrucian Order is a possible source of both
great knowledge and concern. How much do its members
know, and what could be done about them if it is found
that they know too much? Groups such as this give the
Camarilla cause for great concern. On the other hand,
the order could be an unprecedented instrument of
control for someone clever enough to beat it at its own
game. For anyone with a passion for solving puzzles,
exploring the maze that is the Rosicrucian Order is a
potentially endless diversion from ennui.

Secrets

Whoever sits at the center of the Illuminated
Rosicrucian Order has made for himself an apparatus of
social control with surpassing elegance and subtlety, and
uses it to engage in a campaign of intelligence and
misinformation that is practically global in scope.
Throughout the 19th century, the order has initiated
members in and directly monitored nearly every major
hermetic, Rosicrucian and Masonic society as well as
Christian monastic orders and the like. It fabricates
evidence of ancient orders and traditions, slowly intro-
duces these fabrications through the work of its initiates
and then capitalizes on the misinformation to cement its
control over the credulous and unwary. It is a simple
matter to impress a scholar with a lost manuscript frag-
ment when the manuscript itself was purposefully created,
decades ago, for such a charade. This is just one example
of the tricks on the order's varied palette.

Despite the games, whoever masterminds "Rev. Dr.
Alessandro Balsamo" and the order does in fact work to
assist those who follow the Rosicrucian path. Con-
versely, the unknown mastermind will rabidly strive to
ruin or discredit any society or individual it feels has gone
astray from the noble path or has come to dominate his
field overmuch, and will in lesser cases work to "teach a
lesson to" those it feels are in need of such.

The order seems well aware of Kindred it finds in its
midst and seems to bear only those prejudices that even
a vampire would agree are prudent.

Destiny

The Rosicrucian Order is as invisible to history as it
is in the Victorian age. It is easy to assume that it
continues to play its game, under who knows how many

new names and fronts, aided immeasurably by the fruits
of the Information Age.

The Red Lodge

Inexpertly named by its founders, who are not con-
nected to the so-called Red Lodge of Freemasonry but
were vaguely aware that the name indicated an elite
inner circle, this notorious circle of hooligans is also
variously known as the Vine and Sword, the Hunt Lodge
Hell-fire Club, or "those vicious bloody lordlings" (this
last by the residents of the rural villages near the group's
lodges, bullied and fearful for the virtue of their daugh-
ters). Their continued status as a secret society owes
more to their skill in avoiding prosecution than their
skill at avoiding detection, having at various times fallen
back on all manner of fraternal, nationalist, martial,
academic and spiritualistic jargon to divert attention
from the debauchery, violence and sexual deviance which
are their true priorities.

The lodge is older than any of its current member-
ship, mostly young men from minor aristocratic families
and their assorted cronies, having been formed as a
response to the criminalization of formal sword dueling
in the 16th century. The modern lodge is still used by its
members to practice and engage in all manner of fencing,
sans the mesh mask and other protective garments of
"sport" fencing. A facial scar earned in a fight is consid-
ered a badge of masculinity in the lodge and cause for a
raucous celebration (as most things are in the Red
Lodge). In addition to cutting each other up, lodge
members consider themselves gentleman adventurers,
with hunting a favorite focus. The various well stocked
hunt lodges the group uses for its revels are also used for
actual hunting and are decorated with the trophies of
kills from both home and far abroad. Someone always has
aplan fora safari or other exotic voyage in the works. The
recent claims that the lodge is a center for the practice of
the Black Arts is almost certainly a result of the members
themselves, always looking for a sensational prank to
play. The Red Lodge has nonetheless managed to avoid
undue scrutiny from society, largely due to the generally
correct belief that members will outgrow the urge for
constant merriment and indulgence. The unwillingness
of many to come into conflict with these scions of wealth
and aristocracy certainly plays a part, however.

Opportunity

A group with which one might encourage excess and
brutality among the future power elite of the Empire is,
to some, a great prize. From a more pragmatic perspec-


tive, the lodge's access to wealth, discreet "companions,"
travel and remote locations are of obvious use to vam-
pires. Nor should their use simply as entertainment for
jaded Kindred be underestimated.

Secrets

Various members of the Red Lodge have, at various
times, indulged in all manner of vice: drugs, sodomy, rape
and even murder. A group within the lodge hunts the so-
called "most dangerous prey," other men, when the thrill
of killing dangerous beasts such as lions or bears has
grown stale.

Destiny

The Red Lodge is quietly crushed and erased from
history by an alliance of noble families after the Great
War in an attempt to cover up a series of crimes perpe-
trated by the group and to protect their guilty sons from
the consequences of their actions. Unfortunately, the
Red Lodge held no monopoly on the commitment of
black acts by the jaded and amoral products of elite
society. Rich men and their sons continue to think
themselves untouchable well into the Final Nights.

Dynamiter Knights of
King Mob

The current alliance, some would say assimilation,
of Britain's Radical Party to the less extreme Liberal
Party strikes many Radical hardliners as the death knell
of their movement's significance to above-board poli-
tics. As a result, many adherents to the Radical cause
seek more revolutionary means. Existing extremist groups
have also taken advantage of the situation to recruit new
members from the ranks of the dissatisfied Radicals or to
form new groups entirely. One such fledgling extremist
group calls itself the Poor Radical Dynamiter Knights of
King Mob, a colorful allusion by educated founder Ed-
ward O'Donovan to the lengthy names of militant
knightly orders such as the Templars.

O'Donovan, once a well spoken and intellectual
voice of the Irish Fenian movement, has gathered many


embittered and disempowered former Radicals and First
International Socialists around a decidedly Anarchist
core group of German and Italian revolutionaries whose
notoriety in their homelands has made continuing the
fight there impractical. Setting aside their individual
crusades, the Knights have taken as their own the global
cause of revolution and anarchism, and acted upon the
words of fellow revolutionary Auguste Coulon, "No
voice speaks so loud as dynamite."

Simply placing and setting off explosives is only a
small part of what the Knights do, though. They feel that
to best serve the cause they must collect and disseminate
the much sought-after knowledge of how explosives are
made to their fellow fighters for freedom. In this way, the
Knights contribute to the struggle on a global scale. To
this end, the Knights now collect every scrap of informa-
tion available to them on the subject: from other
experienced revolutionaries, chemistry and engineering
textbooks, military veterans, craftsmen and any source
that presents itself. Armed thusly, they immerse them-
selves in the study of explosives and their manufacture,
meeting nightly to commit their discoveries to paper in
the form of simple diagrams and practical courses of
study. Their tracts, diagrams and handbooks are then
translated and distributed to groups all over Western
Europe and the Americas, winning the Knights a great
deal of acclaim from their peers.

The Bomb Business

Making dynamite and explosive devices is a
complex matter and hard to pursue discreetly
even inan age when forensic science is young and
unreliable. In addition to the chemistry involved,
skilled machining is necessary to produce a qual-
ity bomb. A group that wishes to produce a
variety of incendiary devices, and a serious group
will want the right bomb for the job in all cases,
is faced with the challenge of acquiring anumber
of not-inexpensive materials and tools without
attracting the attention of the establishment, the
agents of which know full well what to look for to
spot a burgeoning bomb-production enterprise.
Information on the construction of explosives is
therefore like gold in the revolutionary under-
ground, and those who successfully obtain and
distribute usable instructions gain status among
their brethren in the struggle.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

LOR

The Dynamiter Knights do engage in their own
bombings, despite their educational focus, favoring pris-
ons, courts and the homes of judges as targets. Their
actions are well known as technical masterpieces: ex-
pertly timed, properly placed for maximum structural
(and infrastructural) damage and always done with just
enough flair to ensure widespread gossip.

Anarchist and Socialist groups who support a politi-
cal revolution are among the most vocal enemies of the
Dynamiter Knights and their ilk, whose brutal means,
they say, serve only to hurt the movement and make all
revolutionaries murderers in the eyes of the people.
When they respond at all, the Knights point to contin-
ued injustices and abuses of power worldwide as the
harvest reaped by sowing words. Unsurprisingly, given
their international fame and violent activities, the Dy-
namiter Knights are among the most wanted of groups in
all of Europe. Authorities in London are practically
frantic for a break in their ongoing investigation, the
Knights having thus far remained one step ahead because
of their meticulous organizational skills and foresight.

Opportunities

For those with revolutionary agendas of their own,
the Dynamiter Knights could make excellent allies,
provided their trust could be earned. Association with
this group is also practically a passport to acceptance by
revolutionary groups the world over. Agreeing with
them is not a prerequisite for attempting to manipulate
them, however. The ability to dynamite a building is one
often wished for by those of many political leanings.

Anyone whose assistance contributes to the appre-
hension of the Dynamiter Knights, on the other hand,
would earn a great deal of leverage with the government.
Wise Kindred would do all of the above.

Secrets

Edward O'Donovan is quite thoroughly mad. Once
he was an educated and kind-hearted young man who
found himself drawn to Socialism for its promise of
improving the lot of the poor and working class. His
arrest for association with an Irish revolutionary newspa-
per landed him ina prison camp operated by the Crown,
where for many years he and hundreds of other support-
ers of Irish home rule were subjected to long days of
manual labor with inhuman cruelty from their jailers and
inadequate food, lodgings or medical care . Edward spent
several months handcuffed behind his back and was put
onarestricted diet in solitary confinement for refusing to
select his religion from a list that did not include his
faith. (The Irish people, in an admirable and clever


protest, elected O'Donovan to Parliament as the repre-
sentative for County Tipperary, which Parliament of
course overruled.) The government was eventually pres-
sured to give amnesty to these prisoners, but it was too
late for Edward O'Donovan.

Today he is a man characterized by a pathological
desire to dismantle every aspect of the society that
imprisoned him. His every thought and deed are a step
toward that goal; he has no pastimes or relationships that
do not in some way contribute to his war. It has not been
an issue thus far, but O'Donovan will in no way permit
any obstacles to bar his way, be they friend or foe. He is
quite willing to send men to their deaths and to kill any
of his allies whose suggestions of less extreme measures
interfere with his methods.

Destiny

The Dynamiter Knights' meteoric rise to promi-
nence continues to match their more and more frequent
bombings and calls for more extreme measures in their
publications. By the turn of the century, even other
revolutionary extremists have begun to call the Dyna-
miter Knights too bloody, too willing to let the end
justify their means. Edward O'Donovan's body is found
in an alley in 1901, shot at close range in the back of the
head, but no widespread arrests of Dynamiter Knights
follow. The group slowly breaks up, its members joining
other groups or disappearing from history. The publica-
tions of the Dynamiter Knights remain in circulation
well into the 20th century and are an inspiration for
revolutionary groups from the Situationists to the Black
Panther Party.

In 1954 elderly Sinn Fein leader and former member
of Irish Parliament Rory Hughes is found in his home,
shot at close range in the back of the head. Though it was
not publicized by the news at the time, "Edward
O'Donovan, thou art avenged!" was written on a nearby
wall.

The Young Mens

Christian Anarchist
League

The decidedly tongue-in-cheek name of this circle
of political activists is indicative of its often humorous
approach to revolutionary thought. A young group with
young members, the League was formed in emulation of
more established and well known groups like William
Morris' Socialist League. Where Morris' peers exalt the

movement in poetry or paint, however, the League's
clever sons of merchants eschew the fine arts in favor of
mass-produced satirical handbills and banners in the
style of product advertisements, theatrical and carnival
posters and church event circulars. Their regularly pub-
lished newspaper Strange Truths appears, on cursory
examination, to be a common sort of sensational true-
crime tabloid. The Word is a clever enough facsimile of a
typical evangelical leaflet that many idle readers never
realize it is, in fact, a collection of Socialist essays.

Despite their whimsical approach, the met: of the
League are generally quite serious about the subject
matter of their publications and are active supporters of
many movement events and establishments, such as
London's well known underground Autonomie Club
and the debate events of William Morris. Their willing-
ness to lend the use of their printing equipment and
expertise has gone a long way toward remedying their
early reputation as jokers and purely social-scene anar-
chists. Members of the League are now often invited to
write satirical essays for a number of more serious publi-
cations and are beginning to receive accolades for their
efforts. Not everyone appreciates the League's approach,
anda vocal segment of Socialist/ anarchist society claims
that humor cheapens the very serious business of work-
ing for change in government takes steps to bar the
League from events when they can. This, of course, has
merely made new targets for the League's campaign of
wit.

Opportunities

While not as directly useful as many groups, the
colorful practices of the League make them an attractive
choice of allies for those with a taste for something
different. Certainly from a pragmatic point of view, a
group with a working print shop is of obvious use if that
is all that is needed. Unlike many revolutionary types,
the League has money to spend in support of the cause
and could be made to spend in a particular way if
someone were to direct them properly. Because they
have resources and everyday lives as businessmen and
printers to protect, blackmail is a very effective tool to
use against the League.

Secrets

The League has no terrible secret beyond the fact
that most of its members are more interested in showing
off how clever they are than they are in anarchism.

Destiny

The League eventually succumbs to disinterest on
the part of its membership, or unwillingness to chance

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


their livelihoods should they be found out. Looking back
on their lives during their golden years, a few of the
former members of the League wish they had had the
courage and resolve to keep at it.

The Round Table

A council of the wealthiest and most powerful men
in the world, assembled as the brainchild of British
diamond magnate Cecil Rhodes, the Round Table takes
as its stated purpose to serve as the administration of a
global imperialist government dedicated to bearing the
"white man's burden" and ensuring continued consoli-
dation of power into the hands of the Anglo-centric
power elite best suited to the task. Though some may
have heard the name of the Round Table, or even
guessed at the existence of a similar group, the doings of
the Round Table are among the most private in the world
simply because its members are men so powerful that
they long ago stopped having to answer to anyone.
Rhodes, Rothschild, Morgan, Lassater, Rockefeller, Mil-
liner, Carnegie and more — this is company so prestigious
that Prime Ministers and Presidents aren't even consid-
ered for inclusion, a new global aristocracy where skill in
gathering wealth and power trumps mere noble birth.

The Round Table, or, as Rhodes sometimes says,
"The Society of the Elite," serves foremost as a forum for
these men of power, a common ground from which they
can coordinate business actions to maximize profit, join
forces to bring pressure on governments or institutions,
pool resources to fund causes which benefit their cause
and police one another's doings when they are a threat to
the stability of the shadow government they seek to
establish. Most significantly, the members of the Round
Table being accustomed to the necessity of planning for
the future, agree on and institute measures to ensure that
their heirs and successors are equipped to continue this
great work long after the founders themselves are dust.
Emblematic of this thinking is the trust created by
Rhodes in one of his many wills, from which promising
students who show promise in continuing the Round
Table legacy receive financial support and the resultant
accolades.

As with any gathering of men of such power, the
Round Table is a hotbed of Machiavellian plotting and
power mongering. Every member has too much to lose to
simply relent to the wishes of Rhodes or the majority.
Every decision or policy is the result of a war of wills,
subterfuge and sometimes full-fledged shadow war as

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

members use their near-peerless influence to turn groups
through which they can exert pressure on groups under
the thumbs other members. Looked at a certain way, it
can be said that the Round Table is a microcosm of
Europe and America, the politics of the Western world
writ small.

Opportunities

It is not unreasonable to assume that the Round
Table lies at the center of more attempts at Kindred
influence than any other body of the age. Its members
represent the top of the ladder in banking, steel, rail-
roads, oil and more, and every vampire with any
appreciable influence in any of those industries is going
to find his concerns more and more frequently coming in
contention as the Round Table draws all their interests
together. So widespread are the schemes of the Round
Table that virtually any Kindred might find themselves
tied up in them. This is among the highest concentra-
tions of power that exists, and only the truly skilled
manipulators will enjoy any measure of success here.

Secrets

The activities of the Round Table encompass more
secrets than could be detailed here. With interests in
every area of mortal power and would-be controllers
from practically every possible group in the world of the
unseen, any sort of secret that can imagined can be found
here. From Andrew Carnegie's anti-imperialist actions
against his peers to the British members' use of Canadian
monarchist agents to prune the influence of J. P. Morgan
in the railroad industry and more besides, plotting within
the Round Table could be a full-time concern for enter-
prising Kindred, and is. Zealously pro-capitalist and
anti-capitalist propaganda both provide excellent sources
of possible secret details. Kindred surround the Round
Table, make no mistake, and they are the most cunning
and skilled of their kind when it comes to influencing the
mortal world. Caveat emptor.

Destiny

Cecil Rhodes' Round Table is often later cited as the
genesis of the one-world government that so many con-
spiracy theorists claim holds the world in the palm of its
hand, the dreaded new world order. It will be said to have
been the forebear of the Trilateral Commission, the
Bilderberg Group, the Council on Foreign Relations, the
United Nations, NATO, the World Bank, the WTO,
and practically every other organization that could be
seen as supporting a multinational one-world govern-
ment.


| Th N ial | fi for telling a story, but the particulars of modeling
5 S CS © S p ofr someone's stake in a society through the Storyteller rules

5 ' system can become a bit easier with a brief reexamina-
the Widow S Aon? tion and discussion of expansion of the systems involved.

Characters can certainly simply have a member of the
Maki ral Secret Golden Dawn as a Major Contact, for example, or justify
8 the purchase of Influence as Masonic membership. With
7% . just a touch more complexity, however, larger-scale
Socie ties Background constructs can reflect the administration of
entire societies (or factions therein) ora greater involve-
Tick-tock tick-tock: the collective actions of secret ment in the management of a character's dealings with
societies are like a steady clockwork clatter in the back- a society, or secret society culture in general.
ground of the Victorian age. Characters are in many
cases almost guaranteed to cross paths with any of dozens Dooled Bac kgrou nds
of groups, with hundreds of factions exerting a similarly
multiplicitous array of pressures on society. For those
who seek political or social influence of even the most
cursory nature, it is simply a fact of unlife, one of the
expected features of the game of power. All well and good

Players interested in having their characters control
asecret society, or segment of one, can pool Background
points in Allies, Contacts, Herd, Influence, Mentor,
Resources and Retainers during character generation to

Raising Backgrounds after Character Creation

These rules provide a consistent system for players to build their characters' Background Traits through
experience points, in addition to or instead of the customary practice of the Storyteller's adjusting them in
response to roleplaying. All of these rules are optional.

© Simplest. Backgrounds cost Current Rating x 2 experience points to raise by one dot.

* Simple. A character may raise one Background trait by one dot with the investment of Current Rating
x 2 weeks of dedicated effort. "Dedicated" means in this case that the character is not out adventuring or
engaging in strenuous activity that isn't directly related to the Background being improved.

© Complex. The Background trait increases by one dot when the player accumulates 2 x the new level
in successes in an extended roll (4 successes to go from * to © ®, 6 successes to go from ®® to #* , etc.). The
player may make'no more than one such roll per session or per week of game time — that is, one roll per
session no matter how much time it covers beyond one week and one roll per week of game time no matter
how many sessions it takes to play out that week. The roll uses the Background in conjunction with an
appropriate ability, such as Finance + Resources to build up the character's wealth and Academics +
Contacts to develop new ties at a university, and the player may make this rolhonly after the character has
made significant and successful use of the Background in play.

Shadow War: Contesting Backgrounds

Forces in the world of secret societies fight for control of mutually desirable resources, be they people,
the authority to promulgate and refine an idea or tangible goods like money. This is generally a messy and
mutually destructive process.

Each side in the struggle makes a complex toll of the sort described above, with the same limitations
on frequency. When one side accumulates twice the other side's current rating in successes, the yictorious
individual or group takes away one dot from the enemy and adds that to its own rating.

A Background contested for too long or too often may erode, vanishing as a result of the stresses of
sustained back-and-forth battles for power. The storyteller should decide ahead of time whatit takes to erode
a Background. When using the rolls described here, a contest that goes on for (6 x the new level) weeks
without a resolution falls by one dot. The Storyteller may want to make it easier than usual to rebuild
Backgrounds eroded this way, such as by reducing the multiplier by 1 for reconstructive efforts, oreven more
when the characters have extensive supporting Backgrounds and a well prepared plan roleplayed well.

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE


reflect the coterie's assets. (Generation and Status nec-
essarily remain the property of individual characters, and
Fame does not apply to secret societies except as dis-
cussed below.)

The players choose one Background as the Anchor,
central to the society and the other Backgrounds se-
lected. Selecting Resources as the Anchor, for example,
reflects a society that manages its Influence or Contacts
through wealth, be it banking, business ownership or
simply a predisposition toward paying well. Any poolable
Background can be used as the Anchor. Pooled Back-
grounds can be purchased at levels beyond that which an
individual character could, to reflect the increased man-
agement power of a coordinated coterie. The storyteller
should give some thought to setting a cap on pooled
Background levels at character generation, and for her
game in general, or the power wielded by the players'
coterie can grow out of hand. For most coteries, a
maximum of 10 dots prevents the accumulation of un-
limited power while still granting the characters
significant scope for shared action. Larger and more
powerful factions can of course grow larger than this.

The Anchor's rating is the limit to which other
Backgrounds in the pool may be raised, and should the
Anchor be lowered during the course of play, such as
through negligence or meddling, the new Anchor level
is the cap and the other Backgrounds in the pool drop to
match that cap. Backgrounds lowered because of damage
to the Anchor are generally raised to their previous level
when the Anchor is repaired, pending experience point
expenditures required by the Storyteller. (See accompa-
nying sidebar for suggested rules for this purpose.) All of
the characters who contribute points have full access to
the total pooled Backgrounds, unless the players agree to
some limitations. It is important to note that Back-
grounds with finite use, such as the monthly spending
limit of Resources, are depleted from the pool when used
and cannot be used by other characters until the Back-
ground refreshes.

Eric's players decide that their coterie, a group of high-
class Americans operating in London, are the masterminds of
a society called the Sons of the Union, a patriotic group for
American businessmen overseas. They select Resources as
their group's Anchor, to reflect that wealth is their key to
power. Tom puts in 3 dots of Resources, 1 each of Allies and
Influence, and 2 of Contacts. Dan puts in 2 dots of Re-
sources, | of Allies and 3 of Contacts. Elliott, having spent
most of his points on Potence, contributes only 1 dot of
Resources and | of Influence. The Sons of the Union thus has
6 dots each of Resources and Contacts, being a very wealthy
circle with many business connections. The group also has
some friends at the American embassy from its Allies of 2, and

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

FAS

an Influence of | to reflect the mercantile pressure it can exert.
Even though Elliott put in only 2 of the total points, he still has
unlimited access to the pool.

During the course of play, a string of disastrous invest-
ments lowers the Resources of the Sons of the Union to 5. As
Resources is the Anchor of the pool, the group's Contacts also
drops to 5 as business associates shy away from the stalling
society.

A player can withdraw his character's stake in a pool
at any time but will receive back one fewer dot then he
invested, due to the inefficiencies of sudden restructur-
ing. If the player wants to withdraw his character's
support of the pool smoothly, he should accumulate
successes equal to the number of dots being withdrawn
on an appropriate extended roll, with the per-roll time
scale being determined by the storyteller (see sidebar
"Raising Backgrounds after Character Generation" for a
discussion of tailoring systems to suit your game). Players
wishing to switch their Anchor toadifferent background
can do so after raising the new Anchor Background one
dot, remembering to lower any Backgrounds in the pool
to meet the new cap. Storytellers may wish to require a
period of time to be invested by the characters in restruc-
turing their society, to reflect the new Anchor. One
week per dot generally suffices, unless circumstances
make the change much easier (one day per dot) or much
harder (one month per dot) than usual.

Other Background

Considerations

The following questions should guide players and
Storytellers thinking about Backgrounds in the context
of secret societies.

Is the pool constructed by your group representative
of an entire secret society, or is it solely the segment of a
larger society in which your character or characters enjoy
some measure of control? Freemasonry, for example, is a
huge organization that would require the investment of
hundreds of dots of Backgrounds to reflect total domi-
nance. Most players will design for their Masonic coteries
a Background pool that represents a single local lodge or
a widespread but minority faction due simply to the huge
amount of points required to do otherwise. With a more
minor or localized secret society it is, on the other hand,
quite possible for the Backgrounds invested by the play-
ers to represent all the assets of the group. Where the
player characters do not control every aspect of a society,
it is significant that the storyteller spend some time
thinking abstractly about what mortal or Kindred char-
acters might also have investments in a given group.


BG Se i  g 9 GO a FE gy 4

Does a Background in the characters' pool stands for
an asset within the society, or is it representative of
something the society can do? In the example above, the
Sons of the Union have 6 dots of Contacts. Is this
because they have members everywhere that the player
characters can contact for information, or is it because
the members of the Sons are well connected themselves?
These concerns illustrate well the sort of thinking play-
ers and storytellers should do before simply assigning
numeric values to Backgrounds from the list below and
moving on, lest inconsistencies during play detract from
the game.

¢ Allies. Allies are most often other members of the
secret society to which the player characters belong.
They are friends and peers, willing to help because of a
fraternal bond or ideological compatibility with the
society. As with normal Allies, the friendly relationship
must be maintained by the characters, which will some-
times need favors done for them as well. Groups that
feature a lot of regular social activities for members will
often have high Allies ratings. Some societies may have
Allies outside their membership, as when a public figure
cannot openly be a member of a group due to conflict of
interest but still supports it.

Allies as the Anchor of a Background pool means
that the society as a whole is one that is foremost about
trust, friendship, mutual goals or whatever reason a group
of people is willing to help one another. Many Masonic
groups are Allies Anchored.

¢ Contacts. Societies that are more concerned with
a business or a practice and less with social functions,
such as a magical group or craft union, will favor Con-
tacts over Allies to reflect a more functional and less
friendly relationship. Groups with highly or well placed
members, with access to information and power struc-
tures outside the society as part of their professional or
social lives, should also have a high Contacts rating.
Some societies simply cultivate extensive contacts as
well, as with underground groups or groups that for
whatever reasons need secret or private channels for
information or guarded information. Contacts can also
represent a group whose members have access to records
and libraries, either from their private collections or
from the workplace. A hermetic society well known for
having an extensive occult library could be bought as
Contacts. It is worth noting that a small group of very
mobile individuals can function as a very high level of
Contacts. One man may just be one man, but when his
work takes him all over the city every day, or all over
Europe every year, he isa much greater source of informa-
tion than a handful of sedentary contacts.

Status and Fame

It is often necessary to gauge the reputation
of a society. Who has heard of the group? How
do they feel about the group's activities, if they
know of them? It is a complex and often confus-
ing matter to reflect with traits, especially given
the paradox of secret groups who are also public
groups, such as the Freemasons, who are well
liked by society at large but whose doings are still
secret. In some cases, it makes sense to add
specialized versions of Status and Fame to the
chronicle.

Secret Society Fame measures the promi-
nence ofasecret society. As with the Freemasons,
this can seem a paradox, but keep in mind that
"secret" often means that a group's doings are
kept private, not its existence. A group like the
Masons is so prevalent that it tops the chart at 5
dots, as it is well known throughout the world.
Conversely, the Round Table is a group known
only to its membership and their immediate
subordinates. Though all of its members have
very high Fame personally, as a group they
probably have no Fame at all, and prefer it that
way.

Secret Society Status obviously has nothing
to do with standing in Kindred society, as the
more familiar Status does, or at least it usually
doesn't. Secret Society Status measures the repu-
tation of the society in the minds of those select
individuals who know about it. Think of Secret
Society Fame as the size of the window and
Secret Society Status as what can be seen through
it. Many people know of the Freemasons and
because of their history of charitable works and
general benevolence they also enjoy a Secret
Society Status of 5, Though practically no one
has heard of the Round Table, its ceaseless
efforts to bring civilization and progress to the
world probably mean that those few knowledge-
able people regard the society quite highly, also
around 5. A well known group with a reputation
as dastards and villains would have a high Secret
Society Fame and low or no Secret Society
Status. A new or small group with strange, but
not vile, habits would have low ratings in both.
These traits should generally not serve as the
Anchor for a Background pool, particularly not
for new characters and new factions, nor should
they grow above 5.dots total.


ycieties who use Contacts as their Anchor Back-
ground sustain their power through information: who
they know, where, how fast they can gather data and how
good it is. The Illuminated Rosicrucian Order, with its
intense focus on gathering and sharing information
among members, is an example of a Contacts Anchored
society

© Herd. Herd isa fairly straightforward Background,
though it needn't always reflect an actual "herd" of
mortals. An organization of medical professionals qui-
etly pursuing knowledge through vivisection, forexample,
could have access to a great deal of blood. More usual
sources for sustenance are available easily to those active
in the medical community, as well. Certainly the treat-
ment of those in asylums is a matter well outside the
public eye. Blood is a not uncommon feature in occult
ceremony, of course, but needn't be drunk as part of the
ritual.

Herd as an Anchor Background, while rare and of
specific use, could perhaps be the keystone in a society
predicated on parlaying medical contacts and access to
blood for influence among Kindred peers, or a religious
group used for feeding while the devotees' assets and
doings are controlled by the church.

\

\%

\
i

(.

va ¥,
a

AM
Pe}

= L ‘
1
mel

* Influence. Influence over politics, business and

q r
LID

society in general is the presumed end goal of many secret
societies that seek to promote an agenda or doctrine.
Like Contacts, Influence can reflect a group with well or
highly placed members who, unlike Contacts, are willing
actually to work toward goals and not just retrieve
information on behalf of their society. It
as having members among high society willing to say a

can be as simple

word or two to the proper people, or counting as members
actual policy-makers from business and government
The age of media dominance over public opinion has not
yet fully dawned, but it isa growing trend. Newspapers do
serve as a source of information in shaping public opin-
ion on matters

Societies whose Anchor is Influence gain their power
from respect and access to those with power. A group
that enjoys the ability to pressure and shape the politics
of the culture in which it exists can have money, friends
and information. The Enlightened Society of the Weep-
ing Moon, in its native America especially, primarily
operates as an Influence Anchored society, as do many
Masonic groups.

¢ Mentor. This is an interesting choice for inclusion
in a secret society, one in which other, more powerful,


| y
et

wa I 97 1S

Kindred are a contributing factor to the player character's
power. On one hand, elders may be loath to share their
hard-earned influence in the mortal world. Allowing
young potential rivals access to an established power
structure is a potentially effective way to control them,
however. Less sinister is the idea that some elders may
simply wish to have assistance in managing a large,
complex society.

Those characters whose stake in a society is predi-
cated on being subordinate to more powerful entities,
usually Kindred, are part of a Mentor Anchored group. It
is common for an elder or more powerful coterie to allow
its assets to be used by underlings, and access to a secret
society is no different. A coterie given access to the
Golden Dawn by the hypothetical council of Tremere
who helped arrange its founding would be an example of
a society made with a Mentor Anchored pool. Consider
also, what if groups such as the Theosophical Society
truly did receive their directives from Secret Chiefs from
the astral plane?

© Resources. It is perhaps true that everyone needs
Resources: money, property, goods and credit. It is also
true, within certain bounds, that money can go far
toward buying friends, information and power. Often
overlooked by players, though, is the question: How does
someone become rich without already having some mea-
sure of Influence, Contacts or the like? It is a rare person
who is simply wealthy. Something earned that money,
and something must be done to maintain it. People can
seldom buy power with hard assets alone; they need trust

and credit. Those who have some property and a good
reputation can, with some small effort, acquire for them-
selves loans or the like. A wealthy patron, be it a group
or individual, who provides a character or society with
financial backing is in effect a Resources rating.

Secret Societies Anchored with Resources are predi-
cated on financial power, be it mercantile, banking or
some other source of assets. The power and influence
that other Backgrounds represent is simply bought, or
drawn by the magnetism that money has to attract
power. The Round Table is a society with a truly im-
mense Resources trait for its Anchor.

© Retainers. For asecret society, Retainers are those
menand women who can be counted on to follow orde!
in many cases doing things unacceptable to society at
large. These are the loyal cult members willing to lie,
steal or even take life. They are the inner circle agents,
willing to do whatever it takes to advance the society's
goals. Groups with members of a vocation already predis-
posed toward visceral action, such as policemen or agents
ofa government or criminal organization, can reflect this
by having fewer Retainers than the number of dots would
indicate but who are individually more skilled.

A society with Retainers as its Anchor is one with
many agents actively and loyally working toward its
goals. The efforts of these agents earn the group its other
assets: money, spies or control. The Dynamiter Knights
of King Mob are a group with a Retainers Anchor; it is
powerful because its members actively pursue their group's

CHAPTER ONE: BEHIND THE FACADE



Chapter Iwo:
The Twilight
Globe

Te-ni t, fA Lng ual thin shal tide,
Tope Gs Lt and fain —

ant, SIbPIOSS, OpOn b if
Kein RCoth ere frites
brill u with 0 aur A other s in,
is Rudyard ploy "Po "Daun"

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

The United Kingdom

The United Kingdom is the proving ground for the Victorian ethos.
London's prominence as the seat of the British Empire remains undisputed,
to be sure, but the Kingdom's other regions make their mark upon the
Victorian paradigm as well. Life in the cradle of the Industrial Revolution
quickens at a hitherto undreamt pace, transforming previously unremark-
able towns and counties into the engines of industry and commerce.
Intellectual, scientific and political advances augment the economic suc-
cess of the "workshop of the world," affording (some of) the Queen's subjects
a splendid existence. The waves of modernization sweep up the islands'
Kindred in their surge, and opportunities to claim power and influence
separate from the capital do not go unnoticed by those vampires in the
outlying fiefs.

The Industrial Axis

Outside of London, the industrial cities of the north and in Wales make
the greatest impact. Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds and Bradford stand at
the forefront of economic power, and their ascension transforms the social
and political landscape for Kindred and kine alike. Connected to the rest of
the British Isles by the growing railway network and to the Atlantic trade
routes by the port of Liverpool, the north redefines rhythms of labor,
population, social theory and standards of living.

The factories and mines attract laborers from rural areas throughout the
islands. Cities swell with people and their amenities: by the closing decades
of the century the northern counties rival even London in population. The
frenetic growth is not devoid of consequences. Housing was often haphazard
at best during the formative years of the 1840s; while a few owners built new
dwellings in anticipation of boom times, workers mostly claimed every inch
of space in older Georgian mansions abandoned by prosperous nobility in a
mass exodus to the countryside. The famous "row houses" go up only in the
1880s; by then the overcrowding, atrocious sanitation and water quality,
disease and death are already legend.

Manchester

Sitting 180 miles northeast of London, Manchester is the manufactur-
ing pioneer of the United Kingdom, with more than a hundred cotton
factories. While industry grew steadily during the boom of the 1840s, a
"cotton famine" in the 1860s reversed this phenomenon, and now the
massive mills have fallen silent in the later Victorian era, suffering from
increasing international competition and European-wide economic dis-
tress.

Nevertheless, Market Street, the main thoroughfare, remains "the most
congested street in Europe," its narrow path crammed with residents of the
thousands of brick houses thrown up without any real nod to civil engineer-
ing. Thousands more from the suburbs, many of them immigrants, commute
to the city by tram and rail to join these urban folk. Kine and Kindred alike
walk the streets under a constant patina of black dust belching from factory
stacks. Gardens, public or private, are viable only in those suburbs un-
touched by factories. The rivers, despite the city's best efforts, remain filthy
ditches.


Time, the Measure of All Things

Apart from the 12- and 14-hour days, the widespread child labor and an unsafe working environment,
the machine-made discipline and "steadiness" of the factory system seep into every aspect of workers' lives.

The rhythm ofa society where people labored on farms or as individual artisans was very different. Work
was done from sunup to sundown in the fields, and by candlelight deep into the evenings in some
professions. The individual tasks determined the amount of time thatwas spent working. Field hands and
journeymen controlled the tempo of their daily labors, simply picking up the pace if they saw themselves
falling behind. Harvest time brought entire villages together to assist in the gathering of crops. People
socialized during the day inthe field and the smithy. Regular market days, traveling fairs and religious feast
days regularly broke up the week.

This all ends with the factory system. The advent of reliable clocks in the 18th century completely
transforms not only the nature of work but also the nature of life itself. Production quotas drive the worker's
day. The time spentat the loom orthe steam engine belongs to the employer, and he expects every possible
moment to be put to productive use. Socializing disappears, replaced by lists of fines meted out for
lollygagging on the job. Work and home life become two separate things; a person's "job" becomes
something he goes to do and comes home from: Time off for religious feasts and market fairs vanishes;
worship and shopping take place on Sunday and Sunday alone. With their lives rescheduled according to
the mill orthe mine, the majority of workers find that their new "free time" requires some getting used to.
Men and women both get drunk. Men, much less likely to suffer either physical impairment or social stigma
for siring children out of wedlock, also pursue getting laid.

Kindred in the Manchester fief have seized quiet
advantage from the city's expansion. Spurred on by the
thinkers of the Manchester School, which opposed gov-
ernment interference in trade and economics,
up-and-coming "bourgeois" Kindred diligently construct
a northern sphere of influence to offset the power of
Mithras' London. With the upheaval surrounding
Mithras' disappearance and the uncertain fate of the
London seneschal, several Mancunian powerbrokers seek
to carve out a center of not-so-loyal opposition within
the Avalonian court structure. The opening of the
Manchester Ship Canal in 1894, which directly con-
nects the city to Atlantic trade and bypasses the port at
Liverpool, provides the first truly independent link that
Manchester Kindred have to the rest of Europe.

Apart from the factories and their necessary trans-
port routes, the rest of the city contains the typical
conveniences of a major Victorian conurbation. Busi-
ness and banking establishments are concentrated along
Market Street. City government and cultural houses,
including the Victoria University of Manchester, the old
Royal Infirmary and the royal exchange, are located in
the southern part. As befits a city dedicated to industry
and technology, Manchester boasts many scientific and
literary associations, including the famous Literary and
Philosophical Society. For those individuals looking for
a more refined atmosphere, Manchester has 53 public

parks and open spaces, nine theaters and the Bellevue
Zoological Gardens.

Despite recent economic unease, Manchester's sym-
bolic poweras the "shock city" of the Industrial Revolution
remains unsurpassed. It focuses ambition in the mortal
population, both among owners whose newfound wealth
fuels their ambition for social "respectability" and among
those in clerical and merchant positions yearning to live
a decent middle-class existence. A sense of utility domi-
nates the region; writers and politicians often speak of a
new social hierarchy, one in which worth is tied to one's
usefulness. This ambition transfers to Kindred as well,
particularly those lower down the generational ladder.
Power is couched in terms distinctly different from the
traditional ones. Those Kindred fortunate enough to
prosper monetarily speak of a separate source of might,
based solely on their affinity with the pace and direction
of modernization. Vitae can always be had among the
600,000 or so inhabitants of Manchester. The coming
wave of power is driven by progress — and many Kindred
are willing to ride it to its highest crest.

The Rural Remainder

The Midlands, with their clipped hedgerows and
well maintained estates, are still the playground of the
nobility when urban pleasures tire and hunting, racing

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE


Sia Transit Gloria Mundi

Princess Alexandra Victoria of the house of Hanover ascended to the throne in 1837. By the time of her
death in 1901, she ruled an empire whose scope had not been seen since the heyday of Rome. She gave her
name to an age of astounding social, intellectual and political change. Yet eyenas she received the crown from
William Howley, the 91st Archbishop of Canterbury, Victoria and her fellow aristocrats' place in society was
already eroding.

By the midpoint of her reign in 1870, the changes wrought by the Industrial Revolution push the
aristocracy farther and farther toward the margins. Factories displace landed estates as the main generator of
income, robbing the nobility of their traditional symbol of strength — the land. Medieval scenes of the all-
powerful lord of the manor ruling iron-fisted over flocks of serfs are no more. The increase of property owners
among the bourgeoisie leads to an influx of voters throughout the United Kingdom, thus diluting the nobles'
traditional political power as representatives to national parliaments. Education opens to the middle class,
affording their sons a chance at Oxford and Cambridge, or at least one of the many newer universities. The
army, whose officers fepresent another bastion of aristocratic presence, is not spared transformation.
Traditional military values of courage, loyalty and steadfastness — the pillars of the noble mindset — are
supplanted by the bourgeois standbys of technical know-how, improvisation and enterprise.

The values of the Victorian age—progress, originality, risk-taking—are foreign to many aristocrats
(though of course some of the-great adventurers, explorers, inventors and other risk-takers of the day are also
lords). Raised in an atmosphere of leisure and dilettantism, they have neither the experience nor the training
to perceive the direction in which the world is moving. The lucky few adapt to the new age, and some even
excel in their newfound talents. Most, however, do not.

and the like seem more appealing. Cities like Bath in
Somerset have become social and recuperative centers
for the well heeled. Yet low wages and scarce industry
grip the majority of the south. East Anglia and the
counties south of the Thames fare no better. The in-
creased mobility of ordinary people taking leisure trips to
the southern and eastern coastal cities offsets economic
stagnation, but the impact is minimal. Moreover, the
influx of strangers from London and other prosperous
regions breeds culture shock between the Queen's rari-
fied subjects and rough-hewn locals.

Farther north in Yorkshire and the counties border-
ing Scotland, isolated farmhouses and one-house estates
eke out a basic subsistence on a brooding and desolate
landscape. In Yorkshire, the abundance of coal and a
busy ship-building industry help the standard of living,
both as inexpensive fuel and as a bargaining chip for
laborers, who are paid better to remain on the farm as
incentive to dissuade them from going to work down the
mines.

Glastonbury

The Winchester fief, which encompasses Bath,
Glastonbury and Salisbury along with Winchester itself,
has stood in perennial opposition to London for centu-
ties, mainly due to the immense thaumaturgical nexus of
Glastonbury Tor and its environs. (Mithras' lasting ha-
tred for Tremere also encourages adversarial thinking on

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

ene

the part of the Winchester and Glastonbury vampires.)
The rise of spiritualism and the concomitant decline of
organized religious authority play into the hands of the
Tremere. The surge of interest among artists and schol-
ars to recapture the mythic Arthurian past only enhances
the importance of the region.

The number of mystical sites in and around
Glastonbury is staggering. The Tor is the oldest and most
famous, one of four hills jutting impressively from the
otherwise flat plain that overlooks the town. The Tor,
along with nearby Chalice and Wearyall Hills, comprise
parts of an immense zodiac, 10 miles in diameter and 30
miles in circumference, that marks the landscape. (As
the zodiac can only be seen from a height of at least
20,000 feet, it will be "hidden" from mortal eyes until
1927.) Out of the Tor's lower western slope thrusts the
Living Rock, a megalith power stone that releases a mild
electrical current to anyone who touches it. The Living
Rock designates the site of the Tor Fair, which is ru-
mored to be linked to Glastonbury's "Faery Fairs" where
the (supposed) faerie folk gather.

Atop the Tor sits the remains of a castle built close
to two thousand years ago. Legend holds it to be the old
Celtic stronghold of Gwynn ap Nudd, the ruler of the
underworld known as Annwn. Reachable by a seven-
tiered ascending labyrinthine path, the castle was
supposedly claimed by King Arthur, who made it his
keep after journeying to Annwn to rescue Guinevere. Its


A 3, 0.95 85

erstwhile owners notwithstanding, the castle atop the
Tor remains a powerful thaumaturgical focus, one which
the area's Tremere take great pains to guard in the hope
that they might harness its energies. Such guardianship
has gone to drastic lengths in centuries past. Upon the
discovery of Arthur's grave in the 1100s, stones from the
castle were used to build the Church of St. Michael atop
the Tor. The church stood for a few years before an
earthquake razed it in the 13th century. More than one
Kindred puts the incident down to a group of Tremere
mages causing the collapse.

The castle was further dismantled to build
Glastonbury Abbey, which stood until Henry VIII closed
itin 1539. The Abbey grounds contain several Christian
sites, including the Chalice Well, the Pilgrim's Bath and
the grotto at the White Spring, said to mark yet another
entrance to the underworld. The legend of the Holy
Grail centers on Glastonbury — Joseph of Arimathea
reportedly buried the sacred cup on the grounds of the

a7 49> 2

later abbey. After the abbey's closure, the townspeople
salvaged its stones to build many of the houses in
Glastonbury proper. Amazingly to some, the Tremere
allowed this use of the stones. In fact, over the years the
magical energies therein have aided the area's Kindred in
cowing the mortal population.

Now the renaissance in all things Arthurian has
encouraged the Tremere-led primogen to enlarge the
buffer between themselves and London. Primogen repre-
sentatives travel to nearby Bath during the season and
consult with other Kindred opposed to Lady Anne's
position in London. Several Toreador, influenced by the
writings of Tennyson, Swinburne, Rossetti and other
Arthurophiles, express great interest in an alliance with
the Glastonbury contingent. These Toreador and some
of the Tremere also infiltrate many antiquarian societies,
whose research into Britain's church architecture has led
to several interesting discoveries in the sacred geometry
of the region.

Dorts: The Lifeblood of Civilization

The docks are the centerof communication forany civilized nation. Britain runs her empire though ports
like London, Bristol, Liverpool and Glasgow. The trade and travelers flowing through are crucial to the
flourishing of the empire. It's much the same in every other European nation and from the Americas to the

Far East.

The ports are built and operated entirely by private companies, often to great profit. Government
authority oyer the waterfront won't begin for decades yet, driven in large measure. by:the demands of

twentieth-century wars.

London's docks, as suits a city that lies at the heart of the greatestempire the world has seen, handle more

ships than most ports could conceive of: a staggering 2,000 or more ships heave to every year. The ships using
the docks are split fairly evenly between great sailing ships, including the famous clippers which made the
India run, and newfangled steam-driven boats. In London and some other particularly busy port cities, the
congestion sometimes grows so great that boats must drop anchor offshore and wait for a few days for a dock
to become free.

The larger ports, in particular those with rivers running through them, usually have passenger steamers
working their way up and down the river too, meaning that the port-has to cater to local as well as long-
distance travelers.

The Waterfront by.Day

A gentleman taking a daytime constitutional walk down to the local docks may find much to interest
and amuse him. As he approaches the docks, he sees a veritable forest of masts rising above the surrounding
buildings. Chimneys belch dark smoke into the air, while a multitude of flags of different nations flap in the
breeze. Beneath them, great vaulted warehouses rise into the sky, dwarfing the smaller offices and dwellings
around them.

Now the scent begins to assail his nostrils: wine and spices, sweat and wood smoke, animals and tobacco.
The air is full of the sound of dozens of tongues, as sailors and travelers from all parts of the world mingle,
talk and work.

As the gentleman enters the dock proper, he finds huge crates, barrels and containers strewn all around.
The noise of sailors singing songs — some bawdy, some unusual and distinctly foreign — gives a musical


background to the general din. Chains clatter, ropes and anchors splash as they hit the water, and the
orders of captains and foreman ring out clearly.

Most of the workers around the gentleman have been hired as casual labor, working by the day oreven
by the hour on specific jobs. Work goes through peaks and troughs and most laborers can expect long
periods of unemployment. Few employers ask for any experience or qualifications, so plenty of competition
always exists. That competition keeps wages down to pennies an hour.

Few of those working on the docks will ask the gentleman his business, merely try to get him out of
the way of acrate coming down from a crane, acart loaded with luggage coming up from behind him and
other immediate distractions. In the general bustle, almost everyone will assume the gentleman has some
legitimate business with someone else.

The Waterside by Night

A Kindred making that same constitutional by the light of the moon encounters a very different
prospect. It is far quieter now, and the sounds of the waves lapping against the sides of the boats can heard
clearly. Those workers with a steady income have retreated to their homes a decent distance away from
the docks. The casual workers, most of whom live in the shabby dwellings that cluster tightly around the
docks, are still yery much in evidence, as are the visiting sailors.

The public houses are full of noise and light as seaman and dockhand alike seek to spend their earnings
in as pleasant a manner as possible. This explains the presence of ladies whose affections are available for
a few pennies. Men who choose not to indulge themselves in the pleasures of the flesh often choose
fisticuffs instead; dockside brawls are common throughout the Victorian era.

The owners of the docks are partly to blame. Many of them pay their wages on Friday night in the local
public houses, in the hope that the workers will drink away most of their wages before they even receive
them. This brings the money straight back into the owners' pockets and keeps the men dependent on the
dock companies for work. Not surprisingly, many of the workers' wives besiege those pubs, seeking to stop
their feckless husbands from drinking away the week's food money.

The docks are not completely lawless. Most of the shipping companies and the dock owners employ
their own security guards and police forces to keep order by both day and night. Of course, they focus on
the security of the goods and vessels and not at all on the law of the land. Their job is not an easy one: the
ships and warehouses full of goods from-all corners of the empire and other foreign parts are tempting
targets.

Cargo may lie unattended for days or even weeks while customs issues are resolved or outbound ships
made seaworthy and crews recruited. These neglected cargoes look attractive to the local underworld, and
most cities play host to one or more highly organized gangs of dock thieves. In the final decades of the
nineteenth century, London-based shipping firms build the enclosed dock. Ships enter such a dock
through a lock, so that the vessels can float on an even keel in deep water whatever the state of the tides.
This speeds the process of loading and unloading, allowing the goods to move to and from the warehouse
far more quickly. The large walls surrounding these docks deter all but the most determined gangs from
attempting to raid the warehouses.

A gentleman of any wealth and standing would do well to avoid the area, or at the very least take care
to disguise himself well as one of the lower classes. Should he travel through the docks without such a
costume, he can expect to find himself set upon by ruffians and brigands and, if he is particularly
unfortunate, greeting the dawn in a watery grave.

Many gentlemen travel there in groups, though, usually well protected by police officers. These
slumming parties sometimes come with philanthropic intent, to ease the suffering of the poor and
uneducated. More often, though, they come seeking tawdry entertainment with an element of risk. Many
of the opium houses that prosper in the shadows of the docks hold refined gentlemen smoking alongside
coarse, burly dockhands.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION


Scotland and Ireland

The Acts of Union (incorporating Scotland in 1707
and Ireland in 1800) do not sit well with large sections of
the mortal populations; the Kindred populations, whose
memories are far longer, regard the concurrent rise of the
London fief as similarly unwelcome.

The landscape of both places shares a preternatural
grandeur that the primness of the London cityscape
cannot equal. Scotland's mountains, moors, roaring wa-
terfalls and craggy outcroppings imbue the nation and its
natives with a militant self-assuredness and a distrust of
their genteel southern neighbors. To be sure, vampires
native to Scotland retain the gruff, boisterous, violent
nature that flourished in the mortal clans before the
Highland clearances shattered their power and scattered
their remnants. The rise of industry in Edinburgh and
Glasgow attracts some enterprising Camarillans, but
both cities' fiefs are rent by internal struggles resulting
from their decline in the wake of union with England. As
a Toreador stronghold of long standing, the Edinburgh
fief is closely connected to some of London's very com- Meee iy
plex politics (see London by Night for details). The Lops iE
villages in the lowland south, as well as those in the Mae My
mountainous north, contain few if any Kindred; they iy
have surrendered much of the countryside to indigenous

Na,
L
Len:

an
vial

(ay
Mae

M

Ly
uy

LP
OF

ta,
Ds
miata
ite:
Lp
wig,

i

Yt
ty)

M,
werewolves and other monsters of the wilderness. ALE LIN
Lips

The political atmosphere in the capital of Dublin,
where Home Rule is the only issue that matters, galva-
nizes the Connachta fief, which considers itself
historically to be the main antagonist of Mithras' court.
The kine tug-of-war between unionists and Irish nation-
alists produces alternating feelings of elation, despair and
violence, which the Kindred tap to their advantage and
feed on as readily as they do vitae. The dynamic in the Se
vast agrarian locales contrasts sharply. Here the influ- = \wES Oe
ence of the Catholic Church, manifested in local priests ¥ =
and an abundance of "chapels" (an understatement for
the imposing churches that dot the land), is ironclad
among the faithful.

Dublin

Dublin sits on the bay of the Liffey River, which
divides the capital into two halves; the city proper is
bounded by the Circular Road. Twelve bridges cross the
river, the main one being O'Connell Bridge, which
connects Sackville Street (the city's main thoroughfare)
with the majoravenues in the southern part. On Sackville
itself are the city's main hotels and the post office. The
avenue's southern end is marked by the monument to the
great Irish freedom fighter Daniel O'Connell, and its
northern end spills into Rutland Square, home of the


Rotunda, a popular public house with several meeting
rooms available well into the evening.

The banks of the Liffey feature several government
buildings, including the prison, the royal barracks and
the "Four Courts" complex, which houses law courts, the
Board of Trade, the Local Government Board and other
municipal headquarters. Many other government build-
ings, offices and suites around the city lie vacant after the
divestiture of national authority. Kindred often use these
places for meetings and "political societies" to plot
Connachta-sanctioned intrigues against the London fief.

Dublin Castle sits south of the riveron Westmoreland
Street, fronting the city hall, and is where the Connachta
fief is headquartered. Westmoreland also houses the
Bank of Ireland and Trinity College, which houses a
trove of ancient manuscripts, including the Book of
Kells. To the west lies Phoenix Park, with the zoological
gardens, the Hibernian military school and the "Fifteen
Acres," a natural amphitheater. Northward lie the bo-
tanical gardens, and to the south the suburb of Rathmines,
the site of "Bloody Fields," where English colonists were
massacred by natives in 1209.

The capital of Ireland has not reaped the bounty of
the 19th century. The transfer of power to London after
the 1800 Act of Union sparked the decline, as hundreds
of Irish government officials and their families aban-
doned those businesses that catered to the needs of
national politics. Trade restrictions, alien rule, oppres-
sive laws meted out to keep down an "inferior" population,
religious strife and the great famine of 1845 accelerated
the velocity of the fall, and now Dublin is one of the
poorer "capitals" of Europe. The influence of the
Connachta fief also withered in the wake of the transfer
of mortal power. As Connachta lost sway, London ben-
efited, a circumstance welcomed by none of the Brujah
or Toreador who command the fief's primogen. Yet even
as Dublin's economic fortunes dwindle, literature and
the arts bloom. By the late 1890s the capital reaps the
cultural wheat of Yeats, Joyce, O'Casey and other cre-
ative giants of Ireland.

While the Toreador might appreciate such literary
output, it little ameliorates the real-world political situ-
ation. The anti-London zeal of Connachta's Brujah has
not gone unnoticed in London, and over the years
representatives from the two fiefs have played political
chess over their stature in the Court of Avalon. Kindred
with influence in the press trade barbs back and forth,
suffused in the vitriol over the Home Rule issue. Parlia-
mentary bills are alternately passed and quashed, and
political violence and assassination of key mortal allies
heightens tensions between the two camps. Nerves are

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

frayed on both sides, and any thought of a peaceful,
equitable settlement has long since disappeared.

Pronunciation Guide

Here is a rough guide to certain tricky names
in this chapter, in order of appearance. The pro-
nunciations here reflect relatively informed and
clear speech and might change greatly in the
mouth of a character with a thick regional accent,
speech impediment or advanced stage of intoxica-
tion.

Mancunian: man-CUE-nee-an., (The
Latinized adjective for all things Manchester.)

Celtic: KELL-tik.. (Hard "k," not like the
basketball team.)

Gwynn ap Nudd: Gwinn uhp NOOTHE.
("Nudd" rhymes with "smooth.")

Annwn: AHN-oon.

Eire: AIR.

Yeats: YATES. (Rhymes with "gates.")

Isar: EE-sahr.

Frauenplatz: FROW-en-plahtz.

Landshut: LANZ-hoot.

Pontchartrain: PONE-shar-train.

Borgne: BORN.

Vieux Carré: vyoo kahr-AY. ("Vieux" sort of
sounds like "view.")

Place d'Armes: PLAHSS DARM.

Métis: may-TEE.

Riel: REE-el.

Caudillos: kau-DEE-yos.

Rua do Ouvidor: ROO-ah dough OOV-ee-dor.

Groote Schuur: GROHT-eh SHOOR.
("Schuur" pronounced like "sure," if"sure" were a
two-syllable word.)

Kiau-chau: keeeOW CHOW.

Wei-hai-wei: WAY-HIGH-WAY.

Maori: may-OR-ee.

Europe

While the United Kingdom remains the center of
the late Victorian era, the islands themselves exist in a
state of splendid isolation from the rest of Europe, cozily
shielded from untoward happenings on the Continent.
Much of significance across the social spectrum — mili-
tary conflict, political upheaval, nationalistic activism
and the like — is either muted or missed completely by


the majority of Britons. Many Kindred under the aegis of
the Avalonian court, including the self-styled
powerbrokers in London, deal with their Continental
counterparts only when necessary, preferring to leave
them to their own devices in facing the onslaught of the
modern age.

For their part, the Kindred in Europe hardly appre-
ciate the arm's-length approach of their British cousins.
General opinion holds that, after a certain point, the
more established generations of Kindred are all in it
together, and it does no one any good for the Court of
Avalon effectively to observe the fray bemusedly from a
safe distance across the Channel.

The First Circle of Civilization

Life within the circle of nations closest to the United
Kingdom resembles no period before it. The transforma-
tion of the political landscape, culminating in the creation
of the German Empire in 1871, drastically shifts the
balance of power. Diplomats envy and fear Chancellor
Otto von Bismarck's unparalleled acumen in joining
together no less than 3,000 different entities into a
cohesive whole. Through a careful strategy of electoral
maneuvering, parliamentary bullying and rally-around-
the-flag warmongering, Bismarck has constructed a
geopolitical force on the Continent poised to claim
supremacy in all matters affecting Europe. Bolstered by
the incredible scientific discoveries constantly pouring
from the empire's factories and research institutions,
German ingenuity and cleverness appear unstoppable.

Certainly the French, heretofore the dominant politi-
cal voice in Europe, prove no match. Soundly thrashed by
its neighbors to the east in the Franco-Prussian War of
1870-1871, France's star is definitely on the wane. German
triumph shatters the birthplace of the Revolution of 1789
militarily and spiritually. Its technical backwardness ex-
posed, France cedes the historically debated A lsace-Lorraine
provinces to the victors. Blood spills freely during the Paris
Commune of 1871; the resulting Third Republic expends
its energies defending its legitimacy against all comers, most
of them internal. Radicals gain ground and scandals blos-
som. The toxic atmosphere of the Dreyfus Affair grips the
country in the 1890s and eventually emasculates the rem-
nants of the army.

Switzerland and the Low Countries, for their part,
play the role of cautious observers. Parliamentary de-
mocracy enjoys a relatively stable and well ordered
accession in these countries. Universal manhood suf-
frage comes to Switzerland in 1874 and to Belgium and
the Netherlands in the 1890s. While Switzerland prac-
tices true democracy (having modeled its 1848
constitution on that of the United States), the Low

Countries prefer constitutional monarchies, where royal
wishes are communicated through prime ministers. The
spread of voting rights erodes true kingly influence and
moves these entities closer to workable democracy. Re-
gardless, everyone keeps one eye on the not-so-subtle
shoving match between Germany and France (and to a
lesser extent England), as diplomatic niceties can do
only so much.

Strasbourg

Alsace-Lorraine is an eternally disputed territory,
passing from French to German control, and over and
back again, in every European war worth mentioning.
Strasbourg, the nominal capital of the region, has seen
every bit of every battle, siege, handover and reclama-
tion, and its Kindred have learned to take the constant
back-and-forth with the proverbial enigmatic Gallic
shrug that passes for comment on the ways of the world.
Currently administered by a joint civil and military
government reporting to Berlin, Strasbourg also houses
a Catholic see and the headquarters of the 15th Corps of
the German army. The city itself boasts redoubtable
fortifications (its original planners not being complete
fools) and hosts a garrison of more than 16,000 men ofall
arms, in place since the surrender in 1871.

Strasbourg retains much of its medieval character,
with narrow, irregular streets running throughout the
heart of town toward prominent buildings like Miinster
Cathedral and the Episcopal palace. Those edifices that
were destroyed in the war are now being rebuilt and
expanded. Strasbourg now boasts some of the finest
examples of modern public architecture in Europe, in-
cluding the new home for the University of Strasbourg
and its technical colleges and faculties, the college obser-
vatory and the teaching hospitals on the south of the old
town. The main occupations of Strasbourg have not
changed since the Middle Ages. Tanning, brewing,
winemaking and raising geese for foie gras are as profit-
able as everand are complemented by modern production
of steel goods, paper and furniture.

The city's position on the Rhine, and its connection
by canals to the Rhone and Marne Rivers, keeps trade
moving briskly. Strasbourg's real value, however, is its
strategic position: on the border of France and Germany,
a short trip downriver to Switzerland or upriver to the
Low Countries. While the region is mostly German, the
population does not appreciate the occupation — hav-
ing suffered harsh exactions during the war, hard feelings
run deep in the city and the province. While any real
armed conflict between Kindred was minimized, the
typically overofficious Prussian martial law makes coex-
istence among the clans an uneasy bargain.

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE


Kindred regard Strasbourg as a convenient point of
departure to practically anywhere in Western Europe,
and the city's primogen are content to maintain the old
garrison town as a free city for travelers with the ability
to pay their way and the requisite brains not to cause
trouble. Doing so under cover of a resented mortal rule,
for some, is an ideal method of deflecting attention away
from vampiric machinations. For others, it is existence
ona knife's edge.

Munich

The Kindred of the old Holy Roman Empire are an
historically stubborn and prideful lot. Believing them-
selves the inheritors of the ancient states of Charlemagne,
they have not reacted well to the swiftness of Bismarckian
unification. Gluing together a bewildering assortment of
kingdoms, principalities, margravates, dukedoms and
overgrown backyards into a functioning empire plays
rather loose with delicacy, and more than one vampire's
boundary has been violated in the quest for oneness.
Kindred throughout the Kaiserreich plainly oppose the
new arrangements, and none can match the fervor of
denunciation coming from their counterparts in Munich.

Munich occupies an elevated plain on the Isar River,
midway between Strasbourg and Vienna. The old town
is laid out in a semicircle fronting the river, threaded
with the usual unplanned narrow cobblestone streets,
while the modern part of the city expands outward from
the periphery. Munich itself is a work of art, its construc-
tion aping architecture from other countries and eras: a
simple stroll through the city affords one a tour of the last
two thousand years of human creativity. Rebuilding
efforts have widened many streets, and along them sit
palatial mansions and public buildings, as well as many
gardens and parks, including the 600-acre Englischer
Garten in the northwest. Two of the main streets, the
Ludwigstrasse and the Maximilianstrasse, feature most of
the signature churches, banks, government buildings
and museums. Both streets empty into the center of the
old town, near the Frauenplatz main square. The Bavar-
ian national museum houses an immense scientific
collection. The library owns more than one million
volumes, and the University of Munich, which moved
from Landshut in 1800, is one of the finest technical
centers in Europe.

Unification went very badly for Munich and Ba-
varia. Restrictive anti-Catholic laws and policies enacted
during the Kulturkampf of the 1870s burdened the over-
whelmingly Catholic province, making it a rallying
point for anti-imperialist movements. Following the
chancellor's lead, the prince of Berlin, Gustav
Breidenstein, made a play to enlarge his own power base,

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

sending legates south to establish alliances against the
Munich Kindred. Reacting, Kindred in the capital of old
Bavaria have set themselves in square disagreement with
Breidenstein. The primogen secretly dispatches repre-
sentatives throughout southern Germany and into
Austria, Switzerland and Italy to drum up allies against
Breidenstein's all-encompassing rule, albeit with ini-
tially mixed results.

Munich's Kindred also engage in secret discussion
with the leader of the Berlin opposition, the Malkavian
Sophia Lustig, hoping to open a second front. Neither
Berlin's nor Munich's Kindred delude themselves about
the dearness of the stakes. Germany is amassing influ-
ence in political, scientific and economic spheres at an
unnerving rate, and whoever controls Germany will find
it laughably simple to direct the future of Western
Europe.

The Second Circle

The nations of southern and eastern Europe con-
tinue along their largely agricultural focus, yet the lack of
steam-powered industry does not preclude evolution in
other realms. Nationalist movements spur political uni-
fication in Italy and Austria-Hungary, marshaling
disparate ethnicities and regions under common states.

Statecraft of this nature finds antagonists in many
corners. Ruling monarchs are loath to grant credence to
nationalist movements, fearful of enfeebling their own
power. Localized nationalities complain about their new
(and often diminished) roles in the unified states. Czechs
and Slovaks voice a desire for their own independent
state based in the traditional region of Bohemia. Serbs,
Croats and other southern Slavic groups are adamant in
their discomfort with partitioning a single peninsula.
Tsarist Russia, always searching to expand its political
clout, sides openly with these "forgotten" groups, willing
to play the role of an older sibling in supporting these
regions' desire not to be ignored.

Russia's maneuvering is not without precedent. The
aggregate power of the ruling monarchical dynasties
shrinks from its height in the first half of the century,
when the fall of Napoleon and the rise of the Congress of
Vienna led to alliances among the monarchs of Europe
to maintain stability and keep France from repeating the
conquests of the Grande Armée. With more real power
assumed by representative bodies, the royal families fall
back on the old-fashioned way of cementing alliances:
they marry them (or at least arrange for their children to
do so).

Victoria herself leads the way. The "Grandmother of
Europe" orchestrates the marriages of her children and


grandchildren to the ruling houses of Germany, Russia,
Greece, Romania, Spain, Sweden, Norway, Denmark
and the former Bourbon-Orleans line of France. This
intimate twist in European affairs often throws together
Kindred from across Europe who normally have little
reason to interact or hold common interests. The ensu-
ing friction in granting leave to operate in one another's
domains, or in extending hospitality to strangers with
little knowledge of or regard for princes' laws, triggers
universal suspicion.

Sevastopol

Famous primarily for its impregnability during one of
the most famous battles of the Crimean War, Sevastopol
remains Russia's central strategic port of contact with
the rest of Europe. The estuary, situated among the chalk
cliffs on the southwest coast of the Black Sea, is large
enough to accommodate every single ship in all the
navies of Europe — a situation not overlooked by those
English, French and Turkish forces that laid siege to the
town in 1855. Sevastopol withstood the siege, but the
bombardment leveleda large section of the town, driving
out the inhabitants and leaving only 14 buildings stand-
ing.

The tsar granted many privileges to encourage re-
settlement and reconstruction, but less than one eighth
of the prewar citizenry returned to pick up the pieces.
Kindred operating in the region leapt at the opportunity
to increase their influence over the mostly deserted
streets, lording the night over many half-brave, half-
foolish souls who did venture back. The lack of vitae,
however, became an acute problem; it was not long
before a number of vampires commenced surgical strikes
upon each other to winnow down the competition. Yet
rebuilding and replenishment did occur, and Sevastopol
is now one of the prime seaside towns in Europe, offering
sea-bathing resorts and sanatoria for wealthy clients to
relax and recharge on Russia's only warm-water port.
Remade a naval arsenal in 1870 and recommissioned a
military fortress in 1890, the town also houses a marine
research institute and two navigation schools.

It also attracts its share of native Kindred, many of
them Tzimisce and other Sabbat from around Eastern
Europe who reject the cosmopolitan leanings of the
imperial seat at St. Petersburg and harbor incalculable
rage against several Camarilla clans for tagging along
during the siege and moving unhindered about the town.
Rumors of alliances with renegade Assamites in the
Ottoman Empire swirl in the rarefied air of the most
private spas (whose clients are anything but "curable"),
and reports of Kindred meeting unpleasant ends while
hoping for an impromptu Elysian experience increase in

frequency. The majority of western-based Kindred con-
sider the possibility of Sabbat leaders opening a true
eastern front from Sevastopol risible. Only a European-
wide conflict could provide the cover for such an event
coming to fruition. That, to many, is remote at best.

North America

For most Europeans, the New World is that place
where everything is out of proportion, ungoverned and
set irresponsibly loose. It'sa land settled by sordid money-
grubbers, fanatics and recently by the losers in various
European social struggles. Nothing has a proper place to
occupy, in part because its leaders are themselves un-
sound and given to sundry obsessions. For their part,
even Americans who deplore untrammeled social up-
heaval regard Europe as ossified and stagnant.

An American tradition of pulling pranks doesn't
really help matters any. In a series of letters to the Times
of London, Benjamin Franklin inserted deadpan jokes
like " Ignorant People may object that the Upper Lakes
are fresh, and that Cod and Whale are Salt-water Fish:
But let them know, Sir, that Cod, like other Fish, when
attacked by their Enemies, fly into any Water where they
think they can be safest; that Whales, when they have a
Mind to eat Cod, pursue them wherever they fly; and that
the grand Leap of the Whale in that Chace up the Fall of
Niagara is esteemed by all who have seen it, as one of the
finest Spectacles in Nature!" More recently, essayists
like Mark Twain have folded together genuine journal-
ism with straight-faced satire, and when they write about
acontinent with as many genuine mysteries and marvels
as the New World, it's hard to tell the jokes from the
serious passages.

European dignitaries regard the authors of such
works and the authorities who praise them as unreliable.
Americans generally take this lack of respect as a goad to
demonstrate their achievements all the more, to prove
the Old World wrong in its ancient assumptions.

The United States

The United States endures a fitful recovery. Still
grievously wounded from the carnage of the Civil War
(which afforded untold occasions for pockets of Camarilla
and Sabbat to settle scores from back in the Old World),
the healing process has produced deep and unsightly
scars. Beginning with Lincoln's assassination immedi-
ately after the Confederacy's surrender, it was clear that
many in the South were not going to accept the postbellum
arrangements peaceably or willingly. The legacy of Re-
construction and the detritus left by legions of

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE


carpetbaggers hardly helps matters. Military govern-
ments, loyalty oaths, political confusion and social
resentment make for a hard peace between the formerly
warring sides.

Yet the promise of rebirth enraptures the nation.
With a succession of eminently forgettable presidents,
risk-taking businessmen and entrepreneurs wield true
power. Settlements out west, bolstered by a railroad
boom that dwarfs the European system, attract people
seeking to restart their lives after the war's maelstrom.
The population increases by half, totaling 75 million
people by 1900, all driven by dreams of comfort and
prosperity.

Fulfilling such dreams, however, remains elusive.
The scope of industry has not bettered conditions for
workers in America any more than in Europe; life at work
and home has not sloughed off the patina of misery that
so often attaches to the laboring class. Freedmen in the
South find little respite under the erratic sharecropping
system. Poverty, social inferiority and constant suspicion
and violence from lynch mobs and the Ku Klux Klan are
undivorceable from daily life. Immigrants pour into
Eastern ports seeking their fortunes, only to find them-
selves unemployed, disconnected and ghettoized from
the citizenry. The West suffers, too. Once-thriving
boomtowns bust as mines and wells play out, and
overspeculation in the railroad industry leaves tracks
running to places no one cares to go. Cynical treaties
with Indian tribes are routinely broken as each side
trades massacres with the other. Drifters and bandits
roam aimlessly from town to town, terrorizing settlers
and travelers. The "American dream," concentrated in
the enlargement of wealth and capital, is attainable by
only a select few. For the rest, it isa dream in name only.
For others still — for those who know how to manipulate
circumstances to their advantage — the dream is as alive
as ever. Especially for Kindred.

New Orleans

Located just upstream from the mouth of the Missis-
sippi River, New Orleans is like no other city in the
United States. Topographically isolated by the river and
Lakes Pontchartrain and Borgne, New Orleans charms
persons of all backgrounds. The city is the most distinc-
tive portal to the North American continent,
intermingling French, Spaniards, Cubans, Irish, Ger-
mans, Greeks, Croatians, freed slaves, local Indians and
Creoles. Originally a colonial outpost both for the French
and Spanish, New Orleans quickly became a leading
commercial port, emerging as the South's chief cotton
and slave market during the first half of the century. Even
then, the city retained its communal quirks, and such

individuality has only intensified at the close of the
century.

New Orleans is electric with activity. The Vieux
Carré — the old rectangle demarcating the original city
walls — abuts both the modern commercial center of the
American Quarter to the southwest and the ageless
wonder of the French Quarter to the northeast. Canal
Street, the main boulevard in the American Quarter, is
the center of retail and street life in New Orleans,
housing the various mercantile exchanges, the Customs
House and a number of gentlemen's clubs. Lafayette
Square, just off Canal, fronts City Hall, the Post Office,
the Old Fellows' Hall and the churches of St. Patrick's
and First Presbyterian.

The French Quarter, though, is New Orleans, home
of Mardi Gras and the year-round carnivals that fill the
city with its devil-may-care character. Here the bulk of
Kindred establish themselves, partaking of the unfet-
tered nocturnal vice when notslumbering in aboveground
mausolea in the city's many cemeteries. The Spanish
colonial architecture dominates the Quarter, cutting
lush figures with its stucco fagades, huge wrought iron
gates and fences, imposing arches and balconies, opulent
fountains and statues festooned with unruly vines and
drooping foliage. Wide avenues and dusty quadrangles
recall the heyday of colonial governance, especially at
Jackson Square, the old parade ground in the Quarter.
Known also as the Place d'Armes, Jackson Square was
the public agora during colonial rule; it now functions as
a sort of Elysium for Kindred to meet and pass informa-
tion among one another free from possible reprisal. St.
Louis Cathedral sits on the square, flanked by the Cala-
boose and Cabildo, the old Spanish government houses
that are now law courts.

Other landmarks along the Vieux Carré include
Beauregard Square, the former site of New Orleans' slave
auctions, and the former Hotel St. Louis, rebuilt as the
Hotel Royal in 1884, which was the site of the former
Reconstruction government of Louisiana. Some hold-
over Kindred who came with the carpetbaggers still use
the hotel as a base of operations, although they are about
half as welcome as the Yankees were. The military
government during Reconstruction, headed by Union
General Benjamin Butler, cultivated resentment among
many in the city, and the punitive measures affected
Kindred as well. Butler's administration left little room
for the vampiric element to maneuver without attracting
attention from the exacting general. Though it is doubt-
ful that Butler discerned the Kindred's existence, he
damn well knew unrest when he saw it and was deter-
mined to have none of it under his watch.


The end of Reconstruction in 1877 loosened the
restrictions on the city, but it left a contingent of inter-
loper Kindred from the North, who having tasted the
heady draught of power in New Orleansare eager to savor
its bouquet a while longer. Concentrated in the Ameri-
can Quarter and operating out of the venerable St.
Charles Hotel, these Kindred (mostly Ventrue) hope to
bring the more modern neighborhoods of the city under
their dominion, leaving the French Quarter and the
older colonial sections to the native, albeit bizarre,
Kindred. At first, comity was grudgingly accepted; the
Toreador prince exercised an uncharacteristic episode of
goodwill by allowing one representative into the primogen
council with a sort of minister-without-portfolio status.
Lately, though, the Northern upstarts have used the
city's role as a port of entry to bring a contingent of
Giovanni merchants and necromancers from the Old
World, hoping to gain useful allies against the primogen.
The turning point came in 1890, with the murder of a
New Orleans police superintendent by a gang of Sicilian
immigrants — the resulting anti-Italian feelings among
the population look to be just the thing for the primogen
tomakea significant move against the Ventrue-Giovanni
coalition in one fell swoop. Of course, the Giovanni
didn't get where they are today by being pushovers, and
they don't plan on vacating their position without a big,
bloody, costly fight.

Canada

In 1880 Canada is scarcely a dozen years old, having
been granted dominion status by the Queen. As adomin-
ion, Canada makes its own law while retaining allegiance
to the mother country. This status — the first of its kind
in the British Empire — places the True North in an
awkward position regarding its own identity. United by
one constitution under the British North America Act
of 1867, Canada still fends off undue influence from the
United States and struggles to hold the several provinces
together in its own right.

The internal dynamic of Canada in the latter part of
the century does not resemble that of a stable and

content political entity. Several distinct communities
exist in the provinces, each with strident views as to their
relative worth in the confederation. Québec, the only

non-British province in the country, vociferously guards
its peculiar French Catholic culture from encroaching
waves of British and Irish immigrants. The Maritime
Provinces in the east — New Brunswick, Nova Scotia
and Prince Edward Island — fret about their potential
isolation; it was only the promise of a railway system
connecting them with the metropolises of Montreal and

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE


Toronto that cajoled the Maritimes into joining the
confederation. Ontario, the largest and most modern
province, arrogantly opposes Québec on practically ev-
ery matter. Manitoba remains mostly desolate, and British
Columbia on the Pacific coast, separated by the vast
western territories, may as well be on another planet.

The railroad makes true unity possible. The Cana-
dian Pacific Railway, opened in 1885, connects the
provinces with Ottawa; it alone can shuttle members of
Parliamentto the capital. The railway symbolizes progress
and civilization across the immense prairies and forests,
transporting freight and people into the uncharted re-
gions. Lesser railways branch off the CP, funneling
optimistic settlers into newly carved farmlands and log-
ging and mining communities. Canada enjoys a small
economic boom during this time, with towns flourishing
along the CP line. Toronto, Montreal and the other
major cities explode in population as immigrants fill the
streets.

Success exacts a price, though: increased settle-
ments in the interior run afoul of the many native tribes
in the vast western territories. Sporadic fights between
natives and settlers culminate in the North West Rebel-
lion of 1885, when the native Métis leader Louis Riel
forms an illegal provisional government in what will
later become Saskatchewan. Riel and his followers trade
surgical strikes with Mounties and volunteers through-
out southern Saskatchewan until a federal force arrives
and finally captures Riel, who is tried for treason under
an obscure 500-year-old English law and hanged soon
after.

Kindred weigh their prospects carefully in Canada.
While the lure of hegemony over small bands of settlers
is strong, the perils of an existence in isolation cannot be
shunted aside. The wilderness — which encompasses,
essentially, everything more than 190 miles north of the
U.S. border — teems with native werewolves who,
already threatened by the influx of railroads and settlers
into their pristine realms, are more than willing to loose
their rage upon the vampire who takes a haven some-
place he oughtn't. Moreover, while towns grow in certain
regions of the west, the bulk of the population migrates
to the major cities: Toronto and Montreal in the east,
Winnipeg and Vancouver in the west. Thus the rural
populace depletes, and to maintain any semblance of
power or regular store of vitae, Kindred follow the human
movements into the burgeoning urban centers — sacri-
ficing their hopes of calm, undisturbed havens foranother
round of lethal competition with the other vampires
prowling the cities.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Toronto

Toronto, one of the largest and most influential
cities in the dominion, sits on the northern shore of Lake
Ontario, almost dead north from Niagara Falls. Toronto
is the seat of government for the province of Ontario,
containing the parliament buildings and law courts, as
well as the prestigious University of Toronto, famous for
exemplary faculties in arts, sciences and medicine. The
city itself is mainly residential, with most of the popula-
tion enjoying a bit of elbow room along relatively
uncramped streets. Consequently the city is widespread,
with many parks and secluded green spaces scattered
throughout the municipality.

Toronto is the center of a vast agricultural commu-
nity insouthern Ontario, which accounts for many of the
nonmanufacturing goods that the city exports to the
other provinces and south of the border. It is the business
and commercial center of the fledgling nation; five
branches of regional railways emanate from the city,
following the St. Lawrence River east and roughly skirt-
ing the Great Lakes to the west and into Manitoba. The
Canadian Pacific, however, is not one of the five. Being
a Montreal-funded enterprise, the CP connects only to
Ottawa, bypassing Toronto completely — a fact that
infuriates Torontonians to no end. The Kindred in
Toronto view this arrangement exactly as do the city's
business and political leaders —as a deliberate slap in the
face from the Québécois, with Ottawa as a willing pawn.
The majority of Toronto's Kindred, as befits their re-
gional nature, loathe the Montreal sects with a white-hot
intensity. Convinced that the lot of transplanted self-
important Frenchies wield unwarranted authority over
dominion politics, the Toronto primogen are deter-
mined to position themselves, through their business
and political connections, as the sole power in the
developed provinces.

México

Freshly independent from Spain in 1823, México
lost half of her territory — Texas, California, Arizona
and New Mexico— to the United States in the Mexican
War in 1848. Compounding this national shame,
México's ineffectual leaders borrowed huge amounts of
money from European banks at disastrous terms. When
the government defaulted, a combined armed force from
Britain, France and Spain launched an invasion in 1861
to seize México's ports and force repayment. France took
the matter a step further. Emperor Napoléon III schemed
to establish a French capital with his brother-in-law, the
Austrian archduke Maximilian, as a figurehead ruler.
Maximilian was executed several years later, but then


the United States turned its gaze southward. Relying on
the Monroe Doctrine to keep European colonization out
of México, the U.S. flexed its muscles in the region and
became the Colossus of the North, a lurking menace
ready to descend on the fragile and battered nation.
Within México, chaos and corruption reigned. Rival
political leaders exacted tribute from citizens and for-
eigners, and local authorities allowed robbers and
murderers free rein.

In 1876, an innkeeper's son named Porfirio Diaz
took power, determined to restore order. He did so
ruthlessly. Diaz has quelled the criminal elements, doused
the flames of civil strife and rescued the economy from
near bankruptcy. He rules with a piercing understanding
of the hostility among the different ethnicities and
classes in the country, anda willingness to juggle tactand
mercilessness in maintaining stability. Diaz had his start
under President Benito Juarez, an educated Indian who
managed to rise to power in the face of very common
bigotry and persecution, and whose lasting legacy to
México is the separation of church and state (a change
that upset many Kindred schemes along with mortal
plans). Diaz has preserved that legacy along with his own
innovations.

Diaz enlists bandits as rurales, or local law officers, to
kill one another with the blessing and encouragement of
the federal government. He arranges executions of crimi-
nal leaders, staging them as failed escape attempts from
prison, and he reappoints rival cabinet members as the
governors of hell-and-gone states. Diaz balances the
tensions between Spanish Mexicans, half-caste mestizos
and native Indian tribes with an eerily disarming nature,
issuing orders in a calm and level, but always final, tone
of voice. It is this relentless absolutism that characterizes
México, truly a one-man state.

Mexico City

Diaz himself took Mexico City from Maximilian in
1867, driving foreign influence out of the country for
good. Like its deliberate ruler, Mexico City itself is
meticulously laid out, compact and almost exactly ori-
ented with the main points on the compass. It is said to
have close to 900 streets and alleys, but this is primarily
due to the habit of renaming streets every block. The
city's amenities are quite modern, with stone- and as-
phalt-paved roads and both electric and gas lighting in
most areas. The arrival of electricity has encouraged a
large number of industries to establish themselves in the
capital and its outskirts. Power plants, in fact, are the
crucial elements in México's prosperity, running the 155
factories and manufacturing houses.

95, 5.995

Plazas dominate the landscape and front the central
buildings. The main square, the Plaza Mayor, contains
Diaz's national palace, the city cathedral and the may-
oral palace. The principal commercial street, Silversmiths'
Alley, runs west from the plaza to the Alameda public
gardens, a 40-acre plot built on the site of the old Aztec
market and execution spot, and the site of the country's
first auto-da-fé in 1574. The Plaza de Santo Domingo
contains the old convent and church of Santo Domingo,
and the School of Medicine, which stands on the former
headquarters of the court of the Inquisition. It is a
building avoided by most Kindred — rumors circulate
that an underground sect of Inquisitors based out of the
nearby Jesuit church is planning a new wave of hunts.

If so, they have their work cut out for them. War
fever simmers among Mexico City's Kindred. The gen-
erations-old crime and corruption have allowed a party
of Sabbat vampires to infiltrate the capital. Exploiting
the lack of Camarilla support on the heels of Maximilian's
overthrow, a number of Lasombra thrive in the shadows
of Diaz's iron rule, sending pockets of Brujah antitribu
(whom they reimburse quite handsomely with vitae from
the poorer Indian populations on the city's outskirts) to
tangle with the once-dominant European Kindred.
Whispers about one of the Lasombra actually Embracing
Diaz are received warily by both Kindred and the Inquisi-
tors. The idea of that pitiless sanguinary bastard in
charge is bad enough; the thought of him sporting
advanced levels of Obtenebration is too ghastly for
either group to contemplate.

South America

North America caters to the more casually disposed
breed of Kindred. Not every vampire who traverses the
Atlantic cares to put roots down in the land of the
Pilgrims. For every boatload of undead arriving in New
York of Newfoundland, just as many decide to go south,
eschewing the democracy, vulgarity and coarse manners
of North American society for somewhere more refined.
After all, just because one relinquishes his former haven
does not mean that he has to relinquish his sense of
decorum.

While North American society rejects the rigid
European mores, the countries of South America are
more receptive to those ideas of hierarchy and respect
that define the Victorian world. Indeed, Old World
tradition has been a central pillar of South American
society since the days of the conquistadors. Kindred
trailed behind the Spanish and Portuguese conquests,
nourishing themselves on the fringes of mortals' pursuit
of gold, raw materials, slaves, Christian converts and the

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE


Fountain of Youth. The overwhelming imperial pres-
ence shaped the social institutions along decidedly
European lines, and pivotal Kindred exercised dispro-
portionate power over the native populations.

By the beginning of the 19th century, those selfsame
natives, buoyed by the successes of the American and
French Revolutions, struck out against their imperial
overlords. The collective Wars of Independence flared
up in every colony on the continent. Spain and Portugal,
forbidden by the Monroe Doctrine from interfering in
the Americas, could not quell the uprisings. By 1831, the
whole of South America was made up of independent
republics.

Far from panicking, perceptive Kindred see a throng
of opportunities in the new postcolonial arrangements.
Independence does not guarantee stability, and those
revolutionaries who threw off the yoke of centuries-old
conquest find themselves adrift in a sea of unintended
consequences. Caudillos — military adventurers and
their cliques — occupy shaky positions of leadership in
the new republics, operating more froma constant desire
to postpone their inevitable deposal than from any
affinity for statecraft. Urban agitators find it impossible
to control their followers once freedom from colonial
tule is achieved. Order is preserved at gunpoint and is
often accompanied by preemptive butchery of the indig-
enous populations — in case they too fantasize about
independence.

Into such chaotic circumstances step the tried and
true forces. The church, foreign developers and immi-
grants from the former colonial powers prop up
authoritarian regimes and ingratiate their way to the top
of the social ladder. By the end of the century, the
countries of South America regain a significantly Euro-
pean flavor in the major cities. Every new nation still has
something to offer, be it mineral wealth, cheap labor or
elevated status for foreign arrivals and their deep pock-
ets.

Kindred from every clan and no clan pursue their
own activities. Tremere search the lost cities of the
Amazon and Incan ruins, looking to tap into the rituals
of tribal sorceries. Lasombra inveigle themselves into
positions in the church and large estates in Argentina
and Brazil, sating their own megalomanias. Brujah con-
tinue to stir up trouble among the radicals. Insufferable
Malkavians linger on the fringes of junta politics and
languish forgotten in the bowels of prisons. Toreador and
Tzimisce compete to see who can get the most out of
Carnival. For Kindred, this part of the New World is
much like the Old, only run better — at any rate, better
for their purposes.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

E"€ o

Buenos Aires

Few places in South America cling as tenaciously to
the grandeur of the great European capitals as Buenos
Aires. The capital of the Argentine republic has grown
impressively since independence came in 1810, although
the jumbled organization of the more recent suburbs
tellingly contrasts with the older and more carefully
planned city center. Foreigners and rural Argentines
flock to Buenos Aires in considerable numbers; the 1895
census counts more than 600,000 people, which easily
dwarfs every other city in South America. Besides acting
as the seat of government for the republic, Buenos Aires
isalso Argentina's manufacturing center, featuring thou-
sands of industrial establishments that total hundreds of
millions of dollars in capital and profits. Several Ventrue
with connections to European shipping and manufactur-
ing concerns have their hands in more than one large
concern.

Withsuch an embarrassment of riches, Buenos Aires
attracts the largest percentage of foreign money and
visitors, and the layout of the city strives to make such
visitors comfortable. The architecture, for many years
reflecting the city's Spanish colonial roots, has expanded
and modified in style; now the capital sports many costly
and attractive public buildings and monuments. The
main concentration of foreign wealth resides along
Avenida Alvear and Avenida Mayo, where the elegance
of private residences and the elaborate ornamentation of
public edifices take their cues from the great capitals of
Europe. As in most cities of Mediterranean origin, plazas
and parks are plentiful, particularly the 840-acre 3 de
Febrero Park, commemorating the 1852 Battle of Monte
Caseros that drove the dictator Juan Manuel Rosas from
power and broke the hold of the gaucho ranchers over
Argentine politics. Art, music, theater and equestrian
pursuits thrive in the rich and stately atmosphere, capti-
vating both foreigners and the city's Toreador contingent.

This splendor masks a sensitive political situation.
The metropolis has been plagued with military skir-
mishes over its place in the republic. It becomes an
independent city in 1880, detached from the province of
Buenos Aires (much like Washington, D.C. is detached
from Virginia and Maryland) after army head General
Roca captures it from the municipal defense militia.
Roca assumes the presidency soon after, and while he is
successful in putting down borderland uprisings, the
determination of the outlying provinces to curtail Buenos
Aires' power leads to his defeat in 1886.

Roca's successors prove ineffectual in comparison;
each administration is in the pocket of a different spe-
cial-interest cabal, be it a league of provincial
governments, a cartel of native businessmen or a direc-


torate of foreign plutocrats. The carousel-like nature of
presidential administrations, punctuated by pitched
battles between government troops and homegrown
mercenary squads, habitually obstructs the smooth flow
of business and commerce throughout the country.
Lasombra seize upon this, underwriting groups and fun-
neling materiel to dummy organizations to foment unrest
and disrupt several of the more influential international
concerns. Argentina's resources are depleting in the
hands of corrupt governments, and several potent mem-
bers of the Camarilla are making noises about sending in
gangs of shock troops to wage a full-out nocturnal war
against the Sabbat-subsidized troublemakers.

Rio de Janeiro

It is curious that Brazil, the largest country in South
America, was colonized by diminutive Portugal, itself
often minimized by its neighbor on the Iberian penin-
sula. Such a curiosity scarcely troubles the city's
inhabitants. Rio's citizens take pride in their city's pecu-
liar role as the foil to other capitals — Buenos Aires in
particular — and are passionate in sustaining their dis-
tinctive status.

For passion, in all its forms, is Rio's lifeblood. Ex-
travagance is the rule, from the thick and bountiful
vegetation draping the Serra de Carioca mountains north-
west of the city, to the picturesque valleys dotted with
splendid suburban dwellings within the municipal bound-
aries. As with Buenos Aires, the center grid of Rio de
Janeiro is laid out with precision, but a century of growth
resulted in suburbs erected independently of one another
and the older city, with ramrod-straight avenues criss-
crossing boulevards that meander through the valleys or
along the main bay.

Rio's bay and port are the largest in the country —
like Sevastopol, deep and large enough to hold the
world's navies — and feature numerous commercial
quays for shipping companies and rail and tram connec-
tions to all parts of the capital and beyond. The waterfront
abounds with activity, from larger commercial ventures
to "independent" operators to ordinary citizens prom-
enading down the Avenida Beira-Mar between the Passeo
Publico gardens and the Saude waterfront. For activity,
the waterfront stands second only to the Rua do Ouvidor,
the most famous street in the old city, which houses
shops, cafes and newspaper offices. The street plays an
integral part in the social and political life of the city:
here a Rio citizen can toy with the great issues of the day
while watching the world itself, natives and foreigners
alike, wander by.

Tempers can flare in such discussions, and not with-
out reason. Rio's climate is hot and debilitatingly humid,

and it overcomes many European visitors. While Kin-
dred themselves are not normally affected by climate, the
unrelenting, oppressive nature of the environment af-
fects those on whom they feed. More than one newcomer
from the Old World discovers adjusting to the humors
churning in the constitutions of the populace to be an
unpleasant shock. Acclimated Kindred count on this
and stand ready to exploit the newcomers' conditions,
particularly if they are enemies just arrived from Europe.

The situation among the vampiric population is not
as brittle as in Buenos Aires, but that does not mean that
conflict is altogether unknown. Rio, and Brazil in gen-
eral, struggles to maintain its separate character from the
rest of Spanish South America, forming early alliances
with Britain during the Napoleonic Era to safeguard its
trading roots and ensure protection for the Portuguese
royal family fleeing the Grande Armée. Toreador con-
nected to the Portuguese court extracted assistance from
their counterparts in Mithras' domain and have affirmed
an unspoken alliance between clan members in Rio and
London — an asset to the Toreador in their working
truce with the Lasombra.

For their part, the Lasombra have characteristically
pulled crucial strings in the city's recent history. Certain
Keepers reportedly take instrumental roles in Marshal
Fonseca's military uprising of 1889, which banishes
Emperor Dom Pedro II and his family to France and
establishes the Brazilian republic. Whether this is the
garden-variety cynical maneuver of Lasombrakingmakers
or calculated revenge for the 1888 "Golden Law" that
abolished slavery without compensating slave owners
(thus wiping out a good deal of free labor for Lasombra
rooted in the sugar and coffee plantations) matters little
in the current situation. (Nor does it actually matter if
the real Lasombra involvement was marginal or nonex-
istent, if their rivals believe that the Lasombra have
enough power to influence events.) What does matter is
that Rio enjoys a wary truce between Camarilla and
Sabbat factions, a truce that merely needs one liberty too
many taken during Carnival to explode. Liberty remains
one thing that is always freely taken in a place like Rio.

Africa

By no means are all Kindred ignorant of the African
continent. The southern coast of the ancient Mediterra-
nean world was home to Setites in Egypt and Brujah in
old Carthage, and subsequent arrivals of Romans, Mos-
lems and Crusaders introduced many more children of
Caine to the region. Yet as with mortal Europeans, the
endless interior of Africa retained its mysteriousness for
centuries. Few kine ventured deeply into the bowels of

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE

Fae


the continent; traders in gold, ivory and slaves contented
themselves with establishing coastal bases and waiting
for native middlemen to deliver the goods to them.
Kindred, for the most part, had even less use for whatever
secrets the heart of Africa might have offered, being
thoroughly occupied with keeping hold of their Euro-
pean demesnes.

The progressive nature of the Victorian era has
reformed such outlooks. Confidence bordering on arro-
gance in European technological and cultural superiority
blossoms during the later Victorian decades. The "white
man's burden," a half-skeptical gesture of magnanimity
that inspires Europeans to bring modernity and social
maturity to the "backward" races of the Dark Continent,
courses through the intellectual debates of the day.
Private and public "colonial societies" form. Explorers
make the rounds on the European lecture circuit and
speak to packed audiences about the wonder and limit-
less potential that Africa holds.

The zeal of colonization intensifies at the tail end of
the century. Visions of unmined ores and gems, of
unclaimed raw resources, of continental railways and
properly educated native allies dance provocatively
through the European consciousness. Nations send offi-
cial representatives up and down the coast and into the
deepest part of the continent to obtain choice lands.
Adventurous Kindred, both independent and clan-sanc-
tioned, follow in the footsteps of these colonial pioneers,
penetrating into innermost Africa in search of new
domains, powers and stores of vitae. Tremere seek the
intricacies of native shamanisms. Ventrue and Giovanni
move to control the trade routes in gold, diamonds and
rubber. Gangrel revel in the richness of the untrammeled
landscapes, and Nosferatu seek the legendary sources of
ancient civilizations.

The enterprise comes easily at first for vampiric
travelers. Camarilla civilization, embodied in the Six
Traditions, becomes the standard of decorum to impart
on willing allies. The clans conclude that their noble and
ancient lineages as the rightful descendants of Caine
bestow them with the unquestioned authority to Em-
brace and subjugate Africans in their purview lest the
uncivilized masses fall further into savagery at the hands
of the Sabbat. Such an undertaking, though, often en-
counters difficulties. Clan representatives and
independents regularly interfere in one another's mis-
sions. In their determination to obtain larger and larger
power bases, differing vampires pit their just-contracted
allies against one another in proxy wars for control of
territory and the land's bounty.

By the mid-1880s it is clear that some ground rules
are needed. Influential Kindred observe the agreements

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

reached at the 1885 Berlin Conference, wherein the
nations of Europe pledged to stay out of one another's
way on the African continent. Taking Berlin as their
cue, respected elders make the rounds to domains through-
out Europe. Holding the Berlin agreements up as an
example of mutual cooperation, these forward-thinking
vampires lobby princes of the great European capitals to
make similar arrangements with one another. Infighting
in the European theater, they say, reflects badly enough
on the Camarilla; infighting in an unfamiliar landscape
(what with the already growing Sabbat presence) almost
guarantees failure.

Eventually the princes relent, making unwritten
pacts with one another. Ostensibly overseen by the
Camarilla's inner circle, Europe's princes set mutual
limits on the amounts of havens and Elysiums, outline
quotas for Embracing natives and thrash out rough prin-
ciples of mutual defense against the Sabbat.

In practice, these interclan concords functions true
to form. That is, they don't. Clan leaders pay lip service
to the ideas while giving their underlings permission to
move unrestrained throughout the continent. Ambi-
tious colonizers found new domains, some of them
encompassing hundreds of square miles, and keep the
subject peoples docile with cavalier brutishness. Inde-
pendent explorers remain untouched by the pacts, hiring
themselves out as mercenary "caretakers" of remote
regions. Those Kindred who reap profits from gold, ivory
and diamonds guard their concerns with peerless feroc-
ity. For Kindred, the "Scramble for Africa" more than
earns its name. The continent acts as both playground
and battleground, in a disorganized and frantic zero-sum
exercise where power, wealth and vitae drive its partici-
pants to unfathomed depths of ruthlessness.

Cape Town

The capital of the Cape Colony — British South
Africa — baldly illustrates the frictions of internecine
warfare among the Kindred. Located on the southwest
tip of the continent, almost one thousand miles from
Johannesburg, Cape Town isa truly heterogeneous place,
where British administrators, native blacks and foreign
interlopers grind against one another under a thick
atmosphere of heat and paranoia.

Originally settled by the Dutch, Cape Town now
operates firmly under British rule. All of the former
instances of Low Country presence have disappeared,
and older architectural styles and avenues have been
ripped out and rebuilt to English designs and specifica-
tions. The authority of those Ventrue colonizers sent to
Cape Town under the aegis of the Amsterdam prince
Johannes Castelein has noticeably waned in turn. The


sheer distance of the colony from Castelein's reach is the
primary factor for this. Attempting to echo the
Amsterdam set-up of separate pockets of authority over
the myriad of cultures in the city, Castelein's representa-
tive stretched their power alarmingly thin. The discovery
of diamonds in the Kimberley region in 1869 attracted a
force from the Court of Avalon, determined to take
control of the "Big Hole," the enormous crater from
which the stones were mined.

Called the "Kimberley Nine," this Avalonian con-
tingent scythed through Cape Town. Isolating
neighborhoods throughout the city, Mithras' gang picked
off Castelein's people one by one, corrupting their allies
with promises of wealth from Kimberley. No quarter was
given. Hidden by the remote location, the Avalon Kin-
dred committed untrammeled diablerie on the vulnerable
Dutch princes. Halted only by a decree from the
Camarilla's inner circle, the Kimberley Nine assumed
virtual domination over Cape Town. The Dutch Kin-
dred were driven into a sort of rump domain within the
capital, soundly defeated but by no means utterly de-
stroyed.

The rump domain generally covers the neighbor-
hood of Greenmarket Square in the city, the center of
town during the Dutch period and, for the remnants of
Castelein's legation who shelter under the old town hall,
the least Anglicized part of town. The domain lies close
to Government Avenue, one of Cape Town's two major
thoroughfares, whereon the colony's Houses of Parlia-
ment, Government House, library, museum and botanical
gardens are located.

Despite the proximity of mortal authority along
Government Avenue, the British Kindred choose to
base themselves farther down the boulevard, where
Government Avenue becomes Adderley Street and leads
to the railway station and the bay. At the head of the bay
sits the old Dutch castle, erected in the 17th century.
The Kimberley Nine headquarter here, as per Mithras'
standing orders. Although the current prince is an origi-
nal member of the Nine, some of them have been rotated
to other British colonies as enforcers, being replaced as
necessary from London.

To the west of the castle lies the Parade Ground, a
large oblong space occasionally used by the prince as a
combat arena for settling disputes, or in extreme cases as
an execution yard. Less than a mile from the railway
station is Groote Schuur, a sprawling Dutch country
house occupied by the titular founder of the modern
Cape Colony, Cecil Rhodes.

The scope of Rhodes' power in Cape Town, and over
southern Africa in general, stuns even the Kindred. His
personal worth, drawn from his ownership of the DeBeers

diamond mines and Consolidated Goldfields Limited, is
almost immeasurable. Maneuvering himself into the
premiership of the Cape Colony in 1890, Rhodes imme-
diately set all his efforts on destroying the Dutch colony
at Transvaal to the east. Worries in the Colonial Office
back in London about the growing status of Johannesburg
fuel Rhodes' ambition to make his city the true power in
South Africa. This culminates in the disastrous Jameson
raid in 1895, a botched guerrilla invasion of the Transvaal
that ultimately leads to his fall from power.

Rhodes' disgrace creates a vacuum within Cape
Town, over which the Kimberley Nine and the Dutch
rump legation struggle nightly. Apart from being the
colonial capital, Cape Town holds the monopoly on
passenger traffic between the Colony and the United
Kingdom, and the Dutch know that reclaiming the town
would bring absolute Amsterdam-led control to the
southern tip of the continent. With thousands of for-
eigners (including fortune-hunting Kindred from all
over Europe) descending on South Africa seeking their
personal swag, it becomes increasingly challenging for
the Nine to weed out possible enemy agents or interlocu-
tors with the rump domain. The vast and colorful Malay
population, which clusters along the market stalls on
Plein Street south of the Parade Ground, presents an
additional wrinkle; more than once have Kindred from
this former Dutch colony in Asia been caught spying for
the prince of Johannesburg.

The situation is presently at its lowest ebb. Both
princes have passed a series of decrees that preclude any
attempt at peaceful coexistence. Any Kindred found in
the wrong domain at the wrong time receives a quick
interrogation and banishment to parts unknown or,
more likely, a speedy destruction. This standing sum-
mary refusal of the Fifth Tradition chills many Kindred
back in the mother country, but few are willing or
energetic enough to challenge what has evolved into the
status quo in Cape Town. To those Kindred determined
to wrest South Africa from their Dutch adversaries, a
violation of the Traditions here and there is a small price
to pay.

Asia

The Kindred presence in Asia has been sporadic and
rare. Impressions of Asian vampires are all of a piece:
Cathayans are inscrutable and unpredictable, grounded
in a time and place far removed from anything the
average Cainite can comprehend. It takes Kindred of
singular resoluteness and patience — of which precious
few have appeared over the centuries — to delve into
Cathayan society and emerge with even mild acceptance

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE


from the indigenous supernaturals. Those Kindred who
parted the Eastern veil started early; the Passaglia mer-
chant family, a subset of Giovanni who arrived with
Marco Polo's expedition, remains the classic example.
The Passaglia (and the Giovanni in general) regard their
independence from the Camarilla as the core of their
Asian success. To them, the thought of the Camarilla
clans tripping over one another to organize a concerted
Asian incursion would be comical, if it weren't so utterly
pitiful.

Of course, that hardly stops the colonial juggernaut.
Unwilling to forsake the enormous untapped markets,
Europeans bargain, insinuate and battle their way into
the Orient in the beginning half of the 19th century.
British victory over China in the Opium War secures a
foothold in Shanghai and dominion over Hong Kong,
with agreements that Britons would be free from pros-
ecution under Chinese law in these locales. The rest of
Europe follows suit, and by 1861 19 "treaty ports" are
established along the Chinese coast. The Russian empire
seizes the northern Ili Valley in the 1870s, and France
and Britain appropriate Indochina and Burma respec-
tively in 1886. European delegations station several
naval bases in China — Russia at Port Arthur, Germany
at Kiau-chau, Britain at Wei-hai-wei, and France at
Canton Bay —as much to forestall one another's poach-
ing as for any inherent strategic concerns.

For the Camarilla, the imperialist seduction is too
powerful to ignore. The simplicity of these territorial
ventures emboldens clan leaders, who deputize trusted
subordinates to the Chinese mainland. Soon every clan
heads east, and soon they discover what the Giovanni
knew all along: kine accomplishment does not by defini-
tion translate to Kindred success. For every effective
administrator like Robert Pedder, the Hong Kong-based
Ventrue whose calm diplomacy in maintaining a profit-
able arrangement with his Chinese opposite is
unsurpassed, more than enough bullheaded fiascos like
the Tremere "pincer movement" led by Thomas
Wyncham occur, which has created more problems than
even the Council of Seven imagined.

What Cathayans think of the Kindred varies from
place to place, which itself is a shared frustration. Foreign
habits and powers aside, little unity of thought or purpose
exists among Cathayans. The indigenous vampires fol-
low no common traditions, nor do they hold common
worldviews that Camarillan representatives can catego-
rize. Many Cathayans resist the insolent foreign devils,
but just as many — particularly in the mercantile realms
— are willing to partner with Kindred if it serves their
purpose. Reactions are intricate and cryptic, and offense
is quite easily given. Moreover, the impinging European

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

presence fractures the native population into two dis-
tinct camps: those who wish to accommodate the
Westerners, led by the emperor, and those determined to
eradicate them, spurred on by the dowager empress.

The latter camp, which will ignite the Boxer Rebel-
lion in 1899, nourishes a reactionary, xenophobic outlook
on the direction of China. While the Boxers refrain from
open warfare and murder of European missionaries and
legates, sympathetic Cathayans engage in a number of
surgically precise attacks on Kindred interests in China.
Already quite dislocated in China's enigmatic miasma,
Cainites now find themselves open targets.

The situation in Japan is comparably better, but only
just. The "opening" of Japan to Western traffic in the
1850s, culminating in the Meiji Restoration of 1868, led
to an embrace of Western ideas, mannerisms, dress and
thought among the leaders of the island empire. Never-
theless, the majority of ancient tradition has survived
this modernization. Japanese society — especially the
vampiric classes — remains grounded in its conservative
ways, tsk-tsking at the unseemliness of an imperial court
desperate to slough off any "shameful inferiority" to the
West. "Inferiority" hardly describes these groups, and
their narrowing role in the new Occidental forms of
government, business interaction and social mores quick-
ens the anger in their blood. Samurai, once the pinnacle
of the Japanese warrior class, are shuttled into roles in
commerce or the reorganized military or moved offstage
altogether; displaced ronin also cause trouble for the new
imperial structure.

Japanese vampires from these marginalized classes
fixate upon the Kindred as the root cause of their fall
from grace and actively plot against them. Anti-Western
sentiment slithers through the island's underbelly,
coupled with expansionist desires of a Japanese empire
spanning the western edge of the Pacific Rim. The latter
idea bursts forth in 1894, when Japanese forces invade
the Chinese mainland, seize Formosa and the Pescadores
and force China to recognize the "independence" of
Korea (conveniently overseen by Japan itself). Europe-
ans, horrified at the prospect of being shut out of Asia,
force a humiliatingly unequal treaty upon Japan, negat-
ing its gains on the mainland.

Its astounding success in China snatched away,
Japan vows to redouble its efforts. Secret societies flour-
ish, made up of bands of assassins determined to avenge
Japan's diplomatic defeat by eliminating influential lead-
ers throughout Asia. One of the most successful of such
cabals, the Black Ocean Society, assassinates Queen
Min of Korea in 1895. Japanese vampires found their
own sects, infiltrating the mainland "treaty ports" and


SZ

LE

ates

Wis
ii

enacting their own vendettas upon Kindred whom they
are convinced are responsible for Japan's ostracism.

With the larger portion of the Far East effectively
quarantined, the only safe recourse for power and havens
lies in the outlying regions: the island and peninsular
colonies of Southeast Asia. British Kindred based them-
selves in the first holdings along the Straits Settlements
in Malacca and the city of Singapore. This location, the
halfway point on the India-China route, attracted the
bulk of audacious vampires striking out for the Cathayan
mainland. A few minor scrapes with Low Country Kin-
dred in the Dutch East Indies quickly broke up, each
coterie retreating to its respective corner and coexisting
in relative peace for a number of years. Circumstances
altered after the Opium War, however, as legations from
other countries arrived in search of their own holdings.
Unable to exert much force in the various treaty ports,
these Kindred let loose their energies upon the smaller
countries. They lord over these places with a disinter-
ested rapaciousness, concerned only with what lifeblood
they can drain.

The demarcation is baffling even to those most
directly involved. French Indochina, Portuguese [[??
Siam was never rules by any European power]] Siam and
British-controlled Burma and Singapore jostle for promi-
nence on their own peninsula, while the Dutch exert
hegemony over Indonesia, Java, Sumatra, Borneo and
southern New Guinea. Germany controls northern New
Guinea and the older Spanish islands of the Marianas
and the Carolines; Portugal holds East Timor and Macao.
These outposts, used mostly as refueling stations for
European trading and naval ships, serve as meeting
places for Kindred to regroup and ally with one another
to vanquish anti-Western opponents. Tangible advan-
tages are limited, and enemies prowl even in these
remote places, several of them rogue Assamites stationed
in Malacca and other Moslem trading ports of centuries
ago. Uncontrolled by Assamite elders, these falaqi are
hardly affected by the political falsities of the old Treaty
of Tyre and eagerly strike back at the intruders within
their domains. Rumors of deals between these vampires
and the native Cathayans circulate every so often, but
few in the Camarilla give them much credence — which,
safely instated back in Europe, is easy for them to say.

Australasia

Then come the Antipodes, the "opposite" lands.

Largely neglected by colonial administrators in Lon-
don, Australia and New Zealand have increased in
population and attractiveness throughout the century,
welcoming immigrants from across Europe and Asia. For

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE


newcomers, they offer wealth, reputation and the oppor-
tunity for personal renewal. The colonies are perplexing
Edens — unfamiliar, bountiful, robust, yielding to Euro-
pean presence yet defying Old World conventions.
Society runs on a different track here. The unbreakable
strictures of class and birth in the United Kingdom hold
no weight in this part of the world. An amazing social
cohesion flourishes; a sense of fellow feeling, of
"mateship," exists here as it never could in the mother
country.

This blank canvas tempts Kindred the most, particu-
larly those vampires of a lower order in the Byzantine
web of Camarilla traditions. These nations represent the
last best hope for any real advancement within their
damned world, liberated from the arbitrary decrees of
crapulous elders and addled Antediluvian pronounce-
ments.

Australia

Australia has recovered well from its ignominious
founding. Conceived as no more than a dumping ground
for reprobates, recidivists and political undesirables (a
necessity after England's loss of the American colonies
for that very purpose), the initial decades of settlement
scarred the island harshly. Felons greatly outnumbered
the few legitimate settlers and were kept in line only by
being penned in barracks and parceled out as forced labor
tothe more "respectable" arrivals. Mithras readily availed
himself of this solution for his more notorious foes,
particularly those who possessed dangerous information.
He preferred to stake, seal up and ship off such adversar-
ies to this new back of beyond, and if they perished en
route, so much the better.

While Queen Victoria discontinued the practice of
Australian exile in 1840 (only to resume it in the 1850s),
the Court of Avalon felt no parallel compunction, merely
sending its unwanted members as mysterious cargo in the
deepest holds of settler transports. Those Kindred who
survived the journey were surprised to come upona network
of support among the undead, in place from the voyage of
the First Fleet in 1788. With that vanguard criminal ele-
ment sailed a small band of Kindred agitators, fed up with
their elders' protracted struggles. Led by a Brujah named
Red Meg, this coterie pledged to reshape the vampiric
presence in Australia, to abandon the tortuous clan games
in favor of mutual aid and respect. They knew more of their
kind would come, driven out by the stifling Camarilla
politics. Sent to the end of the world, future exiles would
find a new world awaiting them.

The banished still came, along with settlers seeking
their fortune after gold was struck in the 1850s. As the
mortal population increased, cities like Sydney and

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Melbourne soon rivaled London and Manchester. Un-
bound to clans and unchecked by elders, a growing
Kindred population took pleasure and pride in itsshunned
status. Once undignified scoundrels, they refashioned
themselves as lords of vast holdings across the continent,
like their elders of centuries ago. Anarchs became princes
and "shepherd kings"; neonates amassed wealth from
gold and opal mines; autarkis traveled the new railway
system and ran amok in the interior townships.

This unfettered activity could not last indefinitely.
Cainites being what they are, the intoxication of Austra-
lian autonomy inevitably led to clashes with both fellow
vampires and irrepressible mortals. The last quarter of
the century signaled the denouement of Red Meg's
utopia (if it ever truly existed). Abram, the first prince of
Sydney and a member of that original band of upstarts,
let his natural paranoia delude him into thinking himself
alatter-day Constantine the Great. He abandoned Sydney
for Melbourne decades ago and tried to rule both places;
as expected, his boldness devolved into megalomaniacal
episodes. Driven from power in 1879, Abram now spends
his nights in exile. He lives on, but it is unknown where
— or what he plans during his time out of sight.

Sydney

The capital of New South Wales is the largest and
most prosperous city on the continent. Located on two
tongues of land thrusting into the Port Jackson inlet,
Sydney has one of the most impressive harbor complexes
in the world. Port Jackson, Middle Harbour and Botany
Bay (the site of Australia's infamous prison) branch
inland into dozens of smaller harbors, coves and tributar-
ies and provide a wealth of public beaches during the day
and secluded points for Kindred to funnel allies and
resources around the city at night. George Street is the
main avenue in Sydney, housing the town hall and post
office. Pitt Street runs parallel and leads to the main
railway station. Macquarie Street runs along the 138-
acre Domain Park; here are located the treasury,
parliament and mint.

Sydney is loosely governed. Sarrasine, the unde-
clared prince and Abram's former second-in-command,
gives wide latitude to Kindred doings within his domain,
reportedly because he extracts some measure of tribute
from every Kindred in the capital. Even though his rule
has been short, Sarrasine cloaks the vampiric facets of
the city ina haze of corruption, degeneracy and influence
peddling. He feigns a Caligulan attitude of pleasant
disinterest in quotidian affairs while privately indulging
his personal whims in a manner that rivals the more
debauched potentates throughout history. The harbor is
an unmonitored zone of Kindred smuggling and piracy,


TK |

the fruits of which spill into the city environs. The
struggle for an upper hand is singularly bloody-minded.
Mortal ghouls beholden to various Kindred smugglers
(and even some legitimate shipping concerns) tangle in
dimly lit warehouses and back rooms of bars. The more
enterprising vampires import heartier replacements from
the other Australian colonies or simply break them out
of Botany Bay.

The economics of Sydney do not temper matters to
any degree. With the collapse of the land boom and gold
speculation in the early 1890s, Sydney's role as a trading
and banking center has diminished. Looking for strength
in numbers, other colonies clamor for an Australian
federation, which makes the Kindred in Victoria,
Queensland and elsewhere aware of the unattractive
prospect of routine interaction with Sarrasine. Talk of a
federal capital in Sydney only deepens their reluctance,
for several of them view this potential development as
giving that giggling psychopath carte blanche to sink his
fangs into their own private realms.

Adelaide

The only city in Australia not founded by convicts,
Adelaide consciously guards its separate character from

the rest of the English settlements. Settled in 1836 on the
Torrens River by the explorer and surveyor Colonel
William Light, the capital of South Australia was planned
as a world apart from the unseemliness of its distant
continental neighbors. British leaders designed Adelaide
as a place to export Victorian values of propriety and
reason to a continent full of sinners. The city quickly
gained a reputation as a guarantor of civil and religious
liberty. Lutherans fleeing persecution in Prussia arrived
soon after its founding, and by the 1850s Adelaide's
population was nearly half non-British.

The municipal environs reflect Adelaide's primly
planned look. The city proper is divided into residential
northern and commercial southern quarters, separated
by a broad strip of parkland through which the Torrens
tuns. The river itself is crossed by five bridges and arrayed
with pleasant foliage along its banks. The government
buildings are in the southern quarter along King William
Street, including the town hall, post office, courthouses,
parliament, library and Adelaide University, opened in
1882. The residential north and the suburbs are inter-
connected by tram and rail, and Adelaide's main train
station is the terminus of a railroad that hugs the south-

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE


east and east coasts, traveling to Melbourne, Sydney and
Brisbane.

Curiously, the British government gave no money
for the city founding. Adelaide is a settlement com-
pletely unbeholden to the Colonial Office; consequently
the city keeps virtually all of its income. A wheat boom
in the 1870s kindled a rash of magnificent building
projects, strengthening the area's veddy, veddy British
character. Adelaide also benefits, unbeknownst to the
city's aldermen, from prudent capital infusion by the
London fief.

Unfortunately, the course of events in Australia has
not been well received in London. Mithras' original
intent of Australia as a place of exile has backfired
disastrously. He made a belated attempt during the 1860s
to rectify the situation, sending a small legation to
Adelaide to monitor the dealings in the other cities. It
was a feeble effort, and by the century's final decades it
was clear a fresh tack was required.

Lady Anne recognizes this and has dispatched a
willing ally as prince, a Toreador called Miranda, to
ensure that the chaos in Sydney does not spread. Despite
Miranda's enthusiasm for the job, the effort may be for
naught. The Kindred in Adelaide do not blend in at all
with other Australian Cainites, which severely curtails
normal vampiric intrigues. Furthermore, the growing
sentiment for federation increases the likelihood of indi-
vidual princes finding common political ground, one
element of which being a rabid resentment of those who
banished them in the first place. The closer Australia
comes to independent unification, the more Adelaide's
Kindred are threatened with isolation and subsequent
obliteration.

New Zealand

Dwarfed by its neighbor to the west, this pair of
islands patently refuses to be guided by anything stem-
ming from Sydney or Melbourne. New Zealand's first
colonists encamped in the 1830s along the mountainous
coastlines and struggled for self-sufficiency, hacking their
way through thick rain forests and tangling with pirates,
escapees from Australian prisons and cannibal Maori
natives. Unable to dislodge the biggest threat in the
Maoris, the colonial authorities struck a treaty granting
them sovereignty in exchange for selling land to the
settlers, a situation far removed from the indifferent
seizure of territory in Africa and Asia.

New Zealand was helped by the discovery of gold in
the late 1850s and early 1860s. Inevitably settlers and
prospectors, many of them coming from the depleting
mines in Australia, flocked to the islands. The Otago

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

province tripled in population throughout the 1860s.
Almost as quickly, the mines petered out in the 1870s,
leaving many prospectors broke. Although the rush built
up South Island with railways and public works, North
Island was overlooked and ravaged by the Maori Wars of
the early 1870s.

The current decades bring a semblance of stability to
New Zealand, mostly due to the colony's novel ap-
proaches to solving its own problems. The Maori Wars,
while bloody and long, ended with recognition of native
political rights, bestowing adult suffrage and Maori rep-
resentation in the central legislature. With a population
increasing to more than 750,000 by century's end, New
Zealanders see themselves.as embodying a special role in
the South Pacific — that of a smaller-scale Britain,
extending its own empire over Polynesia and the other
island regions. They regard their Australian neighbors
with indifference if not outright hostility and refuse to be
relegated to a lesser role in some future overbearing
federation. Radical ideas like granting women's suffrage
in 1893 encourage New Zealanders to envision theirnew
homeland as the vanguard of social reform in the world,
bringing progressive ideas to their corner of the globe
and, in their own measure, displacing heavy-handed and
uncompromising Victorian customs.

Dunedin

Clinging to the southeast edge of South Island, the
dour city of Dunedin is the end of the end of the earth.
The harbor is Dunedin's redeeming feature; the inland
remains uncleared, and the view from the southeast coast
features only ocean and the ice that designates Antarc-
ticafaron the horizon. Yet the city itself is quite habitable,
confounding the conventions of its location just as the
larger colony confounds preexisting opinions of its role
in Australasia.

Founded in 1848 by rugged Scots, Dunedin (the old
Gaelic name for Edinburgh) reflects much of its name-
sake in climate and contour. The primeval outskirts,
ringing the city as a single public space called the Town
Belt, remind its founders of the bracing landscape of
home. The Otago gold rush transformed Dunedin into a
hotbed of activity. Mining and agriculture blossomed,
and the city enjoyed visits from some of the most famous
personalities of the age, including Mark Twain and
Benjamin Disraeli. The boom produced mixed results.
Overcrowding in the 1860s led to a typhoid epidemic.
Compounding this, the avalanche of wealth brought
severe inflation, and when Dunedin went bust it experi-
enced an economic depression unrivaled at any other
time in its short history.


The massive, gold-subsidized public building during
the 1870s exacerbated matters. Dunedin elders consid-
ered themselves the caretakers of a great religious and
social experiment, destined to build a city on a hill not
unlike that of the Puritans in New England. To them
monuments were meant to be momentous, exhibiting
the solid, eternal qualities of Victorian respectability
even in such a remote place. Larnach Castle is the
epitome of such thought; constructed from 1871 to 1886,
this edifice needed 200 workmen to complete it at a cost
of £125,000, totally ignoring the dire economic realities
of the city.

The rest of Dunedin is no less extravagant, modeled
intentionally after buildings in Great Britain. The Uni-
versity of Otago is copied from its predecessor in Glasgow.
Otago Boys High School would not be out of place in
Eton or Harrow. The police station follows closely the
original blueprints for Scotland Yard. Terrace houses
come straight from the industrial north in England, as do
many of the factories and mills.

Dunedin's commitment to study manifests itself in
the number of educational institutions; the university
features several faculties, and the Athenaeum, the mu-
seum and the numerous schools are no less notable in
their own right. The main street encompasses Prince's
and George Streets, which pass through the Octagon, a
massive central city park. The town is laid out around the

Octagon, itself ringed by the main municipal buildings,
the hospital and several warehouses and stores. Several
of the commercial concerns have gone out of business
and serve as hovels for criminals and for Kindred to avail
themselves of a quick dose of vitae. The commercial
dilapidation reproduces itself in many parts of the city, a
testament to the gold decline and the collapse of land
values. Many of the depressed plots were sold, over-
priced, to absentee landlords — including a few Kindred
from the Scottish fiefs.

New dredging techniques have led to a slight resur-
gence in gold mining, but hardly enough to compensate
for the gravity of the loss. The decline of Dunedin as a
shipping nexus worsens matters. The few Kindred in
Dunedin proper operate independently of any prince but
among themselves profess a loyalty to Edinburgh and
sympathize with Adelaide over the uncertainty in Aus-
tralia. In many ways, Dunedin acts as the ideal town for
the most traditional Kindred: a cityscape nostalgically
mirroring that of steadfast Europe, with an undercurrent
of economic despair and sporadic lawlessness among its
lower classes. Miranda of Adelaide observes this and
harbors a small but concrete desire to pack up stakes and
leave her southern Australian base for Dunedin, should
the situation warrant. Whether the hospitality and loy-
alty of Dunedin's Kindred extend to such lengths is
another matter altogether.

CHAPTER TWO: THE TWILIGHT GLOBE



Ti lisit rees
pt Society
va eyo

ne nib. Hs
ee e
OO: Us ath

Bs or ilastrates some ¥2

iti in Victorian sociel e

cpt thr, Tel ie

efan "

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Master and Servant

The industrial revolution is changing the face of humanity almost
overnight. Old fears abate fast, and the nights of the vampire kings who
held the populace in fear are a thing of history. Still, the world is not yet
entirely laced together. One can still convince a single man not to print
an article, and by doing so keep something a secret forever ....

In the Victorian age, the Masquerade isn't taken lightly, but it can
be stretched very thin indeed before it breaks. In fact, many of those who
do break the Masquerade can still get away with it — after all, if nobody
finds out about it and not one witness lives to tell the day, what does it
matter?

Many members of the Night Society, the vampires and their allies
and lackeys among humanity, take advantage of this splendid secrecy and
the new possibilities offered by scientific discovery. The Tremere push
their magics further than ever before, creating complicated technomagical
servants that make gargoyles seem ordinary by comparison. Tzimisce take
their fleshcrafting to horrifying and fascinating extremes and don't
bother to hide it very well. In an age where the massively deformed John
Merrick, also known as the Elephant Man for the tusklike growth on his
face, isacelebrity respected (and ridiculed, of course, but at least accepted
asa part of everyday life) by the British public at large, and P. T. Barnum's
freak show, grandly titled the "Greatest Show on Earth", tours America,
one can pass off many strange things as, if not quite natural, at least
decidedly not supernatural. Giovanni necromancers openly press the
restless dead into their service, animating corpses and parading them

around shamelessly, going so far as to forge souls into modern machinery
and create strange contraptions powered by the very essence of the dead.

Never again will the Kindred be so free to experiment with compara-
tively advanced technology and their own supernatural abilities in a
remarkably public fashion, secure in the knowledge that even if some-
thing goes wrong they can still contain the problem.

Of course, this is not a very healthy attitude. Some Kindred become
overconfident, and mistakes are made; young Kindred in particular,
products of this new and wondrous age who don't have the benefit of
experience, assume that they can get away with it, at times with disastrous
results. Here, a half-controlled automaton escapes and joins the general
populace, much to the horror of the latter. There, a magical experiment
gone terribly wrong brings forth beings that have no place in this world.
Many elders find themselves constantly surprised by the pure impudence
of the new guard: while they expect neonates and ancillae not yet quite
to know their place, the liberties many of the young ones take are
practically unheard-of.

The results are predictable enough. Elders may be somewhat slow to
respond to certain changes in their society, but they will not have their
authority questioned. More than one young vampire finds himself staring
at the morningsun after flaunting the Masquerade. Of course, this doesn't
deter eager pioneers.

Ghoul servants, particularly the less extreme ones, are very useful
during the Victorian Age. Not only can they earn money and develop
influence in the mortal world in acceptable and relatively trouble-free
ways, they can turn the limitations of the Victorian society into oppor-


tunities. Reformers and revolutionaries may aim at more
equitable distribution of authority, but money, power
and international intrigue remain the prerogatives of an
elite few. These are the days of amateur politicians and
gentlemanly plutocrats who lay down the course of
history over drinks and cigars while the womenfolk tend
to their own affairs. When the balance of power within
the society is so greatly tilted in favor of the few, a well
planned blood bond can make all the difference in the
world.

The lowest echelons of society offer power of differ-
ent sorts. Organized crime isn't unheard of, but vast
criminal conspiracies are relatively rare — most people
don't have the education or aptitude for such an enter-
prise. Naturally, this doesn't apply to vampires, who are
conspirators par excellence. Criminal gangs led by trusted
ghouls can be powerful forces indeed. Simply robbing the
wealthy can bring in considerable income, and more
complicated schemes — smuggling, drug trade, protec-
tion rackets, extortion and so forth — are even more
lucrative. Good planning, combined with particularly
brutal violence, goes a long way. To simplify things
further, forensic science is still in its infancy, and while
London may have the most modern police force in the
world, the bobbies' ability to investigate or curb super-
natural crimes is limited at best. After all, organizing a

jail break, for example, is not too complicated when a
supernaturally strong ghoul can simply yank the bars out
of a window after beating the guards senseless.

Dr. Thomas Fountaindike

Background: Possessed of a monstrous genius, Dr.
Thomas Fountaindike has long been a well known mem-
ber of the Cainite scientific community. Sadly, his latest
creation — a steam-powered humanoid automaton —
and its implications for his future work now interest him
more than the trifles of the outside world, and he no
longer enjoys much contact with his peers and col-
leagues.

The Motorised Man (as Fountaindike insists on
calling his creation) is built of steel and is animated by
the soul of a destroyed vampire called Marcello. His next
goal is to develop a new type of necromantic ritual, one
that allows actual independent thought. While he con-
siders the Motorised Man a great achievement, he is all
too aware of its limitations. Letting the ghost control the
automaton would be an obvious and simple solution, but
that would not suit his needs — after all, if he wants
independent servants, he can just force a little blood
down someone's throat. No, what he is after is anext step
of evolution, newborn sentient beings created by a fusion
of science and magic. A lost soul is obviously needed to

animate such a machine, but surely it should be possible
to create at least a simulacrum of intelligence?

Dr. Fountaindike is already hard at work incorporat-
ing the inventions of Charles Babbage into complicated
machine that should, he hopes, give his next creation the
ability to react properly to new and changing situations.
This research consumes Dr. Fountaindike entirely; he is
antisocial and often locks himself away from distractions
for weeks. His laboratory is a chaotic jumble of notes,
tools and consumed and discarded corpses that his assis
tant occasionally wheels out when the stink starts to
become bothersome.

Still, forall his seeming inhumanity, Dr. Fountaindike
doesn't live in a moral vacuum — he is aware of the fact
that Marcello dislikes his current abode (though he has
no comprehension of the blind, uncompromising hate
Marcello feels for him) and thinks that's a shame. Still,
sacrifices must be made for the greater good, and besides,
Marcello was already dead — surely this immensely
useful and scientifically important form of existence isan
improvement over the eternal boredom and meaning-
lessness of death? Some people, the doctor is quick to
point out, just don't know what's good for them.

Image: Dr. Thomas Fountaindike appears to be a fit,
blond man in his mid-twenties. While he doesn't much
care about his appearance while at work in his labora-

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


tory, he likes to dress up for those rare occasions he

actually leaves the lab, donning white leather gloves, a

top hat and other suitable accessories. He is quite igno-

rantof the latest styles, fashions and topics of conversation,

but that's why he retains Janos Handoval in his service.
Roleplaying Hints: You're not so much antisocial as

you are consumed by the great task at hand. Unless it

concerns your work, you really can't be bothered. You

have a perfectly good assistant who can take care of the

troublesome details. You are always willing to talk shop

with people who know the field, however, and in those

instances you are friendly, clever and intelligent. You're

not interested in petty power games and other struggles

— you have dedicated your life to your work.
Applications: Scientifically minded vampires in

search of answers may well find them from the chaos that

is the mind of Dr. Fountaindike. Word of the progress

and breakthroughs he has made has circulated through-

out Kindred society, crossing the borders between sects,

and both Camarilla and Sabbat are interested in his

achievements. Perhaps the characters must make sure

that the doctor and his considerable skills don't fall into

the wrong hands — or perhaps they are the very party

who attempt to kidnap him?

Clan: Giovanni

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Visionary

Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1830

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Empathy 1,

Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Secu-

rity 1, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Area Knowledge (London)

3, Linguistics (French, German, Latin, Russian) 4, Medi-

cine 4, Politics 1, Science 4

Disciplines: Dominate 1, Necromancy 4

Necromancy Paths: The Sepulchre Path 4, The Ash

Path 1

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 2

Morality: Humanity 3

Willpower: 6

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Janos Handoval

Background: Had Janos Handoval not been discov-
ered by Dr. Thomas Fountaindike, he would probably
not have had a particularly happy life. A dwarf spending
his life in considerable pain, Handoval was not looking
forward to growing old. Thanks to Fountaindike's medi-
cal skills and the vampiric vitae he forced down
Handoval's throat, neither pain nor aging are any longer
a concern for him.

Handoval's body may not be in prime condition, but
he has proven time and time again that nothing is wrong
with his mind. In addition to helping Dr. Fountaindike
with his lab work, Handoval is also charged with main-
taining the good doctor's ties to the rest of the Giovanni,
a task he's eminently well suited for. Despite his stunted
growth, Handoval has a golden tongue, and he knows
how to deal with the Kindred. He has mastered a well
cultivated mix of toadying and independence — enough
toestablish himselfas a personality, as opposed to "snack,"
but not bold enough to make anyone think that he has
ideas above his station.

In addition to these "official" duties, Handoval is a
well known figure in the scientific circles of London.
Although his own skills certainly don't hold a candle to
those of Dr. Fountaindike, he is not an ignorant man, and
what's more, he has seen enough of Fountaindike's work
to bluff his way reasonably well. He has gone out of his
way to ingratiate himself with a number of prominent
figures in the field — Handoval is charming and funny,
and gives a very convincing impression of a man with
extensive connections. Handoval is not above manipu-
lation, blackmail and other petty but effective means to
gain power for himself and his master, and has been
known to strongarm people on occasion to get his way.
While he puts on a convincing front of a charming and
civilized dwarf, some hate and fear him. Thus far, the fear
they feel far surpasses the hate.

Handoval knows that he can easily manipulate the
distracted and eccentric Dr. Fountaindike, who tends to
believe anything Handoval tells him about the outside
world. He happily takes advantage of that and has
managed to carve a remarkably comfortable niche for
himself. Still, he knows who's the boss if push comes to
shove, and even without the Blood Bond he'd be ex-
tremely loyal to Dr. Fountaindike. He considers Dr.
Fountaindike to be, if not a friend, at least a friendly
relative who has saved him from a life of misery, and he
is thankful for that. Dr. Fountaindike may be an insane
old fool, but as far as Handoval is concerned, he's his
insane old fool.


Image: A hunchbacked dwarf, Handoval would
probably be considered disgusting by many if it weren't
for his beautiful facial features that border on angelic. He
dresses expensively and stylishly — thanks to the good
doctor's gifts, he can afford it. He's extremely polite,
speaks with a practiced upper-class accent and never,
ever makes the mistake of forgetting his position in the
food chain.

Roleplaying Hints: If Dr. Fountaindike wants some-
thing, it's your job to make sure he gets it. Of course, Dr.
Fountaindike doesn't always know exactly what he wants
or even what's good for him, so at times you need to tell
him. Despite your willingness to manipulate the old
man, you are protective of him — after all, you are doing
it for his own good. He is your lord and master, and you
are bound to him. You're equally at home with scientific
circles and the scum of the streets.

Applications: Handoval guards what he considers
his territory jealously, and those who trespass on it can
expect him to retaliate, though he will not do so directly
and will make sure that such attacks cannot be traced
back to him.

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Conformist

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 1,
Security 3, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Academics 2, Area Knowledge (Lon-
don) 1, Linguistics (Latin) 1, Medicine 1, Politics 3,
Science 2

Disciplines: Potence 1, Fortitude 1

Backgrounds: Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 5

Marcello, the Motorised Man

Background: A complicated combination of engi-
neering and necromantics, the Motorised Man is a
hulking, humanoid creature nearly seven feet tall, in-
credibly powerful, tireless and all but unstoppable, driven
by a potent steam engine.

The automaton is mostly used for manual labor,
guard duties and other similarly straightforward tasks —
it has extremely limited intelligence, and while it can

understand even complicated verbal commands and
recognize people, it is in reality remarkably stupid and
only capable of these things out of habit. It has no
initiative and is wholly incapable of improvisation. In-
stead of adapting to changing situations, it will follow its
commands to the letter.

The motivator behind its feeble thought processes is
not the genius of its designer but a ghost known as
Marcello. Formerly a conservative Ventrue elder burned
to Final Death by a Sabbat pack at the beginning of the
century, Marcello was one of those unfortunate souls
who die but cannot move on. His misfortune continued
— he was unlucky enough to be snared by Dr.
Fountaindike and in a complex ritual forged into the
furnace that powers the Motorised Man. Screaming in
pain and outrage as flames scalded his being and
Fountaindike unceasingly hammered him against the
unyielding anvil, Marcello felt control over what was left
of his own soul slipping away. An eternal fire burns
within Marcello now, and that in turn creates the s
that fires the pistons of the great automaton. More
importantly, within his battered soul also burns an undy-
ing hatred for Fountaindike.

eam

Marcello doesn't want to be the ghost in the ma-
chine, but he has no choice in the matter. He dreams of
gaining control of the contraption he's been bound to

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


and using its immense power for exacting revenge on
those who have imprisoned him, but, sadly, he has little
chance of ever doing so. He has few plans beyond that,
but the idea of living in a seemingly indestructible body
is not entirely unappealing to him — it'd certainly be
better than the bleak meaninglessness of his existence
after his Final Death. Besides, it's wonderful to be able to
see the sun again after all these years. While he cannot
bear being unable to control this metal shell, the change
in his circumstances has reawakened a thirst for life in
Marcello — the onset of ennui, so characteristic to many
elder vampires and the Ventrue in particular, has been
reversed, and he dearly wishes he could partake of life's
pleasures again and truly experience this wondrous new
age.

Image: A hulking, bulky creature, the automaton
cannot be mistaken for a human. Built of gray steel and

decorated with elaborate designs, the Motorised Man is
a work of art, yet not many would call it pretty —
"modern" and "impressive," perhaps, but never beauti-
ful. A brightly burning furnace is set in its midsection,
and a constant hiss of escaping steam emanates from its
steel body.

Roleplaying Hints: As the automaton, you hear and
obey. You understand orders but cannot communicate
with anyone. Since you have no personality, it's just as
well; you wouldn't have anything to say. As Marcello,
you are volatile, easily annoyed and extremely vindic-
tive, and you don't bother to hide it. You have a low
tolerance for empty words and always prefer action to
banter. You have nothing against vampires in general —
after all, you used to be one. You don't much like the
Giovanni, though, and dream of slowly killing
Fountaindike. You are not aware of the fact that destroy-

Soulcrafting (Level Four Necromantic Ritual)

This dangerous but well appreciated ritual isnot yet wellknown among necromancers, but it has gained
a fair degree of popularity among the technically minded Giovanni vampires. Soulcrafting allows the
necromancer to bond a soul with a previously created machine, animating and enhancing it with the very
essence of the restless soul.

This ritual has to be performed at a location with a forge, and the object towhich the ghost is to be bound
must be present. The necromancer must design and build the machine in question herself, and it must be made
of steel. (It may have parts made of some other material — leather seats, wood paneling or rubber tires, for
example — but the parts of the actual machinery that make the construct operate must be of steel.) The
machine's design must be theoretically functional, though it may well be fantastic in nature or require
impractical amounts of fuel, Considering the technological limitations of the Victorian age, most of these
machines are by design steam-powered, though they don't have to be.

The casting itself is a long and arduous process. The ritual lasts for a full night, from sunset to sunrise,
and during this time the vampire physically forges the soul into the desired shape while the ghost writhes and
screams in the flames and under the hammer. Once the forging is finished, the soul becomes an integral part
of the machine, still sentient and awate of its surroundings but unable to act independently. These unholy
unions of spirit and steel become semisentient — incapable of actual reasoning, but still able to follow even
complicated verbal orders.

Depending on'the nature and function of the machine, the end result might, for example, be a steam-
powered carriage that runs by itself or a machine capable of tunneling through the earth at considerable
speeds. Such constructs never need to be refueled, though they might need to be repaired if they are damaged.
If the construct is completely destroyed, the soul is set free again.

The necromancer begins the ritual by summoning a soul intended for the joining, usually with the
Necromancy power of Summon Soul. Considering vampires' natural fear of fire, this ritual holds certain
dangers. In addition to the normal Intelligence + Occult roll (see Vampire: The Masquerade, Revised
Edition, p. 165), the caster must succeed ina Willpower roll against difficulty 7 once every hour until sunrise.
A failure means the character automatically succumbs to Rétschreck; a botch means that, in addition to this,
he catches on fire. Should either happen, the soul is instantly set free and the machine intended for joining
is completely destroyed. Contrary to normal rules, the character may not spend Willpower points to regain
control; he will instead remain in frenzy for at least an hour, reeling from imaginary hammer blows and
(possibly very real) flames. If the ritual fails, the targeted soul escapes but can be summoned again; ona botch,
the necromancer can't call that soul back again for a year and a day.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION


ing this metal body would set you free and mistakenly
believe that the destruction of your physical shell would
also destroy your soul.

Applications: Characters who possess suitable nec-
romantic powers can communicate with Marcello.
Marcello cannot be summoned from the automaton, but
he can be communicated with if the characters are in the
automaton's presence. Marcello will certainly attempt to
recruit the assistance any character who can communi-
cate with him and doesn't seem to be allied with
Fountaindike.

Clan: None (formerly Ventrue)

Nature: (Loner)

Demeanor: (Bravo)

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: (Charisma 2, Manipulation 4), Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 3, (Intelligence 5, Wits 5)

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, (Empathy
3), Intimidation 1, (Streetwise 1), (Subterfuge 4)

Skills: (Etiquette 3), Melee 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: (Academics 2), (Area Knowledge
(London) 2), (Finance 3), (Linguistics (Italian) 1), (Poli-
tics 4)

Disciplines: Potence 5, Fortitude 5

Attack: In addition to normal punches and kicks,
the Motorised Man can direct scalding steam at its
opponents. Roll Dexterity to hit; successful attacks in-
flict 5 dice of lethal damage.

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,-1,-2,-2,-5,-5,
—5, Broken down

Virtues: (Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 3)

Morality: (Humanity 4)

Willpower: (4)

Note: Stats in parenthesis are Marcello's, and they
are relevant only when someone bothers to communi-
cate with him (or if he somehow gains control of the
automaton). The automaton itself is mindless and soul-
less and thus immune to powers that affect either
(including Obfuscate). It has no intelligence, but for the
purposes of any reflexive rolls it might have to make,
assume it to have one dot in any relevant attribute, unless
stated otherwise.

dir Doctor Jebediah Aaron Cotton/
Jerry Aaron

Sir Doctor Jebediah Aaron Cotton is well known in
mortal high society asa philanthropist, a scientist and an
educated man. He's less famed for his extralegal activi-
ties, including drug trade, extortion, corruption and
experiments performed on less than willing subjects,

though many know that should they desire something
more exotic and potent than mere absinthe, opium or
laudanum, Sir Jebediah is the man to go to.

Sir Jebediah is one of those people everyone wants to
keep around but no one wants to spend any time with. A
pale man with a grating voice, a weak, clammy hand-
shake and a sniveling demeanor, he is welcomed for his
gifts but despised for his personality. He toadies to one
and all, going so far as to assume a servile attitude to even
the most pathetic mortal of any status, yet he makes no
attempts to hide his constant paranoia and often rudely
questions people as to their motives. Money flows through
his fingers easily — whether the cause be orphans, a new
branch of scientific research or some other cause, Sir
Jebediah is almost always willing to make a donation
regardless of whether the supplicant has any credibility
to speak of.

All this doesn't win him any friends among his
fellow Kindred. Even his fellow Malkavians look down
on him with a mixture of pity and disgust.

Sir Jebediah does have his saving graces, however.
He is a masterful chemist, and the decadent high society
of London is filled with wealthy people willing to try
something new and exciting. Sir Jebediah is the man to
cater to these tastes; he specializes in hallucinations,

Sit Doctor Jebediah Aaron Cotton

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


dreams and pleasures. An accomplished chemist and
researcher of his own unnatural condition, many of his
drugs include a secret ingredient — highly processed
vampiric blood. While his pills, powders and potions do
not to bring forth the effects a mortal normally undergoes
when imbibing vitae, combined with Sir Jebediah's con-
siderable chemical expertise the end results are incredibly
powerful. Indeed, a number of unfortunate deaths always
occur whenever Sir Jebediah experiments with a new
concoction.

Sir Jebediah doesn't mind taking a taste or two from
his own clients' veins. He calls it quality control and
refuses to admit that these tastes (disturbingly often
taken from those test subjects who perish from massive
overdoses or unviable compounds) are putting a great
strain on his already stressed psyche.

This part of his operations serves to maintain his
status and contacts within high society. Certainly, some
disapprove, but on the whole Sir Jebediah is a vital part
of mortal high society.

Aneven less well known side to his operations exists
in the form of far more mundane criminal activities. Sir
Jebediah is the head of a large gang that engages in all
sorts of criminal activities, ranging from lucrative drug
trade to ordinary robberies and extortion, dabbling in
smuggling and slavery on the side. His success can be
attributed to meticulous planning, generous bribes and a
fear-inducing reputation among the denizens of the
extralegal community.

The last item on that list is taken care of by Jerry
Aaron, a thug, extortionist and murderer. He is well
known in the London underworld, but few know that
Jerry and Sir Jebediah are actually the very same person.
In fact, even they themselves aren't entirely aware of it.
When Sir Jebediah leaves the stage, expensive, tailored
suits become common clothes, and what formerly was
admirable athletic prowess now becomes imposing bulk.
Sophisticated turns of phrase become coarse language;
bony knuckles replace elegant fingers.

Jerry certainly isn't the toughest Cainite in London,
but he makes up for his lack of strength with brutality and
tenacity. He has a terrible obsession with power and
intimidation over mortals that occasionally also extends
to weaker vampires and ghouls. He prefers to leave
mortal victims alive, able to spread the fear. Jerry moves
through the London underworld leaving a trail of limbs
broken beyond repair, slit faces and dislodged teeth in his
wake. He also provides Sir Jebediah with new test sub-
jects — who's going to miss a few whores or beggars?
What Jerry wants, Jerry takes, and Jerry wants blood, fear
and respect.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Paes

This dual existence is highly complicated. Sir
Jebediah dislikes Jerry and considers him to be a stupid
little man of no class, devoid of understanding of higher
levels of finance or high society. For him, Jerry is a
necessary evil, both on a purely practical and a more
personal level. Jerry sees Sir Jebediah as a spineless and
limp-wristed snob with little understanding of practical
matters, helpless without his assistance but sadly indis-
pensable for his skills and contacts. Neither of them is
wrong. Their dual existence is strictly hierarchical; Sir
Jebediah draws up the plans and calls the shots, and Jerry
sees to their execution.

Jerry is unable to take advantage of Sir Jebediah's
scientific abilities or social skills, just as Sir Jebediah is
unable and unwilling to engage in brutal violence or
assert his authority with anyone, even though Jerry takes
great pleasure in both. Neither of the two can keep
secrets from the other, since they share their memories
on a subconscious level. This disturbs Sir Jebediah in
particular, who fears that since Jerry knows his deepest
secrets he might plot against him, and he is assuaged only
by the fact that he knows everything Jerry does and can
keep tabs on him.

Most local Kindred know of his condition, and most
of them don't care. They simply decide whether they
wish to deal with Sir Jebediah or if they prefer to talk to
the hulking thug, and make arrangements accordingly.
As long as they are willing to maintain the charade
everything goes smoothly. No mortal is allowed to realize
that they are the same person, however, and anyone who
does can expect to meet Jerry in a dark back alley.

Image: Sir Jebediah is an aristocratic gentleman
from London's high society, while Jerry hails from the
streets of that very same sprawling metropolis, complete
with the stench. Sir Jebediah is a tall, athletic man with
a closely shaved chin and a long locks of oiled red hair,
whereas Jerry is a savage man built of imposing rock-hard
muscle, and he sports a wild mass of red hair. Their
voices, body language and speech are utterly different.

Roleplaying Hints: As Sir Jebediah, you love high
society, the company of your peers, the thrill of scientific
discovery and a good conversation. Anybody who ap-
pears to be even remotely important is someone you
desperately want to please. Still, at the same time, you are
paranoid and quite certain that everyone plots against
you. As Jerry, you love the sound of breaking bones and
insist on cowing every mortal you deal with, with your
presence and threats if you must, with violence if the
situation permits. On some level you are aware of the fact
that you share the same body with another person, but
you steadfastly refuse to admit to this.


Applications: Anyone interested or involved in
drugs may run into either Sir Jebediah or Jerry, depend-
ing on the circles they move in. Those looking to gain a
few favors may find employment from either — in their
line of business, things must always be done, obstacles
removed, and palms greased. Those who complicate
matters for either may soon find themselves in trouble;
Sir Jebediah in particular has notable connections among
mortals and his kind alike, and Jerry has plenty of
associates, undead and otherwise, who take delight in
hurting others.

Clan: Malkavian

Nature: Visionary (Rogue)

Demeanor: Conformist (Monster)

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1769

Apparent Age: Early 30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4 (2 as Jerry), Manipulation 3, Appear-
ance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5 (2 as Jerry), Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 5 (as Jerry), Dodge 4, Empa-
thy 1, Intimidation 4 (as Jerry), Streetwise 4 (as Jerry),
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 4 (as Sir Jebediah), Firearms 2, Melee 4
(as Jerry), Security 1, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 3 (as SirJebediah), Area Knowl-
edge (London) 3, Finance 4 (as Sir Jebediah), Linguistics
(French, German, Latin, Russian) 3 (as Sir Jebediah),
Medicine 5 (as Sir Jebediah), Politics 3 (as Sir Jebediah),
Science (Chemistry) 4 (as Sir Jebediah)

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 1, Obfuscate 3, Po-
tence 2, Fortitude 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Fame 2 (as Sir Jebediah),
Influence 2 (as Sir Jebediah), Resources 5, Retainers 5,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 3

Derangements: Multiple Personalities, Paranoia (as Sir
Jebediah), Obsession (as Jerry)

Willpower: 5

Mortal Authorities

Victorian police forces, when they exist at all, are
badly organized. Solving crimes is not a particularly
refined process — most investigation relies on eyewit-
nesses and confessions, very often given under duress.
Much of the evidence used to convict criminals is ob-
tained from informers, who are often engaged in crimes

of their own. Procedures may vary wildly one city (or
even district in a city) to another.

London is the notable exception to the rule, as it has
its own, well organized police force. London's Metropoli-
tan Police Force was reformed in 1829 by Home Secretary
(later Prime Minister) Sir Robert Peel, and its Criminal
Investigation Department is particularly effective and
modern. Many other countries, including the United
States, are already patterning their own police forces
after the London model. Still, in most other cities, law
enforcement is handled by watchmen, who tend to be
more useful in catching people in the act than actually
solving the crime after the fact.

CID (or Scotland Yard, as it is popularly known,
called so after the location of its headquarters) has made
great progress, but crime detection is still in its infancy —
dusting for fingerprints or conducting ballistic tests is
unheard of. Progress is being made, and compared to the
police forces of the beginning of the 19th century, CID
is very efficient indeed.

Of course, they are woefully underequipped to deal
with vampires. Beings who can turn invisible or climb
the highest walls, command animals or erase the memory
of their activities from the minds of onlookers are effec-
tively unstoppable by even Scotland Yard, much less the
more primitive police forces of the world. If they encoun-
ter vampires they cannot stop them, and they have little
chance of even surmising their presence after the fact.

It's not surprising, then, that the authorities have to
turn to more drastic methods of dealing with the undead
threat. While the Kindred take great pains to keep their
existence a secret from the mortal world, they are only
moderately successful. After all, those who have access
to every intelligence report from an entire nation find
out a great many things indeed, and besides, the world
has always held mortals who know and mortals who talk;
it's inevitable that some catalog this information and
take advantage of it.

To those concerned with national security, the
Kindred are a nightmare. They don't care about borders,
laws or authorities. They scare and kill citizens and
subvert already complicated situations of local and inter-
national politics to their own ends. They generally act
with impunity. What's more, they pose a considerable
personal threat to those who oppose them.

Such authorities aren't entirely without means of
their own. While they certainly want to keep the masses
placid and unaware of the monsters who walk among
them, in the end, should the truth come out, the Kindred
would be the ones most threatened by the revelation.
This need for secrecy makes the Kindred predictable and
vulnerable — should the authorities decide to pare down

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


their ranks, they can only do so much in retaliation. On
the other hand, if the authorities continue such prac-
tices, the monsters will have no choice but to strike back.
Thus, secrecy abounds on both sides of the fence; a cold
war rages as both parties attempt to harm the other
without implicating themselves in the act.

To this end, governments may grant individual
agents vast powers. In the real world, so-called "extraor-
dinary agents" or "agents plenipotentiary," who had
effectively unlimited authority to act as they pleased in
the name of the government, existed but were quite rare.
Such individuals could make any agreement in the name
of the government and in general fully act in its name
when dealing with foreign powers. Obviously, govern-
ments were very careful and selective when granting
such powers to agents.

In the World of Darkness, however, such agents are
more common because they're far more necessary, and
might be sent in to actually negotiate with the Kindred.
Such status provides agents with some degree of immu-
nity from the Kindred, as it is one thing to ignore or abuse
authorities on a local scale and quite another to thumb
your nose at someone who is speaking for the entirety of
Her Majesty's Government (even if the vast majority of
said government isn't aware of the agent's existence), for
example. Killing such a person would be akin to a
declaration of war and would be bound to have extremely
serious consequences to the vampire population.

Furthermore, agents plenipotentiary might well have
extraordinary powers in addition to extraordinary au-
thority. Mortal magicians and other beings with
unconventional qualities are out there, and some of
them have patriotic tendencies, proper government con-
nections and the ambition required for the job. Thus
gifted individuals would be prime material for such
assignments — vast authority combined with the ability
to hold his own against a vampire would make someone
a useful agent indeed. After all, an ordinary agent might
walk out of a meeting with a vampire not only having
agreed to everything the Cainite has suggested but also
in complete loss of control over his future actions.

In the end, a delicate balance of terror exists, com-
plete with strikes, feints and acceptable losses.

Some organizations also, despite their lack of official
affiliation, often operate close to, among or against the
Kindred in a capacity that can be likened to official
sanction. The Pinkerton Detective Agency, forexample,
operates mostly in America but sends agents abroad as
necessary. The agency is, among other things, the inven-
tor of the mug shot and has at this time in history the
largest collection of mug shots in the world. In addition
to chasing criminals, "Pinkertons" are also hired to act as

bodyguards. Indeed, the founder of the Agency, Allan
Pinkerton, acted as the Chief of Secret Service during
the American Civil War. They also investigate sus-
pected spy rings, and they can be expected to undertake
most other types of missions where their famed skills are
useful. While its famed detectives aren't "real" police
officers, they are likely to receive a great deal of respect
and cooperation from authorities.

letters of Marque

Privateers, empowered by letters of marque —
which allowed their bearers to make war on ships
from specific nations — and letters of reprisal —
which granted those who had been plundered by
enemies the right to attack enemy ships for finan-
cial gain, usually until a specific amount of money
had been gained — were quite rare at this pointin
history. Inthe World of Darkness they have greater
possibilities.

Independent mortals without actual connec-
tions to the government may be granted the right
to hunt supernatural creatures without having to
worry about the consequences. Those undertak-
ing such missions would undoubtedly be sworn to
secrecy, but they would have authority to act
freely and without having to worry about authori-
ties taking exception to their antics.

Storytellers are also encouraged to keep in mind that
while characters of this type can be challenging and
interesting antagonists, they also make excellent player
characters in what is guaranteed to be a difficult and
hard-edged campaign. After all, it's intimidating enough
to go after bloodsucking horrors with fully automatic
weapons and flame throwers, but doing the same with
Victorian equipment and a handful of authority that
might or might not be respected by the Kindred is even
more of a challenge.

Anne of Lilies

The existence of Anne of Lilies is not so much a
secret as it is something nobody particularly wants to
think about unless he absolutely has to.

Born in 1852, she is the daughter of a British mer-
chant living in Hong Kong. Her mother died of typhus at
an early age, leaving her father to look after her. In 1874
her father took her on a trip to mainland China with the
intention of securing new trade relations. The details of
the expedition are unknown; her father never returned
from the trip, and neither did any of the servants they


a 4 1

Verbatim meeting transcript, transcribed at the request of Sir Edward Appleton. Marked: "Confiden-
tial" / "Internal Foreign Office use only." Location: Office of Sir Edward Appleton. Date: 3/12/1875.
Present: Sir Edward Appleton (Special Secretary to Foreign Office), Sir Warren Smythe-Darlington
(Special Secretary to Home Office)

Sir Warren Smythe-Darlington: "Edward?"

Sir Edward Appleton: "Warren! Do come in. How do you do? So good to see you, and you have my
apologies for calling this meeting at such a short notice."

WSD: "Not avall, Edward; I had a few things to take care of here as it was, so it's no inconvenience at all."

EA: "Good. Splendid. Now ... ah..."

WSD: "I assume this has to do with the —"

EA: "Yes! Yes. Bad business, that."

WSD: "Bad. Dreadful."

EA: "Dreadful. Yes. Warren, I'll come right to the point: I have been asked to enquire as to your
intentions regarding the matter?"

WSD: "Well, naturally, we have kept it out of the papers, and as for the bodies, they were buried with
all haste —"

EA: "Yes, splendid work. Cholera, wasn't it? I daresay no one will disturb them in a hurry."

WSD: "Yes."

EA: "To be honest, though, the chaps are more concerned about the big picture, rather than this
particular incident ...."

WSD: "Yes?"

EA: "Well, Warren, I think it may seem to some of the chaps that you are dealing with the symptoms
rather than the disease itself, so to speak ...."

WSD: "Yes. Well, actually, our chaps at the Home Office feel rather strongly that this is a problem
for your chaps at the Foreign Office to tackle."

EA: "Certainly not!"

WSD: "Well, you know how the chaps are, Edward, and frankly, I'm afraid they are right. After all,
these fiends certainly aren't British. Indeed, if I might offer some advice, perhaps they should be dealt with
as any foreign agent or spy?"

EA: "But Warren! Surely you know that most of these creatures are British subjects, acting in an
entirely domestic capacity."

WSD: "They may claim to be British subjects, perhaps, Edward, but what kind of an Englishman
would be capable of such ghastly deeds? And surely this is an international problem—not unlike Marxism
in that all countries are subtly being subverted by it."

EA; "But the Foreign Office is quite firm —"

WSD: "Ah. Well. To be entirely clear on this topic, Edward, the Home Office has just recently been
instructed to assist the Foreign Office by hushing up any domestic problems that might arise to the best
of our ability, but I'm afraid that is the extent of our authority and responsibility in this matter."

EA: "Instructed by whom, if I may ask?"

WSD: "I would rather not say, if you catchmy meaning."

EA:,"T see."

WSD: "Dreadfully sorry. Personally, I would love to tackle this problem, but chaps like you and I,
we are mere civil servants. Our master's voice, and all that, eh?"

EA: "Quite."

WSD: "Well, if that's all, [really must run. There are only so many hours in a day. Good day, Edward.
Give my best to Lizbeth, will you?"

EA: "Good day, Warren." (door opens and closes) "Bugger."

Transcript ends.

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


took with them. Only Anne returned to their Hong
Kong home, unannounced and seemingly unharmed,
but unwilling to answer any questions about her father or
what had happened. Indeed, nobody seemed to know
exactly how she had returned to Hong Kong.

Within days she paid a visit the highest-ranking
British covert operative on the island — who was quite
shocked to have a young girl breach his cover with such
casual ease — and informed him of three things.

First, she would be given full cooperation of the
British government in whatever endeavor it pleased her
to undertake. Second, in return, she would provide them
with detailed intelligence about supernatural beings that
might threaten the integrity of the Empire and whatever
plots the Chinese government might bring to bear against
the British. Finally, any attempts to violate her privacy
or hinder her movements would prove to be costly
indeed in ways they could not begin to understand.

To prove that she should be taken seriously, she then
took away the use of his body below the waist with a
single word. Quietly she informed him that he would
remain in this state until he gave her an affirmative
response, and that should such a response fail to arrive
before the lily which she removed from under her tongue
and set on his desk withered, she would return to eat his
soul and make the offer to his successor.

The agent found himself lying on his expensive
carpet ina pool of his own bodily wastes. Unable to move
his lower body even a fraction of an inch, he took the
threat seriously and wasted no time in contacting the
governor of Hong Kong to tell him in no uncertain terms
that whatever the governor might wish to do, this woman
should be left alone at all costs.

Anne now makes her home on a small island south
of Kowloon, where she lives alone, without any servants
or other companions. The manor is large and in good
condition; she frequently demands that the Empire take
care of some problem or another with it. The entire
manor is overrun with lilies. Nota single room is without
several overflowing vases and planters. She doesn't ap-
pear to ingest anything besides the flowers, and during a
negotiation she often reaches over to the lilies, picks one
and swallows it whole.

In the few instances she has offered any information
about herself, she claims to be ageless and to come from
the stars. While this claim is obviously insane, it is worth
noting that she doesn't appear to recognize her family or
former friends at all — and, of course, no one denies her
considerable powers that defy all reason. She also appears
to be able to solve any equation, no matter how compli-
cated, instantly in her head. She isn't aging in any visible
way and continues to look as though she is in her early

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

pS

twenties. At this point, no one who knows about her can
pretend that she is merely well preserved.

Furthermore, insane or not, it's clear that she knows
what she's talking about. While Her Majesty's agents are
numerous and effective, Anne has information no one
else seems to have access to, and she has yet to be wrong
even once. Her Majesty's representatives contact her
when they face dilemmas they cannot solve by them-
selves. Those who visit her manor have reported seeing
thousands upon thousands of sheets of paper strewn
endlessly across the floors and furniture. On these papers
strange mathematical equations and drawings of unfa-
miliar constellations have been drawn with painstaking
detail. Looking at those papers for too long appeared to
cause particularly unpleasant headaches, and at least two
visitors reported nosebleeds that started in conjunction
with the pain, as well as disturbing dreams during the
following nights.

To make matters worse, she makes demands when-
ever she meets with someone on business. She removes
lilies from her mouth, ears, nostrils, even under her
eyelids and hands them to the poor souls sent in to
negotiate with her. Then she makes a demand and
informs them in a melodious but emotionless voice that
should it not be met before the flower withers, she will eat
their souls.

These demands range from having her manor re-
painted or some other entirely mundane task to bringing
her the ashes of five stillborn children or other seemingly
insane demand. More often than not, these demands
relate to her flowers — the ashes of the stillborn, for
example, she poured into the water she then used to
water the lilies in full view of the man who made the
delivery.

The flowers are surprisingly resilient, lasting from a
few days to as long as three weeks. Only a single recorded
instance exists of someone failing to fulfill her demands.
The man in question was found in his office in broad
daylight, covered in beautiful lilies that had apparently
sprung from deep within his body. The office smelled of
clean, fresh earth and the sweet lilies. Those who found
the man felt happy and relaxed at the sight. Some even
took the time to smell the flowers. Only after they left the
area were they struck by the horror of what they had
witnessed.

It's no wonder that she is not a popular source of
information. Still, at times talking to her is the lesser of
two evils. Some things out there would do the Empire
irreparable harm, and if one has to deal with the devil to
save the Queen's domain, so be it.

Whether the question concerns vampires, mortal
wizards, lupines or some other supernatural threat, she


can answer it. Curiously, she appears to be ignorant of
things before someone asks her about them — on several
occasions, someone has asked a question and she has
answered, only to be angered by the very answer she
herself has given. It is not at all uncommon for

her to refuse to answer a

question on the grounds

that it is not relevant to

the matter at hand or the

Empire's safety. In these in-

stances, no for

negotiation exists.

room

She rarely leaves the island,
and it's even rarer for her to leave
Hong Kong. She's been to London a
few times in the past decade and has /
swom never to return there again,
claiming that the filthy air obscures
her view of her beloved stars. On clear
nights, she prefers to spend her time
leaning on the railing of her grand .--:
balcony, craning her head upward ‘(§ §
and gazing up at the stars or bend- =
ing over the expensive telescope
she demanded and received from ""s
the Empire along with the island

and the manor.
Image: Anne of Lilies appears to

be in her early twenties. She wears'
simple gowns and other similar at- |
tire, and her long, blond hair usually
hangs free. She blinks so rarely that
when she does it is usually to em-
phasize something she has just 7g
said. She speaks in a quiet and /——~, |
melodious voice, unless some- 7
one angers her.
Roleplaying Hints: Nobody
understands you, nobody ever
could, and it's offensive that they
would even try. What they need
to do is leave you alone or give
you what you want. You love the
stars; if only you could reach
them again, all would be well,
but you're starting to think
that willneverhappen. 2
Those who suggest o1
even hint that you are insane are the
worst fools in existence, and you do not
suffer fools at all. Death is too good for them,
but unfortunately it's all you have to offer. You do not

make your demands lightly or without your reasons, and
those who appreciate their souls understand this.
Applications: Few vampires know of Anne of Lilies'
existence or what she is capable
of, and those who do tend to
avoid her. Thus, she is more
likely to be a source of infor-
| mation for vampire hunters
employed by the Empire.
» The fact that she can
answer any question
presented to her, sup-
posing that it concerns
* the supernatural or the
Chinese governmentor
is relevant to the imme-
diate safety of the
Empire and asked by an
official representative
of Her Majesty's Gov-
ernment, could very
well be brought to the
attention of the Kindred
who would, naturally, con-
sider her a major threat to
the Masquerade.
Nature: Director
Demeanor: Architect
Apparent Age: Early
20s
Physical: Strength 4, Dex-
terity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Ma-
nipulation 3, Appearance
4
Mental: Perception 5, Intel-
ligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3,
Dodge 1, Empathy 3, In-
timidation 4, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 3
— $kills: Etiquette 2, Fire-
arms 2,

Knowledges: Academics 1, Area
Knowledge (Hong Kong) 3, Fi-
nance 4, Linguistics (French,

German) 2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Influ-
ence'2, Resources 4, Retainers 5,

2 Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


16

Morality: Humanity 1 physical pain doesn't seem to affect to her at all, and
Willpower: 9 earthly matters appear to be irrelevant to her. Thus,
Note: Anne of Lilies is immune to all powers that affect forcing her into cooperation is extremely difficult unless
the mind; hers is an intelligence so inhuman that she the would-be extortionist has the power to extinguish
simply cannot be reached on that level. Furthermore, the very stars themselves.

The Power of Flowers

Anne of Lilies is a disturbing character of considerable power. Her actual origins are left up to the
Storyteller, but here are two possibilities.

© Human. Anne is obviously quite insane, and blessed or cursed with strange powers born from
sorcery, mutation or an infernal pact, but in the end she is a human being who can be killed. For all her
power, she bleeds normally, and a bullet to the brain stem will put her down permanently and without
consequences, the same as any other human being.

Possessed. Anne and her father discovered something originating from the nether realms and made
the fatal mistake of tampering with it. As a result, something deeply and profoundly inhuman now
occupies the body of the young girl. Should someone — a member of the church or a scholar well versed
in the occult, for example —exorcise the spirit or simply kill the host body, the creature would have to
find a new host too weak-willed to resist its attempt to regain a physical body. A thaumaturgist versed in
spirit magics might be able to trap the creature while it is between host bodies and perhaps even learn to
tap into its powers.

Many possibilities exist, but Storytellers should keep in mind that by explaining something in great
detail to the players one risks reducing it to the mundane.

While Anne can kill or paralyze humans with a single word, supernatural beings, such as vampires,
aren't quite as easy targets for her. Should she attempt to use her power on such a creature; both parties
roll Willpower, difficulty 6: The first one to accrue five more successes than the other one wins the contest.
If Anne wins, her will overpowers the target's and she can paralyze. parts of the target's body at will,
effectively rendering the target crippled, deaf, mute or even dead, depending on what strikes her fancy.
If the target wins, he becomes immune to this power for the rest of the scene.

As longas the contest is underway, neither Anne nor her target can perform any other actions; they
must concentrate entirely on their mental struggle.

Should Anne hand one of her lilies to a vampire and make her demand, things might get very
interesting indeed. Eitherthe vampire meets the demand, or he suffers the same flowery fate mortals do.
(Whether Anne actually consumes mortal souls is unclear, but no mortal killed in this fashion turns into
one of the restless dead, It should also be noted that whether Anne remains alive is irrelevant; once the
demand has been made, her continued existence is not required for the curse to remain in effect.)

The good news is that a vampire cannot be killed by the flowers; for Kindred, unlike mortals, the
flowers blossoming throughout their bodies aren't particularly harmful. The bad news is they cannot be
hidden and they can't be eliminated short of three complete exsanguinations (draining the character to
1 Blood Point and supplying fresh blood or vitae from others) and three cycles of being reduced to torpor
by a customized version of Atrophy (Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 182) that is recorded only in tomes
stored in two Chinese libraries of blood magic. Should the flowers be cut off or even dug out by the roots
—an unpleasant and messy business, to be sure — they grow back ina few minutes. They cover every spot
of a character's skin and may even grow in the victim's mouth or other unpleasant locations, making
speech impossible or rendering the character deaf or blind.

At this point, of course, the character becomes a walking Masquerade breach. Finding the single
solution would require a great deal of painstaking research and association with skilled thaumaturgists.
Whether turning one's body into a playground for the Tremere is worth the chance of possibly finding
a cure for the lilies is a judgment call no vampire wants to make.

The pleasant smell is a small consolation at best.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION


Rizhto DahInen

Background: A man of indeterminate Eastern Euro-
pean origin, Pahlnen has a shady past and strange
connections to disreputable people all over the conti-
nent. He hasa reputation in certain circles — if someone
must die, he's the man to make it happen. Even if it's
someone who's already dead.

Alexander II was a man of liberal reforms, but
Alexander III has puta stop to such practices. He prefers
to rule with a firm hand without too many fools telling
him what to do, and he doesn't like vampires, who act as
they please and refuse to bow to his rule. Still, he's no
fool, and realizes that he cannot press them to service.
The Caar is willing to tolerate these beings and overlook
certain actions as long as they behave themselves. It's
not very surprising that Pahlnen, already with nine
vampire kills under his belt, ended up working for the
Czar, taking care of those Kindred who flaunted their
independence too openly.

When the Czar wants to send a message, Pahlnen is
the man to do it. He doesn't negotiate — by the time he
is called in, it is time for direct action. Answering only to
the Czar and a handful of others, PahInen acts with
nearly unrivaled freedom and can expect full and un-
questioning cooperation from any Russian government
agency. In exchange for his independence, he offers the
Czar his unwavering loyalty.

To date, PahlInen has executed more than thirty
vampires, most of them in the name of the Czar, in
retribution for actions against Alexander III's sover-
eignty. He has amassed enemies among the Russian
Kindred, who hate and fear him with an intensity usually
reserved only for elder vampires. Recently he has also

made excursions to the outside world, most notably
Berlin, London and Paris, in search of offenders who
have attempted to escape the Czar's wrath. He appears to
have an uncanny knack for locating his targets' havens,
and this in particular worries many Kindred. Combined
with his tendency to anticipate even the most devious
attacks, he is a dangerous and deadly adversary.

PahInen never travels anywhere without a group of
hand-picked agents, all of whom are experienced and
capable. They have killed vampires before and will do so
again. They aren't stupid enough to be fearless. What's
more, they are smart enough never to play fair. When
traveling abroad, he always has diplomatic credentials.
Though his actual position and authority vary on a case-
by-case basis, he and his men always have diplomatic
immunity, and local authorities will have a hard time
apprehending him.

Image: Rizhto Pahlnen appears to be a fit man in his
early forties. He has a weak chin, a very large nose and
heavy, bushy eyebrows, giving the impression of his eyes
being buried deep in his skull. His thick, dark hair is
graying at the temples. He is a conservative dresser who
prefers "appropriate" to "flashy."

Roleplaying Hints: You like killing vampires. Not
because they are undead monsters (though putting those
evil bastards to the ground is certainly more rewarding
than killing normal humans), but because you love to
hunt the ultimate hunters. The fact that you can do just
about anything in the pursuit of your duties and get away
with it is a good bonus. You are loyal to the Czar, but
mostly out of professionalism; politics don't interest you.
You're not here to make deals or talk — you're here to
kill. Still, you're polite and sociable. You may be a killer,
but you're not a Philistine.

Applications: If the player characters make too
much noise in Russia, they may end up with PahInen hot
on their trail — and even if they don't personally cause
trouble for the Czar, it is always possible that someone
they know does. It's equally possible that the characters
have the job of killing Pahlnen — one of the Russian
Kindred may feel that outside operators are required to
have the job done properly.

Nature: Thrill-Seeker

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


60

Demeanor: Director

Apparent Age: Early 40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Ride 3, Security
4, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Linguistics (English, French, German, Polish) 3,
Occult 3, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Influence 3, Resources 5,
Retainers 5, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

Note: Pahlnen has the Merit Oracular Ability (See
Vampire: the Masquerade, p. 300), and he uses it with
great accuracy. This ability not only allows him to locate
his prey when they are at their most vulnerable but also
gives him advance warning about upcoming attacks on
his person. In most cases, this manifests as an itchy nose,
which directly contributes to his reputation as a man
who can smell trouble coming.

Colonel George "Hound" Brooklet

Background: Colonel Brooklet, like so many oth-
ers, spent the majority of his career in Africa, fighting
savages and clearing the way for British colonialism. A
competent and respected soldier, he was well known for
his willingness to lead from the front, as well as for his
sharp, barklike laugh and his enthusiasm in the pursuit of
his prey. Both of these latter qualities earned him the
affectionate nickname of "Hound."

Duringanighttime attack on enemy positions, Brook-
let — then a major — and his men were surprised to find
that some of the men they fought were clearly not men,
but monsters in human form. Running into vampires
certainly wasn't something he expected, but when it
became clear what they were dealing with, he took to the
task with his customary efficiency and vigor. Much to his
pleasure, he found that, alive or undead, if you pump
enough bullets into someone, he stops moving.

Injured in another battle and rotated out of combat,
Brooklet now found himself promoted and working a
boring desk job in London. The life of an idle officer
didn't suit Brooklet very well; he soon grew bored and
restless. While it might have been possible to receive a
field assignment — his injury had healed well enough —
he had grown uncomfortable with the way most wars

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

seemed to be fought. True to his nature, he preferred a
less impersonal, more adventurous approach to warfare.

Ata gathering of his old men, someone mentioned
the idea of forming a mercenary company — the kind
that would hunt those creatures they had encountered
before. Surely a demand would exist for men willing to
undertake such work? Making a few discreet enquiries
through his military connections, Brooklet found that
should they make such a career choice, they would
certainly not suffer from unemployment. It didn't take
them long to make the decision.

Now Brooklet commands a mercenary company of
forty men, known simply as the Pack, available to those
who have the connections and the money to hire them.
While they specialize in vampires, they also have been
hired to hunt lupines and other supernatural creatures.
All of Brooklet's men are experienced soldiers and well
aware of the threat they face — in addition to helmets
and rifles, all men carry stakes and bottles of flammable
materials, silver bullets, holy water and religious symbols
among other items. They aren't entirely sure which ones
of the stories are true, but why take chances? At least the
stakes and fire seem to work rather well on vampires, and
the silver bullets put lupines down like the rabid dogs
they are, so they must be doing something right.

The Pack employs military tactics in its operations,
and Brooklet is blessed with a particularly keen tactical
eye. His company is supplied with military equipment. In
addition to quality rifles and other similar small arms,
they also have access to light artillery and other similar,
more impressive weapons. Brooklet enjoys loyalty and
respect from his men and extends the same to them
without question.

The Pack operates both in Britain and outside its
borders; on several occasions, it has been employed by
the Foreign Office to take care of particularly difficult
problems. Brooklet enjoys very good relations with Her
Majesty's government and can expect a reasonable
amount of assistance from it.

Image: George Brooklet is a heavyset man with
dark, thick curly hair and bright blue eyes. His two front
teeth are slightly crooked inward — they can be easily
seen, since he constantly smiles. He prefers to dress
casually and doesn't enjoy fancy clothes — he finds them
too restrictive. His military background can clearly be
seen in his posture and movements, though. When in the
field, he and his men all wear uniforms, complete with
rank and insignia of the company. He walks with a slight
limp, though his old wound doesn't particularly inconve-
nience him.

Roleplaying Hints: You are casual to a fault. There
are fellows who like their collars stiff and their drinks


watered down, but you're not one of them. Despite this,
you're a professional and one of the hardest men alive,
and they'd better not forget it. You are very concerned for
the well-being of your men and refuse to take stupid risks.
When in the field, your casual manners are quickly
replaced by a commanding presence.

Applications: Brooklet and his men are not likely to
come after individual vampires. Rather, they are more
often hired to take care of bigger problems — should a
group of well-organized Kindred set up shop somewhere,
Brooklet and the Pack can be called in to clear them out.
While they can and often do operate in urban environ-
ments, they are at their best in the wilderness. They
aren't particularly low-key, though — big explosions and
extended firefights are bound to break out when they go
to work.

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Celebrant

Apparent Age: Early 50s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 4, Streetwise 2

Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Ride 4, Security
2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 1, Linguistics (French, Swahili)
2, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 5

Malcolm Sheffard

Background: When a wealthy American
industrialist's daughter disappeared, his father suspected
that a visiting gentleman from London was to blame. He
contacted the Pinkerton Agency for help, and they
contacted their London agents to investigate the subject
in his native habitat and support.

Pinkerton detective Malcolm Sheffard received the
assignment. He was not a particularly good detective,
though he had been a very good one at the time he was
originally hired. That was years ago; now he drank too
much, smoked too much opium and did the absolute
minimum of work required to keep his superiors from
firing him.

Sheffard located the subject and tailed him. Though
he was drunk most of the time, Sheffard still knew his job,
and his subject remained unaware of him.

Over the course of the next weeks, he tallied up the
subject: He was wealthy. He was careless. He was sure of
himself. He never checked for tails. He enjoyed the
company of aristocracy. He associated with underworld
elements and clearly commanded respect from them. He
lived in a classy but badly maintained mansion. He had
predictable habits. He slept through the days and was
only seen during the night.

On a fateful night, Sheffard witnessed the subject
assaulting a whore in an alley. The man slammed the
whore against a wall; crimson sprayed against the wall as
his fingers flicked impossibly fast across her throat. He
saw a flash of fangs, and then the man — the monster —
buried its face in the whore's neck.

Sheffard ran. He tried to drink himself into oblivion,
but he wouldn't pass out. He knew why — he had to
know more. Soon he found himself sneaking into the
monster's haven on a mission to discover more, terrified
but confident that the creature would follow its estab-
lished routine and not return home until the next evening.

He was wrong and was forced to hide in the base-
ment, behind a heavy velvet curtain, in a room with a
pedestal. He heard noises very close by and nearly suc-
cumbed to the impulse to scream out in terror — but
when the moment stretched and nothing happened, he

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


finally dared to peek. He found the creature, still fully
clothed, seemingly asleep on the pedestal.

Sheffard sought to escape the basement, but the
heavy steel door leading into it was locked. The steel
shutters over the small windows were secured with heavy,
cast-iron padlocks. Frantic in his need to escape, Sheffard
finally decided on a window, drew his revolver and fired
at the padlock in order to force his way out, then spun
around, ready to fire on the monster. To his great
surprise, the thing on the pedestal never even stirred. He
threw the shutters open, ready to crawl to freedom.

Sunlight streamed in. Filtered and weakened though
it was by the filthy London air, it was still a welcome sight
to the detective. The monster on the pedestal felt differ-
ently about it. Sheffard heard a piercing scream from
behind him, and when he turned, he saw it thrashing,
smoking and bursting into flames. Within a few seconds,
nothing was left but ashes and smoke. Horrified and
astonished, he seized his chance: he gathered what
information he could from the premises and burned the
place down, destroying all evidence of his presence.

Now that Sheffard has seen the enemy, he knows it
must be destroyed. How, he doesn't know — but he is
making discreet inquiries and putting two and two to-
gether. It will take time, but he's not in a hurry.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Image: Average build, average height, average face
and average clothes. That's the way Sheffard prefers it;
he doesn't want to stand out. He sports a thick mustache
and thin eyebrows and has a permanent look of disinter-
est pasted on his face, marking him as someone who isn't
involved or interested in anything you might be doing.
Only his sharp and lively eyes betray him to those who
take the time to watch him.

Roleplaying Hints: You were a drunk and a failure,
but that was before. Even a whiff of alcohol still makes
you salivate, but you no longer drink. You know that
monsters are out there, and though you aren't entirely
sure which stories about them you should believe, you are
in the process of collecting information about them. You
go about it the way a good detective does: methodically,
intelligently and quietly. You know that your reputation
in the agency is bad, but between your official cases,
you're building up a file — one with hidden back-up
copies and numerous "in the event of my death" set-ups
—and once you have enough irrefutable proof of these
creatures, you will take it to Mr. Pinkerton himself. You
are very, very afraid, but it no longer matters. They must
be destroyed, at any cost. You will provide the intelli-
gence, and others will do the hunting.

Applications: Malcolm Sheffard can start collect-
ing information on the player characters, in which case
the characters may well be in trouble — Sheffard is a bad
Masquerade breach waiting to happen. Alternatively, he
can be pointed on a rival vampire. While Sheffard is no
fool, it's not impossible to trick him into doing someone
else's dirty work. Should the chronicle focus on vampire
hunters, Sheffard could be an invaluable contact, or
possibly even a person who manipulates the player char-
acters and gives them targets. Of course, anyone hiring a
Pinkerton in London may well end up with Sheffard.
The Storyteller should decide exactly how much infor-
mation he has gathered on the Kindred on general and
the London Cainites in particular, but Sheffard should at
least be well informed enough to not make any obvious
mistakes.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Conformist

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 4,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 4,
Stealth 4


Knowledges: Academics 3, Area Knowledge (London)
3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 5, Law 2, Linguistics (French)
1, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Resources 2, Contacts (Pinkerton Agency,
CID, local underworld elements) 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 5

Other Things Dark and Curious

While vampires are undeniably at the top of the food
chain, they aren't untouchable. Kindred have their share
of enemies and perhaps more, and aren't accustomed to
dealing with threats other than human or Kindred. It's
bad news to them, then, that many things that defy
explanation stalk the Victorian nights.

Vampires aren't the only creatures of the night, and
they know this. Most Kindred have heard rumors of
werewolves, human magicians or other hostile creatures
—some have even had personal encounters with them.

They are known risks, but this is an age of explora-
tion, and white spots still appear on the maps of the

Paris, 8 April, 1871
Mistress Alexandra,

world. Who knows what creatures lurk in the hidden
parts of the world and may return to civilized countries
with brave explorers? The savage jungles and unexplored
wastelands hold many secrets, and while many laugh at
stories of the existence of strange creatures and monsters,
wiser vampires know better — after all, they are consid-
ered to be a myth by the world at large. The Gangrel who
roam the wilderness at times speak of creatures even
stranger or more dangerous than lupines.

Strange creatures from unknown lands are only part
of the horror. Things also stalk the streets of even the
most civilized cities — indeed, it appears that the greater
the city, the more likely that creatures are lurking in the
shadows. Sanitation, while improved from the days of
the Black Plague, is still rather primitive. Garbage rots in
back alleys, and rats have free reign in many parts of the
city. Strange things spawn in the dark cesspools of the
sewers, and while the Nosferatu and their spawning pools
may be blamed for some of the beasts that crawl into the
light, they are rarely responsible for these mongrels that
are too peculiar to live and too rare to die. Some of them
are vicious but mindless beasts, others are almost human
in their deviousness. Some are clearly supernatural and
display varied and disturbing powers.

I regret to inform you that in my duty to protect your haven during your extended stay in the New World,

| haye miserably failed.

On 6 April, !was interrupted in my work when I heard considerable commotion from the street. | sent
young Fergus to investigate. Henever returned; instead, a savage creature with bloodied fangs burst into the
study. It resembled an African gorilla (Gorilla gorilla) in form, but it was no taller than a man. The hair
covering its body was completely white, except where it was stained with fresh blood.

In the following struggle, the creature smashed the oil lamp, and it furthers my shame to admit that

the proximity of the flames caused me to momentarily lose my head and flee. When Irega

ined my composure

and returned to the haven, the creature was gone, having wrecked the study and vs 5 before

hens its way out again through the front door. Young Fergus had been forced into torpor:

his struggle

with the creature, but lam pleased to report that he is already up and about, none the worse for the wear.
For what it's worth, the fire caused very little damage, and | am happy to report that your library and

sanctum are still quite intact.

According to eyewitness reports, the creature only entered the building when it was provoked into doing

so by young Fergus, who has been properly punished for his lack of discretion and foolhardiness. It is my
considered opinion that this was nota deliberate attack but rather a random ifrather bizarre event. However,
1am somewhat concerned that the beastis still on the loose. Having ingested a considerable amount of young
Fergus' vitae, | fear that it may now prove to be a particularly resilient foe. Nonetheless, 1am confident that
the Sheriff is up to the task of hunting it down.

Your dutiful childe,

Jean-Pierre Beauchamp

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


Even traditionally innocent plant life takes on new
and dangerous qualities. Explorers bring back particu-
larly vicious flesh-eating plants that seem to have a
particular hankering for vitae, and some among the
Kindred have no qualms about cultivating and refining
such plants to their own, very specific ends. Nor is all
dangerous flora foreign; many cities have their own
botanical dangers. On some nights, a quickly growing
moss creeps from the sewers and wraps itself around the
bodies of the sleeping homeless, turning them into rich
dirt overnight, and elsewhere tendrils of outlandish
lichen sometimes creep into the bedrooms of the unwary
through cracks in the windowpanes and silently release
clouds of spores. In the morning, the beds are empty, and
what looks like a fine network of spider web completely
fills the room ....

Finally, the occult is very much the rage among the
upper classes of the Victorian age, especially in London,
and this enthusiasm appears to attract strange beings.
Some theorize that the very power of belief these people
radiate causes beasts to become real — and not all of
them are incorporeal spirits, trapped in the otherworld
and unable to act in the physical world.

Monsters? What Gives?

While Vampire is not traditionally a game
about monster bashing, Victorian literature is
full of strange beings and goings-on. Ftom the
relatively scientific fantasies of H.G. Wells and
Jules Verne to the far more baroque nightmares
of writers like Sheridan Le Fanu, mysteries and
unprecedented phenomena abound. No
chronicle has to include such things if they seem
inappropriate for its particular themes; use them
only insofar as they enrich the game in ways that
suit the participants (if not their characters),

The Giant Rat of Sumatra

In 1881, the merchant ship Matilda Briggs arrived in
London, having left Sumatra some months earlier. The
ship was supposedly loaded with spices, but in truth its
cargo was a large shipment of opium. The ship didn't
dock gently; instead, it crashed into the pier. In the
ensuing chaos, a ratlike creature the size of a large dog
leapt from the ship, mutilated a dockhand and disap-
peared down an alley.

Once the police boarded the Matilda Briggs, a hor-
rible scene of slaughter appeared before their eyes. Of its
original crew of thirty, only six were still alive. Their

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

officers' orders were unambiguous: the case should be
handled very quickly and quietly, and under no circum-
stances should the public be alarmed. A covert hunt for
the escaped creature began, but it evaded all capture for
months and killed at least a dozen people, until it was
finally hunted down, trapped and destroyed by a private
detective hired to handle the case as discreetly as pos-
sible.

None of the surviving crew members was sane. They
babbled of a monster and were terrified of ordinary
rodents to the point of attempting to take their own lives
when faced with a harmless, caged rat. They could tell
the authorities little, but apparently the captain of the
Matilda Briggs had brought the creature aboard during
their stay in Sumatra. It had behaved well enough for
weeks, but during the last two weeks of the journey it had
suddenly turned on the captain, and after that the crew
itself. All of the men spoke of a fierce intelligence
burning in the rat-thing's eyes and claimed that it knew
their secrets and ate their dreams.

From that night on, British authorities were in-
structed to pay special attention to all ships that had
recently paid a visit to Sumatra, but to date no other
similar creatures have been encountered. Still, where
one is, others may be also ....

While giant rats of Sumatra start out as dispropor-
tionately large but otherwise ordinary rats, prolonged
exposure to intelligent beings — mortal humans, vam-
pires or any other creatures capable of independent
thought — turns them into terrible monsters. Naturally
telepathic, the giant rats are psychic vampires, leeching
intelligence from their victims. Even the very souls of
their victims are consumed in the process; thus one
whose mind has been eaten by a giant rat of Sumatra will
not become a ghost and cannot be contacted by necro-
mancy. If the rat is destroyed, every soul thus trapped is
released.

While the rats cannot communicate verbally, they
are all naturally telepathic and have a power similar to
the Auspex power of Telepathy, with the exception that
they don't have to spend a point of Willpower to contact
the minds of supernatural creatures. They may also
project terrible visions into the minds of others by rolling
Intelligence + Subterfuge. The target is aware of the
attack (though not necessarily where it is coming from)
and may resist with a Willpower roll. This is an extended
action; once the rat has more successes than the target
has Willpower, the target becomes insane — intense
paranoid schizophrenia is the most common result. The
rats are of the opinion that insane minds are far tastier
and more filling than ordinary ones, and thus they often
spend days or even weeks driving their victims insane


with horrific visions before finally devouring them. Natu-
rally, for a giant rat of Sumatra, Malkavians are a grand
feast waiting to happen.

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 7, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2

Skills: Stealth 5

Attack: Bite for 7 dice

Health Levels: OK, —1, -1, -2, -2, —5, Incapacitated
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Mind Drain

Ifa giant rat of Sumatra spends at least a week
in the company of an intelligent being, it becomes
intelligent itself. The rat gains a single dot of
Intelligence, the equivalent of a young child or a
retarded adult. This has no adverse effects on the
being in question.

Unfortunately, the rat cannot become more
intelligent simply by basking in the stray thoughts
of other beings. To become more intelligent, it
must devour the minds of others. The rat eats the
brain of its victim, usually along with any other
body parts it feels like eating. (Unlike yampires,
giant rats don't need to consume strange things to
survive; they merely want to do so. They subsist on
what any other rat would, albeit in far greater
quantities, and can starve to death if they cannot
find anything to eat.)

The rat gains an additional dot of Intelligence
for every ten victims it consumes, whether human,
vampire or any other intelligent being. (At
Storyteller's discretion, beings who have an Intel-
ligence rating higher than five dots may grant the
rat more than one dot of Intelligence.) After it has
reached five dots of Intelligence, it can continue
to become yet more intelligent by continuing to
eat the minds of its victims, butat this point every
new dot of intelligence gained requires (10 x
current Intelligence rating) victims. Every insane
victim devoured by the rat counts as two sane
victims.

Note that giant rats of Sumatra who have
reached this level are superhumanly intelligent.
Though they are thoroughly evil and twisted, they
may be willing to cooperate with vampires, realiz-
ing quite correctly that working together may be a
far better choice than being destroyed.

Morality: Humanity 1

Willpower: 5

Notes: Giant rats of Sumatra may gain other abilities as
their intelligence increases. While their front paws aren't
ideal for manipulating weapons or tools, they're easily
agile enough for turning pages of books or other similar
tasks. This template represents a rat that has gained just
enough intelligence to become a problem — Etiquette,
Finance, Performance, Politics, Subterfuge and other
abilities are most appropriate for more advanced rats.
The most advanced rats may also develop Backgrounds
that reflect their ability to enlist or command human and
other followers; rats given time and opportunity may
build secret networks to rival those of Moriarty and
Mithras.

Demon Lichen

Demon lichen grows deep under cities. It's a fragile
plant, ill-suited for survival; it cannot derive sustenance
from sunlight, water and nutrients. When the Great War
begins in the early 20th century, air has already become
too polluted for it to survive. Still, for the time being, it
thrives, feeding on living creatures.

The heart of the lichen is hidden away in some small
nook in the bowels of the city, more often than not ina
small crack in the wall or a natural hollow, almost
completely inaccessible by people. It sends out very long
tendrils that slowly travel to the surface, seeking the
warmth of living bodies. When they come close to one,
they release acloud of spores. When the spores come into
contact with the victim, they first cause him to fall into
a deep coma. Shortly afterward, the victim's skin begins
to dissolve and turns into fine, sticky weblike material
that bursts out from his body, attaching itself to the
ceiling, walls and furniture. Sooner or later, the webbing
comes into contact with the lichen's tendrils. At that
pointaconnection is established between the victim and
the lichen, and the victim's body immediately starts to
dissolve into a fluid. This fluid is transmitted into the
lichen through the pulsating web. Once the body has
been entirely dissolved, the lichen retreats, leaving be-
hind only the depleted webbing and the victim's clothes,
if he was wearing any. Fillings, earrings and other foreign
objects are also left behind, but the body itself disappears
completely.

Completely mindless and unable to defend itself,
demon lichen can nevertheless be difficult to get rid of:
cutting loose or burning individual tendrils does nothing
to the rest of the plant. The tendrils themselves are
completely harmless, but the spores they release can be
deadly. The demon lichen can only effectively release its
spores within enclosed spaces; in very large rooms or

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


outdoors the spores drift too far apart to be of any use.
They inflict a level of automatic bashing damage every
turn and immediately put normal mortals in a coma.
Webbing starts to burst out only after the
immobile. Vampires are unaffected by this effect while
awake and active but can still end up victims of the
lichen during slumber and torpor or when immobilized
by a stake.

victim is

The best way to destroy demon lichen is to burn it
completely away at the center of its existence. Once the
thick, white mass of lichen has been destroyed, the
tendrils immediately wither away and die. This can be a
difficult task, since the lichen's tendrils often travel far
away from their point of origin, usually located deep
underground in places that the tendrils can easily sneak
in and out of but which human-sized beings have a hard
time reaching. Many Nosferatu are familiar with demon
lichen and exterminate them as soon as they run across
them.

Demon lichen that has consumed a vampire be-
comes a serious threat. While the lichen doesn't gain any
actual intelligence or purpose, a shadow of the vampire's
memories remains, and the lichen attempts to spread
itself to the vicinity of those for whom the vampire had

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Ni |

strong feelings — love, hate, affection, disdain or any-
thing at all. What's more, after imbibing the vampire's
vitae, demon lichen grows faster than before, and its
tendrils cover great distances in the course of a single
night, crossing from one end of a great metropolis to
another.

Demon lichen's actual health levels depend entirely
on how big it has been able to grow. Small ones may have
just one or two health levels, whereas large ones may
have dozens. The more victims they claim, the larger
they become. Individual tendrils may be cut or crushed
by one level of either lethal or bashing damage and
immediately wither away when destroyed. Those who
want to destroy the lichen completely had best refrain
from destroying all of the tendrils they discover, as
without them finding the lichen itself is nearly impos-
sible.

The Eyeless Urchins

It is terrible to be cast out into the cold and terrible
to grow up without a mother. Yet in this age it is not an
uncommon thing. Too many parents simply cannot
afford to or don't want to take care of their children.


Many of them end up in orphanages — unpleasant
places, to be sure, but it's usually better than living on the
streets, if only barely. Nobody asks after an orphan. Some
foundlings don't even have names until someone both-
ers to invent ones for them or they come up with
monikers themselves. An incredibly lucky few are
adopted, but most spend their early lives in cramped
conditions. Those who survive sickness, physical abuse
and poor conditions grow up to be malnourished young
men and women. Some fortunates make their way out of
these miserable conditions either through perseverance,
luck or a combination of the two, but most live, grow old
and die in the same squalor they were born into.

Some unwanted children never end up in orphan-
ages. Some people are of such feeble morality that they
dispose of these children in an even less humane manner.
Some adults can wring a tender neck or weigh a baby
down and throw it in the Thames, but even the most
corrupt of men tend to lack the nerve to murder a
newborn themselves. More often than not, they leave
such babies to the elements in some filthy back alley, run
away and drink until the shrill cries disappear in a
drunken haze. Some are rescued by passersby, but most
such children die shortly of cold and hunger.

Every once in a while, one or two small children
creep up from the shadows to the frightened infant. Cold
fingers pick the child up, and, acting on instinct, the
newcomer leans close to the child's face. In the chaste
kiss ofa sibling, a tiny flicker of ectoplasm flows from one
set of lips to another, and the crying stops with a final,
terrified wail that echoes in the darkness long afterward.
The child is carried away. It is not fed; it no longer eats.
It is not kept warm; no clothing can warm the fragile
bones of this child. Yet it grows up to join its peers. Its
eyes rot away, but it is blessed with an unnatural and
accurate sight that defies reason.

Not quite alive, not quite dead, the baby becomes
one of the eyeless urchins. Their clothes, what little they
have, are soiled. No onlooker can tell where filth ends
and skin begins. They are thin and bony and desperate,
but their empty sockets are aglow with an eerie light.

The urchins dwell in parts of London mortal eyes
rarely, if ever, gaze upon. They know the narrowest
alleys, the holes in the pavement and the loose bricks in
the walls. They know the underground tunnels, the
sewer lines that no grown man would ever fit into. Their
routes lead across the rooftops, below the buildings and
through the narrow spaces between sewage and civiliza-
tions; they can cross the city without once setting their
foot ona major street. They move quickly and quietly, in
packs, and they always seem to know exactly where they
are going.

When they aren't moving, they congregate in safe
havens such as cellars, abandoned attics, spaces in the
ceilings too small for adults to reach. They sit and huddle
together for warmth that will never come. Nobody cries;
no tears are left. Nobody talks; they have nothing to say.
Nobody hungers; they are beyond hunger.

All they can think of is the cold.

When it becomes unbearable, the people of London
who walk the streets at night may hear the patter of small
feet against cobblestones and suddenly find themselves
surrounded by a dozen or more eerily quiet children. The
eyeless urchins don't ask for handouts. Instead, like an
organic wave, they pour forth from sewers, alleys and
other small spaces, surrounding their victim.

Not just anyone will do. They require a warmth that
goes beyond mere physical temperature. Only those who
have sired or born children will do, and even then more
than the mere act of procreation is required. To the
empty sockets of an urchin, the warmth of parental love
glows like a beacon.

The urchins prefer to take mothers — many a whore
plying her nightly trade to pay for the food her baby needs
has met her end in the darkness beyond the gaslights —
but loving fathers will do as well if no women are
available. Sometimes the Urchins break into homes,
taking both parents at once, only minutes before adding
the now-orphaned children to their own ranks.

It is never enough. The rush of warmth the urchins
extract from their victims soon fades, and they are left
looking for the next one.

The bodies of the urchins' victims appear to be
unmolested, but they are cold (even in the middle of the
summer) and rigid, as if in a permanent state of rigor
mortis. It isn't muscle tension that causes the rigidity but
the bones themselves, frozen in whatever position they
were in when the victim died — usually in a telltale
position of attempted defense. The bonesare also strangely
brittle. Any attempt to move the victims' limbs to
another position causes them to snap.

It's a mystery to the authorities, who cannot under-
stand what killed these people. Nobody can shed any
light on the matter. No witnesses can be found, no
evidence. Nobody sees the eyeless urchins. They are
everywhere and nowhere. They don't ask questions and
they don't share their stories. All they want is someone
to hold them.

The motherless children of London are coming
home, and they are looking for a little warmth.

Image: The urchins are small children and don't
usually attract much attention. London is, after all, full
of the little bastards; it's a rare citizen indeed who pays

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BETOND

oe

Fe


much heed to what they do. Filthy, scrawny, barely
clothed and perpetually hungry, they are no different
from any other child of the streets. Only their eyes betray
their true nature. Behind the mass of unkempt hair,
hollow and rotten eye sockets glow with an eerie, green-
ish light of bioluminescent nature.
Roleplaying Hints: Cold. Must be warm. Mother is
warm. Mother is close. We go to Mother for warmth.
Applications: The urchins aren't much ofa threat to
vampires as such. As Kindred aren't alive, they are of
absolutely no interest to the urchins; in any physi-
cally the urchins are mere children, if particularly vicious
ones. Ghouls and other mundane servants or associates
may be ambushed and killed by the urchins, however.
Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Survivor
Apparent Age: Under 10
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 5

Skills: Brawl 4

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (London) 5

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 1

Willpower: 4

Notes: The eyeless urchins always appear in groups of a
dozen or more and rely on their numbers to overwhelm
opponents. Make normal Brawl attacks for the urchins
against mortal or ghouled humans, except that the ur-
chins cause Lethal damage. They do not punch or kick
their victims; rather, they cling to them in a twisted
approximation of a child hugging a parent. These attacks
are completely ineffective against Kindred.

Independent Humans

Governments and organizations associated with them
deal with Kindred, or at least with the consequences of
their actions, on a regular basis, but interaction with the
undead is by no means the sole province of those with
authority and the blessing of some government or the
other.

Some individuals are always fascinated by vampires,
and no wonder: unaging, inhumanly graceful, mysteri-
ous, beautiful and terrible — weak-willed and easily


swayed mortals are easily fooled by them. Depending on
the Kindred in question, such mortals are either favored
or tolerated, used or abused, respected or sneered at. Still,
not everyone who deals with vampires is starstruck.
Some people are in it for the profit, because they get a
kick out of dealing with the supernatural or simply
because they don't have a choice. Some have serious
personal reasons for working with (or against) the Kin-
dred, and for others it's a question of conviction.

Regardless of the specific circumstances, it's possible
fora mortal to finda profitable niche in which to interact
with the Kindred without becoming a blood-bound slave
to them. To remain in such a position for an extended
time may not be easy, but some manage it.

Jacqueline Kipling-Halfstaff

Background: In the early 19th century, the Halfstaff
Shipping Company did good business in the slave trade.
Thousands upon thousands of people were shipped from
Africa to America, and the profits were beyond satisfac-
tory. The Halfstaff family was past prosperous and on its
way to being rich.

Unfortunately, when Jacqueline Halfstaff inherited
the company after the death of her father in the latter
half of the 19th century, slavery had already been abol-
ished both in America and Britain, and the once great
shipping fleet was a shadow of its former self. What's
more, the family fortune had all but dwindled away.
Luckily for her, the 1868 Pharmacy Act, which restricted
the sale of opium to professional pharmacists, gave an
answer to her problem. Smuggling opium wasn't that
different from shipping slaves, and now the profits were
considerable. Selling opium in Britain was illegal, but it
was easy to buy in India and other Asian locations.

Today, Mrs. Kipling-Halfstaff— she married Daniel
Kipling, a barrister of considerable legal skills and proud
owner of a personality far too weak to slow down his wife
— is turning a tidy profit as the head of a large interna-
tional smuggling ring. The Halfstaff Shipping Company
traffics in many kinds of items but concentrates mainly
on opium. Her success rests on meticulous planning,
generous bribes and a fear-inducing reputation among
the denizens of the extralegal community. This last part
isn't her own doing but rather part of a discreet arrange-
ment with the Camarilla, which had already had dealings
with her husband in the past and came in as silent
partners whether she wanted them or not. Mrs. Kipling-
Halfstaff isn't overjoyed about this, but she has to admit
that vampires make good business partners. They pull
the strings behind the scenes to make sure her business
runs smoothly and the law stays away from her, and she

9098548515 8

reciprocates by shipping anything the Kindred want
wherever they want, no questions asked.

The arrangement has proven mutually satisfactory.
The company is doing well, she enjoys a fair degree of
independence, and — much to her own surprise — she
is happily married. While not that much actual love
exists between her and her husband, they get along very
well and enjoy each other's company, and that's more
than she ever actually expected to get.

Image: Jacqueline Kipling-Halfstaff is handsome,
not beautiful. She makes up for what she might lack with
excellent taste in clothes; strictly speaking, she's not a
showoff. Her clothes are good quality but not too expen-
sive, and while she knows her best sides, she doesn't strut.
She is a tall, surprisingly athletic woman sporting long
locks of red hair, neatly brushed and tied back.

Roleplaying Hints: You are calm, collected and
cool — but not so cool as to appear cold. You love the
glamour of high society but cannot stand the prudish
attitudes that more often than not demote you to the
level of an ornament. Still, you enjoy the company of
intelligent people and a good debate, and if both can be
found at the same time, all is well. Halfstaff Shipping
Company is your company and your property, and though
you know that as a woman you unfortunately can't claim

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


complete independence and get away with it, you'll be
damned before you let anyone tell you how to run your
business. You dislike and fear vampires, but a deal's a
deal, and you put on a good show of carefree cooperation
for them. They reciprocate by not killing you, and you
have a feeling that that's about as good a deal as you can
get from these monsters.

Applications: Anyone interested or involved in the
drug trade may run into Mrs. Kipling-Halfstaff. Those
who complicate matters for her may soon find them-
selves in trouble; she is well connected both within
mortal and Cainite society, and individuals in both
prefer to see her business thriving and don't mind hurting
people in order to accomplish that. Camarilla vampires
who need something — themselves, perhaps — shipped
from one corner of the world to another can always
contact the Halfstaff Shipping Company. Vampiric cli-
ents and their special requirements are taken care of with
discretion and skill.

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Architect

Apparent Age: Early 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Intimidation
1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 2

Knowledges: Academics 1, Area Knowledge (London)
3, Finance 4, Linguistics (French, German) 2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Influence 2, Resources 4,
Retainers 5, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Willpower: 6

Jacob &tonerose

Background: Closely associated with Oscar Wilde,
often seen and even more often heard of in the occult
circles of Europe, Jacob Stonerose is a man who hasa well
deserved reputation for flamboyance, egotism and deca-
dence. What he loses to Wilde in wit and presentability,
he more than makes up for in occult knowledge and
shady contacts.

Stonerose is a homosexual, which is an open secret
in the circles where such practices aren't much frowned
upon. While he takes pride in his preferences, he still has
the smarts not to flaunt them in the faces of those who
will not accept him. After all, laws exist against such

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

practices, and Stonerose — while not categorically op-
posed to standing up for what he is — would rather not
face the judge on charges of sodomy or, indeed, any
charges at all. He moves effortlessly through all levels of
Victorian society, but he prefers to be among those who
are rich enough to live the good life and free-spirited
enough to act as they please.

Kindred looking for information on the occult often
look up Stonerose and take advantage of his extensive
knowledge and connections. Stonerose has a large and
well guarded occult library that contains ancient and
secret volumes. Stonerose has a great deal of knowledge
but no practical experience in magick (he insists on the
"k") — while he knows a great many rituals by heart and
could certainly be a mortal wizard of some note, he has
never performed one and doesn't intend to. He believes
that practicing such arts never leads anyone to a good
end, and thus he's only interested in the information
itself, not its applications.

As payment for his services, Stonerose accepts both
money and occult knowledge. In the case of latter,
"knowledge" means documents, books, detailed accounts
from credible eyewitnesses or other similar things; hear-
say and vague references will not be acceptable. He
insists on payment upon delivery — he doesn't accept
favors or promises of things to come unless he considers
the client to be particularly trustworthy or too dangerous
to be argued with. In the case of the latter, he starts to
take precautions — he has powerful clients, who are
likely to want to ensure that Stonerose stays in business.

Stonerose remains firmly unaffiliated with any par-
ticular sect or clan, though certain Tremere in particular
make frequent use of his services. He is wary of vampires,
but more out of practical reasons than any fear of the
supernatural. Not all of his clients are vampires —other
strange beings and even ordinary mortals deal with him.
Stonerose doesn't care, as long as the pay's good. He isn't
cheap, but he's fair, if only because he definitely doesn't
want to antagonize his clients.

Image: Decadent, graceful and beautiful, Stonerose
dresses flamboyantly but always tastefully — if only
barely. He has exceptionally large hands and feet, but
their size belies their natural speed and dexterity —
skillful sleight-of-hand tricks are his specialty, and he
can almost always be seen playing with cards, coins and
other similar items.

Roleplaying Hints: You are always hungry for more
occult knowledge and will be glad to deal with anyone
who might offer you some. You flirt with beautiful men
and women, though the latter usually seem to be able to
tell that youaren't really interested. Youare witty (though


not quite as witty as you think) and love to run in circles
around those who can't quite keep up with your verbal
exercises, but you're not stupid enough to do it to
vampires. You have no desire ever to become one, what
with all that distasteful messing about with blood and
aversion to sunshine and so forth, but they're certainly
interesting. And yes, you prefer boys with a pulse, no
matter how beautiful they are.

Applications: Characters looking for information
on the occult or the occult scene in Europe will more
likely than not end up talking to Jacob Stonerose. Many
in these circles are hard to contact without suitable
references from someone, and Stonerose is quite willing
to provide them if the characters can meet his price.
Stonerose can most often be found in London, but he
travels around all of civilized Europe on a regular basis.
Nature: Celebrant
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Apparent Age: Mid-30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 4,
Expression 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 1, Sleight of Hand 4, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Academics 4, Enigmas 4, Finance 1, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 1, Linguistics (French, German, Greek,
Latin) 3, Occult 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 5 (simply everybody, darling),
Fame 2, Influence 2, Resources 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 5

Willpower: 6

The Brotherhood of Penitence

Vampires act with impunity; they are immortal
beings, beyond God's laws and retribution, free of morals
and codes of conduct except those they choose to impose
upon themselves. This is what many vampires believe,
but they are wrong, and the Brotherhood of Penitence
exists to prove the point. The members believe vampires
to be imperfect angels, created by God with several flaws,
but only one that truly matters — a lack of conscience.
Yet God, in His infinite mercy, decided to spare them
and gave the Brotherhood the task of both serving them
and acting as their conscience.

The earliest records the order has of its existence
date back to the late 13th century. Members of the order
believe that they have existed for far longer, but the most
ancient records were destroyed in 1442 when the order
was nearly destroyed by the Kindred and only a handful
of the order's members managed to escape.

The Brotherhood expects vampires to follow a code
of conduct, and rewards or punishes them accordingly.
The code follows Humanity's Hierarchy of Sins rela-
tively closely, but important differences exist.

Vampires are not humans, therefore they do not
have to follow the same rules as humans do. Killing while
feeding, for example, is acceptable behavior; that is their
divine right as angelic hunters. Wanton murder or un-
necessary cruelty is frowned upon, however, and
murdering other Kindred is a great sin. (Diablerie, how-
ever, is entirely acceptable and even commendable, as
the victim doesn'tso much die as unites with the diablerist,
thus creating a stronger vampire.) Entering frenzy is
frowned upon, especially if it results in the deaths of
mortals or other vampires — giving in to the Beast and
letting it run loose is considered to be antithetical to
angels. On the other hand, creating progeny is consid-
ered to be a great thing, a reaffirmation of God's will.

The Brotherhood is composed of three groups: ar-
chivists, watchers and balancers.

Archivists are the heart, mind and soul of the entire
order — everyone else is expendable, but archivists keep

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


the records that allow the Brotherhood to function.
These records include information on the order's history
and on every known vampire and are updated as often as
possible.

The watchers travel the world, looking for Kindred
and information on their activities, writing extensive
reports and sending them to the archivists. Hundreds of
them are all over the world: most major cities have at
least two watchers, often unaware of each other and
believing themselves alone in the area. Thus archivists
attempt to ensure that the reports they receive aren't too
homogenous and limited in scope.

Archivists constantly evaluate the vampires they
know about and often decree that someone should be
punished or rewarded based on his recent actions. Vam-
pires who break the code may face inexplicable financial
problems, deaths or permanent injuries of loved mortals,
strange accidents, vampire hunters or other mortals who
have somehow gained detailed information about them,
even sunlight streaming into their havens during the day
and burning them, but somehow ceasing a mere heart-
beat before Final Death. On the other hand, vampires
who sire many childer and refrain from unnecessary

Do They Know Me?

violence may find themselves suddenly in good fortunes
—troublesome mortals may disappear, intelligence about
their enemies' movements is delivered to them, arcane
knowledge becomes available by a stroke of good luck
and business opportunities arise.

Watchers are the Brotherhood's eyes and ears, and
theirs is the dangerous and lonely duty of keeping an eye
on Kindred and reporting their actions to the archivists.
While no watcher is allowed to take direct action against
a vampire —as they do not know the entire story behind
any given situation, their judgment is automatically
considered to be faulty — they are allowed to take drastic
measures in their pursuit of knowledge. Thus, mortals or
ghouls may be captured and tortured for information
(and killed afterward, to preserve secrecy), havens may
be broken into, files may be stolen and so forth.

The order considers its members above the code it
expects vampires to adhere to. Wanton murder of mor-
tals is forbidden to vampires, but the order's operatives
are allowed to engage in all sorts of misdeeds as long as
they further the order's divine cause. The only limitation
is that watchers may never take risks that would compro-
mise the order's secrecy. Many of the rewards and

How comprehensive are these records? Do they actually have accurate information on the player

characters, for example? Possibly! If the character in question has kept a very low profile, it's more than
likely that absolutely no information on her is in the Brotherhood's archives. On the other hand, well
known figures in either sect, famous anarchs, elders and other Kindred who have made names for
themselves certainly have their own entries in the archives. The word gets atound, and sooner or later it
will reach the ears of the Brotherhood. The older the vampire, the more likely itis that the archives have
information on her.

Whether this information is accurate, useful or even relevant is another question entirely. Indeed, the
vast archives include volumes upon volumes of insignificant minutiae that the archivists use to draw their
conclusions on the vampires' characters, with varying degrees of success. The watchers, despite their best
intentions, are unable to keep full track of their subjects' activities, and fake names, rumors, misunderstand-
ings and intentional misinformation spread by the Kindred cause even further confusion. Even other
vampires don't know what the rest of their kind are up to, so how could a mortal outsider have a chance
of doing so?

Therefore, it's not uncommon for a vampire to have several entries under different names in the
atchives and be treated as several different individuals by the archivists — in extreme cases, one may
receive assistance while another may end up targeted for retribution, even at the same time. It's not
uncommon for balancers'to undertake missions that concern Kindred who have already long ago moved
to another city or even.died the Final Death. Even more importantly, the incomplete and fragmentary
nature of the archives causes the archivists to-connect the dots with alarming inaccuracy. Monstrous
vampires may be rewarded while saintlike vampires end up fighting for their lives.

While the archivists themselves certainly believe that they pass judgment on Kindred with full and
well informed objectivity, an outside observer would find this claim laughable at best:

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION


punishments unwitting vampires bring upon themselves
can be arranged by the manipulations of watchers, but
when more drastic measures are required, their skills
aren't sufficient to the task at hand. The order's warriors,
known as balancers, are well suited for hunting vampires.

Using arcane astrological means, the archivists di-
vine proper times of birth for the fiercest and most
dedicated warriors. Suitable candidates are stolen from
their parents by watchers within two weeks of their birth,
and these children begin their training as chosen war-
riors as soon as they are able to hold a weapon.

Before that, they grow up in ascetic and harsh
surroundings conditioned with continuous sermons, lec-
tures and potent chemicals. Their lives are strictly
regulated; any attempts to form friendships or other ties
to their fellow balancers-in-training or their teachers are
punishable offenses. Questions are not encouraged. Those
who prove too weak, too emotional or otherwise unwor-
thy of the great honorare killed outright. Not surprisingly,
the number of recruits in each "class" dwindles as the
years go by. Those few who survive are exceptional tools
of murder, completely loyal to the archivists and the
order itself.

When balancers start hunting a specific vampire,
they usually have a decent idea of that vampire's strengths
and weaknesses; after all, such an attack is only autho-
rized after painstaking research that may have taken
decades or even centuries. A balancer never willingly
kills a vampire other than his target (though he may
incapacitate one in order to fulfill his mission), though
both normal mortals and ghouls must survive collateral
damage as best they can. Vampires who manage to
survive a balancer or two are usually left alone, as they
considered to be under God's protection and part of some
greater plan — after all, how else could the order have
failed?

The order is well informed about vampires' society
and powers (at least by mortal standards) and has great
resources at its disposal, collected over the centuries —
money and the best equipment are always available for its
agents. It doesn't have a great deal in the way of man-
power — dedicated and properly trained agents are hard
to come by. Members of the Brotherhood of Penitence
may, at the Storyteller's discretion, have True Faith (see
Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 272). Even if they don't,
they are fiercely dedicated to their cause and take to their
duties with fanatical zeal. Even the Inquisition can't
boast similar dedication among its operatives; not a
single member among the Brotherhood is unwilling to
die for the cause — even though most of their field
operatives have no idea why they are doing what they are

doing, their single-minded dedication keeps them from
asking questions.

Archivist

These elderly men spend most of their time buried in
paperwork. They never leave their remote, well hidden
hideout, so player characters won't meet them unless
they specifically go looking for them. Only half a dozen
of these scholars exist. Experienced and intelligent watch-
ers are promoted to archivists as required — after all,
unlike their subjects of study, archivists don't live for-
ever. Archivists are superb at manipulating and
brainwashing their underlings, but for all their intelli-
gence, they are grossly misled and prone to overestimating
the quality and/ or importance of the information they
receive.

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 2

Talents: Empathy 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Academics 4, Enigmas 4, Finance 1, Inves-
tigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics (French, German, Italian,
Latin) 4, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Resources 5

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 2
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 6

Watcher

Watchers aren't warriors. They can defend them-
selves against mortals, ghouls and other opponents, but
avampire will nothave any trouble dispatching a watcher.
Watchers never carry anything on their persons or in
their belongings that would point toward the order, and
will sooner take their own lives than compromise its
secrecy — poison capsules are routinely carried for just
this purpose. They never take notes; instead, they com-
mit everything to memory and use extremely complicated
codes when sending reports to the archivists.
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Academics 2, Enigmas 3, Finance 1, Inves-
tigation 4, Law 1, Linguistics (French, German, Italian,
Latin) 3, Occult 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 4

CHAPTER THREE: THE NIGHT SOCIETY AND BEYOND


Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage
2

Morality: Humanity 5
Willpower: 6

Balancer

About two dozen balancers exist in the world.
When they aren't on a mission, they hone their
already considerable skills and concentrate on
guarding the archivists. Balancers are as cold and
emotionless as human beings possibly can be —
far more so than most vampires, as a matter of
fact. They have no friends, no social ties, and
they have never been loved. Many of them aren't
even aware of the concept. A lifetime of brutally
effective conditioning has made their personali-
ties undeveloped and weak, leaving only steely
conviction. They don't consider themselves to
be human or inhuman — they are balancers, and
that is enough. Balancers don't infiltrate, plot or
plan — they simply go where they are directed by
archivists and watchers, and kill using the most
effective, underhanded and straightforward meth-
ods possible — for example, burning down an
entire building filled with mortals just to kill the
vampire target is considered to be an acceptable
and sensible tactic.

Balancers ignore all dice penalties brought
on by pain, stress, fear or other similar states —
they are too single-minded to care. (Common
sense applies here — ifa balancer's limb is chopped
off, for example, dice penalties obviously apply;
at that point, tenacity becomes a nonissue.)
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appear-
ance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge
5
Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 5, Melee 5, Stealth
4
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 1
Backgrounds: Resources 4
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage
5
Morality: Humanity 2
Willpower: 9

ayn

PBT

925442597 yg

Exotic Mysteries at Home

In its structure and its devotion to esoteric doctrine, the Brotherhood resembles the Eastern cults
beloved of Victorian mystery writers and hated by the colonial administrations which must deal with
them. Characters familiar with India, for instance, might well mistake the Brotherhood for a Western
branch of the thuggees, while characters with experience in Africa or Latin America could likewise
confuse it with cults and secret societies of those lands, The Brotherhood sometimes deliberately exploits
this resemblance to point suspicion at other targets while carrying out its own schemes.



:

Ghapter Four:
The Stories of
The Age

ae ity heron

Sa ostese ee toi a

VC ah inetibs, lite
ke Uhh th ot pu

Sth, a Sheds
Sect lence ara ed, Peas

it, bf ie 4 on,

ils,
Bin lotr sae 7 Ca
TON litory agi stern C-ilhirs

Victorian Age: Vampire chronicles don't have to take on the forms
of Victorian stories, but since they already include the background and
characters, using the rest of the tradition as well can enrich the game.
Characters can and sometimes should discover that all the things they
feared when alive prove all too true now that they are undead.

The classic Gothic story was pre- Victorian, and by the 1830s it had
developed its major conventions: dark convents of corrupt nuns, evil at
the heart of churches and cathedrals, tortured heroes and heartrendingly
innocent heroines, dominating guardians, shadowed mood and deep
intensity. In the Victorian era, themes of the darker side of nature barely
restrained by law and civilization are joined by newer approaches in
which potential explanations exist and at some future point science and
rational thinking may explain it all.

Stevenson's The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde includes
examples of both the evils of nature and the clarifying influence of
science combined. The evil is the savage raw force of the brute,
unleashed sexuality and bloodthirst deliberately divorced from the
rational and legal imperatives of society. The suggestion is also that
science can explain the situation and may in time even be able to resolve
it ... though, of course, it must be used in a way that does not violate the
bounds of proper behavior.

Gothic Conventions

Certain literary conventions apply in the pure Gothic form and are
carried over into the later Victorian forms of horror story. The Story-
teller can use these to provide background and depth to an ongoing
chronicle or to fill in the gaps when she requires a stock NPC at short
notice. Some of the most common are as follows.

¢ Natural Law. Nature is meant to behave in certain ways, which
can be codified, understood, measured, comprehended and used. They
fit neatly with the strictures of society, they obey the laws of God and
man, and they provide a happy and safe framework for human beings.
Bowdlerized versions are available for further study in suitable religious
texts or in modern scientific discussions of farming and industrial
methods. Nature was made for man, not man for nature.

When this goes wrong, all hell is loosed on the world. If characters
can't depend on nature to behave properly, what can they depend on?
All rational expectations are suddenly undercut and undependable.
Anything could happen. This is fear. The things which are happening
are wrong. This is horror.

What is a vampire's place in nature? Everyone, from parlor spiritu-
alists to genuine occultists to vampires themselves, has a theory about
what a vampire is — whether he actually believes in them or merely
regards them as a psychological construct intended to denote sexual
predators and fear of menstruation. Theories vary from twisted religious
interpretations — vampires as angels of wrath, demons sent to punish
the sinful — to secular and even scientific ones, where the story of
Adam's sons is merely an allegory for nomadic and pastoral tribes, and
vampirism is a semimythical explanation for a disease originating in the
latter.

It is hard indeed to find a theory in which the Kindred are not an
offense against nature and thus antithetical to everything which the


Victorian world stands for. How does it feel for a charac-
ter to be fundamentally abhorrent of his own body — not
because he must feed on blood, or commit murders, or
cannot bear the touch of the sun, but because he knows
in the depths of his soul that a creature such as himself is
an offense against the natural order?

© Crimes of The Previous Generation. The sins of
the characters' ancestors will inevitably come back to
haunt them. Children are responsible for what their
parents did and must make amends or suffer. A family
line is a heavy weight on a hero's shoulders, and he must
struggle to be worthy of its honor and endure its shame.

This has obvious significance for vampires. Even
among the Sabbat, a character may be held responsible
for her sire or clan's deeds or nature, and far more so with
the Camarilla. Nobody can escape the horrors of the
past: not the Nosferatu with their whispered stories of
Nictuku, not the Sabbat with their fear of the
Antediluvians, not the Caitiff with their heritage of
metaphorical bastardry, not the Salubri with their
diablerized founder, no vampires ever.

© Foreshadowing. In a good Gothic story, and in
most Victorian horror, the dreadful future is foreshad-
owed for those who have the eyes to see and the wit to
understand. Signs and portents indicate what lurks on
the horizon, and the superstitious see omens everywhere.
Stone statues of ancestors fall and shatter to presage a
family's doom, storm clouds gather in the sky as a char-
acter discovers the crimes of his true love, and grandfather
clocks come to a stop just before disaster strikes.

Kindred may or may not choose to see omens in the
world around them, but those who practice Auspex or
Thaumaturgy should not be surprised if the future marks
the present with shadows of what is to come. Malkavians
will have their own opinions, depending on their par-
ticular lunacy. Practitioners of esoteric arts may see
vampires as omens in themselves, harbingers of death
and chaos in the mortal world.

¢ Innocence, Virtue and Peril. The innocent is a
rare thing, a miracle in the world, an icon of beauty and
youth, guiltless and righteous, an emblem of purity in a
dark Victorian setting. To be innocent in Gothic horror
is to be virtuous and honest. Innocent children do no
wrong, innocent maidens act for the best, and innocent
youths live and breathe honor and courage. But inno-
cence is a fragile flower and a constant temptation and
challenge to Gothic villains. They seek to claim the
innocent as their own property or to pervert it into
something easier to manipulate. They offer their victim
tiches, beauty, power or even simply surcease from tor-
ment and fear, in exchange for her innocence. If the
innocent agrees and surrenders her purity of soul and

body, scarcely even conscious of what she is giving up till
it is done, then she is lost forever. Stained innocence
cannot be restored.

Some vampires are drawn to innocence, whether to
preserve it from their own fate or to corrupt it into their
own image. Others see it as a deliberate insult to their
own inward and outward monstrosity. Innocence is sim-
ply incompatible with vampirism, and the Curse of
Caine marks even the most spotless white rose with
blood that can never be washed away. It is the nature of
vampires to destroy innocence whenever they brush
against it, however pure their motives, and however dark
and horrific the resulting tragedy.

* Helplessness. In some Victorian horror, the es-
sence of terror is knowing that one is unable to affect
events. The hero and heroine can do nothing to stop
what is going to occur. The family curse will inexorably
come down on the heads of innocents, the dark machin-
eries of progress will grind the hopes of the poor but
worthy to dust, and the corrupt aristocracy will laugh and
spurn the hapless soiled dove. Brave investigators of
mystery, even with the power and clarity of science
behind them, will be forced to admit defeat when faced
with the overmastering power of nature — or of the
unnatural. This is actually an older theme which is
slowly replaced in some parts of Victorian horror by the
conceit that science can and will provide understanding
and eventual mastery of the supernatural. In the mean-
time, however, heroes are frequently helpless against the
coming darkness, and they know it.

Even vampires, with all their disciplines and strength
and age, can be helpless against greater powers. These
may be elder vampires who are too strong or too well
connected for the characters to fight, Lupines attacking
from the dark wilds, magi who command strange forces
or even mortal hunters such as the Inquisition. Some-
times a vampire cannot resist the forces gathered against
him or protect the things which are important to him. Of
course, an important element in this is the knowledge of
what the peril is— or, at least, that peril exists — and of
one's own incapability when faced with it. Knowledge
isn't always useful, ifall it can tell you is that you are going
to perish in agony ....

© The Forbidden. There are certain things which
man was not meant to know, places he was not meant to
go, and powers he was not meant to wield — not so much
in the Lovecraftian style, where the abominable horrors
from beyond drive men to insanity by their sheer exist-
ence, but in the sense that Heaven justly punishes those
who meddle with matters forbidden by natural law. Only
the evil, the perverse and the foolish pry into such areas
and continue to pry after the magnitude of their error

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


Incomplete Statements

The ellipses that end many of these explanations, leaving sentences trailing off unresolved, themselves
reflect a Victorian convention and an important element of the psychology of horror. Past what can (or
must) be said-are the things which need not, ought not or cannot be spoken or written. Some knowledge
given to Gothic heroes does notallow itself to take expression, and for a society which believes in (or at least
hopes for) the power of reason this is itself a terrible thing.

becomes apparent. Make no mistake, at some point in
the story the character always realizes that he is tamper-
ing with things that should be left alone and has the
opportunity to turn back. Jekyll could reject Hyde,
Moreau could abandon his scheme, and Jonathan Harker
could turn back from the coach that would take him to
Castle Dracula. If they don't ... well, then they have no
room to complain when the inevitable doom finds them.
Later Victorian horror modifies this element to some
extent, in stories where science and rational thought
offer potential solutions to most inexplicable horrors.
Even so, certain areas no proper Victorian gentleman
would think of exploring, whether social, physical or
spiritual.

Vampires have already gone where no sane and
upright Victorian would go, simply by virtue of being
vampires. Some characters may blame themselves for
their current nature as undead. Did they seek out their
sires in some foolish desire for occult knowledge, or out
of pride in their ability as investigators, or in a search for
vengeance for some loved one? They can now carry the
horror of knowing that they deliberately courted their
fate by prying into matters which they should have left
alone. Do they wish to try to endure their new existence
in comparative sanity? Then they had better leave the
darker recesses of nature well alone. Even many of the
Sabbat Paths acknowledge that some subjects — such as
the Infernal — should be left untouched. What happens
when the Tzimisce seeks knowledge hidden in the depths
of the human nervous system, or the Tremere needs
occult grimoires which deal with unspeakable matters?
What of the Malkavian and Toreador who twist human
minds for some ideal of beauty better left untouched, or
the Ventrue and Lasombra forcing the kine into patterns
of behavior better left unexamined while trying to find
the perfect society? Is the coterie prepared to dare the
forbidden, and will they pay the price?

* Religion, Salvation and Crutch. In the Victorian
Gothic, the new rational, scientific citizen believes in a
rational but essentially passive God. A proper, civilized
person is a good Christian and adheres to the regular
structures of the church, especially where it supports the
social order. Only a hysterical or psychotic individual

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION
5%

gets overly involved in religion, however. Only foreign-
ers (who go around crossing themselves all the time ina
most un-English fashion and are probably Catholics
anyhow) would attend church on days other than Sun-
day or make a public display of themselves. Equally, a
gentleman can be an atheist or have other strange
beliefs, such as spiritualism or paganism, but t a whiff of
the improper still attaches to this sort of nonconformist
attitude. Those who are overenthusiastic about religion
or who have strange — that is, non-Church of England
— beliefs are usually among the villains in a Gothic
novel, orat least tend to obstruct the heroes in their good
works. Even those who have a normal and proper level of
belief must deal with the fact that the church is a shelter
for ritual, lack of rationality and old-fashioned taboos. It
is a necessary backdrop and upholder to civilized society
and a shelter for those who need it, but inescapably
linked to the dark ages of unreason.

The corrupt who hide behind the shelter of the
church (especially the Catholic church) are yet another
example of the church's flaws and inconsistencies. The
light of reason and science should expose such sinners
and bring them to punishment. The fact that criminals
can conceal themselves in the upper recesses of the
church — perverse bishops, sorcerous abbesses, black-
mailing clerics, monks practicing necromancy — only
serves to indicate the need for Victorian rationalism and
propriety.

Of course, Cainites may well be some of the corrupt
individuals hiding in lofty positions in the church, avoid-
ing those individuals with True Faith and helping create
this archetype of Victorian Gothic. Alternatively, they
may be embraced from among the Victorian populace
and share the general attitude that church is a part of
normal civil life, somewhere to go to on Sunday and
politely forget about otherwise. In such a case, they will
probably discard it with the rest of their mortal lives.
(Some vampires who maintain mortal identities may
even choose to attend a bland, faithless Evensong on
Sunday evenings, assuming that the church in question
lacks any aura of True Faith.) Maybe the Malkavian was
selected from a group of enthusiastic Catholic nuns led
astray by a dark abbess in the hidden vaults of aconvent?


Perhaps the Tremere was a fervent atheist who attracted
his sire by his rational rejection of religious dogma and
his search for deeper truths?

Drotagonists and Antagonists

In a Gothic story, as in many other forms of fiction,
the plot consists of forces in conflict moving to a final
resolution. These forces are usually embodied by charac-
ters, of whom the most important are the protagonist(s)
and antagonist(s). While the term "protagonist" is often
understood as referring simply to the main character, the
Storyteller may find it useful to think of the protagonist
as someone who is fighting for something, while the
antagonist is fighting against it. The antagonist is the
opponent of the protagonist and is usually a person but
can also be a nonhuman force or even an aspect of the
protagonist — for example, her tendency toward evil and
self-destruction. Usually the reader sympathizes with the
protagonist. Feelings toward the antagonist may include
admiration for his good qualities, regret for what he
wastes or hatred for his evil actions, but rarely sympathy.

Ina chronicle, of course, the players' characters are
the protagonists. The antagonists may be other vam-
pires, an entire vampiric sect, other supernatural entities

or their own repressed emotions and desires. Protagonists
are not required to sympathize with their antagonists.
Respect for the antagonist's abilities is good, and fear of
its strength is even better. Horror at the antagonist's
nature is best of all, whether the antagonist is external or
internal.

It's easy to take this for granted and then lose track
of the point. The characters really are the protagonists of
the chronicle, or should be. Even if the story includes a
lot about characters the Storyteller portrays, the focus
should be on the events and people as the characters
experience them. If the story doesn't allow room for the
characters to do more than watch as all the interesting
things happen to or are done by others, then something
is wrong with it as a game. If the story gives particular
weight to the characters' reactions to outside events,
make the reactions interesting and above all significant.
What the characters think and do should always matter
in the chronicle.

The Gothic can address the hidden ideas and emo-
tions within individuals and find an outlet for them. By
personalizing them as a living antagonist or by making
them evident as the protagonist's own feelings, the
Storyteller permits the player to understand these hid-

Va

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


Grand Guignol

The Theatre of the Grand Guignol was one of several offshoots from the Naturalist movement in Parisian
theater that began in the late 1880s. It developed from short plays at the Theatre Libre about the mess and squalor
of lowlife among Paris' underelasses into what could be classed as "sordid realism," with dark, anticlerical mystery
fables and grisly social documentaries of modern Paris. Thievery, prostitution, alcoholism, sexual dependence and
humiliation, jealousy, brutality, incest, child abuse and vengeance were all common themes.

In the spring of 1897, the Theatre of the Grand Guignol opened at 20 rue Chaptal. The building had been
erected as a convent and chapel in 1786 and since served as a blacksmith's workshop, a Dominican priest's
pulpit for attacks on extramarital sex and an artist's studio, and still had its old wooden angels and pseudo-
Gothic architecture. The theater itself was named after "Guignol," the popular Punch and Judy puppet
character. It was to be a "Grand" (large) "Guignol" (puppet) show, since the intended audiences were to be
adults, and the mad behavior and violence in a normal children's puppet show would be magnified for the
pleasure of their parents. Its performances alternated short comedies and farces with realistic and grotesque
horror plays. A typical bill would consist of a slapstick curtain raiser, a light drama, a comedy, the horror play
and a farce.

In 1898, Grand Guignol (under Max Maurey's management) became "pure theater," a place where every
social taboo of good taste was cracked and shattered. It was constructed to lure the French public that slaked
its bloodlust and fascination with the morbid by devouring unlikely tabloid articles, freak shows and wax
museums featuring chambers of horrors and sensational crimes. Spectators watched live realistic and gory
enactments of mutilation, rape, torture and murder. The average evening's bill became two light comedies
(or farces) and two horror plays. Horror was immediately and physically shocking, even sickening. Suspense
replaced social and cultural sophistication.

Many of the Grand Guignol's best and most gruesome effects came from stage trickery. The managers spent
whole days just orchestrating the sound design and lighting effects of a production. Scenic atmosphere was as
importantasacting and plot. The single most celebrated secretinvolved patented blood recipes. A dark, sticky stage
blood signified old wounds, while a lighter, dripping fluid denoted new ones. The standard blood formula was a
mixture of carmine and glycerin, combined and heated daily ina cauldron, which flowed like blood but which also
coagulated after a few minutes to form scabs or scars. Daggers with retractable blades spurted blood, dying victims
revealed throat and facial wounds by tracing blood-soaked fingers over the imagined area, lunatics chewed on soap
and blood capsules. Animal eyeballs were purchased from taxidermists, not only for visual realism (when a
character's eyes were gouged out) but also for the organs' ability to bounce when they hit the stage floor.

The horror plays were quite short, generally only one or two acts, and centered on a particular theme,
possibly with subthemes. They were often plagiarized from other sources, ranging from famous short stories
or novels (such as Poe's "The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether") to "true crimes" reported in the
newspapers. Themes included helplessness, infanticide, insanity, mutilation, mysterious death, suffering of
the innocent, suicide, surgery and vengeance.

The Theatre of the Grand Guignol presents a splendid location for scenes of chronicles or even a possible
base for an entire chronicle. While it occurs slightly after the defined period of the game, Storytellers may
wish to create unknown predecessors to this theater or simply move it back by a decade or two, Characters
might even become involved in its creation and help to make it what it is! Aesthetes may wish to explore
naturalist theater by directing plays there or be among the regular attendees. Secretive Cainites might lurk
in the shadows and cellars. Many Cainites may find it an excellent hunting ground or adopt regular actors
as part of their herd. As for the constantly heated cauldron of stage blood, well ....

Grand Guignol is also relevant as a type of horror. Here naturalist horror is presented in gory, stomach-
turning detail, with tragic endings for everyone and with innocents being brutally murdered as well as villains
facing appalling ends. It is also worth noting the alternation between horror and farce, thus deepening the
moods of both. Storytellers can flip between moments of light farce and sickening horror. For example, the
session could alternate between the attacks of a clumsy group of incompetent vampire-hunters attempting
to prove that vampires exist and the investigation of a Tzimisce and his personal group of fleshcrafted child
assassins. The swinging of the pendulum of mood provides additional weight for both humor and horror.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION


den concepts better. The strong imagery of horror and
abuse in Gothic novels provides a perspective on truths
through realistic fear rather than through mystical rev-
elation. The antagonist is ultimately what the protagonist
could become if he gave way to his secret desires and
private wishes. The antagonist lurks in all the characters,
unacknowledged and feared. A Brujah's frenetic ram-
pages of destruction, a Toreador's impulse to destroy
what is beautiful so that nobody else can have it, a
Tremere's desire for the secrets of demonology which can
be his in return for a tiny down payment of a soul, a
Ventrue's secret urge to betray his liege, a Salubri's
hunger for pain ....

This dark side to the personality is horrible in Gothic
stories not only because of what it is but also because of
how it enslaves a person. No matter what sect a vampire
belongs to or how he defines his allegiances, he must at
some point confront his twisted inner face and either
master it or perish in the attempt. Whatever it is he least
wants to be, that's waiting there for him.

Structure: From Beginning to End

Each horror story has a graduation of menace, both
apparent and genuine. A Victorian ghost story tends to
begin with the protagonist entering a situation which
appears to be normal save for a single and minor particu-

lar, such as his child claiming to hear a voice calling at
night or a governess seeing the figure of a strange man in
the middle distance. A story about an artifact will start
with a character, or an acquaintance of the characters,
coming into possession of the artifact and a first example
of its powers. Simultaneously, in the background should
be evidence of its malign effects (such as a newspaper
article about murders or deaths), but this should not yet
be connected to the item.

A chronicle involving an evil place commences
either with the characters arriving there ignorantly and
somehow awakening its malignancy or being sent there
deliberately. Jonathan Harker on his way to Castle
Dracula is aware that he is going to an unnatural place,
though even then he does not realize the true horror that
the future will bring. A plotline that pivots on an evil
cult or doctrine of some sort may begin with a conscious
awareness that something is wrong with the organization
and a choice to investigate it, or an innocent involve-
ment with a member of the group that somehow betrays
an unnatural doctrine or inexplicable event.

As the chronicle progresses, several unnatural cir-
cumstances become apparent. While each of them might
be separately explained as due to natural causes, when
put together they provide clear indications that some-
thing is badly wrong.

It is at this point that the full history of the place, the
events before the characters' arrival, the item's back-
ground or the members of the hidden group become
available for the first time. Some investigation is usually
necessary, though local elders may drop cryptic hints,
books in the library of the manor house may conve-
niently be found open at suitable places, or witnesses and
previous victims may provide vital testimony. Once the
characters have some idea about what they are dealing
with, they should make a first attempt to resolve the
problem — and, by all canons of Victorian horror, they
should fail.

This failure is not necessarily due to any fault of
theirs in preparation or commission. It is usually because
they were missing some vital fact about the ghost or the
history of the place, or were unwilling to take some
crucial step or make a particular sacrifice. Another
manifestation of the ghost, or action by the cult, or
malignant effect from the item, will occur at this point,
both to emphasize its unnatural nature and to raise the
level of danger. Something or someone important to the
characters should be directly endangered by this.

At the climax of the story, the characters finally
confront the problem one last time. This may involve
giving a ghost what it wants and persuading it to leave,
or forcibly expelling it from the place. It may require
disposing of the item for once and for all, having some-
one formally claim it as their own or returning it to its
previous owners. It may be necessary to slay the masters
of the evil place, enact a cleansing ritual or assert author-
ity as the new rulers and claim direction and ownership.
For a cult, it might involve slaying or imprisoning the
prime organizer, destroying their holy place or talisman
or breaking their connection with the malign force
which empowers them. Finally — if things have gone
badly wrong — the climax may involve discarding the
object or fleeing the place and vowing never to return.

Asacoda to the storyline, characters should be able
to look back at the results of their actions. This can be
done from a position of safety, such as from a communal
haven, a gentlemen's smoking room, a polite restaurant
or the serene quiet of a pleasant graveyard. It should be
possible to review events, make a reasonable identifica-
tion of the source of the problem and observe that it has
clearly been resolved. (If matters went wrong, it should
be clear that the problem was not resolved and still
persists.) Victims will have recovered or be clearly on the
road to recovery. The new owner of a cursed item or place
will have obviously begun to suffer from its effects. Virtue
will have been rewarded, and vice will have been pun-
ished. For Storytellers wishing to drop hints in that
direction, this is a good moment to make a single brief

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


reference to the possibility of a future haunting, threat or
recurrence of a cursed item, but this will be a single false
note in a generally self-congratulatory moment.

Tales of Artifacts

Mystical artifacts often provide plot lynchpins in
Victorian horror stories. They range from artifacts with
power in their own right to items which have supernatu-
ral guardians due to their real or symbolic value but no
inherent power. Plenty of items have no actual power or
supernatural associations but are widely believed to bring
fortune or misfortune, or have other strange powers. Any
of these provide useful motivations for plot, complica-
tions to plot or red herrings and distractions for hapless
Kindred.

When creating a mystical artifact for a chronicle,
the Storyteller may wish to take some or all of the
following questions into account. If she can provide both
a public and secret history for the item, the characters
can investigate its provenance and slowly discover the
horrific truth about its origins and nature. If people are
hunting for it, they make suitable allies or enemies for the
characters. Ifa is curse attached, the characters must find
some way of evading its malign grasp.

Artifact Creation Guidelines

¢ What is the nature of the artifact?

© What long-term effects does it have on its
owner and environment?

* Who originally created it, or what circum-
stances caused it to come into existence?

© What do most people know about it?

© What do educated occultists know about it?

* Who currently seeks it in order to use its
special powers?

© Who currently seeks it in order to destroy it?

© Can it be destroyed, and if so, how?

© What would the church's reaction be if they
heard about it?

An item of real mystical significance has a genuine
feeling of the occult and uncanny to it. While the crassly
materialistic or the determinedly scientific might be
able to ignore this and describe more sensitive people's
reactions as "a load of twaddle," most people will notice
something. Innocent young men and women instinc-
tively recoil from it or at least avoid touching it with
their bare hands, driven by some impulse which they can
barely articulate even to themselves. Little children run

away and hide behind their parents, only able to mutter
about the "bad thing" if asked. (Alternatively, for the
Storyteller who likes to involve themes of innocence and
helplessness, the little children play with the malignant
item, smiling in ignorance as they call the curse down on
themselves.)

Elderly men of God feel the cursed aura around the
item and pray for guidance, refuse to allow the artifact
anywhere near their churches or feel themselves obliged
to take appropriate action — which could be dangerous
for nearby Kindred. Scientists doubtless wish to apply
modern rational thinking to the situation, attempt to
scan the item with distilled essence of radium or some
similar solution. (Actually, scientists may be helpful
when dealing with a cursed item; though their logical
manner of thought may be a hindrance when attempting
to convince them of its dubious nature, they can be a
great deal of use in establishing the item's provenance
and history or in tracking previous users.) Officials or
representatives of the law seek to store it at the local
police station or in a bank vault while attempting to
locate its legal owner. Poor fools. Little do they realize
the doom that they have brought on themselves merely
by touching the accursed thing, nor can they compre-
hend that no purely mortal locks and bars can halt the
occult forces that swirl around it.

Dossessors and Reactions

Tales of artifacts can end up with most of the
characters yearning and dissatisfied. If the item in ques-
tion remains in the game, then only one character can
ultimately own it, and the other characters may resent
this added boost to his powers — and the potential for
roleplay and interaction from owning such a cursed item.
As coteries can be together for a long time, these resent-
ments may fester and grow over the centuries. While this
in itself is not necessarily disruptive to the game, bitter-
ness of this sort between the players can destroy achronicle
and leave permanent bad feelings behind it. The Story-
teller should ideally use the character interaction to add
potential roleplay threads while simultaneously making
sure that the players are comfortable with the situation.

Whether the enchantment on the item is useful or
dangerous, or even if it is useful but carries a dangerous
price, as is common in Victorian horror, the characters
are likely to disagree over what to do with it, how
important it is and whose fault the whole mess was in the
first place. These aspects can all provide enjoyable
roleplay, especially the last — which is common in most
Vampire games, in any case.

Old arguments may worsen as the characters dis-
agree over their new problem. In turn, this sometimes


leads to the resolution of old wounds which have been
left too long unhealed. When characters are finally
forced to confront each other over issues that have been
left unsettled, the result may sometimes be beneficial.
The two most arrogant members of the coterie may
finally resolve a long-running argument, or the followers
of separate Paths in the pack may ultimately agree to
disagree on questions of leadership. Old friendships may
also be strengthened and unrecognized ties finally ac-
knowledged as the group is forced to work together to
save one of their own from corruption or destruction.
("It's taken me two hundred years, di Astolat, but I'm
finally forced to admit that you might not have been
totally in error ....") Characters may exhibit virtues that
they never realized they possessed and demonstrate sur-
prising selflessness — or selfishness — when confronted
with the temptation of power or the peril of an old ally.

If the item is clearly dangerous, then it must be
disposed of. Coteries should eventually remember that a
weakness in one of them poses an eventual threat to all
of them. Camarilla vampires may owe each other
prestation debts, which could be paid by ridding their
friends of mysterious cursed Masquerade-breaking arti-
facts. They may even feel compelled by simple Humanity
to protect the kine from items which cause epidemics or
mass murders. Sabbat packs are bound by the Vaulderie

each other. Sabbat should also remember that
the Sword of Caine took up its mission in an ultimate
quest for freedom and that no Cainite who is enslaved to
some cursed item can ever be truly free.

If the item apparently conveys significant advan-
tages to its possessor — or at least apparently conveys
advantages which outweigh such prices as regular mur-
ders or demonic hauntings —the rest of the coterie may
need to learn to coexist with it. This requires the players
accepting that one of them owns an artifact which gives
him a significant advantage over the others.

The Storyteller may need to help resolve the situa-
tion if resentment begins to fester between the players or
if intercharacter dissent starts to tear the coterie and the
chronicle apart. He may wish to talk to the players
separately and determine whether their annoyance stems
froma lack of power on their characters' parts, ora feeling
that the owner of the artifact is abusing her power or
gloating over an assumed superiority. If the former, he
can adjust the chronicle so that they are allowed to
demonstrate their characters' particular strengths or
allow them opportunities for advancement in their cho-
sen areas. If the latter, it may be time for a talk with the
artifact's owner. She may not realize how annoyed the
other players are and may be willing to tone down her use
of the artifact or be happy to explore the negative

consequences of using it. (They always have negative
consequences.)

If all else fails, the Storyteller may need to remove
the item from the campaign. Where possible, this should
be tied to the chronicle that already exists, so that the
artifact's entry and exit both seem a logical part of the
narrative, implying that the item's owner was only fated
to hold it for a short period of time in any case. One way
of doing this is for a NPC (an elder, a thief or even a
foolish witch-hunter) to steal or requisition the artifact
and then to meet a grisly fate from the associated curse.
The player of the item's owner may feel comforted if she
is given the chance to develop herself in some other way
— a prestation debt, an opportunity to make new allies
or establish a new haven, perhaps a new skill or Lore.

Alternatively, the other characters may plot to re-
move the artifact from the owner without her consent.
This is the situation most likely to breed interplayer
conflict, as the player whose vampire owns the artifact
will doubtless be averse to having her character weak-
ened. Insuchacase, the Storyteller should emphasize the
intercharacter roleplay and disagreement, while helping
the players work together to create a chronicle that they
can all enjoy.

All artifacts should come with a significant price,
often one that makes ownership, in the end, not worth it.
(This is entirely in keeping with Victorian horror.)
Extract every last ounce of possible drama from the
situation, thus providing some solace for the character
who is losing her chance at the powerful artifact. As the
main figure in the drama, she can enjoy amoment in the
spotlight as the heroic (or antiheroic) protagonist facing
temptation, power and loss. Ultimately, the Storyteller
must try to persuade the players to take a mature point of
view (however immature their characters may be) and to
create the chronicle together in a way that will give
everyone opportunities for roleplay.

Example Artifacts

Bloodspot Dice

While passing through Paris, | obtained a most
CURIOUS plece FROM one of The saall shops on the Lepr
Bank, which I trust will make an aausing tale yor my
nephews, though I pear that the subject matter 1s perhaps
a Touch isgue For Theix sister. I ts, To be short, a pair
of dice, which at first sight appear to be of the normal
Ivory and set with ebony, but which (or so I was assured
by the shopkeeper) would, upon scientific analysis, prove
To be made o¢ human bone!

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


Forgive me, my dear brother, for this somewhat
Gruesome exposition. The araxchand — an elderly man
bowed with the weight of bis years, his white har
straggling and Lank around his bony race — whispered the
story of these dice as though he peared To be overheard.
They were, or so he claimed, made FRom the bones of one
of Germany's Greatest aurderers, a vicious and brutal
specimen who clarmed at Least a hundred lives. The man
was hanged, of course, but apparently he had stred a son
who was a degenerate gambler, and who had little
arrection for his rather. Driven To extreanty by reason
og his manent pauperhood, this son visited his rather's
rave by mht, and he cut out certain bones prom the
corpse's spine. These were polished and pressed To create
the dice which now repose in a sal velvet-Lined box on the
desk keside me.

Of course (ror so such stories always Go) this most
unpilial oggspring o10 not prot ¢row The use o¢ such iLl-
aspected dice. Indeed, ox so the waxchand would have 17,
he lung hasely into the sea at Monte Carlo ater a
particularly fortunate bout of Gambling. It was not
clear why he should d0 so, though Later Gossip suggested
that he peared being round guilty of a set of Local murders
—which, 17 aust be adantted, ceased on his suicide. While
deploring such Continental superstitions, | TRust that
this story, surtably expurgated of the coarser details,
may provide amusement for my nephews! I shall enclose
the dice together with this Letter upon the next post, and
Trust That the paxcel shall ind you well ....

These dice are, unsurprisingly, cursed. They bring
incredible luck to the possessor at first, as every roll he
makes while wagering on them will win, however great
the odds. Each time he makes such a winning roll, one of
the spots on the dice will tint dark red, the color of dried
blood, barely distinguishable from the black of the other
spots. Once all 42 (21 on each die) spots are tinged red,
the dice will stop automatically winning.

Of course, the gambler could stop at that point and
use a different pair of dice. His luck on other dice will be
just as good — or bad —as ever. Many owners of the dice
would prefer to maintain the luck that they have previ-
ously enjoyed, however. The answer is simple. It comes
to each owner in half-remembered dreams, drowsy and
soaked in scarlet showers sufficient to raise a Cainite's
hunger. All that he has to do is to slit someone's throat
and bathe the dice in the fresh-running blood. Then the
dice will be lucky again. The spots will return to black,
and the dice will once again function as they should.

Just one life, in return for a pair of dice that will
certainly win any game in which the owner plays. It's an
excellent bargain for a desperate gambler. Until, of

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

course, the spots are all tinged red again, and the dice
start to lose again ... and when it comes to it, after the

first death, is a second murder really that much worse?

The Malady Den

Mamna says that | must write fo say
thank you for the pretty doff which you senf
me, Cousin Andrew. | hope that you are very
weff and that you are enjoying yourseff at
sehoof. My ofder Brother Peter is reading {Bis
over my shoufder aftBoagh Nanny says {hat if
is rade to do so but fe says that "it is affowed
s that

for. Bei@rothars ‘to do xo; andi: Pe, <0)
BaP and

nobody ever enjoys themsefves af s
that nor wiff LI wiff be nice to fina because
fe is stiff apse about fis friend Matthew.

lam using this pen which fe gave me and
so | do not mind fin saying rade things fife
that. Peter got if for bimeseff, and | anz nol sare
bat | fBink that he got if fron ofd Mr. Busenby
who used to five down in the viffage but who
died from something which Nanny wiff not teff
me but which made then Bary hin oat'side the
churchyard. Peter ased to go to Mr. Busenfy's
house fo read fo fino Because Mr. Basenby fad
Bad eyes and did not go out in the sanfight. |
fBink that this is the pen Mr. Basenby used to
write fo aff of his friends with, and if is a proper
grown up fountain pen which I am affowed fo
write with as fong as | am carefaf with the
wkweff and fake care not to spiff.

Peter fas been very sad fatefy because his
friend Matthew whe fe wrote fo so offen fas
died of the chofera. This is very sad because
Mamma fad it too. Bat at feast Mamma is
better, and the doctor was teffing Father when
fe thought we coafd not fear fine that if was
a miracfe. | do not Rnow why they are so
surprised Because they afways feff us that
miracfes wiff happen if we pray, and Peter was
praying aff the time when he was nol writing
to Matthew.

Peter and | Both fave the measfes now. If
is very annoying because we are nol affowed fo
go down to the viffage to pfay with the offer
chifdren, and Peter was nol abfe fo go back to
Bis schoof at the Beginning of tern. Peter does
not mind bat Father is very annoyed. This fetter
wiff fave fo be pat in fhe oven before if is sent
to you. Pfease write back and teff me what you
are domg as if is very boring here.


This pen appears to be anormal fountain pen of high
quality, steel-nibbed, its body made from ebony and
capped with gold. It behaves quite normally under most
circumstances. If its current owner writes a letter to
someone whom he loves or strongly cares about (a family
member or close friend will suffice) and describes an
acquaintance's current illness, the acquaintance will
recover miraculously. The same illness, to the same
degree, will affect the target on reception of the letter.
This applies however well the letter may be fumigated or
heated, as this isa metaphysical contagion, nota physical
one. The disease need not necessarily be fatal — a
common cold or a case of the measles would be trans-
ferred just as readily as cholera, diphtheria, consumption
or bubonic plague. If the recipient is much weaker than
the newly cured donor, the disease may prove lethal.
Alternatively, if the recipient is noticeably stronger, or if
top-notch medical care is available, both may survive.
The recipient may infect others as though he had caught
the disease normally.

The pen originally belonged to Mr. Busenby, an
elderly gentleman who had served as an army doctor. Mr.
Busenby's sole hobby was writing to his friends elsewhere
in Britain and describing his failing health. As his bitter-
ness at his own illnesses grew, his resentment at his
friends' continued health also rose, and more than once
he found himself wishing that he could send them his
diseases as easily as he sent his letters. In a final spasm of
fury one night, he took an overdose of laudanum and
used the pen to scribble his suicide note.

The fountain pen can easily be disposed of, if any-
body realizes that it is the cause of current problems in
the chronicle. It can be crushed, burned or broken
without inflicting any unpleasant effects on the owner.
If a character does realize its properties, however, he
might have qualms about disposing of so clearly and
eminently useful an object ....

The End of the Matter

After prolonged exposure to an object of magical
power, the most usual question for characters in a Victo-
rian horror story is, "How do we get rid of it?" Despite the
fabulous worth of the Moonstone in Wilkie Collins'
book of the same name, most of the main characters
would far rather have its monetary value in their banks
than the stone itself in their possession. The Green Eye
of the Little Yellow God was hunted by deadly assassins
less than 24 hours after it was stolen. In M. R. James' story
"A Warning to the Curious," the man who managed to
find the third magical crown which protected England
from invasion was desperate to return it, as he knew the
crown's dead guardian was on his tracks. Reasons for

ridding oneself of a magical or accursed object may range
from the object's curse — an urge to commit bloody
murder, fatal misfortune to those whom the owner loves,
a fatal leprosy — to a wish to free oneself from those
pursuing the item, who will stop at nothing less than
death to reclaim it.

Getting rid of an artifact often requires a sacrifice of
some sort. This may range from simply rejecting the
temptations which it offers (wealth, power, lust) to
actually cutting off a body part, joining the church,
enacting a full exorcism, destroying the item or worse.
The more powerful the item, the greater the sacrifice
needed to be rid of it, and the greater the dangers to
which the characters will be exposed in the process.

Perhaps the only way for a patrician vampire to rid
himself of the strange African war drum that his travel-
ing friend brought him from the Dark Continent is to
return it toa member of the tribe which originally owned
it. It's unlikely that any of them are currently in London.
A trip abroad may be required. Alternatively, perhaps
some of the tribe are in London, but they have come
explicitly to find and punish the transgressor of tribal
taboo and will require significant persuasion to accept
drum and apologies. Consider a thaumaturgist who has
acquired a cursed book of lore which is stealing his
emotions with every word of it that he reads and tran-
scribes, reducing him to an ambitious automaton lacking
in Humanity and rapidly dragging him down toward the
Beast. He can certainly free himself by burning the book,
but will he be able to bring himself to destroy such a
priceless source of knowledge? If the rest of his coterie
decide to "help" him by destroying the book without his
consent, the cure will work, but will he ever forgive
them?

On a darker note, an artistic vampire may find
herself encumbered with a portrait that summons forth a
demon who fulfills her darker desires, however blood-
thirsty and macabre these may be. Pleasant enough for
the owner when it is merely a matter of an annoying rival
falling down the stairs of his house and breaking an arm,
but rather more awkward — and a significant risk to the
Masquerade — if mortals in her way are torn to bloody
shreds in back alleys, or if the demon acts on a moment's
anger and assails her friends. How is she to rid herself of
an artifact this powerful and this evil? A full-scale exor-
cism might free her of it but would probably expose her
to significant amounts of True Faith, if it is powerful
enough. Burning the painting might inflict similar flames
on her own body. Simply selling it or giving it away will
not be sufficient to break the link between the demon
and herself. An appropriate solution might be to repaint
the canvas with her own blood, face the demon and duel

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


106

itto the death or give the painting toa friend who accepts
it with full knowledge of its nature. In any case, a sacrifice
is necessary.

An artifact in Victorian horror will only very rarely
require an evil deed to break the link between owner and
item. Victorian horror simply does not tend to work that
way. While it may be necessary to hand the item over to
the foul fiend who created it, a hero finds some way of
summoning the demon and protecting himself from the
creature with the help of lore, rational science or innate
goodness of heart, rather than from on top of a pile of
sacrificed babies. Kindred who attempt to free them-
selves by means of evil actions or the callous sacrifice of
others may succeed in severing their connection with
the artifact, but they should certainly pay some other
price. Maybe the dark power who is behind the artifact's
creation takes notice of their actions and attempts to
ensnare or manipulate them in the future. Perhaps their
callous activities cause a loss of Humanity or draw the
attention of the authorities. Other supernatural crea-
tures may be intrigued by the scent of blood or by the odor
of living evil. A price will be paid — later.

Even once the item is gone, is it truly lost forever?
Breaking or burning the artifact probably puts it beyond
all hope of return, but trading it to someone else, locking
it away in an underground safe or throwing it into the
depths of the ocean merely means that it is gone for the
moment. Players should not be cheated of a sense of
accomplishment, but the Storyteller may feel justified in
having the artifact make its appearance again at some
later point. For the moment, the characters can be
reassured that the artifact's evil effects are at an end and
that they are as cleansed as Kindred can reasonably be.
The curse is lifted, the malignancy is past, and the
artifact is definitely gone for good. (Or for as long as the
seas retain their depth, a certain family line continues or
acertain bank safe remains closed .... A certain amount
of doubt helps season the ending of a horror story.)

Given that chronicles can stretch over centuries,
the "later" appearance of a previously featured artifact
can be much later. It can, in fact, be hundreds of years
later, after the original plot strand has been long forgot-
ten by the characters and is merely a dusty note in the
chronicle notes. The players (if not the characters) may
actually enjoy the opportunity to slap their foreheads as
they realize that their past has returned to haunt them.
They may enjoy explaining their past history and associ-
ated traumas to relevant NPCs or researching how the
artifact returned from wherever it was disposed of. Story-
tellers will need a good reason for the artifact to have
surfaced again — possibilities include an enemy of the
characters searching it out, the item's link having reac-

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION
: me

Pr We,
LE yb
tivated after thrice a hundred years or some manipulative
elder wanting to see how the characters will deal with it.
An artifact probably shouldn't make a third appear-
ance, however. Twice is quite enough, and characters
will probably take very extreme measures in disposing of

it the second time.

Tales of Ghosts

Ghosts walk through the haunted corridors of the
Victorian horror story. Sometimes they are clearly recog-
nizable ghosts, with skeletal faces, dust-choked mouths,
half-transparent bodies and burning eyes lambent with
an eternal hate and bitterness. At other times they can
be recognized only by the discerning or the observant,
visible as a retreating back round the end of a corridor, a
shadow at the top of a flight of stairs or a singing voice
overheard in the next bedroom. Occasionally a ghost
appears to be anormal, living human and will spend time
in conversation with the protagonist before the final,
ghastly realization and the climax of the story.

ANote to the Curious

This isnot a treatment of Wraith for Victo-
rian Age: Vampire but a discussion of ghosts as
they appear in Victorian horror. The Storyteller is
urged to go for flavor rather than precise mechan-
ics and to disregard previous concepts of ghosts in
the World of Darkness. The Guilds, Arcanoi and
Spectres of Wraith do not necessarily fit with the
themes and style of Victorian ghost stories. While
the Storyteller is free to pick and choose as he
wishes, this section provides game concepts and
plot ideas from the literature of the period and
does not necessarily correlate with the Under-
world, the Veil or any other such material.

Victorian ghosts generally come in one of two forms:
the recognizably human or posthuman (as well as post-
humous), and the clearly nonhuman. Clearly human
ghosts might even be mistaken for living human beings
under certain circumstances, such as poor lighting, a
temporary lack of supernatural effects or an urgent need
on the ghost's part to communicate with the living. It is
only afterward that onlookers notice the lack of tracks in
snow or in a dusty corridor, the locked door through
which their visitor surely must have passed or the ab-
sence of birdsong.

Sucha ghost usually retains a great deal of its original
nature and appears due to a need to settle some problem


from its previous life. This may be in order to protect a
dearly beloved family member, demand justice for a
horrendous crime or ensure that a will is discovered and
that descendants receive their just inheritance. If very
young children appear as ghosts, they may even be
unaware that they have died and play innocently in the
garden or the room that they used to love. (In suchacase,
Kindred valuing their Humanity should arrange for them
to be humanely exorcised by the elderly local priest or
confronted with their parents or nurses or grandparents,
who will bid them a tearful farewell and send them
onward.)

Other ghosts were human and living once but now
clearly show the ravages of death upon their corpselike
frames. Their eyes are filled with shadows which, on
closer inspection, prove to be cobwebs or sunken empty
sockets. Spiders crawl under the fabric of their clothing
and are left behind in the dust when they pass. Their
faces have sunken in like a skull, and the hands are cold
and bony. They leave odd stains on the upholstery of
chairs where they have sat, or drifts of dust accumulate in
their wake. Sometimes they are solid enough to attack
their targets, leaving the marks of skeletal fingers behind
on the throats of their prey. Sometimes they merely have
the power to terrify, though this in itself can be enough
to stop the heart of the fearful or the guilty.

Such clearly dead specters are roused from their
graves for important reasons, usually ones involving fear,
pain, loss and death. Has one's long-hoarded gold been
located viaa trail of clues which he left, together with the
demon who was assigned to guard it? The long-dead
hoarder wants to observe the results. Perhaps a nephew
is being hunted down by a cold-blooded relation intent
on inheriting the family estate. In that case, the would-
be inheritor had better not visit certain parts of the estate
by night, and certainly not alone. He might meet some-
one he did not expect to see.

It is also possible to awaken a ghost's interest by
closely mirroring an event or emotion from her previous
life. If her second to last act was to push her abusive
husband out of the window, followed by throwing herself
after him, then a ghost might be briefly called from her
grave by similar circumstances. If presented with an
abusive man, she might even repeat the action. ("I
seemed to feel a great force thrusting against me," the
Ventrue explained, "and forcing me out through the
window, and only by Caine's grace did I escape falling on
the spiked railings below ....") The shadowy ghost of an
elderly man might respond to children in peril, leading
them through the wood to safety, in memory of his own
grandchildren. Alternatively, the ghost of an ancient
sorcerer might lurk in the depths of the cellars where his

laboratory once stood and force those who enter the
place to reenact his own experiments with shattered
bottles and empty phials. When his victims are found
lying at the center of the cellar — and always in the same
place — their faces are twisted in expressions of unutter-
able horror, and the stains of sulfur and mercury mark
their fingers.

Nonhuman ghosts may once have been human but
are now no more than shreds of the people they once
were. The creature that remains is a distillation of pure
emotion, cloaked in appropriate symbolism or with a
body pulled together out of cobwebs and dust and dry
linen. He may attempt to follow the classic pattern of his
misdeeds during life in a desperate blind search for
purpose, or he may hunt for vengeance on those who
killed him, stole his property or trespass on what he
remembers as his home. The creature has no real intel-
ligence behind his actions, however; at best he has an
animal hunger or sense of direction, and at worst he
prowls according to some blind, insane logic sufficient to
drive any hiding observer to terrified hysterics. Nothing
human is left in him; he will not listen to the terrified
pleas of victims, however innocent they may be, and he
will pursue them for whatever transgression they have
committed. Perhaps his human prey drew the map of a
maze and by doing so plotted a chart which gave the
maze's creator the opportunity to hunt them down.
Possibly one of the characters saw something which
should not have been seen — some appalling rite of a
hidden society — and the specter of the long-dead
founder of the society seeks her blood and breath in
recompense. Maybe she got off at the wrong station from
the train and replied to the voice which called out to her,
and now has a follower who will not be gainsaid.

Alternatively, a nonhuman "ghost" may turn out to
be an abhorrent creature from outside the natural laws of
time and space, dubbed a "ghost" as the closest conve-
nient term, but in truth something far less human and
never remotely normal. This can include the spirits of
inhuman creatures, such as werewolves, bloody animal-
istic creatures which stalk their ancestral forests, driven
by the urge to hunt as they did while living. It can also
include half-formed ghostly concepts created by obses-
sive painters and small brown starving spirits which lurk
around the edges of sites of pagan worship.

The very presence of a ghost is a sign that something
is fundamentally wrong with the world, something as
opposed to the laws of nature as vampires themselves. In
Victorian horror, however, ghosts do not attack or in-
volve themselves in mortal affairs without some form of
provocation or trespass. This may be— and probably will
be — entirely innocent on the trespasser's part. It may be

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


something as simple as a vampire wandering through an
old church and exclaiming that he would like to meet the
previous Lord of the Manor, a notorious evil-liver and
malignant sorcerer. (He may get his wish, Heaven help
him.) It might involve a theft of the ghost's property,
wandering into the ghost's old sanctum sanctorum or
simply calling out to a dimly glimpsed figure in the
distance by the churchyard wall. Innocent as these
actions may be, the character involved is rarely totally
ignorant. The chalice he took has a strange clamminess
to it, the room in question is cold as the grave and stinks
of mould, and the watcher by the churchyard has a figure
strangely suggestive of shrouds and skeletons. Almost
always some warning comes — but since this is horror,
the warning is often ignored, and only remembered too
late.

Be Gone from This Place

Once the characters have a ghost on their hands,
what should they do about it? Unless they are insane,
thrill-seekers or dangerously ignorant, they will have
some sort of reason to pry into the ghost's affairs. This
reason, and the size of their need to have it gone, will

Haunted Landscapes

affect the degree to which the characters are willing to go
in attempting to rid themselves of the troublesome
specter.

The situation may or may not be resolvable. On at
least a few occasions the events which caused the ghost
are sunk deeply into the stones of the building, or the
bones of the land, and the spirit will be near-impossible
to cast out. In such cases, the ghosts are the nonhuman
or scarcely human sort, surviving only as blind murder-
ous vengeance or hateful guardians. They have long
since lost any human emotions or patterns of thought
and can no longer be communicated with. The only
plausible solution may be to destroy the location utterly,
dynamiting a house or digging up a glen where a murder
took place and building a church there instead. Such
major alterations to the landscape or to the building in
question may be unfeasible if the area belongs to some-
one else (such as a royal castle) or is too large or
important to affect. In such a case, the Kindred may
simply have to note the situation and deal with it, and
hope that in a few centuries the ghost's malice may have
decreased. Just as water wears away stone, so time may
erode the emotions which keep the specter tied to the
place.

Itiseven possible fora landscape ora city to be haunted: not by any defined ghosts, but by shadows of the past or echoes

of abnormality. The "fair folk," as they are called, can leave a ghastly impress behind them: though they have no ghosts,
having no souls, leave an echo of unnaturalness on the forests where they have trodden. No actual bodily specters appear,
but strange white figures follow the paths of the moon between the old standing stones, and small creatures who look like
children from a distance practice their craft with flint knives on those who walk abroad at midnight

A landscape can also be haunted by the ghosts of art. Insane painters, sculptors and poets people the world
around them with the unnatural products of their fertile imaginations, giving birth to something impossible
which still manages to exist and thrive in the normal world. Such imaginings are spectral and ghostly, visible
only to those who are sensitive to the spirit world or whose artistic imagination or insanity make them
vulnerable. They lead their-prey into a mystical world of symbolism and dreams. Immoral and debauched
characters, or those who indulge in absinthe and opium, are particularly vulnerable to such temptations.

In thatplace, if intruders choose (they must choose it) to follow the pathways more deeply into the chaos
and illogic of the ghostly dreams, they find that not only are they expected, they have always been expected.
The more deeply they journey, the more natural everything seems to be; surely the roofs of the houses always
peaked and curved like insane precipices, and hooded robed figures walked the streets in slow procession, and
strangers waited at dawn for the King Who Would Reign In Blood. Images from the Book of Nod take form
out of the mists for scholars of that text, while other characters find echoes from their own personal studies
or Paths being given physical form in the world around them.

Prophesied portents greet them, and they can observe their own hierarchies of sins and virtues practiced in the streets
of the twilight city. At the start of the haunting, or nightmare, the characters will have been traveling in the real city, but
as it continues, whether over the space of a night, a month or a year, they gradually come to walk more and more in the
haunted city of imaginary streets and impossible places. At some point, they finally have a choice between the ghostly
insanity of artand the rational truth of existence. Those who accept reality and law will be able to break free of the trappings
of unreality and the shadowy madness of art. Those who do not may be lost forever.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION


Ghost Statistics

Many ghosts do not require a full range of
statistics or skills. If the revenant specter of Lord
Callowshill seeks to crush the profaners of his
bedchamber with his bare hands and then throw
their mangled bodies from the window, only his
physical statistics are necessary. If the spirit of an
ancient witch constantly offers infernal tempta-
tions to those who enter her old stillroom, placing
poisons near their hands and making them burn
with lust and fury, then she is not the sort of ghost
to manifest physically in a way that can be as-
saulted with bare hands. If a child's ghost can be
heard crying in the old nursery every night in
winter, it would be drastically inappropriate to the
Victorian horror story for the child to be dealt
with via combat.

The ghost ina Victorian horror story serves as
catalyst and plot device for the protagonist's ac-
tions, rather than as a definite antagonist. While
this may equate to being the antagonist ina fight,
it is not necessarily the case. If the ghost's situa-
tion must be resolved through appeals to its
emotions, deciphering the past or presenting it
with reasons to leave, then detailed statistics may
well not be required. If the ghost is a mindless
shrieking emptiness which travels through the
local wood at sunset, forbidden rest because she
removed the boundary markers a hundred years
ago and cheated two children out of their prop-
erty, she doesn't need any statistics other than the
effect of her shrieks on unprotected characters.
The Storyteller should save himself effort and
simply note what is required for the ghost's re-
quired effect on the chronicle.

Most chronicles will involve the characters finding
some way to lay the ghost to rest. In a Victorian ghost
story, this usually involves either finding the ghost's
grievance and resolving it, or forcibly expelling the ghost
from the area.

Vampires may require all their Humanity in order to
understand a ghost's grievance and to find it in them-
selves to resolve it. A Sabbat Cainite with a high Path
rating may have difficulty understanding the emotions
which have caused the ghost's appearance in the first
place — or providing genuine empathy, if such a thing is
needed. In either case, Kindred bound by Victorian
morality may find it difficult to accept the truth behind
whatever raised the ghost. Can social decorum face the

nature of the wrong and the settlement which is re-
quired? Are more humane characters prepared to murder
or steal in order to satisfy a ghost's need for vengeance?
This shouldn't be a free ride for monsters or paragons.

Storytellers should design ghosts to force characters
to examine unwanted parts of themselves as well as
undesirable external factors. Given Victorian morality,
will vampires actually be able to understand the bitter-
ness and grief which drives the ghost of a sixpenny whore
to slit the throats of patrons? Will they be able to find
some words or expiation to comfort her and convince her
to stop her murders? If a Sabbat pack has been charged
with banishing a child's ghost so that their
Thaumaturgical superior can work in peace, will they be
able to sympathize with the fact that the boy ran away
from boarding school because he was bullied, or merely
view it as part of life? Can they convince him to "return
home" and go to his final rest?

Alternatively, the ghost may be driven from the
place by religious authority, scientific rationalism or
simply destroying everything in sight remotely con-
nected to the ghost and razing the area. The first option
requires a sincere priest with True Faith — probably
Church of England rather than Catholic, though it may
depend on what part of Europe the characters are in —
and a full ceremony of exorcism, bell, book, and candle
or similar extreme demonstration. (Note that the local
authorities never believe in ghosts and always view
requests to hold such ceremonies as a sign of eccentricity
on the characters' part, at best, and as a demonstration of
rampant insanity at worst.)

The second option is linked to the Victorian image
of science providing the answers to life's problems, and
even such matters as hauntings being merely an example
of natural laws not yet understood, rather than rampant
impossibilities. Eccentric scientists may be able to sug-
gest solutions such as electronic crucifixes, X-Rays,
controlled emissions from lately discovered elements
produced by slow distillation from pitchblende .... Of
course, these won't work. Still, the choice of such meth-
ods may fit well in chronicles where the characters are
involving themselves in the March of Progress and seek
forward-looking rational solutions rather than super-
natural mumbo-jumbo. (Any little additional problems,
such as incomprehensible sores and radiation poisoning,
the awkwardness of moving the scientist's equipment or
explaining it to the superstitious locals are opportunities
for roleplay!)

The scientist can be useful in applying scientific logic and
rational thought to mystical principles. Just as vampiric
thaumaturgists have recognized such things as the Law of
Similarity, so a trained scientific mind may be able to identify

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


overarching patterns of mystical energy or apply his trained
researcher's mind toinvestigating the background of the haunt-
ing. Even if the process of such investigation may have a
deleterious effect on his sanity and moral stability, his innate
logic and rationality can be of great benefit.

Finally, totally destroying everything remotely connected
with the ghost will usually banish it. This will probably result in
the ghost attempting to prevent the destruction, if it is at all
physically inclined. (A murderous specter may try to strangle
characters, while a desperate poltergeist may throw furniture
around, and a harmless weeping suicide will scream pitifully in
the background.) This is probably safe if done during daylight
hours ... safe from the haunting, that is, though not from the
perils day itself always presents for vampires. Burning any
physical remains, smashing relevant stonework and donating
ancient manuscripts to the church are all potentially good ideas
in this situation.

Ending the Haunting

Once a haunting is banished, the Storyteller will need
to make it clear to the characters that the place is now
cleansed of evil and unnatural influences. (Save for the
vampires themselves, but that's a different problem.) Birds
sing at dawn in a place which has been purged of the
unnatural, and the dawn willhave anew and lustrous gleam.
Normal animals, such as local dogs and cats and horses, no
longer object (as they once did) to crossing the threshold of
the property. Innocent children happily play on the grass
which they previously shunned. Nursing mothers no longer
feel the urge to suggest that their families move elsewhere.
The local priest no longer has a nervous tic or feels the need
to warn visitors that minions of Satan haunt the place. The
Kindred themselves may find themselves feeling more
comfortable as they walk abroad by night. Camarilla vam-
pires will observe the natural patterns of humanity resuming
their usual flow. Sabbat practitioners of the Path of Har-
mony or the Feral Heart may find comfort in seeing nature
restored to its proper balance around them, while followers
of other Paths will take pleasure in the renewed patterns of
familiar enemies, insults and challenges. Moonlight falls
like a benediction over the old graves in the churchyard, or
on the site of the haunting, and a gentle wind blows in the
forest like a whisper of peace.

Tales of Places Gone
Wrong

What makes a place fundamentally wrong? It may be
instantly obvious, or it may take a while for investigators
to discover. It may be a matter of openly practiced

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

injustice and anarchy — both equally abhorrent, surely,
tothe civilized soul — or something hidden and obscene,
observed behind closed doors and kept private within
the family. It may be the result of generations of dark
behavior, or it may be due to the imprint of a single
action that was so grotesque, so utterly and profoundly
evil, that the area is metaphysically scarred. A single
person's actions may have been enough to foul the
proverbial well, or an entire village may have contrib-
uted to the place's malignancy.

Will the characters feel a duty to lance the meta-
physical wound and cleanse the area, or will they exult in
the corruption of the place? It could be argued by those
who rate Humanity as unimportant, or who follow the
more inhuman Paths of the Sabbat, that such an area
should be left to fester or even exploited and used in all
its maleficent glory. Why should vampires seek to make
the world any easier for the mortals who live in it? Why
should they take a personal interest in the well-being,
physical or spiritual or emotional, of the kine? Why —
and this may be a very important question to followers of
such Paths as Night or Power and the Inner Voice —
should they not exploit the power which could be theirs?

A number of very good reasons exist why Kindred
should want to cleanse such an area, or at least render it
powerless. The Masquerade mandates the concealment of
evidence of vampiric activity. If the area in question was
polluted by a vampire, the characters may feel obliged to
"tidy matters up." To some extent, this can be extended to
concealing evidence of other supernatural forces as well.
The kine are more easily controlled when they don't suspect
unnatural influence in their daily lives, and the step from
believing in ghosts or mages or werewolves to believing in
vampires is very easy for them to take.

Ona more humane or self-interested level, some Kin-
dred may prefer theirkine healthy and undisturbed. Camarilla
vampires may even wish tosettle the matter and cleanse the
place for reasons of their own Humanity. Cainites following
the Path of Harmony or even the Feral Heart might
perceive the defiled area as a scar upon nature and feel a
certain obligation to setting matters right.

In addition, both Camarilla and Sabbat neonates and
ancillae have certain obligations to elders and colleagues in
their respective sects. Perhaps a prestation debt requires
payment, and the elder in question indicates that she will be
satisfied if this "minor kine inconvenience" is dealt with.
(She doubtless has her own motives; perhaps an industrial
company she owns intends to expand in that direction, she
desires the "haunted" manor house as a new lair, or maybe
other supernatural factions are leaning on her ....) Maybe
the Sabbat bishop knows that the entire area is under the
protection of a Camarilla elder and intends the party to act


VAG ,
a I ge te

asascouting force and test his strength. It could even be that
some Giovanni or Tremere representative owes a debt to
other supernatural forces, and they have demanded that the
area be cleansed. The whole situation might be a plot
against the investigating coterie, staged and set by an
enterprising intriguer who is sure that the situation will
destroy them .... The characters may never discover the
true identity of their patrons, still less their motives.

The malice of the place may be impersonal or per-
sonal. Both options have points to recommend them. A
personal malice, directed particularly at the place's cur-
rent victims — that is, the characters — can play on the
nerves very well and can be tailored to the characters'
flaws. It can lack acertain grandeur of scale and can seem
petty if not handled carefully, A more abstract and
‘an terrify
concern for anything else around it. If a character is the

general malice haracters by its casual lack of
target of direct evil, this at least suggests some interest in
him and respect for his abilities. If, however, he is in the
path of something as merciless and uncaring as a tidal
wave and as implacable as fire, that has a flavor of terror
entirely its own. In fact, impersonal malice may be more
horrifying to most vampires, as they should be quite used
to personal malice after a few years as undead.

+4

|

In Victorian literature, moral and spiritual warping is
accompanied by physical and behavioral stigma: ultimately, it
is impossible for a place which is as truly wrong as the ones
discussed here to look normal tomore thana brief glance. Itwill
not be difficult for characters with a keen perception of their
surroundings, such as intelligent Kindred, to realize that some-
thing is out of balance. The unperceptive, the materialistic and
the forces of authority will fail to notice anything until far too
late. Blind as they are to any higher reality, they are easy prey for
the forces of true evil, as helpless victims or as targets for further
corruption. Not only will they not perceive the truth, they will
refuse to believe it even if it is aggressively presented to them, or
will see only the grossest
They will search for scientific, rational e
situation. Just as Queen Victoria is supposed to have refused to
believe that lesbians could exist, so the forces of law, order and
rationality will generally try to find an answer that obeys the
natural laws of the universe. A pity that some things go beyond
nature and trespass in the realm of the unnatural .

most material aspects of the situation.
planations for the

The Smaller Darknesses
Ferns cluster thickly around the ruined opening to the

old cellar at the bottom of the garden, hiding it from sight.
The dark lake is free ofswans oreven ducks, and nofishswim

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


in those shadowy depths. The house itself is set back from
the roads, surrounded by thick hedges (though even those
show signs of neglect, beginning to squirm loose from the
iron strictures of civilization) and empty fields. The rooms
are crusted with dust, and the ceilings and crevices are
painted over with cobwebs. (Or perhaps they are clean and
tidy in a way which strikes the viewer as fundamentally
wrong, too neat, too free from dust, and the scent of lavender
polish covers a deeper smell that is far too familiar to
vampires.) The buildings in the village are decaying at the
edges; the thatch rots on the roof, the slate tiles have gaps,
and weeds grow over the edges of the roads. The people who
live in those buildings smile when they should not smile,
and they do not speak about some things to outsiders.

Both place and people are corrupt. It's the House of
Usher, which is rotted from within, just like the family
which inhabits it, and which is mad to the soul of its
timber. It's the little glen in the middle of the forest
where dancing creatures with only the crudest resem-
blance to humanity come to worship around the pale
stone at the center. It's the child who found an old book
and now follows its instructions painstakingly in the
cliffside valley where old half-carved marble statues
watch her with heavy-lidded eyes and the summer heat
pools in the valley like a fever. It's the ruins of a tiny
village in the middle of the Sussex Downs that still
remembers the Black Death and where the bones of
forgotten corpses fill the disused well. It is unnature,
fostered and growing like a cancer.

The place is always at one extreme or at the other. Either
it is too dirty, or it is too clean. Either it is isolated in its
corruption, far away from the safe sanity of normal life, out of
reach of help, or it squats in the middle of an ordinary town or
city, even more abhorrent when compared to the everyday life
aroundit. Eitherthe inhabitantsshow toomuch emotion, ortoo
little and too late. But it is never normal.

Once the protagonist has entered the place, he
knows that something is wrong. Dogs refuse to go in, and
if forced to do so put their ears back, howl mournfully,
cower and refuse to go outside, or yap furiously at things
which are outside and which their handlers cannot see.
Cats flinch and try to escape, clawing their owners and
struggling frantically, or exult in the dark malice of the
place, purring and licking blood from their fur. Horses
panic and try to bolt, or shiver and sweat if they are forced
to remain. Newfangled automobiles break down. Inno-
cent children avoid the area instinctively. Birds do not
sing, though perhaps crows or magpies haunt the dark
trees and peck at things in the shadows.

And so the vampires enter the zone of danger,
perhaps not even realizing that they have crossed the
boundary until the full horror of the place strikes them.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

~

Perhaps they would have been warned if they had
investigated a little sooner? Perhaps they should have
listened to the yokel farmer who warned them that nobody
lives up at the old house, or maybe the gossip of the old
women in the village square would have suggested that
something was wrong down by the lake? Maybe an inquiry
into police or hospital records would have pinpointed that
street corner, or this decrepit pub, as a nexus for death and
foulness? But part of the horror is that the realization is
always too late. Even if they were prepared to some extent,
something would still come as a surprise. Understanding is
never in time and is never sufficient. The natural cannot
comprehend the unnatural, which is why the unnatural
leaves such lasting scars. Even the Cainites, unnatural
creaturesas they are, still retain enough of humanity and the
natural order to be threatened.

The place is always full of symbols, even if they are
noticed too late. The clocks are ticking toward a mid-
night that cannot be stopped, or are frozen just as the
place itself is a calcified fragment of unchanging evil.
The moss and ivy on the walls demonstrate decay, age
and slow putrefaction. Alternatively, the room that is
clean and polished is somehow sterile and bare of natural
life, just as the white stone at the center of the clearing
lacks any marks of wind or rain or grass, any normal traces
of life. The crows wait in ranks along the roof of the
house, but the pigeons and sparrows avoid it. Deadly
nightshade grows in the vegetable garden, and spiders
spin their webs in the deserted nursery.

Many sorts of wrongs might cause such defilement. If
the Storyteller has a coterie witha long and detailed history,
she might even wish to link the corruption of the place to
apast action of one of their enemies or make it the eventual
result of some long-forgotten choice of theirs. Remember
that ghoul who was cast off and left to return to his home
when he was no longer necessary, half-mad with the need
for vitae? What precisely did he do to his family that caused
the village to burn down the house and shun the place for
the next five generations? What about the child who was in
the wrong place at the wrong time and who was casually
disposed of, her body flung down the nearest well? Who or
what crawls out of the well at night in a mass of white linen
and tumbled dark hair, witha face too ghastly tobe tolerated
by any sane mind?

The important fact is that the action or actions must
have been unnatural in the first place. Abnormality
breeds abnormality. It must have been a wasteful murder,
an incestuous passion, a nightmarish slow descent into
insanity, an offense against nature. When the mother
tries to hide her unfaithfulness by flinging her living baby
into the pigpen, that is against the natural order. When
a father forces himself on his own daughter for years on


end, it brings forth a scream of innocent pain that weaves
itself into the walls of the house and clings to it for
generations. When two children play with fire in the
lonely cave and giggle as they watch their eviscerated
pets mew in agony, they foster something that soaks into
the stone and makes the place foul. When a whole
community rises up against a scapegoat and spends its
hatred and anger in a bitter act of cruelty, that hatred
leaves a stain. Humans can mark the world with their
emotions and actions in a way that nature can never
quite recover from — if unassisted.

Othersupernatural forces may also be involved. Witches
and warlocks prowl the night, and some even assert an older
mystical heritage than the childer of Caine, claimingdeeper
secrets and greater power. Whether or not this is true, they
are capable of commanding powers forbidden to normal
menand women— powers that can scar the earth and leave
echoes in forests. Their rituals and summonings may have
called powers which are too potent or too terrible to walk
upon the earth without damaging the natural order of
things. What entities might be hidden behind the crude
mask of comic or gentle rustic deities? Maybe three magi
attempted to summon the satyr-god Pan ten years ago,
trying to draw back the veil which separates flesh from spirit
—and whatcame through caused one to go mad, the second
tokill himself and the third to withdraw from the world into
the seclusion of religion. The entity itself still haunts the
place and teaches the children of the local village to sing old
hymns and shed blood at the dark of the moon. Its child,
bred from earth and horseflesh and a human woman,
wanders the moor and lays its seed in the ground. One does
not even have to be an educated or competent mage to call
upsomething which cannot then be put down. The unnatu-
ral needs an invitation, but after that ....

Werewolves and other strange and unholy shapeshifters
canalso leave marks behind them. After all, they are unnatural
creatures themselves, and the mere sight of them is enough to
drive most mortals insane. If the origin of vampires is Caine,
what could be the ancestor of skinchangers? The ground where
they have practiced their rites is often afflicted by strange
energies which can bum or warpa vampire's body, and becomes
territory for vengeful spirits of the green wilds. Cases have also
occurred when they slaughtered humans and destroyed new
factories or industrial equipment — such locations are often
found afterward to be the hunting-grounds of creatures that
seem to be the living essence of pollution or corruption. Some
of them even seem able to summon such entities down to infest
a village, spreading their warped behavior and dragging the
humans there down into bestiality and other perversions.

The "Little People of the Hills" are also a potential
source of horror. Despite the faked photographs of little
butterfly-winged people that soconveniently fooled Arthur

Conan Doyle, most researchers who have studied the
subject in any depth know that something exists, something
far worse than children's fairy tales would have us believe.
Little brown and gray people with the eyes of snakes dance
in the moonlight in isolated parts of Cornwall and Wales,
and when a woman is found weeping and injured near a
certain crossroads, the villagers shun her and the daughter
born to her in nine months. Something hides in the cellar
of the old house, something with wide-open jaws and a lust
for the blood of children. Pale men and women, as proud
and cruel as the haughtiest of the Sabbat, are known to ride
on certain roads at certain times, and those who meet them
are never seen again. As the ancient Greeks named the
Furiesas "The Kindly Ones" in the hopes of appeasing them,
so folklore celebrates the "Fair Folk." Once their miasma
fouls a place, how can it ever be wiped clean?

Characters can leave small areas of metaphysical pollu-
tion alone. They can avoid them, or visit them briefly and
then choose to ignore them. It's not as if it's hard for a
vampire to forget that such corruption exists, is it? It should
be simple for her to put it out of her head and to ignore the
nightmares, or to forget the nearby kine who may be at
threat. It's only a limited area, and doubtless only a few
people will suffer. Kine are dying every day, so what are afew
more? It's notas if the place could spread, after all — surely
it can't spread. It's not as if something is there which will
remember her name. It's not as if such deep-seated malice
and wrongness could be a vague foreshadowing of what the
Antediluvians truly are ....

Malo House

The villagers do not go up to Malo House any more.
Ten years ago, the governess took the young girl of the
two children whom she had been tutoring and left the
place early one morning, never to return. The house-
keeper followed with the servants the next day, and the
household was disbanded in London. Nobody asked
what had happened to the little boy. Everyone assumed
that he had been sent off to boarding school somewhere.
But after the third village child was found strangled
underneath the old apple tree in the grounds, the villag-
ers chopped the tree down and shunned the place.

The body of the little boy, Mark, is still hidden in the
attic of the house, though it is nothing more than askeleton
by now, and ivy grows through the broken window and
between his bones. The governess, Miss Jess Mallas, was
psychotic. After a year of alternately flirting with and
threatening Mark, she grew convinced that the boy was
haunted by the evil spirits of two past servants, the previous
governess anda manservant, and she strangled him "to save
him" before telling the housekeeper that he had run away.
Something of his pain and uncertainty has steeped the

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


house and grounds. Ivy and bushes come alive at night to
crawl around pale necks, and the trees constantly rock and
sway as though in a high wind. All that remains of Mark is
a consciousness that he must kill other people in order to
save them, children in particular, and that he needs to find
the two servants who died and kill them too, because they
were evil. Everyone is evil. Miss Mallas said so, and she
should know.

The Greater Evils

However great their sophistication or their progress
toward inhumanity, characters must be horrified when
they realize just how far nature can be twisted from its
true form. Even a Tzimisce who revels in finding new
shapes for flesh or a Toreador antitribu who delights in
torture and pain can find something appalling in the
areas of darkness which grow and spread, sprung from
human seeds. Communities or locations that have be-
come twisted, and which maintain what can be called a
stable — or growing — ecosystem of corruption, are truly
frightening things. They grow and thrive, spreading
their taint into the world around them.

Asmentioned previously, Kindred may choose to go, or be
driven by obligation or direct command, to investigate or deal
with such a place for a number of different reasons. One of the
main differences between a large area of corruption and a
comparatively small one is the difficulty in leaving. Even with
the fastest carriages, or with all the powers a vampire may
command, it might take hours to pass the boundaries of an
isolated section of the Highlands, orit might be near-impossible
toleaveanisolatedisland. Perhaps the mistssurround the ruined
city, and every alley tums back on itself to lead toward the
banqueting hall where the masked throng still dance and smile
with dead lips. Maybe the unholy engines created by the insane
scientist who rules this maze of factories now move of theirown
volition, and will shift walls and raise gates to keep the coterie
isolated and trapped.

The truest horror of a large outpost of unnature such as
this is, how can such a place exist in the world? Even the
Sabbat, who pride themselves on their monstrous natures
and on the fact that they have moved past the feeble
limitations of humanity, can be made to tremble by such
areas growing and prospering. Just as wise Sabbat shun the
Path of Evil Revelations, they may also wish to be sensibly
afraid of the creatures which may prosper at the heart of
these places of darkness. As for the Camarilla, their objec-
tions may range from the humane to the practical, but few
sane members of the sect wish to see abominations thriving
and putting out fleurs du mal in their own back garden.

What are the qualities of a large place which exem-
plifies such corruption? The keynotes are size, health and
quality of twistedness. The size of the place may range

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

from a large village to an isolated island, to hundreds of
miles of moorland that bears the scars of unholy mingling
between human and demons, to the depths of an aban-
doned forest. It is larger and less escapable than the small
outposts of horror discussed above. The place is also
healthy, in that it is nourished on its own twisted quali-
ties, and shows no sign of degenerating into empathy and
a merciful death. Indeed, it may even be expanding,
physically, emotionally or spiritually. As to the quality of
horror and the unnatural, that is as perverse, as strange
and as fundamentally alien to human nature as the
examples discussed in smaller horrors.

In this Victorian age of wonders, the kine them-
selves are capable of constructing their own horrors ona
large scale. Arthur Conan Doyle's The Valley of Fear
describes how a valley of miners in the Gilverton Moun-
tains is controlled by the "Eminent Order of Freemen,"
a semi-Masonic union which conceals the Scowrers, a
society of murderers. The entire valley knows and fears
the Scowrers, who control the public offices and mail
and take what they want in terms of public monies and
private favors. Public works are neglected, assessments
and taxes are huge, the accounts are suitably covered up
by bribed auditors, and the everyday decent citizen is
terrified into holding his tongue for fear of worse. This is,
by every good Victorian standard, a horrific place. The
social contract has been broken, the ordinary man can-
not live in peace and earn his bread by honest labor, and
the law is set aside by bribery and intimidation. The
valley itself shows outward signs of corruption: slag pits,
dark mines, coal smoke constantly in the air, oppressive
fog, and workers drinking and gambling and counterfeit-
ing rather than doing their daily civic duty.

Kindred can easily metaphysically poison an area,
ghouling servitors to ensure that their grip on the inhab-
itants remains unbroken and arranging their own schemes
in the carefully prepared environment. After all, times
come when vampires with sociological or arcane theo-
ties simply cannot hope to realize their ambitions without
a full-scale experiment. This may require a village, an
island or even a town, and generations or even centuries
to study the full implications of certain projects.

Such long-term manipulations of the world have gone on
in secret as long as manipulators and opportunity have existed.
They merely take on new forms and motives now, combining
the Victorian enthusiasm for rationalism and experimentation.
withnew ideasaboutspiritual synthesisand theancientdrivefor
power over one's neighbors and environment. Both newly
starting experimenters and well established overlords use the
new language to speak of their aims and means. It isn'ta sadistic
urge to watch the kine grow more and more perverse over the
years as they struggle with an imposed power structure, incestu-


ous family relationships and bloody rituals at midnight; it's a
noble attempt torecreate certain aspects of the Book of Nod. It's
not merely a strange forest of humans Demented into behaving
like wild animals, forcibly regressed to their base instincts like
some perverse Garden of Eden; it's an attempt to discover
something novel about the baser animal motivations.

A Tzimisce might wish to explore his personal concepts of
crossbreeding fleshcrafted ghouls. Naturally he will require an
isolated environment, a good supply of experimental stock and
the opportunity to watch the evolution of his specimens from
generation to generation. A Ventrue could have theories about
the ideal management of a properly ordered society and estab-
lish himself in a small town or a tiny port in order to work
through his visions. These might involve systematic Blood
Bonding of ghouls, creating new political structures or Domi-
nating the townspeople into amnesia every time he feels like
trying out a new method of keeping public order. A Toreador
might keep a private house deep in the countryside where she
preserves a flock of artists, chained to the walls so that they are
unable to leave, fed on the blood of children in an attempt to
improve their talents, buried under the rosebushes should they
fail to please. Even reformers can grow obsessive and cruel, such
asa Brujah who exorcises his frenzies on the bodies of the latest
council members who failed to please him.

Othersupematural beings can also haveapernicious effect
on nature, especially if they breed or swarm — as some of them
seem inclined to do. The werewolves apparently live in tribal
groups and seem mostat ease when infiltrated acrossa large area
in small family clumps, gathering at some central location for
their perverse and bloody celebrations of the life force. Their
ceremonies can create pools of darkness that form strange runic
networks across the countryside, attracting lunar spirits of
madness and perverse entities which lure the kine into savagely
immoral behavior. Fortunately they avoid the cities, though a
well educated vampire could imagine a truly nightmarish
scenario if some of them should manage to play on the current
interest in the ancient pagan religions. Perhaps some artifact or
ruin from recorded history exists, inexplicable even to the most
rational or thorough archaeologists, which hides unthinkable
secrets.

Magi can infiltrate a town with their covens and
cabals — just ask the Tremere how feasible such an
operation might be. They can preach their arcane doc-
trines in the universities and from the pulpits, or in the
drawing-rooms of occultists and spiritualists. They can
teach children to chant the dark hymns of summoning
and binding, initiate virgins in their hidden cults and
offer elixirs of life or poison to the old and desperate. On
the other hand, the supernatural beings that sorcerers
can summon could be there, or the twisted creatures
referred to in folklore as fairies, or even the kindly dead
which spiritualists claim that they can contact. Who

1

15 FRE 55855

would know if such invisible beings had corrupted an
area, save by observing the visible signs of corruption in
the kine? The Giovanni keep their own counsel about
the motives and abilities of the dead, which in itself is
enough to worry any sensible vampire.

Rondel Island

An island off the coast of Wales is pleasantly warm
in the summer and never more than lightly snowy in the
winter. Swallows make their nests in the roofs of the
houses, giving the place its name — Rondel, from the
French hirondelle, meaning swallow. The people there
form a simple farming community, go to church every
Sunday in their best clothing and smile politely and bow
their heads to their social superiors. At night, the fathers
of each household lie with their daughters, and in sum-
mer men and boys alike scatter their seed in the furrows
of the fields. At the summer and winter solstices, the
older women gather in the cliffs at the north of the island,
tear apart the youngest child in the village and give the
fragments of the broken body to the sea.

Paganism never left this island, and the succession of
priests who attend the small chapel have been either
corrupted or kept in deliberate ignorance. The current
vicar, the Reverend Idris, is in his seventies and nearly deaf.
The children learn about the Bible at his knee, then run
home to their mothers to be taught how to burn cages of
birds at Samhain and to give their seed and blood to the
earth and sea. Slowly this community is growing more and
more inbred, though a few new people arrive from the
mainland every generation. In a few decades, genetic de-
fects will begin to show, an outward sign of inner corruption.

Cleansing and Consequences

As with hauntings, the focus of a scenario involving
a corrupt location is likely to be cleansing it or, possibly,
mastering it, depending on the vampires' objectives. The
most important part of such a task for the protagonists is
usually to remove the original locus of corruption. They
must drive the master vampire from the area or destroy
him, wipe out the Lupines or force the magi to recant
their incantations and banish their summoned demons.

Once this is done, the Kindred may either finish
cleansing the place by allowing normal nature to enter it
once again, or they may take control of it themselves.
Allowing normality back in may require such actions as
providing a proper burial for the unhallowed dead, replant-
ing an area which had been drained of all life by strange
sorceries or blood magic or bringing in ordinary humans to
resettle a deserted village. Once the locus of abnormality is
gone, nature reasserts her laws and resumes her regular
paths. If, however, the vampires wish to control the corrup-

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


tion and maintain it as a personal source of power or a
stronghold, they must take steps to establish themselves as
the dominant power in the area. They may even wish to
deepen the place's aura of decay, leading the population
into further inhuman acts, performing rituals which lay
permanent whiplashes of unnatural darkness on hapless
Nature's flesh. This may raise a Sabbat vampire's Convic-
tion and Self-Control while lowering Conscience and
Instinct, depending on the situation, and will certainly
lower Humanity for Camarilla vampires.

If the place's decay has purely mortal origins, the
characters must involve themselves with the mortals in
order to resolve the situation. This makes for interesting
play, as it forces the characters to explore what is left of
their own humanity. They must understand the situation
in order to identify the problem, and they must build
constructively on their instincts and their memories of
being mortal in order to resolve the problem and to
create a stable new order for the place. It is of little use to
kill the man at the top of an organization that rules by
fear if one of his subordinates will simply take his place
and continue with the same methods.

It may be impossible to return the place or the people
to total health. Mind-controlled slaves, fleshcrafted
beastmen and long-term ghouls cannot return to normal
life immediately. They may never be able to doso. The land
itself may have received scars from physical or spiritual
pollution which will take centuries to heal. The trees are
withered and dry, the fields are sere and barren, void of all
nourishment, and the lake isas dark and empty as winter ice.
Concrete and brick abutments lie like scabs on the land's
surface, and heaps of refuse mar the once-fertile fields.

Insome cases, the characters may decide thata merciful
death is the kindest option for physically twisted or spiritu-
ally mutilated denizens. In such a situation, they must then
live with the consequences of that choice, which should be
reflected in effects on Humanity or Path scores. Storytellers
should make such tragedies rare — potentially one per
chronicle, if that many, as producing such a morally painful
choice repeatedly removes its power.

Tales of Secret Faiths

Just as the Victorians applied imagination and vigor
to scientific research, so they also devoted huge amounts
of energy to investigating foreign religions, or trying to
rediscover their own "mythic heritage." This was an era
of high doctrinal weirdness and innovation, often com-
bined in the same secret cult. Some eccentrics sought
traces of the mythic past which they were sure had
existed, trying to find continuous teachings which could
be traced back to Ancient Masters. Others delved into

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

concepts of Druidism, covens, blood sacrifices, skyclad
rituals and other material so well illustrated by Beardsley,
whether or not it was genuinely accurate. Rationalists
sought ways to combine new forms of science and schools
of thought with their current beliefs, hoping to refine
traditional religion into a deeper understanding of the
universe and God. Students of foreign cultures and
religions sought in them, with varying degrees of compe-
tence or courtesy, truths as yet unrevealed to Europeans.

Any major metropolis in Europe, and certainly Lon-
don, is humming with an underworld of occult researchers,
mystic seekers, would-be pagans (if they could find the
Authentick Tradition), rationalists, cultists, scholars and
practitioners of foreign religions based on half-understood
cultural concepts and mistranslated scriptures. This is more
than just a convenient source of ghouls for the Tremere in
the chronicle. It's a thriving subculture, composed of hun-
dreds of different interacting tiny cults or groups each with
its own vision of Truth, driven by the impetus which is
forcing Victorian explorers into the Dark Continent, in-
dustrializing the countryside and making revolutionary new
advances in laboratories across Europe.

This section does not discuss the potential of ghouls
or cults to the vampiric powermonger. Instead, it offers
ideas and concepts for the adversaries and perils which
such misguided or egotistical research can produce. In
their pursuit of enlightenment and power, however they
define them, the kine can become as dangerous as many
Kindred. Characters may well not believe this; their own
Disciplines and Thaumaturgy may have convinced them
that they are the masters of the Earth, the rulers of the
night and the powers that control society.

Victorian horror can involve finding that such as-
sumptions are mistaken.

Actually stopping a cult can be far harder than charac-
ters expect. Investigators must first identify the cult and
establish its purposes and beliefs. Since the practitioners
will probably have secrecy as a driving principle, this will be
difficult. Exposing the cult to authorities has its own haz-
ards. Some cults will have an agent in the local judiciary or
nobility, while others will be so appalling that the constabu-
lary will simply refuse to believe that such a thing could
exist. ("I'm dreadfully sorry, sir, but are you saying that Mrs.
Magham down the road is actually engaged in sacrificing
babies to a heathen Hindoo deity? Do I have that right?")
Even if the characters do manage to dispose of the cult
members, either personally or through agents, it is hard to
be sure that every last root and branch is destroyed. What
one man once invents, another can discover again, and
powers who have been contacted are all too eager to hear
further prayers. Trying to take control of the cult may be
more perilous yet, to the character's very soul and sanity.


% ae
lh

Ne VA, 2

OL 5g OS SRR Ls SR I

Dowers of the Past

Building on the same reason which guides the con-
struction of the laboratories of the future, competent
scholars and ignorant would-be pagans alike attempt to
trace the "mythic heritage" and "classical traditions"
which they believe have been passed down through the
centuries from the dawn of time. While such scholae [not
sure what this word is supposed to be] and lineages may
exist, very few seekers will ever find them, much less be
accepted into them. This means that many of the would-
be "inheritors of the ancient ways" are applying a devotion
worthy of a better cause to trying to piece together
logically some sort of rational framework from old stories
of witchcraft, folk myths, granny legends and half-under-
stood studies of archaeology.

While some of these researchers may stumble on
genuine continuous pagan traditions or classical prac-
tices, either through their competence at research (if the
Storyteller wishes a continuous pagan tradition to exist)
or simple good fortune, most of them will be thrown back
on their own resources. To the true seeker after power
and enlightenment, a mere lack of evidence or doubtful
source is no reason to slow down an attempted practice

~)

or ritual. They will gladly dress themselves in white
robes, meet in lonely stone circles, sacrifice black bulls or
white lambs, smear themselves with blood and dance
naked in the morning dew, and swear their loyalty to
ancient gods and goddesses. Dangerous as this fanaticism
is, something is more dangerous yet, and that is if these
seekers are answered.

As any good authority on the supernatural (though
probably not many Kindred) will know, some entities
will hear misguided prayers and will offer power while
wearing an appropriate mask. Such powers will lead their
deceived victims into further morasses of blood and
violence and unrestrained sexuality. They will under-
mine the roots of Victorian stability, like worms in the
solid foundations, spreading their deceptive tentacles
further with each new convert. Although such cults tend
to be small, they are nonetheless pernicious. They stand
against the rationalism and scientific progress of the new
age, even if their originators began by attempting to link
past and present and future together in a golden chain of
tradition. They preach wanton bloodshed and libidinous
superstition, and they risk ignorantly serving greater
powers of true evil. As both Camarilla and Sabbat know,

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE

i


one may control the Beast or live with it, but one does
not let it control you, and that is what many of these
would-be pagan kine wish to do.

Example: Weland's Thirteen

Thirteen elderly would-be sorcerers, druids, smiths
and scholars (no women allowed) have formed what
they consider to be a classical coven following the old
Celtic traditions, paying due honor to Weland Smith,
Master of the Forge and Lord of the Autumn. Their
accumulated scholarship is wide, if undirected and bi-
ased, and they are searching for more documentation to
support their particular theories about ancient Druidic
Masters. The members of this group are scattered across
Oxford, Cambridge, London and Edinburgh but are
capable of contacting each other quickly by telegram if
necessary. They can command some small pieces of
hedge sorcery. More urgently, a number of them are
practicing professors and lecturers, and their biased,
illogical delusions are beginning to leak into their courses
and lectures, presenting a continuing pollution which
risks leading young students away from rational thought
and honest common sense.

Wisdom from Foreign Lands

It may be an application of the principle that foreign
mysticism always sounds more interesting than the home-
grown variety, or it may be an outgrowth of genuine
interest in foreign cultures, but the result is that serious
researchers and would-be magicians alike are investigat-
ing the Mysterious East. In practice, this is anything
that's not Europe or America, though an exception may
be made for particularly out-of-the-way districts of Rus-
sia with interesting folklore. The exotic foreign wisdom
which results from all this feverish research is distilled
into new doctrines, injected where possible (and often
where not) into current philosophical beliefs or into
denominations which are Christian only in name and
practiced by the ignorant. Since very few genuinely wise
teachers of esoteric doctrines or Eastern faiths are going
to become involved with seekers of this nature, the
Storyteller can be fairly sure that such characters will be
misguided, erroneous, dangerous and quite convinced
that they're on the right track.

India is one of the most convenient sources for such
pseudo-enlightening research, given the British Empire's
presence. The popular fascination for things "Hindoo"
can hide mystic researches among the most unlikely of
dabblers; who would have thought that the nice middle-
aged widow of Colonel Jenkins is pursuing certain
half-understood lines of worship involving Shiva the
Destroyer? Consider the growing numbers of foreign

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

workers around the docks in London, or in other major
ports; who knows how many followers of strange faiths
lurk among them, willing to pass along fragments of
dangerous knowledge? Equally, a fondness for Chinoiserie
is enough to conceal a professor's fondness for arcane
Chinese mystical secrets, opium and absolute power.

The horror of this sort of obsession or cult plays on
the fact that any Victorian Englishman — or, to be fair,
any Victorian from any civilized Western country —
knows that he hails from a land which is the apex of
civilization and rationality. Meddling with foreign
strangeness is simply asking for trouble. Deliberately
allowing yourself to be corrupted by weird foreign prac-
tices is a betrayal of self, of manhood and of nation.
Letting the alien darkness in ultimately means loss of
personal identity and purpose. The possibility of revenge
exists also. Foreign powers do not care to be mocked by
petty sorcerers, and important knowledge may have
unforeseen consequences in the hands of the ignorant. A
single researcher who repeats a misunderstood chant or
who calls on strange gods may open a path for unnatural
darkness to enter the civilized world. As the hapless new
slave of something stranger and more cruel than any
Cainite, he will hold wide the door for ancient things to
enter and to sate their hunger.

The Masquerade becomes doubly important at this
juncture. Even though vampires are creatures of the
supernatural, far from rational thought and honest com-
mon sense, those qualities serve their interests by
persuading the kine to stay away from such foreign
dabblings and mystical cults. Humans who do not be-
lieve in the supernatural in any way do not give it
openings into their lives and do not open doors through
which stranger things may enter. Orat least they don't in
their waking and conscious souls.

Mary Maiden Mansion

As many famous educationalists would be glad to
inform their readers, educating women is a dangerous
thing. This small country house goes a long way to prove
their hypothesis. Founded by Miss Margaret Redhill, the
only daughter of Professor Redhill, the eminent Indian
historian, it provides shelter to single pregnant women
and works to find them decent upright employment after
they have given birth. In the cellars, Miss Redhill has
adapted certain ghastly facets of her father's research and
worships a goddess who she variously names Kali, Kuan-
Yin and the Virgin Mary, celebrating the births which
take place upstairs in bloody sacrifice. Some of the
servants share this abominable set of beliefs, and each
child born at the house is secretly anointed into the faith,
Miss Redhill is an enthusiastic Orientalist and frequently


entertains learned Chinese and Hindu gentlemen, keen
to hear the pearls of wisdom which might drop from their
lips, the better to weave them into her new philosophy.

Our Own Dear Church

Both of the above concepts can be used in strange
sects which have their roots (if nothing else) in Chris-
tianity. Imagine the horror of a true Victorian in finding
what he believed to be one of the stable points of society
— the Church, the Law, the Queen — perverted at the
base, distorted into something which is unnatural but
still recognizable. Here the players have the horror of
recognizing a perversion of something important and
beloved yet still being able to see the original in it, just
as a man might recognize his innocent daughter's fea-
tures in a harlot's raddled face. Cainites should be
intimately familiar with this kind of horror: they see the
world they loved change and transform around them,
and though some changes may be welcome, others are
certain to shock Kindred sensibilities.

The people who pursue esoteric Christian move-
ments are generally intelligent, sometimes ferociously
so, and searching for something outside the established
church. Some of them may be genuine believers in the
Christian faith, even possessing True Faith, but ardently
looking for the secrets which they believe are hidden
from public view, or for the "true origins" of the church.
Others would claim that they are Christian, but what
they truly seek is a justification for their concept of
Christianity, something that will allow them to claim
that they are and always have been in the right. A few are
neither ardent believers nor self-deluders but merely
seek in the roots of the church for something that they
can accept as truth and have faith in. These can be the
most dangerous, as they are not blinded by their own
preconceptions, and their research can uncover poten-
tially explosive matters, both temporal and spiritual.

Certain tracks are more commonly followed than
others. The "Quest for the Historical Jesus" is popular
among armchair historians and genuine professors alike
and carries a certain cachet due to its apparent affiliation
with the general Victorian principles of rationality, truth
and bringing light to matters that were previously con-
cealed. This course of research is also notable for truly
astonishing divagations from the truth; researchers can
grow so absorbed in the history that they forget all about
Christ. If they discover some genuinely esoteric wisdom,
the possible consequences of this could be extremely
dangerous.

Theological scholars may prefer such matters as
Gnosticism — though bear in mind that this was half a
century before the Nag Hammadi discoveries, unless

your characters get there first — or other interesting
heresies which have occurred along the path of Chris-
tianity. (The Cainite Heresy provides excellent
background material on a number of heresies which were
current at the time and which could provide philosophi-
cal and occult corruption for seekers who lose their way.)

Other possibilities include offshoots from Freema-
sonry which have developed into full theologies and
histories of their own and have carried along a few
devoted believers. Such practitioners would be obscured,
to some extent, by the larger society of Freemasonry to
which they belonged — fellow Masons might have no
idea of the darker practices taking place in their midst.
Lone professors or studious spinsters might stumble across
the archives of lost monastic orders or secret priesthoods,
and investigate their practices with closer attention than
safety or sanity warrant.

The Victorian social order had a place for every-
thing and everything in its place. If a part of the church
was hidden, then a reason existed for that concealment.
It is not proper for people to look into secret places; they
are far too likely to find out why the matter was kept
secret and to live to regret it. (Yes, this does conflict with
the other Victorian imperative to discover the laws of
nature and penetrate the great mysteries of life. Society
itself is rarely totally rational.) Characters who spend
their time trying to uncover the mysteries behind the
Christian church, or looking for a dark truth which
should not exist, are courting their own damnation. Let
the characters be aware that even if they are already
damned, deeper reaches of Hell yet exist for them to
plumb — and if they seek, they will surely find.

The True Johannines

A small Catholic theological college houses a pri-
vate order, unknown to most of the teachers and students.
This tiny group holds certain theories about "the disciple
who Jesus loved" who, according to some sources, "waits
for him to come again." They've traced historical pat-
terns and religious movements and believe that they
have identified the immortal disciple John, brother of
James, and think that they know his current location.
Their research suggests that he follows the steps of a
divine plan that includes the subordination of women,
the oppression of unbelievers and the coming of holy fire
tocleanse the Earth. Besides practicing these precepts on
their own, they intend to go to meet him soon and to
offer theirservices. Whether the "John" whom they have
identified is a lunatic, a mage, a Cainite or an infernal
agent is left to the Storyteller to decide.

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE


12
The Continuing
Dresence

Victorian horror stories often star professional (or
semiprofessional) investigators of the strange. John Si-
lence wanders through villages of witches who change to
cats by night, and old schools which practice strange
"offerings" of strangulation and sacrifice. Solar Pons, one
of the many detectives to follow in the footsteps of
Sherlock Holmes, finds himself looking into cases of
blood-drinking vines and mysterious hauntings. Even
Sherlock Holmes investigates cases of reported hauntings,
vampires and other apparent instances of the supernatu-
ral. (Given the World of Darkness, the rational
explanation might not always have been the correct one,
either.)

The Investigator in Victoriana

In the Victorian ghost story, a moderately profes-
sional investigator is either the protagonist, an assistant/
mentor to the protagonist or a bumbling hindrance who
makes the wrong assumptions, shows up at the wrong
time and nearly gets everyone killed in his eagerness to
prove himself right. The latter category includes meta-
physical investigators as well as strictly rational ones,
both wrong in their own particular ways. Would-be
mediums, psychic "prodigies" and aspiring mages can
foul up a situation or make matters worse just as much as
common-sense policemen or logical consulting detec-
tives.

Protagonist investigators tend to be dynamic, vigor-
ous and either intelligent, courageous or both. It is
possible to have the brave but shallow type who regularly
plunges headfirst into perilous situations and is saved
only by the innate nobility of his heart and a lot of luck.
One rarely encounters an intelligent coward, however,
as protagonists are generally the heroic sort. Investiga-
tors have useful skills, abilities, contacts and items (occult
lore, unusual Japanese martial arts for self-defense, dis-
guises, informers across London, sharp eyes which read a
man's character with a single glance, newspaper archives
of unusual incidents, the ability to recognize the mud
from a particular industrial district and so forth). Each
frequently has a friend or colleague who has complemen-
tary skills or contacts and can make up for minor flaws in
his character, such as overweening pride or drug addic-
tion.

Investigators who assist the protagonist of the story
in his problems are usually mysterious figures, never fully

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

revealing their methods or their motivations. They ei-
therend the story witha full exposition of their deductive
processes, after a successful conclusion to the matter in
hand, or slip away quietly with an elliptical quip. As
such, they are frequently intensely annoying, even if
they do manage to save the protagonist's life, sanity and
marital prospects. Occasionally such an investigator
pays a dark and mysterious price for his knowledge, being
found weltering in his own blood in unspeakable circum-
stances or vanishing with the beautiful daughter of a
foreign genius to repay an old vow. They may from time
to time employ methods that no true Victorian hero
would study and lore that no proper gentleman or gentle-
woman should ever know.

Bumbling hindrances are perennially useful. They
illuminate the protagonist's genius by contrast and dem-
onstrate approaches not to take when dealing with the
problem at hand. They tend to approach the current
situation from precisely the wrong direction, advocating
metaphysical solutions in the case of human fraud or
attempting rationality when the answer is genuinely
supernatural. Unfortunately, bumblers often have rank
or official position, which means that they are hard to
dispose of. They may be high-ranking members of the
police, government officials sent out specifically to in-
vestigate the situation, rich dilettantes with more money
than intelligence or foreign agents working for their own
country's secret service. Bumblers occasionally help by
providing some simple yet obvious insight which greater
brains have missed or by compiling evidence and witness
statements on mysterious occurrences. They are far more
often a nuisance to protagonists, however.

Professional Relations

Characters of this type can make excellent foils,
adversaries, assistants or allies to Kindred protagonists.
Players may even choose to have their own characters
take such a role in society and establish themselves as
consulting detectives, psychic investigators, occult con-
noisseurs or scientific researchers willing to assist others
suffering from strange events. This offers a wide range of
potential allies and advantages to the player and an
equally wide range of possible plot threads and adventure
lead-ins to the Storyteller.

Some Kindred might even see a position as a "con-
sulting detective" of the sort so thoroughly popularized
by Arthur Conan Doyle as a convenient role in society.
Such characters can maintain contact with the highly
placed, accepting commissions from them, while simul-
taneously havinga web of contacts through the underbelly
of society. Brujah might see possibilities of reform, while
Ventrue and Lasombra smile at the thought of society


secrets and blackmail material; Toreador may find the
whole concept unspeakably aesthetic, and Gangrel might
be intrigued by the image of themselves as tireless hunt-
ers of crime. Tremere and Giovanni are more likely to be
investigators who specialize in hauntings and the occult,
moving through the tangled mazes of Victorian mysti-
cism with a knowing smile and a cutting wit.

Investigators are also effective as continuing Story-
teller characters throughout the campaign. They can
compete with the characters as fellow professionals if the
vampires work in the same field or possibly cooperate on
questions of national importance. If the player charac-
ters are experts in a particular field, then the investigator
might even come to count on them as allies to be
consulted in cases dealing with that field. ("Professor
Jeffers, how good to see you. I would be most grateful if
you could give me your opinion on this remarkable
Sanskrit inscription." The expertise does not have to be
scholarly or sorcerous; the Kindred may be a rumor-
monger in the stews, a society gossip, a crime boss on the
docks or even a reclusive professor of mathematics with
an unpublished treatise on the trinomial theorem.

The Storyteller may wish to consider letting a friendly
relationship develop between the investigator and the
vampire, as the investigator comes to count on the
vampire's expertise and the vampire gains a useful ally
and potential tool. This renders matters all the more
painful and delicate when the investigator strays close to
a potential breach of the Masquerade. While the vam-
pire has greater access to his ally or friend and may find
it easier to see that the matter is kept securely under
wraps, he also runs the risk of losing more if it is necessary
toalter the investigator's memories, cripple him, kill him
or whatever else is required. A relationship is never quite
the same once a vampire has been forced to use Domi-
nate or similar disciplines. Bribery and threats can also
alienate an ally or destroy a friendship.

A simple acquaintance with investigators may be
feasible, where they know the vampire by name or
reputation but have no personal link to him, and vice
versa. Here a curious or logical investigator or — worse
still — one trained in occult matters can be extremely
dangerous. If the Kindred are looking into a matter of
importance, an investigator may complicate the prob-
lem by entering at the wrong moment and seeing things
that he shouldn't. Likewise, he may run into danger due
to overly reckless methods and inaccurate assumptions,
or simply be a risk to the Masquerade owing to his new
understanding of the paranormal. (Simple removal of
the investigator may not be an option if he is a public
figure or if his death cannot be simply camouflaged as
collateral damage of the situation.) Perhaps a Blood
Bond can be created, under cover of a drug addiction.
Maybe blackmail material can be used to exert pressure
in the proper circles, or a juicy investigation can be
arranged as a trap for the overly well informed investiga-
tor, resulting in his death or public embarrassment.

Finally, one will always find investigators who come
to the wrong conclusions, persistently, coherently and
with a plausible air of logic and accuracy that often leads
to them being hailed as correct. This may include mono-
maniacal scientists and debunkers of genuine supernatural
activity, occultists convinced that mystical influence is
involved every time they turn a street corner, conspiracy
theorists searching for the truth behind Jack the Ripper,
members of the church desperately in search of divine
influence and young ex-policemen trying to establish
themselves as expert consultants in the field. Such inves-
tigators can make excellent long-term allies—or, rather,
cat's-paws, agents and disinformers — and help establish
current levels of superstition or rationality.

Vampires should always be careful, however. Once

CHAPTER FOUR: STORIES OF THE AGE



Chapter Irives
Victorian
Characters

Laila bf a Of Tap chan t,
PUL AD
om cw x
Pee aa

tional pas f 4
Wa

ties for this

acd brs, fro é-

riled fr into ee | the

sth OG th geet 056 who

alli the dees in tran-
af ioe wee OF a hast ie, lo,

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

A

The Misbegotten

The thirteen major clans all claim descent from Antediluvian founders.
While most vampires belong to one of them, not all do, nor does a distinct
identity in the form of blood-borne aptitudes and vulnerabilities depend on
a known founder of the Third Generation. Breeding begets oddity. Illicit
Embraces coupled with arcane rituals, manipulation and secret agendas have
resulted in strange, distinctive bloodlines. These Misbegotten in turn pass
their new traits on to new childer, and the distinctions of bastardy become
stronger with each new generation.

The Misbegotten aren't a new occurrence within Kindred society. Their
genesis isn't contemporary to these Victorian nights; many of them have been
around for centuries. Like the clans of Kindred that claim an Antediluvian
progenitor, they find that the mist-enshrouded evenings of the late half of the
19th century presents them with both new possibilities and new dangers.

The clanless Caitiff have no single founder at all and carry no clear
legacy. They are merely abandoned childer of the existing clans. As such, they
are the nadir of vampiric society. Precisely because they start outside the
accepted community of vampires, if they are clever and resourceful, the
Orphans have a chance, however slim, among the faceless throng of Indus-
trial Europe and the New World. The sheer size of the cities works for them,
as does society's strict class structure. Among the kine of New York and
Philadelphia, an Orphan's chance to make her fortune and remake her
history looms large. Just as a mortal woman can throw a bastard in Boston and
arrive in San Francisco a war widow, so can an Orphan change her fortunes
and burst into the New York night with a fabricated history and a mysterious,
darkly continental-sounding title, and few Kindred would be wiser. She needs
style, cunning and flexibility, but the Orphans have proven their adaptability
more than once. Who notices the occasional disappearance of an impover-
ished workhouse boy or a tenement prostitute? Who's going to believe a
blighter who claims to have been attacked by a fanged, clawed monster?
Fantastical explanations for evil have given way to the practical and scientific
because, after all, this is an age of industry and enlightenment. People might
speak in hushed, frightened whispers about Springheel Jack, but they don't
believe in him. They believe in Red Jack, the butcher of Whitechapel.

The Daughters of Cacophony fit comfortably in this age. The vagabond
lifestyle of the performer or street orator is easily married to the nocturnal
nature of the undead. No one questions the diva who sleeps during the day
and arrives in her dressing room moments before the overture. In fact, it is
expected. It isn't unusual for a small group of loyal retainers to gather around
her, all the better for the undetected movement and help ghoulish underlings
provide to the undead. The more dire, dread and unusual consequences of a
Daughter's song may be explained away by the maladies of the age: melancho-
lia fueled by boredom and stilled with laudanum can easily disguise the
dangerous aftermath of a Daughter's power.

Other Kindred might disdain the Daughters, for they move the most
easily among the kine. While a Toreador might play with its food, a Daughter
will play for her food, then delicately slaughter it as a late supper. She might
sweep onto the glittering London stage or the ethereally prestigious boards of
opera houses from Paris to Vienna. A Daughter might lift her voice to the
Gothic arches of the famed Salzburg Abbey or the high rosetta windows of


Notre Dame. She might stand at the Speakers' Corner in
London's Hyde Park to give voice to her opinions with
lucid eloquence. She may be the guest of honor at
musicales performed to a few notable guests in intimate,
elegant salons. She might find herself in the American
West, performing Verdi's La Traviata for rough miners,
who for an just an evening will sit motionless, enraptured
by her skill. A Daughter's voice is a passport of sorts, a
finely engraved invitation into the halls of notoriety and
adoration and a beautifully memorable carte de visite to
those she leaves behind enraptured.

Kindred fear these witches of melody and rhetoric
because their gift can so literally damage any vampire
within earshot of their voices, without a single touch. Yet
their gift is so entrancing, it's nearly impossible to ignore.
One may see the strands of the web hanging and the
spider sitting in wait, but the sweet strains of melody or
the hypnotic words of enticement which seduce the
victim to lie down willingly in the web's sticky strands
are a gift of love and a sermon before dying.

The Gargoyles are the perfect physical and social
illustration of "old" versus "new." Slaves to the little-
trusted Tremere, the Gargoyles are a subjugated race
among Kindred, but a few of them have taken up revolu-
tionary thoughts as well. The question for freedom is a
dangerous, heady game, one that few Gargoyles win, but
those who have won inspire others to try. If their status
of servant isn't bad enough, the entirety of their visage is
a mythical anachronism. They find themselves travers-
ing a twilight mortal world of science and reason while
everything about their existence, starting with the very
skin covering their bones, is the medieval world mani-
fest. Their obvious supernatural appearance can't possibly
be explained. In times past the kine who saw the visage
of a Gargoyle named it "demon" and ran to their priests
in fear and dread. In these Victorian nights, kine may
fear, but they search for a reasonable explanation to
support their ingenious, methodical counterattack. An-
cient kine and modern kine alike might react with fear,
but the Victorian disbelieves the superstition apparent
before her eyes while still searching for a way to deal with
it swiftly.

The Kiasyd are quite at peace with the times. Their
natural gentility and their artless manners are reflected
in the social attitudes of contemporary middle and upper
classes. These Kindred are the keepers of knowledge, the
hoarders of artifacts and historians of ancient mysteries,
and they now find themselves in an era where the study
of old mysteries has been reinvigorated by new enthusi-
asm and newer, more revolutionary theories and methods.
If the world is an enigma to these reticent Kindred, they
still traverse it with cautious ease, an aloof clarity and an

utter sense of detachment. They are coolly logical, un-
failingly well mannered and ruthlessly though clinically
competitive with each other. They stand in relation to
other intellectual Kindred as Mycroft Holmes does to his
more worldly brother Sherlock: the composed dissector
of enigmas, content to lock himself away from the world
at large, in contrast to those who passionately immerse
themselves in the world.

Victorian Kiasyd have better tools than they ever
dreamed of in past ages with which to cache and catalog
the wealth of knowledge they collect. That's good,
because the Scarlets, more than any other Kindred,
realize that their survival is tied to mortal intellectual
advancement. They've catalogued it, haven't they? They
know how the kine have affected their own environment
thus far, and they realize that all histories are intercon-
nected somehow. They amuse themselves by making
quaint wagers and engaging in frosty discourse over the
direction in which the cattle will take their planet.
Industrial marvels instill in them both a sense of terror
and a sense of wonder, being objects dangerous to the
Kiasyd in their own persons thanks to an inherited
vulnerability to iron and embodying the forces for change
which hold Kiasyd attention.

Although the dread Salubri prefer solitude (and
considering their status as pariahs, that's not surprising),
the Victorian nights prove somewhat kinder and more
welcoming to them than bygone eras. Mystical societies
are fashionable, and so is dabbling in other occult prac-
tices. The Theosophical movement is in full bloom,
opening new bridges of thought between the disciplines
of dialectic, philosophy, sophistry, occultism and reli-
gion. Many of the creative thinkers, writers and artists of
the day are openly dabbling in occult practices with no
loss of respectability or reputation whatsoever. The read-
ing of Tarot cards, tea leaves and hazelnuts is a tea-time
pastime, and an evening's séance is as popular as a poetry
reading or a musicale in the finest of salons, much to the
amusement of the lords and ladies who move through
them. In such a mystic-friendly atmosphere, the enig-
matic Salubri find acceptance, even rarified devotion.
Among the Kindred, the Salubri may still need to hide
their faces, may still have to shield themselves from the
fearsome appellation of "Soul-Eater," but among the
kine, they have found a kinder and gentler exile. Among
the kine they are named "Spiritualist" and "Mesmerist."
(They cannot risk breaking the Masquerade, but their
facility with the occult affords them the ability to hide in
plain sight.) Fear exists, yes, but also respect, admiration
and adoration.

The horrid Samedi are increasing their numbers
carefully, and they too find unique opportunities for

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


advancement. These skull-visaged terrors are prized, if
feared, by other Kindred as assassins and for their facility
with the darker aspects of voudon, or Voo-Doo. Vam-
pires with enemies to blight seek their favors, if not their
council. More, as with the Salubri, the Samedi find
Victorian kine to be a thoroughly acceptable blend of
reason with superstition. Kine have indeed learned to
manipulate the world of daytime, but they haven't yet
conquered their superstition about the night. (That's not
to say they are helpless: mortal tools of self-preservation
have progressed far beyond the sticks and torches, pitch-
forks and pyres of nights past.)

These mortals may fear death, may try to avoid it, but
they have also become fascinated with it. Victorians are
preoccupied, indeed obsessed, with death and its rituals.

They have no sire, they have few champions, they
have no standing. Abandoned by their sires, they don't
usually last long. They know little about what they are
and even less of survival. The laws of the Kindred are
never taught to them. What they learn of the Masquer-
ade, they learn on their own. The simple act of acquiring
the sustenance of vitae is the most dangerous thing of all
to them, because while feeding is instinctive, feeding
undetected is not.

Known Caitiff have little standing. They might gain
a measure of respect for their abilities, if, in this age of
self-made men, they can prove themselves useful. Still,
prejudice against Kindred of no specific lineage is very
strong. A Kindred who remains honest about her clanless
standing has standing barely above that of a ghoul, like
a downstairs maid, without recourse or redress against
slight or abuse. She will be relegated to the menial tasks
that the lords and ladies of distinctive clan lineage
disdain. If she is inventive and successful in these tasks,
if she shows that she can serve with loyalty, she might
attain some small favor in the eyes of the Kindred
oligarchy, but she will likely never be allowed to forget
her place. After all, even a favor owed can prove lethal,
if your betters resent owing it.

Nicknames: Orphans, Charity Childer

Appearance: An Orphan may look like anyone at
all, depending entirely on what her sire was up to when

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Sys

They take loving parlor photographs of deceased rela-
tives as they lie in the repose of oblivion. One can buy
postcards of soldiers lying dead on Civil War battlefields
and of executed criminals with open, staring eyes. Greet-
ing cards feature dead children arranged in heartrending
poses. Perambulations to the cemetery, where head-
stones are washed and picnic lunches taken among the
monuments, are weekly rituals. The pallor of death is
widely considered ethereally beautiful. Along with this
obsession with the recently departed exists the phobia
that one might be interred before the spark of life is
extinguished. Intricate mechanical devices such as the
"Batson's Belfry" are erected over new-made graves so
that those buried alive can alert passersby to their plight
and be rescued. The Samedi find this obsession a fertile
ground for recruitment.

he Embraced her and on her own preferences. Her
physical features reflect those of her unknown sire. The
only rule of appearance among the clanless is that they
have no rules.

Haven: Resourcefulness is the key. An Orphan can
literally make her haven anywhere, or at least try to. Her
choices are usually determined by the social role she's
adopted. If she's pretending to lineage she doesn't have,
and if she has the money to spare, she might remain in
her own rooms or might absorb the apartments and the
identity of one of her victims. Those who prefer the
sanctuary of crowds might hide among the lower recesses
of a city's tenements, madhouses, brothels or work-
houses, seeking the safety of anonymity.

Background: An Orphan can literally have been
anyone during her breathing life. Her Embrace, was, after
all, a cruel joke perpetrated upon an ill-prepared, unsus-
pecting mortal. Was her Embrace a callous parting tip to
a prostitute, the bad joke played on a raving lunatic, or
was it subtly malicious revenge on the daughter of an old
enemy? No limitations exist except those that players
and Storytellers agree upon for a particular chronicle.

Character Creation: Her flexibility is what allows
an Orphan to survive. Her background possibilities are
limitless, so it stands to reason that she should be able to
pick from a wide array of skills without being truly
outstanding in any one thing. This depends largely on


who the Orphan is in life and how clever she is in playing
the part she's created for herself. Mental and Physical
Attributes are helpful — Orphans are likely to need
them — but Social Attributes are useful in carrying out
the delicate necessity of pretending to be someone she is
not. It helps to have a good deal of Wits, Streetwise,
Subterfuge, Awareness and Alertness.

Clan Disciplines: Pick any three as "clan" disci-
plines for purposes of experience points, as described
below under "Weakness." (Default to Fortitude, Potence
and Presence.)

Weakness: Orphans may choose from any of the
Disciplines at character creation, but advancement is
costly. Raising Disciplines costs 6 x Current Rating in
experience points. Further, known Caitiff have difficulty
"making friends." This social stigma causes the Orphan
in question to make any Social check at a difficulty of +2,

unless interacting with other Or-

phans. Conversely, if the

Orphan is choosing to pur-

vey a ruse identity, she will

make a Subterfuge diffi-

culty check at +2, which if

y successful will negate

this "aloofness" with
that particular
Kindred or
group of Kin-

re dred. This
check needs

to be made
every time the
disguised Orphan

encounters a

new group she

wishes to im-

press.
Organiza-
tion: The

Orphans have

no organized re-
dress or
authority.
Quote
(kneeling over
the
body of the
rent-boy she's
just slaugh-
tered,

drawn

with hot, fresh blood smeared over her bruised, bitten
lips and drooling down her chin onto the white linen of
his shirt): Sweet Jesus, what have I done?

Stereotypes

Camarilla:. Damn, do they have to be so
falsely cheerful with us? If U hate their arrogance, |
positively loathe their hypocrisy. Oh, they smile in
our faces, but sneer patronizingly at our "poor
orphaned state" behind their hands. Have | not
proved myself worthy of much notice? Do they
acknowledge this? I have done my duty, but do they
praise me for it? I have faithfully performed every
stinking service they've deemed too mean with
which to sully their fine, kid gloves, but do they
thank me? And if I am their lapdog, to be fed scraps
and kenneled until they need my teeth, won' t they
just be surprised to find those fine, sharp teeth
buried to the gums in their unsuspecting throats?

— Freddy Gage, Charity Childe to Alfred
Covington Lord Blaisdel, the Minster [Minis-
ter?] of York

Sabbat: They take us in, if they don't debase
or murder us, to be soldiers in their Grand Army
against the oppressors of old blood, but they don't
give us any more standing than those they name as
slaves of the Old Ones. We still die, and they still
goonas before, happily smiling in congratulation to
one another in councils we are never meant to
witness, that they of pure ‘anti' lineage, aren't the
first to fall in the fray.

— Ettore Gianesco, Orphan of Siena

The View from Without

The Camarilla

I did not let dogs at the table in life and do not
propose to let these dogs of Kindred at my table
now. They have no style, no etiquette, no grace and
no prospect of proving useful to me. Let the servants
watch the silver untilave clear these rabble away.

— Artemis Wylde-Whitney, Esquire, To-
reador courtier, London

The Sabbat

They can be adequate fodder for the cannons,
I suppose, if the proper motivation is applied. Better
them than us.

— John Stanley, Lasombra Bishop, New
York

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


The Kindred of the Voice are at the height of their _ tetic actors, snake oil salesmen and cheapjacks, anyone
accomplishment and popularity. Opera is the highest with an affecting voice can be gifted with a Daughter's
form of Victorian entertainment, popular among the Embrace.

working classes as well as their social betters.
Popular music of the day has ceased merely to
evoke feelings in the listener and has started to
carry stories of intrigue, beauty, lost love,
treachery and betrayal. A Daughter's voice
can grant her entrance from one side of
the world to the other, across the
evening scene of continents and coun- S\
tries. The soliloquies of Shakespeare,
Ibsen, Cheykov and Otway, the ideas
of Milton and Emerson and the revo- Ls,
lutionary words of Marxists and ZG
Feniansall gain power when some-
one speaks them well. Skillful use
of the voice changes the minds and
hearts of its audience through intonation,
intensity, melody and imagery. Victorian
Daughters of Cacophony can perform in
all these ways, for audi-
ences and victims all
too willing to fall under
their mysterious spell.

Actresses, opera singers and the
like often exist in vagabond ways.
Eccentricity, reticence and even a
little decadence aren't only accepted
among those of artistic bent, it's ex-
pected. It's not unusual for them to
stay out all night and to be "indis-
posed" during the day.

Not all Daughters are women.
They Embrace men as well, who
round out the Daughters' interest
to include politics, oration, rhetoric
and warfare as well as the artistic en-
deavor of music. Divas and

tenors, castrati and cantors, Uz
strolling players, peripa-

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Nickname: Chanteuse
Appearance: The Daughters don't have any
distinctive features other than their awe-inspiring
voices. Most Daughters are polite and well spoken
by the standards of the class and culture they've
chosen to dwell in.
Haven: Most Daughters instinctively

l/- seek out luxurious havens, whatever their

public personas: the inner recesses of the
poshest hotels, curtained rail cars,
townhomes or apartments in fashionable
minsters. Those who use their voices to
aN stir up rebellious sentiment might live
among the boardinghouses of bohe-
mian districts or in comfortable,
book-lined apartments where
young minds gather to plot
\ revolution and resistance.
Background: Daugh-
ters of Cacophony possessed
a distinctive voice in life. They
may have lived as professors, stu-
dents, barristers, poets or charming
young women with musical talent.
They may have been the illegitimate
sons or daughters of courtesans who
showed talent with pianoforte or in song.
A male of the bloodline might have
been Embraced from among the ranks
of young castrati, now twice cursed
to be forever young and
undeveloped. The
Embrace can be gifted
toa particularly col-
orful cheapjack,
costermonger or
packman byasire

©


impressed by his skill at using voice to manipulate kine.

Character Creation: Social Attributes are primary,
as are (depending on the character's individual history)
Acting, Music and Oratory. Strong grounding in Percep-
tion helps tocombat the bloodline's weakness of becoming
distracted by music or oratory.

Common Natures include Questor (for those pursu-
ing meaning and insight through their art), Artiste (for
those for whom the art itself is the point) and Futurist
(for those dreaming of changing the world through their
art). Outsiders are also common among the Scolds.
Daughters' Nature and Demeanor tend to one of two
extremes: the same, as their outer behavior truly reflects
their inner passions, or diametrically opposite, as they
conceal their true aims.

Many Daughters have multiple dots in Fame and
Herd thanks to their plentiful contacts with mortal
society.

Clan Disciplines: Fortitude, Melpominee, Presence

Weaknesses: Daughters of Cacophony, like the
Toreador who so raptly enjoy their gifts, are distracted by
their art, but while a Toreador will become entranced by
anything beautiful, a Daughter will become entranced by
the power of music or words. They are so attracted to it,

Stereotypes
Camarilla: Like tone-deaf dilettantes, they hear the song but never the music, the parts but never the
whole. They révere our talent, but they think we are harmless, a beautiful, terrible curiosity. They may be
surprised one day, for their ignorance and complacency.-may be their undoing and our sanctuary.
— Antoinette Dubois, 10th Generation Chanteuse of Paris
The Sabbat: Barbarians, mostly.
— Miss Dubois

A View from Without
The Camarilla

they hear the strains of it constantly, and it can become
a fatal distraction. They suffer a +1 difficulty penalty on
Perception checks while an interesting voice is within
earshot and can never have more than three dots in
Alertness.

Bloodline Prestige: Rumor says that Daughters im-
press one another with their tallies of Kindred driven
mad or destroyed thanks to the rival Daughters' music.
Certainly they compete to maintain the most lavish and
expansive mortal retinues.

Organization: The Daughters have no organization,
though sometimes two or more Daughters may find
themselves in company, invited to the same salon or
favored in patronage by the same Prince. During these
rare "visits," they find opportunity to lift their voices
together in beautiful and terrible melody, or to act
different parts in a fine work of the day. They use their
unique abilities with words to persuade, cajole or terror-
ize, and it's a wise Prince who uses these meetings for her
ownends. Daughters willingly listen to the counsel of the
older, more gifted members of the bloodline, better to
learn how to use Melpominee effectively.

Quote (as she walks out of the small room which
now contains a few babbling, staring, kine, a slight,
enigmatic smile playing across her lips): "Dear me."

Absolutely lovely. It draws forth the bloody tears from me even now. Let us pray that such talent never
serves unfortunate ends, as I would hate to have to destroy it.
— Artemis Wylde-Whitney, Esquire, Toreador courtier, London

The Sabbat

Gossamer girls with lilting voices? Meals in skirts, nothing more.
— Axel Von Anders, Brujah antitribu of Munich

Inconnu

Dinner? This evening after the performance? Alas, it is with regret that I must decline; for | am engaged
in minor matters of commerce, Miss Clementine, but please convey my sincerest regrets to the enchanting

mistress who sent this invitation.
— Alessandro D'Amati, Monitor of Milan

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


The Tremere created the Gargoyles to guard the
persons and property of the masters of Thaumaturgy, and
the Tremere are more than adequate to the task of
keeping their Guardian vassals servile by subtly feeding
the Guardians'
enough self-criticism in them about their appearance

-doubts and fears. The Tremere plant

and intelligence to make their slaves believe that their
place is with the Tremere, and it's hard to overcome such
a belief. Escaped Victorian Gargoyles are uncommon.
They find the world baffling and dangerous. Their mon-
strous looks do not allow them to pass through the throng
of kine easily, and if recaptured they will inevitably be
destroyed by their creators.

While travel from Europe to the Americas is not
impossible (see Chapter 6, p. 164), the logistics are not
easy. Those few Gargoyles who do make the crossing find
themselves in a world even more alien than the one they
left.

In both the Old World and the New, a fugi-
tive Gargoyle must find places to hide and most
avoid the company of any Kindred except other
escaped Gargoyles. It's unusual but not altogether
unprecedented for a Camarilla Prince to take in a

fugitive Gargoyle or two as a bodyguards or 2

The Prince would do it carefully and only for Gar-
goyles with important, useful abilities, for the

Magicians have a long and unforgiving memory

when slighted.

Enslaved Gargoyles are difficult to play: they
cannot act on their own and lack even rudimen-
tary standing in Kindred society. A Gargoyle
yearning for freedom but not yet escaped might
be a tragic figure with torments fascinating for the
player portraying him, but little potential exists for
interaction with anyone else.

Nicknames: Guardians

Appearance: The Guardians have the grue-
some visage of the stone guardians from whom
they take their name. The peculiar
magic that creates them brings forth
marked disfigurement in the form of
unsightly protrusions, stonelike skins

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

and vestigial horns. Their great, curved wings are horned
like a demon's. Guardians always have an Appearance
rating of 0, though they may retain some single feature
from their living appearance, if it was sufficiently strik-
ing. Jewel-like eyes of indescribable beauty and clarity in
a repulsive visage of a stone devil are the most common
sort of this feature. See the Humanity's Window Merit
(p. 155).

Advancement in
their bloodline's Dis-
cipline of Visceritika
intensifies a
Guardian's ugliness
but never erases the
one human feature.


Haven: Enslaved Gargoyles reside in Tremere
chantries. Free Gargoyles shelter where they can, in any
place that allows them ease of access and where few
prying eyes look. In the Old World, catacombs, ruined
castles and subway tunnels all serve, while in the New
World caves and railroad tunnels are the most common
havens.

Background: Almost all Gargoyles come from one
of three origins: bred from captive vampires by the
Tremere to serve as a bodyguard or assassin, escaped and
looking for sanctuary, or Embraced by an existing Gar-
goyle as a companion, good luck charm or other object of
significance to the sire.

Character Creation: Physical attributes are a
Guardian's primary weapons. Talents are also important
to a Guardian's raison d'étre, so, they too will be strong.
Appearance is always 0. Guardians begin a Victorian
chronicle with a Flight rating of 1. No Gargoyle can be
of older generation than the generation of the vampire
from which he was created, unless they gain generation
through diablerie. (This is highly unlikely, as they are too
bound to a "chain of command" to be easy diablerists.)
No Gargoyle can have been created or Embraced before
1167, when the Tremere made the first Guardians.
Logical Natures and Demeanors for free Gargoyles in-
clude Outsider and Fatalist. Gargoyles may have unusually

Stereotypes

high Humanity and Self-Control ratings as a result of
their commitment to duty.

Disciplines: Fortitude, Potence, Visceritika, Flight

Weaknesses: Guardians are easily Dominated by
other Kindred. They make all Willpower checks against
mind-affecting Disciplines at +2 difficulty. Gargoyles
created by the Tremere lose all memory of their earlier
existence, and Gargoyles Embraced by others of their
kind suffer widespread and deep-ranging memory loss as
well.

Organization: Guardians have no formal organiza-
tion, but freed bond servants do seek out others of their
kind. Although free Gargoyles are uncommon, within
this small sphere, it's not unusual for them to congregate
in secret. Here they can share knowledge, share the use
of Disciplines, teach martial techniques and impart sur-
vival secrets. This is easiest for Guardians with
mountainous havens or for those who make their havens
in catacombs and underground tunnels.

Bloodline Prestige: Guardians earn each other's
respect through faithful service and successful acts of
heroism and protection. Free Gargoyles retain these
goals and add to them honor for successful interference
with Tremere schemes.

Quote (looking out the casement and up into the
night sky): It looks endless, doesn't it? I've a mind to try it.

The Camarilla: The primogen is a danger, Highness: She does not respect you, Even now, | can tell that she
smiles to you and plots against you in secret. It is a feeling. Tell me that 1 may save you from her intrigues, Sire? If

so, the deed will be done this eve.

— Cedric, Guardian of Prince Angus, Edinburgh, Scotland

Animals, stupid animals, we are still these. We merely serve a different Master of Hounds.

— Malachai, Free Guardian, Freehold of Ironbridge, the Midlands, England

The Sabbat: They embrace all we seek to leave behind us. See how they treat their revenants, and while we are

Kindred, they will treat us no. better.
— Malachai

A View from Without
The Camarilla

These monsters are adanger to us: Once they have set their stony faces against you, you have no hope. Runand
hide. Beware walking alone in the night, for they can swoop down and you'll never be the wiser, in no more time than
it takes for a grain of sand to stain the bottom of the hourglass.

— Geoffrey Talleboise, Ventrue, Avignon
The Sabbat

Strong they are, but stupid, and their presence is unbalancing tous, for they were created by the Magicians and
we all know the worth of their bond. Their love for the Elders of perdition is no help to us, either.

— Bela Kardoza, Brujah antitribu, Budapest

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


No Kindred, not even the Sabbat with whom these
Misbegotten align themselves, know the true origin of
the Kiasyd. They're reticent to the point of shyness
anyway, and it's hardly seemly to let just anyone and
everyone know all about one's family tree. The Scarlets
— the nickname compares them to Oxford and Cam-
bridge dons, who favor red robes of office — don't really
like to socialize, but they do realize the importance of
staying abreast of the times. They look for rare books and
manuscripts, ancient tomes and the latest fiction, any-
thing that catches their fancy and whets their appetite
for enlightenment.

Nickname: Scarlets

Appearance: The Kiasyd have luminously white
complexions, with the texture of flawless alabaster. In
moonlight, they actually glow a faint icy blue for the rest
of the evening after feeding; they try not to let other
Kindred see this. They are tall, sometimes reaching as
high as seven and half feet, although six to six and a half
feet is more common. Their eyes are completely black
without any visible white at all; they usually hide these
disturbing features behind heavily tinted glasses and
generally appreciate current fads for such spectacles
among fashionable mortals.

Most Kiasyd dress in the style of gentry, without flash
or fashion but with all the craftsmanship they can afford.

Havens: Kiasyd nest in any secluded place that can
house their vast collections of weird knickknacks, books
and scrolls. Some Kiasyd like to den in the lower recesses
of libraries and schools, but those are brave indeed,
risking uninvited interruptions. Kiasyd seek servants
who wish to live solitary, scholarly lives.

Kiasyd consider it poor manners to make their ha-
vens near one another. As they gain prestige within their
bloodline through the sheer size of their artful gathering
of books and things, no two Kiasyd will willingly make
their havens in the same area. Two or more may share the
same city, if that city has obvious, separated districts, but

'

27 hg

that's the extent of the Kiasyd's tolerance toward any of
their brethren encroaching upon their jealously guarded
territories.

Background: Kiasyd sires choose mortals who are
intelligent and introspective, whatever their class. The
self-taught member of the working class is as desirable a
potential neonate as a highly educated and learned
professor. Scholars, librarians, professors, museum cura-
tors and solitary theoreticians in mathematics, history
and archaeology make excellent choices for a Kiasyd's
mortal background.

Character Creation: Mental Attributes are pri-
mary, as are Knowledges or Skills. Mentors, Resources
and Generation are logical Backgrounds, and Kiasyd do
cultivate a very few, special Contacts, including rare
book dealers, elderly solicitors, brokers at auction houses,
archaeologists and other seekers of rare tomes and trin-
kets. Allies are rare, for the Kiasyd remain too solitary to
have "friends" on a level anywhere near their childer or
their specialized ghouls. Futurist and Conservative are
the most common Natures and Demeanors.

Disciplines: Dominate, Mytherceria, Obtenebration

Weaknesses: Cold iron is the bloodline's weakness.
Cold iron is pure iron, untempered by any Industrial Age
manufacturing process. It does not include alloys of iron,
such as Damascan steel. The Bessemer process of turning
iron ore into steel has made the Victorian nights easier
on the bloodline, if not altogether comfortable, for many
transports of the day were still derived directly from the
metal. The higher the content of pure iron, the more
difficulty the Kiasyd character has in controlling his
aversion to it.

Kiasyd suffer a +1 difficulty penalty to efforts at
resisting frenzy when cold iron is closer than one yard per
dot of Stamina the character possesses. Touching cold
iron calls for an immediate Frenzy check, with the +1
difficulty applied.


Organization: Most Kiasyd respect Sabbat rites as
Anglicans of grace and little real piety do the churches
they attend only at Yuletide, High Mass or Easter. Kiasyd
attend Esbat, share in the Vaulderie (usually wiping the
lip of the chalice with a good pocket handkerchief before
drinking from it) and make ready to leave at the end of
the service. A pack's Scarlet-in-residence may share an
enigmatic story or two but won't stay at these gatherings
for long.

Once every fifty years, all available Kiasyd meet
formally at the Great Symposium. Invitations go out up
to five years in advance of the event, to give the invitee
ample time to RSVP. Absence from these gatherings is a

mark of disfavor and an abject slight to the chosen host.
Only the sincerest and most dire excuses absolve the
transgressor of the sin of nonattendance. The partici-
pants vote on titles of honor by secret ballot; all coolly
covet these honors, which include rights of access to
others' collections and the highest honor of all, the
privilege of hosting the next Grand Symposium.

Bloodline Prestige: Kiasyd gain prestige by the
vastness and completeness of their archives. It's not
unusual for those attending a Great Symposium to carry
with them vast inventories of their caches, that they
might compare and diffidently gloat or reservedly lament
over their successes and failures.

Quote (reverently caressing the fine leather binding
ofa first edition copy of Lewis Carroll's Alice Through the
Looking Glass): See these illustrations? Tenniel in his prime.
And we may learn something from one who goes into the
places of her imagination seeking knowledge and finds herself
the alien element in an unfamiliar world. Dash it, be careful
with that.

Stereotypes

Camarilla: | use them when I must and
otherwise ignore them.
—The Honorable Roderick Phillips March,

Collectio Emeritus, Genus Vampiricus, Spe-
cies Kiasydum, Stoke-tpon-Kent

Sabbat: The Beast is a useful tool, butis such
an unbearable lack of civility necessary? As indi-
viduals, they are parvenu and their coteries are little
more than mere gatherings of plebes.

— Roderick Phillips March

The View from Without

The Camarilla

‘Ey, 00's that gent? No, not ‘im. ‘IM! The
togger what's comin' outter ‘er Ladyship Felicity's
knockin' shop. ‘Zit the moon, or is that blogger a bit
blue? ‘N, Ta, why's ‘e carryin' a bloody book?
Didn'tknow gents came down ‘aymarkettobloomin'
read!

— Peter Cleary, Brujah thug and fine-
wirer, Bristol

The Sabbat

Simply. put, the gentlemen know too much.
Left alone, I believe they might prove to be a fatal
error in judgment.

— Inachus Christos Baptiste, Lasombra
Monsignor, Athens


, AN
a I i I OI

Hunted for centuries, the Salubri now some-
times dare to hope that they may be able to
reenter at least the mortal world. Kin-
dred revile them as "Soul-Thieves"
thanks toa relentless propaganda cam-
paign initiated by the Tremere. Malicious _
and their
"crimes" abound. Even ancientallies loathe
them, thanks to rumors that long ago
took on a life of their own. The vast
majority of vampires couldn't begin
to explain what the Salubri might
ever have done wrong in particular;
they know merely that the third
eye can steal souls and that the

falsehoods about their genesis

Salubri have strange notions about
what spiritual health involves, re-
gardless of what the owner of a soul
may want for it.

This is a new age. New mystical
societies foster a marriage between
sm and metaphysics, seeing
ompatible rather than an-
tithetical. Because of this,
the Salubri have allies
among the kine who re-
vere their special gifts
rather than fear them. The
world is ready for healers and
sages and is willing to over-
look a lot of peculiarity for the sake
of wisdom in the midst of chaos.

empiric!

Nickname: Soul-Thieves

Appearance: The Prophets can
look like any Victorian. They tend to
affect the dress of the lower classes while
in public, the better to lose themselves
among the throng. Since the bloodline
chooses its singular childer carefully,
members of the Salubri can be young or
old, male or female, and come from any

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

ethnic background available in a diverse world that's
smaller since the advent of Industrial Age travel.
Salubri develop their defining physical fea-
ture, the dreaded third eye, upon mastering the
second level of Obeah. When closed, the
third eye resemblesa healed scar, though
Salubri prefer not to take chances
and conceal it under hats and
scarves whenever possible. When
open, the third eye marks the
Salubri as one of the soul-steal-
ing fiends of vampiric legend, a
thing for other vampires to flee or
destroy. Rumor ascribes many pow-
ers to the eye beyond simple
soul-stealing, and Storytellers and
‘players should feel free to add to
this body of legend. A secret means
of communication? The stigmata
of a pact with the devil? The vis-
ible mark of diablerie? Someone in
Cainite society believes all of these
and more, and whenever other
vampires spot a Salubri, all the
stories come out for discussion.
Haven: One may well finda
Salubri living under the protec-
tion of the head of the local
Theosophical Society, as such
a person would revere the en-
lightened Mesmerist. (See
Chapter One, p. 25.) These
kine might revere the Salubri
as a prophet, gifted psychic or
medium, and many would
willingly donate both blood
and service. More tradi-
tional Salubrifind shelter
in isolated villages, far
away from the do-
#48

mains of hostile


Kindred; with the relentless advance of the railroad and
the telegraph, however, such places are rapidly disap-
pearing. The Salubri, with their inherent understanding
of the workings of mortals, realize that their integration
into the cities is unavoidable and turn their thoughts
toward ways of accomplishing this without compromis-
ing their safety.

Background: Salubri very rarely create childer. When
they do, they choose them carefully, seeing it as the
culmination of work of their unlives. Salubri choose
mortals they believe to be of exceptional value to hu-
manity. This doesn't mean that these individuals are
humane, merely that they have given something to hu-
manity that the Salubri find worthwhile. Such a mortal
might, for instance, be a physician of great skill who
tirelessly researches the cure to some ill-understood
malady but experiments coldly, gruesomely and unfeel-
ingly upon the lower classes, believing that the end
justifies the means.

Character Creation: It's unlikely Salubri will have
physical attributes as primary. They don't choose to
Embrace childer with violent tendencies. Prophets also
frown on dishonesty or chicanery, so social skills such as
Manipulation are also deemphasized. Mental Attributes
are primary. Mesmerist characters tend to have Natures
and Demeanors that align with views toward humanity.
Salubri must begin play with at least three dots in
Generation, and many also have one more dot's worth of
Herd. Salubri may have Contacts, Allies and Retainers
from among the kine.

Stereotypes
Camarilla and Sabbat: They are piteously wrong, wrong about everything, and a danger to all Kindred.
— Eurayle Gelasia Mylonas, Penitent Prophet, Thessolaniki

The View from Without
The Camarilla

Disciplines: Auspex, Fortitude, Obeah

Weaknesses: Prophets do not feed from those who
will not give their blood to them willingly. Should a
willing vessel decide, during the act, that he is not as
willing as he thought, the Salubri loses one Willpower
for continuing to feed. At the Storyteller's discretion, a
Salubri who feeds from any unwilling vessel may need to
make a Humanity check, and loses one level if it fails.

Organization: Isolated and scattered, the Salubri
have no real organization. In addition, their pursuit of
Golconda carries with it the necessity to travel far across
the globe in search of enlightenment. The Salubri's
unlife would be lonely indeed if not fora marked attempt
among those of the bloodline to remain connected to
one another in whatever fashion available to them. Even
allowing for the convenience of Industrial Age commu-
nications devices, such as telegraphs and Mr. Bell's
interesting new apparatus, the Salubri prefer to write
long, conversant letters. In addition, all Mesmerists
usually maintain journals, which are passed on from sire
to childe throughout the centuries.

Quote: The pain of the ages is not obvious on your face,
young one, but it is there, I know. I can hear it in the echoes
set by your silences, I can smell it on your hands and in your
clothes. Seek forgiveness for your sins and they shall be
forgiven, if your heart attains purity. Do not listen to the false
ones, the liars and the whisperers. I seek not to collect your
soul, only to aid you in cleansing it. Only through the
redemption of forgiveness can a child of Caine know the
eternal peace that eludes most.

Good heavens. I knew that Monsieur Noir was somethingunusual, but never suspected ... surely someone

will attend to him now that he's been exposed.

— Lady Elisabeth Winton, Ventrue, Manchester

The Sabbat

The Pariahs spit in the face of our father; Caine, with their ceaseless prattle of "redemption," and their
only wish appears to be a desire to be slaughtered like sheep. To spare them is to truck with blasphemy. Grant

them their wish.

— Lavinia Carew, Lasombra Ductus, London


Mysterious even to other vampires, the Samedi are _ the Ghedi will lose this pallor and her flesh will rot,
secretive practitioners of voudon (or as many Victorians although this takes longer than it would in the typical
in Britain and America would have it, Voo-Doo). Cer- states of mortal death. A Ghedi's outward appearance
tainly the history of the Samedi is intimately bound up degenerates through the same forensic stages that a
with the spread of slaves and their religions, which came mortal's body does, acquiring the look and smell of
together in the synthesis that is voudon, and until petrified carrion. Over centuries, their bodies can dry,
recently the Samedi did not Embrace white people. and they may come to resemble mummified corpses

As trade and travel bring distant lands closer, the _ without their wrappings.

Samedi become more diversified. As far as the Samedi Haven: The Ghedi cannot blend easily in with the
are concerned, this is in part highly just andentertaining kine, thanks to their appearance and stench. Victorians
payback for generations of wrongs inflicted on their may be interested in death, but they are frightened by
ancestors. It's fine to have the power to gift the daughter monsters. The intermediate levels of Obfuscate do allow
of a French or English former sugar plantation owner in them a measure of interaction with Kindred and kine
Barbados with the visage of death for an eternity, andto _ alike, by visual and olfactory chicanery, but not until the
visit the Embrace upon a former Confederate overseer or third level can they actually present a face to the world
a European-born slave trader. In America the Samedi other than the ghastly one that is their truth. This
concentrate in the slums of large Northern cities and _ setback limits their choice of haven until the appropriate
ghettos in former slave states, while in Europe they _ level of Obfuscate develops.

cluster wherever poverty and outcast status provide Victorian undertakers practice a necessary but ig-
sanctuary — mostly in Italy so far, but they're moving noble calling. It is not a profession for the gentry. While
into France and England as well. a measure of scientific understanding is necessary to

Nickname: Loa practice it, embalming is not wide-

Appearance: Victorians say that the Ghedi are _ spread in Europe, especially
"blasted" and "grotesque." They look like rotting or | oe where fascination with pre-
desiccated corpses. Upon the Embrace, a Samedi childe * mature burial flourishes.
loses her nose completely. Her eyes sink into their . Clogs Even the gentry and aris-
sockets and her lips shrink back from her teeth. * 7 _ tocracy might choose to be
Newly made Samedi can sometimes still conform 7 7", 2 buried without an embalm-
to the Victorian notion of the strange beauty Jag s ‘Ingbeing performed.
inthe pallorof death. Soon, how- Undertakers,
ever, just as a 7 therefore, usually
body decom- live among the
poses, S working classes

and


even the criminal element. This class ostracization makes
it easier for the Ghedi to make their havens near and
sometimes in the basement workshops of an undertaker's
abode. It also affords a chance to keep their ear to the
ground of the underworld and to move, if not with ease,
with practiced, purposeful care among these classes.

Other choices of havens might include cemeteries
(obviously), mausolea (ditto) and even "Chamber of
Horrors" and "Ripley's Believe It or Not!" type museums.
All the Samedi really needs is a place to sleep and kine
too frightened of an ultimately lifelike "exhibit" to
examine it very closely; the museum's eccentric owner or
fascinated custodian might be made a loyal retainer.
Finally, some Ghedi make their homes among the immi-
grant ghettos of their city, a tendency that might cause
them to choose a port city rather than a landlocked one.

Background: Victorian Ghedi draw their childer from
among the ranks of the underclasses and the professions that
deal with death and the dead. A member of this bloodline
might be an Embraced mortician who gets more than
altruistic satisfaction from his work, a scholar who studies
ancient burial rituals with zeal, someone of any class suffer-
ing from suicidal depression or a violent criminal.

Stereotypes

Quote: I see that you are interested in the states of le
Morte. I shall aid you in your studies.

Character Creation: The bloodline's facility with
the application of the distinctive discipline Thanatosis
necessitates a fascination with the study of the stages of
death. Mental attributes will therefore be primary, as will
Knowledges. Samedi often choose Natures and Demean-
ors from among such archetypes as Bon Vivant (those
who know the shallowness of life and unlife and don't
care), Fatalist (those who see all going into dark any-
way), Deviant (the freaks of society) and Monster
(society's terrifying, supernatural nemesis), but any that
fits an individual character's concept is acceptable.

Disciplines: Necromancy, Obfuscate, Thanatosis

Weakness: A Ghedi's monstrous visage and repul-
sive odors permanently reduce her Appearance to 0.

Organization: Ghedi who inhabit the same city
meet occasionally in graveyards and the basement re-
cesses of undertakers' workshops. Here they share secrets,
air grievances, plan shared revenge, practice their reli-
gious rites and exchange information relevant to their
collective safety.

Camarilla: They are as cruel and self-absorbed as the Masters what laid open the flesh of our backs when
we worked their sugar fields, cooked their puddings or built their canals , and didn'tdo it fast or well enough for
their likin'. They'll seek our charms, our curses and our vengeance, and they won" know; all the while, that
we can gather the same charms against them and seek the Baron's aid in besting ‘em:

— Tanginé of Swan's Rest, Des Allemande Parish, Louisiana, daughter of Josette, Mambo of
Capetown, Jamaica

Sabbat: Like us, they know how to keep their secrets. We must avoid fighting them at all costs, because,
unless we prepare, unless we have the darkest aspects of the Baron's favor on our side, we'll lose.

— Abebe, Portsmouth, daughter of Mandisa, Mambo Brigitte of Bridgetown, Barbados

The View.from Without

The Camarilla

Look like fly-blowncrappers, they do, left up to swinga fortnight before the cuttin' down, and the buggers
smell like the middin' on an ‘ot day. That's sayin' much, comin' from me, as it does.

— Bully Billy Four Fingers, Nosferatu, Brighton

The Sabbat

Masterfully twisted, I believe they put our most monstrous machinations to shame! Though I must admit
discomfort at the thought of placing my lips on a chalice from which one has imbibed.

— Angelo Bienvenido Aznar y Castille, Malkavian antitribu, Archbishop of Madrid

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


Character Traits

Game mechanics are a means to the end of
roleplaying. They matter because they shape the process
of play, but they are not fundamentally the point. To
help you use them to build and play characters most
effectively in Victorian Age: Vampire, this section of
the chapter looks at the Victorian environments the
mechanics reflect, how they differ from the modern-day
and how they differ for the living and the undead.
Remember that characters do not instantly grasp all the
implications of their new abilities, since it takes time to
discover what they can do and shed expectations based
on a life now past.

The Sounds of the Time

When describing your character's actions, keep in
mind that she doesn't think of herself as "kicking the crap
out of someone." She is "engaging in fisticuffs," "purveying
acts of pugilism," or "brawling in an unseemly, unladylike
way." When your Victorian gentleman, who also happens
to be Kindred, goes to a brothel or Hell-Fire club to get him
some, he is "knockin' a dollymop," and if your character
likes to "give oaths," as the Victorians called curse words,
use period curses and replace "I kick his fucking head in"
with "I crop his bleedin' block off."

Slang used badly can interfere with players' ability to
concentrate on the game or maintain a good sense of
their characters' personality, particularly if it's slang that
has nothing at all to do with Victorian usage. Monty
Python and Mary Poppins do not belong to the Victo-
rian Age: Vampire milieu. On the other hand, slang
used well can enhance the mood for everyone, and it's
worth cooperating and exercising a little patience and
forgiveness as players practice.

Period literature provides excellent examples, and
the library and World Wide Web contain plenty of
commentaries on how Victorian usage in various classes
evolved over time. A little bit of homework can help you
adda fresh dimension to your portrayal of your character.

Resist the impulse to engage in deliberately bad
French. Some British speakers of the Victorian era did,
but as an expression of contempt which you don't need
to adopt for yourself even when playing a character who
has that attitude. "A thousand Wogs, a hundred Frogs
equals one Englishman" summed up their thoughts on
the matter; you can remember that they were wrong.

Your Character in a Changing World

The Victorian world seems strange and scary in impor-
tant ways to almost everyone in it, whether they admit it or

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

not. Even those responsible for key social, technical and
political innovations discover unexpected consequences,
and everyone else learns of new possibilities only as the
torrent of change descends. Older vampires find it all
terribly baffling; most try either to hide away from it all or
to Embrace childer capable of functioning in the 19th
century and therefore acting as interpreters for their sires.
Old applications of familiar knowledge may no longer
matter, and characters who wish to understand what they
can know and do now must constantly practice. It's very
easy indeed to under- or overestimate the risks new chal-
lenges pose, and likewise to over- or underestimate one's
own ability to keep harm at bay.

Abilities in Depth

Victorian Age: Vampire abilities generally work
the same way as their modern counterparts even though
the details have changed greatly. An accountant still
relies on Intelligence + Finance to balance the books
despite the many differences in accounting practice, and
firing a gun still requires Dexterity + Firearms whether
the pistol fires black powder or 21st-century ammuni-
tion.

See below for discussion of specific differences in the
meaning of abilities where it may affect roleplaying and
mechanics, along with the differences noted in Victo-
rian Age: Vampire itself. Also keep the following
principles in mind.

© Secondary Abilities. Secondary Abilities are eso-
teric and specific. They are added as separate abilities to
your character sheet, not as subsets of an existing broader
category. They refer to small but highly distinctive
bodies of knowledge and practice which don't tidily fit
with the broader existing abilities.

© Specialties. Specialties are subsets of existing
Attributes and Abilities. The mechanics are simple:
characters who possess four or more dots in an Ability
can specialize in some specific aspect of it. Torture-
minded physicians with Medicine 4 can take Vivisection
as a specialty and receive a one-die bonus when it's time
to cut up living prisoners.

Specialties are almost always less cumbersome than
Secondary Abilities. Specialties allow for fine-tuning of
concepts without adding new rules or suggesting that
characters who haven't taken a whole new category of
knowledge or practice can't do it at all. The more
separate Abilities you include in your chronicle, the
more potential blind spots and gaps in characters' exper-
tise you create. Secondary Abilities do have a place, for
really exotic and distinct bodies of lore, but think care-
fully before multiplying them. Most, if not all, matters


often shunted onto Secondary Abilities can in fact be
described as new specialties for existing Abilities.
Whatever the case, it's most important for the play-
ers and Storytellers to make sure they share the same
understanding. More problems for play come from con-
flicting assumptions than from any specific choice.

Talents in Depth

Talents are intuitive pursuits, honed through practice
and experience. Your character has some innate aptitude,
developed to varying degrees over time thanks to regular
practice. Someone who is tone-deaf and someone who has

Wickets, Ditches and Creases

WE SD 7
never tried singing both begin without any dots in Perfor-
mance, but the latter has the prospect of improving much
more quickly than the former. (It is possible, with sufficient
determination, to overcome the absence of key features
generally important for a talent, but it's hard and unusual,
and the Storyteller is entirely justified in placing obstacles
in the way of the character's progress.)

In almost all cases, talents reflect potential your
character had in life, though possibly the potential went
unrecognized. Vampires seldom develop fundamentally
new aptitudes except of supernatural varieties directly
associated with the Curse of Caine and their legacy in the
blood.

No exploration of Victorian sporting is complete without at least trying to understand cricket's

complicated rules. These are a few of the essentials.

¢ Ball: Very much like a baseball, the cricket ball has a cork core wrapped with twine and covered in

leather.

¢ Batsman: The player who bats. Two batsmen of the same team take up positions on the field, one at

each wicket.

© Bat: A flat, paddle-shaped bat with a wicker handle.

¢ Bowler: The player who pitches the ball. Bowling is done in an underhanded or overhanded method,
without the elbow being bent. The bowler stands in the center of the field.

* Bowling Crease: A white line, eight feet and eight inches long, over which the wicket is centered.

¢ Fielders: The remaining nine players of the bowler and wicket keeper's team, who take up specific
positions on the field, there for the express purpose of fielding the ball when in play.

¢ Inning: A round of play. Victorian cricket has two full innings of play.

© Over: One series of six to eight tries in which the bowler attempts to knock the bails from the wickets.

* Pitch: The cricket field, measuring about 450 feet by 500 feet.

* Popping Crease: A four-foot white line, drawn in front of and parallel to the bowling crease.

© Umpires: Cricket officials who make decisions about the rules as play commences. The umpires
pronounce balls either dead of still in play, foul players and declare the legality or illegality of runs.

© Wicket: Gomparable to a base in baseball, the wicket is composed of three upright sticks, called
stumps, which are approximately 27 inches high. Balanced in slots on top of the stumps are the bails, two
wooden crosspieces each four inches in length. Two wickets are placed 66 feet apart in a straight line in the

center of the pitch (cricket field).

© Wicket Keeper: The player of the bowler's team whostands behind the batsman in play, and opposite
the bowler. He attempts to catch the ball when the bowler throws it.

The bowler tries to knock the bails off of the wickets with the ball. The batsmen of the opposing team
tries to protect the bails by batting the ball away from the wickets.

The bowler steps up to bowl, throwing'the ball at the wicket of the batsman currently at bat. He has six

to eight tries per over to knock the bails off of the wicket; an inning has an average of 50 overs. If the bowler
can't hit the bails, the batsman continues to bat. (This can literally go on for hours.) If the bowler does hit
the bails, or if the batsman hits a pop-fly, it's pronounced an out and the batsman is retired.

If the batsman successfully hits the ball away from the wicket, he and the other batsman run to each other's
opposing wickets, attempting to exchange places. If they succeed, it is a run, and they could continue toscore runs
up to six. (If the ball is hit out of the park, it's pronounced a six.) The bowler's team can stop the run with an out
by fielding the ball and getting it back to the wicket, trapping the running batsman between wickets midrun.

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


142
Athletics

Victorian sporting events differ from those of ages
past, and they differ vastly from country to country. From
the cross-class cricket to the aristocratic pastime of fox
hunting, from cross-country horse races in Britain and
America to steeplechase races like the Grand National,
athletics are more organized. "To the death" bare knuck-
les brawling of the lower classes in Britain, Ireland and
America is giving way to skill-based, regulation-oriented
Marquis of Queensbury Rules pugilism. What was once
a sport for plebes is now also a sport for gentlemen.

Football (what Americans then and now call soccer)
rules the day among the middle and working classes.
Rugby is just starting to gain popularity, with organized
leagues sprouting up across the British Isles, especially in
Ireland. Baseball is America's most popular sport, com-
manding the attention of all classes.

Some sports generally do take place at night, such as
indoor boxing competitions, and vampires may compete
alongside mortals if they're so inclined. Other activities
such as hunting generally take place during the day, but
night events are unusual rather than unheard of. Finally,
athletically minded vampires can play their own ver-
sions of popular games ... sometimes very much unlike
prevailing standards, as when the Sabbat adapt cricket
for a Game of Instinct rite, with kine as balls who are run
to ground between the wickets.

The Sport of the Gentry: Fox Hunting

Hunting in sporting fashion is the prerogative of the
upper classes, both country gentry and urban aristocracy
come to the country for recreation. The basic rules of
hunting are simple: the hunter dons the traditional red
jacket (called the "pink"), mounts a horse and follows
the hounds pursuing a fox. Fox hunting usually begins
very early in the morning. Local working men plug up all
the fox holes in the area so that foxes, who are nocturnal,
lack dens to return to at daybreak. The participants in
the hunt itself comprise the "field" and gather around 11
am (thereby ruling out all but the most impressively
tough vampires). The Master of the Foxhounds, usually
a local gentleman favored with the privilege of hosting
the hunt, assembles everyone on the "meet" or gathering
grounds; when everyone's at last present, he turns loose
fifty or more snarling, baying hounds to flush out a fox
caught out of its home. The cry of "Tally-ho" signifies the
first sighting of the fox, and the Master redirects the
hounds toward it. The hunters ride off after the hounds,
and the chase proceeds until the hounds run the fox to
ground. Tradition lets them devour all but the "brush" or
tail, "mask" or head and "pads" or paws; these pieces
become trophies for the hunters who displayed good

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

FE ID

horsemanship or otherwise performed in an exemplary
manner. In addition, the Master daubs the fox's blood on
the face of the first person to reach the carcass.

The Master and lesser hunt officials such as the
Huntsman and the Whippers-In (who keep the dogs in
line) wear black boots with brown tops, unlike the pure
black boots of hunt participants.

Vampires obviously cannot participate in any stan-
dard hunt. From time to time an aristocrat conceives a
passion for nocturnal hunting, organized much the same
as a daytime hunt. Vampires may sometimes inspire this
passion and can in any event exploit it, though it never
catches on in a lasting way. In addition, vampires can
and do conduct their own all-vampire hunts. Among the
lords of the Sabbat and (when nobody's looking) some of
the more callous lords of the Camarilla, the most enter-
taining hunts feature mortal prey.

Boxing

Before the Marquis of Queensbury rules, boxing was
the brutal, bare-knuckled, undisciplined, "no holds
barred" sport of the lower classes. Even under the rules
developed by John Broughton in 1838, the sport ac-
counted for many casualties, until these rules were
modified in 1853 as the Revised London Prize Ring rules.
Then, in 1857, rules devised by popular boxer John
Graham Chambers and sponsored by an aristocratic
lover of the sport, John Sholto Douglas, the 8th Marquis
of Queensbury, refined the pastime into one that gentle-
men could enjoy as well as rabble.

The Marquis of Queensbury rules emphasize boxing
skill rather than wrestling and agility over strength.
Gloves have replaced bare knuckles, and prohibited
moves include wrestling holds, grappling, attacking op-
ponents when downed and "to the death" beatings. The
Queensbury rules divide matches into three rounds, with
one-minute intervals of rest between them. A boxer who
remains down, either prone or with one or both knees
touching the mat, ten seconds after being knocked down
loses the match. The ring itself is also standardized as a
roped-in square 24 feet on each side.

Very quickly, "Marquess of Queensbury rules" be-
comes a popular metaphor for any guidelines regulating
activities that may be brutal and harsh and yet subject to
some standard of fair play.

Expression, Intimidation, Leadership
Victorian practice ties these talents together with a
few common linguistic tools.
Prosody and Versification

Victorian language has a specific cadence. Poetry
and prose are both metered ina system of cadence known


as accentual-syllabic, which places emphasis based on
the number of syllables in a verse or statement. The
results often sound strange to modern ears and lack
"natural" rhythm. Victorian language is flowery, formal
and sometimes obtuse, but it has rules of its own. Victo-
tian aesthetics place a high value on choosing just the
right elaborate and ornate expression.

Alliteration repeats the first sound of a word through-
out a passage, as in tongue twisters like "Theopholus
Thistle, the thrifty thistle sifter, while sifting a sieve full
of unsifted thistles, thrust three thousand thistles through
the thick of his thumb." Thanks in part to the very poetic
style of the King James Bible, alliteration features promi-
nently in sermons and fervent sermonlike exhortations.

Blank verse, unrhymed lines of iambic pentameter,
occur often in Shakespeare and are therefore beautiful to
Victorian listeners in nearly all social classes. Shakespeare
is by general acclaim the perfect practitioner of English,
so if he liked a device it must be a good one.

Consonance is the repetition of a similar consonant
in a line or succeeding lines of verse. Shakespeare also
employed a great deal of consonance, and it suits Victo-
rian notions of building complex structures with the
harmony of parts like finely crafted machinery.

Onomatopoeia literally meaning "name poetry." It
imitates natural sounds, such as the duck "quacked," or
the pig "oinked."

Victorian literature makes heavy use of allegory and
allusion, and even the uneducated masses could follow
many such references thanks to their reiteration. The
complex web of references favored by orators and writers
ties together much of Victorian life, so that the garden
and kitchen seem by association intimately related to the
course of the empire and the salvation or damnation of
the world. Very little in the world as interpreted and
presented this way is merely itself: it signifies other
things, great and small, and in turn has implications for
the meaning and condition of other things.

This is also the era of what later observers would call
"Bowdlerization," the removal of smutty and otherwise
offensive material from existing literature. The practice
takes its name from late 18th-century philanthropist
Thomas Bowdler, who wished to let the world appreciate
the beauties of Shakespeare's work untrammeled by the
vulgarities he felt sure had been inserted at others'
demand. The prevailing renditions of Shakespeare's trag-
edies give them happy endings and clear-cut morals, so
that Shakespeare's otherwise wonderful work cannot
infect the masses with unwholesome ideas about whether
virtue is rewarded. Simultaneously, Charles Dickens and
his successors write brutally detailed indictments of
social failures. It is not an age in which any one idea has

popular support without challenge or even outright
contradiction.

Language persuades kine, disguises intentions, pre-
sents the speaker in any light he wishes to be seen.
Vampires have a lot of time with which to polish their
rhetoric, and lower-class Kindred have much time to
educate themselves in the effective use of language in the
hopes of disguising their pasts.

Classical Imitation

Victorians like to imitate classical Greeks and Ro-
mans in prose and speech. Lectures and novels alike
imitate classical forms (or their creators think they do,
and are thereby unintentionally innovative while pursu-
ing imitation). Every educated gentleman has a
foundation in Latin and Greek, and imitating the rhe-
torical and oratorical styles of the ancients gives one the
air of educational superiority, if not dash. While the
actual study of the specifics of rhetoric has lost much of
its appeal — every Victorian gentleman studies the
Greek and Roman classics, but imitating them is good
enough, one doesn't really have to understand why they
work — interest in imitating the language style of clas-
sical geniuses like Homer and Euripides persists
throughout the period.

Victorian vampires generally share this enthusiasm.
Classical forms give weight and the air of tradition to
harebrained schemes and wild inventions, and provide a
sound foundation for conveying the benefits and costs of
a scheme in reassuring terms.

The Language of Revolution

Revolutionaries and anarchists want to bring about
violent, immediate social change. Rhetoric aimed at the
masses uses active imagery — struggle and war, in par-
ticular — and revolutionary speakers aim to provide
targets for envy and wrath, guilty perpetrators and their
minions whom the revolutionary brotherhood can over-
throw. This language needn't be banal or stupid, and
indeed some of the finest speeches, essays and novels of
the era argue the need for and possibility of drastic social
change. By later standards, even rhetoric intended for
the masses is quite sophisticated, using Biblical and
historical allusions along with well crafted symbolism
and imagery in ways that, the historical record shows,
actually do persuade audiences to take up new causes.

Streetwise and Subterfuge

Criminals often develop a complex vocabulary all
their own, both to allow them to make distinctions that
matter in criminal activities and to conceal the sub-
stance of their conversations from others. Victorian
criminal argot is overwhelmingly rich, and whole books

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


14

on the subject exist. This is just an introductory sam-
pling.

Pickpocketing of various sorts is known as hoisting,
buzzing, dipping and cly-faking, with the money re-
trieved referred to as chink, crouter, fadge, gen or deaner.
Blagging is the less surreptitious art of smash-and-grab
theft, in which the thief knocks down his victim and
grabs whatever he can wrestle loose. This is the domain
of the bladger or violent thief, who relies on his chiv
(knife) and barker or iron (gun) as well as his own
cleverness.

Cracksmen, safe crackers, use various styles of
lockpicks known as betties and dubs to gain entry to
safes, and different targets for safe cracking have their
own names. Deadlurks are break-ins made at currently
vacant premises, while area-diving is the art of entering
the lower recesses of currently occupied homes. The
cracksman usually needs a lookout accomplice for the
latter sort of caper (as all criminal jobs are often called by
Victorian criminals), known as a crow.

Dragsmen steal from carriages, carrying off valuables
including fawnies or rings and ream-swag, really fine
goods like jewelry, in addition to prosaic money and
other, less distinctive loot.

Broadsmen practice fraud using dishonest card tricks.
Their accomplices, bonnets and buttoners, lure in gull-
ible prey, and the broadsmen manipulate their broads
and flats (the cards themselves) to cheat the gulpy or
gullible in unwinnable bets. Con artists refer to this sort
of racket as gammoning the public.

The madams who run brothels are often called
abbesses, their pimps Haymarket Hectors. The girls whose
services they sell are variously known as dollymops,
ladybirds and Judies. The venereal diseases which are
constant risks in these establishments are collectively
known as the glim and the French pox (in England, at
least; some Continental victims of venereal diseases refer
to the English pox, and worldwide practice ascribes
responsibility for it to someone conveniently nearby and
disliked).

The policemen who try to catch all these sundry
offenders are known to their targets as coppers,
Miltonians, Blue Bottles, crushers and pigs. (Yes, really;
"pig" did not originate in the 1960s, but more than a
century earlier.) The handcuffs they use are commonly
referred to as derbies (pronounced "darbies"). The mag-
istrates before whom apprehended criminals appear are
called beaks, the prison uniforms in which convicts must
dress the Devil's Claws or broad arrows.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Gambling

"Spreading the boards," playing card games for
monetary stakes, is popularamongall classes. These
are some of the most common games of the era.

¢ All-Fours: a new game, much like high-
low-jack poker in modern America.

¢ Commerce: an older poker variant favored
by those less interested in flashy excitement.

* Ecarte: one of the most enduring popular
games, dating back to the late 18th century, in
which the players bet after each receiving five
cards from a deck missing 2s and 6s.

© Faro: another new game, in which the
players bet on the order in which cards will emerge
from the faro box, a spring-loaded machine hold-
ing a shuffled deck.

* Whist: a century-old classic of the respect-
able drawing room. Four players participate,
partnered in pairs. The dealer passes out 13 cards
to each player and determines the trump suit. The
leading player puts down a card of whatever suit
she chooses, and subsequent players must follow
suit or playa card of the trump suit, or discard. The
player who lays down the highest card of the suit
led or the highest card of the trump suit "takes the
trick," winning the round, and leads for the next
trick. Partners wina point for each trick taken, and
games customarily last until one pair accumulates
five points. Rubbers consist of three games, best
two out of three prevailing.

© Vingt-et-un: French and therefore consid-

ered particularly genteel, this is much like modern
blackjack.

Skills in Depth

Skills combine aptitude with required learning; re-
member that characters who attempt to use a skill without
training in it suffer a +1 difficulty penalty. Efforts to learn
most of these abilities benefit from an experienced teacher,
and wherever the ability calls for technological expertise
or possibly illicit activities, teachers don't always come
to hand easily. Here vampires often have an advantage in
that they can offer special rewards to those who help
them... if, of course, they choose to honor their commit-
ments.


Animal Ken

Even as trains cross the landscape and inventors try
to improve automobile reliability and performance, more
people move about in animal-powered transportation
than self-propelled vehicles. Vampires scare horses, ob-
viously. (Some vampire legends tell that the best way to
find a vampire is to traverse a cemetery with an unmated
white stallion ridden by a naked virgin, and when the
horse stamps and shies away, one has found the under-
ground haven of a buried vampire.) Vampires need to
travel, and some mastery with animals is necessary to the
Victorian undead. If she wants to be able to travel
without scaring her mode of transportation, and there-
fore giving herself away, she'll need some mastery of
Animal Ken. A small dose of vitae given three nights in
a row calms the savage beast as well.

Additionally, many leisure activities depend on kin-
ship with animals, like fox hunting, and most of the
aristoc! are mad about their dogs. An absence of
animals would seem odd to the prying eyes of mortals,
even with a plausible explanation. Pets are much less

common among the urban lower classes, both for lack of

space and lack of food, and here it's possible to go months
or years without encountering any animals other than
vermin and those trained for cock-fighting and other
blood sports.

Craft
Industrialization calls for precision-crafted parts,

capability of any
individual or small business to produce. The trained

often in quantities far beyond the

human eye can make out precision tolerances of a few
hundredths of an inch, but Victorian machinery often
needs tolerances much smaller than that. New tools to
make tools (and tools to make the tools that make the
tools ...) appear every year, repeatedly changing stan-
dard practice in many fields. Simultaneously, traditional
customs live on in rural areas and in activities where
individual craftsmanship remains important to custom-
ers. A blacksmith may work on hand-crafted ironmongery
for manors or complex engine components, but seldom
both; within every profession are ever-sharper splits
between those who ally themselves (willingly or out of a

sense of unavoidable necessity) with the factory system
and those who stick to traditional methods.

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


Factories have replaced individual craftsmen alto-
gether in many areas. The tradeoffs involved in this
process are complex (and hotly debated). It is simulta-
neously true that the people who used to make, for
instance, woolen and cotton clothes are mostly worse off,
losing their independence and becoming factory work-
ers. The customers for the new goods have clothes which
lack individuality but which may well be more durable
and reliable, particularly at the very low end. Likewise,
professions once taught in master-apprentice relation-
ships have become available through trade schools and
universities, from dentistry to law.

The trend toward anonymous homogeneity makes it
easier for Kindred to blend in with the crowd, while
standardization makes it harder for them to find niches
where they can work around their individual quirks.

Drive

This is not a widespread ability, but it does exist.
Steam-driven conveyances date back to 1801, and within
the Victorian Age: Vampire milieu inventors like Karl
Benz are making internal combustion engines suitably
sized and arranged for automobiles. Their creations are
still all unique hand-crafted works — the factory system
won't reach automobiles until early in the 20th century
— and very expensive.

Nor are automobiles popular. Champions of rural
privilege join with anti-industrial aesthetes and people
who just find the things too damnably noisy and unpre-
dictable to impose regulations. The Red Flag Act was the
first of such laws, passed in 1836 and subsequently
extended in Britain and imitated elsewhere. It limits cars
to speeds of four miles per hour and requires that they be
preceded by a servant displaying a red flag in the day and
a red lantern at night. Speed freaks disregard these
restrictions, of course, careening along at a dozen miles
an hour and more, but harsh enforcement of automobile
laws makes many drivers interested in driving only on
private property of their own or held by like-minded
enthusiasts.

Victorian automobiles are intimidating things, belch-
ing smoke and sparks erratically. A vampire encountering
one for the first time must make a Rétschrek check at
difficulty 8. Each subsequent encounter reduces the
difficulty by 1 (even when a roll ends in failure or botch),
and the vampire overcomes any lingering instinctive
fear when the difficulty reaches 2. No further checks are
needed after that, except at standard difficulty for cars
which are actually on fire.

In the Victorian era, Drive covers two broad catego-
ties of activity, each suitable as a specialization: the
operation of mechanical vehicles and the skilled han-

dling of conveyances drawn by two or more animals. In
Victorian usage, "carriages" transport people and "wag-
ons" (or "waggons") and "carts" carry goods, which may
or may not include people. Larger teams of animals take
more skill to control, as do difficult circumstances like
London streets. A successful wagoneer almost always
knows Repair and Animal Handling in addition to
Drive, and needs both Strength and Dexterity.

e Novice: You can handle a wagon, cart
or cabriolet drawn by a single draft or
carriage horse. As a novice motorcar
driver, you can drive a car on a good
road in decent weather but need help
starting it and keeping it running.
Practiced: You can drive any convey
ance drawn by two horses. You can
drive a motorcar and start it without
assistance.

Competent: You can handle a team of
up to four horses. You drive your motor
car well in reasonably good conditions
and can make minor adjustments and
tune-ups as necessary.

Expert: You can drive an animal-drawn
vehicle of up to six horses, or two oxen
or other variety of similar heavy animal
conveyance. As an expert motorcar
driver, you can drive in various weather
conditions and effect many necessary
and difficult repairs.

Master: You can drive any make of
animal-drawn vehicle with style. You
handle your car with expertise and pa-
nache, strip it down and take it apart,
and race over hill and dale with it, Red
Flag Act be damned!.

Possessed By: Cabbies, Servant Drivers, Aristo-

cratic Drivers, Wealthy Commoner Drivers, Wagoneers

Specialties: Carriages, Heavy Conveyances, Motor-

cars

Etiquette

By Victorian standards, virtually the whole of soci-
ety in the Final Nights is unspeakably vulgar and just
plain chaotic. Victorian society depends greatly on ev-
eryone (or at least nearly everyone) knowing how to
recognize members of her own social stratum and how to
interact in reliable manner with those above or below
her. The idle rich naturally have much more time to
invest in nuances, but the basic ideas of decorum circu-
late even among the desperately poor. For people who
lack privacy, security and hope, manners can provide a


-

bk ES Dey 147

touch of dignity, a way of reassuring themselves thatthey / Yj Vy MY,
do remain human despite all. j g yg

For vampires, of course, etiquette also serves to keep 7 ,
their inevitable social conflicts tempered. Drawn by the Yyy
Curse to compete for supremacy over each other, vam- L, ty Yj j/
pires rely on their own codes of conduct and thestandards "74,7 ' Hf, > t
of the surrounding society alike to keep every disagree- f =
SX

y
é y
ment from turning into a fight. Victorian etiquette Yi hd fj . S&S Y
provides the means for the loser in an exchange to 7 Yi, S Y
withdraw relatively gracefully and with minimal loss of / \ YY
face, and therefore even vampires accustomed to older
standards find the prevailing doctrines of etiquette well
worth mastering.
Outside observers, both in Victorian times and later,
often misunderstand a key feature of popular etiquette.
Victorian practice makes a sharp distinction between
what is fit for public discussion and what isn't, but it does
not go on to say that if it ought not be discussed publicly
it ought not be discussed at all. Victorian write
duced much erotica along with the uplifting es
insightful novels, and Victorian readers bought it all.
They just didn't make quite the same kind of fuss over the
latest juicy yarns in the new issue of The Pearl that they
did over stories in The Strand or well phrased letters to
The Times of London. The tale of Queen Victoria telling
one of her daughters to "grab the bedposts and think of
England" is just that, a tale; it was her husband Albert
who was the prude, raised as he was on much more
thoroughly repressed Prussian terms. Victorian life prop-
erly includes a very rich and expansive private life which
is nobody else's business.
The full practice of etiquette touches on almost
every other ability and some vampiric disciplines. Eti-
quette guides the socially acceptable use of Expression
and Performance, of Ride and Academics, even of Pres-
ence and Chimerstry. (A socially adept Ravnos can
forestall a multitude of Masquerade breaches with a few
illusions that make it possible for observers to gloss over
the whole strange affair without fuss, or thrust an enemy
into a dense mess of social errors that raise embarrassing
questions.) Etiquette also includes the ability to learn
unfamiliar customs, by observation and instruction.
Much of middle- and upper-class social life revolves
around the dance, and navigating successfully through
the potential pitfalls requires experience and care. The
very dance steps chosen make a statement: modern
dances like the waltz put pairs of individuals in direct
touching contact, while line dances like the quadrille
and reel keep the opposite sex in a group and at a remove.
In a society accustomed (as discussed above under "Ex-
pression, Intimidation, Leadership") to seeing significance

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


and implication in even small things, small public con-
tacts hint at more intimate contacts in private.

Formal dining is also very important for everyone
able to afford the costs of hosting company, including a
cook and appropriate dishes. Mixed in with casual and
light conversation, much business takes place over din-
ner and after-dinner drinks; so does a great deal of
personal negotiation. Vampires are at a distinct disad-
vantage here and must either come up with some very
plausible excuse or face a certain skepticism from the
members of their social circle about just how "sound"
they are in social matters.

Formal calls provide a peaceful arena for social
clashes. The visitor may display new clothes and shape
the conversation; the host may show off new acquisi-
tions. A formal call can, of course, be genuinely
good-natured, but it often isn't. A tremendous variety of
artifices come into play in conjunction with calls. For
instance, a good living can be made by painters who
create unfinished works for sale to ladies who often
receive callers. When the bell at the streetside gate
announces a visitor, the lady has just enough time to set
a chore or other activity aside and sit in front of the
painting, daubing a few strokes as a servant presents the
caller. Then her caller can admire her talent and she can
be modest, as though she didn't really intend to show off
this, her latest creation in progress. Likewise a whole
complex system of symbolism is associated with the
calling cards a visitor gives to a servant to pass to the host
or leaves when the host is out: face-up and face-down
presentation may carry meanings, along with the pres-
ence orabsence of touches of perfume, degree of formality
in typography, titles claimed and much else.

Subtle Meanings

Formal titles matter tremendously in Victorian soci-
ety. Many countries follow English precedents to varying
degree, so rankings like the following apply widely. The
more levels of nobility one character is above another,
the more the superior is not only entitled but expected to
behave authoritatively. Christian charity and regard for
mutual humanity are all well and good, but social order
depends on everyone knowing his place and avoiding the
temptation to slide up or down except through approved
channels.

Her Majesty the Queen is of course the highest-
ranking individual in the land, followed by her sons and
immediate male family, then her female relatives. In
order, next come marquises, earls, viscounts and bishops.
Within each rank of secular noble, those who hold office
for the crown take precedence over their peers who do
not. Following them come barons, commoners who hold
high office in the government, otherwise untitled indi-
viduals directly employed by the Queen and the sons of
nobles. Sons are ranked by order of birth and positions of
their fathers, so that the sons of a marquis outrank the
sons of a viscount or baron. Below them are the knights,
those of the orders like the Order of the Garter and the
Order of St. George and then those with titles unrelated
to the orders, and commoners holding lesser offices in
the government. Last of all are the esquires, baronets,
commissioner military officers and gentlemen granted
the right to bear arms.

Keeping track of one's place in the peerage may
require a lot of work for characters in the midst of social
life. Keeping track of others' places requires even more
work, and a good market exists for official guides like

Rather than attempt to spell out every detail of nuanced and inferred communication, Storytellers and

players may wish to use this optional rule. When a character attempts to convey a covert message through
behavioral clues that rely on a knowledge of etiquette, roll Wits + Etiquette, difficulty 6. One success allows
the character to embed a very simple message like "I hate you" or "I lust for you." Each additional success allows
one straightforward sentence's worth of additional information like "I can meet you tomorrow" and "you must
not let my mother realize we're meeting." Make an Intelligence + Etiquette roll, difficulty 6, for the character
receiving the message. Every success lets the character correctly understand two success' worth of information
sent by the other character. Failure means the sender or recipient provides nothing at all, while a botch gives
the Storyteller. the opportunity to pass along an amusingly unintended message.

The embedded messages do not have to be entirely or at all true; this system conveys lies as effectively as
truths.

Characters may also scan the environment for signs that others are engaging in this sort of covert exchange.
Make a Perception + Etiquette roll, difficulty 7, once per hour, with each success letting the character spot one
such exchange (if any are going on, and at most gatherings they are, often). Failure leads to the character
missing any instances, and a botch leads to the character diagnosing one or more hidden exchanges where in
fact they aren't happening.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION


Burke's Guide to the Peerage, updated annually and based
on thorough research.

Presentation at court is one of the greatest honors
available to members of society and involves immensely
complicated details. For instance, a woman is expected
to wear a gown which bares her shoulders, regardless of
the temperature, and a train exactly three feet long. She
is expected to wear feathers at the back of her hair which
tise high enough for Her Majesty to see but not higher
than the queen's own head. The woman being presented
must carry her train in a particular position over her left
arm and let it down at just the right moment for atten-
dants to spread in just the right way. Her calling card
must follow the correct forms for her name and any titles
she may carry. After the lord-in-waiting reads it out to
the queen, the woman curtsies and kisses the queen's
outstretched hand; if she belongs to the peerage, the
queen reciprocates by kissing her on the forehead. This
concludes the audience, and the woman exits by backing
out of the royal drawing room ... without tripping over
her own train. Equally detailed rules govern the admis-
sion of men in and out of the peerage, modified by all
sorts of circumstances. Consult reference books for the
full panoply if players really want to describe it all in the
course of the game.

Derformance

Acting

The Victorian theater encompasses everything from
revivals of classical drama to Shakespeare (with varying
degrees of alteration) to vaudeville. Traditionally a mor-
ally suspect occupation, the best actors now enjoy not
just fame but respectability. In addition, acting as a
specialty encompasses performance of other sorts, in-
cluding the wildly popular Wild West shows staged by
cowboys-turned-entrepreneurs like Buffalo Bill Hickock
and Wild Bill Cody. Edison's kinetoscope and many
baroquely named rivals offer short films to the public,
though for the moment movies have not yet become
much more than filmed stage performances or outdoor
scenes from one camera in a fixed position.

Music

This is the height of the Romantic era in classic
music. Popular composers and works often performed in
the years covered by Victorian Age: Vampire include
Peter Tchaikovsky (Swan Lake, "1812 Overture"),
Antonin Dvorak (New World Symphony), Johannes
Brahms (Symphony No. 4 in E Minor), Nickolay
Andreyevich Rimsky-Korsakov (Scheherazade) and
Gustav Mahler (Symphony No. 1). Romantic music is
just that: large, sweeping, nationalistic and pastoral.
Tchaikovsky's "1812 Overture", for instance, combines

folk tunes, nationalistic anthems and broad, sweet pas-
sages to invoke its intended images.

Operettas by Gilbert and Sullivan reign in England,
and, the Doyle Carte Company has produced the first
"musical," H.M.S. Pinafore, a comic story about the lives
of those serving on one of the navy's less impressive ships.
Gilbert writes often-satirical lyrics and Sullivan sets
them to very intricate music, including the "patter song,"
which takes operatic recitative and speeds it up to make
it at once highly entertaining and a genuine test of a
singer's skill.

Fortune Telling

Fortune telling is one form, or rather one set of forms,
of occult practice popular among all classes. Divination
methods come and go in popularity, as subject to fads as
any other part of intellectual life, and new ones con-
stantly appear as real and fake occultists try to distinguish
themselves from rivals. Methods with relatively con-
stant, enduring acceptance include palmistry, astrology,
divination with standard playing cards and specialized
decks like the tarot deck, dream interpretation and
mediumship. Mechanical fortune-tellers, machines which
produce previously printed fortunes according to various
semirandom systems, are gaining popularity as a cheap
and entertaining source of possibly mystic messages
along boardwalks, penny arcades and the like.

How much any of these methods actually works
depends on the Storyteller's preferences for the chronicle.
If the characters are to be surrounded by portents on all
sides, genuine mystic results may occur frequently. If the
characters are to be the one supernatural element in the
otherwise natural world, then almost all fortune-telling
should be wittingly or unwittingly false.

Knowledges in Depth

Knowledges depend on systematic instruction. Ste-
reotypes to the contrary, such instruction is often fairly
readily available to characters who aren't actually on the
brink of total poverty.

Compulsory elementary education has been estab-
lished in Britain and America, and other countries are
following suit. In Great Britain, school attendance is
mandatory up to age 10. Free public school is supported
by local taxes. Although formal public education ends by
age 10, a graduate of such a school would be completely
literate. He will have a working understanding of math-
ematics and will know at least a smattering of Latin and
Greek. He will be familiar with the great works of
literature. A player character with one dot in Academics
has this type of knowledge.

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


An upper-class person's education is somewhat dif-
ferent. It almost always continues past the age of 10.
Elementary education takes place in the home, first by
governesses and then by tutors. After the age of 10, the
upper-class student generally attends a private boarding
school or preparatory school, from which he almost
always proceeds to the university.

In the Oxford-Cambridge tradition, each student
specializes in a particular discipline from the moment he
enters a university. Formal lecture classes are not manda-
tory, although attendance at chapel is. Students instead
attend small study groups overseen by a professor, who
teaches by the Socratic model: the dons (professors)
rapidly fire questions at their students and expect the
flummoxed pupils to answer them quickly and accu-
rately, and be able to defend their answers logically. The
main thrust of a professor's work is to prepare students for
the examinations in their given disciplines. By contrast,
the newer Prussian model consists of scheduled lectures
in which professors hold forth on known empirical facts.
The Prussian system also emphasizes breadth as well as
depth of knowledge, expecting students to take general
studies courses before settling down to master a special-
ization. This approach enjoys favor among classes often
excluded from the older system and among industrialists
who see it as producing the sorts of minds necessary to
advance the industrial revolution.

British and European education relies strongly on
tests and classifications to determine students' futures.
Tests administered at several steps classify school chil-
drenas O level (ordinary) or A level (advanced). O-level
students are directed to trade school, if they receive
further education at all, while the universities recruit
from those with satisfactory A levels.

Victorian education is primarily but not exclusively
for men. Oxford and Cambridge each have women's
colleges, and so does the United States. Acceptance of
the fact of educated and professionally trained women
proceeds slowly and erratically.

Investigation

Until recently, police didn't gather evidence, they
just rounded up the usual suspects and shook down
witnesses for information. Police cleaned up physical
evidence quickly, so as to not upset the sensibilities of
passersby. Now police procedure gives ever-greater weight
to evidence, with new tools for analyzing it and correlat-
ing the results with data from other cases. Controversy
rages in law enforcement and the courts over the validity
of techniques like fingerprints and the Bertillion system
of measuring body parts and proportions. The complexi-
ties and uncertainties of criminal investigation make it

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

difficult to tell for sure just how well any one technique
works overall, and each success or failure looms large in
the ongoing debate.

Vampires have no skin oil and therefore don't leave
fingerprints unless their fingers are stained with some-
thing else. In the current state of official confusion, a
vampire accused of a crime for which fingerprint evi-
dence should be present but isn't might serve as an
example for a skeptical magistrate arguing that finger-
prints shouldn't be given legal sanction or might rouse a
sympathetic magistrate to claims that the vampire has
done something to tamper with the evidence. Individual
prejudices matter greatly at this stage.

Medicine

Medicine is changing as fast as industry, and like
industry depends on ever-improving tools as well as fresh
ideas. Most medical breakthroughs come from research-
ers trying to make sense of phenomena they couldn't
isolate or observe before. Pasteur and Lister's work on
germs and sanitation is at last generally accepted, so that
doctors operating in unsanitary conditions at least feel a
little guilty about it. Anesthetics remain relatively primi-
tive, though recognized widely as valuable after their
battlefield use in the wars of the 19th century.

Vampiric scholars take part in this medical revolu-
tion. New theories attempting to put vampirism on a
scientific footing flourish wherever there are vampires
less than entirely comfortable with "biblical supersti-
tion" and otherwise supernatural explanations. Growing
knowledge about disease also helps vampires understand
some of the risks to themselves and others from various
feeding practices.

Science

The late 19th century is a time of growing specializa-
tion. Two hundred years ago, the "Renaissance man"
scholar could know something about every field of scien-
tific and technical knowledge in the Europe of his time.
That's no longer possible. No single individual can
master even the basics of the life sciences and the study
of the Earth and the skies and engineering and every-
thing else that Victorians study. The Prussian system
(see above, this page) not only recognizes this but ac-
tively encourages specialization as the path to further
insight. Scientific jargon and the rigid forms of scientific
presentation in journals and theses increasingly isolate
scientists from the population at large; advocates of this
change encourage the masses to put their trust in the
experts and let the experts carry on with the important
business of understanding the world. The masses need


only heed the advice the experts give them in light of
superior understanding.

Backgrounds in Depth

Chapter One of this book covers the use of Back-
grounds in conjunction with the activities of secret
societies. This section considers the differences between
Victorian Age: Vampire Backgrounds and their Final
Nights equivalents for other purposes.

Victorian vampires depend more on the assistance
of mortals than later vampires do. Precious few all-night
stores exist, and those only in the largest cities, and it's
more time-consuming, more expensive and riskier to
travel a great deal in the Victorian era. Someone must go
during daylight hours to procure clothes, furniture, books
and other goods; even if the vampire arranges deliveries
via correspondence, someone must be on hand to receive
the deliveries as they come, and few wagoneers work
nights even for special bonus pay. All the Backgrounds
that cover interactions with living men and women
therefore take on special importance in the Victorian
age.

The Importance of Coteries

Few solitary vampires can develop all the Back-
grounds they'd like. Coteries let vampires pursue their
respective interests for mutual advantage, just as (as
modernist vampires point out happily and reactionary
elders note scornfully) the division of labor in factories
increases productive efficiency. One character who has
a few well placed Allies can supply her coterie-mates
with the goods that mortals have to supply, and her
comrades with Resources can pay for the acquisitions.

This works well as long as the members of the coterie
continue to get along. If any one member of a highly
interdependent coterie is destroyed or forced away, on
the other hand, everyone will suffer until they can make
other arrangements.

Allies

Human associates are simply indispensable for most
vampires, and Allies covers those associates who serve
willingly without the forced dependence of the Blood
Bond. They may or may not know just what the vampire
they're allied with is; for some people, the vampire is a
secret mystic master or just the unfortunate victim of a
rare disease or tragic curse. ("Ah, yes, it just goes to show
that sometimes one should leave the jeweled eyes in the
heathen idol right where they were. Did the damned
witch doctor say when you'd again be able to face the
sun?")

Contacts

In addition to all their other uses, Contacts come in
handy for vampires trying to follow rapidly changing
fields of knowledge and practice. Vampires have only
twelve hours a day, averaged over the course of a year,
minus the time spent in extra slumber because of low
Humanity, with which to lead their waking existence.
Only the cleverest vampires can keep up with everything
happening in a field like engineering or manufacture, or
chemistry or medicine. Contacts can't provide the com-
prehensive personal mastery a vampire might like to
have but can at least answer specific questions as they
arise.

Herd

This background offers a level of safety that Victo-
rian vampires welcome. Most vampires aren't fortunate
enough to live in cities large enough that the occasional
corpse created by feeding goes unnoticed and with plenty
of opportunities for anonymous interactions. Even within
the metropolis, the inhabitants of a neighborhood gen-
erally know each other and will notice erratic behavior
or signs of mysterious weakness. The Herd creates no
such problems. Whether they consciously realize they're
providing blood for a vampire or not, they do not object
to their circumstances and the vampire who "owns"
them can count on their availability. In this age of
widespread interest in the occult and foreign lore of all
kinds, vampires can easily pass as gurus whose teachings
include states of ecstasy and altered consciousness, among
other cover stories.

Influence

No matter how much vampires might wish to, and
no matter how much they tell each other and their
victims that they do, they don't rule the world. Influence
is just that: influence, not total control. The larger the
institutions to which a vampire has ties, the harder it is
for any single will to direct the group; the others in it,
above and below the vampire trying to give orders, have
their own agendas, and what actually happens in the end
is the sum of all those agendas mixed together and tossed
into the surrounding world. In the Victorian age, with
the reduced travel remarked on earlier, Influence often
runs more deeply than in the Final Nights. Vampires
have more time to develop their power in smaller social
situations.

Atthe Storyteller's discretion, players may adda dot
beyond the level required for the geographical scope of
their characters' Influence to reflect this more thorough
domination of the scene.

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


152
Mentor

This is a more common background for Victorian
vampires than for later ones, again because of reduced
travel. It's more likely that the new vampire stays some-
where relatively close to his sire and other older vampires
who might provide assistance. In an era of great social
complexity and detailed etiquette, the neonate should
know before he's ready for release, and more even after
formal release takes place.

In turn, the Mentor may well call upon his pupil for
information about the modern world. The younger vam-
pire acts as interpreter and guide for an elder with
centuries (or more than centuries) of experience living
in a simpler, more slowly moving world.

Resources

The notion of fixed and nonnegotiable prices does
not prevail throughout the Victorian world. Haggling
remains common among all classes (even if aristocrats
often assign a favored servant to haggle for them). So
does barter, particularly among the urban poor and
people of all classes in rural areas. In practice, the limits
on what a character can afford are a little flexible, and
have characters two separate ways to buy above their
means.

* The Slow, Reliable Way. Make an extended roll
with the character's Resources, difficulty 7. It takes a year
of game time in which the character saves and plans for
the first roll, and the time doubles for each subsequent
roll: two years for the second, four years for the third,
eight years for the fourth and so on. This extended roll
requires twice as many successes as the item in question
costs in dots (two successes for ®, four successes for ¢ ,
six successes for ¢¢®, etc.). A failure at any point
requires the character to start over, and a botch reduces
the character's Resources rating by one dot for a period
as long as it took to prepare for the botched roll.

When the slow, reliable way succeeds, the character
manages to acquire something normally beyond her
means through essentially legitimate channels. It's hers
now.

¢ The Fast, Risky Way. Characters often want
things right now, or at least more quickly than the span
of years that the slow, reliable way requires. The fast,
tisky way gives them an alternative. Make an extended
roll with the character's Resources, difficulty 5 + 1 for
each level of difference between the item's cost and the
character's dots in Resources (6 for something that costs
one more dot of Resources than the character has, 7 for
something that costs two more dots, etc.). Roll once per
week of game time. Failure requires the character to start
over, and a botch means that the character can't resume

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

that effort and can't make another try for the same sort of
item for Cost x 2 weeks. If the extended roll succeeds, the
character is limited to a single dot of discretionary
Resources for anything not considered with the basics of
food, shelter and the like for Cost x 2 weeks.

In addition, the character accumulates obligations
to loan sharks, fixers and others of shady nature. For each
dot of cost that the character can't normally pay, she
must accept two social obligations or one legal obliga-
tion. A social obligation puts the character at some risk
of disgrace or humiliation but not in legal jeopardy, such
as not reporting a cheater at a casino or providing the
rendezvous spot for a couple having an affair. A legal
obligation requires the character to do something that
would earn real, even if generally minor, trouble with the
law: committing perjury to support an alibi, letting a
criminal store stolen property in her home. The Story-
teller decides how to allocate the obligations accrued by
a purchase, though these obligations can never be strong
enough to coerce the character into assault, murder and
other really serious crimes.

No character should have to pay back more than one
such obligation per game session. The Storyteller can
pace the demands as seems good for the interests of the
chronicle, though few such obligations are handed down
from crooked father to dishonest son and therefore
should be resolved before too many years go by.

Example: Roberta Whirter is one of many lower-class
vampires in London, driven into the city for want of opportu-
nities on the farm when alive and not faring very much better
now that she's Kindred. After seeing a middle-class woman
doing well for herself as a chauffeur and hansom driver for
couples taking romantic little trips, Roberta decides to try
going into that line of work herself. Unfortunately, the
roadster she has her eye on has a Cost of 5, and she has
Resources 2, so each roll her player makes uses 2 dice and
difficulty 8. The player rolls at the end of the first week of
Roberta's efforts to acquire a roadster and has no successes.
Fortunately, she has no accumulated successes to lose at this
point.

The following rolls gain one success the second week, one
the third week and two the fourth week. At the end of her first
month, therefore, she has 4 successes total. One more will do
it ... and fortunately the roll for the fifth week produces one
more success. Five successes satisfy the requirements of Cost
5, and so Roberta has managed to wheedle and deal her way
into ownership of the roadster of her dreams. She'd best hope
that no unexpected demands on her money come along in the
near future, since she's effectively at Resources 1 when it
comes to discretionary spending for the next ten weeks. She
also owes a total of six social obligations or four legal ones, or
some combination thereof, such as two legal and two social or


one legal and four social, to the "gentlemen" who helped her
lay hands on the money she needed.

Characters may also arrange to borrow items they
can't normally afford. This requires two separate steps.
First, the would-be borrower still needs some money: half
the regular cost of an item, rounded up, and if this is still
beyond the character's means, one or the other ways of
obtaining extra Resources must come into play. Second,
the character must make an acceptable social impression
on someone who already owns the item. The Storyteller
may choose to roleplay this out without resort to dice
rolls, or require as many successes on a Manipulation +
Etiquette roll, difficulty 6, as the item normally costs.

The borrowing character must have a clear purpose
for the loan: a specific project for which she'll be using
some tools, a trip to take with a borrowed carriage and so
on. Failing to return the item in the period agreed upon
puts the character at risk for charges of theft and other
complications, and the more expensive the item, the
more aggrieved its owner generally becomes when it is
missing.

Retainers

Retainers are the basic mark of standing for many
Victorian vampires. Those without any are unreliable
and unsophisticated, and possibly even a menace to
other vampires nearby because they'll need to keep
putting themselves into risky situations. Retainers make
vampiric existence more comfortable and more predict-
able, both qualities of great importance to Victorians.
Retainers grant the blessed boon of stability to their
masters' nights. Threatening another vampire's Retain-
ers is a potent demonstration of ill will; actually harming
another's Retainers is tantamount to a declaration of
war, given the many necessary functions Retainers per-
form.

Disciplines in Depth

In terms of mechanics, what dice to roll under what
circumstances and the rest of the rules, Victorian Age:
Vampire disciplines work just as they do in Vampire:
The Masquerade. What changes is how vampires think
about their powers and how they apply them. This
section notes some of these differences but is not an
exhaustive list. Players and Storytellers should work
together to personalize the meaning of characters' disci-
plines, since these powers are so intimately tied to the
characters' deepest selves.

Animalism and Drotean

The Victorian world abounds in nearby animals:
herd animals on the farm, horses wherever wagons and

carriages go, pets and vermin throughout the city. The
ability to speak to and command animals gives a vampire
a great deal of power — a horse who stumbles at the
wrong time, for instance, can wreck a carriage and its
passengers without leaving any sign that the incident
was more than an unfortunate accident.

Manipulating others' bestial natures may involve
the vampire doing it in the hottest religious and philo-
sophical arguments of the time. Is humanity merely
another animal species? So Mr. Darwin says, and the
evidence mounts in support. But here is the vampire, a
being whose very existence testifies to God's wrath.
What does it all mean? Shapeshifting likewise calls into
question what distinguishes humanity from the beasts a
master of Protean imitates. What is left that's truly
human when all that is solid man melts into fog? Only
the dogmatic have ready, certain answers, and vampires
who had that confidence in life may find themselves
inclined to fresh doubts thanks to their postmortem
experiences.

Auspex

Auspex comes in handy for any vampire exploiting
popular interest in spiritualism without being another
complete fraud. Aura reading provides information that
the vampire can apparently discover in the tea leaves or
other divinatory tools. At the Storyteller's discretion,
some of what a vampire perceives via Heightened Senses
may present itself to her awareness in divination as well:
subtle cues in body language, faint body odors and the
like are interpreted subconsciously and the final results
delivered in a formal framework the vampire finds famil-
iar and comfortable.

Celerity

A vampire with Celerity is as fast or faster than the
common transportation methods available to the aver-
age Victorian. The vampire who has higher levels of the
Discipline is likely as fast as steam-driven vehicles.
Genteel Lady Adelaide, with three dots of Celerity, does
not routinely step out of her townhouse and take off at
trainlike speeds, her presentation train fluttering behind
her. She does proceed in the confidence that she can
escape from most tight situations if necessary and that
with proper traveling clothes she can cover long dis-
tances ahead of virtually anyone she might wish to
escape or overtake.

Dementation

Victorian understanding of insanity differs wildly
from later views. Dementation itself doesn't rely on the
scientific thought of the moment. Its effects work the

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


|

same way and mean much the same despite the very
different context, because they deal with matters of the
soul in terms older than Victorian as well as modern
science.

Dominate

Victorians don't know about brainwashing, but they
do have experience with the Svengali-type magician,
the man who mesmerizes his subjects, causing them to do
whatever he chooses, all for the scary, fascinated enjoy-
ment of his audience. Mesmerism has a sexual element
too; it imparts its practitioner with an enigmatic, vital
charisma. Victorians find the "freedom" of being a
's subject highly sensual, and it doesn't tax
their moral code. Victorian vampires will think of this
discipline along these lines and use it accordingly, not
only as a way to control their subjects but as a way of

mesmeris

garnering fearsome respect from them. They use it to
cover their tracks, too, but in ways that make whoever
observes them employing it, be they Kindred or kine,
think twice about ever looking into their eyes again.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

jp, | trata

A Victorian Kindred with Dominate often uses the
popular imagery of mysticism as a trigger for the sugges-
tions she's planted. Dream symbolism, and especially
Tarot symbolism, is both useful and intimidating. Take,
for example, the Ten of Swords in a Tarot deck. This is
one of the worst divination cards. Its interpretation is
"ruin, sadness, misfortune, affliction" and the like. The
imagery of the card itself is horrid; while variations
abound, the common image is of ten swords piercing a
prone body, with chrysanthemums, the betrayers of Cae-
sar and the Infernal Lord of the Flies commonly depicted
around it. The Kindred with Dominate uses her disci-
pline to focus the attention of her subject on the image
of the card, knowing full well that her victim's medium
will impart to her its meaning. She sends her victim the
image of the card ina letter or other missive. The victim
finds it among the things on her boudoir table, and the
commands the vampire implanted earlier flood back.
The victim carries them out not just because she must but
in hopes of evading or mitigating the dreadful fortune
now laid out for her.


a

9

Fortitude

The protection Fortitude provides creates some risk
for vampires moving among the laboring classes. Every-
one who does physical labor picks up a collection of cuts,
bruises, calluses and the like. Vampires with high Forti-
tude don't, unless they set out to mutilate themselves
deliberately, and the Fortitude that makes this desirable
also makes it hard to do. Among the upper classes, where
pristine appearance is an asset because it shows one
doesn't have to engage in hard work oneself, Fortitude is
a positive boon to the socially inclined vampire.

Necromancy and Thanatosis

Victorians are obsessed with death. They fear it, but
they see a great deal of beauty in the peace and repose it
offers and in the visage it presents. Victorians take picnics
among the headstones at the cemetery, they place great
importance on the beautification of graves, and they are
terrified of being interred before they are actually dead. Kine
who can afford it erect alarms over the graves of the newly
dead against just such a mistaken burial. The ability to
command the dead is in this context a powerful and awe-
inspiring ability. The actual condition of animated corpses,
on the other hand, is particularly repugnant to those who
fearand idolize death, and the incautious necromancer may
face hostile rejection for bringing unwanted truths to oth-
ers' attention.

Obfuscate and Obtenebration

Victorian nights offer more darkness and concealment
than moder ones do. London is wrapped not just in fog but in
coal smoke and accompanying smog, filling the air with soot.
There's nothing quite like it in the industrialized nations of the
21st century; it takes much less work for a vampire wanting
shadows to hide in or command to find them.

Vicissitude

Victorians have a peculiar fascination with the gro-
tesque. This is an age of ubiquitous freak shows. A
handful of specimens like John Merrick, the Elephant
Man, become distinguished members of high society; the
rest slake popular curiosity for the next appalling spec-
tacle. A skilled practitioner of Vicissitude can hide
relatively easily among humanity if she's willing to
identify herself as yet another freak. The actual act of
transformation seems more startling and even terrifying
to observers who don't have the benefits of another
century's worth of cinematic special effects — Victori-
ans who see a vampire sprout new limbs and twist
another's flesh lack the psychological escape that frantic
thoughts like "it's just a model" and "that's computer
graphics" can provide.

a

Victorian Merits and
Flaws

Some of the merits and flaws presented in Vampire:
The Masquerade don't make sense in the Victorian era,
and some call for modification. This section notes sug-
gested additions and changes.

Note: This material is optional. The Storyteller has
the final say over what's acceptable for a particular
chronicle, and "it's in the book" is not a sufficient
refutation of a Storyteller's decision not to use some (or
any) of the entries here.

Dhysical

Humanity's Window (3 Point Merit)

Though otherwise monstrous in appearance, you
retain one striking feature from your mortal life. Beauti-
ful eyes are the feature most commonly preserved this
way, but Humanity's Window can encompass any aspect
of what you once had, such as a wonderful voice or
sensitive fingers.

This merit adds one die to the character's dice pool for
social interactions with others encountering the character
for the first time. It can be purchased only by characters of
Appearance 0, such as Nosferatu and Gargoyles.

Dox (3 point Flaw)

You are diseased. While the disease cannot kill you,
smallpox, pneumonia or consumption (tuberculosis) was
introduced into the system of vitae running through your
body during a chance feeding. Lack of fresh, untainted
vitae nightly will cause 1 blood point for every night you
are not able to feed, up to a fortnight's time. If at the
fortnight's end you are still unable to feed, you lose 1
point of Stamina. Should your blood pool reduce to zero,
you fall into torpor.

Pox has a social stigma as well. Your visage takes on
the characteristic of the disease you've contracted. Small-
pox left pocklike scars on the faces of its victims, while
consumption wasted away their energy. Appearance is
reduced by 1. These physical flaws are countered only by
feeding upon fresh, disease-free vitae, as above.

Mental
Literacy (2 Point Merit)

Youare able to read and write without the benefit of
having been formally schooled. Either you are self-

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS


taught (very difficult), or an ally, acquaintance, mentor
or even a family member, when you were living, taught
you to decipher the letters and words and to form them
on paper . The level of literacy this merit covers is more
functional than nuanced. You might have little grasp of
actual grammar and syntax, but you can understand
written passages and create your own.

Natural Cypher (2 Point Merit)

You have a natural flair for mathematical aptitude.
You may have little to no formal schooling in mathemat-
ics, but when presented with a problem that involves
numbers or logic, you are able to tackle it with great
facility. Add three dice to your dice pool when employ-
ing this Merit against logic problems, mathematical
problems and games that require mathematical aptitude.

Social
Downey (2 Points/ Level Merit)

"Downey" is Victorian slang for a practiced liar and
deceiver. Each level of this merit, up to a maximum of
three levels, adds one die to the character's dice pool for
social tests involving deceit and manipulation.

Gulpy (2 Doints/ Level Flaw)

A gulpy vampire is one who is gullible and easily
duped. Kindred with this flaw can become the victims of
cons and jokes and are less able to resist conspiratorial
and other manipulation. Each level, to a maximum of
three levels, reduces the hapless vampire's dice pool by
one die for rolls to resist manipulation and trickery.

Subjects of the
Twilight: Templates

All vampires are individuals, just as all living people
are. Vampires also belong to the society of their times
and take part in trends of various sorts. Some combina-
tions of personality and history occur more frequently
than others. The templates here describe some common
types of vampires in the Twilight Era. Each one sketches
out some features of that sort of person's past and pro-
vides recommendations for some traits. None of the
templates suggests a Nature or Demeanor, for instance. If
you choose to draw on one of these templates for your
character, you must make the rest of the decisions.

Players who want to work with templates are always
free to use part of a template while ignoring the rest. They're
here to provide inspiration and open up possibilities, not to

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

lock you into fixed choices. As always, the Storyteller has
the final say as to whether players should use templates for
aparticular chronicle and if so to what extent the templates
may be modified to suit specific circumstances.

Battered-down Laborer

Life began hard and got worse. Born into poverty, you
grew up malnourished and neglected, surrounded by squalor
and desperation. You lived to adulthood, which put you
ahead of some of your brothers and sisters, but then maturity
was no treat, either. You worked all your life for distant
owners who couldn't have cared less about you and for
brutal foremen who saw you as one more cog in their
machines, and less desirable than simple brass fittings at
that. Finally you felt the end coming and showed a fit of
temper at just the right (or wrong) moment. The stranger
came to you in the night and showed you a world you had
never dreamed of. It still has bosses, sure, and you still have
duties and restrictions, but it's not the same. You can claim.
to be whatever you want, and who will tell you otherwise?
Maybe something better is in store after all.

Recommended Clans: Brujah, Malkavian, Nosferatu

Attribute Prioritization: Physical, Mental, Social

Ability Prioritization: Talents, Skills, Knowledges

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Mentor

Cabbie

You made your living on the move, learning all the
highways and byways of an ever-changing city, where people
would want to go and how to get them there. It wasn't always
comfortable in extremes of heat and cold, wet and dry, but you
managed, and much can be said for the satisfaction of not being
cooped up in an office or on an assembly line all day. You made
yourselfuseful toall sortsof people, including the littlecabal that
always called on your services at night. After you suffered some
nasty accidents, they offered you a way to escape the mortal
humdrum in favor of travel and adventures of sorts you'd never
thought possible outside cheap fiction. Now you still serve
them, with your increased insight and stamina, and find it all
very satisfactory.

Recommended Clans: Assamite, Gangrel, Giovanni,
Nosferatu

Attribute Prioritization: Physical, Mental, Social

Ability Prioritization: Talents, Skills, Knowledges

Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts,
Mentor

Consulting Investigator

You were always fascinated by the world's mysteriesand
dedicated your life to understanding the hearts and minds
of those around you. Not for you the vain superstitions of
past ages or the pathetic follies of the modern day. Reason


was your guide and science your tool. You unraveled the
mysteries of human behavior, particularly criminal and
other duplicitous actions. You achieved moderate fame for
your work, along with a certain amount of enmity from
those whose misdeeds you exposed. Then came the first
meeting with the man whose condition fell outside every-
thing you knew as possible, except that he was tangibly and
demonstrably real. You nearly broke under the strain of it,
but you rallied. You asked for the opportunity to study this
new phenomenon; he's brought you into the most intimate
contact with it. Some night, you are confident, you will
unravel this puzzle as well.
Recommended Clans: Brujah, Followers of Set,
Malkavian, Nosferatu, Ravnos, Tremere, Tzimisce
Attribute Prioritization: Mental, Social, Physical
Ability Prioritization: Knowledges, Skills, Talents
Recommended Backgrounds: Contac
Mentor, Resources

Influence,

Devout Door

Life began hard and got worse. The priests spoke to
you of the rewards waiting for the virtuous, and you

believed them. You always tried to bear up under the
terrible burdens of life for the sake of proving yourself
worthy of God's grace. You always hoped for mercy in
this life as well as the next, but it was never forthcoming
in any way you could tell. In the midst of such moral
darkness and physical pain, hope burned in you like a
single lamp, sustaining you when it would have been easy
tosuccumb to vice and despair. Something in you touched
the heart of a vampire, though youstill don't' really know
what motivated your sire. Suffice it to say that one of
these unloving creatures made you like them, and per-
haps there is no Heaven at all anymore, at least not for
you. How could God have allowed this to happen? Or is
it in fact His will that you prey on those who are as you
once were? You must know.

Recommended Clans: Assamite (vizier), Brujah,
Nosferatu

Attribute Prioritization: Mental, Physical, Social

Ability Prioritization: Skills, Knowledges, Talents

Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts, In-
fluence


156

Expert Criminal

Honest labor fascinated you. You could watch it all
day. You certainly never wanted to perform it yourself,
and you set about making sure that you didn't have to. By
the time you hit adulthood you were already a terror of
the local underworld, and once you ended up the protégé
of one of the better thugs in the district, you were set. You
inherited some rackets and invented others. Gradually
you faded from view, except in the eyes of other crimi-
nals, who both feared and admired you. One night your
assumptions about how secure your position was came
crashing to the ground with the powerful stranger who
dared you to beat her on your own turf. It was a long time
since you had had a challenge like that ... and you failed
miserably. That was the beginning of the association that
ended up with you becoming a vampire. Now the sky's
the limits for your ambition.

Recommended Clans: Followers of Set, Giovanni,
Malkavian, Nosferatu

Attribute Prioritization: Social, Mental, Physical

Ability Prioritization: Skills, Talents, Knowledges

Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts,
Herd, Resources

Idle Rich

You were born to wealth and power, and to the
knowledge that you would never have to work to main-
tain it. Your ancestors labored hard to earn their money,
but now professionals take care of it for you, leaving you
free to pursue your own interests. You could and did
travel the world, indulging in all your whims, free to
make the life that suited you. You had to submit to no law
except your own desires. Then you discovered that some
of the people who swirled around you in the social elite
had power of sorts you'd never imagined. You wanted it
for your own, and after a long and delicate dance of
negotiations you left life behind. Maybe it wasn't such a
good idea. Now you're at the bottom of a whole new
social ladder and must earn your way up it just as your
ancestors did for you.

Recommended Clans: Followers of Set, Lasombra,
Toreador, Tremere, Ventrue

Attribute Prioritization: Social, Physical, Mental

Ability Prioritization: Talents, Skills, Knowledges

Recommended Backgrounds: Fame, Influence,
Resources, Retainers

Man of Science

You were always fascinated by the world's mysteries
and dedicated your life to understanding it all. Not for
you the vain superstitions of past ages or the pathetic

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

follies of the modern day. Reason was your guide and
science your tools. You achieved moderate fame for your
insights in your chosen field, along with moderate scorn
for daring to challenge deluded verities. Then came the
first meeting with the man whose condition fell outside
everything you knew as possible, except that he was
tangibly and demonstrably real. You nearly broke under
the strain of it, but you rallied. You asked for the oppor-
tunity to study this new phenomenon; he's brought you
into the most intimate contact with it. Some night, you
are confident, you will unravel this puzzle as well.
Recommended Clans: Brujah, Lasombra, Malkavian,
Toreador, Tremere
Attribute Prioritization: Mental, Physical, Social
Ability Prioritization: Knowledges, Skills, Talents
Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Fame, In-
fluence, Resources

Notorious Artist

You've always been filled with the passion to create,
and also to attract attention. Your talent is genuine, but
since inspiration never comes continuously, you also
became the master of the well executed con. Ina society
where patrons are desperate to appear cultured, it's
almost depressingly easy to feed them a plausible lie and
throw around a little misdirection until your muse starts
answering again. For years you pulled off this duplicitous
little jig, but it was starting to wear thin. That was when
you noticed yourself having more and more conversa-
tions with the stranger who seemed to see your soul forall
its good and bad and yet wasn't repulsed by any of it.
When offered the chance to escape the dull and dreary
routine of life for an eternity of invention, what could
you do but escape? Only, the stranger somehow ne-
glected to mention so much ....

Recommended Clans: Followers of Set, Lasombra,
Malkavian, Toreador, Tremere, Ventrue

Attribute Prioritization: Social, Mental, Physical

Ability Prioritization: Abilities, Knowledges, Tal-
ents

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Fame, Herd,
Resources

Detty Criminal

What's yours was yours, and what others had was
yours, too. The world never gives anybody anything
without strings attached, you noticed early on, and you
chose to take what you hadn't been given. It's hard work
being a criminal, much harder work than most people
realize, but it beat being a cog in the mills by far. You
would never quite be your own boss, though you made


yourself valuable to various of the crime bosses where you
lived. Then came the fight that you couldn't win, against
the stranger with powers you'd never imagined. He made
you one of his own ... and turned you loose against your
old allies and rivals. This is great.

Recommended Clans: Brujah, Followers of Set,
Lasombra, Ravnos

Attribute Prioritization: Physical, Social, Mental

Ability Prioritization: Talents, Skills, Knowledges

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Influence,
Mentor, Resources

Prosperous Merchant
You lived neither at the top of the social ladder nor
down in the muck, but comfortably in the middle. Yes,
you always had to work hard, but you earned the rewards
of it: enough wealth to avoid desperation and not nearly
enough to turn into a wastrel fop like the aristocrats who
were your customers. You did your part for the mother-
land and basked in the glories. Only old age and the
prospect of death dimmed your satisfaction with your
circumstances. One night one of your more reliable
customers began to speak with you about ways of cheat-
ing death. There would, she said, always be the need for
men and women just like you to supply the needs of an
unseen population. Now you continue very much as
before, with the prospect of eternal stability ahead. It's
worth the sundry inconveniences of your new condition.
Recommended Clans: Gangrel, Malkavian, Tremere
Attribute Prioritization: Social, Mental, Physical
Ability Prioritization: Skills, Knowledges, Talents
Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Influence,
Resources

Spiritualist

You've always known that an unseen world is out
there. It haunted your dreams. Its inhabitants spoke to
you in silent corners and in the midst of the unhearing
throng. You have always sought to understand it and how
you might come into fuller communion with it. Long ago
you discovered the first clues to the existence of a whole
society of beings halfway beyond the veil of death. Step
by step you learned more about them and finally con-
fronted them with your knowledge. Calmly, they asked
you what you wanted, and you told them that you sought
only to know more of the realms of spirit. They've given
you your wish, and in return you apply your knowledge
for their benefit.

Recommended Clans: Assamite (sorcerer),
Giovanni, Lasombra, Malkavian, Tremere

Attribute Prioritization: Mental, Social, Physical

Ability Prioritization: Knowledges, Talents, Skills

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Herd, In-
fluence, Mentor, Resources

Struggling Merchant

You lived neither at the top of the social ladder nor
down in the muck, but precariously in the middle. You
always had to work hard and never enjoyed either the
reliable misery of poverty or the comfortable success
given to the upper classes. You did your part for the
motherland, though she never seemed to notice as you'd
hope. Old age and the prospect of satisfaction plunged
you into despair. One night one of your more reliable
customers began to speak with you about ways of cheat-
ing death. There would, she said, always be the need for
men and women just like you to supply the needs of an
unseen population. Now you continue very much as
before, except without the constant fears and with the
prospect of eternal stability ahead. It's worth everything
you gave up and much more; you'd do anything to protect
this new existence.

Recommended Clans: Gangrel, Malkavian, Tremere

Attribute Prioritization: Social, Mental, Physical

Ability Prioritization: Skills, Knowledges, Talents

Recommended Backgrounds: Contacts, Influence,
Resources

Zealous Reformer

In your life you did what you could to improve the
world around you, whether through single-minded dedi-
cation toa particular cause or wide-ranging participation
in many efforts at social redress. Blessed with a modicum
of wealth and opportunity by your family, you always felt
that you had to show yourself worthy of your inheritance.
The passion attracted the attention of one your city's
vampires, whether out of admiration, wistful nostalgia,
envy or something else altogether. Now you're wonder-
ing just what you can do with this new inheritance.

Recommended Clans: Brujah, Malkavian, Ravnos

Recommended Paths: Humanity

Attribute Prioritization: Social, Mental, Physical

Ability Prioritization: Talents, Knowledges, Skills

Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts,
Fame, Influence, Resources

CHAPTER FIVE: VICTORIAN CHARACTERS



Chapter Six:
The Practical
Arts

J me 100 i be. WS) ee fe ada
Saw an I it pp "a
then ee raitory min aba
wer, Aha barnes slg of ara nature to

- Nikole Tosle

vee eat
— Thoras stag dion

VICTORIAN AGE COMP ANION

In the nineteenth century as in the twentieth, a time of sweeping
changes began at about midcentury, building upon itself until the last
twenty years saw daily life transformed in ways that the previous genera-
tion could not have imagined. In both centuries, some of the new marvels
of the age were the result of the discoveries and inventions of the first fifty
years finally coming to fruition, while others sprang from drawing boards
and laboratories into widespread use with breathtaking speed.

For the wealthier strata of society, these new developments made
possible a whole new range of extravagances and one-upsmanship. For the
middle class, the rise of mass-production techniques and mechanized
manufacturing meant more affordable shoes, clothing and household
items, available in greater variety and with more uniform quality, while at
the same time bringing some "luxury" items within reach. Even the lower
classes felt some of the benefits, but it was also they who provided the labor
that drove this new economic engine forward, working grueling hours for
minimal pay in mills and factories built with little regard for their workers'
health and safety.

For the Kindred living in those times, these changes brought new
opportunities and extended capabilities, along with new threats. They
also brought a new factor into the maneuverings of vampire society, in that
those of younger generations, and especially the newly Embraced, are
more likely to have an appreciation of the possibilities of the new
technology and to have the understanding of it needed to use it to their
advantage.

Transportation

As with many of the technologies that flower during the Victorian
age, the advances in transportation that characterize the era represent the
convergence of many separate developments of the preceding century or
so. The growth of metallurgical understanding, the invention of vulca-
nized rubber and refinements in steam engines allowing the chief source
of mobile motive power to become more powerful and more dependable
while at the same time less bulky and heavy, all took place independently.
Together, they set the stage for innovations that would enable people and
products to be moved greater distances in less time than at any previous
point in history.

Horse Dower

When most people think of "transportation" in the 1880s and 1890s,
the more technological means of getting from place to place tend to take
center stage. Despite progress, however, travel on horseback, or in horse-
drawn conveyances, remains the dominant means of moving about in
tural areas, and cabs and carriages pulled by one or more horses are still
common amid the increasingly choked traffic of the cities.

Earlier in the century, the work of John Loudon McAdam trans-
formed many of the roads of Britain from muddy, rutted tracks to
hard-surfaced, relatively smooth beds of packed gravel, with some thought
given to the drainage of rainwater. These new "macadamized" roads
provided surer footing for horses and superior surfaces for the wheels of the
vehicles drawn by them, making travel both safer and faster for people and
animals alike. (Many of McAdam's road-building innovations — some of


which he adapted from examinations of the incredibly
durable roads built by the Romans —are still used in the
Final Nights.) Improvements in design made the car-
tiages of the cities' well-to-do more comfortable and
smoother-riding, and the introduction of rubber tires
around 1880 eliminated much of the noise associated
with the rolling of wheels over cobblestone streets, so
much so that regulations soon required harness bells and
the like so that cabs and carriages could still be heard as
they approached.

The implications for Kindred should be obvious.
Being able to move freely about the countryside by night,
without the threat of your carriage sinking up to its axles
in mud, stranding you and your belongings in the middle
of nowhere, and possibly past daybreak, is a very impor-
tant benefit. Riding across London in an enclosed
brougham in smooth, unencumbered privacy appeals to
mortal and vampire alike, though possibly for somewhat
differing reasons. The advantages afforded by quiet,
rubber-tired wheels likely need no explanation.

Railways

Though it had its birth in the early years of the 19th
century, it took several decades for railway travel to
reach its maturity. In the beginning, locomotives were
noisy, dirty, underpowered contraptions, belching smoke
and expelling soot that would often settle on the passen-
gers riding in the open, unsheltered cars pulled by them.
By the 1880s, those early engines had evolved into
sophisticated steam-powered behemoths that could haul
large numbers of passengers or tons of freight across the
countryside at speeds up to eighty miles an hour. The
systems of tracks on which they ran have been both
expanded and improved, with steel rails replacing iron
(or iron-capped wood!) and railway networks ranging
throughout the entirety of Britain, as well as spidering
over almost all of continental Europe and reaching from
coast to coast in the United States. Thanks to the British
and other colonial powers, rail systems have also been
established across India and in several regions of Africa.

Passenger accommodations have improved dramati-
cally as well, with the introduction of fully enclosed,
heated coaches, dining cars and, for longer trips, sleeping
cars. In the 1870s, Pullman sleeping cars, already suc-
cessful in America, were brought to Britain, offering a
new level of comfort and luxury to those travelers able to
afford it.

The ability to traverse long distances in relatively
short periods is of obvious benefit to Kindred needing to
travel, even if they might have needs different from those
of mortal passengers. To avoid exposure to sunlight, not

to mention scrutiny by other travelers, vampires might
travel as "freight" in carefully sealed crates or chests,
often accompanied by bonded ghouls or other trusted
servants journeying as ordinary passengers. While this is
hardly the height of style or comfort, it represents a vast
improvement over spending twice as many nights (or
more) traveling overland by coach.

Strange Travelers

The Victorian railroads are less thoroughly
regulated than in later times. Each railroad sets
most of its own policies, and the individual offi-
cials aboard each train have substantial latitude
in énforcing these rules. Passengers'can and do
routinely request (and pay for) special services,
from a particular berth to not being disturbed
during routine cleaning to moving unusually large
and heavy boxes without opening them.

For the truly wealthy, a level of luxury exists above
and beyond that of Mr. Pullman's hotels-on-rails: the
private railway car. Such cars can be built to order by
Pullman or other companies, with décor and amenities of
their owners' choosing. ("Heavy brocade curtains, ca-
pable of blocking out all light in the daytime hours?
Certainly, sir, of course, sir." The wealthy are often
known for their eccentricities, after all. Or perhaps the
new owner is a dabbler in the burgeoning art of photog-
raphy?)

Once delivered, these rail-borne land yachts can be
attached to commercial trains by arrangement between
their owners and the railway companies. They are staffed
not by the trains' crews but by their owners' own employ-
ees, and their occupants can thus journey in complete
privacy. Ownership of a private railcar represents the
ultimate in stylish, comfortable land travel, for the living
and vampires alike.

Steamships

Prior to the advent of steam power, crossing an
ocean was a long, often tedious and occasionally danger-
ous undertaking. The passage from Liverpool to New
York aboard a sailing ship took a minimum of three weeks,
and the trip was often several times longer, depending on
the vagaries of wind and weather. Ships were built mostly
for the transport of cargo and had only limited, if any,
berths for passengers. What accommodations they did
have commonly offered little in the way of privacy.

For Kindred wishing to make the journey, this all
presented obvious difficulties. Faced with such a lengthy
voyage, a vampire choosing to remain active had to

CHAPTER SI: THE PRACTICAL ARTS


somehow feed discreetly while among the small, closed
group of people aboard the ship. Preventing discovery by
putting on living semblance by other supernatural means
only exacerbated the problem by requiring the expendi-
ture of blood and thereby requiring feeding that much
more frequently. A passenger avoiding exposure to sun-
light also could not help but attract unwanted attention.
The alternative, making the trip in a state of voluntary
torpor, carried its own set of complications.

While experiments with steam-powered watercraft
began in the early 19th century, it took time for the
technology to advance to the point where it could
realistically be used to propel a ship across an ocean. By
the late 1830s, the first Atlantic crossings entirely under
steam power had been made, and from that point onward
the days of sail were numbered. Soon steam-driven
vessels would ply all the world's seas, shaving first days
and then weeks off the time needed to travel from port to
port and ending their dependence on the seasonal varia-
tions of the winds. Steam power also greatly reduced the
dangers inherent in ocean travel by enabling vessels in
many cases to sail away from storms, rather than being
swept into them.

Steamships became gradually larger and faster, until
by 1880 the fastest of them could make the Liverpool to
New York trip in about a week. The business of carrying
passengers grew from the minor sideline it had been for
most sailing vessels into the primary purpose of many of
the new steamers, with the launch of the first true ocean
liners. While it will still be a few decades before these
grew into the opulent floating palaces (at least for the
first-class passengers) of the early 20th century, the
accommodations provided are already far beyond any-
thing seen before, with private staterooms, (limited)
recreational facilities and other amenities.

Ocean travel now presents far less of an obstacle to
Kindred, as the passage between many ports now takes
less time than even high-generation neonates can go
between feedings. It is not thought unusual for a passen-
ger to remain secluded in his statement, "stricken with
seasickness," with meals brought to him by a traveling
companion or servant. Over longer journeys, the in-
creased privacy makes discreetly feeding from a
blood-bonded ghoul or other companion a simple mat-
ter. Now the greatest risks are in port at each end of the
journey: ambitious vampires looking for leverage over
their rivals constantly fight for information about and
authority over harbor activities. At night the ports of
major cities swarm with vampires in search of the next
big break, and during the day their mortal agents, lack-
eys, hangers-on and hapless prey likewise snoop and
sneak.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

__

Other Vehicular Innovations

While improved roads, the expanding rail networks
and the appearance of steamships make travel much
simpler and easier for Kindred and mortal alike, these are
not the only advances in transportation to make them-
selves felt in the Victorian age. Many of these
developments are beyond the scope of this overview, but
two deserve special mention because of their impact on
Victorian society and their implications for future eras.

Bicycles

The preceding decades saw the appearance of the
high-wheeled, difficult-to-ride and generally dangerous
"ordinary" or "penny-farthing" bicycles. The so-called
"safety" bicycle, with two equal-sized wheels, a frame
resembling those of modern bikes and pedals coupled by
achain or shaft to the rear wheel, was not developed until
the 1870s. By 1890, a number of additional improve-
ments, including the dramatically smoother ride made
possible by John B. Dunlop's invention of pneumatic
(air-filled) tires, set the stage for the explosion of the
bicycle's popularity.

Mass-production manufacturing makes cycling af-
fordable for all but the poorest classes, and it's only a
small exaggeration to say that in the cities of Britain and
America, "everyone" is riding in the 1890s, both for
recreation and transportation. From the daily commute
of workers to and from work to the changes in women's
fashions (long skirts, bustles and other soon-to-be-out-
moded modes of dress being impractical for cycling), the
impact is already felt across all levels of society.

So, does this mean that many vampires of the 1890s
are likely to take to the streets on two-wheelers? Well,
perhaps not. It's here mostly for the flavor of mortal
society. Bicycling at night is substantially more compli-
cated and less reliable than daytime riding. But in the
right circumstances, a desperate vampire, a handy bi-
cycle anda few dots of Potence or Celerity could combine
to produce wonders.

Automobiles

These self-propelled "horseless carriages" were much
more of a curiosity than acommon sight through most of
the Victorian era. Residents of major cities were the most
likely to have ever seen one, and few individuals other
than the quite well-off could consider owning one. They
were noisy, undependable and largely looked upon as
dangerous nuisances by those sharing the streets with
them. While many autos of the period were capable of
speeds up to 25 or 30 miles per hour, the city of London
quickly imposed a speed limit of 14 miles per hour in the
interest of the safety of horses, bicyclists and pedestrians,
and in many places, a man on foot, waving a warning


C 2 : a,
DEER OL oe ee,

flag(!), was required to precede a motorcar by a specified
number of yards, to warn other traffic that the car was
coming.

Victorian Kindred of a bent to acquire status sym-
bols, or those taking an active interest in the mechanical
arts, might be inclined to purchase one of these early
autos, though such vehicles are not quite yet perfected to
the point of being practical transportation.

Cut to the Chase

People chase each other for all sorts of reasons:
police chase criminals, hunters chase their prey, people
running late chase their cabs and trains. These rules let
players and Storytellers figure out what happens once a
chase begins with a minimum of fuss and with as much
room as po:
to affect the outcome.

sible for the characters' choices and aptitudes

These rules do not provide all the detail that a
tactical wargame would, even though they incorporate
actual historical information about acceleration, speed
and handling. In the end it all comes down to standard
rolls for performance and control in the midst of the
chase, using Dexterity + Drive for carri
automobiles and other vehicles and Dexterity + Athlet-
ics for characters on foot.

2s, wagons,

|

be EA

y

Players and Storytellers may wonder whether chase
scenes are actually appropriate for Victorian melodra-
matic and Gothic storytelling. The answer is yes, with
the caveat that Gothic chases aren't like the vehicular
stunt work in the tradition of films like Bullitt and The
French Connection. Gothic literature abounds with chases
in atmospheric nighttime settings: the hero after a vil-
lain absconding in the fog, the race to deliver crucial
information to the victims of a curse or haunting before
it's too late, the desperate pursuit of the con artist who's
been impersonating the vanished duke before the conman
can escape overseas. The element of mystery is usually
strong, with one or more participants unknown to the
others and time running out.

1]
aa

When describing a chase scene, the Storyteller should
play up the qualities that make full understanding of the
situation difficult. Between the streetlights, the night is
very dark. The fog is always thickest and most muffling
just when clear lines of sight and sound would be most
welcome. Dark curtains or wooden shutters make it
impossible for pursuers to tell whether the fleeing kid-
napper still has his victim along with him; perhaps the
chase is all in vain! Up ahead, the manor whose inhab-
itants the characters hope to save is already in flames,
and perhaps rescue cannot come in time. The physical

PT Se! es
1

I


act of chase goes together with the intellectual or spiri-
tual pursuit of knowledge and opportunity to act
constructively despite all resistance.

The Qualities of a Vehicle

Every participant in a chase has a speed rating. People
and vehicles with higher speed ratings go faster but have
more difficulty maneuvering in limited space. Each kind
of vehicle (including foot power, both mortal and super-
naturally enhanced) also has a handling rating. The higher
the handling rating, the fewer problems the driver has
maintaining control even at high speeds. The range is
just what it sounds like, how far the vehicle can go
without needing fuel or, in the case of animals, food,
water and rest. The armor rating measures the vehicle's
ability to withstand damage itself and to protect its
passengers. The passenger rating is the number of people
a vehicle can carry. The resources rating is the level of
Resources needed to acquire a typical example of that
type of vehicle.

© Speed. Speed 1 is normal human walking speed, 7—
10 yards a turn or 3-5 miles an hour. Each additional
point of Speed adds up to 10 yards per turn or 5 mph. A
vehicle or supernaturally fast person covers 10-20 yards
per turn or 5—10 mph at Speed 2, 20-30 yards per turn or
10-15 mph at Speed 3 and so on.

* Acceleration. No animal or vehicle can go from
standing still to top speed instantaneously, and some
accelerate much faster than others. The chart below lists
speed as a series of numbers, such as 1, 3 for people or 1,
3, 5 for a typical town car of the 1890s. The car moves at
speed 1 the first turn it's moving, speed 3 the second turn
and its maximum rate of speed 5 on the third turn. Some
vehicles have a high top speed but are slow to get
underway and have speed rating which increase slowly,
suchas 1, 1, 2,2, 3,4, 5, 6, 8, 10, 12 for typical passenger
trains. The fewer speed numbers, the faster the vehicle is
underway.

When braking, reverse the process: a vehicle can
safely count back two steps along its series of speed
numbers each turn. A person can go from 3 to | in one
turn, and the car can go from 5 to | in that turn, too. The
train takes eleven turns to go from zero to its top speed of
about 60 mph and five turns to brake safely, going from
12 to 8 on the first turn, 8 to 6 on the second, 6 to 4.on
the third, 4 to 2 on the fourth and finally 2 to 1.

¢ Handling. Handling is an abstract quality, com-
bining physical capability for stopping and turning with
the perception and presence of mind necessary to re-
spond to rapidly changing circumstances. The higher the
Handling, the better control in the midst of a chase.

© Range. This is the distance in miles that a vehicle
can go on a full load of whatever fuel it runs on.

¢ Armor. Each point of armor adds one die of lethal
soak to each passenger in the vehicle. When a second
number appears in brackets, it's the number of successes
a personal weapon must achieve to penetrate the vehicle
at all.

© Passengers. All vehicles can carry their driver,
and most can carry at least one person more. This is the
number of passengers that the vehicle can carry without
impairing its reliability. Subtract one from the Handling
rating for each additional passenger above the car's
rating.

* Cost. This is the number of dots in the Resources
background a character must have to acquire the vehicle
without fuss or difficulty. See Chapter Five, p. 152, for
tules on characters buying beyond their means.

The Mechanics of Pursuit

Each turn, each driver (or runner and anyone else
moving independently) does her best to move fast but
safely. Roll Dexterity + Drive for characters operating a
vehicle, Dexterity + Ride for characters riding horses and
other animals or Dexterity + Athletics for characters on
foot. The difficulty for each of this roll is 6 + (Speed —
Handling, with a minimum of 3 and a maximum of 9. A
normal person sprinting flat out has Speed 3 and Han-
dling 3, so the difficulty is 6 + (3 — 3), or just plain 6. A
typical town car has Speed 5 and Handling 4, so if it's
goingas fast as it's made to go, the difficulty of the driving
roll is 6 + (5-4) = 6 + 1 =7. It's harder to control a car
adequately under those circumstances than it is to just
run.

The players of the pursuer and the pursued both try
to accumulate successes on their respective rolls. Each
turn, they add their current Speed as automatic suc-
cesses. The pursued adds his successes to the chase total,
while the pursuer subtracts hers. The chase total begins
equal to the pursued character's top Speed, reflecting his
head start. If the chase total reaches zero, the pursuer has
caught up with the pursued and can pull alongside if he
has space. If the chase total reaches 2 x (pursuer's Speed
+ pursued's Speed), the pursued has managed a clean
getaway and the chase ends.

Specific circumstances can modify the starting chase
total. Every ten yards' distance equals a "distance" of one
point. Use the generic figure for occasions when the
Storyteller doesn't have a detailed map or other condi-
tions in mind.

Example: Roberta Whirter is getting into her car when a
young thug makes a successful grab for the satchel she's
carrying. It doesn't contain anything of direct monetary


Vehicle Table
Vehicle
Human
Horse
1-horse carriage
2-horse carriage
Wagon
Coach and four
Steam car
Automobile
Old train

WON ubhntUw

h 2, 3¥4;
, 6, 8, 10, 12
» 27354, 5,6,
8, 10, 12, 15,20
1855
1,1, 2, 2,3,4,5
1,1, 235 oe

Modern train

Sailboat
Cargo ship
Steamship

Range Armor Passengers
30 0 1

50* 2

50* 4

50* 6

50* 6 + cargo,
50* 6

20 2

50 2

300 [8] 400.

UNenernHod

500 - 5 [10] eecce ce
N/A
5,000
5,000.

3 [5] 6
5 [10]. 20
5 [10] _ 300 (or more)

*Range increases when the driver goes less than flat out: 60 miles at Speed 6, 75 miles at Speed 5, 100 miles

at Speed 4 or less.

+: Add 1 to Handling if the vehicle caries less than half its maximum passenger load; add 2 ifthe passenger

load is less than 10% of maximum.

Notes: Each dot of Celerity adds its value to a vampire's or ghoul's Speed: +1 for Celerity 1, plus another

2 points of Speed for Celerity 2, plus another 3 points for Celerity 3, etc. The total is therefore: Celerity 1 adds
+1, Celerity 2 adds +3, Celerity 3 adds +6, Celerity 4 adds +10 and Celerity 5 adds +15.
Each dot of Potence adds 1 point of Speed: Potence 1 adds +1, Potence 2 adds +2, etc.

value, but he doesn't know that, and she doesn't want her
records on the patrons of her chauffeuring business in anyone' s
hands but hers. So while he runs off, she gets into the car and
fires it up to set off in pursuit. (Under other circumstances
she'd just burn the blood to boost her physical attributes, but
she's still recovering from recent injuries and knows she can't
match him on foot.) She has Dexterity 3 and Drive 3, while
the thug has Dexterity 3 and Athletics 3.

Turn 1: The chase total begins at 3, the thug's maximum
speed. The thug was walking past Roberta and now starts to
run. He goes from Speed | to 3. The ST rolls six dice with
difficulty 6 + (Speed 3 — Handling 3), or 6. The thug earns
three successes and gains two automatically for his speed.
Since Roberta is spending this turn starting his car, she can't
offset his gains, and the chase total ends at 8.

Turn 2. The thug remains at Speed 3, his maximum.
This roll and subsequent ones will be at difficulty 6 + (Speed
3 Handling 3), or 6. This turn he earns three successes and
gains three automatically. The chase total rises to 14. Roberta
gets underway, accelerating from Speed 0 to Speed 1. This
turn's roll is at difficulty 6 + (Speed 1 — Handling 4), or 3.

She earns three successes and gains one automatically for
speed, and the chase total falls by 5, to 9.

Turn 3: The thug presses on. He earns four successes this
tum and gains three for speed, so the chase total rises to 16.
Roberta accelerates from Speed | to 3. Her difficulty this turn
is 6 + (Speed 3 — Handling 4), or 5, and she earns four
successes as well, plus three automatic successes for speed.
Her successes reduce the chase total right back to 9.

Turn 4: The thug continues to run. This turn he earns
only three successes plus his three automatic ones. The chase
total rises to 15. Roberta pushes her car up to its maximum
safe speed of 5. The difficulty for her roll on this and
subsequent turns is 6 + (Speed 5 — Handling 4), or 7. This
turn she earns two successes plus the five automatic successes
for speed, and the chase total falls to 8. Her automobile's
advantages begin to display themselves.

Turn 5: The thug sees no alternative preferable to
continuing to run away as fast as he can. He does well this
turn, earning four successes and gaining three for his speed.
The chase total climbs back up to 15. Roberta presses on as

CHAPTER SIA: THE PRACTICAL ARTS


BS DRL Se ve

well. She again earns two successes and gains five for speed,
and the chase total returns to 8.

Turn 6: Both continue. The thug doesn't do as well this
turn, only earning two successes in addition to his automatic
three. The chase total climbs only to 13. Roberta is lucky and
earns four successes plus her automatic five, and the chase
total plummets to 4. The thug can feel the steam on the back
of his neck.

Turn 7. The chase continues, Roberta now grinning
much more than the thug. Once again he only earns two
successes plus his automatic three. The chase total rises to 9.
Roberta exerts herself (and her player spends a point of
Willpower) . She earns three successes, plus her five for speed
and the 1 for Willpower, and the chase total reaches 0. She's
caught up with the thug and can run him over next turn.

Maneuvering during the Chase

Relative speed differences make it harder to shoot,
jump onto or otherwise affect the other participants in a
chase. Subtract the faster participant's speed from the
slower to find this difference — if the pursuer is at Speed
5 and the pursuer is at Speed 3, for instance, the differ-
ence is 2. Half the difference, rounded up, applies as a
difficulty penalty to long-range actions such as firing a
gun and throwing a knife at the other participant. The
full difference applies as a penalty to direct actions such
as jumping from one carriage onto another (along with
the usual restrictions on distance and the like).

Treat a fall to the ground from a vehicle as equiva-
lent to falling 10 feet for every point of Speed. (See
Vampire, p. 227 for the details.) If someone is falling
because an attacker successfully grabbed him and threw
him out of the vehicle, add the attacker's successes to the
dice pool for damage just as if it were a directly struck
blow.

Agile pursuers and objects of pursuit have the ad-
vantage when maneuvering in tight spaces. Carriages,
wagons and cars all need 10 feet plus 10 feet for each
point of Speed to turn safely. Every 10 feet less than that
minimum subtracts 2 from the effective Handling for
that turn. A failure on the Drive roll for the turn forces
the vehicle down to Speed 1 again. A botch brings the
vehicle to a complete halt and inflicts one die of bashing
damage per rolled 1 on its passengers.

Vehicle Damage

Vehicles have "health levels" analogous to those of
mortals and vampires. Damage reduces the vehicle's
structural integrity until it collapses, blows up or other-
wise ceases to function.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

FASS

Structural Dice Description
Level Penalty
Scraped 0 Noticeably nicked and bashed
but not impaired in perfor-
mance.

Minor structural damage. Re-
duce Handling by 1.
Significant structural damage.
Reduce top Speed by 1.
Serious structural damage. Re
duce Handling and Speed by 2.
Structurally unsound, liable to
collapse at any moment. Re-
ducing Handling and Speed by 3.
Only marginally operable. Re-
duce Handling and Speed by 4.
The vehicle cannot move un-
der its own power.

The vehicle has ceased to exist
as aunified entity, and its parts
lie strewn over the landscape.
Vehicles capable of exploding do.

Dented
Battered
Smashed

Breached

Wrecked -4
Broken Down

Demolished

The dice penalty applies to the driver's efforts at
handling the vehicle and to attacks launched by passen-
gers at anyone outside it. The driver may spend 1
Willpower to negate this penalty for one full turn.

Repairs take suitable parts and time. Fixing Smashed
damage takes new parts, and fixing Breached and worse
damage requires the full facilities of the sort of shop
where the vehicle was made. All these efforts require a
roll of Dexterity + Crafts, difficulty 6. Success restores
the vehicle to full working condition. The time required
depends on the severity of the damage, as follows. The
time may be spread across multiple nights if necessary.

Structural Level Repair Time

Scraped 30 minutes

Dented 1 hour

Battered 2 hours

Smashed 6 hours

Breached 12 Hours

Wrecked 24 hours

Broken Down 48 hours

Demolished 168 hours

Being Driven on the Chase

In many circumstances, the characters don't drive
themselves in a chase. They hop onto a convenient cab
and promise the drivera shilling to overtake that bounder


up ahead, hire a train for their chase and otherwise rely
on the services of others.

Unless some specific reason exists to do otherwise in
a particular scene, the Storyteller should let the player of
the character who hires their driver make the rolls for the
chase. A typical driver of any kind has Dexterity 3 and
Drive 3 (or 3 dots in whatever the appropriate ability for
this occasion is). This is slightly above average, but
prevailing unemployment means that even quite skilled
individuals must go looking for work and are therefore
available for hiring.

Characters may try to hire someone better than aver-
age. Ifcircumstances allow fora selection of possible drivers,
such asa row of cabs all waiting for fares outside the theater,
one or more characters may look for the best one. Roll
Perception + Etiquette, difficulty 7; every two successes on
the single best roll adds one to the driver's dice pool for the
duration of the chase. This requires one minute for each roll
to check the immediate vicinity. Longer-term research
earns better results, when time isn't quite so urgent: roll
Perception + Etiquette, difficulty 7, with each success on
the single best roll adding one to the driver's dice pool. This
requires one hour for land vehicles or one full night for sea
craft. Each additional unit of time (minute, hour or night
depending on the nature of the roll) spent in the search adds
one die to the searcher's dice pool.

The available drivers, even the very best ones, are
mortals, so no matter how many successes a character
earns in searching for a good one, the driver's dice pool
cannot go higher than 9, for Dexterity 4 and Drive 5.
Bypassing the first available driver in a queue is a signifi-
cant breach of etiquette and imposes a +2 difficulty
penalty on the character's social dice pools for the rest of
the scene.

Long-term Chases

The discussion so far covers turn-by-turn chases,
each turn reflecting a few seconds' worth of action.
Because Speed is tied to actual movement rates, how-
ever, precisely the same rules work for chases on longer
terms. If the "turns" of a chase are more than a few
minutes each, disregard acceleration, since everyone has
time to go as fast as they can and want to by the start of
the second turn. The chase total grows and shrinks in
precisely the same way, even if it reflects longer dis-
tances.

Many Victorian stories feature a desperate train
chase with the heroes in a hired or commandeered
special train trying to overtake the regular run, or steam-
ing out in pursuit of an enemy who's already set to sea.
Use these rules for those chases as well as for the ones
through city streets and country lanes.

Communications

For those not wishing to travel long distances but
merely to communicate over them, the Victorian era
also represents the blossoming of several previously im-
mature technologies as well as the dawn of some new
ones. Whether across the city or to the other side of the
globe, it became possible to send messages quickly be-
tween most points of the civilized world. For both mortals
and Kindred, this is a big improvement over needing to
wait days, weeks or even months for a letter to be
delivered to a distant destination and then facing a
similar wait for a reply to arrive.

The Telegraph

Experimentation with telegraphlike devices began
in the late 1700s, but none of the early prototypes was
practical for widespread adoption or long-distance use.
Among other drawbacks, they required twenty-six wires,
one for each letter of the alphabet, connecting the
sender with the receiver. Stringing such sets of cables
over intercity, never mind transcontinental, distances
would have been far too costly and difficult.

The solution came in the 1840s, in the form of
Samuel Morse's now-familiar "dot-dash-dot" code, which
alloweda single wire to connect distant operators' equip-
ment. With this crucial last piece of the puzzle in place,
telegraphy soon exploded into widespread use. Wire
networks were quickly strung up to carry messages far and
wide, often following the same routes as the railways. In
1866, the first successful transatlantic cable was com-
pleted, enabling rapid communications between Britain
and North America for the first time. More undersea
cables quickly followed, along with ambitious overland
cable projects, and by 1872 it was possible to send a
message from London to Melbourne, Australia. Within
twenty years, few places in the civilized world were
beyond the reach of the telegraph network.

Telegraphy is not without its complications, how-
ever. Tosenda message, one must visit a telegraph office.
(In the U.S., the telegraph system was initially operated
by a number of regional private companies, though by
1880 Western Union had consolidated many of them
intoanetwork handling 80% of traffic, largely by striking
mutually beneficial agreements with the railroads along
whose tracks the lines ran. In Britain and British territo-
ries, the General Post Office took over running the
system in 1870.) The sender writes out her message on a
form and paysa fee based on the number of words in it and
the distance it's being sent. The operator then converts
it into Morse code and sends it; another operator at the

CHAPTER SIA: THE PRACTICAL ARTS


destination transcribes it back into readable text, and a
telegram with the resulting message is delivered to the
recipient at the address the sender directed. Messages
going very long distances might go through one or more
relay stations along the way, and even over short dis-
tances communicating this way has no privacy: at least
one person reads it at each stop along the way.
Individuals needing to transmit "sensitive" informa-
tion, such as businessmen, diplomats, international spies
and Kindred, needed some means of communicating
privately via telegram. Obviously coded messages would
be likely to attract attention and, especially in times of
political or international tension, might focus official
scrutiny on both sender and receiver. Instead, individu-
als and organizations in need of private communications
often devised systems of code phrases, bits of innocuous-
seeming text that would carry some prearranged meaning
when inserted into an ordinary-looking message. The
development, analysis and cracking of such codes em-
ploys some of the finest analytical minds of the day.

The Telephone

In 1873, a young Canadian inventor named
Alexander Graham Bell began experimenting with a
means to carry multiple telegraph messages simulta-
neously over the same wire. His ideas for a so-called
"harmonic telegraph" never quite worked out. They did,
however, lead to the far more significant development
that was to make his name famous the world over.

The speed with which the telephone went from
invention to commercial service put the telegraph sys-
tem to shame. From Bell's initial patent application in
early 1876, it took only a little more than a year for the
inventor and his two business partners to form the first
Bell Telephone Company. By 1878, 10,755 Bell phones
were in service in the U.S. By 1880, that number would
grow to 133,000.

Initially, service was limited to calling other tele-
phone customers connected to the same exchange,
typically meaning within one's own city or general area.
Calls are connected by operators sitting at switchboards,
manually plugging in cables to connect the calling party
to the line they wished to call. The dial system would not
be introduced for several decades; for now, callers speak
to the operator and say whom they wish to speak to.

In 1885, long-distance telephone service is born
with the creation of American Telephone & Telegraph
(AT&T) by the chief operating officer of American Bell,
Theodore Vail. Under Vail's direction, the Bell System
had been brought to completion, with licensed local
companies providing local service, Western Electric

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION
3%

(acquired from Western Union) manufacturing equip-
ment, and AT&T interconnecting the local companies
so that any customer, anywhere on the system, could now
call any other customer, regardless of location. With
technological improvements and the further expansion
of the network into new areas, growth would continue.
In 1892 Bell controls 240,000 telephones.

In Britain, the adoption of the telephone is not
nearly as meteoric. The Telephone Company Ltd. was
formed in 1878 to market Bell's invention and the
service to operate it, followed quickly by a number of
competitors, including, in 1881, the Post Office. By 1884
only 13,000 telephones are in use throughout Britain,
and those mostly in the offices of the government, major
businesses and the homes of the well-heeled. Thanks to
the loosening that year of restrictions previously im-
posed by the Post Office, all that begins to change. Trunk
lines enabling intercity calls become much more abun-
dant, and, more importantly for the popularization of
telephone use, the first "public call offices" or pay phones
were introduced, allowing anyone to make a three-minute
call for as little as tuppence (a little under 1p).

From that point, the growth of telephone service
and the telephone network in Britain accelerates. Sub-
marine cables link England to France in 1891, enabling
calls between the Continent and England. Trunk lines
extend to Glasgow, Belfast and Dublin in 1895 and
spread out from each of those hubs to the smaller towns
of their respective regions.

Wireless Telegraphy

Wireless telegraphy is one of the earliest applica-
tions of wireless, or what would later come to be known
as radio, technology. In 1896, Italian inventor Guglielmo
Marconi demonstrates his system of "telegraphy without
wires" for the British Post Office, after his own govern-
ment fails to show any interest. After successfully
transmitting over a distance of 300 yards, Marconi re-
ceives both permission to continue his experiments and
financial backing, leading to the formation of the Marconi
Wireless Telegraph and Signal Company the following
year. By 1899, Marconi succeeds in sending signals across
the English Channel.

While historically actual applications for radio tech-
nology did not come into use until after the period which
is the focus of this book, it would not be difficult to
imagine private parties making certain developments
just a few years earlier, possibly covertly and with the aid
of Kindred patrons. Players and Storytellers thinking
along these lines are encouraged to read up on such
pioneers as Heinrich Rudolf Hertz and Nikola Tesla, in
addition to Marconi.


Other Developments

Dozens of other technologies either made great
strides or first came into their own during the Victorian
age, but most of them are beyond the scope of this book,
not to mention unlikely to appear in a roleplaying game.
However, a few more deserve some mention, either due
to their high visibility or their potential influence on
your game.

Heating and Lighting

Heat might not be much of an issue for vampires
themselves, but it certainly is for any living servants or
associates that might live or work in their abode. The
necessity also exists for keeping up appearances, particu-
larly in the town or city. Sooner or later, outsiders will
notice the absence of smoke from chimneys, the absence
of coal deliveries and the like.

While many older homes of the 1880s and 1890s,
especially those in outlying areas, still rely on wood-
burning fireplaces, more modern means of heating are
now available. Coal-burning stoves have become com-
mon, and, especially in the cities, many homes and other
buildings have been fitted with steam heat systems. Cast-
iron radiators are located throughout the house, supplied
with steam via pipes connecting them to a coal-fired
boiler usually located in the basement. Even those Kin-
dred not particularly interested in progress welcome the
ability to heat their domiciles without being exposed to
the dangers of open flame.

Lighting also makes significant advances during this
period. Gas lighting, which made its first appearance in
the form of street lighting in London in the early years of
the 19th century, has come into common use in many
public buildings and increasingly common use in private
homes as well. While not completely without the dan-
gers of flame, gas lamps are at least far less hazardous than
earlier light sources such as candles, oil lamps and kero-
sene lighting. Safe and practical flameless light would
not appear until the advent of incandescent electric
lighting. Several spectacular public demonstrations of
electrical lighting occur at exhibitions and in chosen
urban neighborhoods in the 1880s, but these don't lead
immediately to wider application. Electrification of pri-
vate homes begins in the 1890s and takes decades more
to spread to rural areas.

Photography

Photography originated in the 1820s with large,
unwieldy, not-terribly-portable equipment that required
hours-long exposures to produce an image. The follow-
ing decades brought rapid improvements, both in the

practicality of camera equipment and the quality and
stability of the photographs it produced, until, by the
1880s, something resembling modern photography has
emerged. Cameras are still heavy and delicate affairs, and
the emulsion-coated glass plates used to capture images
are bulky and fragile, but the plates are now being mass-
produced. Photography has made the transition from
being the domain of a small number of technically savvy
experts to something that anyone having the inclination
and moderate resources can dabble in.

One more breakthrough brings picture-taking to the
masses in a form that is both affordable and did not
require extensive technical knowledge. In the U.S.,
George Eastman comes up with the idea of applying a dry
emulsion not to rigid glass plates but to a flexible roll of
clear celluloid. In 1888 Eastman begins selling his Kodak
No. 1 camera preloaded with roll film. These cameras are
sealed and are returned to the company for processing
once the film is used up, much like the "single-use"
cameras available in the 21st century. The camera,
loaded with a fresh roll of film, is returned to the cus-
tomer along with his prints.

Do many of the Kindred feel the urge to become
shutterbugs? Probably not. The advent of the common,
inexpensive camera presents a new danger for vampires,
however, in the form of photographic evidence of their
activities becoming far more likely. While the outlandish
tales given by a hysterical eyewitness or two might be easily
dismissed by authorities, asnapshot could provide a far more
convincing reason to begin an official inquiry ....

Implements of
Destruction

Firearms improve primarily in two key qualities:
range and rate of fire. Some improvements are in the
capability of ammunition in a particular caliber to deal
out more damage, particularly with explosive and other
specialized rounds, but the bullets of the Twilight Era can
kill people dead just as thoroughly as bullets of later eras
if they hit solidly. Players accustomed to playing gun-
toting characters of the Final Nights must adjust their
expectations as to how far and how often their Victorian
Age: Vampire characters can shoot, without also ex-
pecting targets to be able to shrug off the resulting
wounds.

A few words on the subject of gun control are in
order here. One word in particular: "None." The idea
that the government can or should restrict citizens' and
subjects' ownership of guns in any way hasn't entered

CHAPTER SIA: THE PRACTICAL ARTS


political discourse by the end of the Twilight Era. Dis-
armament is a penalty inflicted on the losers in a war, and
it ends once the terms of reparation are met. The major
restrictions on private ownership of guns are therefore
practic:
the first place, to protect it from theft, to carry it when
one would like to use it and so on. The London Metro-

one's ability to buy the gun and ammunition in

politan Police are unarmed, but not due to an ideological
commitment to disarmament; they simply don't find
guns helpful for most of their work.

Players in the early 21st century no doubt have all
sorts of views as to whether and in what ways gun control

is now desirable. Keep in mind two key points. First, the
world of the late 19th century differs from you
ways. Second, whatever your personal judgments, this is
the way it was then. Characters of political inclination
may become involved in the slowly growing debate over
public safety, but in some way:
matches historical ones. It mea:

's in many

no modern position
omething different to
stand for or against a policy in light of another century's
experience (complex, often poorly documented experi-
ence at that) than it does to hold a view in hope or fear
of what might happen.

VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION

Nobody who considered legal restrictions on fire-
arms envisioned the myriad uses to which their
descendants would put guns. In this as in other social
matters, players should avoid the urge to make their
characters miraculously prescient in just the way that
leads to the character sharing her player's particular
concerns.
carried freely in this
era. Ex-military officers and aristocrats can and do carry

Guns are not the only weapons

swords — generally a sword cane except on ceremonial
occasions, but the swords the gentlemen wear at balls
and formal gatherings are often functional weapons
attached to men who can use them lethally. Knives are
ubiquitous among all classes, serving as universal tools
and utensils. (This may be the only cutlery the poor
have.)

The open display of any weaponry in general public
circumstances can attract the attention of police and
bystanders even when it's the character's legal right.
Police have broad authority to arrest people who seem
likely to incite public disturbances, and private guards
have nearly unlimited authority to refuse admittance to
their territory to anyone they disapprove of. No matter
how legal it is, a character carrying an elephant gun or


cavalry saber down High Street in the middle of the night
can expect to have to answer questions about it.

Victorian firearms come in the following categories.

* Pistols. These handguns fire solid bullets in vari-
ous calibers, or diameters, and in general, the bigger the
caliber, the more damage the bullet does. Old-fashioned
double-action pistols require the shooter to cock the
firing hammer manually before pulling the trigger to
release the hammer and fire the bullet. By the 1880s
these are all nearly antiques, but they do remain in
circulation for those who can't afford anything better.
Single-shot pistols cock the hammer and release it in one
continuous action and can be fired about as fast as the
shooter can pull the trigger.

© Rifles. These are all long guns, intended to shoot
bigger bullets across longer distances. They deal substan-
tially more damage than pistols and also deliver
substantially more recoil, requiring cushioning against
the shoulder or other firm resting point to avoid knock-
ing the shooter down.

© Shotguns. These long guns fire shells loaded with
small pellets of various sizes. The smallest can injure only
birds and small game, while larger sizes can do serious

lirearms
Type
Pistol, Light
Derringer
Army revolver
44 single-action
Pistol, Heavy
Colt "Peacemaker"
Hvy. Army revolver
Rifle
Lever-action

10
25
25

30
35

Single-shot bolt action
Shotgun

12 gauge

Single lever-action:
Special

Gatling gun

35
35

Damage: Dice rolled when an attack succeeds.
Range: The practical range of the weapon; up to twice this distance is possible but counts as a long-
range shot (difficulty 8).
Concealment: V = can be hidden in a vest; C = can be/hidden in a coat; L = can be hidden under a
long coat; N = cannot be hidden.

damage to people as well. Some have a single barrel,
others two barrels which can be fired separately or
together.

© Gatling Gun. This is the world's first machine
gun. A set of rapidly turning barrels pull in ammunition
mounted on a belt and fire it off, each barrel in turn. The
damage done by this sort of weapon in wars of the 19th
century is nearly incalculable, and general staffs have yet
to come to terms with just how deadly it makes battle-
fields. Tactics such as massed charge that barely worked
against rows of men with rifles lead only to slaughter
when the defenders have Gatling guns.

The Fine Art of
Research

Roleplaying in a historical setting presents unique
challenges to Storytellers and players alike. When play-
ing in a purely fictional setting, the history, technology,
social conditions and any other elements relevant to
game play can be equally fictional. It's best, of course, if

Range Rounds

225

CHAPTER SIU: THE PRACTICAL ARTS


they form a coherent, sensible whole, but beyond that
the "reality" of the setting can be arbitrarily decided
upon by the Storyteller, often (and usually ideally) with
some contributions by the players.

In "historical" games, however, part of the assump-
tion is that the setting will be based on "real" history,
albeit with whatever fantastic or ahistorical elements
that form the basis of the game grafted in. ("Real"
Victorian England is not known to have been inhabited
by vampires hiding amid human society, for instance, but
in the interest of having a game, we recommend that you
choose to ignore that.) Much of the success or failure of
such a game hinges on the degree to which this assump-
tion is maintained and, more importantly, that players
and Storyteller agree beforehand how much historical
accuracy to expect from all involved. Having half of
one's players expecting a meticulously researched,
immersive trip into the past while the other half are
looking forward to a romp through a historical pastiche
is asure-fire way to have your chronicle collapse after two
or three sessions, if it even gets that far.

So, assuming that you and your players are in agree-
mentas to what to expect (and also assuming that you're
all not planning on running something that more re-
sembles Time Bandits than The History Channel), where
do you begin?

Research, Research, Research

Well, yes, you probably already guessed that. What
sources should you consult, how much should you trust
them, and what should you do when they disagree?

Asastarting point, a great deal of relevant information
is available on the Internet, though, like most things found
online, it is of greatly varying quality and accuracy. Web
sites exist that are devoted to many different aspects of
Victorian life, from clothing to cooking to more esoteric
pursuits. The same is true for many other times and places
across history, to varying extents. Some good general-
history sites can also be found, which can be useful both as
places to begin and in helping to put the period of your game
in context with what came both before and after.

The Internet has its limitations as an information
source, however. It's difficult to tell how trustworthy a
given Web site may be, even if it puts on an appearance
of scholarliness and its author has a long trail of letters
after his name. Anyone can put together a site featuring
his pet theories and misconceptions and pass it off as
Truth. If you want to be more certain of your source
material, a trip to your local library is in order.

Most college or public libraries will have at least a
reasonable history section, and many university or major-
city libraries have extensive collections of historical

materials. Though being published on paper as opposed to
electronically is not a sure sign of a source's veracity, it is at
least a lot easier to determine the author's credentials and
often to find other sources that reference or critique his
work. Books will also include bibliographies much more
often than Web sites will, allowing you to look at what their
source materials were and judge them accordingly.

But This Other Book Says ...

While doing your research, one problem you will
likely run into is one source contradicting another. This
can happen, even when both sources are otherwise
reliable, for any number of reasons. Often, one source
will be more recent than the other, and it's possible that
new discoveries have led to a reinterpretation of a
historical event or artifact. The earlier author was "right"
based on the research current at the time, but the
prevailing opinion among historians has since shifted. In
some cases the phenomena in question are complex
enough that a variety of claims can all be true, as long as
you remember that none of them is universal.

Faith and doubt in Victorian England is a classic
example of this. It's simultaneously true that unprec-
edented doubt existed in religious tradition and of all
spiritual claims — it's an era of prominent atheists and
materials —and that people had unprecedented belief in
mystical truths of many kinds. In some cases these trends
mingled in one person, as in the case of Harry Houdini,
at once a corrosive skeptic and critic of fraudulent
mediums and an earnest seeker of genuine communica-
tions from beyond the grave. People are seldom equally
skeptical or credulous of all claims, after all, and their
views change over time in response to new experiences,
the dimming of old memories that used to lead them to
favor other views and simple changes of heart. Doubt and
belief both flourished, and a character with an extreme
of either approach is part of a trend.

In other instances, one source will simply be better re-
searched, or perhaps one author was better qualified to form an
interpretation of the historical evidence than the other. It can
be difficult to choose which of two otherwise-reputable books
represents the superior scholarship with regard to a particular
point, especially if they are contemporaries or nearly so. One
solution is to consult additional works to see which conclusion
prevails, but a trap to be avoided while doing this is to be sure to
look at the additional sources' bibliographies and avoid using a
work that cites one of the books you're choosing between as a
source.

Enough Is Enough

Good research can be the difference between a
successful historically based game and one that disinte-


grates quickly. Too many anachronisms and inaccura-
cies can break the mood of a game or strain players'
willing suspension of disbelief beyond the breaking point.
Too little knowledge of the era on the part of the
Storyteller can make a game flat and colorless, and what
is the point of setting a game in a historical period if not
to evoke the atmosphere and mystique of times past?

But you can do too much research. Does it really
matter to your players that you know the correct number
of brass buttons ona London bobby's coat, based on what
year it is in your game? Or the exact whereabouts of
various members of the royal family based on the date
and historical accounts of their movements? Probably
not — but some Storytellers (and players) of historical
games become a little too obsessed with Getting Every-
thing Right, at the expense of the fun of playing. That's
missing the entire point, isn't it?

In the end, it's not total historical veracity you
should be aiming for. For one thing, you'll never attain it,
because it's impossible without the use of a time ma-
chine. What's really needed is a sense of verisimilitude.
Your game's setting needs to feel right, even if it isn't
worked out down to every minute (and irrelevant) detail.
As Storyteller, you don't have to know everything about
the period you're playing in, you just have to know it well
enough to paint an accurate picture of daily life (or
unlife) for your players and to be able to "fake it"
convincingly when some minor detail comes up that
you're not familiar with. If you and your players can
believe in the "reality" of your setting, then it's Good
Enough, and you can get on with the far more important
business of having a good time playing in it.

Sources

Here are a few places to get started. The URLs given
were accurate as of when this list was written, but are, of
course, subject to change. If an address doesn't work, try
searching for the Web site's name and other information,
which often remain constant from one host to the next.

Web Sites

© Glossary of Carriages. <http://
www.bbno.freeserve.co.uk/glossary.htm> Don't know a
brougham from a cabriolet from a gig, but want to have it
right when you're describing what sort of conveyance
your character is stepping out of in front of his posh
gentlemen's club? Visit here and you'll know. Includes
photos and drawings of a number of different designs.

History and Heritage of Civil Engineering. <http:/
/www.asce.org/history/hp_main.html> Far more inter-
esting than the title makes it sound, this site, operated by
the American Society of Civil Engineers, is a fascinating

multimedia survey of famous and significant achieve-
ments in architecture, bridge-building and other facets
of large-scale engineering, with each section presented
in scrollable timeline format. The timelines, which show
important world events in parallel to the dates of various
engineering feats, are cross-linked to articles on specific
projects, and each of a long list of important engineers is
profiled as well.

© The Internet History Sourcebooks Project.
<http://www.fordham.edu/halsalll> This large, schol-
arly general-history site is edited and developed by Dr.
Paul Halsall of the History Department at Fordham
University and features materials from a wide range of
contributors.

¢ Victorian Resources Online: An Annotated List
of Scholarly Websites. <http://www.iath.virginia.edu/
~bpn2f/victorian/bibliog.html> This is a huge collec-
tion of links to sites concerned with the Victorian era,
broken down into different categories and with each
linked site described as to its contents.

© The Victorian Web. <http://65.107.211.206/
victorian/index.html> As the site's subtitle says, "Litera-
ture, history, and culture in the age of Victoria." This site
has all of that and more, with extensive sections on
politics, religion, science, technology and pretty much
every other aspect of Victorian life, most of which also
include links to articles on significant persons in that
field. Funded and operated by the University Scholars
Program at the National University of Singapore of all
places.

Books

* The Norton History of Technology, by Donald
Cardwell. (W. W. Norton & Co., 1995. 565 pp. ISBN 0-
393-31192-9) The history of technological advancement,
starting from the very beginning and continuing up
through the 1990s, with attention given not just to
inventions and inventors but also to historical context
and the impact of new developments on society. Well
written and nontechnical, but not exactly light reading,
either. A valuable resource for roleplayers wanting to
know more about the technology of any given era.

© The Victorian Internet: The Remarkable Story
of the Telegraph and the Nineteenth Century's On-
line Pioneers, by Tom Standage. (Penguin Putnam, Inc.,
1999. 227 pp. ISBN 0425171698) A lively, colorful
account of the rise of the telegraph system, likening its
transforming effects on Victorian society to those of the
Internet on our modern world, and then some. If you
want to play characters on the cutting edge of their era's
technology and science, this should be an indispensable
reference.

CHAPTER SIM: THE PRACTICAL ARTS


Wp fr
/ASETTINGSOURCEBOOK FOR VAMPIRE: THEMASQUERADE® 3
GASLIGHTS AND GENTLEMEN ¥ F

The Victorian era witnessed the birth of the vampire, raising him from a marauding fiend
of the night to a figure of Gothic eminence. The era's secrets, however, still lurk in darkness like
terrors shrouded by London's fog. Further mysteries await in the night, ready (and waiting. ..) for
the Kindred to unearth them.

THE VICTORIAN AGE COMPANION INCLUDES:

" © Detailed information on the secret societies of the Victorian age and new rules for
creating and managing your own conspiracy

© Newallies and antagonists, includingthe unholy hybrid creations of vampiric magic
and Victorian technology

© Information and rules for Victorian-era Abilities and Backgrounds, and the
bloodlines of the era

TARR

ISBN 1-58846-238-2
ww2472 FP

NUS II Ill

THE [JASQUERADE MA ye

WHITE WOLF

WWW Wel F.com