# File: Virtual Adepts.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


AIRTUAL
AADEPT

Knowledge is the Only Reality


Credits:
Written by: Darren McKeemanand Harry Heckel

Additional Material: Travis Williams, Phil
Brucato and the Cult of the Dead Cow

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Laura Letbetter

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Quinton Hoover, Scott Johnson, Joshua
Gabriel Timbrook, Jeff Wright

Front Cover Art: Michael W. Kaluta
Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

R.LP.- I mean, Welcome!

Horror hasaname, and her name is Jennifer... yes,
Jennifer Heartshorn, late of the blood-stained
Shakespearean boards and gory battlefields of the live-
action scene, has signed away her soul... I mean,
as the line developer for Wraith: The

Il give hera hand— just the right one.

joined the cre
Oblivion. Let':

Save the left hand for Kim Shropshire, who joins
manic Mike Krause in the bloodpit of our sales depart-
ment. With the coming of the Month of Fools, we at
White Wolf are pleased to welcome these two intrepid
souls into the fold of the Great White Wolf.

Long may they howl!

2 Virtual Adepts

Special Thanks to:

Rich "Pumpkin King" Thomas, for his favor-
ite CD soundtrack.

Aileen "Speed Demon" Miles, for her fast,
Fury-us work. Welcome to the crew!

Michelle "Oh, Bullcrap" Prahler, for being
pure as the freshly driven...

Chris "Proctologist" McDonnough, for his
explosive wit.

Steve "Captain" Wieck, for pointing out a
port in the storm.

Josh "Gothic Splash" Timbrook, for watering
the artistic desert with the ink of inspiration.

Ben "Wow!" Monk, for buying the $6,000,000
hoax up to the bitter end.

Larry "Lord of Lead" Schnelli, for playing
Santa with the little people.

zee

Peed 4598 STONECATE IND. BLVD.
bd a TW. GA 30083

CAME STUDIO

©1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. Virtual Adepts and Mage the
Ascension are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of ot reference to any com-

pany or product in these pages is not a challenge to
the trademark or copyright concerned.
Because of the mature themes involved,

reader discretion is advised.

Printed in Canada.


WAIRIUAL
AADEPTS

Contents

Prelude: Information Glut 4
Introduction: FYI CYA 6
Chapter 1.0: Delusions of Grandeur l2
Chapter 2.0: Society of Loners 22
Chapter 3.0: "Does Not Work Well with Others" 34
Chapter 4.0: Initiates 46
Appendix LO 60
Appendix 2.0 64
Contents 3


Prelude:
Information Glut

By DarrenMcKeeman

Flesh. Bone. Meat. Everything my body is, I
hate.

I wake in the morning (or afternoon) and
Thate that I can't see well enough to hate my
reflection. No matter how much I look at
eyerything, there just doesn'tseem.to be enough
to go around. Of course, right now is different,
Right now, I see a symbol of my hatred lying
prone on the table before me, screaming for
mercy. 2

Things are different with a computer. You can flood your
senses with as much information as you can take. Many of us
in the Adepts do this to get the most out of our brains. Ido it
to get the most into it. The story behind this isn't pretty.

coeee

Back when we were in the Technocracy, we shared the
Information Glut with Iteration. X:,We weren't surprised
when itshowed upasone of themost vile tortures conceivable.
What could we do? The information would have leaked out
somehow. Nobody can keep secrets for long. Information isa
living force that most people can't fully comprehend. It wants
to be free. It wants to be known.

1 underwent the torture when we defected. I stayed
behind to.make sure the last bit of data was downloaded and
copied from the Technocracy databanks, and was one of the
unlucky ones who got caught. Our own rote was used against
us to try and reprogram us into perfect citizens.
eocce

~The perfect citizen lying on the surgical table before me
isa member of the Technocracy, what's popularly refered to as
a Technomancer. He has information that I want. He has
information I will get.

4 Virtual Adepts

The rote we perfected works directly on the brain of the
subject. Essentially, it re-tunes your brain, making it more
sensitive to stimulation. All the senses are heightened, When
the Technocracy was through with me, my clothes felt like ~
razor wire and fiberglass soaked in alcohol. The food Late for
breakfast tasted like sulfurandacid, constantly feltasiflwere
staring into a fusion reactor, and I could smell the disgusting
stench of my captors under the cheap perfumes they used to
mask their body odor. My constant retching felt as though my
body was turning itself inside out. They did this to me fora full
year. [nearly died.

They should have killed me.

They let me go after that hellish year, placing me in. an
insane asylum. They could get no more pleasure from torturing

» me; I had grown insensitive to their torture. A former col-

league of mine fiddled with the hospital records, and got me
ut. Adepts never abandon each other. I spent nine months
trying to recover from the torture, as I slowly discovered the
repulsion I had for my body.

The repulsion. have for my body isnothing compared to
my repulsion for the piece of meat on the table in front of me.
He will know nothing of my pain. That's one thing I will not
share with them. He's asking me all the usual questions now.
Like why I'm doing this. What did he everdo to me, Who am
1. L won't tell him the answers. His ignorance will sweeten his
torment.

°

°
Neatly a year of constant torture has warped me into a

vestige of what I once was. The human brain is a strange and
funny organ. It can compensate and adjust for anything.


When you're a baby, you can't see things normally everything
is upside down, because you're right out of the box. As you
grow oldera few days or months later, your brain "tricks" itself
into thinking everything is right side up. The same thing
basically happened to me. My brain "tricked" itself into
thinkingthatextreme input was the only inputthere was. This
was the way things are normally. I can't feel anything now. My
nerves are deadened, and I can only feel extremes. I spent my
whole first night alone slicing my arms and torso with razor
blades. I was back on-line to the world, and I wanted desper-
ately to feel something, anything. When I realized that the
plades were too sharp to be painful, I found some rusty knives.
By the time the other Adepts got back to our hidey hole, I was
nearly dead.

The slab of meat on the table isn't dead. He's not going
to be dead for a long time.

Adeptsstick together, that's one good thing. They helped
me. New devices were invented so that I could experience the
real world normally. I live in the Net most of the time; there
youcan turn up the volume, turn up the light, and turn up the
sensation without anyone else noticing. When I have to get
around in the real world, I have a special rig I have to wear.

My sunglasses amplify light so that I can see. I'm nearly,
blind because there is not enough light in the world to feed my.
hungry eyes. Hearing aids crank one-hundred-eighty decibels
into my shattered auditory nerves, [still can't feel orsmell. Did
you know that the skin is the largest organ in the human body?
I constantly burn myself on stoves,

If] had another year, I could turn myself back to normal.
I'dalso be crazy. I've done research on sensory deprivation, and
I don't think I'd be able to handle the strain of going a year or
so without feeling anything. Not after that year of hellish
torture.

So L live in VR.

I know exactly who did this to me. I know everything
about them. I memorized every detail of their face, and every
detail of their bodies. I've been following them in the Net.
They could haye the most sophisticated plastic surgery the
Technocracy could dream up, and I'd still find them. I know
their smell. This one on the table before me has that smell all
over him. :

Information Glut can bea good thing, in the righthands.
Accelerated learning and heightened senses can help you out
alot. When it falls into the wrong hands, itcan be devastating,
Iwill never be able to understand why the Technocracy wants
to do that to every person. They are doing it to you, and you
don't even know it. It's subtle, but there just the same. They
flood your brain with images and information that they want
you to believe. You are under attack from every angle —
television, teachers, advertisements, you name it. My experi-
ence taught me this. 1 thank Kibo sometimes for what they did
to me, because now I am immune to their most powerful

weapons,

Ihave a few Sons of Ether friends working on the rest of
my tig. The parts are coming in bits, starting with the most
important senses. The time will come when my polycarbon
exoskeleton is finished, and I will see, hear, feel, smell, and
taste the whole world fully. Then I'll be ready.

eocoe

He tells me everything I need to know. Where my next
victim is. What his name is now. I've picked his brain clean.
I've even discovered a few new parts of the Technocracy's
Time Table. They had to revise it horribly when we left.
Though I really don't care about that now, I remember it, in
case it becomes useful later. <

Ithink that the only thing worse than what they did tome
would be sensory deprivation. As! laydown tosleep, [find that
[can't rest without my hearing aids. If 1 take them out, my
mind becomes totally aware that there is no sound, nothing
reaching me. I start to panic, and I can't move, Can you
imagine what it is like not to feel anything? This is what I will

‘do with those bastards. A few years of floating in a tank isn't

good enough. I want to rewire their brains.

The meat on the table in front of me can't hear himself,
can't feel his vocal cords tearing from the strain of screaming.
He can't see anything. He can't feel. He thinks he's dead. 1
know. I decide to jack into his auditory nerve, giving him a
final message before I turn the lights out. >

T'mdoing this to you, I say. I'm going to do it to your bosses
when I catch them, Your people tortured me, and now I'm
paying back in full. I've been following them, in the Net. Most
of my captors went on to bigger things. I like that, because
they've got more to lose now. All of them are augmented in
some way. I can see the information in the chips in their brains
in the Net. Through the Net, I can access these chips. The
chips give me access to their brains. After a little re-program-
ming, I burn out the chip and the surrounding brain cells.
They'll live. They just won't be able to feel anything.

Icut the link. Should I cut his throat? No. I'll sit hear and
listen to him. Hisscream isabeautifulsound, full of timbre and
melody. There is no sound quite as satisfying as the screaming
of a Technomancer. I move quickly, rigging the [Vs so that I
ean take care of him for a very long time. I watch his brain
waves on my EEG display. He's probably going to die within
afew months anyway. The daily shock and inability to sleep
will kill him. Until then, I'll have my own orchestra right
here in this room, until he goes hoarse. I pour some water
down his throat, just so he won't strip his vocal cords too
soon,

It's easy to think too much about these things when
you can't feel anything. They killed my nerves. They
should have killed all of me.

Prelude 5



notony of life:

Introduction

= >FYICYA

It's good to know that we can create our own memorable
event without waiting for freakish weather to break the mo-

— Sasquatch, Today's Delightful Surprise (an alterna-

tive press magazine)

from:dante@crystal.net

4 Subject: Frequently Asked Questions &
Answers (FAQ)

Message-ID: <CGq]wF.C31@crystal.net>

Summary:

| This posting lists frequently asked questions
about Virtual Adepts. It should
be read by anyone who is new to the Virtual

Adepts
:

and answers

Sender: dante@crystal.net (Crystalnet News)

Organization: Virtual Adepts Chantry Network

Date: Fri, 19 Nov 1993 11:00:14 GMT.

Approved: answers-request@crystal net

Archive-name: virtual_adepts/faq

Last-Modified: 1993/9/18

Version: 1.4

VIRTUAL ADEPTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUES-
TIONS AND ANSWERS

Version 1.4 - 18 September, 1993

Right! This FAQ gets sent out to every Adept when it's
updated, but the people who need it the most are the
newbies. So if you're seeing this again, don't be alarmed.
You hayen't been downgraded to loser status. Yet.

For those of you who don't know me, I'm Dante. It's my
dubious honor to write this little intro to the Virtual
Adepts. We do this for the same reason end-users generate
FAQs on their networks — so you won't look stupid for
asking.a question youshould know. Any.new.questions that
any Adept thinks oughta be on here should be sent to
mckeeman@netcom.com. He's keeping track of the ques-
tions for me. We update this thing about once a year or so.

On to the questions...

q: Who and what are the Virtual Adepts?

a: Well, there's no easy answer to that one. Loosely,
we're a group of mages who have discovered the true nature
of reality. Then again, just about any group of mages will
tell you-that.

Introduction 1


We're a group of mages who have specific ideas concern-
ing reality. Through these ideas, we can mold reality to our
every whim. Our model for reality is the world we can create
with computers and electronics. We can apply this type of
analogy to the real world, effecting changes phat most
pepple death tmpoetbien

Notall Virtual Adepts use computers. Some use pocket
calculators: I've ever heardof some who modebreality on
the programming of VCRs. (that is weird.) It's all the same
idea, though. Information is reality's lifeblood. This mes-
sage you're reading now is affecting reality in its own way.
Read that last sentence about a thousand times and you'll
get the idea. Change the information, and you change
reality. That's the whole concept in a nutshell. Sounds
simple, huh? Nothing's ever that simple.

The Virtual Adepts are the baddest damned thing to
happen to this ball of dire since lightning up and created™
amino acids. We've got the know-how, we've got the
resources, and we've got the ELITENESS to bring every
single mage out there to Ascension. Hell, we're going to do
that for every SLEEPER too. I'd like to see one of the other
groups of mages out there claim they can do that! They
can't, because they aren't as bad or ELITE as we are. They
don't know who they're messing with. We're simply the
ELITE. Nobody else can touch us, see? Watch them try to
hack-oursystemsand get carved up by waterknives: Weare
too ELITE to screw with. ‘Nuff said.

8 Virtual Adepts

q: Who are the Traditions?

Alright, that's most new Adepts' second most asked
question. I'm going to try and oversimplify it: the Tradi-
tions are the Good Guys.

That's not good enough for you? Great. Let's put. it
another way then.

The Traditions are nine different bands of mages that
have formed an uneasy alliance with each other for the
purpose of resisting the destructive influence of the Tech-
nocracy. We joined the Traditions in the early 1960s, after
we defected from the Black Hats and Mirrorshades. The
Traditions.aren't bad; even we can't save everyone without
their help. Of course, these guys can't save the world by
themselves, either. They're not bright enough. That's where
we come in. We'll show them the way; they'll execute the

program. Then they'll thank us for being so good.

aiUeatinchertechnocraey?
a Here's the short form again: these are the Bad Guys.

OK, that's sorta cheating. We know more about the
Technocracy than any other member of the Traditions. We

"used to be members of the Technocracy. For this reason,

very few other people in the Traditions trust us. To them,

» we still think like Technomancers.

Well, the Technocracy is made up of about five or six
"Conyentions" that have about the same purpose as the
Traditions. When we left, there were five Conventions —
we're not sure how many there are now. We're pretty sure


the Progenitors. You'll probably run into representatives of
all these Conventions at one time or another, and they're
"all going to try their damnedest to kill you. The Technoe-
faey hres. Virtual Adepis beyoad any othel Tradisons;
because we are the only Tradition that actually has hurt
them. Weare: still hurting them more than any other
—Tradition. They're just losers. Sore 100zers, in the words of
some of our younger members.
q: What does the Technocracy want? Who are they?
a: OK. Here are some things the Technos want: they
ant_to-enslave humanity. Actually, they wanna make
everything "perfect" and "utopian." Same thing.

aoe all the old Conventions are still there: the Syndicate,
the New World Order, the Void Engineers, Iteration X and

7 They also want todestroy the Traditions. Especially us.
Who are they? Next time you meet a government
official, next time you see a civil servant, next time you
Tymeetarcoldyand hard scientist; you ll know. You just have
to meet them to know. But the best definition is that the
Technocracy is "them." Anytime you can't find an ad-
equate word to describe it, use "them" or "they". Like the
_Church.of the Subgenius says, "Find out who they are..."
q: Who actually likes me for being an Adept?
a: Hahahahah. Next question.

q: What's the point in being an Adept if everyone
hates me?

SSPE Aa SSS SE ASS
az It's not spikes you ne to es an Adept. We chose you. 1;
We knew you could handle it, because you've been dealing
with it all your life. You never quite fit in when you were a
kid. Other kids bullied you, and you retaliated by finding _)$
out more than they did about how the world worked-Don't- |
look at it like these other people hate you — look at ir like Lee
they're jealous of you. They've got lots of reason to be, man. sie

gz What is Ascension?
a: Awright. This isa real easy one: cargo on about

this one all day too. Ascension is ELITENESS. " i
Ofcourse, we want everyone to be elite. We even want 8
Sleepers to be elite. We want losers and lame phucks to be ‘s |
elite We're-gonna do it, too. How? I'm glad you-asked. 7 *
This old reality is thrashing itself down. It's about to 104
collapse. When it does, we're gonna be ready, It's gonna'be itt
Armageddon for sure then, and we're gonna lead the." |
promised elite to Ascension. Only it'snot gonna be just one 124

hundred forty-four thousand, dude: We're gonnagetevery= =>) ,
, + A |

body, and we're gonna herd them into a new reality. A |
virtual reality. This will be our improved version, like 14}
version 2.0 of reality, you know? We're exploring it right 154
now. We created it back in the fifties, and assoon.aswe get" |
it ready, we're gonna start with the exodus. There are some |
whosay thattheend willeomeonJuly 5th, 1998.That'snot 47}
far off the mark, let me tell you. We're comingup on the end {
> . gt

times real quick now. You just gotta help. When we're 18
through andeverybody'stiding highin Reality V:2:0;you'


10

Virtual Adepts

—loHNSoN

be sitting there drinking a Singapore Sling with a little
umbrella in it, being fanned by harem girlz. Why? Because
you're one of the sooper ELITE.

q: How do I contact you guys? ;

a: Don't call us. We'll call you. Actually, if you're new,
you've got someone watching you‘ all:the time. This is so
you won't get into too much trouble, After you've gotten.
beyond the stage of needing guidance, you'll be instructed'
on how to contact us:

q: What am I supposed to believe here?

a: Believe what you want. It doesn't matter to us. The
only point is that you are reading this right now. The
information-you-are-absorbing-is- becoming-known,-and-
that's what the universe is all about. What you believe
about this document may well prove to be false later on. If
this had been written in the fifties, it would be false now.
You do not have to worry about such things. The informa-
tion is all that matters: It'salive, and it's mutating inside"
your head. Pretty soon, it'll bust out like some kind of virus
and you'll have to tell someone about it. Just watch it and
make sure it's not a Technocracy agent or a Sleeper.

Everything that you-are-reading in this FAQ, at-this-
time, is true. It is guaranteed to be true up toa year or two
from now. Something major might happen and we may
have to revise some of these points. But I doubt it.

q: What is the Net?

a: Sorry. That's another FAQ. I would say that it's the
best hope for Ascension around today for mages of any.
Tradition, but that'd be bragging.

The Net is the best hope for Ascension around today
for mages of any Tradition. :)

q: Why is the headquarters in Omaha? Isn't that
where the Wild Kingdom dude used to live before he died?

a: We get so much mail about this one. my gonna
explainit to-you teal slow: m

Itstarted out here. We used to be part of the Technoc-
racy. We were part of the government. We had to havea lot
of throughput for our data, and most of the military and
civilian phone lines met in Omaha. Center of the country
and all that. Well, the Technocracy never found out that
our Chantry existed virtually, otherwise they would've
freaked. We haven't had the opportunity to move it yet.
Don't think we don't want to. Let me 1€ shoot some of the
logistics at your 7

We've got a huge amount of data in the Chantry. You
can find almost anything there. We happen to have about
a million terabytes in one storage space alone. That's one
of five hundred storage spaces.—

Now here is your first lesson in being a Virtual Adept.

It doesn't matter where the damn thing is! You can get
to it from any wall outlet! What do you want? You want me
to tell you it's in Silicon Valley? OK! It's in Silicon Valley!
There! It's the same thing! Reality is being dictated by what
I tell you! Jack in over at Silicon Valley and see what I
mean, you moron!

Hopefully, you'll realize that it doesn't matter where
the headquarters is. It has no physical location. It doesn't
matter.

q: What's with your attitude?

a: Attitude is everything with being a Virtual Adept.
Remember that, and you'll go far. Question authority and
everything else you can think of. You are the ultimate
ng the information we're

authority, because you are proc
throwing~at you: If you don't like my attitude, or can't
match it, you shouldn't be a Virtual Adept.

q: Where are the parties?

a: Get in touch with some of the fringe groups. They
throw the best parties, about twice a-year. If you're in for
something a bit more mellow, there's a monthly Tribunal
where you can brag about hacking the local McDonald's

"computer and look real lame. That's happening every

month at the HQ. Better yet, just wait for someone to
tention one! Be too cool to bring it up to someone Elser

Well, that's the end of the questions. I've tried to
answer them as best I can. You may find my style of writing
alittle bit more confusing than I do. If this is the case, sit
down in.achairand recite the first-word that popsinto your
head until it becomes a meaningless sound. Then you'can
read this again.

end FAQ file

IBIOISISIOISIOIEI IOI DI OI TOR AK ao

Introduction


SS, —

STN
\

A

\t


Chapter I.

Delusions

Sarcastic, mod. — Syn. scomful, mocking, ironical, sa-

tirical, taunting, severe, derisive, bitter, saucy, hostile, sneering,
arrogant, cynical, corrosive, contemptuous, biting, harsh, grim

Sardonic, mod. — see sarcastic
— Webster's New World Thesaurus

IfI were amember of one of the other Traditions,
Twouldn't trust the ‘depts either. Our beliefs are

conservatism and tradition. We are subverting a

SS whole generation of Sleepers to our ways and

system; who wouldn't be wary of that kind of
power?

— Electric Death, Virtual Adept master

April 15, 1990

Memo on Virtual Adepts by Lars Mjolnir, Order of
Hermes

Until recently, the Virtual Adepts have not proven
themselves to be trustworthy allies. Many among our Tra-
ditior

still regard them askance. The following papers
show cause for our concern.

In this digital age of computers and technology, the
Virtual Adepts have sought to understand reality in terms
that can be interpreted easily by machines. To this end,

they have formulated the theory that all of reality is made

up of information, and that magick results when one
manipulates that information. They use the virtual reality
ate that consensual
reality is not important, that only the information received
by a person's senses is important. Some Masters may recall

Net to prove their point, to demons

the fuss some years ago when the Virtual Adepts presented
their "10th Sphere of Paradigm" argument to the Council
some years ago. The particulars of this proposal (docu-
mented in the Council minutes, volume MXVI, pages
114-128) detail the Adepts' concept of information
ential component of reality. The Council rejected this
idea, but we are certain to hear more about it.

an

Ihave gathered correspondences from the roots of this
Tradition until the present. I believe these documents tell
the story much better than anything I could write. As far as
Ican tell, these letters and memos are genuine. The source
of each, when available, is listed above the entry. This
capsule history, I believe, shows that the Adepts are experts
at manipulation and are not to be trusted.

Chapter One


January 15, 1850

From: The Honorable Sir Anthony Wainwright

RE: The Difference Engineers

| have completed my observations of the Difference Engineers, as per your request. This odd little clique has virtually
no importance at the moment, save that they appear to be an offshoot of the Sons of Ether. Charles Babbage's mechanical
computational machine fell short of practical applications, but these ingenious tinkerers have improved on the design and
given it a steam-based powerplant. In their hands, it is now a capable calculator.

Their mastery over certain natural forces approaches what we would carefully call "magick." Their analogies to
telegraph transmissions have given them an insight into the Correspondence effect that rivals that of the Seekers of the
Void. They also seem to be of the opinion that a major technology is about to be unleashed upon the world that will be in
every home, and greatly enhance our control capabilities. More about this later.

They also claim to have discovered a new sphere of influence. | scoffed at the idea, but | also listened to my subject.
He said that the Difference Engineers have discovered the basis of the "Information Sphere." They had happened upon it
while exploring the possibility of using the Difference Engine as a means of information storage and retrieval. After listening
carefully, | am of the opinion that my interviewee was out of his mind. This seems to be a common trait. -

One final note: The Difference Engineers have told me that they ave 98% certain that a new technology will emerge
within, thirty years that will be installed in every home. This description sounds like some offshoot of the telegraph. If it
is true, then we cannot afford to miss such an opportunity. Vadvise our honorable Guild partners to start work immediately
on @ Way to promote this new technology. We must also make certain that people do not understand how it works. With
one of these "telephonograph" devices in every home, there is a good chance that we may be able to monitor every word
Spoken in every household. We can stamp out subversion at its root, thus bringing ourselves further along our time table.



Wray 15th, 1899
To: The @

enventions

When Dlast reported te you, V stated that we were undertaking

anew project. This pozect has now boine fruct, and we have unveiled

dt to our fellows. Ut is whativee call the clectiical computer

Through the use of the tele

duplicated sur initialmodeland transferted ite all of our members
"

across the continent, Although we know that itigagainet regulations
a feat. Our old D

This electrical computer is not a thing we woulel want the novmal

populace to have at this point. (Oe éatimate that society will be regely for

will continue to improve upon cur design untilit can be used for Cechnoe"

racy purposes, Dispood. A for our purposes, butextremelyumpienaly

wood cards thatige have a programs cut on, Output operates

by on ch telegraph. Di

only outyrute numbers at this

point, bul we ar

xyoh Wadlaneti
aoe

fo repres

teley

oe

Vaau'
q

iffcrence Capinesnete breaking Loin dusite |

Trouble

August 20, 1910

From: Iteration X
To: The Conventions

RE: Report on Science Fiction Literature

ave evidence that the Virtual Adepts are
"se
tion, and have pas
on to the
1s have been especia
many believe that he

ce fiction," among other
d dangerous
stories of
y revolutionary,
a great deal of

sh to "engineer"

and

ty
arnings in popular
ave had to rein in the
gs
1g too much fancy in the minds of

ions through ided
fiction
Virtual Adepts with
their stories were

Several times, we

wa

ecause

Sleepers.

e Adept

s have begun to view our Convention as
a group c

£ paranoids clinging tenuously to our
son for the

power. They must be taught a 1

common good.

I bel that the Virtual

ng more trouble than they are worth. We

Adepts are

should continue to keep a tight rein on them.

e their "science fiction"

s$ a good way to

es for what we have in store for
m, it would take only a change in the writing
yle of the story to turn it against our plans.

prepare the Me

Tw,

Le

oo IP


These "science fiction" writers have come
up with a number of good ideas, we must admit.
One writer known as Verne had a useful one — a
manned expedition to the moon. I believe that
we should pursue this concept to demystify the

stellar regions to the Syn Sees
notion that the moon is made of gr: ese is

Sily Jus too fqn fe oo 4

30, 1915
Ld, Ovder

Travel JDeritone

heen port
lay Trew CO

bi Bio

From Gregiry eine, Chastean
Tot The. ConeATons
QE: The Stick Mortar Cosh

From? Gregory eine, Chastcion

To: Somes "Whrelead' PecTone

CC: The Converitons

RE: The Temperance Movement

\ wnat reporT To you on The e€€ez¥s 0€ The Temperance
Moverneal ia Noth America, A group 0€ religious Kanalics Was
managed To SAT a bill passed prohicitng claabal sdles The U.S,
This has many e€GeZTs we may Take odvanTage o€

1) There is lOO% cetTaiy Tal Mere is Til demand Gor
aleabal,

D The Syotciile nas The chanmels in place To dsTrlooTe. 7
Trough The Mae.

3) There is a B% chorve Thal The upswing in crieinal
aATWTy due To alakol cuming (acdllesging) willl pressure The
grenwed? Wo aeTon — a IOC dranve 6 we pressure T.

4) There is a GO% charge Tal Te. people will accept This
oéTon as necessary and give up some aonsTToTonal eiglhTs Gor "The

cause.

S) Tere is a SO% cnarce Thal The greed agency in
qos Gre FE) will adwieve hero Slalus among many

dpressionalole youns people.

6) Tis will lead To amlowalence when we STarT using This
agenaj To monilor The o€TwMes o€ The people, wilh a 15% ceaTavaly
overall,

\ urge youTo seize This opportunity mow. A prime Staging
aun) cnld be nn Clricase, Where ilhaT Whiskey comes across The

Bee €rom Canada by The Iunireds o€ gallons. There ‘s, however,

we elemedl i Chicago That will be Wand Te crack There is
= else going on There Thal Throws an unkrewn variable
AToThe eqyation, We lope IT does n6T o€GeZP The schon To The.
GoomlaTeo SrosTicaly, WMndT This Variables, we do nal Know. We
suggeST some Sorays WATo Chicagp To Sind The answer,

\We:.Wavemloeen sTudying The e€GezTs o€ The Stock Market crasw'and we have ave To a Gew' conclusions:
1) Te Stock Marked syéfem is Gayweds IT esserTally works on Geedlourk': any negative Geéedloack, such os 0 dip incThe pries 0€

cwnbes; Triggers a Wild QueTuaon,

D) Wis disaster may GuMther dsmupT The WlecraTonsl economy, Geamary may Take a had Wil, as Tis dmbing oof of Tis STruggle
To pay resThTTon Gor Tre Great Whe, epeGully, Their new leaders' will be lable Te help Them ‘weather This depression"
3) This woud be. an Weal Tre To establish a grvecnmeaT That auld alMise,ond aaTvel all word governess Gon The camvnon

Soh,

Please ile That we ore very carely wong in our predictions. Our Track read has been supeco, andzThe maptily, 6CThe decisions

ised Upon ou JaTa ave. been sound,


mls

January 4, 1940
From: New World Order
To:
RE: The War in Europe

The Conventions

Many of you have been following the
War in Europe. Adolph Hitler seems to
have found a feasible solution to his
country's problems, economically speak-
ing.

We here at the New World Order see
this as an opportunity to unite the
European governments under one flag
the swastika of Germany. Ultimately,
such unification will lead to a single
world government, as recommended by the
Virtual Adepts in earlier
tions.
We will call
import within a year.

communica-

a symposium to discuss

matters of

October 15, 1941
Prom: Roger "NemaTrode" Thackery

Mo? The Conventions

RE! The War and Hitler

First, I would like to announce the death of
James "Wirehead" Peritone. He was killed ina London
flat that was bombed this past summer. I will be
taking over as the liaison to the Conventions. as
this is my first release, I do not relish telling
you what I mst.

18 Virtual Adepts

\ \ \
\\ \
MAN

The Virtual adepts would like to take this
opportunity to denounce the actions of adolph
Hitler and Germany. lany men of science have been
persecuted and killed through the Nazi's techno-
logical ignorance. They also seem infected with a
Nationalism that destroys any chance they have of
progress. all men are not equal. The
"naster race" and "Ubermensch" concepts are anath-
ema to the professed goals oi the Technocracy.
Someone did not do the necessary research.

0 them,

Second, reports and information we are receiv-
ing indicate that massive destruction of human lite
is underway in Poland and Germany. The objects of
this genocide are Jews, whom the Nazis regard as
inferior. We in the Virtual Adepts see this as a
moral outrage of the highest proportions. We also
condemn Iteration X's use of the situation to
conduct experiments.

We Adepts are not without power, and we will make
ourselves heard in the next few months if we mst.

wae

December 1, 1941
Prom: Roger "NemaTrode" Thackery

To? Virtual adepts

RE! Japan

Our plot to get the U.S. involved in the war
seems to be imminent. We have taken steps to ensure
that all U.S. espionage data is either false or
rejected by the government. The Japanese ileet is
preparing at this moment to attack Hawaii. Since


Japan has treaties with Hitler, Germany will most
assuredly declare war on the U.S. aiter the attack.

‘The U.S. must enter the war. That bastard Hitler
must be stopped — at any cost. Please note that this
information is extremely sensitive. Ii any of the
other Conventions found out about our little plan,
it would become diiiicult for any of us to lead
normal lives.

January 20, 1944

From: Central Control

To: The Conventions

RE: World War II

We would like to announce a major shift in our
position regarding Germany and the war now known as
World War II. Thanks to information provided by the
Virtual Adepts, we now have proof that the Germans have

"eg

ser a

undertaken a massive search for magickal and mystical
relics. Such relics are supposedly the birthright of the
"Aryan Nation." This is unacceptable to us. The occult
influences Hitler will bring with him during the unification
of the European continent can only erode our position.
Therefore, we are withdrawing our support for Hitler and
placing it firmly behind the Allies.

Following our withdrawl, Hitler's defeat cannot be any
more thana year or two away. He is beginning to stretch the
resources of his war machine, and the combined efforts of
the Conventions should halt him in his tracks.

You have your orders. This is by Technocracy man-
date. Personal opinions mean nothing. We will tolerate no
subversion in this matter. All Conventions will work for
the defeat of Hitler.

— Central Control

The Adepts Rebel

September 19, 1947
From: Jared Thorne,
To: Central Control

RE: Alan Turing

I infiltrated a Virtual Adept conclave this
day. It is not hard to do such a thing. They do
not meet face to face, but rather through telephone
systems and their computers. With the proper
passwords, one can very easily eavesdrop, and even
join in without fear of detection.

I am convinced that the Adept named Turing is
dangerous. He is speaking of intelligent machines
and a new idea he calls "virtual reality." While
this idea on the whole is not bad, he is speaking
of doing this within five years. These things are
not planned on the Time Table for at least fifty
to sixty years. A plan like Turing's could
seriously destroy our Time Table beyond any hope
of repair.

Many of the Virtual Adepts are behind Turing.
They love him. He is now their virtual leader,
their most "elite," as they say. Furthermore, they
have been in touch with the Sons of Ether. These

Iteration X

mages long ago joined' the ‘Traditions and) are
forbidden to be contacted. I do not know what the
Virtual Adepts are up to, but it seems quite
subversive.

December 12, 1950
From: The Syndicate
To: Alan Turing
VR Work

It has come to our attention that you have been
working on a project that you call "Virtual
Reality." It is our opinion that this work is
dangerous, and we order you to cease and desist
at once. Failure to comply will bring heavy
retribution upon you. We have private information
that could irreparably damage your position in
the British Government, and we will release it to
them if you do not immediately comply.

Of this information, I can say that we have

compromising photographs of you and another man.
We have several sets of these photographs. Once
you have ceased work, we will mail you all of our
copies.

Until then, be warned.

Chapter One 19


March 10, 1954

From: Central Control, NWO

To: Men in Black

You are hereby notified that Alan Turing has been
determined to be a threat to the Technocracy. You are also
hereby notified to terminate him with extreme prejudice.
It seems that no amount of cajoling on our part will stop
him from building his virtual reality machine. When you
terminate Turing, if you find any electronic device in his
possession you are to destroy it and bring the remains to us.

Any of his compatriots present at the time of your raid
will also be subject to the terms of this memo. There are to
be no witnesses.

June 20, 1955

From: The New World Order

To: The Conventions

RE: Grave happenings.

Things are not looking good.

We have been hurt tremendously by the
treachery of the Virtual Adepts. It
seems that they have taken every piece
of information about us and by us,
injected it into their "virtual real
ity", and promptly disappeared. Our
contacts have not been able to find any
trace of any Virtual Adept anywhere.
Aside from a few stragglers now in our
custody, the Adepts have disappeared.

At this time, we declare the Virtual
Adepts enemies of the Technocracy. Any
contact with them is forbidden and
punishable by death. Any Adept captured
is to be terminated with extreme preju-
dice. There will be no exceptions.

The Time Table has been shattered. We
have no choice but to revise it. Many
items on the Time Table will be pushed
back for years. All of this is due to
their cowardice and insane treachery.
Their acts of treason will not go
unpunished.

Many of the Adepts we have caught are
being pumped for information. They are
not talking. For this reason, any future
Adepts caught will be killed. We are not
interested in the means of execution,
but we prefer that it be done slowly and

painfully, as an example to others

20 Virtual Adepts


The Virtual Adepts join

the Traditions

September 23rd, 1959

From: Julian Spence, Son of Ether

To: The Council of Traditions

RE: The Virtual Adepts

We ofthe Sons ofEtherhave been in contact with the former
Technocracy Convention known as the Virtual Adepts. The
Adepts have proven themselves to be useful to us, providing us
with information that we had no idea existed. We believe that the
Virtual Adepts would bea worthwhile addition to the Traditions,
and that the relationship would be mutually beneficial. The
Adepts must stop their years of running from their former Associ-
ates. And, as we know, our Council has been one seat short since
the AhL-i-Batin left some years back. We need a ninth Tradition
forthe Council; the Virtual Adepts need sanctuary. I believe that
we have a common cause,

We have been asked to make an informative proposal to
the Council of Traditions, in exchange for the Adepts' admis-
sion into the Traditions. Said proposal includes the Time
Table of the Technocracy, projects in planning, and detailed
reports on the Iteration X Machine Realm, Autocthonia.
These have been provided to me by Roger Thackery of the
Virtual Adepts. We anxiously await your answer.

July 10th, 1961

From: The Council of Nine

To: The Virtual Adepts

RE: The Traditions

Weofthe Traditionshereby extend to youanofferofamnesty
and friendship in our organization. We haveallocated resources to
the inclusion of your group into our Council of Traditions. The
following terms will be met:

1) Yourgroupwillbeonaprobationary period offive (5) years.

2) Youwill tum over tousas much informations possible on
Technocracy plans.

3) You will occupy the ninth seat on the Council of Nine,
adopting as your Sphere the element of Correspondence (with
which, | am told, you are intimately familiar).

4) You will provide us with regular reports on activities your
group is conducting until the probationary period expires.

July llth, 1961

From: Roger Thackery

fo! The Council of Traditions

RE! Invitation

We accept.

February 10, 1979
Roger Thackery

fo? The Traditions

RE! The Hyper Intelligence Tech Mark IY

We have been following reports of mages attacked
by machine~like humanoids in the past few months,

Prom?

and we have discovered the following. an up-and-
coming Adept named Dante has brought me information
he captured from Technocracy databanks in a daring
raid. This particularly involves the Hyper Intel-
ligence Tech Mark IV, or HI? Wark.

Dante showed me the construction plans he
liberated from the central Iteration X computer. I
expect them to change their plans as soon as they
find out we have them, but the plans should provide
us with some advantage regardless. The design specs
for this machine involve vat-grown ilesh placed
over an armature made of an alloy of adamantine and
puckminsteriullerite. as you may know, this combi-
nation has an extremely high resistance to normal
magick. We are analyzing this new threat to the
Traditions in hopes of finding a weakness.

January 20th, 1984
From: Bank of Maryland Collections Dept.

To: Erik Trent

— Final Warning —

Dear Mr. Trent;

Our records indicate that your credit account is over six months
overdue and that the past-due balance exceeds $2,000. Our efforts to
contact you have been unsuccessful. If you do not contact us within
the next 48 hours, we will be forced to bring legal action against you.
Please contact us at the number below.

24-hour service line: 1-800-292-1819
Thank you for your patronage.
Lydia McKathaway, Collections Representative, Bank of Maryland

Chapter One 21



Chapter 2.0:

Society
of Loners

Anarchy, n. 1. [Disorder]

rule; see disorder

Syn. turmoil, chaos, mob

2. [Absence of government] — Syn. political nihilism,
disregard for law, lawlessness, avowed hostility to government

Webster's New World Thesaurus

2} Never let ‘em see you sweat!

Television advertisement
From: Sharri Powell, Amhurst Coven
To: Brian Hastings
Blessed be!
I'm passing youa few of my notes gathered on
my little "field trip" with the Virtual Adepts.
As of now, they still consider me one of their

own; I couldn't get some of the info that I've
recovered otherwise. 1 don't even want to think of what
would happen to me if they found me out. I'm trusting you,
Brian! Do not, under any circumstances, let this letter out
of your sight and don't transfer it onto any form of computer
or word processor. I know that the Adepts are supposed to
be our allies, but I don't think they consider anyone but the
Frankensteins to be their friend:

I think that we, of all Traditions, can understand their

attitude. The Black Hats have a heav
Nethe:
shoulders. They really aren't bad ¢

ds, so the Adepts have a rig

he to the chips on their

ys once you get to know
them. All the same, I realize that we've got to keep our own
backs covered. Hence, this letter. If nothing else, this data
might give us an edge later if we need it.

All of this is stuff I managed to pick up over the last six
months. I'm keeping my cover for now and might have
more to report in a month or so. The Adepts put up a big
front, but they actually play things pretty close to the chest.
I think they'd shit if they knew how much I've discovered,

but then again, they're the ones who're always saying that

information wants to be free! Anyway, here's what I've got:

Chapter Two


If you're so special
Why aren't you dead?
—The Breeders, "ijust wanna get along"
The Virtual Adepts have their own dis-
tinct and strange social structure. Don't let
the "computer geek" facade fool you — they
do have a fellowship. It just operates by
/ unique rules.

q lL
Status & Meetings
Rank in the Adepts is gauged by how competent a

The higher an Adept is in ability, the more
he has.

person i:
stige s

Ability isn't always an easy thing to judge. Reality
tampering and Net-hacking are dangerous practices; a good
brag can confer almos

as much status as the deed itself.

Adepts are masters of braggery —so much so that many do
it unconsciously. Pride i:
Adept explains a procedure to destroy the databanks of the

cond nature to the Adepts. Ifan

Progenitors, few would be suicidal enough to test the
theory. However, if the idea sounds plausible enough, and
if the Adept can show proof of the raid by producing an
operator's manual or some such, then that particular Adept
wins some grudging res

ect and status. He would still hav
that respect if others later found out that he had actually
collected his "proof" from the trashcans outside the build-
ing in the physical world.

A good many Virtual Adepts avoid physical contact
with anyone. They figure that they can get anything they

want done from the comfort and privacy of their lairs.
When most Adepts are seen in public, it's usually a clever
ruse. Many detest personal contact so much that they
program sophisticated holograms that act as proxies. These
holograms often project a holographic simulacrum through
Correspondence, and only function in close proximity to
some kind of technology. The simulacrums aren't particu-
larly vulgar magick, as long as some Sleeper doesn't shake
hands with one.

Other than ability, there is no real power structure to
any Virtual Adept faction. It's largely a popularity contest.
A powerful Virtual Adept may call a meeting and expect at

least half of the Adepts in the world to attend, while a
small-time operator might "invite" the same number through
lies and innuendo. Most of the Adepts gather twice a year
in reality at a central location to meet and "put a face" to
those people they talk to over the wires. These meetings
usually begin with impassioned ranting about rights and
theories, then turn gradually into debaucheries that would

arouse a Cultist of Ecstasy. Few outside the Tradition
attend without an invitation; I was the only non-Adept
that I could recognize. These parties, I think, blow off some
of the steam that comes from being a persecuted minority.

14 Virtual Adepts

Among the Traditions, the Virtual Adepts are second
only to the Cult of Ecstasy in the use of perception-altering
chemicals. They use plenty of stimulants and toy around
with drugs reputed to make a person smarter. These "smart
drugs" are usually just vitamin supplements, but a few are
experimental medicines developed for treating Alzheimer's
Disease or narcolepsy. This abuse, I think, can be attributed
to the Tradition's respect for superhuman ability. Ability is
practically synonymous with intelligence to the Adepts.
Most of the mages who dabble in this area end up burning
themselves out very quickly, and to that end most drug
users are looked upon with disdain by their "straight"
counterparts. A good many of the Adepts who choose not

to experiment with drugs fear correctly that smart drugs are
products of the Progenitors, created to rot the Adepts from
within. More and more Adepts are beginning to see drug
use as a curse rather than a blessing.

The Virtual Adepts meet twice a year at the Crystal
Palace, the Tradition's main Chantry, to discuss combat
strategies. These meetings have no real structure, and
cons

st mostly of ranting and trophy-waving by Adepts
who've struck a blow against the Technocracy. These
meetings focus the Tradition members toward their com-

mon goals — the raising of consciousness and the downing
of the Technocracy. Because the meetings occur in virtual
reality, not realspace, most of the Adepts in the World can
attend. Meeting times are often posted with stolen access
codes in the virtual conclave called the Spy's Demise.
Some Adepts even confer in the Demise itself, but that's a
risky proposition. The place is heavily watched.

Handles, Icons, Lames and
Elites

Most Adepts do not use their real names. Instead, they
come up with short, easy-to-remember "handles" to iden-
tify themselves. This helps preserve their anonymity and

allows them to disassociate themselves from their mundane

lives. Like the icons they create in virtual reality, these
handles let the Adepts live out fantasy lives.

Netheads use handles when conferring in chat mode
— "talking" online like Sleepers do. Most Adepts can also
project their consciousnesses or even their physical bodies
into the Net, creating "icons" of themselves. These icons
can adopt the form of anything the creator desires, within
reason, although identification codes make outright decep-
tion difficult. Net projection takes some degree of time,
skill and risk, so hacker mages simply chat online unless
there's some reason to do otherwise.

This anonymity forms a cornerstone in the Adepts'
anarchistic social structure. Because a mage in virtual
reality can shuffle identities with ease, Adepts can speak
their minds without fear of alienation. Many of the Adepts


I've met are pretty shy people in person, but they let fly with
all kinds of outrageousness when they're in the Net.

Since Virtual Adepts tend to base social structure on
ability, they have coined a term for extraordinarily gifted
people — "elite." Adepts at the bottom of the totem pole
or who have otherwise screwed up are called "losers,"
f ‘posers" or, worst of all, "lame."

These distinctions are simultaneously tongue-in-cheek
and serious. To an Adept, eliteness is an epitome, the be-
all and end-all of everything. "Eliteness" defies words, but
most Adepts will rant for hours on the subject when asked
about it. Certain factions of the Virtual Adepts, reacting to
these fervent ravings, ridicule eliteness; they still cherish
it, but realize that pride alone will not make them elite —
they'll achieve immortality and eliteness without forcing
everyone else to acknowledge it.

The flip side of eliteness is being lame. All kinds of
things can make one lame — misuse of magick, stupid or
excessive flaming, bragging beyond your proven ability,
lying online (and getting caught), breaking your word to
another Adept, pulling off petty pranks as if they were a big
deal. An Adept marked by lameness can only redeem
himself with some spectacular stunt. This mockery pushes
Adepts to try harder — not a bad thing when everyone's
against you. At the same time, much of the posturing struck

me as a pretentious waste of time and effort. It seems to

work for them, though. I guess that's what matters.
For the record, an Adept who sells out to the Technoc-
acy isn't lame; he's dead.

Protocols
The Hacker's Code of Ethics

The Virtual Adepts remember their Sleeper roots and
the hacker subculture that so many sprang from, and live by
a loose code that dictates a certain moral conduct more
than anything else. Most Adepts follow this code — those
who do notare regarded as "lames." These codes have been
distilled over the years by many different Adept groups, but
can be traced back to the turn of the century and the
invention of the telephone.

The social structure of the Virtual Adepts is held
together by these loose codes, a common passion for techno-
magick anda pervasive us-against-the-world siege mentality.
Being a solitary group, Virtual Adepts share few customs.
They do, however, have a few quirks worth mentioning.

Virtual Adepts tend to look for the quickest way to do
anything; their handwriting reflects this — it's usually
unintelligible. Most Adepts prefer to type and avoid
handwriting altogether. When typing, they often spell
words with sound-alike letters and numbers, as opposed to
the common spellings. This, I'm told, reduces the time
spent tying and makes transmissions harder to crack. Many
agencies scan computer document for certain "key words";
ifthose words are "misspelled", the scan misses them. Many

The Mighty Hacker
Commandments

| 1 — Information should be free. If]. Random
| Hacker finds out a piece of information that is not
| previously known, he disseminates it amongst his
| colleagues. :

| 2 — Data is not to be destroyed. Learn from
| what you see, but do not destroy it. Leave it for
| others to see.

| © 3.—Never let them know you're there. Alll
| hackers take great pains to cover their tracks in any
| system. This usually means learning as much about
| the system in question as possible. This is one of the
| many exceptions to rule number two — you may
have to destroy data to cover up the electronic
paper trail you've created.

thing new to learn. Technology moves so fast that
there's no way youcan stop learning and stay on top
of everything.

5 — Spread the word. Open the eyes of every-
one around you, or at least try. The Technocracy
has the guns, but we can still have the numbers.

hacker mages change their handles often for the same
reason.

The Adepts have many strange holidays that don't
coincide with other acknowledged holidays. They cel-
ebrate the end of World War II, the invention of the
telephone and the birth-and-death days of their idol Alan
Turing (the latter is called "Net Day," for some obscure
reason), but their biggest parties occur on dates gleaned
from science fiction books. As we all know, most of the
Adepts went nuts during 1984, tossing around the "Big
Brother is Watching You" thing like a volleyball, even
going so far as inserting references of it into TV commer-
cials. Most Virtual Adepts host individual holiday parties,
usually in Netspace; many invite friends from other Tradi-
tions just to freak them out.

The Net

You will look into a computer screen and see reality... And
‘your computer's screen is transformed, into a clear surface with
brilliant, multi-colored life unfolding just beyond it. People will
stop looking at their computer screens and start gazing into them

— David Gelernter, Mirror Worlds

Most Virtual Adepts interact solely in the Virtual
Reality Net, an odd Realm that's neither here nor there,
but everywhere at once. The Net, which some also call the
Digital Web, or simply the Web, is the real home to most
Adepts, since Netheads so rarely meet face to face.

Chapter Two 25

4—Neverstop learning. There's always some-


This Net is immense; the Virtual Adepts aren't the
only ones wandering around there. Mages from other
Traditions (and Technocracy mages, too) hang out in the
Netas well, though the Adepts are the undisputed masters
of this domain. The Net includes sensual feedback for all
sensations— touch, hearing, sight, smell —and I can attest
that these sensations are almost as vivid as the real thing.
There are even optional settings for taste. Most Adepts
jokingly set their icons to taste like cooked chicken. Don't
ask me how I found this out.

Disputes

Fights are rare. When they do occur, they rarely inflict
permanent damage. They usually involve heated argu-
ments in virtual reality, but are often so intense that when.
viewed froma dis

ance they look as though the contestants

ludicrous point for a stupid cause is often called "flaming"
someone. The Adept who devised this contest had a sense
of humor.

Another form of combat the Virtual Adepts practice is
not so pleasant. It usually involves virus programs and can
take a number of days or weeks to decide the outcome. This
form of combat is called "core wars," and it derives from an
ancient hacker ritual. A supercomputer is set up with two
virus programs. Each program is designed to wrest as much
time as possible from the central processing unit of the
computer while trying to erase the other program from the
computer's RAM. Virtual Adepts who accidentally step
into a computer that a core war is being run on_ barely
escape with their life patterns intact. Survivors describe the
experience as "terrifying," and tell of vast armies of hallu-
cinatory skeletons or spaceships combats.

ome fun!

are hurling bolts of fire at each other. This may have
evolved from early chat programs, in which the constant
arguments were called "flames"; passionately arguing a

Flame Wars and Core Wars

Flame wars often erupt spontaneously, usually beginning with a string of insults and digressing from there. These insults
(or particularly good points scored in an argument) take on the appearance of bolts of fire. The better the insult or rebuttal,~
the bigger and brighter the flame. This flame is purely symbolic and does no damage. Other Adepts, drawn by the display,
often watch the debate and pick the winner. If the flamers are equally lame, the observers may simply flame both of them
en masse. This will not usually damage the offenders, but often brands their icons with a glow that lasts for days, singling
them out as lame.

Flame wars should be roleplayed when possible, with the other players judging the winner. A straight system for flame
wars could entail resisted rolls of Manipulation or Wits + either Expression or some other Ability related to the argument
at hand (Wits + Technology, for example, if the flame war centers around a technical dispute). Using magick during a flame
war is not only bad form, but may be considered an attack to be met with real force.

Core wars are more serious, requiring a formal challenge and acceptance. Each Adept invests all of his immediately
available Quintessence into creating a virtual supercomputer ("refueling" is not allowed), then "ties" his Avatar into the
computer's works. Each Adept then creates a virus using Intelligence + Computer, difficulty 8. The more successes the
Adept scores, the more powerful the virus is. The contestants then charge their viruses with the Net's free Quintessence
(Prime 3) and set them loose inside the computer. Charging the virus is not essential, but does help the virus survive the
coming battle.

The war is runas separate extended actions, one for each combatant. The battling Adepts roll Avatar + Computer (yes,
this is an unusual kind of roll). The first contestant toscore 25 successes against difficulty 9 wins. Each point of success in
virus-creation adds one success to the extended roll, and each five points of Quintessence channeled into the virus during
creation adds one more success. These rolls are made three times per game day. Core wars can take a while.

Because the mages tie their Avatars into the computer, they may take real damage from a core war. Each botch causes
one Health Level's worth of non-aggravated damage. Double botches cost a point from the Adept's Avatar; this damage
heals like regular damage, but cannot be soaked or healed with magick. The loser of a core war likewise loses a temporary
point of Avatar and takes a level of damage — these fights are serious business.


D>

Yy
Z

No, I don't know that atheists should be consid-
ered as citizens, nor should they be considered as
patriots.
— Republican Presidential Nominee
(1988) George Bush
The Virtual Adepts are one of the most
fragmented of the Traditions. All Adepts,
however, believe that reality is composed
entirely of information, that all places are
really one and the same and only the information we
perceive makes them seem different. Among the various
Adept legions (see below), this belief takes radically differ-
ent forms. The Cyberpunk belief that information wants to
be free contrasts sharply against the Chaoticians' theory

that information should be reduced to chaos.

Information

Information is the model upon which the Virtual
Adepts reshape reality. They are masters of engineering
information to their own ends, and claim that they taught
the N.W.O. everything the Convention knows. Ironically
enough, the Technocracy used some of what they learned
from the Virtual Adepts to literally write the Adept Alan
Turing out of history. I'm sure that you remember the
uproar the Adepts caused about six years ago when they

proposed that "Tenth Sphere of Paradigm" concept, that
idea that information itself is a natural and metaphysical
element of reality, to the Council of Nine. They had some
good arguments, I'm told, but it'll be a cold day in hell
before they get the concept past the Order of Hermes!

The real problem with this kind of magick is that
Paradox (or Entropy, I'm not sure which) accumulates in
any collection of data over time, allowing suppressed infor-
mation to escape. Each faction views this effect differently.
While the Cyberpunks maintain that the information
wants to escape and has a will of its own, the Chaoticians
argue that Entropy takes hold of the magick that maintains
data in recognizable form and allows that information to
leak out.

The power of this philosophy should not be underesti-
mated. Few Sleepers (or Awakened, for that matter)
question the information force-fed to them daily by both
the Technocracy and the mass media in general. When
testing a new Disciple, many Virtual Adepts like to quote
Kurt Vonnegut, telling the recruit that the
sentient being with free will in the universe — that every-

the only

one else is being manipulated by a higher power to see
exactly what they will do with that free will. By observing
how the subject reacts to this statement, the mentor can get
an insight into the prospective mage's head.

Chapter Two 21


Computers

Most Adepts tend to be very frugal, with the exception
of one possession: their computer. They usually spend
extravagant amounts of time, effort and money in order to
maintain and perfect their machine. Each Adept's com-
puter is unique, often unusable by anybody but the Adept
who programmed it. If an Adept is truly elite, as they say,
he can use any computer in existence.

Adepts tend to be very animistic about their comput-
ers. They will talk to them, give them names, and even
swear or hit them if they don't perform correctly. This leads
to some amusing misconceptions from the other Tradi-
tions, especially the Dreamspeakers, some of whom
supposedly use computers with spirits bound inside them.
Very few Adepts really believe that their computers have
a life-
form without a soul oran Avatar, a life-form that the Adept

actual souls —they prefer to think of a computer as

herself completes. Some hacker mages add so much pro-
gramming and knowledge that the computer and the mage
become almost indistinguishable from each other; the
relationship becomes symbiotic, with each "partner" need-
ing the other to feel safe and secure. It sounds weird, but just
consider these magickal computers as the familiars of the
mages who use them.

Avatars

As we all know, our Avatars guide the paths we take.
The Virtual Adepts usually pick and choose the Sleepers
they Awaken and tend to follow certain profiles.

Dynamic essence predominates among the hacker
mages. These visionaries strive to "upgrade" reality, either
by "reprogramming" this one or establishing another. The
Digital Web demonstrates the Tradition's success with the
latterapproach. Although Questing Virtual Adepts are less
common, they do exist. The Questing Virtual Adept usu-
ally has the vision to change the world, but aspires to goals
that even Masters cannot attain.

There are few Pattern mages within the Tradition, and
Ihave yet to hear of one who sounds like a Primordial type.
My guess is that these Technomancers have filtered too
much of the Primal Essence out of their systems, though the
Dynamic forces within them keep them from becoming
static like their Technocratic cousins.

Phraseology note: Yes, the Virtual Adepts and their
friends the Franken... I mean, the Sons of Ether, can be
properly called Technomancers, although they detest the
phrase. Their magick flows from their Avatars through
their technology. Their attitude sets them apart from the
Technocracy, but their methodology remains the same.

Awakening & Initiation

Virtual Adepts don't usually Awaken by accident.
Most Awakenings are brought about when a cabal or
powerful Virtual Adept discovers some Sleeper with great
potential. The Sleeper is followed for a number of years;


when the time is right, her "mentor" begins to feed her
information pertaining to magick and the philosophy of
the Virtual Adepts. If the subject responds favorably, more
information is fed to her. If not, then contact is broken off.
One Adept told me that her Avatar itself spoke to her via
achat line (talk about hearing voices!), and I've heard of
others who Awaken spontaneously while patched into
virtual reality. In any case, the Tradition does at least try to
check out new members at the door.

Once the prospective Adept is in the right frame of
mind, the "mentor" visits her and demonstrates the power
that lies within her. By this point, the newly Awakened
Adept merely learns how to focus her power through the
computer or some other foci.

The mentor then will spend as long as he decides with
the pupil, training her in the correct use of the Correspon-
dence Sphere and five simple rotes. These rotes vary, but all
Adepts consider five to be a special number, the minimum
number of rotes a Virtual Adept must know.

The training period of a Virtual Adept lasts approxi-
mately two months; at the end of this time, the mentor
presents the new Adept to others attending the monthly

soc.legions

Chantry meeting. At this time, the Adept will either choose
or be given a handle and limited access to the Main Chantry.

Sleepers

Most Virtual Adepts share a studied ambivalence
towards Sleepers, or "end-users" as they call them. Adep
they generally avoid associating with end-users, but remain
dedicated to helping them nonetheless.

One need only look to the Tradition's founders to
understand this attitude. Babbage and Bell both wanted
their inventions to change the world, but couldn't compre-
hend why other people didn't understand how such
contraptions worked. Adepts are often so intelligent that
other people can't hold conversations with them without
getting lost. For this reason, the Adepts are generally
loners. The flip side to this i
realize (somewhat vainly) that Sleepers can't possibly take
care of themselves. For this reason, the Adepts are dedi-
cated as a whole to bring Enlightenment and Ascension to
as many end-users as possible (see "Hacker Ethic #5").
Although Adepts know they work for the common good,
they often end up detesting those they are pledged to
protect.

that they're smart enough to

You reap what you sow
Put your face to the ground
Here come the marching men
Your colors wrapped around
— Sisters of Mercy, "Colours"
Even loners form cliques; some Virtual Ad-
4 wabazp) eptscall theirs "legions," with tongues planted
wry} rather firmly in cheek. Many of these Virtual
Adepts' legions subdivide even further into
cliques of two to five Adepts. These groups usually take on

imposing names. These names aren't really relevant to
anything, and judging the power of a group by its name is
dangerous. Many mages have disappeared after acciden-
tally insulting a group with a silly-sounding name.

The legion subcultures aren't universal by any means,

but provide as clear a picture of these cybernetic anarchists

as we're ever likely to get.

Cyberpunks

Dark angels in the attic

Sixth sense stockpiled in the cellar

And the ladder is broken

Memories sleep in dust

This shelter is doubtful...

— Voivod, "Into My Hypercube"

Inthe early 1980's, a new type of science fiction caught
on among Sleepers and mages alike. Dubbed "cyberpunk"

by awriter from Austin, Texas, this nihilistic genre showed
ableak vision of a future sprawl dominated by greedy mega-
corporations. Films like Blade Runner, Brazil and Tron
spread some of these cyberpunk ideas into popular culture,
albeit in a watered-down form. Most Sleepers regard
cyberpunk as paranoid fantasy. The Virtual Adepts, who
claim at least partial credit for the genre, regard it as a wake-
up call.

After the Adepts defected, the Technocracy lashed
out at anything they thought might be a Virtual Adept
stronghold. When personal computers became easily ac-
cessible tools in clever hands, the Black Hats figured that
they had found their former comrades. Under the guise of

"national security," governments rounded up hackers and
computer jockeys, many of whom had less than nothing to
do with the Adepts, by the score. Popular opinion, too, was
turned against hackers — movies depicted them as.anti-
heroes, not really meaning any harm but causing trouble
just the same.

Egged on by the New World Order, government agen-
cies sidestepped their own laws to crack down on computer
hackers, while scientists in the employ of you-know-who
ridiculed the cyberpunk genre. The genre caught on any-
way, and many fans embrace technology while watching

out for "Big Brother". A new generation is using the
Technocracy's tools against them, and the Cyberpunks
stand at their forefront.

Chapter Two 29


The Cyberpunks are typically free-for-all mercenaries,
burning out on drugs and choline enhancers while coding
rotes all night. Most would prefer to live inside the com-
puter for the rest of their lives, disdainfully cursing the
‘meat' of their physical bodies. They don't normally associ-
ate in groups, but are fearsome to behold when they do.
Very few computer systems can resist the combined assault
of several Virtual Adepts Cyberpunks.

Their philosophy of magick is as crude as their meth-
ods. A typical Cyberpunk will use Force, Matter and
Correspondence magick in as vulgar a fashion as possible,
not because he enjoys it but because he lacks the imagina-
tion todo anything else. For technical wizards, Cyberpunks
are damned crude.

Paradox seems not to matter much to the Cyberpunks.
To them, their own existence is a huge paradox. They
purposefully try to accumulate dangerous amounts of Para-
dox, then expend it in horrifying ways that change them
forever. Hence, many Cyberpunks look rather ragged; their
icons often have pieces of non-functional machinery pro-
jecting from them. Cyberpunks with severe Paradox flaws
may actually have this happen to their real bodies! While
it's hard to conceal, many seem to enjoy this look.

For all their posturing, this legion relies heavily upon

rotes and programs. While most other legions dis

in
wholesale use of rotes, the Cyberpunks view them as just
another shortcut to get things done. They collect rotes
." While some
legions view rote-use as a holdover from their days in the
Technocracy, when creativity was stifled and doing things
by the accepted norm was the rule and not the exception,
the Cyberpunks view it as not having to re-invent the
wheel.

Cypherpunks

Do you feel the power

religiously, just to have them "just in cas

Baptized in electronic water

Prodigal sons and beautiful daughters

With smiling bows and rosy cheeks

And the righteous bath,

Death to the freaks

— Oingo Boingo, "New Generation"

The Cypherpunks emerged in the late eighties as a
reaction to the aforementioned hacker crackdowns. They
believe in protecting themselves and their data as much as
possible, and have developed encryption codes and security
systems for their Chantries beyond anything seen by the
NSA. They have written protection rotes, similar to these
codes, that can stop bullets, scramble voices, and encrypt
their very thoughts.

Cypherpunksaren't nearly as crude as the Cyberpunks,
but still aren't as refined as they'd like to be. They're
actually an offshoot of the Cyberpunks, retaining the
reckless abandon of their colleagues. They tend to be far

30 Virtual Adepts

more subtle than the others, though, and concentrate more
on information-gathering and protection than on may-
hem. While Cypherpunks still enjoy vulgar magick, they
use it with more finesse. They've got an annoying tendency
to spend Paradox as fast as they accumulate it, creating a
problem for those around them. Unlike their more destruc-
tive kin, the Cypherpunks prefer Mind and Matter magick
to raw Force.

In ordinary conversation, the Cypherpunks I've met
are much more outgoing than your average Adept. They
will usually slag your opinions and take up a contrary
position just to spite you. This is the Cypherpunks' usual
style — they claim they're trying to make you consider all
the possibilities, rather than simply accept everything at
face value. Usually, they only succeed in pissing people off.

Chaoticians

When prison stocks are iron and have no

place for the head, the prisoner is doubly

in trouble...

If you try to hold up the gate and door of a

falling house,

You will also be in trouble.

— Zen Koan

The Chaoticians are an altogether different breed of
Virtual Adept. While the Cypher-and-Cyberpunks have
very similar artistic philosophies, the Chaoticians are cold
and calculating scientists. They believe that the informa-
tion that makes up reality is too complex to manipulate
directly, and therefore must be analyzed and controlled by
probabilities. These Adepts study Entropy heavily.

The Chaoticians get their name from the theories that
so many of them hold dear. Chaos theory is very important
to the Chaoticians — they view the coming Ascension as
the embodiment of chaos theory. When any system be-
comes too complex, the theory goes, it will ultimately break
down. This is what the Chaoticians believe is happening to
reality — they feel that this world is rapidly coming apart
at the seams. This legion includes many of the Adepts
seeking to reformat reality ASAP.

Chaoticians are master mathematicians, fiddling with
numbers to make them say whatever they want. Most
Adepts will agree that a Chaotician can demonstrate that
pi equals four and that the magic bullet theory is true.
Through bizarre mathematical warpings, Chaoticians can
cause virtually any event to happen. They don't need full-
blown computersas foci; they use fancy scientific calculators
instead.

These Adepts aren't as plentiful as the "regular" vari-
ety, but they make up for their scarcity with subtlety.
Chaoticians rarely venture into the Net. Most Chaoticians
are skilled at coincidental magick, a marked contrast with
the "punk" legions, who consider creative Paradox to be
some sort of contest. The Chaoticians I've spoken to prefer


the random power surge to the all-out attack, and regard
other legions as boorish and cras:

Reality Hackers

I'd like to turn the whole world on

Just for a moment

Just for a moment

— Danielle Dax, "Tomorrow Never Knows"

The Reality Hackers are the newest, smallest and most
unique faction among the Virtual Adepts. Unlike many of
their brethren, the Reality Hackers have little or no inter-
est in exploring virtual visions of reality through the Digital
Web. They do not find BBS chatter or computer hacking
appealing. Instead, this legion uses magick and high-tech
computers to hack an entirely different kind of information
system: the universe.

The Reality Hackers believe the universe to be the
most intricate and powerful network ever created, simply
made up of a series of complex codes — codes that were
made to be broken. Ergo, the universe, and all life with it,
is ripe for hacking. This faction preaches that for one to
Ascend, one must look without, not within.

Naturally, this philosophy has been the topic of many
a heated discussion within the Tradition; some feel that
this faction refuses not only the power and tools they've
been granted, but everything that the Virtual Adepts stand
for and hope to one day achieve. Still other Adepts praise
the Reality Hackers for their ingenuity. The debate is sure
to continue for a very long time.

Life Hacking

The Reality Hackers perceive the Earth as a giant
network linked to millions of other networks comprising
the intergalactic network of the cosmos. Each city of the
Earth is viewed as a network wherein may be found millions
ofsystems, or people, to be cracked and manipulated. Some
powerful Reality Hackers reputedly use a secret rote to hack
into people if they have a bit of genetic material from the
subject in question. This frightening ability allows them to
tune their foci to the genetic "code" of the individual and
reprogram his brain using the Mind Sphere. I've heard that
Reality Hackers can reprogram a body to produce halluci-
nogenic compounds or deadly toxins spontaneously, as a
result of reformatting the way the body works. I've even
heard speculation that these mages may, by using this rote,
effectively time travel into the past by using old genetic
material and "taking control" of a person long dead. Al-
though this seems nothing more than a dark whisper, it's
chillingly plausible. Thes

guys bear serious watching!
Fortunately, it's said that the Reality Hackers have

found some minds difficult, even impossible, to open.

There is a theory that this has something to do with the

psychic potential in some individuals. I think it may have
something to do with Awakening, as I've never heard

uieteng et


Adept characters. The Life Hacking rote is a
_closely guarded secret; the consequences would be __
horrifying if the rote fell into the wrong hands.
covering it (or creating some variant of it)
~ should be a heavy undertaking, requiring at least
three dots in Correspondence and Prime and four

in Mind and Life.

ing two or three dots in Correspondence and three
——in Mind. Bothy a z
other mages (particularly Dreamspeakers, Akashic

___Brothers and Verbena) are likely to take offense at__

Adepts using such magicks.

rumors of other mages or Garou being mind-hacked this
way. Reality Hackers have, however, had tremendous suc-
cess in quietly breaching the minds of certain Technomancer
Acolytes, allowing the Hackers access to new campaigns
against the Virtual Adepts.

One problem that Reality Hackers have encountered
has a certain poetic ring to it: viruses. Not computer
viruses, but viral illnesses and general sicknesses of the
human body itself — the common cold, the flu, and a
number of painful, sometimes fatal, diseases like Hodgkin's
Disease, AIDS and cancer. If a Reality Hacker infiltrates a
Sleeper before running a virus detector program, and the
Sleeper in question is infected with a virus or illness, the
Reality Hacker may, in turn, contract the disease while her
computer equipment suffers a similar computer virus.

Some Reality Hackers theorize that the Progenitors may
know more about their faction than the Adepts expected,
and are actively infecting Sleepers to bring an end to the
faction. It sounds like karma to me, but what do I know?

Dream Hacking

While the Virtual Adepts look to the Digital Web to
create worlds of virtual reality, some Reality Hackers look |
to another medium to explore the nature of existence —
the dreams of Sleepers. The Reality Hackers claim that the
virtual creations of the Web pale in comparison to the
worlds that members of this faction have walked, touched,
smelled, and tasted in the dreams of Sleepers.

The Reality Hackers believe that mortal dreams are a
key to learning the secrets of the Tapestry and a door to
countless Realms yet undiscovered. Some place messages
in Sleepers' dreams for other Reality Hackers to find when
normal channels are too risky to use. One Hacker I know
claims to meet with his buddies inside someone else's
dreams. | won't pretend that the Reality Hackers don't
make me nervous. There aren't many of them, and the
things they claim to do would take enormous skill and
power to pull off. It could be that all these stories are just
that (see my note on bragging and status); they do, how-
ever, raise some disturbing possibilities. I've made the
Reality Hackers a priority on my "need to know" list.
Fortunately, this is easier with the Hackers than it is with
their comrades. Though many Virtual Adepts refrain from
meeting face to face, the Reality Hackers usually prefer to.

This so-called "legion" may have some truth to what
they espouse as reality, but their methodology appalls me.
Can you imagine what could happen if the Technocracy
were to discover this life hacking rote? The idea of mages
holding court in my dreams scares the hell out of me, and
pisses me off for the Sleepers involved if it's true. As I said,
this legion needs to be closely watched!

soc.chantries.crystal.palace

I did what I could to infiltrate the Adepts'
main Chantry, but none of my contacts ever
goes there. I've gota promise from a "geezer,"
a pre-Net Adept, that he'll take me there
soon, but any info I can get will have to wait
for a later report.

The main Chantry, called the Crystal
Palace, is represented by a tall structure in
the Net, but doesn't exist in realspace at all.
This Chantry gets its Quintessence from a massive tap
through phone lines in Omaha, Nebraska. It's pretty old as
virtual reality constructs go, and entropy is said to be on the
increase there. (This raises ominous possibilities for other
VR constructs, which Netrunners call "Formatted Web" or
"stacked files.") Many Adepts feel that the Crystal Palace

Virtual Adepts

should be tied to where the real action is — Silicon Valley
— but old-timers resist the urge to move.

The Crystal Palace, so I'm told, takes the form of
glittering spires of data in the Net. Most of the Adepts who
frequent this Chantry are of the Old Guard, hacker-mages
who remember when the Adepts were a Technocracy
Convention, Kennedy was shot and vacuum tubes were
high-tech. Many of the younger Adepts shun the main
Chantry, preferring to hang out in seedy bulletin board
systems (BBSs), trading pirated user setups, rotes and acce
keys.

Itisrumored that the Kernel of the Net lies somewhere
in the Crystal Palace, but most Adepts scoff at the idea.
They all agree that the Kernel is everywhere and every-
thing in the Net.


: The Rote Database

A huge database of rotes has been created in program form: stored in the Crystal Palace, it appears as a huge warehouse.
Grouped and cross-indexed by Sphere, these rotes represent the sum of knowledge of the Virtual Adepts. Only a Virtual Adept
may access this database; anyone else will have her icon disrupted. Inextreme cases, she may be killed by neural feedback if she
attempts further intrusion. Even Adepts must pa g some favor for the Chantry or by adding )
some new rote'to the library. ii
Virtually any coincidental effect an Adept may wish to create is available here. Ir takes an average of two to thirty minutes
(roll Computer + Research, difficulty 6; each success shaves five minutes off of the access time, to a minimum of two minutes)
int the proper rote in the database, depending upon how specific the Adept is in describing it.
otecant
B ite takes an average of one minute to download. Neer that each rote is usable only once unless the Adept makes ratrial
copies of it. Copies cannot be erased from the Adept database in the Chantry. Each rote takes up approximately 512 kilobytes

ofstorage space:

mputer. ac means that abetene hundred rotes can be stored on a standard 120 megabyte hard drive.

Combat with Virtual Adepts seems peculiar to
mages used toa straight-out fight. Other Tradi-
tions view Adepts as cowards because they
seldom confront an enemy on any terms other
than their own. Nothing could be further from
the truth; a Virtual Adept is deadly in combat.
The hacker mages are survivors, and have
g developed formidable tactics.

Social Engineering is a favorite trick; in
its broadest sense, "social engineering" is a kind of socio-
logical sleight-of-hand, getting a group of people to act
without actually telling them to (see my note about the
"cyberpunk" phenomena, above). In personal combat,
Adepts use Social Engineering to baffle and outmaneuver
their opponents.

The Adepts prefer, when confronted with an enemy
face to face, to use their Social Engineering to distract the
enemy. This is known among the Adepts as the "Look,
there goes Elvis" trick. In the meantime, the Adept weaves
arote to digitize the opponent and inject him into the Net,
causes some physical disturbance with Forces or Matter, or
simply scats. Fights with Virtual Adepts take place quickly
or not at all.

Most Virtual Adepts working in mixed cabals are most
comfortable coordinating attacks from a home base. They
have the technology to keep a constant and vigorous
communication going among a party of mages, and the
presence of mind to direct the others in a firefight. Others
may walk among their comrades as an icon, using Corre-
spondence magick to "be there" and cutting out when the
going gets tough. Still others enjoy getting into tense
situations and actually go into the field. An Adept may also
work as an ace in the hole; a powerful Adept can quickly
transport supplies, aid and other backup to mages in need.

Summation

As you can probably guess, I respect these hot-wired
bastards. Their insights are a bit screwed, but they've got
some solid ideas just the same. If I sat staring at a computer
screen all day and night while HIT Marks chased my tail,
I'd develop some weird ideas, too. While I haven't forgot-
ten my mission, I've made friends among the Netheads and
I advise cautious cooperation between our Traditions for
the moment. All the same, don't turn your back on them,
and for the gods' sake don't put anything on computer files
that you don't want them to see.

Merry meet!

— With all regards, trust and love,

Sharri

ule

neering can use a subtle form of social engineering
__to convince an opponent that the Adept is some-

one she is not. In more extreme cases, she may use
_itto vanish into a crowd or to mask herself from

detection, fooling pursuers into thinking she is
___not really there. hte

To use Social Engineering, an Adept must

—haveat least-ewe dotsin- Mind,and-the Ability-of —

Subterfuge. The difficulty of the roll is usually 8,
—but-may-be-deereased-if-theAdept-is-especially—

clever or if the subject is elsewhere, like on the
—telephone-or over the computer tines


Saeer"s

Chapter 3.0:
"Does

Not

Work Well

Anarchist, n. — Syn. insurgent, rebel, revolutionary; see

agitator.

— Webster's New World Thesaurus

Defenceless under the night,
Our world in stupor lies;

Yet dotted everywhere,

Ironic points of light
Flash out wherever the Just
Exchange their messages:

— W.H. Auden, September 1, 1939
E-mail message from Isaac73
Subject - Re: Other Trads
Darkheart,

I've thought about the last set of e-mail you sent me,

~arding the other Traditions. You're really frightening,

you know that?I mean, from the stuff you sent, it seems like

we're all alone. The Technocracy hates us more than all the

others combined. The rest of the Traditions are waiting to
punt us off the Council. I mean, I know we're the best, the
very best, but without anyallies, aren't we doomed? I'm sure

you know, like everyone else, all the software in the world

doesn't make up for human contact. Even the Sleepers
know that. I'm awfully ft on this stuff. Could we get
together to chat about the rest? I'd like it if you could bring

someone, maybe Daneel, just so I can have another view.

Isaac

Log #375A

Private Room: Tradspace@Spy's Demise

Isaac73: When does the log start recording stuff?

Darkheart: It's on now, kid

Daneel: Isaac, anytime you want tostart the questions,
go ahead.

Isaac73: Thanks, Daneel. So, do you just want to do
them all in alphabetical order?

Darkheart: Watch out, kid, you think too much like
the Technocracy.

Dane

Stop calling all the Apprentices "kid," Dark.
Isaac73: So, first on my list is the..

Chapter Three


BMW
LIT THUG UD OMG preg P ot ta Ltn
IMD am hi rit

Lie Ta
Tia ieltiat pratt
iter da MC epee
a | NIN en ae
pi uc . Hy
Re! Avett

at WO
Ye ee oat e
nut

Rae
"1%

HED
OND,

i D
Finnie ae

Hees uD)
to yOu(Ol
put
(ub
"N |

——

——

Akashic Brotherhood
Darkheart: I'll field this one. I've known too many of
the A-K brothers. Basically, kid...
Daneel: Dark, delete the "kid" stuff!
Darkhear
before... Isa

Fine, Daneel. Anyway like I told you
.. the A-Ks are trapped somewhere in an-

cient Oriental thought. Sure, they know really cool fighting
techniques and they've got all that mind over body stuff
down cold, but when it comes down to it, that stuff doesn't
cut it in the modern world. You can't stop the Technocracy
with a flying kick or with deep meditation.

Daneel: The other problem they have is the amount of
training their members have to go through.

Darkheart: Yeah, unless you want to spend your life
devoted to training, the A-Ks are out. As one of them told
me, "Either you study the Do or you don't study. There is no

in between." They're constantly working to achieve the
same goals over and over. Millennia have passed, but the

A-Ks remain the same.

Daneel: Their biggest problem, Isaac, is that they
don't change with the times. The Brotherhood's name
even recalls the past. They aren't into science, and they
te themselves from the world to master their

Isaac73: Okay, I see what you don't like about them,
but how does our Tradition relate to the A-Ks? What can
I expect if | meet one?

Darkheart:
not, he'll just decide you're part of the Technocracy.

xpect to be ignored, if you're lucky.

Wham! You'll never even see the attack coming.

Daneel: ::sighs:: If you can befriend a member of the
Akashic Brotherhood, you'll have a loyal ally for life. We
do share some common ground with them. They alter
themselves and their perceptions to master the world. We
just take things faster. We alter the world to fit our percep-
tions.

Isaac73: You mean, by creating Virtual Realms in the
Net?

Darkheart: ::laughs:: Yes, I'm sure she does, not that
you'll ever see any Virgin Web in your lifetime.

Daneel: A few members of the Brotherhood actually
enjoy using the Net. Virtual reality helps them meditate
and concentrate on Do... Anyway, whatever you do, don't
anger them.

Darkheart: And if you decide to mess with one, make

sure youre well-hidden, like on the other side of a stz

Daneel: Remember, although they don'tadapt quickly
enough to combat the Technocracy in this modern age,
they do have talent. They just need us to guide them.
Darkheart: I prefer raw manipulation myself,
Isaac73: Okay, that's enough on them. Let's go on...


Celestial Chorus

Daneel: The Celestial Chorus is next, in alphabetical
order. Although if you want my preferences, its a toss-up
between the Chorus and the Verbena for greatest trash
Tradition in the Council of Nine...

Darkheart: The Verbena get my vote.

Tsaac73: Could we discuss the Celestial Chorus? Please?

Darkheart: Watch your tone, kid.

Daneel: The Celestial Chorus live in the past. Some-
where, in their minds and places of worship, they've created
a vision of God, the Supreme Being, some sort of Prime
Mover. Think of the Church during the Dark Ages. They
see the Divine in everything.

Darkheart: Sometimes | think the best thing about
the Technocracy is that they dethroned the Chorus. Here
is one Tradition that still can't get it together. They failed
to bring Ascension to the masses in the Mythic Age, and
they certainly can't get their act together now. Most of
them want to deny science, not embrace it.

Isaac73: Is there something wrong with believing in a
higher power?

Darkheart: Why should we? We are the power. So are
you... Initiate.

Daneel: There's nothing wrong with believing in a
divine force if you want, Isaac. Just don't let it limit your
vision. The Celestial Chorus lets itself stagnate. They're
every bit as afraid of change as the Technocracy. They
don't want any of us to have information. Everything works
on faith. Don't dare question the powers that be. If they had
their way, you would not only not be online, but you
wouldn't be able to read either. Trust in God, not yourself.
That's their message.

Darkheart: Personally, | don't believe in any divine
entity. Religions are excuses for the weak. If you don't have
any willpower or personality, find a religion. Many institu-
tions aren't going to make it through the Electronic Age.
The Chorus is first on the list to go. It's dead, so's God. Let's
move on.

Isaac73: Hang on a minute. What happens if I meet
some of them? I noticed a few were even out in the
Demise...

Daneel: Some members of the Chorus recognize the
power of the media and computer systems to spread their
gospels. They use technology to broadcast their backwards-
looking messages. If you learn only one lesson from the
Chorus, make it one of personal responsibility. No divine
force will make the world a better place. We create our own
heavens and hells. You can see them better in the Net, but
they're still around in realspace.

Darkheart: Look, put up with the CCs if you want,
Isaac. Humor them. Chances are they won't bother you. If
you take one into the Web, she's likely to think it's some
kind of miracle. You're more likely to convert her to
computers than she is to make any of us accept her dogma.

Isaac73 :
Darkheart: I can see you're a bit idealistic, kid. Oh
well, you just need some experience to get rid of that
innocence. And the best group to do that would be the..

Cult of Ecstasy

Darkheart: If you want a good time, meet a member of
the Cult of X. They're unbelievable.

Daneel: Mmmmm... [ agree. If you want a party... of
just a good time... meet a few Cultists. But if you're trying
to do anything serious, forget them.

Darkheart: What do you mean? They're serious about
what they do. And they do it well.

Daneel: Lot of good that's going to do you, when
Iteration X has a HIT Mark or three at your door, ramming
large guns into your meat and opening up.

Isaac73: What do Cult members do?

Darkheart: You can't be serious about that question.
They're called the Cult of Ecs miles

Isaac73: | know they're purveyors of pleasure. And
Dark, I'm certainly experienced enough to want to find an
attractive C of X member and introduce her to cybersex.

sy for a reason

She might enjoy interfacing with sensory input flowing
directly to her pleasure centers. | wanted to know... what
else they do? Do they have any value as far as Ascension?

Darkheart: First ofall, kid, | doubt you'd introduce her
to anything...

Daneel: Watch out, Dark! Isaac's going to make a good
Adept yet. He'
ity.

's already starting to challenge your author-

Darkheart: Can I finish, Daneel?

Daneel: Go ahead.

Darkheart: Thanks. Ok,
else they can do? Well, pleasure is persuasive. Sleepers flock
to them. Also, many of the C of Xers are at least Disciples
of Time. But, mostly, they're good for parties, that's all.

c, you want to know what

Daneel: Ultimately, they waste away their existences,
Isaac. They aren't creating anything that lasts. The Cult of
Ecstasy appeals to many Sleepers, but people need more
than a series of pleasurable experiences to give their lives
meaning.

Darkheart: Spoken like a good computer geek too
repressed for the party crowd, Daneel. A lot of Adepts get
touchy when sexual issues are brought up, don't they, Isaac?
Proving yourself online is one thing, hot animal intimacy
is quite another.

Daneel: | have a feeling that your meat isn't nearly as
well-proportioned as your icon, Dark. And I've taken my
flesh into one of their pleasuredomes, for your information,
and I wasn't impressed. There weren't too many hot ani-
mals there who could carry on a lucid conversation with
me, especially considering the drugs and all the music.

Chapter Three 37


Isaac73: Fine, I get the picture, and I'll learn to relate
to them. Itsounds like I'll have fun in the process. Now, one
group I'm totally lost on is the..

Dreamspeakers

Isaac73: What are they about? | mean, shamanism?
What does that have to do with the modern world? I mean,
that's farther gone than the Celestial Chorus.

Darkheart: Basically, | wouldn't worry about them or
pay them any real attention. They don't have any organi-
zation. They all seem afflicted with constant depression,
bemoaning the death of the world. And they dance around
circles, painting their bodies, beating drums, and doing
their best work asleep.

Daneel: Dark, don't you think that the Dreamspeakers
best embody what the Technocracy lacks? Isaac, if you
could combine the Technocracy with the Dreamspeakers. ..

Darkheart: You'd have a bunch of stagnant crazies
using science to summon spirits to tell them the world's
dying, and dragging us down with them. But hey, at least,
they'd be amusing to watch.

Daneel: No! You'd have dedicated scientists who
would care about the human and natural aspects of the
world.

Darkheart: Are youa New Ager orsomething, Daneel?
Is that why you don't like the Celestial Chorus?

Isaac73: Dark, please, I'm trying to learn.

TREN ae sey

x

—

Darkheart: Kid, you can always review the log later.
That's why we're making one.

Daneel: | think you're afraid of expressing your inner
self, Dark, which is why you do the typical Virtual Adept
show of smug arrogance whenever you can't relate to
something.

Darkheart: Ohhh, that's deep. Be glad I like you,
Daneel.

Isaac73: Excuse me, the Dreamspeakers?

Daneel: Where was I? Speaking of logs, let me scroll
back... oh yes, aspects of the world. One of the reasons that
1 like the Dreamspeakers is they understand other forms of
reality.

Isaac73: Like the Digital Web?

Darkheart: I wouldn't go that far...

Daneel: More like the rest of the Umbra than the
Digital Web, but yes. The Dreamspeakers gain data about
the fabric of the Tapestry from their spirit allies

Darkheart: Yea
the slightest, like if they had Chantries, maybe someone

, and if they were at all organized in

could find and use that data

Daneel: They have Chantries, Darkheart, despite what
some of them say. There's one called the Second World of
the Dine out on the Horizon.

Isaac73: Wait a minute, how cana Tradition not have
an organization?


"
LO onal
| Wate cuenta
AEA
Darkhearts ;srilless'Do.youthinkeweiharetamel
organization, kid?

\ aS

Daneel: They have initiation ceremonies, and they
recognize other members. As I understand it, and I'm far
e the
uniqueness of each human being, as well as the responsibil-
ity that we all have for the planet. We are individuals
within a spiritual whole.

from an expert on Dreamspeakers, they empha

Isaac73: So, what happens if | meet a Dreamspeaker?

Daneel: It's hard to say. Like us, they're individuals.
You can't judge one by the rest of the Tradition.

Darkheart: You can say that about any mage, Daneel.
I've never met a mage, outside the Technocracy, who fit
perfectly into a stereotype.

Daneel: What I meant was that they have more loners
and less communication than any of the other Traditions.

Darkheart: They say that they use dreams to speak to
one another. That's why they call them the Dreamspeakers.
Almost makes sense, doesn't it?

Isaac73: Ok, my common ground with the
Dreamspeakers is my individuality and an understanding of
altered states, plus a mutual commitment to humanity.

Darkheart: Next, my favorite twisted nightmarish
types, the...

Euthanatos

Darkheart: My advice, Isaac, is to leave them alone.
Avoid any group with an obsessive fascination with death.

Daneel: | agree. Isaac, a Euthanatos might just decide
to kill you outright as an experiment, or because our
Tradition was part of the Technocracy. I don't pretend to
understand the Euthanatos, and I don't want to. If they
want to experience the Net, fine. We'll show them our path
to Ascension. Otherwise, give them a wide berth.

Darkheart: Ifyou meet one, treathim like aNephandus,
except don't attack. Got it?

Isaac73: Actually, | meta Euthanatos already. Seemed
like a nice person. Sure, we talked about death and dying,
but he didn't act like Jack Kervorkian or anything.

Darkheart: Fine, go ahead and have your own experi-
ences. I just wouldn't trust a Euthanatos. You only have one
chance with them. If you misjudge one, you won't ever
have to worry about how to deal with the other Traditions
or anyone else. @

Daneel: An Adept should know appearances can be
deceptive.

Isaac73: Drop it, guys, you're sounding like the Con-
ventions. Stuck in one mode of thought.

Darkheart: Watch it, Apprentice, or I'll send you on
a psychedelic trip through virtual wonderland that'll make
a bad LSD trip seem like a night of drinking.

Chapter Three 39


Daneel: Give him some slack, Dark. He'll learn better.

Darkheart: Look, kid, the ‘Thanatos don't like us
because they know we have the secret to putting them out
of business. Eventually, we'll just be able to download our
brains online and live forever. Kibo's already done it. The
flesh is the past, electronics are forever.

Isaac73: Are you serious, man?

Darkheart: Deadly, kid. I'm not going to die. I'm
better than that.

have to agree with Dark.

Isaac73: I'm not ready for that sort of stuff. I like my
body.

Daneel: There's more to life than a heartbeat, Isaac.
You'll see after a few trips into the Net.

Isaac73: Well, what about the...

Hollow Ones

Isaac73: Aren't they just like the Euthanatos?

Daneel: No. ::laughs:: Do you want to know about the
Hollow Ones or all the Orphans?

Darkheart: Let's just talk about the Hollow Ones and
forget about the rest of the Orphans.

Isaac73: I'd like to know as much as possible.

Darkheart: We'll be conferencing forever if we try to
talk about all the Orphans.

Daneel: Dark's right. I'll download some files on the
others for you later, Isaac. As long as Dark doesn't mind...?

Darkheart: Fine with me, Daneel.

Daneel: Good.

Isaac73: Thanks, Daneel.

Darkheart: The Hollow Ones aren't into death. They
think we're all doomed, kid. They're just having a good
time on this decaying rock before everything goes. They
know how to party, just like the Culties. Unlike the
Ecstatic, the Hollow Ones can occasionally do other things.
At least they recognize the existence of technology. That
puts them ahead of all the backward looking Trads.

Daneel: Potentially, the Hollow Ones could be the
first group of mages to embrace our brave new electronic
world. It's infinitely better than dark reality.

Isaac73: So what are they like?

Darkheart: Kid, I told you, they like to party, wear
black, and celebrate the death of society as we know it.

Daneel: Not that the Sleepers have much of a society
anymore... at least, not one with any real values.

Isaac73: Is everyone in our Tradition so down on
reality?

Darkheart: Pretty much. Reality doesn't stack up
against virtual realms. With computers, we improve upon
reality.

Daneel: I'm not down on reality, just society. The
Technocracy killed our sense of community. Another
thing that makes us cool is that by connecting everyone

40 Virtual Adepts

online, we create a stronger, larger community with better
communication. Life gets better.

Darkheart: At any rate, Daneel made a good point
about the Hollow Ones. If we show them a yellow brick
road leading out of Kansas to the Emerald City, they'll be
all too willing to skip down it. Nobody'll want to leave our
Oz.

Isaac73: Cool. Okay then, what about the...

Order of Hermes

Daneel: The scientists who failed. That's what the
Order is.

Darkheart: Yeah, they were close to discovering a
science so they could impose their own system of metaphys-
ics on the world.

Isaac73: What happened?

Daneel: They were overcome by hubris, too much
pride... they kept their discoveries to themselves, the elite
few. The Order couldn't bear the thought of magick being
accessible to everyone.

Darkheart: The Ords were on top for a while. In the
Mythic Age, they had the power. The Hermetics had as
many different groups as the Traditions and the Conven-
tions combined. They had the potential, but not the
momentum. The Sleepers rejoiced when the Technocracy
swept them away.

Isaac73: Now, the magick of the Order works like that
of fantasy wizards, right? The Merlin sort of stuff?

Daneel: Not really. Find a good online file on medi-
eval magic. Its a little different from the stuff you read in
fantasy novels.

Darkheart: They almost had a system. If they had let
everyone else join their party instead of sneering at the un-
Awakened masses, then... we wouldn't havea Technocracy.
We'd have an Order. Hell, if they hadn't been so involved
with infighting to recognize the Technocracy as a threat,
we wouldn't be here. Never get into politics, kid.

Daneel: As it is now, the Order has to get with the
future and stop living in the dead past. They're stagnant.

Darkheart: Yeah, they've got to wake up and stop
trying to solve the world's problems using magicks that died
out centuries ago. Old failures don't make new solutions.
Another dead Tradition.

Isaac73: The more I hear, the more | wonder what
would the other Traditions would do without us? It seems
like most of them are lost in the past.

Darkheart: Very good, kid. Now you see why the
Technocracy's winning.

Daneel: The other Traditions need us. Without our
knowledge of technology, the Technocracy would have
blasted the Council of Nine into ruina long time ago. Some
factions of the Order of Hermes realize this on some level
some of the time. But, even they just don't understand what
we're doing.

Isaac73: So, the Order of Hermes supports us?
Darkheart: No. No one supports us, we're on our own.
Daneel: Ignore Dark a minute. They support us in
theory. They know science can't be ignored. However,
they want to infuse science with mysticism. If they could
just let go of the past and shed their politics, then shakes
head::

Darkheart: My final words on them. Another dead
Tradition.

Daneel: You shouldn't have too many problems with
members of the Order.

Isaac73: Good. I've always admired ancient mysti-

cism, at least the fantasy kind. It makes for good computer
games.

Darkheart: ::smiles:: That's the attitude, kid.

Isaac73: So, who's next on the agenda?
Darkheart: The real crazies, the...

Sons of Ether
Daneel: Here's a group you can feel safe approaching.
Ofall the Traditions, they're the ones closest to us.
Isaac73: Why?
Darkheart: They're a Technomancer Tradition, just
like we are. Except while the Adepts planned to break from
the Greyfaces, the Technocracy punted the Sons...

Daneel: The Children of Ether don't view science like
we view science. And they definitely don't work like the
Technocracy. They specialize in massive speculation, cre-
ativity. The Children don't see...

Isaac73: Hang on, Daneel. Why are you calling them
the Children?

Daneel: Oh, well, that is one of the throwback prob-
lems of the Etherites. They refuse to change their name,
even though they have a number of women in their Tradi-
tion. The female Sons I have spoken with like to call
themselves Children of Ether. So I do as well in support of
them.

Darkheart: Just call them, Sons, Isaac. You won't
offend any of the old anal farts in the Trad, and the ladies
will correct you.

Daneel: That won't help them change.

Darkheart: It's not my problem. I have to worry about
HIT Marks, and MIBs online, not whether the Sons are
called the Sons, Daughters, Children, Worshippers, Dis-
ciples, Descendants, Etherites, Etherians, etc. I could go
on, but I've wasted too much time here already.

Isaac73: | think I'll just use Sons until I know better.

Daneel: You should never compromise the truth.

Isaac73: By the way, Dark, I am learning some stuff. |
do appreciate this.

Darkheart: It's not a problem. | offered, remember?

Chapter Three

41


Daneel: Where were we?

Isaac73: What is Ether?

Darkheart: Ether is this stuff that is supposed to exist
in space, between the planets. Essentially, the Technos
held a symposium and the Void guys decided that it
shouldn't exist. A debate followed, and the other Conven-
tions declared that there was no Ether. The Sons revolted
and left, although I think it was the Conventions' way of
saying, "Get in line."

Daneel: Anyway, the cool thing about the Children is
that they don't let Technocracy theories stand in the way
of their experiments. Creativity and intuition guide them.

Darkheart: Even I have to admit that it's amazing
what some of those nutbags come up with. Rayguns, tun-
nelling machines, alchemy, even robotic A.I.s that work
entirely differently from anything the Technocracy's cre-
ated.

Isaac73: They sound cool. Why do you keep referring
to them as nuts, Dark?

Darkheart: Some of them just goa little too far outside
the bounds of normal thought for me.

Daneel: A few of them get consumed by their theories.
Everything in the world works differently from what we
accept as science.

Darkheart: But they make great conversationalists. If
you want to have fun with one, watch a few bad sci-fi
movies with a couple of robots. Then find a Son of Ether
and talk seriously about the movie with him.

Daneel: The Children of Ether are good allies in the
Ascension War. We can trust them better than any other
group.

Darkheart: Isaac, listen to me, don't trust anybody.

Isaac73: All right, well, we're at the end. Who are
the...

Verbena

Daneel: They are a bunch of sick witch-types who
believe that you have to spill blood everywhere to use
magick.

Darkheart: Stay away from these loons, kid. They are
twisted ritualists better off forgotten. We don't like them,
they don't like us. They can't understand science at all.

Daneel: And they just don't understand that ancient
dark rituals are what opened the door for the Technocracy.

Darkheart: They're enough to make you think that
maybe there was a reason behind the Salem Witch Trials.

Isaac73: Wait a minute... those trials were a bunch of
paranoids and some misunderstandings...

Darkheart: Actually, they probably had more to do
with vampires than Verbena, but you can categorize both
in the same group. Dangerous.

Daneel: The only good thing about the Verbena is that
they fight the Technocracy. That is the only good thing. If

42 Virtual Adepts

they ran the world, the Sleepers would scream for the
Technocracy to come back.

Darkheart: If you ask me, there's another good thing.

Daneel: Oh?

Darkheart: They're going to die out, because they
don't change. The Verbena can't ride the wave of the
future, so it's going to wipe them out.

Daneel: I'm glad you think so. They've managed to
survive this long. The Order tried to exterminate them in
the Mythic Age. They survived attacks by the Celestial
Chorus. They survived the coming of the Technocracy.
And, in case you haven't noticed, they're gaining support
among the Sleepers as a reaction to Big Brother.

Isaac73: Are they involved with the New Age move-
ment?

Darkheart: Yes, but I still think they're going to
shrivel up and blow away.

Daneel: The biggest problem I have with them is that
they can't accept the fact that truth in the modern world
can be found through technology. They want to think that
the Computer Age doesn't exist, because they can't cope
with reality.

Isaac73: What?

Darkheart: Daneel has a personal problem with the
Verbs, obviously. The Verbs don't think science has any
meaning. They think civilization should go back to the
Stone Age or at least pre-Roman Europe, if Ascension is to
be found.

Isaac73: They are a bit out of it.

Darkheart: Yeah, but they might sacrifice your blood
to try to get back there.

Daneel: Our Traditions pull the Council of Nine in
different directions. It's a struggle we have to win; other-
wise, the Technocracy will.

Darkheart: If the Council went the wrong way full
steam, we'd find something else to do. After all, we are the
very best. ::smiles:: The cutting edge... and soon, the entire
world will be ours with just a touch of a button and a quick
electronic impulse. We've got the best of both worlds; the
vision of the Council and the weapons of the Technocracy.
Remember that, kid.

Daneel: Remember that, no matter what, even if you
have todeal with Verbena, we need all the allies we can get.
Okay, Isaac?

Isaac73: I suspect I'll access my own truth after a
while. Thanks, both of you. Daneel, I really enjoyed meet-
ing you.

Daneel: I don't think we're done yet, Isaac.

Darkheart: Yes, we are. There aren't anymore Tradi-
tions.

Daneel: Well, far be it from me to tell you how to be
a teacher, but Isaac needs to know that there are other
things in the world to watch out for.


Isaac7 3:

:S Daneel:

Vampires Darkhea

ae Darkheart: erything | s wy incrimin:

Daneel:

Isaac7 3: S Darkhea

; Daneel:
me files and missin r . Darkheart: s ko li - ck thee
ts] ; ov, Darkhea
| luring the da


Werewolves
Tsaac73: Ok, what about werewolves?
Darkheart: Werewolves are another matter.
Daneel: Beli
vampires.

Darkheart
something sick and vulgar, but clear out or fry the big sha;

it or not, they are more of a problem than

If you ever see a werewolf, use magick. Do
walking carpet

neel: Imagine something nine feet tall, 800+ pounds of
muscle, with big claws and teeth, that moves faster than your eyes
That's a werewolf.
call themselves Glass Walk-

re not exactly what you'd expect... They aren't stupid.

Yeah, most wolv

And, just like vampires, not a single whiff of Paradox.

Daneel: You know about the Umbra, right, Isaac

Isaac73: Right

Daneel: Werewolves can travel through the Umbra...
which means they can enter the Digital Web.

Darkheart: Don't g
understand, most werewolves freak out in virtual reality. Their
little wolf brains can't take it

Isaac73: Why?
Darkhear

nature of the Net overwhelms them. Ask one sometime if yousee

scared though, kid. From what I

don't know, but I suspect the hyper-sensory

The Technocracy

Daneel: Isaac, what do you know about the Technocracy?

Darkheart: I've given him the basic:

Tsaac73: I know that the old greyfaces roam the Di
Web. I know about science as magick; I know how the Techno
racy dehumanizes people with its creations, unlike our noble
cadre. We help individuals advance realize their potential.

Darkheart: Watch the sarcasm, kid. Too few of usare noble.

Daneel: Seriously, do you know what to do if you encounter
the Technocracy?
Darkheart: I'll give you a hint, kid. Run.
Isaac73: Well, don't they have to use machinery and
devices to access their magick?
Daneel: Yes.
Isaac73: Ok, I'd use my Elite here with For
ambling their

to start

ems. I'm sure a few high-powered transmis-

sions could melt quite a few delicate internal components. And
if they use any computer systems, it'll make shutting them down,
just that much easier.

Darkheart: Great idea, kid. And if youcan shutdowna HIT
Mark before it can fire its particle accelerator down your throat,
then you ought to e-mail Kibo and tell him he's out of a job.

Isaac73: Captain Feedback did it.

Daneel: ::laugh:

] HET Ii |

this way, if they kill me, I get the satisfaction of causing them
problems anyway. The Fire Department's got paramedics, just in
case things get really bad. Contacting other Adepts works well too.

Isaac73: Oh...

Daneel: And if I'm worried about being outnumbered,
augmenting the danger of Paradox helps cut the odds.

Isaac73: Then...

Daneel: Then I cut loose with something vulgar to get out
ortry todestroy them. Getting away from danger is always priority
one. Remember, Sleepers are your friends.

Isaac73: Ok, so you do unleash eventually.

Daneel: Well, it's us or them. Dark, what do you do?

Darkheart: ::smiles slowly:: Do you really want to know?

Isaac73: I would, Dark.

Darkheart: Ok, | let them know they passed their test.

Isaac73: What?

Daneel: You are crazy.

Darkheart: It's like this, and don'trecommend you try this
at home: if they catch me dead to rights, which has happened, I
compliment them. | use a little voice scrambler, pure mundane
tech, to give my voice that crisp Technocracy tone. Then, I stare
at them and state: "Your detection and response time to the
threat was 5.6 minutes. Within the acceptable parameters. I am
Number 5 of the New World Order. Check your Construct
records for verification of my authority."

Isaac73: What then? Don't they crisp you?

Darkheart: No. While I'm doing that, I'm tapping my
Alpha and working on intercepting their transmissions and
responding witha proper verification code. Then, they usually let
me walk.

Daneel: That's just a stupid and near-lethal way to buy time.
Use my method.

Darkheart: I agree, it is stupid. But I'm good enough to pull
it off. That's the bottom line.

Daneel: Isaac, if you want to take on the Technocracy, use
your Correspondence to keep plenty of distance between you and
them. Distance buys you time. They use computers. We control
computers. Information is power. Use better data to destroy their
operations. That's the bottom line.

Darkheart: Develop your own style. Whatever works best
for you. Treat any advice Daneel and I gave you tonight like an
ad forahotnew computer game that hasn't come out. Vaporware.
Ie could be great, but be really careful about staking your life on
it. Rely on yourself...

Daneel: And your cabal.

Darkheart: Whatever.

Isaac73: Well, I appreciate all this data. Did it all log
properly?

Daneel: ::smiles:: Of course.

Isaac73: Great, you two told me a lot. ::chuckles::

Darkheart: What's so funny, kid?

Isaac73: I don't know whether I learned more about the
other Traditions or being an Adept.

Daneel: ::laughs::

Chapter Three 45



Chapter 4.0:

Initiates

Visionary, Mod. 1. [Impractical] — Syn. ideal, ideologi-
cal, romantic, utopian, quixotic, in the clouds (D); see also

impractical.
Webster's

Trailblazer, n. 1. a person who blazes a
trail for others to follow through unsettled coun-

try or wilderness; pathfinder. 2. apioneer in any

field of endeavor

"he Random House College Dictionary

The Virtual Adepts are far more than

spell-casting computer geeks. The more ro-

w World Thesaurus

mantic among the Tradition consider themselves Hackers
at the Gates of Reality. The more pragmatic just see
k for the world at large. This

chapter presents a few beginning Adepts for players or

themselves as a reality che

Storytellers to use as characters or inspiration (or fora good
laugh)

Chapter Four


.. The Couch Potato

I don't think television will ever be perfected until the viewer can
press a button and cause whoever is on the screen's head to explode

— Michael O'Donoghue
Quote: See this, man? My new, wide-screen fifty-six-inch home
entertainment system with two VCRs and a satellite dish. I get over 500
channels now, and I don't even have to move. I can see what good new
shows are coming up for the fall season. In fact, I can even get some shows
that aren't even in production yet! And that's not all I can do! Watch this...

Prelude: You weren't an outsider. You were just lazy, always
\ looking for new ways to do things easily. You never wanted to do actual
work, but had to in order to keep upgrading your entertainment system and
computer. People complained that you were nothing but a couch potato.
Despite being a fairly gross individual, you had friends of asort. One
of them invited you to a party one night. He had the greatest system
you'd ever seen, and he hooked you into some mega-bucks VR rig and
sent youon the trip of your life. "Like it?" he asked when you returned.
Staggered by the things you'd seen, you could only nod. "It's real," he
said, "not a simulation." You knew then that you'd do anything to
take that kind of joyride again.
Your new mentor made you work, which sucked, but it paid off

in the long run. You're still a couch potato, but now you can work
for the greater good without leaving your room. Life is happy.

Concept: You were a kid who watched TV. Too much TV

IZ You know the lines to every episode of "Happy Days," "Star Trek"

and "Mork and Mindy". You command the Knight

Rider and advise "Charlie's Angels" without lift-

ing a finger. You can take on any guise you desire

or send your icon anywhere you want to go. Watch
out world; you've just moved into Sweeps Week!

Roleplaying Tips: Quote television shows and affect man-
nerisms from all your favorite characters. Be daring and brave —
you can always change the channel if things get too nasty. Why

take life seriously? After all, it's only a TV show — isn't it?

Magick: Your control of Correspondence and Forces
allows you to project an icon anywhere you want to be.
With Time magick, you can slow or speed your percep-
tions of time and witness events in the past or future;
these Time effects are coincidental if they're focused
through your entertainment center. Though your
icon cannot do anything beyond your abilities, you
can make it look like anything you want it to

(Manipulation + Subterfuge to fool people). Al
& though your body remains at home, anything

thataffects your icon affects youas well — pull
out when things get thick!

Equipment: Remote Control,
W bathrobe, potato chips, entertain-
KY ment center, really comfy couch.

|
|
|


Name: Essence: Pattern Concept: Couch Fotato

Player: Nature: Loner Mentor:

Chronicle: Demeanor: Conniver Cabal:
Altributes ~--

Physical Social Mental

Strength ___ @@000 Charisma @@@00 Perception @@@00

Dexterity 100 Manipulation Fast ta @@0 Intelligence @eee0

Stamina @@000 = Appearance @0000 Wits @@e@00

MAGE: The Ascension™

Talents Skills Knowledges

SS. @@@00 Drive @0000 = Computer. @0000

S OOOOO Etiquette Cosmology. OOO00O0
Awareness OOOOO Firearms Culture TV ©0000
Brawl OOOOO Leadership. Enigmas O0000
Dodge @@@00 = Meditation Investigation OO0000
Expression. @@000 Melee Law OO0000
Intuition OOOOO Research. Linguistics 00000
Intimidation OOO0OO - Stealth Medicine OO0000
Streetwise. @0000 Survival OOO00O0 Occult 00000
Subterfuge @@@@0 = Technology Leisure tech @@@@O = Science 00000

Spheres
Correspondence __@®@OO Life OOO00O0 Prime 00000
Entropy. OQO0000- Mind QOOOO - Spirit O0000
Forces @@000 = Matter. OOOO0O Time @@000
Other Traits Arete Health
a @©@@0000000 Bruised
00000 Willpower Hurt
00000 @©@©00000000 Injured |
00000 Q000000000 Wounded ne
‘Sule Bt
00000 Quintessence EE 1 on)
00000 aa Crippled =
6" ~ & Incapacitated ir
Backgrounds Qa fey Experience FS
Arcane a o ae
Avatar 4 o a
Mentor a o
Talioman } © Study Points
Cone
Paradox
Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Spheres: 5 Backgrounds: 7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/4/2/1)
ere ek ai Pinos fp ai BEAT tr ie ROSE eT ep As ee


The Musician

Some people do art for immortality. You have to give that up if you' re going to work in high-
tech media. Everything is written on the wind.
— Stewart Brand
Quote: Whaddya mean, I don't make real music? I'm a one-man band. Through
digital keyboards and interfaces, I can make music — anything | can imagine. Through
that music, I can change the world. Life was meant to have a soundtrack. If you just
listen, you can control what happens in the big picture.

; Prelude: You were a struggling musician spending your
| spare time with an Amiga in the basement. Experimenting
(DP with MIDI interface, you went really crazy. Such odd

things happened when you screwed around with your
gear! You chalked them up to late nights and too little

food.

One night, you jammed with this really intense
guy who played like Beethoven on Ecstasy. You nevet
saw him again, but he calls you on the BBS every
now and then. He patched you into another
BBS and introduced you to his friends — his
very odd friends. Like you, these guys knew the
power of using ivories instead of qwertys. Their
ideas of power, however, were a little differ-

ent...
There's a name for your type of music.

( ! Magick.

Concept: You're an artist using pure
digitized sound to shape reality at your
command. While you prefer to work alone,
you maintain contact with other artist
friends to trade techniques. Sometimes
you even collaborate. Unlike some of your
buddies on the Net, you like to go club-
hopping and even play the occasional
gig.

Roleplaying Tips: Learnalotabout
both MIDI and music and drop phrases
from both worlds. Talk over everybody's
head about this stuff — you don't care
whether they understand or not. Violently

object when people insult your music.

Magick: You channel your art through musi-
cal instruments rather than a keyboard. Most of your

effects shift the Forces around you in fairly straightfor-
ward fashion, and you use them to create personal
special effects—electrical discharges, light-and-sound
wave alterations, that sort of thing. Your understand-
ing of Correspondence is sketchy at best. You can get
away with some pretty spectacular stunts in clubs,

but without your rig you're in trouble.
Equipment: Commodore Amiga, Yamaha DX-
7 keyboards, drum machine, MIDI guitar, sampling
(to

machine, recording deck, tapes of old movie
sample quotes from).


MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Essence: Pattern Concept: Musician =
Player: Nature: Visionary Mentor: A:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Rebel Cabal: ee
Attributes mo
Physical Social Mental

Strength @0000 Charisma @OO0 Perception

Dexterity @@@00 = Manipulation ee @@0 = Intelligence
Stamina @@000 = Appearance @@@00 Wits
. ADILTES seer
Talents Skills Knowled
H Alertness, @@@00 Drive @0000 = Computer
B= Athletics OOOOCO Etiquette OO0000 Cosmology. 00000
4 Awareness @@000 Firearms OQO00O0 — Culture Music 00000
; Brawl @@000 Leadership. @@000 - Enigmas OO000O0
Dodge O0000 = Meditation OOO0OO Investigation O0000
i Expression. @@@00 = Melee. OO0O000 Law O0000
Intuition OOOOCO - Research OOOOO Linguistics OO0000
Intimidation OO0OO0 - Stealth OO0000- Medicine OO000
Streetwise. @@@00 = Survival OO0000 Occult OO0000
Subterfuge 00000 Technology Musical Equip @@@@O Science @@000
x Advantage 2enncnrrssocmnsoem
Spheres
Correspondence __@OOOO Life OOOCOO Prime @@000

For

Entropy. O0000 Mind OQO0000 Spirit 00000

@00 Matter. OOO000 Time 00000

a Other Traits Arete Health
00000 @@@0000000  Bnised oun
00000 Willpower Hurt lO wy
00000 @©@©00000000 Injured lO
00000 QOOOOO0000 Wounded 20 .
00000 : Mauled eoaley
00000 Crippled 50
Incapacitated QO
Backgrounds Experience

Allies. @eee0

Avatar @e0ee0

Influence

———___ 0000 Study Points
00000
OO000 Paradox

5 Backgrou
rar


R lol M Tt Concept: You were a bureaucrat. Now
v Z word and the ever changing flow of history
WwW r | te r past, present and future. Your Avatar can be

domineering, and you have frequent conflicts

with her. She tempts you with the power you
both wield over other people's thoughts and
memories. Sometimes you still give in to her.

Little man with a big eraser, changing
history
Procedures that he's programmed to,

in all he Roleplaying Tips: You've done your time

Hint and sees in the bureaucratic slave pits — no one is going

— Megadeth, "Hook in Mouth"
Quote: I've got the real power, man.
Whatever I write, the people will believe
What the people believe becomes
reality. I'm an old pro at this —
I used to do it for the govern-
ment all the time. Can you
recall the past? The present?
The future? I can control what

totell you what todo again! Your clothes, hair and
vocabulary are calculatedly outrageous. Flam-
boyantly Your
Avatar has a Technocratic bent and
struggles to control you, but your

Jefy the mouse you once wer

Virtual Adept buddies have taught
you the value of free will

Magick: Your command of
ullows

Mind and Correspondence
you to alter memories or emotions.
By focusing your magick through
writing, you can use a variety of

youremember. I'm the one who
writesitall down. Lam the Kitty
Kelley of the Traditions.

coincidental effects. Your

Prelude: You we
another government
leading
People derided you for being a civil

gets may believe that the pow

4
of your prose has led them to
totally pointless life

new conclusions. Youneed not
be present tochangeanother's
servant. "You don't need brains to Or 4 = yousean eRiE our
work for the government." Yeah,

right. You had an uncanny knack

for shaping opinions, though.

senses and power anywhere
hard copy of your writing
exists.

People took what you wrote pretty Equipment: Portable

seriously. Too seriously. One day,
y y y word-processor with micro-printer,

the Men in Black paid you a call. flashy clothes, white-out, pad and
Your Awakening was pretty pencil.
traumatic. The idea of deliberately
molding anothers' thoughts went
against your grain. The Bureau of
Internal Security didn't agree.
Your Avatar didn't, either. You
still battle the bitch on occasion,
now that you know what she is.
You have the upper hand, for
now.
When the Reality Hack-
ers busted you free from the
Bureau, you threw in with
the Adepts. They, in turn,
taught you how to harness your
talents for the greater good. And
for occasional revenge.


NaS

MAGE: The Ascension™

Essence: Pattern

Name: Concept: Revisionist Writer

Player:
Chronicle:

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000 Charisma @@000 Perception
= Dexterity Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence
: Stamina Appearance eee00

Talents

Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Rebel

Attributes -

= Abilities =

Mentor:
Cabal:

Skills
= @0000 Drive @0000- Computer.

- @BOOOO Etiquette OOO000 Cosmology. OO000
Awareness @@000 Firearms @@@00 = Culture @@@00
Brawl OOOOO Leadership @@000 Enigmas 00000
Dodge OOO0O0O0 Meditation @@@00 Investigation @@000
Expression @O0O- Melee OO000 Law @0000
Intuition @@@00 Research @@@00 Linguistics O0000
Intimidation OOOOO Stealth OO000 Medicine 00000
Streetwise. OO0OOO Survival OO0000 Occult. 00000
Subterfuge @@@00 Technology OO0O000 Science 00000

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Spheres: 5 Backgrounds: 7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/4/2/1)

ba ae TF

aie =

ret

Wy T

Bit eaten Shs

Spheres ,
Correspondence __@®OOO Life OOO0OO Prime @@000
Entropy. OO0000 Mind @@000 Spirit OO00O0 iA
Forces OOO0CO Matter. OO0000 Time OOO00O ‘zy
Other Traits Arete Health aa
00000 @@00000000 Bruised 20) a
00000 Willpower Hurt 10 fy
00000 @@000800000 Injured 10 FS
00000 OOOOOO000 Wounded 20 fs
00000 Quintessence Mauled 20 &@
00000 den Go Crippled 5a &
2 = oS Incapacitated QO Fy
Back d ° v P 7
ack grounds fe} re) Experience a
Avatar @@000 qa f=) cy
Influence e@e@e00 °a oO Bet,
Library _ @@®00O is) o ;
00000 es red Study Points
00000 Sn0e
: 00000 Paradox

C=
| h C b k As, ilies than on your magick
e y erpun ff SSS One of these days, you'll learn
SMQ\ the secrets of power. Then you'll
S

so that kid from the bad home kick ass!

Equipment: Portable com-
quip!

came over to my house again

decapitated all my dolls puter, acoustic _ coupler,

Marshmallow HE
leather jacket and Jolt Cola.

and if you bore me ,text philes, black

you lose your soul to me >
~ Belly, "Gepetto" eo

Quote: Billy Idol can hump a passing planetoid. He's just
awanna-be. So are you. You suck! You should be glad I'm even
letting you this close to me. Information wants to be free, and
you and everyone else on this pitiful orb are gonna have to deal
with the fact that information is pissed about being caged up
so damn long.

Prelude: It all started when you were online to
that CIA computer. Someone broke into chat
mode and you freaked. You cut the power, you
yanked the phone cord outta the wall. When you
looked back at the'screen, they were still there,
typing glib little messages. "Join us," they said. With
little smiley faces at the end, like this :)

You hooked up with your high-tech street gang
and found more fun than you'd ever had. Night raids
into IBM's dumpsters for spare computer parts, and
into AT&T's dumpsters for passwords and calling card
numbers. On-line adventures beyond your wildest
dreams. Then they decided to show you the real |
power, the ultimate hack — hacking the universe.
You learned that you can say anything you wanted,

because you have the absolute right and the power #7]

to. My

Concept: You were a nasty littlesmart mouthed

brat. Now you're a nasty little foul-mouthed brat.
You know a lot — you're very elite. You've had
your run in with the cops and the Men in Black
Nothing sc
for Demonse

es you now. Well, nothing except
1 Elite.

Roleplaying Tips: You're smart, a lot
smarter than your companions. Remind them
all of this constantly. Go on about your right
to free speech a lot. If somebody tells
you a secret, tell everyone else
youcan immediately. There's
no use in delaying the inevi-
table.

Magick: Subtle? Screw
subtle! Your magick is
flashy and vulgar, justlike
you. You know a little
about a lot, but not
enough about any one
thing, so you depend
more on your own

Name:

__@0000

00000
1®000

Correspondence
Entropy.
Forces

Other Traits
OO0000
———________— 00000
————_____— 00000
OO0000
— 00000
{OOOO

Backgrounds

@@@00
Avatar @@000
Dream ___ @®00O
—______ —___. 00000
00000

Allies

ae The Ascension™

Essence:

Player: Nature: Bravo Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Avant-garde Cabal:
Attributes
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@@00 = Charisma @0000 Perception
Dexterity Quic @@0 = Manipulation Scary @@@@O Intelligence
Stamina @@@00 Appearance ~—~@O000 Wits
Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness__ @@000 Drive OO00O0 = ComputerHacking
Athletics @0O000 Etiquette 00000 Cosmology.
Awareness OOOOO Firearms _@@000 Culture
Brawl @@@00 Leadership OOO0O0 _ Enigmas
Dodge Meditation OOOOON Investigation
Expression. Melee. @0000 Law
Intuition Research, OOOOO Linguistics
Intimidation Stealth O0000 Medicine
Streetwise. Survival 00000 Occult
Subterfuge OO0O000 _ Technology @@000 Science

Spheres
Life OOO00O0
Mind. OO00O0
Matter. @000
Arete
@e@eo0000000
Willpower
@ee00008000
OOO0O000000
Quintessence
3 ag Q
° vy
Q ro)
as) o
a o
o) o
© ©
"Sone
Paradox
Ss: 13/9/5 Sphet 5 Backg! of
as aie

Advantages PT TS

Concept: Cyberpunk

@0000
00000
00000

Prime
Spirit
Time

Health
Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled

Incapacitated
Experience

Ovucocuo

Study Points

ts: 15 (7/5/4/2/1)
a

Chaotician

There are those who think that

Life is nothing left to chance

A host of holy horrors

To direct our aimless dance

— Rush, "Freewill"

Quote: Everything affects everything else. Be sensitive to
initial conditions. Read the patterns in seeming ran-

domness. Then tamper with the system. aS
Prelude: No one ever understood = \
you. As you grew up, everyone was
afraid of you, intimidated by your in- (7/
telligence. You wanted freedom from ‘Af

your caged life at home, so you skipped
grades and were accepted into college

before you had a driver's license.

At the university, you had the re-
sources to search for the Big
Concept, the one that
would let you under-
stand everything.
However, as
you studied,
you found
more ques-
tions than
answers. Ex-
istence
seemed un-
solvable, and
therefore
uncontrol-
lable.

You
didn't want
to accept that
some things
were beyond
you. Your intellec-
tual quest couldn't end
in failure — it was all
you had. During a tear-
filled night in an empty
parking lot, youwrestled
with your inner self. Fi-
nally, atdawn, youcame
toaconclusion. You de-

cided to accept the fact
that there were variables
in the universal equa-
tion. But you could
account for the x-fac-

tors.

You envisioned patterns in everything. You punched
random numbers into your laptop and recognized systems.
Asagameat first, you charted your peers' behaviors on your
laptop. After a few simple experiments, you could predict
many of their actions and reactions. There were answers
within certain parameters. Finally you decided to leave the
university. You had a concept; now you had to affect the
system.

As

good-byes to fellow scholars, you got a flashing transmis-
sion with the message, "Welcome to the club" from
Adept1. You learned about magick, the Virtual Adepts
and the Ascension War. You traded in your old laptop
for a trinary deck and never looked back.

you used the school's online account to e-mail

Concept: You are an extraordinary physicist
and mathematician, with an intuitive grasp of the
sciences rather than straight book understa
You manipulate systems from a distance instead of

nding.

engaging your enemies directly. Your computer con-
tains systems for everything you need.

Roleplaying Tips: You want others to
understand reality

stems, so that they

can shape their own paths. You
believe Ascension is possible,
and every action could poten-
tially cause it. This knowledge
drives you with an intensity

that impresses your fellow
mages. You enjoy the intellec-
tual challenge of fighting the
Technocracy, and you try to

convert Greyfaces, realizing

how close you once were to
their thinking. Youfindaspe-
cial satisfaction in foiling the
Technocracy by manipulating
the flaws in their paradigm of
reality. You carry a gun, be-

cause it's an effective way
to stimulate almost any-
thing.

Magick: Your Corre-
spondence understanding is
rudimentary, but your
knowledge of Matter and
Entropy makes up for it. Use
your grasp of patterns to
change them or break them
down.

Equipment: Laptopcom-
puter, pistol, leather jacket,
hand-held radio scanner.


mIRTUALS
M@QDEPTS

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Essence: Dynamic Concept: Chaotician
Player: Nature: Architect Mentor:

Chronicle: Demeanor: Fanatic Cabal:
Attributes
Physical Social Mental
Strength @0000 Charisma @@000 Perception
Dexterity Manipulation OOO Intelligence Patterns

Stamina Appearance Impressive @@@@O Wits
Abilities ==

Skills Knowledges
@0000 Drive OO0O00O0 Computer @@@00

\ SC OOOOO ss Etiquette__ SSM OOOO =3=— Cosmology
f, Awareness OOOOO Firearms OO0O000 Culture
Brawl OOOO0N Leadership. OOOOO ~ Enigmas
Dodge @@000 = Meditation @@@00 Investigation
Expression. OOO00 Melee OOO00O0 — Law
Intuition @@000 Research @@@00 Linguistics i
Intimidation OCOOOON - Stealth @@000 _ = Medicine \ oy
Streetwise. OOOOO - Survival O0000  Cccult il
Subterfuge 00000 - Technology @000O Science mathematics we]
: Advantages PS
Spheres \

Correspondence __@OOOO Life OO00O0 Prime @0000
Entropy. @@@00 = Mind OQOOOO _ Spirit O0000
Forces OOO00O0 Matter. @@000 _ ‘Time 00000

~ Other Traits Arete Health pt
00000 @®@®@0000000 Bruised og a
00000 Willpower Hurt 1QO im
00000 @@©00@800000 Injured 10 4
00000 OOO00000900 Wounded 20 %
00000 Quintessence Mauled 20
00000 ag, Crippled 50
6? Be Incapacitated QO
Backgrounds go ° Experience
Avatars @@@OO wa fa
Dream ________ @@000 a fe
Mentor ___ @@000 fe) o ;
00000 ie) © Study Points
00000 Onn
OO0000 Paradox

. Attributes: USER Abilities Se pene: ij aoc 7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/4/2/1)

T h M d shifting into the Digital Web. An explosion of pain and
e a wonder enveloped you. There was another world out there!
In realspace, your body crumpled. You saw a silicon

¥.

away the goggles and took you back. You spent the morning

the Digital Revolution is whipping through our lives like inan emergency room, and the afternoon cleaning out your
desk. They said the experiment was a failure. You knew

4 Bengali eyphoon-= while the maiscreammedia tssalll groping
for the snooze button. better.
— Wired Magazine Spending your life savings, you built a simulator in

Ciiseas Thtakes Nese owsendeo} yen your apartment. You found another portal, a conduit, and

to improve reality. I can duplicate reality,

the silicon woman. After she told you about the Digital

GRASRAIE ts ROH A GaN SHOUT HABE Webandsold youon the Virtual Adepts, she disappeared

God who has that kind of power.

Wandering the electronic landscape of the Net, you
discovered that many of your online friends were Adepts,
and they welcomed you into their community. Now, you
intend to bring Ascension by taking everything, copying
it, and making it better.

Concept: The private sector considers you a failure

Prelude: When you were young,
you dreamed about being a filmmaker.

You wanted to make a movie with a
e utopian vision, and youstarted
designing computer graphics in your
late teens. Virtual reality replaced your
dreams of film. Instead of showing the
world utopia, you would give it to
them. You wanted to take the real
world with you on your odys-

po

pioneer. If only they knew. You want to duplicate every-

thing online: buildings, landscapes, even people. You
want everyone to participate in your
vision of Ascension.

Roleplaying Tips: Everything

relates back to constructing a new

world. You fight the Technoe-

racyand collect Tass for your
|

A pioneering VR
company hired you. The

future virtu alm. Since

job paid well, and repli-

cating the world became your firing, you have no

your life. For enter- respect for corporations.

tainment you You feel uncomfortable

with al relations in

explored a dozen

space, but are unin-
hibited online. Most of
your down-time is spent

electronic services,
and soon piled up
e-mail m

ages,

scouring the Net for vir-

gin territory or questing
for the m

ysterious sili-

about things
you didn't re-
& @ 1

con lady.
Magick: Through
Mind and Correspon-

mentioning G
online.

When the
software was ready, you
demonstrated the VR suit
and environment. The

dence, you probe and

explore rather thanal-
troy. Your
magick is strong in the
Net, but weak in
realspace. Use your powers

ter or desi

president of the company

attended, and all eyes indirectly, with as little violence as

fixed on you. Then the
unexpected happened, |

possible.

Equipment: Camera, com-

something that you puter, virtual reality suit, a
hadn't programmed. A
glowing electronic por-
talshimmered in front of ||

your eyes. Youmoved to-

massive software collection,

a dozen passwords to
\ online services.

ward itand left your body,

58 Virtual Adepts


NA 4gIRIUAL
Mase PTS

Name:

MAGE: The Ascension™

Essence: Dynamic

Concept: Mad Simulator

Player: Nature: Visionary Mentor:
Chronicle: Demeanor: Loner Cabal:
Attributes
Physical Social Menfal
Strength @@000 Charisma @@000 Perception Patterns
Dexterity @@000 = Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence
Stamina @@000 = Appearance e@e@0d§ Wits
Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Drive @0000 Computer. @0000
Athletic: OOOOCO Etiquette OQO000 —  Cosmology__ @@000
Awareness @@000 | Firearms @@@00 = Culture
Brawl OOOOO Leadership. OO0O0O0 - Enigmas
Dodge OO0O00O0 Meditation @@000 Investigation
Expression @0000 Melee 00000 _ Law
Intuition OOOOO - Research @@000 Linguistics
Intimidation OOOOO - Stealth OO0000- Medicine
Streetwise. OOOOO - Survival OO0O00O0 Occult
Subterfuge @0000 Technology VR. @@@@0 = Science

Correspondence __@®OOO
Entropy. OO0000
S _OO000O0

Other Traits
©0000
00000
©0000
©0000
OO0000
O0000

Backgrounds

Avatar @0000
Destiny e@ee00

Spheres
Life OO000
Mind @@000
Matter.

OOO00O0
Arete
@@o0000000
Willpower
@0e0e000000
OOO0000000
Quintessence

o34g

s:7 Freebie

Advantages LETT

Prime @@000
Spirit OO0000
Time

00000

‘Health

Bruised
Hurt
Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled

Incapacitated
Experience

ANvVHHS
oocoooo

Study Points

ints: 15 (7/5/4/2/1)



Appendix I.O:

Neal Stuff

The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep
and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against

tyranny in government.

—Thomas Jefferson

This section contains some hard and soft-
ware for Virtual Adepts. More information,
rotes, Talismans and samples of Adept slang

can be found in the virtual reality sourcebook,
@ Digital Web.

\

Encrypt Thoughts (1 Mind, 1 Life, 2
Prime)
This rote was

created by the Cypherpunks to protect
their brains from prying mages. Cypherpunks value the
sanctity of their information above all else, and take great
pains to ensure that they are not being spied upon. The
mage prepares the program and sets a public "key" for the
encryption he is placing on his thoughts. From that point

on, no person may read his mind without thinking of the
"key" or pa
may allow friends to read his thoughts, but not enemies.

word the mage has set. In this way, the mage

The Cypherpunks will not usually give out their "keys" to
people who are not using this rote already.

[Each success subtracts two successes from any outside

party's attempts to read the Adept's mind, above and
beyond countermagick. The Prime magick disrupts mind-
reading attempts.]

Degrade Order (2 Entropy, 2 Correspondenc:
Time)

This rote was developed by the Chaoticians to re-
search the effects of Chaos on complex

systems, such as the

human body. It works by applying pressure from two direc.

tions—adding more Entropy into the system to be degraded,

Appendix One 61


and accelerating Time to watch the effects. For example, if
this rote were used on a flower, it would appear to wither

and die in about thirty seconds. This compresses a relative
life span of a system into about thirty seconds to a minute.

[Correspondence is used in this rote to keep the field
effect away from the mage. Difficulty modifiers are based
upon the size, complexity and distance to the target. A
flower would be difficulty 5, while a person would have a9
or 10 difficulty.]

Information Glut (Correspondence 2, Mind 3, Time 2)

This rote allows a Virtual Adept to enhance any one
sense of his body. This lets him "turn up the volume" and
hear things he normally couldn't hear, or increase his
ability to comprehend sensory input he receives. While the
Virtual Adepts use the rote to accelerate their computer
comprehension, the Technocracy uses it as a highly spe-
cialized instrument of torture, as it affects the mind rather
than the body. There are many other uses for this rote, from
night vision to tracking people by scent.

[Each success gives the subject a temporary + 1 to his
Perception Ability for a scene. "Hardwiring" with Life 4
can make the effect permanent (see Prelude).]

Holographic Projector (Correspondence 2, Forces 3,
Mind 3, Prime 2)

Through this rote, the Adept can project a hologram

(or icon) of herself wherever she desires. Since holograms
are nothing but patterns of light, the persons perceiving
this hologram must be fooled into thinking there is actually
a person there. Through use of the Mind discipline, the
Adeptalso projects
"audience." This rote rarely fools mages, supernatural be-
ings or detection devices, but four or more succ

mell and sensory data to the hologram's

es might
con them for a turn or two.

[The Prime in this rote fuels the created Forces which
form the hologram. The hologram is an illusion, and
cannot affect or touch other parties in any way, but cannot
be harmed, either. A variant on this rote, using Correspon-
dence 3 and Forces 2, allows the mage to project an icon
using her Avatar and ambient Force energies (Forces 3 and
Prime 2 are still needed to create these energies from
nothing). This icon appears in any roughly human-sized
shape the Adept desires, but the mage, tied as she is to the
icon, will take any damage the icon sustains. This icon may
affect reality, but the mage's real body remains help
her keyboard.]

Computers

enjoy working with human beings and have a stimulating
relationship with them

—Hal, Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Ody
Computers are more than just foci or Talism:

sey 2

ns for

Virtual Adepts — many become Familiars in the most
literal sense (see Book of Shadows: The Mage Players
Guide for the new Familiar Background). Even "regular"

62 Virtual Adepts

e@eceeeeveeveeeeevreeeeee ee @

Icons

Icon creation requires a roll of Intelligence +
Computer, difficulty of 8, with four or more suc-
cesses required, often performed as an extended
action. In the Net, icon creation is a coincidental
effect once the mage's consciousness is inside; the
Holographic Projector rote is necessary to pro-
duce an icon in realspace. A mage can change his
icon's appearance by rolling Manipulation + Com-
puter, difficulty 6. Assumed shapes do not change
traits, although Appearance and Intimidation may
be raised by a number of dots equal to the number
of successes on the Manipulation + Computer
(maximum of 5 in either one).

Within the Digital Web, an icon can be
identified by a pattern code somewhere on its
person. Realspace icons have no such codes, but
may be detected as fakes with a roll of Perception
+ either Awareness, Alertness or Subterfuge, de-
pending on the circumstances. Masquerading as
someone else requires periodic rolls of Manipula-
tion + Subterfuge, with difficulties likewise
depending upon the circumstances.

computers are prized by Adepts. Being Technomancers,
the Virtual Adepts require some kind of technological
focus for their magicks, even into the higher levels of Arete
(5 or even more). The Mage book Digital Web contains
more details on mundane and magical computers.

The Systems

Standard computer equipment is often inadequate for
magick. Such devices are too limited to process magickal
effects and too fragile to withstand the strain of reality-
warping. These limitations add to the time necessary to

work magick, restrict the Spheres used to the first and
second ratings only (the chips cannot comprehend the
logistics of high-level magicks) and shorten the life of the
computer itself. Fortunately, the Adepts take care of their

own. Mentors often help their protégés "upgrade" their

systems

There are usually s thingsa Virtual Adept will do
to upgrade a computer before he uses it. The computer
usually undergoes a rigorous testing (called burn-in), at-

ve

tuning it to the specific Adept using it. The computer is
then magickally enhanced, turning it into a Trinary
computer, a unique focus (Mage, pg. 178-179). Computers
storing Quintessence and capable of their own indepen-
dent magickal effects are considered Talismans.


Gadgets

When many people think of foci for a Virtual Adept,
they think of a standard laptop computer or a keyboard/
CPU/CRT arrangement. This couldn't be further from the
truth. While the center of this arrangement is usually going
to be some kind of computer module, there will always be
a number of alternative input and output devices for
Virtual Adepts to utilize. The following options are much
more portable than the traditional keyboard rig.

PowerGlove:

One of the most obvious replacements for the tradi-
tional keyboard is a PowerGlove, a special glove fitted with
sensors that relay the motion of a hand back to the com-
puter. Mages using Correspondence 2 can work their
computers from a distance with these devices.

Heads-Up Display:

This display consists of a video monitor built into the
side of a pair of mirrorshade glasses. This allows the mage
to watch video output in addition to whatever is in front of
her; she doesn't have to take her eyes off the enemy to see
ifher rote is running on the computer. This, combined with
a PowerGlove, is the choice of many combat mages today.

Musical Instruments:

Musical instruments are also alternative forms of input
for the Virtual Adept (though many Adepts are notoriously
tone deaf). Musical instruments that patch into computers
through MIDI ports are pretty expensive but mages rarely
worry about funds. Through the musical instrument, the
character can "intone" rotes that have magickal properties
and might even form some kind of song...

Voice Recognition and Output:

The field of voice recognition has come a long way,
even if it hasn't progressed to the level depicted in 2001: A
Space Odyssey. A portable computer with a voice recogni-

(on, off and negative on) to represent informa-

siderably.

more processing power and have machines that

are very nearly intelligent. While most computers

are able to handle only "yes" or "no" as concepts,

the computers of the Virtual Adepts can also

accept "maybe" due to their trinary nature. This

allows the computer to use "fuzzy logic" as a
what hunan——

beings use when they think about concepts like
«, » cool, _idamp"-or-"smelly2-Th

tion. In this way, Virtual Adepts get

———"warm,
cepts aren't tough toa human being, but they pose

_____problems _for_a_ computer. Fuzzy logic allows a

computer to grasp these concepts.

tion circuit and voice output makes a powerful weapon.
These devices leave a mage's hands free and can be set to
recognize only the owner's voice. The drawbacks of such a
system include confusion of signals (from other sounds, or
a mimicking mage) and distortion (which could have
deadly results).

Message Pads:

There are "personal digital assistants" out today that
can recognize handwriting and be used to store commands.
This sort of thing would be perfect for a Virtual Adept.
With a built-in fax ora modem, it would even allow limited
access to the Net.

Appendix One


eases ol Sie — tine

wii Shs = ch

Appendix 2.0:
The Elite

The loss of liberty to a generous mind is worse
than death.
— Andrew Hamilton

I wish I had a dime for every time I hear "virtual
reality" nowadays. [remember when VR wasn't
on the lips of every nitwit with a PC. In the age
of "iteractivity
trol their entertainment, but instead of using technology to
enlighten the world, most of them think of new ways to destroy
one another. Mortal Kombat isn't reprehensible, it's typical

Sleepers seem to want to con-

The realization that one needn't be subject to someone
is hitting the mainstream. As soon as Sleepers
s just one huge program and that they can change
it, all hell's gonna break loose

else's desire:

realize that life

Living with the idea that you can destroy a city block with
athoughtisn't easy. Humanity isn' tready for this type of power
So we've got to fight the Mirrorshades. I'll be damned if I live
in Hell V3.0

Cabrini Green, Chicago. Most people who live here end

up trapped between welfare shackles and a neighborhood that
marines couldn't survive. Most mothers would sooner abort a
child than have one, but Andrea Collingsworth had higher
aspirations. She prayed to God that He would watch over her
child. Someone was listening, but he wasn't God.

64 Virtual Adepts

Dr. Bens told Andrea that her child was in danger, that he
would be born mentally deficient and could never live a normal
life. She could, however, help other mothers by participating ina
secret experiment to treat such disabilities. Andrea was paid fifty
thousand dollars to participate. She didn't argue.

Dr. Bens had never seen an unborn child whose Avatar
had already Awakened. The Progenitor planned to discover
how such a miracle was possible. For eight months, Andrea
underwent a battery of test:
Desmond Collingsworth. Dead mothers tell no tale:

. She didn't survive the birth of

Dante grew up in a middle-class family he thought washis
own, under constantsurveillance by the Progenitors. Itwasno
surprise that he finished high school at the age of eight, or that
he graduated at the top of his class at Harvard, or that he

completed medical school in five years. It was a surprise when
the Virtual Adepts ran off with him.

They called themselves the Lab Rats — each one Pro-

genitor born and bred. The Lab Rats taught Dante the ways of

magick and the truth behind his birth. He left the group soon
afterward; simple revenge wasn't his style. Now he strikes at
the Technocracy onadeeper level, stealing theirammunition
— children. Rescuing those earmarked for the Technocracy
has become Dante's calling. Most he gives over into the care
of Tradition allies. Some few he teaches himself,

Perhaps the most well-known Tradition Master, Dante
always has at least two students. Studying under Dante is
considered extremely elite.


Demonseed Elite

You plant a Demon Seed

You reach a Flower of Fire,

See those burning crosses,

See the flames, higher and higher.

— U2, "Bullet the Blue Sky"

So here Iam... 3 am, kitchen. Sitting at counter, pouring
some cereal, making a mess with the milk. Never let it be said
that I skimp on nutrition, including the full day's supply of
Vitamin K I get with my Alpha Bits. Just ask any other elite
types and they'll tell you too... Vitamin K is the way tostart out
a totally elite day.

I've gotta keep my k-ness up ‘cause I don't want any shit
coming down on me from DemonSeed Elite. If you still don't

know the deal with DemonSeed Elite, then listen up. People
don't like to talk about him/it much, ‘cause it's such a heavy
subject... like a giant cow hanging over your head, ready to
drop at any slip up you make. Or in this case, a monster truck,

Rumoris, back in the late 1970s-early'80s, DSE wasa user
who achieved Maximum K-rad Eliteness, at which point his
soul merged with the global telecom network. DemonSeed
Elite was no longer just a person, but an entity residing in the
cables and satellite links of the network. He is AT&T, he is
Internet, he is SouthWestern Bell, your phone, the spy
satellites which orbit above our heads. He knows when you've
been sleeping and he knows when you're awake. And he takes
any sign of lameness on his networks as a personal insult. To
speak his real name is to die. Lamers and rOdents all face his
wrath. Noone hasseen him dealing outhis vengeance, or been
alive afterwards to tell about it, but it will come. Believe that.


All we can do is make assumptions from the wretched
remains. A thirteen-year-old with his intestines ripped out;
fiberoptic cables twisted tightly around the pulp of what was
once his frontal lobe. The young geek's forehead was branded
-lame," the wordsstill

ing in his freshly seared flesh when
he was found bleeding to death on the floorofhis bedroom. His
monitorstill glowed with the an ominous "CU L8R!" left over
from signing off the friend he had been chatting with over the
modem. His pal suffered a similar fate

‘al manifestation, is said to
prefer travelling in a giant orange monster truck with tires 30
feet high and 30 feet wide. The accuracy of these monster

DemonSeed Elite, in a phy

truck descriptions may leave something to be desired since the
witnesses were pissing their pants at the time of observance.

though the monster truck theory is consistent with some

reports of death. On several occasions, groups of dents were
found squashed flat in the middle ofa parking lot or open field.
The only clue to the cause of their sudden flatness was giant
tread marks all over their bodies. It'sas ifa large truck fell from

the sky and crushed them into a 2-D state, then disappeared!

Now you can believe this, take heed, and watch out for
yourself, or not. Hey, it's your life. But as for me, I'm gonna get
on with eating my Alpha Bits. I'm no fool. No siree.

Cathrine Blass/X-Cel

Is this going to involve raw human ecstasy?
Zippy the Pinhead

TO: MISSION TEAM 46701

FROM: AMALGAM PRIME #42

SUBJECT: CATHERINE BLASS, AKA X-CEL

It has come to our attention that the controversial
entertainerknownas Catherine Blass (see N.W.O. file#46539
M6) is, in fact, the Virtual Adept terrorist known as X-Cel.

Blass (hereafter referred to as "the subject") is to be pursued
and detained for interrogation and re-education as soon as
possible

The subject first achieved some fame among countercul-
ture elements of the Masses some five years ago when her
performance-art show "Rage on a Meathook" was banned in
Washington D.C. for obscenity, sexual solicitation and slan-
der. Operatives observing the show noted the subject's
inventive use of technology at that time; in one portion the
subject's body was wired for sound, then flogged by an audi-
ence volunteer. Another segment had the subject

demonstratinga four-octave singing range by shattering glasses
ona video monitor. Several spectacular effects (see file noted
above for details), attributed at the time as technological
gimmicks, are now clearly the work of coincidental magick.

The Adept called X-Cel (name derived from a Mayan
moon goddess; see N.W.O. file #45698 A-12) has achieved
some notoriety among users of the Net (General file #X1590
/6) for her merciful acts and information-brokering tactics.
Void Engineer amalgam #52 reported being rescued by a virii
storm by X-Cel, who then healed one Engineer's mental

injuries using what was assumed to be Mind/Life treatments.
Iteration X Operative #23 reports that X-Cel has compro-

66 Virtual Adepts

ns. At neither time

mised his cover on three separate

did X-Cel demonstrate the hostility or violence associated
with the Traditions.

Subject Blass is a European/Hispanic female, 31 years old,
5'6" tall, weighing 134 Ibs. See enclosed visuals and file
#46539 M-6 for detail
sive tendencies, sexual deviance and antisocial attitudes.
Subject X-Cel appears asa radiant nun in traditional Mexican

- Psychological profile indicates aggres-

garb and speaks with a softly accented voice. As the enclosed
visuals show, she bears little resemblance to subject Blass.

Blass/X-Cel is to be considered dangerous but useful. Psycho-
logical profile indicates either multiple-personality disorder or an
unhealthy degree of imagination. Approach with care; Report to
Regional Headquarters C when successful.

Too Late, Casezos DE MierDa! I'M ALREADY GONE! —
X-CEL

5 ira


Name: Essence: Concept:

Player: Nature: Mentor:

Chronicle: Demeanor: Cabal:

Attributes
Physical Social Mental

Strength @0000 Charisma @0000 Perception @0000

Dexterity @0000- Manipulation____®OO000 Intelligence @0000

Stamina —@0000 Appearance____—~@®OO00O0 Wits @0000

Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges

Alertness, OOOCOCO Drive OO000O0 — Computer. 00000

Athletics OOOOO Etiquette OO0000 Cosmology OO0000

Awareness OOO0O0 - Firearms OOO00O Culture 00000

Brawl OO0OOCO Leadership, OOOOO _ Enigmas 00000

Dodge OO0000 Meditation OOO0ON Investigation OO0000

Expression. OO0000- Melee OOO0O00 Law OO0000

Intuition OOOOO - Research OOOOO Linguistics O0000

Intimidation OOOOCO Stealth OO0000_ Medicine 00000

Streetwise. OOO0OCO - Survival OO0000 Occult OO0000

Subterfuge OOOOCO Technology OOOOO Science 00000
Advantages a]

Spheres

Correspondence __@OOOO Life OOO0OO Prime 00000

Entropy. OO0000- Mind OOOOO Spirit 00000

Forces OOO0O00 Matter. OO0O0O00 Time 00000

Backgrou

Attributes:

; Other Traits

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

nds

00000
00000
OO00O0
00000
00000
00000
5/3. Abilii

MABIRTIUALF
a bePts

MAGE: The Ascension™

rete
O0O00000000

Willpower
O0O00000000
OQOOOOO00O000

Quintessence
aQ,
° g
° v7
a 3)
a [a
qo Oo
ie) (Ss)
© &
Sone
Paradox

: 13/9/5

Health
Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled

Incapacitated
Experience

ALKwH ed
OUOCULOULD

Study Points

5 (7/5/4/2/1)


\4g| RITUAL
NG PD

MAGE: The Ascension™

== Merits & Flaws=
Type Cost Flaw

Type

Bonus

Preferred Effects

- Talismans ===

Name Arete Quintessence

Appeareance

pea nh a at

Brawling Table

Maneuver Accuracy

Punch 6

Damage
Strength
Grapple 6
Kick 7
Bodyslam 7

Strength + |

Special; sO


MAIRTUAL
BEETS

MAGE: The Ascension™
Eee Expanded Background :

Contacts, Sleeper Contacts, Awakened

Influence, Sleeper Allies, Awakened

rar

sit fee

Resources Mentor

Familiar Chantry

Pie anna

Acolytes Node(s)

hi Gear (Carried) Equipment (Owned)

Computer Gear


ZIRTUAL!
MaQDEPTS"

MAGE: The Ascension™
=Historys=

Awakening

Goals / Destiny

Seekings Quiets

Age.
Apparent Age.
Date of Birth.
Age of Awakening

Hair

Eyes.

Race.

Nationality

Height

Weight

Sex

Appearance / Nature of Avatar

Cabal Chart al Aarne ter Sketc h


Commentary: Though known
not to be a very smart
warrior, Nord succe

Team: Blanco Lobo

Height: 4'0"

Weight: 159 x 2 lack of intelli

Weapons: two = \ known to h

nis ablities, a:
pp ; 2 . , achieved the pinnacle of
Damper (killed by / dwarven strength through his
Gangrene) arduous training program,
but Nord felt it was time for
younger warriors to take o'
the Pit. He had sugges
that he might return, but

then i

Fro: e

Blood Challenge ~ that two retiring warriors

Nord responded by faced one another and the
fight resulted in the death of

g ote os Gangrene, the opponent
shatter like ice! Nord respected most.

Blood Pit is the Play-by-Electronic-Mail game of gladitorial combat. Each turn you
manage five warriors who enter into individual or team fights against the warriors of other
managers. You choose strategies for your warriors and direct their training program so
they'll get better and avoid permanent injuries.

To enter the Blood Pit just send $10 to White Wolf Connect. We'll send you everything
you need to get started, including a rulehook and computer disk. This price also covers ten

ree turns by electronic mail (a value of $10). Turns thereafter are only $1. That pays for
all five warriors on your team. All you need is an IBM compatible computer, a modem

and a fighting spirit.
pepe. CES
ATE IND. BLYD.
Fe pero (AL HO


—

Ge. Its) just.a. Game. Its jus
bi, 09 just a Game. Its jaa

48 just s g E

+3 fit 5 | S;just.a.Game,. Its, just.a. Game.
on g Its just a Ga Its just a Game,
MOG 1 Just.a-Game,. Its: just.a.Game,. Its: just.a.Game,. Its jus

a

a just a va ieee a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its jus@
' Its a 0+: Its: just.a Game « Its, just.a.Game. Its: just.a Game.
Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a G 5 Its just a Game iy
just.a Game. Its; just,a.Game.. Its: just,a-Game.. Its: just.a.Game.. Its jus
just a G Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its jug
its; just.a.Game. Its; just.a.Game.« Its: just.a.Game. Its,just.a. Game.
a ° .
Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a G Its just a Ga:

Just.a.Game.. Its: just.a.Game.. Its; just.a.Game.. Its.just.a.Game.. Its jus

sdust a Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its jllgy
Its; just.a.Game.« Its; just.a.Game.« Its; just.a.Game.. Its,just.a. Game,
Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Gamey

|

Just.a.Game.. Its; just.a.Game.. Its: just.a.Game.. Its just.a-Game.. Its jus

, Just a' Game. Its just a Game. Te just a Game. Its just a Game. Its jup

Its, just:.a.Game. Its, just:.a.Game. Its, just:.a. Game. Its; juste. Game,

yeits just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Game. Its just a Games

jJust,a.Game,. I just,a.Game,. Its jus

Samer LOu've been warned

Its, just,.a.Game. Its, just.a.Game. Its; just:.a. Game. Its; just:.a. Game,

pe ho just.a home iat of ul & ™m a

Its, just.a.Game,

ust a Game. Its Jug

Pe En Wen me. Its just a Game. Its jus

i}!
. Its. just..a.Game. Its, just:.a. Game,

Its, just.a. Game.

ES Just a Gane. ‘Sorts.
Ped tn SA8S Gane.

ivewrengane-.< Ths

5 neGames- Tig, just a Gate,
"St o cae. panes. tie a ast t

Mt


Information Wants To Be.

This is the-battle of the Virtual Adepts, who J
soing beyond the barriers to build ‘a reality of theifown. Who are't
schistié. Techhomancers, and ‘what are they ¢ behind:our backs?

The Virtual Adep'
detailing'the history, « character, world
cyberhacker wizards of Mage.

~The Virtual ae * Tradition Book ‘includes:

AISBN. 15050451143
Wwiw.4060 iil

IOe%
