# File: Void Engineers.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

TECHBHNOCRACY:

r—

A Sourcebook
for Mage: The Ascension™

iene

Y

The Sirens Speak of Mysteries
By Judith A. McLaughlin and Edward R. Winters, with Phil Brucato


NO Ail

Y
N

WA

Credits

Written by: Judith A. McLaughlin and Edward R. Winters,
with Phil Brucato

Additional Material and Inspiration: Keith Cruz, Heather
Gardener, Joe Grau, Judy Hansen, Stewart Kessler, Greg
Maitland, Libbie Miller, Phil Uhl, and William Wilkerson
Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Beth Fischi

Vice President in charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen Miles and Lawrence Snelly
Border Design: Kathleen Ryan

Interior Art by: Leif Jones

Front Cover Art: Keven Murphy

Front Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Back Cover Art: Dan Smith

Back Cover Design: Robby Poore and Aileen E. Miles
Layout and Typesetting: Kate McCaskill

780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF
CAME STUDIO

© 1996 by White Wolf. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Mage: The Ascension and Technocracy:
Void Engineers are trademarks of White Wolf Game
Studio. All names, titles, characters and text herein
are copyrights of White Wolf unless otherwise noted.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader
discretion is advised. Printed in Canada

Technocracy: Void Engineers

Special Thanks To:

Ken "Tempestuous" Cliffe, for learning to fight on
beyond death.

Bill "Ronin" Bridges, for turning Glass Walker on us.

lan "Filed Away" Lemke, for finding new ways to
catch up on his sleep.

Jennifer "Trio Nocturnal" Hartshorn, for dragging
lan and Ethan into the Dark Ages with her.

Cynthia "Death Warmed Over" Summers, for turning
heads and breaking hearts on Halloween.

Ethan "Dark Dungeons" Skemp, for experiencing
Dark Ages torture firsthand.

Steve "Let the Wookee Win" Wieck, for becoming
the God-King of Diplomacy

Richard "Ribbit" Dansky, for staying away from the
lilly pad.

M "Short Hand Luke" ReH, for his conservation
efforts.

Rob "Banana Slug" Hatch, for leaving a glistening
trail through Nocturnia and turning stomachs with Tzimisce

Kathy "Dropjaw" Ryan, for the look she gave Phil's
inheritance proposal.

Josh "Blackout" Timbrook; give him a girlfriend and
look what happens!

Authors' Dedications:

From Judy: Honorable mention and heartfelt thanks
to Carey Herz and Laurel Oien. Many thanks also go to Dr.
David Smith and Dr. Harry Shipman of the University of
Delaware for their marvelous experimental cla
restrial Life."

, "Extrater-

Cara Chichi, for being one of my dearest friends,
sometimes when neither of us realized it.

Bea Cope, for encouraging me to read and write and

, for guiding me to horizons I'd thought far
beyond my
My parents, Jack and Doris McLaughlin, for supporting
me even when they didn't approve.
Ehrik, for being himself.
From Ehrik:
My Sister, Tammy Payne, for having the courage to
change and be who she really is.

My Brother, Keith (KC) Cruz, just for being himself and
letting me be me.

Joe Grau, for backing me up no matter when or where
or how

Phil Uhl, for having the courage to "Awaken" and see
the world through different eyes.

Judy, just because I love her.

etc

(al

&|
Te
ro
i
hd
Fd
Lr

c\\

S

ss


= JS Se - '

J

: STAGE 1:

TALES FROM
THE GREAT DEEP

THE GREAT WAY HAS
NO GATE; THERE ARE A
THOUSAND PATHS TO IT.
IF YOU PASS THROUGH THE
BARRIER YOU WALK THE

UNIVERSE ALONE.
— Wu-MEN, THE

\

ENLIGHTENED HEART



Chapter One:
Hluminating

Dark Corners

From our home on earth, we look out into the distances and strive to
imagine the sort of world into which we are born. Today we have reached
far out into space. Our immediate neighborhood we know intimately. But

with increasing distance our knowledge fades

until at the last dim horizon

we search among ghostly errors of observations for landmarks that are
scarcely more substantial. The search will continue. The urge is older than
history. It is not satisfied and it will not be suppressed.

— Edwin Hubble, from his last scientific paper

and that is how King Oberon and Queen
Titania led the fae people 4

ay from Earth

into the eternal Summerlands."

Natha grinned and bowed at the group
gathered around her, then did a backward flip
in the pool of water. Her pale skin glowed in
the firelight when she bobbed to the surface
Gray Wolf and Lars applauded. The mime,
whom they had finally dubbed Cyclone (from

the spiral hurricane symbol on her chest and many long
minutes of charades), applauded silently. Only the morose
figure in the tight-fitting jumpsuit remained motionless,
staring grimly into the firelight

"Hey, Spandex, it's your turn for a story," Lars called.
He aimlessly poked adry stick into the fire and cackled evilly

when it caught ablaze.
When the bedraggled woman failed to respond, Cyclone

moved over to her and did the "glass wall" standard of all

mimes, ending up peering at her through a mimed window.
Natha half-beached herself on the shore of her pool and
looked hopeful. "Tell me a story," she wheedled
"Do honor us," Gray Wolf added, shifting his position
slightly and rearranging his loincloth toa more comfortable
position. The feathers and beads woven into his long hair
rattled a bit with the movement.

Chapter One: Illuminating Dark Corners


NO Ail

WZ ON

Annoyance crossed the visitor's haggard face as she
looked around at them, particularly when she regarded the
bug-eyed, grinning mime. "You want a story?" she said in a
hoarse, cracked voice. "From me? Sure, I have a story for you."

She drew herself to her feet. The charged ionic fabric of
her suit repelled the dirt and leaves of the woodland camp-
site that would otherwise have soiled it. She was of a little
less than average height, with a thick, sturdy build and light
brown hair, cropped short. Aerodynamic glasses screened
her eyes, and she wore a black jacket over a gray jumpsuit,
with seven tiny stars embroidered in an odd pattern on the
lapel. She reached into one of the jacket pockets and
brought out a small foil-wrapped bar and a pack.

Natha leaned up on her elbows, suddenly more alert. Lars'
eyes were quickly and inevitably drawn to her exposed figure.

"Ts that chocolate?" the water sprite asked.

The wan traveler looked over at her, about to take a bite
from the chocolate bar, then sighed and threw it to Natha. The
sprite squealed in delight as she caught it, then settled back into
the water, munching contentedly. "There's only one thing |
love more than chocolate," she confided to Gray Wolf, "and

Wandering

that's men." Natha's long eyelashes fluttered flirtatiously at the
stern Native American. He cleared his throat and hurriedly
tured his attention back to the newest storyteller.

The stranger looked directly at Gray Wolf. "Yeah, |
have a story for you. I bet you'll just love it."

A look of momentary confusion passed across his face
before it resumed its customarily
tinue, friend," he replied.

"What's your name?" Lars asked. "Though I'm gonna
call you Spandex. You don't mind, do you? ‘Cause I'm gonna
anyway."

peaceful mien. "Pray con-

"Gardener. The rest of you can call me Gardener." She
downed the liquid contents of the pack remaining in her
hand, grimacing at the taste and shuddering a little, then
littered the ground with the used pack. "A story. A story
about adventure and romance and all that crap. Right?"

The group nodded.

She regarded them evenly, one by one. Behind her
glasses, Gardener's eyes revealed nothing. "Well then," she
said at last, "let me start at the beginning of time, with one
of the most adventurous stories you'll ever hear..."

the Wastes

Those who would repeat the past must control the
teaching of history.
— Bene Gesserit Coda, Dune

"For as long as humans have walked the
Earth, they've been driven to explore their
surroundings. People have got to know just what
exactly lies over the next hill. Because the
unknown terrifies humans ata basic, instinctual
level, they're always struggling to expand their
horizons, pushing the frontiers of the known, beating back
ignorant fear and becoming the reasoning beings they are now.

"This craving to discover the dimensions of the uni-
verse is the fire that drove the earliest Seekers of the Void
beyond the worlds they knew. Other Conventions claim to
have early origins; each one claims to be older than any
other. The Progenitors say they started with the first healers
and farmers. Iteration X claims to be the oldest, beginning
with the first tool creators. Nevertheless, the Void Engi-
neers were the first. We were born in the initial glimmers of
the emerging primates' self-a

wareness, when our apelike
ancestors first looked to the big, broad river and longed to
know where the waters went; when they first realized that
there were stars in the sky and asked the question, "I wonder
what those are?" That was when we were born.

"The earliest explorers were the Cro-Magnons, or missing
links or whatever you want to call them, who emerged from the
tiny African valley of their birth, probably when it became too

Technocracy: Void Engineers

crowded. ‘The children of Mitochondrial Eve,' some Progeni-
tors would say. They spread north and south and east and west,
being fruitful and multiplying. More often than not, they stayed
wherever they found comfort. Be sure there were always scouts
moving ahead, though, riskingeverything to carry their discov-
eries to the families they protected, to better the survival of the
whole. Checking out the land ahead and coming back to say,
Food this way,' or, ‘Man get eaten that way."

"Eating? Men?Ooh, they're better than chocolate!" Natha
said, licking the remains of the candy bar from her fingers

Gardener scowled at the interruption, sighed heavily
and continued with her story.

Civilization

"In any case, the scouts learned the land, finding the
pitfalls and delving into places never before seen by man or
woman. The highest mountains and deepest caves were just
challenges to be met. Once those were conquered, the scouts
would move on. Discovery became a consuming passion for
some of these explorers; they wandered farther than any others,
took bigger risks. They lived for the thrill of the find and to tell
fantastic tales of places they'd been and things they'd seen.
Getting home, of course, could be a problem if you didn't know
where you were going, so these early explorers leamed to
navigate. | guess they were the first to look at the sky and figure
that ‘The sun always rises there and sets there,' or ‘That star's
always in the sky and the other stars always move around it.'


"When humans started settling, the primitive explorers
traveled the lands of their birth and then moved beyond
them. As cultures and civilization grew, some explorers
pushed beyond the known frontiers. In the name of their
peoples, some looked skyward to the stars that had taught
them so much before. Others, caring little for the cultures
and lands they knew, moved over the land in search of new
and different things, going for months without company and
yet always craving the thrill of the unknown

"These Seekers, as we call them, made themselves out-
casts — their longing for the answers to mysteries overshadowed
their enjoyment of the meager comforts of home. Civilizations
monotony, with its days of drudgery and nights of restless
slumber, sent them fleeing deeper and farther into the wilderness
untileven the vaguest hints of civilization were lost behind them

Freedom became the order of the day. Freedom and survi
After all, their people still counted on them.

"As they wandered, the explorers grew progressively less
like their mundane fellows. The creatures they met — ghosts,
faeries, animals who tured into people — taught them of their
own strangeness and how to use that strangeness to their
benefit. They discovered that surviving is easier when one
learns to change the rules of reality, even if those lessons
establish whole new sets of problems. Out alone, far from the
Masses, the instinct for survival fueled the Seekers' first primi-
tive tecknologies. New weapons, new types of traps,

modifications in the designs of their shelters: these were their
tools, their arts, their survival

"What you would call ‘magick,
pointedly at Gray Wolf

she said, looking

Each of us perceives magick and reality in his own
way," he replied sagely.

Natha gestured impatiently. "Can we go back to the eating

part?" she complained, and Lars nodded in agreement, "Yeah,
I'm hungry!" Cyclone merely licked her lips and rubbed her
stomach, a big grin on her face, nodding enthusiastically.

"T'll see what I can find," Gray Wolf said to the group,
rising smoothly to his feet and moving into the woods
without a sound

"Okay, Spandex, where were you?"

Gardener watched the mage depart, then returned to
her tale.

Entering the Mythic Age

"Meanwhile, back in the cities, those who studied the stars
created their own arts — developing mathematics, designing
calendars, building structures to tell the days of the year by the
sun'sposition in thesky. The early Celestial Masters plotted the
mov

ments of the stars and planets and told fortunes for the

kings from the patterns that they saw. Astrologers, astrono-
ack then.

mers, wizards — it was pretty much all the same

Chapter One: Illuminating Dark Comers


Supyeads 194 pawnsar sajoaen atp se inoge parades owmu
aYL ‘ulede Suipues ‘parounw souaprey Ys" ITY,
440 dU ]]92

asta], ‘IUeIUAda payxoo] aatads ay J ,,"AuIOs seas | PIES ],,

4/2UO 40} as]2 FUOAWOS ¥se 02 BABY ISAT ]],NOA "]]2/\,,
.Asois poos & ayy] | asne29q
aray asnf wy, ‘payjdar eyeN, ‘9494 yonas 10U Wy,
.{¥OZ1I0Y ayp ased sayy yey
INO PUY 02 papaau 1,UpeY aM JT MOU aay YOMaS aq aM PjNOA
{puryaq mauy am SurysAsaaa aavay pue saoejd uappry Joy
OO] 1,UPIp am Jr a1ay aq UaAa sn jo Kup pynoy ‘sn ay] asnf
Jam SIaI9PPUEM IY] {UONIUUO aYp das NOA 2,U0q,,
«d3,Uazam ajdoad azaymAzaaa quam pure sWOY Yay OYM sin aUIOs
mnoqe sn anya] AYA\,, ‘payday sxeq ,jSurepAue sn jaa Ay,
«240 NOA |J99 [],] IYBU
ITV» ‘ples ays ‘A]peury "wey pue sasse]3 pau ssasapuem aya
sso13e paduEp SIaquia SWIOGUTY "JoUapseD O21 Suruaasty J se
sea Jay 01 puvy Jay ‘Burea]d ayy ssozse pap] auoP2AD,
‘parjdas sajaaen aya
.sayase> pure sSury Aarey ION {21 St ‘OnUeUIO' A19A ION,
«'Atoas anod
>>] ,upIp | Auzos wy, "sey ae pasadsiym etpeny

*A10S,,
lainb Ayu UNOS pey Suusea|d ayp ‘alyuog ayp Jo apjDe3>
Aap atp Woy apisy "Suruayeap sem aouayis Surynsay yp

pouaysep sasse]s 19y

pue smopeys ay yatm papjaw ains Aes say Yysq] aya Woy

sigauidug pio, :AseJ20uy2 |

Ol

yPeq paaows ays sy ‘siayIO ay? Woy AeME sJasiay SuNe—as

pue suze s0y Surpjoy ‘payday saBuens ay ,‘woy sues
] 29m MoUy 02 paquEM OY saUO dy a1,NO4 "EM OG,
paduinu sie, ‘sinoy ayer []aey,,

«{J@qunY aup 40) ApaINb yeas asnf aa pynoys 40, "ur ayorq

sauapied ,'siyp seay 02 IUEM NOS piC],, ‘oANaso8 zaFUY raph
e yi parjday sreq "‘Burysnys-sa3uy e pautur su0p249

"payyns eyreny

pawn sie ,‘paseiq epury sey],

.ranag sea Arors Au UTA J,

weg ,sta10}dxa ayp UO aINg asaM suEIsIUA|Og
pur aston atp za2e] pue suerorusoyg "eAepy ay 94H] sauny]NZ
SuOya 4141 UO UI payseD sapin3 pue sinoss Suspuem
ayp ‘sasnaxy yueYiau aureD9q suBARreD pue SuIddrys sy
"pUuryag ya] Uaxyo Aayp sarfrurey ap paryauiag dn pauado Aaxp
sagnod ape aya "paypayp UBL) SS9] B19M SIaJ9PURM BWOS INS
Wy YSnouy "syxsu S194;

aya woy iyoid Apa e pawing
q Aaya sy "pasa
-aoosip Aayp saoejd ay ut spjin3 Suruuoy usaa saumouos

410) snounguaape ssa] s9yR0 ‘syed au paz

‘sJqJpueM papulw-ay!] SuNIIW ‘QUOTE SuT]aAey pue Surat,
‘sUUaY pue sInods auIRIaAq s19yY99g 9Y) pue dUEId ayp
jo 998 atp ssouse papuedxa puv mous suonendod ayy,

v1] se uy STAY O1 AyTead WAN 01 pouzeD| sIBYAG ‘as19ATUN
dup JO salizoud S1seq aup ‘pur ayp ‘s1usUIayA

atp parpnas pury
A1IYp JO AUIOG "sIaIDas s,aYOUR MOUY 01 Bury pood e shemye
Sa] "[yasn sem SuryrAsoaa pur ‘ype saye ‘axo] sem ao] ‘s9uo
pouaiysiug Joyo YAM UOMeULOFU! pasueyoxa AuEy


place, a puzzling twitch at the corners of her mouth signalling
resignation or...amusement? With a sigh, she began again.

"While the starwatchers and scouts helped civilizations
prosper, those who perfected their control over destiny
came together into factions, making others live by their
tules. So-called ‘magi' set up shop all over the world,
sometimes helping people, usually enslaving them. The
Celestial Masters advised the kings to beware the sorcerers
around them, but rulers love power more than reason. Thus,
court warlocks and high priests pulled the real strings behind
the thrones, merely encouraging the explorers to move even
further away from home into the fringes, where the things
they saw disturbed them — dangerous, alien things..."

"Things like us," Lars whispered, feeding another stick
into the fire.

"They learned from those experiences, the explorers did.
Some learned about the worlds outside the everyday routine
and about the manifestations that live there. Others learned
how to enter diverse realms and brought back souvenirs and
secrets, if they came back at all. Still others, discovering that
it was dangerous outside the firelight, learned how to defend
themselves and others.

"Have you ever heard of Jason and the Argonauts, or the
voyages of Odysseus? The horrors they encountered were pale
reflections of the things those early Seekers found. When
they told the tales, the common folk called what they met
monsters and gods. And just as the heroes of myth triumphed
over the monsters, so my people, the Seekers of the Void,
fought the monsters to a standstill."

Lars chuckled, but s

"Reason was our weapon, even then. Common sense and
wisdom combined with Enlightened know-how. The Celestial
Masters and chroniclers would have taught the common
people how to save themselves, but only a handful ever
listened. People just weren't ready for Reason, then, | guess.
They preferred their hundred-handed giants and gods in burn-
ingshrubbery. When Aristarchus proposed that celestial bodies
did not revolve around the Earth, religious leaders attacked
him, forcing him to flee for his life. Scientific enlightenment
means nothing to the ignorant — then or now.

id nothing.

"The Greeks, the Romans, the Egyptians, the Chinese,
the Maya, the Inca... the great civilizations of history. Every
one of them had the chance to move forward, yet religious
or political drivel held each of them back. So-called mages
claim that life was so much better in the good old days, but
you only have to look at the horrible things these people
lived through to realize that Enlightenment and pure tech-
nology are the only way to go. To hell with politics — it's
always been the explorers and scientists who have made the
world better, who cured the diseases and civilized the
wilderness and brought the masses even the feeblest hope.

"When the Vikings finally crossed the vast frontier of the
ocean, they found what would become North America. Some

IRV

10,000 years earlier, Asian wanderers had entered the conti-
nent from the opposite shore and spread across the land.
Great societies had sprung up in various areas around the
Americas, where other Celestial Masters had created intri-
cate calendars and recorded their observations. Here you
have the mound-builders, the Maya, the Inca and the

Anasazi — advanced cultures, some of whom vanished with-
outa trace. The things they left behind were too advanced for
simple people to conceive — or at least they seem to be so.

4

ientists and crackpots all over the world have specu-
lated that alien hands and technology guided the construction
of ancient artifacts — impossible structures like Incan pyra-
mids, the great Nazca desert carvings and various stone
structures. Plenty of stories speak of gods descending in fiery
carts or balls of light. Of alien gods from the stars."
"Aliens," snorted Lars. "That's rich. So now you're an alien?"
"No," she replied steadily. "I don't believe in aliens."

"I suppose there's no such things as vampires either,
huh?" he asked sarcastically, eyes glowing, the tips of his
fangs peeking over parted lips.

"None that I've ever seen," Gardener replied evenly,
looking directly into Lars' pale face.

"Tt is said," a voice from the darkness startled everyone,
"that other creatures who understood and respected their
need to explore helped the early Seekers of the Void. These
creatures could very well have been from another star, couldn't
they, Gardener?" Gray Wolf stepped silently out of the mists
and lay two dead rabbits in front of the fire, one cleaned and
one not. Lars snatched up the newly-dead corpse, sank his
fangs into the chest, lapping greedily at the blood from the
two puncture wounds.

"Stranger things have happened," the wanderer replied.

"That would explain your Tradition's fascination with
the stars, would it not?"

"Convention," Gardener said, gazing into the fire.

"Pardon?" Gray Wolf looked up from the rabbit.

"Convention, not Tradition. We call them Conventions

The Dawn of Reason

We tend to become like the worst in those we oppose.

— Bene Gesserit Coda, Dune

"In the beginning, there was a meeting of the minds, a
single convention — that's where the name comes from —
held in a big white tower that peasants had liberated from its
former owner, a bird-witch. For decades, the disagreements
between the scientists and philosophers, on the one hand,
and the wizards and high priests, on the other, had resulted in
numerous skirmishes, sometimes escalating into battle. At
the Convention of the White Tower, Reason-minded scien-
tists, guildsmen, Celestial Masters, scouts, physicians —even
simple soldiers —assembled to safeguard the Masses from the
chaos that swirled out of Rome's ashes—"

Chapter One: Illuminating Dark Corners ll

IWZS

NO All

"As if Rome was a center of peace and tranquillity," Lars
sneered.

"At least Rome had structure," Gardener shot back. "It
had stability."

"I thought stability was boring," the vampire countered.

"Stability is essential for survival," the traveler replied
coolly. "Certain people may be fit to live in chaos, but the
Masses never are."

"Js this going to be a lecture?" Natha whined.

"No," soothed Gray Wolf, "it is not. Pray continue,
friend Gardener. I'm intrigued by the view you present."
Without taking his eyes from his rival, he cleaned and
spitted the second rabbit. Gardener glanced down at her
wrist, perhaps checking her watch —not thata watch would
do much good in this space between worlds.

"['m sure you've heard a different version." Gardener's tone
was too even toconstitute mockery. Gray Wolfnodded. Cyclone
madeaquestion mark in the airwith onefinger. "It'salongstory,"
Gardener told her. "Let's say for now that a large group of
people got together and decided to put an end to the chaos...

"The thirteenth century spelled doom for the Tradition
mages. Reason took hold, and the original Technocrats rose
up with it, taking the power out of the hands of the élite and
putting it into the hands of the people. The Technocrats
created the first of what we rather whimsically named
‘tecknology,' beginning with what the Masses understand
best: bigger and better weapons. Across Europe, Asia and
the Middle East, un-Enlightened humanity overthrew the
mages who ruled them, then chased supernatural threats
back into the night. Many unexpected and undesired events
occurred, but it was war, and war gets messy.

"As the ways of Reason took hold, Celestial Masters
discovered modes of strengthening the barriers between alter-
nate worlds and the common one. Simultaneously, as the
wanderers — now officially christened the Seekers of the
Void — forged new paths, they sent their discoveries back to
the White Tower. There, the Celestial Masters studied these
finds and charted future courses. In time, the two groups
learned to work together — one pointing the way, the other
telling the first what they'd found. The material rewards they
brought back paid for handsome villas and new expeditions.

"The Tradition mages, as you can imagine, were not
amused. They claimed that the Seekers' deeds had broken
reality, as if a few voyages could change the whole world—"

"But they did," Gray Wolf interrupted, his eyes focused
on the rabbit grease sizzling in the flames. "Those voyages
changed everything."

"It was time for things to change," replied the traveler.

"Perhaps."

"Is that why it hurts to go back home sometimes?"

Natha regarded Gardener with a naive gaze.

Gardener nodded. "Change hurts. And there was a lot

of pain to go around in those days...

12 Technocracy: Void Engineers

The Age of the Celestial
Masters

"Despite the surge in scientific inquiry, humanity still
desired its religious shackles. Although some early Techno-
crats employed religion as a tool —and who am I to say they
were wrong? — many people who asked too many questions
or supplied too many answers ended up burned alive in town
squares. Right alongside the so-called witches.

"In 1543, Nicolaus Copernicus' treatise on the motion of
the solar system saw publication. In it, he posited that the Sun
and planets did not revolve around the Earth, but rather that
the Earth and planets revolve around the Sun. Religious
thinkers had a fit; the idea flew in the face of their God. Some
people claim that the whole theory changed the structure of
the solar system, that the planets and Sun realigned them-
selves to Copernicus' expectations. Like I said, stranger things
have happened, but personally I'm skeptical. After all,
Nicolaus' ideas didn't catch on for decades to come, and the
people who espoused them —folks like Galileo and Kepler for
instance — weren't popular. At least, not at first.

"In time, however, superstition capitulated to reality.
Because education meant status, mobility and profit, people
wanted to learn. Unable to burn everyone, the high priests
watched their empire crumble under the weight of scientific
truth and human curiosity. New developments and theories
in astronomy rapidly propelled physics and mathematics
forward. Tycho Brahe, Johannes Kepler, Nicholas Baer, Galileo
Galilei, Sir Isaac Newton, Gian Domenico Cassini, Edmond
Halley and William Herschel — these Celestial Masters
turned astrology into astronomy, magick into science
tists became the new gods, and the Masses prospered.

"You certainly tout the party line." Gray Wolf's voice
sounded as dry as the wood in the fire.

"Were the people better off in houses built with straw
and shit?" Gardener asked.

"Perhaps."

The vampire snickered and finished his rabbit. Cyclone
took the bloodless carcass, mimed disgust, then tore into it
hungrily.

"Magick is exclusionary and inexact, restricting power
to a talented few. Reason, on the other hand, is solid,
reliable, teachable. Even the un-Enlightened can benefit
from technology, or tecknology as the case may be, and from
the rewards of scientific inquiry. Anyone can use science —
it doesn't require faith, just knowledge. The Renaissance
and the Age of Exploration proved what people can do with
scientific tools."

"Yes," Gray Wolf remarked quietly, pulling the spitted
rabbit off the fire. "They certainly did." The headless rabbit
clung stiffly to its stake, like so many of the overly inquisitive
before it. "Dinner's ready."


Natha bobbed up and leaned on a rock near the edge of
the pool. "So these Celestial Masters were the people who
made everyone not believe in us?" she asked Gardener,
frowning.

"Right. They were the early mathematicians and physi-
cists, the theorists who quantified the changes in reality that
the Masses wanted."

Natha blinked. "Nonsense. People like to believe in us.
At least, all the fun people do."

Gardener grimaced. "There'll always be throwbacks.
I'm told it's inevitable in the genetic scheme of things." She
jumped back as a stick with steaming meat on it was shoved
under her nose.

"Dinner?" Gray Wolf asked, extending the stick to her.

"No, thanks, I've got my own." She produced another
foil pack, ripped the top off and squeezed the contents down
her throat.

"What was that?" Natha wrinkled her nose in distaste.

"Nutrient pack."

Natha knitted her brows. "How...Banal."

Lars suddenly shrieked with laughter. A tree branch he
had been playing with burst into flame as he held it in the
fire. Red light flickered across his lean, grinning face. The
dry branch burned down to his fingers before he finally
threw it into the fire.

"I thought vampires were terrified of fire," Gray Wolf
observed.

"Why? Because it's one of the few things that can hurt
us? That's stupid. Fire and a lot of other things could hurt me
when I was alive. I didn't panic about it then, why go
ballistic over it now?"

"Instinct, perhaps?" The Native American smiled.

"Instinct has nothing to do with someone who can
think," Lars told him. "Spandex there has been telling us
that for a while now."

"Exactly," Gardener said. "Thought leaves instinct

behind..."

The Age of Exploration

"The early Conventions decided that being unable to
protect the entire world was just as bad as not protecting any
of it. European Seekers set out to ‘discover' the lands the
other wanderers had known for centuries. | won't say there
weren't conflicts. There were. Bad ones. The Spanish ex-
plorers, with their Reconquista, or doctrine of conquest, were
more ruthless than they needed to be. A lot of great secrets
were lost when the conquistadors looted South America.
Still, their horror at the Aztec religion was under-
standable — the high priests were tearing hearts out, for
God's sake!"

Gray Wolf glanced significantly at his cooked rabbit,
but didn't comment

Chapter One: Illuminating Dark Corners

13


NO All

IIS

"Seekers went forth with the expeditions. Some led,
others stayed in camp to advise the more headstrong war-
riors. Such guidance was critical, as native peoples were not
the only beings the Europeans encountered along the way.
Occasionally, the Celestial Masters' wisdom and the Seek-
ers' old survival tricks saved expeditions from ruin, when,
for instance, spirits and mythic beasts unaccustomed to the
smell of human blood emerged slavering from the dense
jungle or from the depths of dark primeval pools.

"As for the native scouts and starwatchers, many of them
traveled across the sea with the explorers to learn about lands
and people they had never seen. None of the explorers — not
the serious ones, anyway — wanted anything to do with the
bloodbaths that sometimes occurred. In all places and all
times, we would rather be exploring than killing people. The
best explorers, those who accomplished the most, have always
been capable of making allies and adapting themselves to the
people, places and things they discovered along the way. The
real damage on these expeditions came from the priests and
soldiers who followed the scouts."

"T've heard that your people were the least destructive
of the Conventions," Gray Wolf commented.

"Why should we destroy anything?" she asked. "What's
the scientific point of destroying that which you discover? If
you buy into quantum mechanics, we create our discoveries
anyway. There's no way of knowing if our discoveries existed
before we found them or not, because no one knew they were
there before. So why destroy that which we brought into
reality? It's kind of like killing your own children."

"Mmmm, children," Lars said dreamily. Everyone looked
overat him. He looked up, indignant. "What?! I'm still hungry!"

The Grand Old Master

To see a World in a Grain of Sand

And a Heaven in a Wild Flower,

Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand

And Etemity in an hour.

— William Blake

"Sometime during this flurry of exploration, a man
quietly appeared amidst the Seekers of the Void. Originally,
it's said, he was an assistant of Lewis and Clark, or Mason
and Dixon, or some similar surveying group. He encoun-
tered an entity that ushered him into the Great Deep and
showed him some of its wonders. Opinion varies on just
what the entity was. At any rate, he began exploring the
Near Universe on his own, surveying it in much the same
way he had surveyed North America, then came back and
assembled an exploration team composed of Seekers. They
spent many frustrating years trying to map the Near Uni-
verse. When he returned, an aging man, he settled into the
role of a Celestial Master. His colleagues, realizing that his

14 Technocracy: Void Engineers

death was imminent, prevailed upon the Progenitors, who
mastered the manipulation of life, to keep him alive.

"In his new position, he dove into mechanics, math-
ematics and physics. He took all of our old knowledge about
the Gauntlet and the Great Deep, all of the mathematics of
Brahe and Kepler and all the other ‘Grand Old Masters,'
everything that physics was up to that point, and declared the
resulting theories ‘Dimensional Science.' His contribution to
our knowledge is incalculable: he redefined our understand-
ing of the Gauntlet's structure and laid down the principles of
quantum science, the creation of quantum spatial and dimen-
sional fields, and the interchange of these fields.

"His real name is lost to the annals of history, but he
fter Tycho Brahe's imaginary
son. I'm told that he's still alive today, leading the Void
Engineers on their path, examining and reexamining every
aspect of tecknology."

took the name ‘Tychoide:

"How nice for you," Gray Wolf remarked.

"Is that how you ended up out here?" Natha inquired.
"With this ‘Quantum Gauntlet Science' stuff?"

"Sort of," Gardener replied, glancing at her wrist again.
"It's another long story..."

Industrial Age

Weare notinterested in the possibilities of defeat; they donotexist.

— Queen Victoria

"The Order of Reason finally fully emerged into the
popular consciousness in the nineteenth century, particu-
larly during the reign of Victoria, who united much of
Europe and supposedly founded the New World Order.
Sherlock Holmes, the rational, reasoning epitome of the
thinking man, became a symbol of the times. The Age of
Exploration was sliding into the Industrial Age, just as the
heyday of the Celestial Masters had slipped into the Age of
Exploration. So the Seekers of the Void and the Celestial
Masters looked at each other, looked up and out at the next
frontiers, and decided to converge into the Convention
known as the Void Engineers.

"The Syndicate and the New World Order ascended to
power, just as we were running out of frontiers. Around this
time the Sons of Ether — I think they were called the
Electrodyne Engineers at the time — decided to jump ship,
since their science didn't mesh with ours. Those who didn't
want to leave the Conventions joined us. The theories our
groups pursued led to the first space explorations—"

"You're telling me that there were spaceships in the
1800s?" Lars snapped. "Bullshit."

"It's true," Gray Wolf assured him. "The Earth was not
ready for their kind yet, but their inventors crossed over the
Threshold to explore the Outer Worlds long before most
people could comprehend space travel."


Gardener nodded: "The first quests into the Great Deep
began before the defection, but the Etherites' rejection of
Reason triggered a space skirmish. Nothing big, you under-
stand — neither side had the resources to wage a full-scale
war outside the Gauntlet — but a fight just the same. We're
just a little bitter about the Sons' defection, and about the
Virtual Adepts, another group who dumped ship more
recently and for the same reason. Imagine that your favorite
brother told you that you're evil personified and to go screw
yourself, that he never wanted to be a part of your family
again. Yeah, that's how we felt. We've always tried to be
civil with our rivalry — we're really the same, after all, even
if the Etherboys have a perverted sense of theatrics — but
there's more than a little anger there.

"Anyw
established leading into the realm of the Deep Universe.

new possibilities opened as gateways were

Eager to explore an entire, heretofore uncharted realm, the
Void Engineers and Etherites designed the first vehicles to
carry people into another frontier. After the defection, our
Convention and their Tradition regularly butted heads. A
fierce competition grew out of that bitter split

"Soon the Void Engineers had established shelters just
beyond the Gauntlet, then pushed the frontier to the so-called
Horizon, the line of demarcation between the Near and Deep

Universe. Originally, the atmosphere of Earth marked the

Horizon, then the frontier stretched to touch the moon's orbit

OOO cves \

ns

"I should mention that the establishment of new fron-
tier boundaries depends heavily upon the education of the
Masses. To that extent, the control and regulation of learn-
collective
understanding of reality. The Horizon extends as far as the
Masses think the limits of technology reach. We've touched
the moon, brought pieces of it back. We want them to
believe things can go further. Things can always go

ing is crucial if we want to expand humanity

further — it's just a matter of regulation and control.

rily
the limits of tecknology. The Conventions were able to

"However, the limits of technology are not nece

construct bases and research labs there, at the Horizon
Realms, where we could —and still do— pursue our studies
without fear of bringing down the Paradox effect—"

"The what?" asked Natha.

"Sshhh," Gray Wolf hissed. "I want to hear this."

The traveler continued: "In our early Universal cruisers,
we explored the solar system. Some of the things we found,
even within our own solar system, boggle the mind. A world
called Autochthonia, a machine world, circles the sun in
Earth's orbit, always maintaining an apogee from Earth itself. In
other words, it's always in the furthest position it can be from

Earth. Several joint teams of Void Engineers and Iteration X
scientists have been exploring its depths for years now..."
"'m lost." Lars spat into the flames. "What in hell are

you talking about? Spaceships? Sons of Ether? Mechanical
~

6
5 ee

a

Chapter One: Illuminating Dark Corners 15

IDWS

oN ee


NO Ail

IIS

worlds?" He advanced on the wanderer. "You, lady, are full
of shit! I'm a vampire, a goddamned immortal, and | have
never heard of this crap and will never fall for it because it's

all in your fucking head!"

Gray Wolf

remarked, watching the confrontation with interest

"How do you explain where you are now

"You callin' me crazy?

"Not at all," the shaman replied. "Only remember that
there area good many thingseven immortals can never grasp."

"Like hell."

Gardener removed the glasses completely. Her eyes
had an odd absinthine shine to them. "You can believe
what you like. It doesn't change the truth. Everything's a
conspiracy, leech. It's all a conspiracy. Your people con-
spire, my people conspire, even the werewolves conspire
Sometimes they bump into each other. Sometimes they
team up. Sometimes they fight. But, eventually, it'll all
come to nothing."

"What do you mean?" Gray Wolf looked up from the
fire sharply

"Ir'll all come to nothing. Trust me."

"Then why are you here?" Natha cried, her voice
trembling dangerously between hurt and fury. "Why did

you come out here? Why are you standing here in my

6

16 Technocracy: Void Engineers

private space telling me it was good that you made people
not believe in us? What are you doing here?"

Gardener met the sprite gaze-for-gaze: "Protecting the
Earth."

"Oh fucking please!" Lars exploded. Even Gray Wolf
finally looked disgusted. "Protecting it from what?"

"From Those Beyond. Let me explain," she added hastily.
"When the explorers went wandering, like | said, they found
things. When the Celestial Masters watched the stars, they
saw things out here. Living things. Ancient things. Hungry
things." Her eyes mirrored conviction. Even the vampire was
silent. "Remember how | said earlier that the scouts and
starwatchers worked for the ultimate good of their people?
Well, for as long as we've watched and traveled, my people
have heard of outside influences. When we went across the
Horizon, our people — Void Engineers and Etherites both —
discovered how real those tales were. The Nephandi have
known about those ‘influences' for centuries if not millennia,
but we never believed in Those Beyond until we saw them
ourselves."

"The demon hordes," Gray Wolf added.

"Calling them demons would be underestimating them.
I don't know what those forces are, but they're not some-

thing the un-Enlightened should ever deal with. Trust me.


x
J)

When we kicked the Nephandi out of orbit back in the

‘40s, we learned a lot about their masters. Call them aliens,

Those Beyond, Ka Luon, Umbrood, Zigg'raugglurr, what-

omething is out there. We've seen them

ever you want. §
I've seen them. That's why I'm here now. And they're not
something the Masses should ever discover — or remem-

ber. So we watch them, we study them, and when things

start intruding on our Earth, we slaughter them. Sooner or
later, the Void Engineers will take the fight to Those
Beyond. We'll see who rules the world then."

aid Lars, "You've been doing some serious

"Spandex," s
drugs."
The Void Engineer did not smile. Slowly, she replaced

y-

her glasses. "Whatever you sa

17

Chapter One: Illuminating Dark Corners


IDE

Chapter Two:

A Society of
Strangers

Yet still between his Darkness and his Brightness
There pass'd a mutual glance of great politeness.
— Lord Byron, The Vision of Judgment

For a long while, only the breeze stirred the
clearing. Then a sudden glob of blood-spittle
arced from Lars' mouth and landed in the
flames. He cackled maniacally as it si

ed and
the others stared.

"Go to hell," Gardener replied.

"Jgnore ourrude companion," saidGray Wolf,
scowling, "Please. I'm curious. Many of my own

friends have told similar stories about the things
beyond the barriers, and I want to know what you've heard."
Did she smile, then? Gray Wolf might have sworn that
the wanderer had briefly smiled. He might have sworn that,
had he seen it.
"You mean you like learning all about your enemies,"
she stated

"Are we enemies? I do not see why we should be.

"Isn't that what we're taught to be?"

Natha asked.

"It's a long story," the wanderer replied.

"Why would you be enemies?"

"J like stories!" The sprite bounced up out of the water
for a moment. Lars couldn't help but look

"I just told you that one," Gardener sighed. "You
know, wanderers and wizards, Celestial Masters and
priests. That one?"

"Oh." Natha looked disappointed. "I forgot."

Cyclone shrugged.

"What's your story, Gardener?" Gray Wolf inquired
"How did you come across the Technocracy? Or did they
come across you!"

"A little of both," Gardener confessed. "I was an acci-
dent. Fortunately, the Void Engineers are a bit less likely
than others to shoot accidents on sight

Chapter Two: A Society of Strangers 19


Icis a task for future investigators to obtain all the
properties of the universe from the laws of funda-
mental quantum-field physics.
— A.D. Dolgov and Yakob B. Zel'dovich, 1981

"For better or worse, the Void Engineers
are the most loosely organized of the Conven-
tions. It raises a lot of questions and causes a
few problems, but on the whole, it works for
us. Most recruits come from universities, where
they're screened for ‘potential skills, potential curiosity and
potential loyalty to Our Cause.' A possible recruit must
demonstrate an affinity for technology, a passion to explore
and a willingness to break down almost any barrier to
discover what's on the other side. As you can imagine, this
sometimes causes discipline problems. The upper ranks
usually encourage cadets —"

Space cadets?" Lars broke in, grinning.

That's the usual joke, yes. Like 1 was saying, they
encourage recruits to stay in line through appeals to their
better nature. You know: ‘This really isn't helping any of us
here. We've got a really important and exciting job to do,
but we have to work together on it.' That sort of thing. If that
doesn't work, we beat their brains in.

"If everything works out, each recruit is tested for
Enlightenment potentia igned a mentorand put through
a basic training curriculum, usually administered at the
Halley Academy, a large Construct in the Cop. Hostile
environment survival, advanced mathematics and physics,
tecknological theory and self-defense constitute the student's
first year."

"The Cop?" Natha asked.

"The Copernicus Research Center, a Deep Universal
Construct in a giant Dyson Sphere, built around a star and
staffed by researchers, trainers and explorers. We figure
anyone who can handle a trip to the Cop without losing his
mind will be a good candidate for membership."

"What about the ones who can't handle it?" Gray
Wolfs eyes glinted with emotion.

"Most of them don't make it that far. Those who do and
can't cope... Well, that's what the DIMH is for."

"The what?"

She ignored him: "A student's second year allows her to
specialize in the field she wants to pursue. For example,
astronomy, Deep Universal entity identification, marine
science or advanced defense and tactics. For two years, the
student lives in the Academy dorms, with occasional trips
back to Earth and numerous field trips to the Realms of her
specialty. Border Corps goon patrol, Neutralizers and Squids
return Earthside, that sort of thing." The others looked lost
but intrigued. "At the end of two years, all students undergo

20

Technocracy: Void Engineers

a week of intensive final examinations. If their scores are
within passing range, their new mentors pick them up from
the Academy and take them to their labs, where their true
tecknological training will progress for anywhere from one
to 10 years. By then, they're either real Engineers or real
dead. Those who fail get one attempt to retake the final
examinations, only the reprise tests are far more difficult
than the first ones. Failing the second exam relegates you to
the rank and file of either the minor technicians or the
marines.

"Recruiters for the Academy are the instructors at the
Academy. They rotate in teams to Earth to do sweeps of
colleges renowned for their technological programs, like
MIT and CalTech, and a random selection of colleges that
are not. Top students are approached with the concept ofan
innovative program that will allow them more freedom to
research than ever before. Not all of our students come to us
tightoffacampuson Earth, though. Most do, but notall. We
get accidental recruits from all walks of life: wanderers,
vagrants, housewives with suppressed wanderlust, bored
executives, inner city or rural people. We even get people
from backward cultures. A person's education or economic
standing has nothing to do with our choice as longs he's got
the desire and intelligence to explore."

"And you were one of the accidents," Lars interrupted.

"Yep. I stumbled onto a research group that had been
cycled in for recruitment. I got hired as one of their ‘office
helpers' and was bright enough to figure out that sc omething
else was going on."

"So they didn't try to kill you?" Gray Wolf inquired.

"Why? I was smart, savvy... | may not have been a
trained physicist, but I am a clinical psychologist with a
military background. The Void Engineers can use anyone,
Enlightened or otherwise. That's part of what makes us so
self-sufficient. We have a little bit of everything.

"Why the Void Engineers, though?" Gray Wolf asked.
"With a psychology background, wouldn't the New World
Order have been more along your line of work?"

"The what?" asked Natha and Lars together.

She stopped in thought again. "You're a Dreamspeaker,
right?" Gray Wolf nodded. "Then you know what it's like to
see things no one else has seen. The excitement, the thrill
of breaking a boundary, the ecstasy of discovery. You know
all this, and you have to ask that question?"

The Native American watched her face carefully.
know, but I didn't know if you did."

"I wouldn't be here if I didn't. This isn't exactly Yosemite
Park."

"Who're these ‘World Orderers?"

Natha inquired.


"A bunch of black-clad blockheads," the wanderer
answered. "The typical Ivory Tower servant wouldn't last
five minutes in an argument with an Investigator, at least
not without calling in some bully-boys and threatening to
wipe out his memory.

"1 thought the New World Order handled investiga-
tions," said Gray Wolf, "That has always been my experience."

Teams and Co-ops

"Different terminology," she replied. "Our scientists are
sometimes called ‘Investigators.' They're the people with a
definite line of research. That's the only true definition
within the Void Engineers — researchers, explorers and
enforcers. Researchers examine new forms of tecknology,

refine the existing ones and compile data on new Realms.

Explorers look for the things we haven't seen before, check
out abnormalities and anomalies in known space and time,
or format VR netting into grid sectors. Enforcers dispose of
threats. There's very little of the intense intra-Convention
competition that's common in some other Conventions,
probably because it's pretty rare to have two groups explor-
ing exactly the same thing. It's a big universe.

"The concept of the head honcho Research Director, so
prevalent in the hierarchical Progenitors, becomes a simple
Coordinator in our Convention. An executive board,
DSEATC, overse
gator has his own laboratory Construct, designed to his

| operations. Normally, each Investi-

specific individual needs. When a group of Investigators
decides to ‘co-op,' or work together, they pick the person
with the best Syndicate ties and appoint her the group
Coordinator. Of course, that's usually the oldest, most
experienced, most respected Investigator, though some
younger scientists rely on their mentor's reputation to get
started

"A Coordinator supposedly controls all the research
and the purse strings of the joint labs. That's bunk. Every
group I've worked with has been more or less democratic —
‘do whatever you want.' If the co-op works well together, so
much the better. Good, productive groups do. Normally,
there's one task on which they must always cooperate, and
that's their only limitation. We're all driven by the same
need to know, that being the force that motivates us. We
don't usually have many problems with our loose organiza-
tional style. For the most part, we argue about theories and
who gets to be first to set foot on such-and-such.

"Co-ops who have to work together for long periods
often become close friends. It's a survival reflex, and good
k together. Deep Exploration Teams,
for instance, who work in the Deep Universe for months at

survivors usually flo

a time, are supposed to survey their sectors and maintain
Sentinel posts in strategic scanning locations around their
assigned region. Any invasion force entering through their
sectors is their responsibility, and they have to assist DETs
in adjoining sectors if any need help.

IN "


NO Ail

"Most co-ops form teams; these usually include explor-
ers, researchers and enforcers to cover all the bases. In
important or risky situations, DSEATC or some other
executive assigns teams to work together. This happens a lot
when a large threat appears on either side of the barriers.
While techs and pathfinders go along, these RRFs, or Rapid
Response Forces, contain a lot of mop-up grunts.

"Lots of DETs have CFs from other Conventions. ‘CF'
officially stands for ‘Cooperative Forces,' or outside allies
from other Conventions. These are usually Iteration X
cyborgs and HIT Marks or Men in Black, with occasional
goodies some Progenitor dreams up. Like | said, this kind of
backup is officially called ‘Cooperative Forces.' We prefer
‘Cannon Fodder' ourselves."

Methodologies

"Co-ops work in all the areas we cover: Deep Universe
exploration and defense, extradimensional cleanup, Net
format sector teams, undersea and underground research
and Earthside stewardship. All of these teams have official
names, nicknames and acronyms. That's for easy refer-
ence — the Void Engineers refer to everything by acronyms.
Nicknames, of course, keep us from getting too serious about
ourselve:

Research & Execution (R&E)

"The Void Engineers wouldn't go anywhere if it weren't
for the R&E section: Research and Execution. Not Research
and Development — Development, DSEATC says, implies a
long-term, heel-dragging sort of creation, like what the Syn-
dicate does. Execution, on the other hand, means that as soon
assomethingis researched, it's put into action. Some wiseasses
call them ‘Q Division.' That's really how R&E operates —fast
and furious, which is kind of scary sometimes. New scanners,
new computer upgrades, new cruisers, it's amazing. The
tecknological advancements they make on a daily basis keep
the non-R&E people scrambling to read the documentation
to avoid becoming obsolete within weeks.

"Don't think that RG&E people are just part of this
enormous think tank that never goes anywhere. Oh, no.
They're right there in the field, watching what's going on
and coming up with new and better ways to do everything.
‘This Sentinel needs a better transmitter. Can we link it in
parallel with the nearby Sentinels to boost the signal, or do
they really have to be in serial, so we have to build a new
one?" ‘This transmitter field needs to be linked from the
Barnard Sentinel to the Cop, but there's a radio source that
could potentially interfere. How do we route around it?'
‘This Gateway buoy is having problems station-keeping
around Baade's Star. How do we counter the long distance
gravitational effects of a neutron star?'

"RG&E only takes the best and the brightest, those most
capable of handling the immense pressures of the job.

22 Technocracy: Void Engineers

Despite the intensive screening process, there are some who
just can't deal with the pressure and burn out, while others
blow themselves up, depending on how careless they get."

Earth Frontier Division (EFD)

"Despite what I've said about space exploration being
our focus, a big part of the Convention remains on Earth.
There're still frontiers on that mudball! Most of these teams
are pretty small and select, and members shuttle between
different specializations — ‘cross-training,' if you will.

"The most obvious theatre is the ocean. It's big. It's
deep. It's dark. It's mysterious. The water has always been
fascinating, constantly moving, shifting, secretive. The
barrier between water and surface is clearly defined, and
penetrating that barrier induces a certain sense of doom that
doesn't exist with space exploration simply because it's so
familiar. You would be surprised how little the Masses affect
reality on the ocean floor and in the deep trenches. In
certain areas, this ‘Deep Ocean,' as we call it, is on par with
the Deep Universe for mystery and sheer alien characteris-
tics. Whole cultures have fallen into the ocean. Creatures
exist who've hidden themselves so deeply and completely
that they think they'll never be found. I guess it's true what
they say: Out of sight, out of mind. But then you should
never underestimate a Void Engineer! If there's a way,
there's a will. Nothing is impossible, just highly improbable,
and there are always possibilities. The Aquatic Exploration
Teams, or ‘Squids' for short, always find and explore every
available possibility.

"These Aquanauts use aquatically modified constructs
from It X and the Progenitors as their security. They're
lovingly called Sharks, though the official term is ‘Geneti-
cally Enhanced Nautical Enforcement Specialist, or GENES.
Who says Technomancers don't have a sense of humor?
Anyway, Sharks deal with the weird things that come out of
the ocean, and keep Greenpeace from torpedoing our ships
or interfering with important analyses.

"In 1929, Admiral Richard E. Byrd flew over the South
Pole and saw a land of lush vegetation, lakes, animals
resembling large buffaloes or mammoths, and humans. He
was narrating as he flew and when he began to relate what
he saw, his radio transmission, which was being aired on
radio stations around the world, was cut off suddenly. He
also wrote a pamphlet about it. | can tell you, the Men in
Black scrambled to cover up that discovery! Similar sightings
have been made in the Arctic, and ever since Byrd's broad-
cast, the Cryoregional Specialist research teams, or
‘Snowdogs,' diligently cover those areas, based out of a state-
of-the-art Construct called the Big Chill.

"The Engineers have also been fascinated with Central
and South America since the days of the conquistadors. Even
now, the rainforests provide endless mysteries, new plants and
animal life and clues to the civilizations that came before —"


"Before the conquests wiped them out?" Gray Wolf offered.

For once, Gardener looked uneasy. Her gaze flickered to
her wrist, then back to the shaman. "Be that as it may. I'm
not making excuses for what happened years ago. Modern
explorers have learned from the old mistakes. In the Ama-
zon, the ‘Weedwhackers,' or Hydrothermal Botanical Mosaic
Analysts, have tried to piece together what previous genera-
tions were too stupid to preserve. As I understand it, they've
encountered a lot of resistance, not all of it human. The last
reports I'd heard indicated that there was some sort of war
going on in there. A serious war.
as. A

35 member team disappeared there recently, and another 14

"T've also heard similar reports from the Himala'

were lost in the Andes. We don't know what's going on, but
Inaccessible High Elevation Exploration Teams, [HEET for
short, have been sent in. In situations like these, a team gets

split evenly between explorers and enforcers with a tech or

two for good measure. Anything unusual gets thorough

documentation, which is sent in turn to laboratories for
Rumor has it that ther

further research. 's some kind of

supernatural war being waged in the Himalayas, too. Last 1
heard, the [HEETs were training a large, specialized security
contingent to move in and end the war, if it exists.

"Most legends over the millennia mention underground

cities, hells and even a hollow earth. Our people are fairly

certain that the stories are just that— stories. All the same, our
Groundhogs, the Subterranean Exploration Corps, send in
teams whenever DSEATC hears rumors of huge cave com-
plexes or underground hideouts filled with reality deviants."

"Reality deviants?" Natha seemed perplexed. "How can

you have sex with reality?"

I think she means us," Gray Wolf smiled, "although
some friends of mine take the idea of making love to reality
quite seriously."

"I'd love to meet them," grinned the sprite.

"Wow, that's a lot of shit going on," Lars commented

"They'll never find everything in the ocean," Natha in-
formed Gardener coyly, sliding backwards into the water, almost
writhing underneath the surface. "There's too much, too hidden.
They'll die before they find it and solve their mysteries."

Gardener returned her gaze impassively. "You're prob-
ably right. It's a shame — there are so many things to see, so
much to explain. We'll all be dead before it's discovered and
brought to light." Her eyes mirrored a distant sadness. She
spent a long silent moment staring into the firelight, then
suddenly threw the nutrient pack she was holding into the
fire and looked to Gray Wolf: "Got any more rabbit?"
He rai

stick he'd offered earlier. "You might want to heat it up some.

ed his eyebrow, but nodded and extended the

Chapter Two: A Society of Strangers


NO Ail

‘Gee, where's the microwave?" she asked, smiling wryly
and thrusting the stick into the fire. The meat sizzled within
seconds, and she yanked it back out. "I'll just eat it as is," she
aid, tearing hungrily into the burnt flesh. Within just a few
minutes, Gardener had stripped the meat off the stick.
Finished, she wiped her greasy fingers onto her uniform

Repelled by the cloth, the grease oozed to the ground. "hate

those fucking nutrient packs anyway. You only live once
y'know."

Gray Wolf's face remained impassive, but for the eye-
brow. "So you say. Though others may disagree."

"Is that all of the story?" Natha asked, looking disap-
pointed.

"Oh, hell no..."

Pan-Dimensional Corps (PDC)

"Space isn't just the final frontier, it's the infinite
frontier. If you believe the ‘time as an unending loop' theory,
it's the first frontier too. We hit the Universe beyond the
Horizon in the mid-nineteenth century, just before Jules
Verne and his ilk started writing stories that caught the
minds of the Masses. The tecknology/technology lag period
is obvious from that beginning timeframe; technology stays
low, tecknology spurs the dreams of science fiction writers
The first of the Masses didn't get to space until almost 100
years later. We reached the other planets in the solar system

Technocracy: Void Engineers

in the te

ns and ‘20s, and used what we'd learned to kick the
Nephandi beyond the Horizon in the ‘40s. We stretched
beyond the solar system in the ‘50s. Would've been sooner,

but Einstein and Kepler were working together to find the

error in the theory of relativity, and Kepler, stubborn old

coot that he is, insisted on doing his calculations by hand
instead of using a ‘newfangled' computer. Of course, the
error he eventually found has never been made public — it's
the error that makes faster-than-light travel possible."

"Wait a minute," Gray Wolf interrupted, "you're saying

that Johannes Kepler, born in the late 1400s, was helping
Albert Einstein in the 1940s?"

ah," Gardener said. "Aren't the Progenitors won-

derful? Newton would've been doing it, but he got knocked
off by a Euthanatos mobster in the ‘20s and did a Jimmy
Hoffa impersonation. Not even the Progenitors can perform
a miracle without some preparation.

"The PDC teams in the Near Universe and solar space
are responsible for setting up and maintaining all the Hori-
zon Realms, strengthening the Gauntlet, and monitoring
Earth satellites, or Sentinels, both mechanically and ana-
lytically. They also make periodic forays to the Moon. We
discovered strange readings over there earlier in the cen-
tury. Thus, we have the Dark Side Moon Base, designed to
monitor radiation levels, life signs and any other anomalies
that might appear. Plenty of them do: trust me.


"Dark Side Base also acts as a monitoring and relay
station, keeping a close eye on the solar system and Deep
Universe Sentinel posts. For all intents and purposes, it's the
central laboratory Construct and the staging point for all
Deep Exploration Teams in the solar system — Solar Space,
as we call it — and we train most Border Corps platoons
there. On a good day, they have plenty to shoot at..."

She looked at Natha and said no more.

"It was a Solar Space team based on the Moon," she
continued at last, "that pulled off the Engineer's biggest
coup — the thing that finally made us entirely worthwhile

in the eyes of Iteration X. We found Autochthonia."

"Autowhat?" Lars asked, but Gray Wolf seemed to
understand.

"It's a huge machine world," said Gardener. "Neat,
ordered, everything carefully mathematical. The announce-
ment of its discovery probably gave Iteration X the only
orgasm they'll ever have. Their great computer X lies at the
center, dispensing orders from its statistical authority. 1
always wondered why they think this thing is so infallible.
Corruption from without can take many forms, and so can
corruption from within. ‘I did it because a computer told me
to.' Does anyone else see a problem with this?

"We gave them a hand exploring it. Now they claim
they know about everything on and in it because each
component has a logical purpose, but I doubt they do.
There's bound to be some little mathematical surprises
buried in its mechanical heart. The Autochthonia Research

Corps is a small team that works with It X scientists, and

they regularly rotate the scientists out before they get too
caught up in the cyborg thing.

"Deep Universe exploration has become our mainstay.
From the Moon outward, ships explore the other planets.
You'd be surprised how many times we've found life that's
not supposed to be out there — not that we let those secrets
out. The Sol Research Collective, which orbits at a fair
distance from the Sun, has a large CF complement, mostly
It X, though the New World Order sends occasional ‘hall
monitors' when they can. Even e
vention reps, it's a big Collective, housing around 25

luding the other Con-

scientists, plus students, technicians and enforcers. Their
Solar Exploration Teams (SETs) are constantly on the
move."
"How many of you are there?" Gray Wolf asked.
Gardener smiled slightly. "Wouldn't you like to know,
Dreamspeaker?"
"I would. The Technocracy always looks so big from the
side." The others looked confused, but remained silent,

watching the wanderer.

"Tcouldn't tell you myself. Even if you had access to the
recruitment records, the numbers wouldn't tell you much
We don't make much distinction between Enlightened and
un-Enlightened personnel — everyone works together, and

some of the... less adept ones can still use advanced
tecknology. I do know that our Convention has hundreds of
members spread out across the galaxy.

"You mean the solar system, don't you?"

"Don't you think I'd know the difference?" she shot
back. "The Deep Exploration Teams go way beyond the
edge of our solar system. The Cop was created around the
star Alpha Centauri A and acts as the staging point for the
majority of DETs, excluding the ones based from the Sol
Research Collective. A variety of sectors are assigned to
different DETs for study, mapping and protection. They
usually have at least four scientists and a team of Border
Corps marines. Some teams are bigger than others, but most
of the bigger ones haven't suffered from attrition... yet. For
instance, I belong to a relatively small, young group that's
exploring the Pleiades star cluster, which is something like
400 light years from Earth. We have about five scientists,
four technicians and my group of marines, which varies from
10 to 20."

"You command a troop of space marines?" Lars in-
quired, trying to ignore Cyclone, who was goose-stepping
around the circle.

vor." She looked
extremely sad for a moment, then shook herself. "Some-

"Commanded. I was the only surv

times I let myself get too involved in the training of my
troops. I get to know them as people, and that'sa bad thing
"[ never do bad things," Natha comforted.

Gardener looked at her with a raised eyebrow and a
twist to the comer of her mouth.
"So, what is a ‘Pleiades star cluster?" Natha asked her
after a moment of silence.
"Oh," Gardener s
tion, a group of stars. Only seven of them are bright enough
to be visible to the naked eye on Earth, but there are
thousands of stars in the cluster. They were named after the
Pleiades, a group of seven sisters in mythology."

id, "The Pleiades are a star fon

"Right, I think I met them once.
Gardener paused, glanced at the rest of her audiencé.
"Uh, right..."

Cybernauts and Chrononauts

"The Engineers don't stop at exploring the physical
universe — or the extradimensional one, for that matter.
PDC Cybernauts map out the Digital Web, the worldwide
virtual reality network that the Virtual Adepts discovered
when they were still a Convention. The idea of conception-
exploration-discovery is especially true in the Net, where
aiting to be set

unformatted sites are literally virgin reality,
into whatever pattern the discoverer desires. Naturally, the
Cybernauts want to format it all our way and the Adepts
aren't amused. The Sons of Ether are there, too. Foran open
frontier, I've heard the Net gets pretty crowded."

"I know," Lars muttered to the flames, but no one heard him.

Chapter Two: A Society of Strangers

NO Ail

"Most Cybernauts are pretty bitter about the Virtual
Adepts' treachery. That's obvious from what they named their
lab Construct: Antithesis. With some of them, though, the
rivalry seems more like a big video game than a grudge
match—even though that video game can fry yoursynapses out

"Cybernauts seem to fall into two categories: the
hardcore mindkillers and the swashbucklers who occasion-
ally trade sides. I've heard a lot of ‘convenient' information
sometimes flows to Adepts — not to the young hotshits, but
to the older Adepts, who remember the old days, when we
were so much alike.

"Even so, the competition can get somewhat freakish,
I'm told, although I've never been there myself. A boyfriend
of mine, Charles, used to Net-jockey occasionally. He wasn't
PDC, just a techie with too much time on his hands. He
always offered me a chance to go online, but I was always
busy." She looked sad for a moment. "I always figured there'd
be more time, y'know."

"The Chrononauts try to do something about that time
problem. It's their job — their very risky job, I might add, to
explore time. Forward, backward, sideways. Mostly forward,
I've heard, to avoid the Paradox effect. Time research is
rudimentary right now, but I understand that inanimate test
objects have been sent to different points in history to judge
how well the current Temporal Field Inverters are working.
I haven't read the journal articles recently, so I don't know
what the current progress is. | do know that they have to
scrupulously avoid any potential situation in which the
Chrononaut meets herself, as the Paradox backlash from
that would blow them both out of reality, possibly starting
a chain reaction that could theoretically destroy reality
altogether. The Chrononauts' chosen subject makes their
work the most dangerous of all."

"Why do the Void Engineers think they can find out
everything about everywhere?" Natha wanted to know
"Some things will always remain secret."

"That's a function of the reality they're trying to create,
Natha," Gray Wolf explained. "To maintain control, all
things must be known."

"Knowledge is power," Gardener put in. "Ifall things are
quantified, then everything should lose a certain amount of
entropy-chaos. The world can be set in order at that point."

"I bet you believe in the theory that the universe started
with a bang and will just fizzle outas things cool down. Don't
you?" Lars pressed.

"Actually, no. I'm fonder of the bang-contract-bang
theory."

Cyclone began miming the universe exploding and
contracting by starting as a small ball, leaping to her feet
with arms and legs spread, jumping around a bit, and then
contracting back into a small ball

"An optimist?" Gray Wolf asked

"A realist. All things are destroyed. They don't just
fizzle — they get destroyed."

26 Technocracy: Void Engineers

Border Corps Division (BCD)

"I'ma member of the Border Corps Division. We're the
people who stop the monsters from coming through the
Gauntlet. We hunt down violators of reality's border and
stop them, usually for good. We accompany exploration
teams to defend them and guard the Cop and other Con-
structs. We interact the most with the CF from It X and
NWO. Most of our rank-and-file aren't what you'd call
‘Awakened,' but they can more than hold their own with
those who are. Simply put, we're the smartest enforcers in
the Technocracy. You can't have stupid people in space, or
in the ocean or in subterranean tunnels. Stupid people die
there, and they take others with them.

‘We get called ‘space marines' when we're in the
vicinity, worse when our backs are turned. Most Engineers
assume we're just a bunch of unwashed grunts and some of
my men like to play up to that stereotype. However we might
act, we're not stupid. We have military training, true, but
we've also got a variety of backgrounds that end up creating
a well-rounded, cohesive team. In some senses, we're like

the Special Forces units who pick the smartest people they
can find and train them into killing machines. Lots of our
recruiters find good candidates among those units, up their
pay and give them a world in which they can function.
Building our ranks that way, it's fairly easy to understand
why aclinical psychologist might be trained to lead them..."

Neutralization Specialist Corps
(NSO)

"The last division of the Void Engineers often works closely
with the New World Order. We call the whole division the
ion Specialist Corps, or the NSC for short, and it
strives to eliminate outside intrusionsand clean upany proofofthe
supernatural. Random elements don't figure into the equation.

"The NSC proper looks a lot like the NWO's Men in
Black; its members visit the sites of UFO sightings together.
While they scour the area for any physical evidence that
might need to be destroyed, the real Men in Black question

Neutral

the people who claim to have seen aliens. More often than
not, there's nothing extraordinary going on. Sometimes our
people have to clean up after the Men in Black themselves —
they stir up more curiosity than the UFOs do!

"The Neutralization Specialists are the real
‘Ghostbusters.' With Dimensional Science Devices, they go

in, isolate an area, clean house and make sure it doesn't
happen again. Someone being persecuted by a poltergeist?
They eliminate the problem. House possessed? Funny how
that house ends up burnt to the ground. Is your child's head
turning 360 degrees and spitting green pea soup? They'll
exorcise her with science. After that, the Men in Black or
NSC experts make sure you don't remember things very

clearly. I'm told they even have secret agents within the

Engineers' own ranks, policing us for Nephandic corruption


or madness. I have no idea how true that is. Of course, if 1
knew, it wouldn't be too secret, would it?

Sanitizing' is part of the NSC's job, too. With special
conditioning procedures — lifted largely from the NWO, I
suspect — the Sanitization wing administers the Enforce-
ment Training and Conditioning Agency, or ETCA. Some
of us prefer to call them the ‘Et Cetera Engineers' behind
their backs. All of our enforcement operatives must go
through the Sanitizing Program to prepare them for the
weird things they'll face on the job."

"We wouldn't want a silly thing like free will, would
we?" Lars snapped, suddenly angry

Gardener didn't take the bait. "No, we wouldn't want a
silly thing like freaking out in the middle of a firefight with
a bunch of extradimensional invaders, or like forgetting to
shut the airlock because your mind was on other things. Our
frontiers are too alien for most people to accept without a
little conditioning, In fact, the ETCA makes it a point to
undo brainwashing. It doesn't help us much if the NWO
makes mental sludge out of our new recruits, so we fix the
damage most Technocracyphiles inflict

"In fact, that's what Charles, my boyfriend, did —he reversed
conditioning at the DPEM: the Department of Psychological
Evaluation and Maintenance. That agency is based out of the
Descartes Institute of Mental Health, or DIMH, a large hospital
laboratory Construct in the Cop. They evaluate Engineers' mental
health through questionnaires, physical examinations and random

interviews. Any Void Engineer showingsigns of mental breakdown
from the stresses of the Deep Universe oraltemate realities goes into
the DIMH fortreatment. This can last from days to years, depending
on the trauma." Gardener downed another pack of coffee.

"Ever been in DIMH, Spandex?" Lars asked in a husky,
zed voice

She nodded wearily. "Not as a patient. Yet. I worked
there as a student. I am a clinical psychologist."
"Qooooh,"hesaid in the same voiceasbefore. ‘Doctor Spandex."

"Right," she replied.

Leadership: DSEATC

"DSEATC

the necessary executive decisions. Somebody has to do it, after

its at the top of this chaotic mass, handling all

all. Since these longtime Void Engineers have become too
embroiled in politics to continue their own research, they
ensure that we can continue ours. They call themselves the
Dimensional Science Evaluation, Administration and Train-
ing Committee, and they've been led for decades by Tychoides
—rememberhim? DSEATCis based out of an archaic-looking
flagstone Construct in the Cop called ‘Uraniborg,' after Tycho
Brahe's revolutionary observatory. Spherographically — ‘geo-
graphically' impliesa twodimensional space tome —Uraniborg
is very close to the Halley Academy, and I've heard that
members of D:

ATC often lecture classes there. I was never
graced with their presence, myself

Chapter Two: A Society of Strangers

Le ZAG

7

lI"

NO Ail

"DSEATC members are all pretty much geriatric, as
eccentric as the rest of the Convention members put together,
and bored silly, so they started what's come to be called ‘The Big
Joke,' which also keeps our other ‘cousins' from discovering
things we don't want them to know. Probably the only people
who know about it are a select group of Progenitors, the ones
who work closely with us. The ones who aren't always quite
right in the head. They keep their mouths shut; we compile
tons of blackmail material on them or appeal to their warped
senses of humor. Ever heard of something called ‘Kaltee?"

"I knew a witch once who spoke of it," Gray Wolf
answered. "A drug, isn't it?"

"Mmm-hmm. With some very interesting side effects. Some
Progenitors can't get enough of the stuff, and we know where it
comes from. That information keeps people quiet, believe me."

"So what's this great joke, Spandex?" Lars complained

Gardener grinned: "Essentially the other Conventions
think we're a bunch of geeks, running around like some Old
Wave band in orange jumpsuits and sunglasses, acting like
refugees from Lost in Space."

"And you're not," said Gray Wolf

‘And we're not. It's as simple as that." Gardener pulled
her jacket offand touched a stud on her utility belt. There was
a brief humming sound as the pigment molecules in the ionic
cloth rearranged themselves and her jumpsuit tuned orange

with gray piping and GARDENER emblazoned in large block

letters across the back. She straightened her glasses, swept
back her short hair with her fingers and looked grim and
blankly thoughtful. Lars and Cyclone laughed, one silently,
one not. Gray Wolf smiled. Natha finally kind of got it.
"Anyway," Gardener said, pulling her jacket back on and
sATC

veryone who meets or works with another

touchingthestudagain toretum the pigments tonormal,"DSI

wears that all the time. E
Convention wears it, particularly around the Men in Whatever
Color of the Day it is for the New World Order. That's gotta wear
on your sanity after a while. Some Void Engineers think wearing
the uniform is ‘utilitarian' and anything else is ‘distracting,' but the
humor-and-style challenged of the world always exist. For the most
part, we dress as we please when we're on our own. Going to an all-

try to out-nerd each other; everybody carries clipboards, laptops or

Convention Symposium, though, is like a Halloween party. W

something similar. For the big meetings, we even have contests."

"Technocrats with humor," Gray Wolf commented, his grim

smile softening his expression somewhat. "Will wonders never cease?"
Gardener looked at him with a sarcastic turn to her
mouth. "A Dreamspeaker smiling. Is the sky going to fall?"

"Touché," he admitted with a bow

Lars peered at each of them. "So you are both mages?
How come you're not killing each other?"

Gray Wolf gave a little shrug. "She has done no harm to
me ormine at this time, and we are both lost travelers. There

seems little point in attacking her."


"First of all, | am not a mage. I am a scientist." Gardener
nodded to Gray Wolf. "Normally, Iwouldhavezapped him when
I first realized what he is." She patted the bulge at her hip. "But
we have a basic Code of Conduct that we're supposed to follow,
and this situation falls under the major mandate of the code."

"Comforting," Gray Wolf observed.

The Code of Conduct

Do not depend on theory if your life is at stake.

— Bene Gesserit commentary, Dune

"The Void Engineer Code of Conduct is very succinct. The
central mandate ofall Void Engineers is ‘Survive atall costs.' After
all, information is useless if it's not transmitted to those who can
use it. The only thing superseding that rule is ‘No Convention
member shall have dealings or alliances with those entities

known as Nephandi or Marauders, or any of the servants of those

entities." Depending on exactly how important our information
is, we're givena little leeway on tharone. We're also supposed to
destroy Nephandi and Marauders on sight, and to that end, we
can form any ‘prudent alliances' we may need.

"The rest of the code is simple. ‘Help other Void Engineers.'
‘Help other Conventions when it doesn't compromise the Void
Engineers.' ‘Try towipe out the Traditions, but don't go out of your
way because they're pathetic anyway' — no offense, of course,
that's the official party line. And a final ‘Survive at all costs."

"So you're substantiating your not killing Gray Wolf
exactly how?" Lars prompted.

"Simple survival, my dear bloodsucking undead mockery
of scientific reality," she replied, "as well as the provision of
‘prudent alliances.' My ship and crew were destroyed by Ma-
rauders, and they may come after me if they realize I'm alive."

"What's a Marauder?" Natha wondered.

"You're better off not knowing," the wanderer replied.

Grudges and Alliances

Trust no one.

— The X-Files
"We know a great deal more than we

did," said Gray Wolf.
"Yeah," Lars added.

ative mood."

ou're ina real talk-

Gardener allowed herself to relax, sitting
back on the grass near the fire. "Boredom does
that to me. You all wanted to know about the
, So here it

Void Engine!

"And you're not worried about what we might do with
the information?" asked Gray Wolf skeptically. "We, a pack
of ‘teality deviants?"

"What could you possibly do with what I've told you?
Infiltrate the Cop? Stow away on a sanitization ship? Do you
think I've told you anything the average Virtual Adept
couldn't find out for himself?"

"{ had not thought of it that way," the Dreamspeaker
confessed. "I simply imagined you would be more... suspi-
cious... given your relationships even with your own kind."
"Please," said Gardener scrunching her face slightly,

"don't call the other Conventions ‘my own kind.

Other Conventions

O, matter and impertinency mixed! Reason in madness!

— Shakespeare, King Lear

"Most of us spend only a fraction of our time in the ‘real
world.' Some of us never even leave the Deep Universe. A
lot of Void Engineers therefore have difficulty ‘fitting in'
with the Masses. The rift this causes between the Engineers

and other Conventions is almost visible. The others are

afraid we're growing too distant from the Inner Circle's
central goals. They're the group who determines policy and
objectives for the Technocracy in general, though their
decisions are subject to the interpretation of the leaders of
the other Conventions.

"Some of our ‘cousins' have begun to wonder if all that
exploration takes its toll on us. They're saying that it's
possible for continuous exposure to different realities to
have adverse effects on the mind. It can happen, but it's not

as common as they think. They're just trying to find a reason
to make us come back to their precious reality where they
can keep an eye on us.

"We've gota distinct advantage over them; out here, we're
free to exercise our tecknology without worrying about blowing
humanity's collective mind, and w
breakneck pace. We don't have to worry about the effects ofour
research on some ‘Timetable' for reality or get permission from
the other Conventions t as we see fit. Wealso have distinct
disadvantages, though; I've known some Void Engineers who've
spent too many years in the Great Deep. They come back to
‘reality' forgetting what's accepted and what's not, and blow
themselves away with Paradox.

in advance at our own

"R&E developed a tecknology to help remind us not to
do stuff like that. It'sa scanner thatacts kind of like a beeper,

checking the area for life signs and evaluating those lifeforms

for Enlightenment status. | guess the Enlightened and the
Awakened have different energy emanations than the
nlightened
is present, it beeps or buzzes in a really annoying, distracting

Masses, or something like that. If someone un-

way to remind us not to use a tecknology too far advanced to
be understood or explained. Those of us with cybernetic
implants hear a pleasant fer

ale voice in our heads, repeating

Chapter Two: A Society of Strangers 29

Li. awa

I ZN


things like, ‘Ple:
are about to violate the

fa
ened individuals. If you proc

"Anyway, since we're
self-sufficient from ‘reality,'

us with a certain amount

Deep Universe and because
tions of their precious Hori

realities and wouldn't have
/ithout the Horizon Realm
own static reality limitations
their present state. They ow

"It scares them, you knc

things they don't, and we'
i¢

‘onventions, especially the

havea few ideas about sideste

we learned what we know, a
most Engineers know, eithe:
others can be as suspicious as t

little secrets. If nothing else,

‘ase do not violate the

vorite: ‘Warning: You are in the

ecause we're the only ones who c:

would be defenseless against the

we know something they don't

for the most part, they're clueless

parameters of reality,'

constantly absent

of suspicion. They toler:

we developed the basic founda-
izon Realms. Without us, they
forces of neighboring
the luxury of their hidden labs
s, they would be bound by their
and couldn't have advanced to
e us big
ow; they're frightened because
Hell, we know plenty of
te not telling, either. Other
NWO and Syndicate, may
pping reality as we know it, but
They don't know where
ind to be frank, I don't think
t. That's fine with me. The
hey want — we're keeping our
they're job security

30 Technocracy: Void Engineers

static reality,' or ‘You
and my
Presence of un-Enlight-
ed you will compromise reality.'
and basically
our fellow Technomancers view
e us
an navigate through the

The Progenitors

"Our fellow loose
closely with the
aliens to study

cannons, the Progenitors, work pretty
Engineers on many assignments. They want
and we need special clones
for field work — enhanced c
work in

and ‘modifications'
alcium retention for people who
zero gravity, heavier bone and muscle structures for
those who work in long-term heavy gravity, more efficient
respiratory systems, lowlight vision for our undergi
and even gills and webbe:
In return, we hand ther
along the way
ones —

round teams,
fingers for our Deep Ocean groups
n any new animals or plants we find
— they especially seem to like the sentient
and help them with some of their stranger experiments."

Iteration X

"Of all the Conventions, we work best with
They consider us something of a sibl
similar futuristic visions
respected thei

Iteration

ling Convention, with
and mutual respect. We've always
ir drive to push the frontiers of science like
with the frontiers of sp:
unknown forces —even

we do
ace and they admire our ways with
if that knowledge threatens them abit.

"As I've heard it, the early Celestial M
erscouldn't be bothered with technology
in the field was good enough for them
advanced,

asters and Seek-
Whatever worked

As the sciences
though, our top ranks realized that we fell
what short of the ‘technocratic ideal' —

some-
that is, we didn't

inventa whole lot of technology on our own. This, of course,
was in the days before Tychoides, so we didn't have much
more than a small bag of survivors' tricks, navigation and
‘mundane' technology — basic shipbuilding and such. I'm
told that when we went to the other groups, they rebuffed us,
saying it was our own problem.

"Not the Artificers, the forerunners of Iteration X. They
rose to the challenge of educating the resident savages, tied us
to our seats and pulled us into their tecknological programs,
teaching us advanced engineering so we could develop new
tecknology for ourselves. Their master craftsmen built our
explorers magnificent new ships, and a new world opened
before our eyes. Later, they even created the telescopes for the
Celestial Masters, so that astronomy, physics and mathemat-
ics could surge forward. Their HIT Marks and other
cybernetically-enhanced agents often accompany our Deep
Exploration Teams into danger zones, and they still help
design our most advanced ships. In return for what we owe
them, the Void Engineers build only the best when it comes
to the It X Horizon Realms. Needless to say, we were thrilled
to be able to give them Autochthonia when we discovered it.
We owe a great debt to Iteration X. We're a bit concerned
about their dependence on their ‘machine god,' but that
doesn't stop the Engineers from helping them if they need it.

"The Void Engineers take their debt to Iteration X very
seriously. We won't consciously harm a member of It X, and
we'll always come to their aid. Even if it means saving them
from themselves."

The NWO and the Syndicate

"We've never liked either the New World Order or the
Syndicate. Never. And that's been mutual. As far as the Void
Engineers are concerned, those bogeymen are bad for busi-
ness. ‘The Big Joke' was created for their benefit, as you can
imagine, and we do our best to look like dull little citizens
when their agents are around. Ever since Queen Victoria's
day, these two groups have insisted on total control, endless
paperwork and relentless conformity. None of those things
are strong points for us. As I see it, the Mirrorshades and
paperpushers are living examples of the things that drove the
original wanderers away from civilization.

"They don't care for us, either. The Ivory Tower likes
detailed information, tight schedules and total loyalty — or
else. The Hollow Men are even wor
or how they learned their variations on Dimensional Sci-
ence, but they have a nasty habit of popping up in unexpected
places. When we ‘step out of line,' both groups make life
difficult for us, rescinding funds, sabotaging missions, block-
ing space travel programs among the Masses, locking up
‘dissidents,' assassinating ‘renegades,' and stationing bully-
boys and infiltrators in our Constructs and crews. They hate
us and we hate them. Sad and simple.

; | don't know where

"Still, in the spirit of cooperation, our Cybernauts and
R&E Division create Net gateways and Horizon Realm
Constructs for the NWO, and both Conventions have
access to defensive DS gear. Despite our differences, there
are a fair number of ‘good little Technocrats' among the
Engineer ranks. Some Cybernauts, however, have tapped
the NWO accesses to follow what they're doing and may
even occasionally leak incredibly delicate plans to our many
contacts in the Virtual Adepts. We've also set up adeadman
network of Quintessence blocks so that when we leave, we

T 2

simply drop the blocks and collapse every one of their
Horizon Realms behind us. They'll pay with their lives for
everything they've done to u:

"Italmost seems as if you hate your own Conventions as
much as you claim to hate the Traditions," Gray Wolf
commented softly.

Reality Throwbacks

If they are to fight, they are too few;

If they are to die, they are too many.

— Chief Hendrick, 500 Nations

"For the most part," Gardener sighed, "the Engineers
don't hate the Traditions. Like all good Technomancers, we
have little or no respect for you, but we've got little reason
to hate you. Some Traditions are simply remnants of an-
other age, others are fighting a losing battle against the
creature comforts of technology, and some just want an
excuse to use their magick without any kind of discipline.
Saving the world is a hopeless cause for all of us, not just for
the Traditions, but these idiots — no offense, Gray Wolf —
fight against absolutely impossible odds.

"Void Engineers tolerate the Traditions more than the
other Conventions do. Our solo explorers often end up
sharing a campfire with Tradition explorers or other, stranger
things — kind of like now — and therefore share a bond of
a certain amount of respect. If we're alone, we see no point
in starting a fight. I mean, it would take a while for Iteration
X to send us some backup or even to call our own enforcers,
so why pick a fight? Why fight when we can have company
and conversation after months of being completely alone?"

Still, you do dislike many of the Traditions." Gray
Wolf stirred the fire idly but continued to watch Gardener
closely. "I have spoken with several people who claim to
have fought with your Convention before. With them, you
have a reputation as despoilers of nature."

"It's not our fault if your people keep getting in our way
or raising hell on our turf," Gardener shot back. "The
Engineers are just trying to make a safer universe for every-
one. That gets hard when screaming tribesmen call lightning
bolts down on your head, or when mad scientists send robots
out to pound your ship into scrap metal

Chapter Two: A Society of Strangers 31

NO Aill

WN

"She's got you there, Tonto," Lars replied. Gray Wolf
eyed the vampire coldly, but he had already turned his back
on the shaman.

"You've got so many lunatics calling themselves mages that
I'm amazed you've lasted this long," the wanderer continued.
"Witches performing blood rites, drug addicts visionquesting
their way to oblivion, flat-earth fundamentalists, tribal
throwbacks — no offense — and Technocrat deserters. That's
the majority of your so-called ‘Traditions.' Honestly, reality
would be better served without the lot of them."

"So you dislike everyone?" Natha asked, breaking the
fierce silence that followed.

"No," Gardener said, looking at the water sprite. "We
have a lot of respect for some Tradition groups: respect for
their abilities and tenacity as explorers. The Akashic Broth-
and they do a lot of
exploration themselves. Granted, it's all internal, but quest-

ers make for interesting case studi

ing those Realms can be even more exciting than traipsing
about in the Crab Nebula and more dangerous than a naked
singularity. | read about a research group at DPEM that
undertook a side project using some of the Brotherhood's
teaching and meditation techniques that they extracted
from a Brother's interrogation session. After a couple of
excursions, not all of them came back... quite the same...
and all of them spent some time in DIMH. But the articles
were very interesting.

"I think that at some point in the past, the Void
Engineers and the Dreamspeakers were probably the same
people, or at least related. And that common origin is where
Dimensional Science has its basis. They call it ‘spirit magick'
and ‘walking the Dreaming' and all that, but it's ally the
same thing. When we meet Dreamspeakers on the road, we
usually walk around them, rather than over them. Courte-
sies, y'know? They help us sometimes; we help them. As
long as we're not completely at cross purposes, we get along.

"On the other hand, the Order of Hermes truly mysti-
fies us. They use Formula and Method, Theory and
Experimentation to define their magick. If those aren't the
basics of being a Technomancer, I don't know what is! If the
New World Order would just sit down with them and talk
instead of being thickheaded, I believe we would have
ourselves another allied Convention. They take their name
from the original group who believed in protecting of the
Masses from supernatural enemies. Sure, it failed back then
because the magi were more concerned with power than
honest success. But by now they should be able to see that
the Masses have power of their own.

"The Etherboys, as a rule, are gentlemen lunatics. |
can't fault their enthusiasm — hell, I understand it — but
they rely more on whim than on inquiry or method. Most of
their space explorers can also be damned unnerving to
meet — you know some of them travel without survival
gear? How they stay alive out there, I don't know — and
when they start firing cannons at you, despite the scientific

32 Technocracy: Void Engineers

impossibility of incendiary combustion in a vacuum, yout
patience runs pretty thin. Personally, I think most of them
went Marauder a long time ago.

"I know I bitched about the Adepts leaving the Tech-
nocracy earlier, but really, they're nowhere near as bad as
the Sons of Ether. They just didn't like the rigidity of the
system; it's not like they, or we, have cut off all contact. The
Net is common ground, and our Cybernauts have been
methodically exploring it for decades. The older Adepts
aren't all that bad — it's the young cyberjunkies that I want
to pop upside the head when I run into them. They're
arrogant and obnoxious in a world where that can get you
killed. And they don't live long. The survivors are the ones
we work with, dropping info here, picking up some data
there. Their success has pretty much convinced us that the
Technocracy is not where we can do our best work."

"So the Adepts are helping you to leave the Technoc-
racy?" Gray Wolf asked, more than a bit surprised.

"Kind of. They just talked. And we watched. They've
got the freedom to work that we sorely lack." Gardener rose,
stretching and popping her joints.

Gray Wolfs face softened and a slow smile crept across
his face. "Thank you, Grandfather... Our Tradition has
been praying for this for some time. It may be a bit prema-
ture, but allow me to be the first to officially welcome you to
the battle against the Technocracy. The Void Engineers
will make a fine Tradition." Gray Wolf rose and extended
his hand to Gardener.

She regarded his outstretched hand as if it were an undead
rattlesnake, then broke into harsh, whooping laughter. "Us!
Join you?! A Tradition? Oh, please, you must be joking."

"But I thought you said... 1 mean you're so unhappy
with... I don't understand." Gray Wolf slowly lowered his
hand.

"Oh, the Engineers may leave. But we have other
friends, people who really understand us."

Those Beyond

"I mentioned Those Beyond earlier. They're bad, in a
way, but not nearly as bad as you'd expect. In a lot of ways,
they have the right idea. They're... well, realists. They see
destruction in everything, and they're right. The only way,
in their eyes, to get ahead is to work for the forces behind the
destruction. It's actually very logical, if a little depressing.
When Engineers fight the Nephandi and Marauders,
more out of habit than anything else."

"You're not serious." Gray Wolf shook his head. "You
said yourself that the Void Engineers were dedicated to
saving the Earth. The Nephandi-Lords and Mad Ones
would demolish our world if they had their way."

"Who's to say they're wrong?" replied Gardener. "To
them, our world is sick and doomed, and every baby born
into ithasa lie shoved down its throat from day one." There


was a sad, angry catch in her voice on that last statement,
and Gray Wolf almost thought he understood. The loss of a
loved one, or of a child, could inspire the darkest thoughts.

All the same, the shaman's skin prickled as the
wanderer's voice grew whispery-shrill: "There's so much to
learn from those who pass beyond the barriers, so many
truths those fools stranded on Earth would never under-
stand. The wanderers in darkness — the vampires, the
shapeshifters, the aliens, the ghosts — they know those
hidden wisdoms. You know — you all know! Why are you
here? Why really? Is it because the world won't accept you,
or because you won't accept the world? It's static and it's ill
and you all know that. Deep inside, you know it's dying, and
you ran. All of you ran."

Natha shivered suddenly as a frigid breeze shuffled the
leaves across the clearing and rattled the branches above the
pool. Lars looked up from the fire where another stick lay
burning. Gray Wolf's vision blurred slightly. Even so, he
as Gardener glanced at the

saw — clearly this time

luminescent dial on her wrist.

"I knew it!" he growled. "You have been checking your
watch."

"That's ridiculous," Gardener replied, her voice abruptly
sane again. "Time works differently out here. What good
would a watch be?"

"So what have you been checking, huh?" Lars was sud
denly up, his eyes red, his hair bristling. Little bits of madness
sparkled in the air around him. "I knew this was a set-up."

The wanderer's hand was on her pistol. "Keep your
distance, leech, if you want to see another hundred years."

Gray Wolf rose, suddenly a grim warrior standing where
the peacemaker had been. "You have deceived us."

The air around them shivered, waved and coalesced
into three men, wrapped in trenchcoats and masked by dark
sunglasses. One stood nearly a head taller than the others. "I

thought I felt you there," Gardener said, her voice colored
only slightly by relief.

"We've been watching. And taking notes. An impres-
sive show," said a short man without eyebrows. His voice
held no inflection. Behind him, the taller man faced the
angry Lars. Gray Wolf didn'tneed Awakened sight to notice
the red glint behind his glasses, and the Primium beneath his
skin caused the entire clearing to waver slightly.

"Oh no." The Dreamspeaker's own voice held a soft tremor.

"Yeah? Well, watch this!" Lars stared hard atthe tall man,
a buzz of madness almost palpable around his head. If the tall
man noticed anything, he gave no sign of it. Something was
wrong, however, with the color of his skin, Gray Wolf
noticed. A faintly rotted pallor and vague feeling of...

"No..." he repeated quietly, then turned his gaze to
Gardener. "Now | know why you spoke so freely."

"What's going on?" Natha sounded both puzzled and
petulant. Cyclone stood frozen in place.

"Marauders did destroy my ship," the wanderer said,
extending her hand to the shorter man. He took it lightly
and the four of them began to fade. "I was just waiting for my
friends to pick me up, and filling you in seemed like a good
way to kill time. After all, you four might even put the
information to good use."

Gray Wolf did not smile. "Which is what you were
hoping for."

"Divide and conquer," Gardener said as she disappeared.

"What is she talking about?" asked Natha.

"Best not to know," Gray Wolf replied, watching the
place where the storyteller had disappeared.

"Well, if you guys are enemies, then she did you a good
turn by telling us all that stuff." This from Lars, who sat back
at the fire like nothing had ever happened.

"Perhaps," said Gray Wolf shaking his head. "But the
favors of the Fallen I do not need."

Chapter Two: A Society of Strangers 33



STAGE 2:
ICARUS'

.»-WHAT TECHNOLOGY
MAKES POSSIBLE,
SOMEONE UNDERTAKES.
— FRANCES & JOSEPH
GIES, CATHEDRAL,
FORGE, AND

WATERWHEEL



Chapter Thre
Voidtech

Oh, yeah, I just love technobabble
— Terry Farrell (Dax, from Deep Space 9)

Tecknology

Few Conventions depend upon Devices like
the Void Engineers do. Perhaps it's their fond-
ness for gadgets or the longtime influence of

Iteration X. Like Xers, the Engineers focus
(CS their magick primarily through bigger, better,

more intricate machines. Even so, some Meth-

8 odologies demand treatments and modifications

Lovo

flexible and tend to be far more individualistic than their

from Progenitor allies instead of Devices or
apparati. The Engineers are nothing if not

compatriots. Anything that helps them explore faster, safer or

ogy, Research and Execution, devotes itself to developing

more thoroughly is a boon to them, and an entire Methc

Void Engineer tecknology at a frightening pace

One of the primary differences between the tecknology
of the Void Engineers and the technomagick that the other
Conventions use is the Convention's expertise with the

Spirit Sphere, known as Dimensional Science (DS for
short). Though some groups, notably the New World Order,

can access this "forbidden" Sphere, the Void Engineers

boast significant number of individuals who have mastered
it. Many of the old C
the present day constantly reevaluate DS for new angles and
all

science should be challenged. Such open experimentation

elestial Masters who have survived to

theories while challenging the old ones, as they believe

leads to constant innovation — and to perpetual suspicion
from other groups. Conversely, the other Conventions'
rigid dogmas breed an often ill-concealed contempt among
the E

gineers. Nevertheless, the secrets of DS make the
Engineers indispensable to the Technocracy at large... at
least for now.

Depending upon her mentor and her focus of study,
Void Engineer can begin her career specializing in either
the science of Correspondence or Dimensional Science.

Chapter Three: Voidtech 37

NG Ail

Historically, Correspondence has been the Void Engineers'
specialty; Dimensional Science has only recently spread
throughout the Conventions. These days, it is uncommon
for an Engineer not to command some aspect of the dimen-
sional fabric. True specialists, however, are still rare. Such
specialists tend to explore the Deep Universe (or construct
Devices allowing their comrades to do the same), while
Correspondence specialists deal with the Near Universe
(ie., the Near Umbra) and material reality. Almost every
Void Engineer, however, has at least one level of DS, since
defending the physical world from the "alien" one remains
one of the Convention's greatest responsibilities.

Remember that all magick is considered coincidental in the
Near Umbra, that Paradox doesn't exist in the Deep Umbra, and
that each Horizon or Umbral Realm has its own laws of reality.
The Engineers, more than other Conventions, are aware of the
shifting nature of "coincidental" and "vulgar" procedures. Thus,
many of them employ mundane gadgets —SCUBA gear, "nor-
mal" space suits, automatic weapons, hand grenades, halogen
lamps, and so forth — in addition to their Devices and Effects.
Sometimes it's safer to go with a static option when you don't
know where reality's boundaries are drawn.

Apparati

Like other Technocrats, the Void Engineers must focus
their manipulation of reality through apparati. These ob-
jects often vary across Methodologies, and even from person
to person, depending on the individual's area of interest and
expertise. Although Void Engineers require apparati in
order to use Tecknology, they also tend to be quick to throw
together replacements for lost or destroyed apparati.

Below are some of the most common pieces of apparatus
that the Void Engineers use. Again, Void Engineers in
general are extremely individualistic, so variation is not
only encouraged, but a fact of life.

Correspondence — Electronic Pass Key (EPK), scan-
ner, telescope, binoculars, Fluctuation Matrix (teleportation
device, either hand-held or permanent).

Entropy — scanner (hand-held), electronic and me-
chanical repair tools.

Forces — scanner (hand-held or large, installed in
craft), Offensive Electromagnetic Generator (OEG —a
laser gun), flashlight, laser pointer, batteries.

Life — scanner (hand-held or large, installed in craft),
cybernetics or biotech alteration, Offensive Biodisruptive
Generator (OBG —a futuristic gun), medical kit, skin pads.

Matter — electronic and mechanical repair tools, ul-
trasonic digging tools.

Mind — radio headpiece with a band extending around
the head, virtual reality apparatus, video screen.

Prime — scanner (hand-held), Offensive Quintes-
sence Disrupter (OQD—a futuristic gun), Prime Absorption
Device (PAD), wiring or tubes, recharger.

38 Technocracy: Void Engineers

Spirit — scanner, Gauntlet Field Generator (GFG),
survival gear, some kind of transportation craft, dimen-
sional crossing chamber, personal phasing device.

Time — Chronological Display Unit (CDU — ice. a
watch), Void Engine.

Dimensional Science

The exploration of alternative dimensions is the absolute
foundation of the Void Engineers

—Tychoides, Dimensional Science: A First Year Textbook

The secret trump of the Convention, Dimensional
Science allows privileged Technocrats to walk between
worlds with relative ease. Though expensive and time-
consuming to establish, a facility set up and staffed for DS
transport can phase Engineers, support staff and Umbral
ships into the spirit world with relative ease.

Learning DS requires Spirit magick plus at least three
dots in Technology. While some Technomancers outside
the Void Engineers understand DS, few grasp the truly
arcane theories behind it and rarely advance beyond two
dots unless they acquire Engineers as mentors. Option-
ally, Storytellers may treat Dimensional Science and
Spirit as entirely different Spheres if a character wishes to
learn both. While the two aspects work the same, the
theories and practices involved are so radically different
that it may demand a whole new learning process for a
mage to master both.

The odd nature of DS allows its practitioners to take
advantage of the Gauntlet's thickness in technological
areas. The places where most mysticks have trouble pen-
etrating the barrier — science labs, industrial centers, and
other high-tech facilities — actually facilitate extra-dimen-
sional technomagick so long as it is accomplished within
credible scientific parameters — i.e., using a believable
scientific style. Although stepping sideways and moving
items out of the Umbra still constitute vulgar magick, the
difficulty for such feats decreases under certain conditions.
For ii ce, within a Technocracy laboratory that is set up
for Dimensional Science procedures, the difficulty to step
sideways from either side of the Gauntlet drops to 3. A
traveler using DS needs only one success to pass between the
material world and the Penumbra in those places. Naturally,
reality deviants using old-fashioned Spirit magicks or
shapeshifter abilities work against difficulty 9 and need five
successes to get through. Opening a single gate for large
objects or groups, like ships or war parties, raises this diffi-
culty to 6. Either way, Gauntlet-piercing is considered
coincidental magick in these specially-prepared locations.
(See the "Sanctum" Background in The Book of Shadows.)

The reverse is also true: A deep-nature area, like an

unspoiled forest clearing or a Garou caern, is more difficult
for a Technocrat to penetrate (difficulty 9, five successes
minimum). Hence, Node sanitization is a long and perilous


process in remote areas. The local spirits rarely approve, and
technomagick is considered vulgar there.

In urban areas, high-tech workplaces that aren't config-
ured for this particular technomagick, and even other
Conventions' Constructs, the difficulty of directing DS
Effects through the Gauntlet is reduced by -1. Stepping
sideways is vulgar in such locations, and an Engineer should
act accordingly.

Most DS facilities have permanent Devices set up to
allow for transport and defense. Although most advanced
Devices require trained Awakened handlers, one or two un-
Enlightened consor
s") in

demands skilled personnel — that is, Technomancers with

n operate the Barrier Field Generators

(see "Devic

e of emergency. Spontaneous travel

the right Spheres to create the Effects. No Construct will be
set up for DS procedures unless the Void Engineers have a
permanent place there.

Ombral Survival

Although the Near Umbra (the area inside the Hori-
zon) is as breathable as the air we know, Void Engineer
doctrine insists that the worlds beyond the Penumbra (the
Near Umbral passages and Realms) are poisonous to hu-
mans. Itisamatter ofsome speculation among Void Engineers
as to why Penumbral space is so toxic: perhaps the odd
changes in body chemistry resulting from too much
Otherworldly travel ¢
bral space is toxic simply because people believe it's toxic.

ccumulate and kill, or maybe Penum-

In any case, Technocrats who step beyond the Penum-
bra and move into the alien worlds outside the "shadow" of
our own wear survival gear. For the most part, this consists
of thick clothes and breathing masks. More alien environ-

ments demand special suits, helmets and procedures (see
rank three Dimensional Science). Some Engineers, like
Gardener in Book One, flout regulations and get away with
it. More often than not, however, Technocrats who enter
the odder Realms and Umbral trails suffer strange effects if
their gear is disabled, ranging from shortness of breath to
prolonged sickness. The weirder the surroundings, the more
severe these ailments grow.

, goggles,
air filters or tanks, gloves, footwear and light clothing. Most

Basic survival gear consists of breathing mz

hazardous Earthside environments (Arctic, deep sea, desert

and volcanic conditions) have specialized protective gear

Some daredevils go "skin-spacing" or diving wearing only
breathing gear, but this is frowned upon. Most parties dress
in Universal Suits (see "Devices"), breathing masks, and

sometimes light armor if things look dangerous. Especially

bizarre Realms demand heavy Environment Suits, helmets
and power packs.

The Deep Universe is harmful. Surviving its effects
demands elaborate gear, advanced technomagicks or the
warped mutations of the Fallen and the Mad.

Chapter Three: Voidtech

39


‘

Quintessence Harvesting
and Sanitization

Naturally, our mastery of this world depends upon our
control of the elusive Prime Forces that our esteemed forebears
discovered through meticulous research. Obviously, although
their conclusions were erroneous, their theories must be exam-
ined for the truth they so clearly contain. They were, after all,
scientists.

— Tychoides, A Dissertation on Quintessential Physics,
Introduction

Harvesting and sanitizing magickal Nodes is one of the
Void Engineers' primary responsibilities. Thus, Prime
technomagicks form an important part of the Convention's
arsenal. Often referred to as "Prime Force" and "Quintessen-
tial energy," Quintessence and Tass power most of the
Technocratic Union's gadgets and inspire many procedures.
Naturally, R&E spends plenty of time refining its control
over Prime procedures. Although the Methodology will
never admit it, many of its research findings came from
plundering old Electrodyne Engineer records. The word
"Ether" is, of course, never mentioned.

Most Universal Vessels contain Prime harvesting fa-
cilities, called PADs (Prime Absorption Devices). Because
of the vulgar nature of large-scale Quintessence shunting
(see Mage, Second Edition, page 137), Void Engineers

40 Technocracy: Void Engineers

perform most operations through the Gauntlet with a con-
junctional Matter 3/ Prime 3/ Spirit 4 procedure. This way,
the Qui La Machin remain invisible to the mortal eye.

Even then, the Engineers can only take out isolated loca-
tions this way; public displays would risk Paradox, Sleeper
protests and innocent bystanders' lives.

Prime harvesting isnot entirely invisible. Umbral drains
can still be felt in the material world as sudden cold snaps
pecially

and overwhelming feelings of loss or ennui
sensitive Sleepers can still sense that something is going
horribly wrong while a Node is drained this way, even if they
cannot see anything out of place. Obvious forms of Tass —
magic mushrooms, glowing crystals, pure cool water, etc

disappear during sanitizing operations; at best, they seem to
lose their otherworldly vitality and become dull and mun-
dane. Urban Nod
through permanent machinery. If all else fails, an acquisi-

re often acquired legally, then siphoned

tions team will go in with portable Quintessence drains and
grab what they can.

Some procedures and Devices tap new Nodes out of
existing Quintessence streams (ley lines). This dangerously
vulgar practice takes time — several hours at best — and
demands 20 to 25 successes on an extended roll. It is far
simpler to grab someone else's Tass or divert an extant
Quintessence flow to the Technocracy's facilities. After all,
?Surely not those undisciplined,

who else puts it to better u:
irrational Tradition mages! Once the Technocrats get their


hands on raw Quintessence or Tass, they refine it down to
charge their power packs and batteries.

In most cases, the term sanitization simply refers to the
acquisition of a Node. Terminal sanitization demands a Prime
5 Effect to completely dam up a Prime flow, "capping the
well," so to speak. Most Technocrats consider this a waste
and prefer to set up shop on the Node itself. Over time, the
residents' technological nature changes the Node's Reso-
nance, "dedicating" it to the Technocracy's purposes and
making it almost useless to nature-oriented magick.

Sanitization is a dramatic event; it's best left up to
storytelling and roleplaying. Rules for Quintessence drain-
ing and sanitization, for those who want them, are offered
under "Prime," below. The Book of Chantries (pages 132-
136) has more information about Nodes and sanitization.

Common Effects

All Void Engineers are tutored in the rudiments of the
science of Correspondence and Dimensional Science dur-
ing their stay at the Halley Academy. Beyond that point,
their personal interests guide their tecknological studies.
However, those who choose to explore the Deep Universe
will receive the more advanced fundamentals of Dimen-
sional Science, while those involved in subterranean
exploration may advance much farther in the science of
Matter.

While their basic Eff
Methodologies, Void Engineers are encouraged to be cre-
ative with their Tecknology. An Engineer's survival may
depend on her ability to think fast and improvise faster.
Because of the amount of time most Void Engineers spend
on the other side of the Gauntlet, Paradox does not consti-
tute as much of a problem for them as for other members of
the Technocracy. Many are "spoiled" this way, however,
and havea hard time learning to tone down their procedures
in our world after spending long periods of time in areas of
"lighter" reality.

ts remain fairly constant across

Correspondence

Our Convention is more capable of mastering the multidi-
mensional perceptions required for excelling in the science of
Correspondence because of our early training in spatial aware-
ness and our basic tenet of thinking in more than one direction or
dimension at once

— Tychoides, Dimensional Science and the Seekers of the
Void, Introduction

* Calculate Kinematics

This procedure helps a Void Engineer estimate the
distance to an object, calculate whether it is moving toward
or away from the observation point, and figure its orienta-
tion in relation to her. This can be used at either short or
long range. Because most Void Engineers explore three-
dimensional settings, such as space, the ocean or

DWE

underground, they are better at "getting into a Correspon-
dence mindset" than manyfether "groundbound" mages.
That is, Void Engineers ten %@ think in three dimensions,

ocrat can sense
ty Perception in

nities to be
A in motion,

(ie, Paradox Realm). A larger Matrix — and four dots in
Correspondence — allow her to bring other people or
objects with her.

A minor adjustment, Shuttle Inhibitor, makes it more
difficult for others to teleport in her vicinity. This adds +1
difficulty to others' Correspondence travel Effects within
three yards of the Engineer, and lasts for the Effect's dura-
tion. For larger areas of shuttle inhibition, add +1 to The
Engineer's difficulty for each three additional yards (Corre-
spondence 4 or higher required).

Dimensional Science (Spirit)

If there is even a rudimentary intelligence functioning within
alocale in the Universe, there will be a palpable line of demarcation
between where this intelligence's home is and where the rest of the
Universe is. Sometimes, particularly in the Deep Universe where
discovered mindsets grow steadily more alien, this line of demarca-
tion is difficule or impossible to breach at lower levels of ability.

—Tychoides, Dimensional Science: A First Year Textbook

° Evaluate Gauntlet/Scan Locality

This Effect lets a Technomancer,
status in a specific location. With it

k the Gauntlet's

it is in relation both to himself and
¥ omffhore successes, the
» detect a breach in

breach from occurring in the first place. Sappote a Border
Corps patroller detects incoming Garou at a laboratory.

Chapter Three: Voidtech 41

NO Aill

\

E

Overcoming a difficulty of 7, he raises the level of the
Gauntlet by +1 for each success, possibly trapping the
Garou, but definitely buying himself time to call for help.
This Effect can also be used over long periods of time to raise
the Gauntlet in a location permanently, such as the area
surrounding a mundane laboratory building.

#¢ Scan Non-Local Universe

Astronomers, or explorers in the Near and Deep Uni-
verse, use this Effect for long-range scanning. Difficulty
depends on the size and power level of the object or entity
being scanned: a small, distant or insignificant object would
be hard (difficulty 8 to 10) to spot, whereas a huge, powerful
or very close target would be correspondingly easier (diffi-
culty 4 to 7). Like the Effect above, such scans are usually
combined in a procedure with Correspondence.

eee Breach Gauntlet Undetectably

This Effect allows a Void Engineer to enter the Near
Universe without rippling the Gauntlet. A Garou, for ex-
ample, forces her way through the Gauntlet, temporarily
rippling the fabric of the dimensional barrier and alerting
anyone with the proper tecknology to her presence. A
careful Void Engineer, however, uses this Effect to move
through the Gauntlet by partially dissolving the barrier and
reassembling it behind him, which creates no "ripples" in
the dimensional fabric. Such passage is harder to spot (+2
difficulty) than most "stepping sideways" Effects, though it
requires two more successes than usual.

Someone with this level of ability can also extract
someone or something trapped within the Gauntlet proper
(like a fly on flypaper) using the same procedures as he uses
to pass through.

©¢¢ Universal Travel

Beyond the Gauntlet, this level of expertise permits the
Void Engineer to travel short distances outside the Penum-
bra with minimal gear (see "Umbral Survival"). By attuning
her apparati to match her environment, an Engineer can
withstand any Otherworldly Realm's effects with only a
breathing mask and respiration gear, although she'll still be
subject to harsh weather, zero gravity, water, vacuums, etc.

eee Reconstruct Gauntlet

If the Gauntlet has been damaged beyond stopgap
reinforcement measures, an advanced Void Engineer can
use its shreds to recreate a functional barrier that can be
strengthened later. This Effect creates one level of Gauntlet
for every three successes achieved (difficulty depends on the
extent of the damage and the local Gauntlet strength,
usually between 6 and 9).

eeee Breach Alien Gauntlet

The other theoretically common application of this
Effect level is the ability to pierce a Gauntlet created around
other "physical" realms (i.e., planets), whether the barrier
was created by magick, technology, or a completely alien

42 Technocracy: Void Engineers

group unconscious. The difficulty to pierce an alien Gaunt-
let naturally varies with the strength of that Gauntlet, but
it will generally be +2 higher than the difficulty to breach a
Gauntlet of similar strength on Earth (maximum 10).

ee Create Gauntlet

At this level of Effect, a localized Gauntlet can now be
created without any preexisting structure. This is often used
to generate and build eithera prison or a "shark cage" in the
Deep Universe. One level of Gauntlet can be created for
every two successes achieved (difficulty 8). The length of
time the impromptu Gauntlet exists also depends on how
many successes are achieved.

eee Long-Distance Universal Travel/ Puncture
Reality Barrier

Traveling Void Engineers use this level of the Effect to
move long distances in the Near and Deep Universe in a
relatively short period of time. When combined with Cor-
respondence, this Effect becomes Gateway Transport (see
"Personally Fueled Tecknologies" below)

This Effect level also permits an Engineer to pass from
one reality domain to another, allowing passage into a
Horizon Realm without accessing the Realm's portal, a
favorite tactic of space marines with the power to pull it off.

Forces

The science of Physical Forces is conceivably one of the
most fundamental of secondary sciences for the Void Engineer.
From physical analyses of the Universe to laboratory and
research security, it is a useful and necessary addendum to any
Engineer's skills

— Tychoides, Advice to the Student

ee Laser Enhancement

This enables a Technomancer to raise the power of
any direct light source into laser beam. Laser pointers,
x tremely dangerous in the hands of
specialist, and their lectures are
a low level laser gun anyway,
t for a built-in targeter, then
proportions (don't play Laser
mage is figured like any other

Void: Biginear' weapocis
focus Prime 2 throug! source and combine it
with this Effect to cf€a ed laser guns. Both
versions of this procedure are Sane tothe BCD and other
security forces working in the Deep Universe.


Life

The Life sciences are not necessary for the Void Engineer,
and we usually leave such analyses to the Life scientists, such as
those working within the Progenitors and Iteration X. However,
it is useful to have the ability to scan and understand said scans
when representatives of oft sibling e not present.

—Tychoides, Di
Void, Introduction

* Scan Life Signs fi

This simple scan if
and detects magickal wel
("Is that a normal shark or a
Effect helps an explorer make ¢!
or fleeing. Storytellers should
a guide for specific effects.

© Defense Scrée

To use this Effe
ploy high-frequency $
as apparati. A succe:
This is particularly use

lower lifeforms.
feAquanauts, who frequently
have problems with rous coelenterates (jellyfish,
anemones, etc.) an@Ruge crustaceans (crabs, lobsters,
shrimp). Those animfls within the Engineer's general area
(one yard per success) will avoid her for the duration of the
Effect. Although chasing away most lifeforms requires one

are needed to

to three successes, four or more succ:
disperse large creatures or aggressive groups.

By adding Correspondence 3, Prime 2 (and some form
of ultrasonic field or chemical agent) to the Defense Screen,
an Engineer can set up a killing zone. Any simple life form
in the Effect's path or radius will take aggravated damage
s rolled.

Each Methodology uses a different focus for these
procedures, which are often coincidental. Most teams carry
fuelthe Screen's damage

based on the success

Prime batteries (see "Devices" ) gant
fi Bn ing

harms or repels higher lifefor like sharks, dolphin and
people. The repulsion "setting" makes other animals within
the area uncomfortable; most will flee unless they make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 6) to stick around.

If she wants to add Correspondence 3/ Prime 2 to the
Screen, the Engineer can set the Effect to kill, which inflicts
the usual aggravated damage. This can, of course, backfire
on the Engineer's friends if they happen to be caught within
range... The larger or more aggressive the targets, the more

Chapter Three: Voidtech 43


NO All

VAX

successes the caster needs to make the procedure work.
Supernatural or enhanced beings, like weresharks or sea
monsters, may disregard the repulsion setting at Storyteller's
option, although the damage application would work as usual.

eee Adaptation

An almost essential procedure for travelers in strange
environments, this listing covers a variety of bodily modifi-
cations: thicker skin, gills, lambent eyes, webbed fingers,
respiratory filters, quick-healing systems, and even claws.
Most forms of Adaptation require extensive treatments,
cybernetic implants or plastic surgery as foci, and many of
the wilder modifications are vulgar (see Better Body in
Mage Second Edition). Unlike Iteration X, few Void Engi-
neers take on extensive or bizarre alterations; those who
travel far beyond the Horizon or live in the Convention's
underwater outposts, however, require them just to survive.

For the most part, Adaptation procedures allow an
Engineer to survive ina hostile environment, either for the
Effect's duration or (in the case of extended modifications)
permanently. Short-term procedures usually employ sur-
vival gear instead. Obviously, having the Effect run out on
you during an underwater jaunt is bad news; many travelers
keep backup foci (i.e., other gear) on hand just in case.

Matter

The science of Matter parallels the study of Dimensional
Science, as Matter is the means by which we define the dimen-
sions of the "physical world" in which we perceive ourselves as
existing.

—Tychoides, Dimensional Science and the Seekers of the

A evaluate
physical ol t. Possible

applications t

nderwater; ana-
and quantity; and
sses, difficulty 8,
displacement of
ick up changes in
er; if that under-
je, some changes

lyzing soil conten
geological activi
she can also loce
local matter (wake
the type of matt:
ground cavern he
are going to be 1

¢° Minor

This Effect

breathable oxygen fre earranging or r destroy-
ing solid matter such as soil or stone. The denser the matter,
the more successes the Effect requires; small amounts of soft
material demand only one to three successes, while altering
a cavern wall would require four or more.

44 Technocracy: Void Engineers

* Major Environmental Alteration

This Effect resembles the one above, but with more
powerful results. A machine can be rewired to do things
it was never intended to do, and stone and other stubborn
materials can be destroyed and reshaped. The denser the
material, the more successes the Technomancer needs.
An Aquanaut might be exploring an ice cavern under
Antarctica. The cavern shifts and traps her, seemingly
forever. Fortunately, she's toting along her Aquatic Vi-
brational Resonance Drill, which she sets against the ice.
Using her apparatus to produce this Effect, she quickly
chips the ice away and digs herself free. (The player rolls
four successes against difficulty 6 because ice is fairly
simple to manipulate.)

Mind
Exploration of the Mind is not our business nor within our
are just continue the quest outward.

the nature and origin of the manipulations become clear;
with five or more, the Engineer can discern the exact
commands or mental torments his subject has experienced
and treat her accordingly.

© Adjust Minor Anomalies

With a little work, the Sanitizer can enact simple
mental alterations, allowing the mind to repair itself. This
usually undoes the damage at a rate of one week minus one
day for each of the healer's successes. Examples of simple
anomalies include: a brief contact with a Marauder, fae
Enchantment and short-term effects of the vampiric Dj
pline Dominate.

*¢¢ Adjust Major Anomalies

By entering the patient's subconscious and working
through dream therapy and reverse sleepteaching, the healer
can fix more severe mental damage. Complex anomalies can
be adjusted to fit somewhere within normal human param-
eters. Examples of complex alterations include: extended
forced service to a Marauder, long-term Kindred Dominate
and Presence effects, and most mundane brainwashing.


This often demands a month of treatment, minus one day
per success rolled, with one roll per day allowed.

#® Adjust Conditioning

This refers to extensive mind control, like the Social
Conditioning procedures of the New World Order (see
Technocracy: NWO). Usually, the Conditioning is never
completely removed, only subverted. The complexity of
this Effect lies in its subtlety — if Technocrats appeared to
have their NWO Conditioning reversed completely, an
extensive investigation would begin. However, if certain
Conditioning are altered,
the operative becomes loyal to the Void Engineers, rather
than to the New World Order.

#0008 Lobotomize

The scientists at the Descartes Institute of Mental
Health rarely use this Effect. In the case of a hopelessly
insane or compromised Void Engineer who held at least a

small but important points of the C

modicum of respect and status, however, a magickal lo-
botomy may be preferable to death. This procedure
completely erases certain areas of the mind and usually
damages the patient's memory of his Avatar. After his

recovery, he may be sent off to serve as a technician or

menial worker. This practice has received much criticism

from many of the younger Void Engineers, who believe that
a death with dignity is better than a life as a vegetable.

Prime

A solid basis in the science of Prime is especially necessary
to the Void Engineer, because his direction and vocation lies
outward in realms whpse fogudgtionaensropy is variable. As
Void Engineers, wéymiust therefore be @apable of analyzing the
componential styifetage of swe fealms \
— TychoidesA soins, Photgpigiand auc hapter One

© Locaéé Quintessential |Blow ‘

This pFocédure allows AVbid En pre
the lines@f Qttintessencet Phra feat an
the loga@hReimeForeepewer|¢ elas :
spot, while weak streams] 7 more work to uncover.
Checking Quintessence I¢¥els)

*© Divert Prime Fotee |

By tappinga source off@ui sence (including his own
Avatar's life force), an Epginest can power a short Effect,
lower a magick rl diffidtilty, Br co e some force from
nowhere. Obvious ymeuh® Engi

consume some = of energy; lon|

and trace

evaluate

"asy to

often coincidental.

s that his actions
lasting procedures
hence, batteries.

require a constanP AGW

eee Tap Node | \y » |
This Effect enables the \ uset it channel or dissipate a
Node's Quintessence"ter mporarily useless. The

Technocrat himself must be at the Node to perform this
procedure. The power level of the Node determines the
procedure's difficulty (see chart). Each roll takes 15 minutes
of game time — apparati must be aligned, reset, warmed up,

IRV

Chapter Three: Voidtech

NO All

IIS

etc. Really large Nodes take a lot of work to shut down, and
they don't stay drained for long. Draining or transferring
large amounts of Quintessence at once is considered vulgar
magick; after all, it involves shifting around the essential
fabric of reality.

* © Convert Node to Tass

The Technocrat converts all available Quintessence in
the Node to Tass, absorbing it into some portable source.
This allows him to carry the Quintessence away to provide
fuel for the many Tass-powered Devices the Convention
uses. (Think in terms of the Enterprise stopping on a planet
to gather Dilithium crystals.) Converting a Node's Quintes-
sence to Tass is a sizable, time-consuming task: each roll
takes a half-hour of game time.
Drain Node

This Effect completely drains a Node, transferring its
Quintessence into another Node, a mage or other suitable
receptacle. If the Node can be recharged, however, it can
still retain and replenish a supply of Quintessence. Draining
a Node completely is difficult and time-consuming; each
roll takes one hour of game time. After the Sanitizers
complete this procedure, however, the Node is considered
dry until someone taps it again.

. © Terminal Sanitization

This Effect annihilates a Node's ability to channel
Quintessence. For the most part, this is only done if the
wellspring's Resonance has been tainted through Nephandic
rituals or Marauder corruption. All Prime Force is lost, and
the Node must be sanitized before its Quintessence is com-
pletely drained. Each roll to sanitize the Node takes an hour
of game time.

Is of aggravated

46 Technocracy: Void Engineers

Time
The Temporal Field Theory is an exploratory imperative for
the Void Eingn entally alter our

— Tychoides, ij
Evaluate
With this p

ate the integri

Any external

become readily

a Chrononaut can
st. Naturally, these
emporal resolution
Engineera possible
mugger who robbed

pe scramble reliable
te mark. Engineers
cord are generally
ed scientifically.

vent Field (LTEF)
oral Event Field can
other desired subject

include creating a pocket of
"no time" within the Digital Web, allowing a Cybernaut to
work extensively (within a closed system, of course) without
any time passing while a suddenly imperative subroutine is
programmed, for example.

fark
ace of Power would inflict 2H


"4,

1 Why

4)

* Establish and Exchange Temporal Event Fields

This Effect permits the Void Engineer to create a
Temporal Event Field around a distant point in time. With
that TEF established, anda local TEF around the Chrononaut
or other desired subject, the contents of the two TEFs can be
exchanged. The result is effectively time travel

Test subjects do not experience wild sliding through
pathways of time; they simply exist first in one time, and
then in the next. To avoid the crippling effects of Paradox,
this procedure is only used to travel to a point in the future
A return trip involves returning to the exact second of
departure, again to avoid Paradox. Even this future travel is
dangerous: if the Chrononaut is unfortunate enough to meet
herself, the Paradox effect would blow both of them out of
reality. Depending on the events in the game, a chain

reaction could result.

The difficulty of the roll to perform this Effect is a base 8
for the forward travel and 10 for the return trip (to return at
the precise instant of departure in order to avoid Paradox).

Important Note: Remember that Chrononauts are the
Void Engineers most likely to be carried off by Paradox. Many
Technocrats also believe that major time travel mistakes
could conceivably unravel reality. Any Void Engineer
Chrononaut who deliberately alters major points in time to
affect the present day is summarily executed by his fellows.

"bitin

VY,
YY

( \ \y AA

procedure botches take a number of interesting

Time.

forms: Chrononauts who screw up might disappear, grow

suddenly old or youthful, find themselves living life ba
wards (read The Chronokinesis of Jonathan Hull. by Anthony
Boucher), get displaced in time, or end up as the subject of
mass amnesia, to wit: "You're who? I don't remember you!"

Personally Fueled
Tecknologies (PF Ts)
and Weapons

Most of the complex procedures below, especially the
various weapon types, can also be found as Devices, allowing
a Technomancer lacking the requisite Spheres to use the
Effects anyway. Engineers with the proper Spheres can
channel these procedures through apparati. Most weapons
have an "Arete" of 5 and 25 Quintessence, expend that
Quintessence at one point per shot, and require Dexterity +
Firearms rolls (difficulty 6) to use. Really potent blast-
cannons (which are rare and valuable, equivalent to
Arete" 6 and 35 Quintessence.

four-point Talismans) have
All magickal bolts must hit their target to do damage.

In the reaches of space and technological outposts, such
weapons are considered coincidental. Inall but the most media-

Chapter Three: Voidtech 47


:

saturated locations on Earth, they're pretty vulgar. Rather than
making separate magick and weapon rolls every time someone
shoots, simply assume that the weapon works and inflicts seven
to nine dice of normal damage (difficulty 6) if it hits. Botching
that damage roll brings Paradox upon the user. The risks
involved keep Void Engineers from being too free with high-
tech weaponry outside Technocracy Constructs and ships.

Matter-Energy Converter (MEC)
(ee Prime or ee eee Prime)

Like the Biodisruptor and Disintegrator PFTs, Border
Corps troops focus this Effect through exclusive weapons.
By touching their targets with a conducting rod, enforcers
disrupt their victims' Life Patterns.

MECs are hand weapons — an attacker has to succeed
with a Dexterity + Melee roll (difficulty 6). Because it can
be set either to stun or to kill, this weapon is preferred by
BDC members who work as guards in the Constructs. Level
2 stuns the target like the Rubbing of the Bones Effect; level
5 allows an Engineer to destroy a living target.

Laserblast (¢¢ ¢ Forces, ¢¢
Prime)

The traditional science fiction weapon; by generating
and firing a high-powered blast of focused light, a BCD
marine burns her target. Like all Forces Effects, the Laserblast
inflicts more damage than most magickal attacks, even if that
damage isn't aggravated. The Blast Pistol in the Mage Second
Edition Appendix details this Effect as a stand-alone weapon.

Disintegrator (¢¢* Matter, ¢¢
Prime)

RG&E produces Disintegrator Devices for the marines.
With these Devices, a normal gun can be more dangerous
than usual in the hands of a skilled Border Corps supervisor.
By using bullets with coils of copper wiring, an Engineer can
produce a brief but intense electromagnetic field that breaks
down molecular cohesion in the target.

The Biodisrupter, a similar Effect or Device, uses Life
3 to inflict a light blast of aggravated damage on living
beings. Though this latter variation is quite vulgar, Border
Corps working in subterranean environments prefer it.
BCDs working in marine and rain forest environments
prefer these weapons over the Matter variety.

Nitrogen Narcosis (The Bends)
(eee Life, e* Matter)

Anyone who goes from an area of high pressure toan area
of lower pressure without slowly depressurizing is subject to
nitrogen narcosis, a potentially fatal condition characterized
by gas bubbles forming in the blood. This agonizing sickness
aff

may encounter different atmospheric pressures.

ts not only marine divers, but pilots and explorers who

48 Technocracy: Void Engineers

This Personally Fueled Tecknology (PFT) must be used
under coincidental circumstances — in a decompression suit
orchamber, or through a sudden pressure change. Under such
conditions, the damage is calculated as usual, can be soaked,
and is not aggravated. If the target suffers even one Health
Level, however, she continues to take an additional Health
Level per turn until she either dies or is cured by reversing this
Effect or by undergoing mundane decompression.

Behavior Modification Device
(BMD) (eee Entropy, ¢*** Mind)

Members of the NSC who are a) educating new opera-
tives, b) reeducating operatives who have been conditioned
by the New World Order, or c) performing extreme mind-
altering operations upon witnesses of supernatural and
paranormal phenomena commonly use the BMD. During
modification sessions, NSC educators attach electrodes to
the subject's scalp, then wire them to a TV monitor and
computer. Using these displays, trained psychologists within
the Sanitizers view, select and alter appropriate memories.
Professionals at the Descartes Institute of Mental Health
(DIMH) frequently employ the BMD, which can be used in
the field with a small amount of preparation.

Create Horizon Realm Construct
(eeeee Dimensional Science,
eee Matter, ¢¢¢* Prime)

With sufficient planning and blueprinting, a Void
c Horizon Realm and the Con-
ions of the individual patron

Engineer can create a k

struct within to the specific
group. Extremely large Horizon Realms, such as the
Copernicus Research Center, can require anywhere be-
tween two and 200 construction specialists.

Building Horizon Realms is difficult. The exact param-
months to work
out. As a general rule, assume that a tiny pocket Realm

eters, variables and specifications may take

(house-sized) takes a month, a medium one (a city block) at
least three months toa year, anda large one, several years to
complete. Even then, a Horizon Realm comprises more than
the space it occupies. For more specific details about Realm
construction, see The Book of Chantries.

Gateway Transport (eeeee
Correspondence, ¢*¢ee
Dimensional Science)

This operation "gates" a ship to a point in the Deep
Universe, an operation that only an élite corps of pilots can
perform — and only after a sizable amount of preparation.
Before "gating," pilots scout the arrival points to map
potentially interfering objects. Only under the rarest and
most dire circumstances does anyone "gate" to an unex-

plored region. The craft undertaking the gating must also be
"wired for Gateway": that is, R&E designers install a net-


work of Tass conduits into the ship's hull to conduct the
Effect evenly over the entire structure. Early Gateways often
suffered fluctuations that breached the craft — usually
leavinga significant chunk of ship and crew behind, floating
in the Deep Universe.

Because of the skill involved in running a gateway
operation, good pilots are in great demand, particularly for
cale transports and Deep Universe exploration. Be-

no "vulgar magick" exists in the Deep Universe, this

procedure's difficulty depends on the distance the craft
covers. Under the best circumstances, Gateway Transport
requires five successes at difficulty 8. Unexplored or ob-
scenely distant locations raise that difficulty to 10.

Tecknological Devices

Ofall the Technocracy's Enlightened agents, the Void
Engineers are most likely to carry magick-tech, for the
following reasons: They need the gear to survive in hostile
environments; their leadership trusts the Engineers more
than the other Conventions' leadership trusts its agents;
their work often takes them outside the Earth's static reality,
so they pose less of a threat to the desired order of things, and
finally; many of them have little better to do than invent
new technomagickal toys while on long voyages.

Out of necessity, the Engineers' R&E division has
perfected Talismans that acolytes can use. After all, a space
marine, Awakened or not, is of little use if she cannot fire a
high-powered weapon, pilot an Umbral craft or activate
protection generator fields. Naturally, these specially-trained
individuals do not simply pick up their weapons and let
loose: they must be conditioned to accept the reality of what
they do, trained to use their high-tech gear properly, and
watched to ensure that they don't defect or conduct them-
selves recklessly. In short, a Sleeper who tries to use a Void
Engineer Device without weeks or months of preparation is
doomed to failure, Paradox, or both.

Beyond the Horizon,
Magick simply fails or goes wrong in some misguided way if
the caster botches. Within the Near Umbral Realms, Hori-
zon Realms and material world, however, a procedure or

adox does not pose a threat

Device can still violate reality. Thus, all Void Engineers
carry Protocol Beepers (see below) when working inside
Earth's Horizon, wear ionic cloth garments, and can acti-
vate Quintessence batteries and patch kits, use Universal
Suits, and switch Defense Field Generators (DFGs) on if
necessary. Un-Enlightened troops often use technomagickal
weapons (see above) in deep space, though not within
Horizons borders.

Theresa price, of course, for this advanced tecknology:
in addition to Paradox backlashes, a Sleeper's Device might
simply refuse to function at odd times, due to his imperfect
understanding of the concepts involved. In most cases,
equipment failure depends on the Storyteller's whim, though
a Wits + Technology roll (difficulty 7) might be used in a

SS

ms"

Nv at
Jj

AY

SW)

|

pinch. When a Sleeper uses a technomagickal gadget, have
him roll, and ifhe fails, the Device doesn't work. Obviously,
this rule does not apply to full-fledged Technomancers.
With the exception of the Barrier Field Generator, no
Talisman over the third rank can be used by an un-Awak-
ened Engineer acolyte.

Like the NWO, the Void Engineers' R&E division
doles out equipment with an eye toward an agent's perfor-
mance. Devices and powerful mundane gear must be
requisitioned from an Ordinance Officer or an R&E de-
signer, and many of these Technomancers pursue a CYA
policy for their own preservation. If someone goes rogue
with requisitioned gear, the Officers feel the heat and thus
rarely grant wild cards and new recruits access to sophisti-
cated Devices. Troublemakers often find their access cut
and Devices seized. Really potent Devices (rank five) can-
not be requisitioned; they're built into ships and Constructs
and do not belong to individuals.

¢ lonic Cloth

Arete 1, Quintessence 4

This fabric is used for just about every form of clothing
necessary for the Void Engineers, particularly uniforms and
Universal suits. It resists ripping, tearing, acid and radiation,
repels dirt and other staining materials, and adds one die to
soak rolls.

Although this Device is technically magickal, Storytellers
should not bother to roll its Arete or keep track of Quintes-
sence. Just assume that garments made of ionic cloth take a lot
more punishment than any ordinary clothing could withstand.

ee Molecular Pigment Absorption
Level Adapter (IMPALA)

Arete 2, Quintessence 6

This Device can be used on ionic cloth to alter the
pigment's radiation absorption frequencies — that is, it
changes the color of the cloth. Frequently used by Void
Engineers who work with other Conventions to keep "The
Big Joke" going, iMPALA suits also make good camouflage,
especially underwater and in deep space. When used this
way, an iMPALA-treated outfit can raise an opponent's
Perception difficulties by +1 to +3 if the Engineer tries to
hide from him.

ee Oniversal Suit

Arete 2, Quintessence 10

The single most common piece of equipment Void
Engineers possess. This protective utility suit is always made
of ionic cloth and has appropriate attachments for other
personal Devices necessary (such as Reality Modulation
Units). The suit itself has an emergency reserve of Quintes-
sence available to fuel necessary Devices (the Quintessence
rating). Although the average Universal Suit looks like a

50 Technocracy: Void Engineers

bulky jumpsuit, Engineers assigned to unusual environments
(deep space, underground operations, ocean exploration,
deep-freeze, etc.) wear Suits geared to their surroundings.

Under most circumstances, Engineers go without the
helmets that complete a Universal Suit. During a crisis,
however, all personnel are required to don their full protec-
tive gear. The alien nature of some of these Suits may
account for a few Sleeper tales of UFO visitors.

ee Perimeter Alarm

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

Essential gear for space marines and Neutralization Spe-
cialists, these Devices set up a scanning fields that detect
lifeforms and spirit entities entering them. By staking out a
space between two alarm posts, an Engineer activates an
invisible 10'x10' grid that lasts 10 hours (two Quintessence an
hour). Anything that enters the grid sets off an alarm that can
be programmed for either silent warnings or hellish shrieking.

In game terms, the Device's Arete becomes a Percep-
tion roll, difficulty 6, to detect intruders within the grid.
Multiple alarms can cover a wider area but don't affect the
roll itself. With even one success, the warning sounds. The
grid combines Spirit Sight and Sense Life in a 10'x10'
block. Three-point Alarms can add either Matter Percep-
tion, Sense Thoughts or Time Sense to detect more unusual
intruders. Permanent Alarms are common features in Uni-

versal craft and Engineer stations, but remain the
Convention's little secret.

Advanced Power Cell (APC)

Arete 3, Quintessence 15 to 25

These Quintessence batteries channel Prime Force
froma source (like a Node) into the Cell for storage and later
use. This process usually takes a half hour for the smaller
models and an hour for the larger ones. Quintessence
contained in APCs may only be used to charge Talismans;
to use the APC's energy in other ways, a mage must absorb
it into her Avatar using Prime 3 magicks. Un-Awakened
personnel may activate an APC but cannot use its Quintes-
sence for themselves.

Once hooked up to a Device, an APC will fuel its
technomagickal Effects or replenish the Talisman's own
power. Naturally, the Resonance an APC carries will shape
the purpose its Quintessence can be used for — a Virtual
Adept could easily power her computer with one, but a
Verbena trying to defocus the Prime energy to her own will
would have a difficult time of it.

Small Cells resemble canisters roughly the size and
shape of fire extinguishers; larger models must be carried on
a person's back and resemble a strap-on suitcase. Immobile
Cells, which can absorb up to 100 Quintessence, power
shipboard functions and store Node-raiding plunder. Al-
though most Cells are painted gray, some Methodologies
prefer black, deep blue or camouflaged Power Cells.


eee Medipac "Patch Kit"

Arete 4, Quintessence 20

A small package containing a power cell, a chronial-
acceleration healing wand, compresses, hypodermic,
super-antibiotics, Progenitor steroids and a computerized
manual, the Medipac allows an Engineer to decrease any
difficulties for Medicine or First Aid rolls by -3. Addition-
ally, it letsa Technocrat with at least one dot in either of the
aforementioned Abilities roll the kit's Arete to heal an
injured person in record time. Naturally, the healing isn't
immediate (that would be vulgar!). Rather, in two to four
turns, almost any small injury, infection or disease can be
cured, or at least prevented from spreading.

In game terms, the kit's Life Sphere function heals
damage as if it were causing damage. While the Medipac
can't repair severed or mangled limbs, crushed bodies or
severe burns, a body's natural healing powers can be accel-
erated. The kit cannot heal spirit beings or dead characters
and, at the Storyteller's option, may not work on really alien
lifeforms.

eee Protocol Beeper

Arete 3, Quintessence 15

This tecknological Device was designed to protect
Engineers who may have trouble remembering what is and
is not acceptable in Earth's reality. Whenever an Engineer
prepares to use a tecknological Effect, the Beeper scans the
area to see if there are any Sleepers present who might
witness it. If so, it warns the Void Engineer that she risks
invoking Paradox. As this particular Effect is coincidental,
the Beeper rolls three dice against difficulty 5. If the roll
succeeds, the Beeper warns its wearer. Whether she chooses
to heed the Device is her decision.

e eee Barrier Field Generator
(BFG)

Arete 5, Quintessence 25 (backpack units) to 50
(DEGEs)

These reality-thickening generators strengthen the

Gauntlet within their general range. Small units (approxi-
mately the size of backpacks) raise the rating by +1 within
an average room, while massive Defense Field Generator
Emplacements (DFGEs) can "wall up" several hundred
square yards, raising the Gauntlet by +3 (maximum 10).
Any Spirit Effect, even a Dimensional Science one, must
contend with the stronger Gauntlet before it can pass
through the barrier field.

Unlike many advanced Devices, a BFG may be activated
by an un-Awakened person, assuming the user has been
trained to use them. Turning on the field requires an Arete
roll (Device's Arete, not the user's) against difficulty 7. Each
turn a Barrier Shield remains in use, it consumes one Quin-
tessence. DFGEs demand five per turn before recharging.

e eee Ectoplasmic Disrupter
Cannon (EDC)

Arete 5, Quintessence 25

Also affectionately known as the "ghostduster," this back-
pack-borne sidearm focuses Prime Force into a spirit-disrupting
beam. Though the blast only lasts a moment, it tears holes in
Materialized Umbrood and ghosts. With some adjustments, this
weapon can even penetrate the Gauntlet to sanitize renegade
beings on the otherside. Needless to say, these advanced Devices
are rare, expensive and carefully guarded. Only Neutralization
Specialists receive such weapons, and the mortality rates of
EDC-trained personnel are mysteriously high...

EDCs are Quintessence vacuums; each blast consumes five
points instead of the usual one, and the Technomancer must hit
his target to hurt it (Dexterity + Firearms, difficulty 7). When it
hits, however, the EDC channels an Entropy 4/Prime 4/Spirit 4
Effect with devastating results. Materialized beings take the
damage as aggravated Health Levels, while ephemeral ones lose
either Power (spirits) or Corpus (ghosts). Restless dead who
"skinride" (possess the living) are evicted from their host unless
they resist the ghostduster's effects. Targets can counter the
gun's damage by rolling their Willpower as a soak roll, so an
EDC is nota sure-fire cure for spirit infestation. All the same,
the weapon gives a Neutralization Specialist a fighting chance.

A slight resetting allows the weapon to penetrate the
Gauntlet with a Spirit 3 Effect. As usual, this works more easily
in a low-Gauntlet area, or in a place attuned to Dimensional
Science, than in a normal urban setting. Fortunately, pro-
longed hauntings lower the local barrier by several points (no
more than three), so the spooks actually make a hunter's work
easier for him. Naturally, the aliens that constantly surround us
are not fond of such destructive weapons — or of the people
who use them. Sooner or later, a Neutralization Specialist must
put his ghostduster aside. There's a good reason why Void
Engineer Constructs have Perimeter Alarms...

eee Reality Modulation Onits (RMO)

Arete 5, Quintessence 20

This apparatus is a purse-sized pack usually attached to an
airtight suit of ionic cloth. By producing a field that maintains
a Void Engineer's own reality, an RMU provides atmosphere
and heat venting. Other elements — distress alarms, air sup-
plies, helmets, waste recyclers, etc. — used in conjunction with
the RMU, can sound long-range distress signals and provide
long-term environmental support and survival (one point of
Quintessence per day) if the Void Engineer is lost in space.

Much larger RMUs, installed in Void Engines and other
Deep Universal craft, combine several survival units, other
functions like weaponry, communications and entertainment
facilities, and backup redundancies. Supplies of Tass, usually
derived from STAR Units always power each RMU, despite
size and capacity. As such, they have minimal Quintessence
supplies of their own.

Chapter Three: Voidtech 51


52

Technocracy: Void Engineers

cece Accelerated Force

or eeee

Cannon (AFC)

Arete 6 (portable) to 9 (ship's guns), Quintessence
36 to 60

Two versions of a high-powered blast weapon; the first

is a heavy gun mounted on a tripod, the second, a ship-
mounted emplacement. Given the destructive power of
Forces magick, neither one is healthy for the target.

The principles behind both guns are pretty simple: raw
Quintessence is focused into a deadly laser beam. The kick
from these guns comes from their sheer power — the dice
rolled to calculate their effects. With the extra success level
the Forces Sphere adds to attacks, the APC is capable of
inflicting serious damage.

AFCs require a healthy amount of Quintessence to
operate. While the portable version uses a single point, the
ship-mounted gun pulls three Quintessence from its genera-
tors. Storytellers are advised to consider the guns good for 35
shots and 20 shots, respectively. Gunners must succeed with
a Dexterity + Firearms (or Technology for the ship's guns)
roll. Difficulties for the guns are 7 and 9 for man-sized
targets, lower for large targets like ships and unholy demon-
things.

eeeee Stellar Tass Augmentation
Refinery (STAR) Onits

Arete 5, Quintessence 20

These units collect stellar and interstellar materials,
extracting the Quintessence from them and reducing it
down to solid Tass for fuel or storage. This is a jealously
guarded tecknology; the Void Engineers permit no other
Convention near the STAR units, which are shielded from

even the best scanning using a countermagickal substance
known as Primium. Each Void Engine or Universal craft has
at least one STAR unit, if not two for the sake of redun-
dancy. The Copernicus Research Center and all the
Constructs within it are fed Quintessence by six huge STAR
units, one at each stellar vent. Note that STAR units are

large and not easily portable. Such items are never assigned

to individual Engineers.

eeeee Tass-Powered Propulsion
Onits (TPOs)

Arete 6, Quintessence 30

The essential propulsion units for Universal craft and
Void Engines, TRPs come in a variety of types, depending
on their generation. The originals used different types of
internal combustion and nuclear fission, while most current
TPUs involve nuclear fusion reactors and solar wind collec-
tor sails. Some Star Trek fans in RG&E, still attempting to
work out the kinks of matter-antimatter reactions, chafe at
the success of their rivals within the Sons of Ether.

As the name implies, large supplies of Tass, usually
derived from STAR units, power TPUs. Asa result, a TPU's
innate Quintessence is minimal, lasting only for a day or so
of normal travel.

Quantum Field Inverter (QFD

Arete 5, Quintessence 20

A transportation Device present in every Void
Engineer's laboratory, the QFI resembles a small circle of
electronic wiring set on the floor or ceiling in a corer or in

a cabinet. When an individual or object is set on or under
the circle, the operator uses a control pad to determine a
destination. Only another QFI can be targeted, so Void
Engineers cannot simply appear in the middle of a busy
street. Activating the QFI generates a field around anything
within one to three feet of the disk; this area links toa similar
field generated around the target QFI disk, then reverses the
two fields. A person transported this way perceives the
world around her warping and shifting into wildly careening
silver ribbons that tear past her at high speeds, then reshape
into her destination.

Engineers use QFls as transportation from a "reality-
bound" laboratory to a Horizon Realm, from one Horizon
Construct toanother, and from Constructs to Universal craft.
Only in the most desperate circumstances are QFls used to
transport from one mundane lab to another.

A similar form of apparatus or Device, the Fluctuation
Matrix (see Shuttle), transports Earthside Engineers across
material reality. Available in both hand-held (¢ ¢ # Device)
and group transport (#¢¢ © Device) models, the Fluctuation
Matrix only works within the bounds of material reality.

Otherwise, it resembles the QFI in form and function.

(TTC)

Arete 6, Quintessence 30

This highly experimental Device can be, and often is,
installed in Void Engines. It uses a concept similar to the
QFI, but the potential field is another time, not another
place. So far, TTCs have proven highly unstable, stranding
Chrononauts in other times or simply destroying the travel-
ers. Chrononaut R&E believes that Time fluctuates more
than previous theories believed, and thus they factor in
compensations for those fluctuations. Because such mea-
sures aren't perfect, those scientists are also working on
personal slingshot failsafes that can return a Chrononaut to
the present by reestablishing her true temporal field at the
slightest indication of a problem.

Temporal Transit Converter

This Device generally moves through time using the
Temporal Event Field Exchange, though some papers have
been released on a "sliding" effect that better simulates the
linear motion depicted in fiction.

Sample Oniversal
Vessels

Minds of men fashioned a crate of thunder,

Sent it high in the blue;

Hands of men blasted the world asunder;

How they lived God only knew!

Souls of men dreaming of skies to conquer

Gave us wings ever to soar!

— Robert Crawford, "The Army Air Corps"

Void Engineer ships require very little "magick" per se;
their existence is miraculous enough. Each one is outfitted
with Devices like those shown above, constructed using raw
materials, Matter 4, Forces 4 and Dimensional Science 5,
and shielded from entropic and material breakdown (En-
tropy 3, Matter 3). All the functioning parts of the vess
scanners, propulsion units, life support, weapons systems,
STAR units, Prime Absorption Devices, etc. — are modu-

Is—

lar, designed to be installed and replaced in minutes.
Although linked to the central computer network, the
individual Devices are not integral parts of the ship.

Engineer construction facilities typically build the crafts'
shells in secret Earth-based hangers (where materials are plen-
tiful) and phase them through the Gauntlet into Dimensional
Science facilities. Because experiments with extradimensional
materials and labor have proved too problematic to become
standard practice (or so the claim goes), Engineers use the
scrapped remains of old ships to construct new ones.

Each Universal craft has at least one Enlightened
Technomancer commanding a staff of skilled mundane personnel.
Larger ships, especially Qui La Machina, have three to 10
Technomancers aboard. Although shipboard discipline is suppos-
edlystrict, individual captainsare granteda lot ofleeway. Punishment
for infractions ranges from a verbal dressing-down to being jetti-
soned alive (an unofficial but frighteningly common practice).

At present, the Inner Circle records declare that the Void
Engineers have 100 Void Engines, five AUCs, 20 X156 Qui La
Machinze and five "Vaders," as well as a handful of lesser craft,
QUESTS, satellites and space stations. The truth is somewhat
more ominous. The Engineers have constructed a flotilla far
larger than the Inner Circle assumes. The true number of
Universal Craft, their purpose and their location depends on the
Storyteller's vision. After all, isn't a little mystery half the fun?

Void Engine

Small ovoid craftbuilt by Iteration X forthe Void Engineers'
use, these transports can be fitted with a number of different
propulsion units and RMUs. Depending on the crafts' make and
purpose, Void Engines range from eight to 20 yards in length.
Most see service as short range shuttles, temporal transports, and
long-term solo explorations. Only rarely are they wired for
Gateway Transit or outfitted with strong weaponry.

Chapter Three: Voidtech 53

NO Ail

WN

Sentinel Satellite

Unmanned sentries posted around the Horizon, these auto-
mated Devices bristle with Force weaponry. Some satellites orbit
the Earth in material space, while others protect the Umbral side
of Etherspace. Al-driven guns fire at anything that comes too
close, while sensors alert nearby Constructs of the invasion.

The Engineers began placing these spheres in orbit just
before World War I. Important Deep Universe gatepoints
have large Sentinel positioned there as well. These orbital
weapon stations have pushed back several Nephandic excur-
sions and Marauder attacks and have taken a number of Son
of Ether ships downas well. Sooner or later, however, the Mad
Ones
lite:

ind the Fallen will discover a way around the satel-
perhaps they already have.

Mark VII Cassini AOC (Armed
Oniversal Cruiser)

The leading edge of tecknology, Cassinis transport strike
teams and larger exploration teams within the Deep Uni-
verse. Powered by the most advanced fusion core available,
the ship's engineering section is triply redundant for life support,
enginesand magnetic containmentof the nuclear fusion plasma.

Roughly 100 yards long, the Cassini has living quarters
and life support for 80 crew and passengers, but can be run
by a skeleton crew of five if the team includes a really good
pilot. Mark VIls are wired for Gateway Transit and boast
four formidable Force Cannon arrays of four guns each,
tough energy shielding and three STAR units.

Qui La Machinae, Marks XI56 and
X200 "Vaders"

The bane of mages everywhere, these legendary sanitiza-
tion vessels form the Void Engineers' combat force. Coated
with countermagickal Primium, set with sharp edges to dis-
courage large attackers, equipped to handle any Earth
environment and staffed by platoons of space marines, the
formidable Qui La Machine hover in when a virulent Node or
Chantry threatens the Masses' welfare. More often than not,
Qui La Machinze operate in the Penumbra, as they are spec-
tacularly vulgar and lack Deep Universe travel capability.

The more common X156 models measure a bit under 30
yards in length. Outfitted with three heavy Accelerated
Force Cannons and six lighter model cannons, one PAD
unit and two Ectoplasmic Disrupters, these units sweep
Quintessence into large storage batteries through cross-
Gauntlet procedures (see "Common Effects, Prime" above).
In addition to armor effectively worth a six Health Level
"soak," X156 hulls can take 10 additional Health Levels in
damage before giving way, and deduct three successes from
any magick, Gifts or Charms used against them or their
crews. Each ship sports a full sensor array (level one of each
Sphere; roll six dice against difficulty 6 to scan), communi-
cations equipment, life support and a phasing capability

54 Technocracy: Void Engineers

that allows it to cross the Gauntlet (Spirit 4) if necessary.
X156s require at least three Enlightened crewmen to oper-
ate all systems and often carry another two as backup in

addition to 20 to 30 acolyte marines and eight technicians.
X200s, sometimes called "Vaders," are a newer, more
expensive version of the "classic" Qui La Machina. Larger
than its forebears — it measures close to 50 yards from end
to end — this Quintessence-eating dreadnought mounts
two batteries of three large Force Cannons each in addition
to eight smaller guns, two Ectoplasmic Disrupters, three
PAD collectors, sensors, communications and an experi-
mental countermagickal force field (subtracts two successes
from any magickal attack used against the ship). The hull is
every bit as strong as the X156's own, and Primium-rein-
forced as well (see above). Each X200 carries 50 marines, 10
technicians, and a minimum Awakened crew of five.
Sadly (or fortunately), the X200 still has design bugs.
The force field works about 50% of the time, kicking off at
odd moments. The phase generators have trouble opening
an extradimensional gate large enough for the whole ship —
one Vader was cut in half by a sudden backlash and the stern
was lost (as were the personnel on the wrong side of the
ship). Without a steady stream of Quintessence, a Vader
quickly runs out of fuel. Despite these drawbacks, the X200

seems to be the Quintessence assault vehicle of the future.

Quantum Otility Electro Somatic
Transport (QUEST)

Created through collaboration with Iteration X and the
Progenitors, a QUEST hamesses functional human brains to
acomputer network which controls a one-passenger Univer-
sal craft. These brains provide companionship for the Void
Engineer, who would normally spend months completely
alone in the Great Deep, and produces a ship with the
emergency capability of making decisions and functioning
without directives. In theory, these solo exploration vessels
should reveal great secrets about remote locations. In prac-
tice, the QUEST experiments are far too recent to yield
comforting results.

The human brains destined for a QUEST come from
bodies incapable of functioningoreven communicating. Quad-
riplegics and patients with extreme cerebral palsy are frequent
transplant subjects. The brain is removed from the useless body
and tested for cognitive abilities. If the person is definitely
capable of complex thought, a FACADE Engineer preserves
the brain in a nutrient bath, then transfers it to a Biomechanic
of Iteration X. The Biomechanic wires the brain for interface
and installs it in a protective casing at the center of the ship.
The "individual" then undergoes a great deal of training and
mental conditioning to better handle its new "body."

Normally, the New World Order oversees the basic
conditioning and then tums it over to the Enforcement
Training and Conditioning Agency (ETCA) for advanced


tecknological training. Most advanced training consists of
navigation, computer systems and engineering. Some of the
more sophisticated QUESTs, particularly those used for
extremely long exploratory missions, are equipped with
robotic "hands" which they can use to enact repairs or first
aid. All QUESTS possess a fair amount of weaponry, mostly
Force Cannons designed to make fast strikes and to allow
the QUEST an escape route. QUESTs are not designed to
go toe-to-toe in pitched battle.

IVD,

Unbeknownst to the New World Order, the ETCA
"teprograms" QUEST minds to be loyal to the Void Engi-
neers. In an effort to control the ships themselves, each
QUEST mind has secret directives known only to the NSC
Sanitizers who condition them — if even to them. Even the
pilots' sanity should be suspect after a long journey, as the
NSC has yet to declassify the real effects of long-term
exposure to Deep Space isolation, during which pilots have
the opportunity to speak only to disembodied minds.

Battle Roster

...what we have here is a case of metaphor gone
mad. From the proposition that humans are in
some respects like machines, we move to the
proposition that humans are little else but ma-
chines and, finally, that human beings are
machines. And then, inevitably...to the proposi-
tion that machines are human beings

(A) — Neil Postman, Technopoly

The Void Engineers constitute the most
diverse lot within the Technocracy. All the same, some
general statistics can help the Storyteller geta handle on the
marines, scientists and deep-sea explorers her players might
encounter.

In general, moderate-level Technomancers have the
following character creation statistics: Attributes 7/5/3,
Abilities 13/9/5, Backgrounds 5, Willpower 5, Spheres 6,
Arete 1-3

Their older, more experienced colleagues tend to fol-
low this template: Attributes 8/6/4, Abilities 19/10/5,
Backgrounds 7, Willpower 6, Spheres 8-15, Arete 4-6.

The true masters within this Convention spend nearly
all their time in the Deep Universe, working on theories and
Devices to advance humanity — or at least the Void
Engineers — to unparalleled heights. Such Great Old Mas-
ters tend to have low physical statistics but awesome
command of the Spheres. Perhaps these otherworldly beings
constitute the rumored Oracles who command Realms in
the Deep Umbra, or perhaps their existence is only a rumor,
the truth of which many a younger Engineer hopes to
discover in her travels.

Students

First and second year Academy Students are taught
basic tecknology. First years are evaluated for their aptitudes
and placed in a projected program file. From there, they
receive a carefully controlled Enlightenment (Awakening)
if they are not already Enlightened, an overview of
tecknological theory and the rudiments of reality manipula-
tion. Second year students learn low levels of Dimensional
Science, how to perceive violations of the Gauntlet and

how to strengthen it, at least briefly. After leaving the
Academy to join their mentors' labs, students gain low
levels of those Spheres most useful for their chosen fields.
Enforcers study Forces, Sanitizers learn Mind, R&E design-
ers study Matter and Dimensional Science, and explorers
develop Correspondence, Dimensional Science or both.

Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 10/6/3, Backgrounds 2,
Willpower 4, Spheres 3, Arete 1-2.

RSE Scientists

The engineers of new tecknology, RGE scientists tend
to master the Spheres of Dimensional Science, Matter and
Forces, particularly since most of what they work with is
electronic. Most attain moderate levels in their Spheres,
though some whiz kids master one or two early on. In time,
these designers develop the tecknology that others will use.

Investigators (Earth Frontier

Division and Pan-Dimensional

Corps)

The members of the EFD and PDC tend towards one of
two areas: hard science or hard exploration. Hard scientists

specialize in Matter, Forces and Correspondence and excel
at Mental Attributes and Knowledges. Hard explorers spe-
cialize in Correspondence and Dimensional Science and
excel at Physical Attributes, Talents and Skills. The latter
become the Technocratic Union's true Masters of Dimen-
sional Science. Most investigators and explorers have a
faraway look about them, as if material concerns were
shadows obstructing their real goals.

Security (Border Corps Division)
These individuals manage the enforcement and secu-
rity teams, most sharing a background in the military, law
enforcement or psychology. Their Spheres vary from spe-
cializations in Forces (heavy weapons) to Mind (inspiring
soldiers) to Life (physical enhancement of soldiers). Among
the ranks, these hardy mages have a well-earned reputation
for quick action, severe dispositions and violent tendencies.

Chapter Three: Voidtech 55


As one would expect, BCD Technomancers stress physi-
cal- and combat-oriented Traits over intellectual ones. This
isn't to say that they're stupid

quite the opposit en the
toughest of them realize that the right knowledge can be more
effective than a shoulder-fired missile. When the future of
humanity rests on your shoulders, any weapon will do.

Neutralization Specialist Corps

Members ofthe NSC clean up after supernatural events,
whether they be UFO sightings or demon-possessed houses
in Massachusetts. They work closely with the New World
Order and have picked up some of their Mind manipulation
tricks, although most can also erase physical evidence of any
kind with Matter and Forces. These "ghostbusters" special-
ize in Dimensional Science, not for travel, but for
permanently banishing ghosts, demons and other spirits

Experienced members of the NSC realize both that
brute

trength will not do much good against Marauder-
inspired madness or demonic possession and that an overly

intellectual Technomancer might be too tempted to study
an alien manifestation that really should be obliterated
Accordingly, Perception, Firearms and Dexterity-based
Traits are this division's specialty. Most NSC members also
have a slightly haunted look about them, as if they expect
something to materialize over their shoulders and carry
them away. Perhaps they have seen too much

Technocracy: Void Engineers

The On-Enlightened
Who Serve

All Void Engineer acolytes are the créme de la créme of
the munda

es — intelligent, imaginative and capable.
Anyone can be trained to mix test tubes or flip switches;
Void Engineer acolytes might encounter harrowing, life-or-

death situations on a daily basis and must be able to think
clearly and quic

ly enough to make sound executive deci-
sions. When a second's hesitation means death in space,
these acolytes must rise to responsibilities beyond those of
simple, mind-numbed slaves. Most Technomancers outside
the Convention cannot tell un-Enlightened Engineers from
mundanes, and most inside don't feel that the distinction
counts for much. Thus, as many acolytes can use Void
Engineer tecknologies anyway, the ability to mold reality by
will alone becomes unimportant. Character, judgment and
skill are all thar matter to most Engineers.

Technicians

These people are scientists and secretaries, research
assistants and go-fers — acolytes who help the Engineers'
research, bureaucracy, P.R. and material management. Some
individuals who fall under the Technician category have no
idea for whom they are working or exactly what they are
doing. Others know, simply be

ause their workload in-

volves Deep Universal laboratory Constructs. These are the
rarely acknowledged thinkers, the underappreciated right
hands

Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5, Backgrounds 5,
Willpower 5.

(Assume Attribute ratings of 2, except for Mental
ratings, which are usually at least 3. The Void Engineers do
not employ stupid, careless, or witless assistants.)

Marines

These are the military backup of the Void Engineers.
Contrary to popular opinion, marines are rarely just dumb
grunts who throw themselves into the line of fire. These highly
intelligent young men and women usually have some college
education or training in a combat-useful field. Marines must
also be able to use the tecknological devices at their disposal,
understand the information their superiors give them, stay cool
under unearthly experiences and kill on command. Before
assignment, these consors are schooled in tactics, hand-to-
hand combat, melee, firearms and heavy weapons.

Attributes: 8/6/4, Abilities 15/10/6, Backgrounds 5,
Willpower 5.

Living Entity Reality Modulator
Onit (LERMO)

Notall Void Engineers are human. Although the Inner

Circle disapproves of the practice, the explorers maintain
that certain voyages are too hazardous for humans to under-
take. Thus, R&E, with some help from the Progenitors, have

"manufactured" artificial lifeforms for dangerous missions.

What the other Conventions don't realize is that these
constructs, called LERMUs, are far from mindless drones
The "designers" have made secret pacts with spirit entities,
granting them physical bodies in return for data and simple
service. Naturally, these beings have agendas of their own.
The scientists responsible for Project LERMU feel that the
progress reports are worth the possible dangers. LERMUsare
simply monitored; so long as they keep their deeds to

occasional "indiscretions" that can be easily covered up, the
Engineers are satisfied with the arrangement.

Most LERMUs are designed to resemble humanoids,
unless another shape would be more useful. This humanoid
form, however, is rudimentary at best. The most common
ones stand around four feet tall, with slender limbs and an
oversized head. The entities who agree to work in these
devices insist that at least one sensory organ — usually the
eyes — be extremely sensitive. Therefore, their eyes tend to
dominate an otherwise featureless face.

These constructs are usually the crash test dummies of
the Void Engineer world, running test flights of new Univer-
sal craft. Unfortunately, they havea tendency toward mischief
and enjoy taking the Universal craft into the Near Universe
and sometimes into the mundane world. Only in the 1940s
did the Sanitizers realize the extent of the mischief some
LERMUs were creating — not just flybys but landings and
even abductions. The NSC was unable to slow down the
radical UFO trend until the mid-1950s, when the TSEAC
gave the order to cut the size of the construct pool drastically
and test runs began to be more carefully monitored. Project
LERMU has proceeded with only minor hitches since...

Not all "alien visitations" can be chalked up to Project
LERMU,; as the Void Engineers well know, a number of
enigmatic entities, sometimes called Ka Luon in ancient
manuscripts, occasionally visit remote locations for un-
known purposes. Although various Engineers have
encountered these mysterious beings' craft, the Ka Luon
themselves remain unseen — or at least unrecorded.

LERMU constructs have a certain aptitude for True
Magick. Most specialize in Spirit, Correspondence and
Matter, although some have a unique fascination with Life.
This talent does not grant the LERMU an immunity to
Paradox. Quite the opposite — nothing they do appears
coincidental! For all the Void Engineers' boasting, their
"pets" may have other, less-documented aptitudes, ones
even the TSEAC is unaware of.

Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5, Backgrounds 5,
Willpower 5, Spheres 4-8, Arete 3-5.

Chapter Three: Voidtech 57

ID.



Chapter Four:
Anastasia

XIS6-B53

But men were here now to end the darkness

— Ursula K. LeGuin, The Word for World is Forest

An ominous whine signals the approach of
the dreaded Umbral dreadnaut known as the
Qui La Machine — the Technocracy's Um-
bral sanitizer craft. Insectine masses of
antennae, blades, guns and scanners, such
ships were designed to terrorize opponents

while siphoning Prime Force into massiv
storage batteries. In the nearly 60 years since

their inception, these warships have been
upgraded to suit the increasingly complex and savage nature
of the Ascension Conflict

Not long ago, the Yenosia Horizon Construct of Null-
B stood as a formidable testament to Technocratic might
(see The Book of Chantries, Chapter Two). Internal
dissension and an endless Marauder siege, however, have
brought Null-B to near-ruin. Anastasia X156-B58, the latest
in a long line of warships stationed at Null-B, resists its
Construct's fate. Under their charismatic captain Carey
Bassette, the marines who man the Anastasia defend Null-

B and occasionally venture forth on missions to sanitize
troublesome Nodes and remove them from reality deviants'
hands. Even under Bassette's guidance, however, the crew
cannot escape the curse that drags Null-B's fortunes down.

Chapter Four: Anastasia X156-B58 59


%

The Crew

Like most of Null-B's personnel, the
Anastasia's crew, mage and mundane alike,
have been bitterly seasoned. The careless or
inexperienced have been killed or carried
away by Marauders and hostile spirits until
only a skeleton crew remains. Each of these
individuals, however, has combat savvy, a

strong will and survival instincts. On the
occasions where the Designers of a Better
Future (a Null-B amalgam) get word of a potentially harmful
Node on Earth or around the Realm, they send the Anastasia
This notoriety both pleases and troubles her crew.

The Anastasia's regular complement consists of three
Technomancers and 30 un-Enlightened technicians and
marines. Especially difficult missions see her staff beefed up
to five mages and 40 acolytes, but the Construct can't often
spare that kind of manpower. Captain Bassette takes up the
slack with cunning tactics, intimidation and subterfuge.
Casualties are hard for her to replace, and each death takes
a little bit of her with it.

On the whole, this warship's crew fits the stereotype of
the hard-drinking veterans. Each member is somewhere
along his four-year tour of dut
practice their skills, party, repair the ship and dream of
hom

In their spare time, they

ior the most part, they mind their manners and tread
carefully, especially around the commanding amalgam, the
Advocates. These are hard times for Null-B, and trouble-
makers sometimes get shipped off in the hideous prison

spheres to die alone in the Deep Universe. Only one

Anastasia crewman has met such a fate so far; Captain

Bassette takes better care of her shipmates these days.

Technomancer Staff

As "field grunts," none of the mages aboard the warship
officially "belongs" to a Null-B amalgam. Instead, they're
considered "rotating personnel" and have little say in Con-
struct matters. This really annoys Bassette and the
Sandman — both feel that the Anastasia pays the price for
amalgam politics.

Regardless of position, each one of the Anastasia's
Enlightened officers knows combat procedures and military
skills. If Bassette goes down, any of the others can take the
captain's seat. Not that any of them would, mind you..

Technocracy: Void Engineers

Captain Carey Bassette

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Director

Essence: Pattern

Methodology: Border Corps Division

Attributes (with nanotech adds): Strength 4/5, Dexterity 3/5,
Stamina 4, Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3,
Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empa-
thy 3, Firearms 4, First Aid 3, Heavy Weapons 4, Melee 4,
Leadership 3, Repair 2
Cosmology 2, Languages 2, Occult 2, Science 2

irvival 3, Technology 3, Computers 3,

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Avatar 3, Talisman 4 (gun & glasses)
Arete: 3
Spheres:
Quintessence: 7

Forces 3, Mind 3, Prime 2

Willpower: 5
Paradox: 3
History: Science fiction and fantasy fascinated young
Carey, a tomboy growing up in eastern Tennessee. Al-
though her family life could never be described as rosy, it
was the lot of the other girls — cooking, cleaning, oc

a
sional beatings — that inspired her to beat boys at their

own games. Always a bit short, she compensated by keep-

ing an even temper and learning all she could about
machines, drinking and fighting. Never reckless, she con-
quered obstacles through cunning, strength and brains. By
19, she'd left Tennessee for good.


The army provided opportunities to travel, and Carey
never refused. Germany, Okinawa, Panama — each place
added some new challenge to Lt. Bassette's portfolio. Oscar
Hamilton, an NWO supervisor, met Carey during Noriega's

overthrow, and the two became, if not friends, than at least
mutual admirers. To the Tennessian, Hamilton carried a
mystique she couldn't resist. When he invited her along for

a "special mission," the young officer went AWOL — and

discovered the Technocracy

Fora time, she worked as fire support for the NWO; ata
meeting, she encountered Hamilton's comrade Emmett
Morrison. Their affair lasted less than three months, but it
introduced her to the Void Engineers, whose restlessness
matched her own. Soon after transferring to the Boarder
Corps, Carey Awakened during a vicious battle with
Dreamspeakers and Garou. The fight left the soldier hating
these "reality terrorists," and her battlefield promotions (and
Morrison) brought her, in 1992, to the Anastasia's command.

That's when things went sour; Morrison, feeling re-
jected, sent Carey on suicide missions and refused her
transfer requests. Although his superiors soon clamped
down on that, he still does what he can to make Bassette's
life miserable. The Marauder attacks intensified, and soon
only the Anastasia remained in commission. Although two
"sister ships" soon filled the gap, Captain Ba:
name for herself during that lonely time. Hamilton, con-

ette made a

vinced that Carey has a special touch, orders the ship off on
sanitization missions outside the Realm but always demands
they return. So far, Captain Bassette has kept a tight ship
and her own sanity while fulfilling her mission goals. Even
so, she's not convinced that her luck will last. Deep inside,
Captain Bas

abandon her crew, however, so for now she follows orders.

ette wants to leave Yenosia. She isn't willing to

Image: The Captain stands about 5'4" with short brown
hair, gray eyes and pale skin. Her figure is soft and very
feminine, but packs solid muscle underneath. Though in her
mid-30s, she appears 10 years younger. Despite her unassuming
appearance, Captain Bassette radiates confidence and author-
ity whenever she speaks. Her glasses double as lifesign/ energy
scanners with a heads-up targeting display, and the newest
Progenitor nanotech systems allow her to increase her speed,

and heal one
Health Level's worth of damage every two turns. Even while

dexterity and strength for short periods of time

relaxing, she keeps her favorite blaster close at hand.

Roleplaying Tips: You have a powerful voice that
modulates easily from soft and shy to booming, and you use
it often. Since childhood, you've been forced to prove
yourself against your size and gender. Even under stress, you
cultivate a confident air; in your position, authority means
everything. Responsibilities are important to you, and each
member of your crew is an acquaintances if not a friend.
Their welfare is a priority second only to your orders. This
is beginning to become a real conflict — if only the orders
made more sense!

Michael Sandler ("The Sandman")

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Essence: Dynamic

Methodology: Research and Execution

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 5,
Wits 3

Abilities: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Empathy 1, Etiquette 5,
Firearms 2, Heavy Weapons 2, Technology 4, Computers 5,
Cosmology 3, Electronics 5, Occult 2, Science 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Avatar 1, Dream 3, Talisman 4 (gun
& gadgets)

Arete: 4

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Dimensional Science 3, Forces 3,
Matter 3, Prime 2

Willpower: 6
Quintessence: 2
Paradox: 2

History: Mike was a young Net-junkie well before it
s fashionable. He cruised it like a pro by the time he made
it to high school and soon attracted a lot of attention for his
interest and abilities. By the time he moved on to college, a

wa

fascinated Void Engineer recruiter cut in on the several
Virtual Adepts who were cruising him and pulled him into
an apprenticeship in the R&E division (though the Sand-
man prefe "Research and Engineering"
rather than "Research and Execution")

storefertohisarea

Despite his youth, the Sandman has becomea respected
scientist. This status lets him get away with a bit of eccentric
behavior — like his nickname. An electrical engineer of
some note, he produces some of the best scanners in the

Chapter Four: Anastasia X156-B58 61

IRV


NO Ail

NZ

business, and specializes in VR external interfaces and
combinations of Iteration X components and Void Engi-
neer tecknology. He's dabbled in just about everything,
knows just about everyone, and has an amazing knack for
coming out on top. His ability to extract funding from the
Syndicate is legendary.

Sandman met Captain Bassette during a nasty fight in
his Null-B lab. The two did not, at first, get along at all.
When he requested a transfer off-station, Emmett Morrison

(in another bid to irritate Bassette) commissioned him to

take over as the Anastasia's chief technician instead. The

older Engineer figured that close proximity would drive

Bassette and Sandman to distraction. Instead, they became
close friends. If the Captain were to fall, most crewmen
would look to Sandman to take her place. In the meantime,
he operates the Prime Absorption Devices and maintains
the weaponry and power drives

The Sandman keeps two private laboratory spaces: a
large lab in Null-B's "gray building" and a smaller shop on
board ship. Both places are organized chaos, full of electrical
parts, computer cards and materials for homebrewing parts
and chips. Sandman still cruises the Net, and even has
covert contacts among the Virtual Adepts and Sons of
Ether. In fact, he belongs to the Antithesis conspiracy that
periodically leaks information from the NWO and Syndi-
cate to the Conventions. Not even Captain Bassette knows
the Sandman's secret.

Image: Roughly 5'8", Sandman is in his mid-20s. His
short black hair lays perfectly smooth and never seems to

move; he wears glasses and often sports a well-trimmed
andman is either
His most distin-
guishing feature, however, is his easy-going manner and

goatee. Depending on who you ask, S

"solidly built" or "damned overweight.

eternal, friendly smile.

Roleplaying Tips: Unless they prove otherwise, every-
one is your friend. You'll try to do anything to help those who
go to the extra effort to return your friendship. Some folks

mistake your happiness for sarcasm, but you're good-naturedly
ally does.

determined that everything will go your way. It us

Dr. Sheila Devries "Brown
Dwarf")

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Visionary

Essence Questing

Methodology: Pan-Dimensional Corps (barabbi)
Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Subterfuge 4, Etiquette 1,
Firearms 2, Pilot 2, Technology 4, Computers 4, Cosmology 3,
Enigmas 3, Languages 2, Medicine 4, Science 5

62 Technocracy: Void Engineers

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Avatar 3, Mentor 3 (Yaqubal-Iblisi,
Nephandus Master)

Arete: 4

Spheres: Dimensional Science 3, Forces 3, Life 3, Matter 3,

Prime 2
Quintessence: 8
Willpower: 6
Paradox: |

History: Sheila's interest in planetary dynamics began
with the death of her father in a Latin American earth-
quake. She was just young enough not to realize that these
things do happen, and old enough to determine that she was
going to learn how to control the planet. Devries acquired
her schooling through guts and determination, bulling her
way through Los Angeles' inner city high schools. Every
tremor that shook her home reminded her of her goal. She
finished her bachelor's degree in geology at UCLA and went
on to CalTech for her graduate studies; there, she encoun-
Shawnna McFionn, who piqued
onvincing her that if one could

tered her first mentor, Dr.

Sheila's interest in stars by

control a star, a planet was an easy matter

After her Enlightenment, Sheila joined the ranks of an
astronomical study co-op and worked for several years at the
Dark Side Moon Base before joining a DET. On her first
Deep Universe exploration mission, her ship was devastated
by Marauders. She was the only person to make it back alive.
Found wandering in the desert wastes outside the Yenosia
Construct, Sheila quickly recovered and took on an assign-
ment with Null-B's defense force. She claims that her
attackers freed her during a scrap with a Null-B patrol boat.

Inactuality, Devries was rescued bya group of Nephandi,
who twisted her longing for power over the planets and stars.
As the NSC has shown considerable interest in her mental


health, Sheila carries a deep-cover agenda even their probes
cannot detect. She serves her true friends slowly and subtly,
and seems more intense, determined and productive than
ever before.

Devries and the Captain do not get along. Although
she handles her duties well, Sheila's stubbornness clashes
with Carey's sense of command. The Sandman provides a
buffer when he can. The two women handle their differ-
ences in private — it would not do to have outsiders getting
involved — but neither one would cry at the other's funeral,
if she attended at all. Aboard the warship, Dr. Devries
handles PADs, navigation and sensor watch, and doubles as
istant medical officer. To her, the new post is beneath
iderable talents. When the Anastasia is off-duty, she
a few students (mostly mundanes) about the won-
ders of the stars.

teaches

Dr. Devries specializes in what she considers to be the

most underestimated forces in the universe: the dwarf stars.

She appreciates things that are small and powerful, like

herself. White, red and brown dwarf stars, she maintains, are

immense reserves of endurance and potential. She regularly
cites dwarf companion nova activity as an example. Perhaps
her allies have taught her something about dwarf stars she's
not telling...

Image: Dr. Devries is a handsome black woman in her
early 40s, standing about 4'10" in height. Her hair is short and
easily maintained, though she changes the style constantly
She hasa very determined walk, stance and set to her jaw. Her
voice is firm and well-enunciated with the vaguest hint of
what might have once been a Jamaican accent.

Roleplaying Tips: You speak rarely, but when you do,
it is succinct. You're curt with everyone but your students,
with whom you wax rhapsodic about stellar dynamics. You
do have a sense of humor, but it's sharp, sarcastic and often
ating (your height is one of your favorite jokes,
hence the pseudonym "Brown Dwarf").

On-Enlightened
Contingent

While technically "acolyte
the space marines and technicians aboard the Anastasia rate

self-depre

"in Tradition terminology,

a fair cut above mere "servants." Hardened by battle and the
hardships of the Realm, these men and women take no shit
from anyone short of a ranking Technomancer, and are
perfectly capable of demanding respect at gunpoint. Aside
from the PADs, drives and Quantum Field Inverters, the
crew members may employ any advanced Device aboard
once it has been activated. Thus, while the ship requires
Enlightened personnel to power up, once it's underway, any
Engineer with the proper training can pilot it, fire its guns
and control its defensive systems.

The Anastasia veterans rate a bit better than standard
space marines. Assume they have Physical rating of 4 or 5,

Mental ratings of 3 (better for technicians) and two to four

dots each in Carousing, Melee, Firearms, Survival and
Technology. Although they've got an unruly streak, respect
for the Captain and the memory of Darren McAllister (the
crewman exiled in the prison sphere) keeps them in line. On
duty, they're a loyal bunch. When they leave the Realm,
these veterans tend to raise as much hell as they can —
especially if they've been sent against Marauders. Although
cautious of the Mad Ones' power, the Anastasia's crewmen
gladly take any opportunity to av
dead or mad. After all they've been through, who could

nge friends gone missing,

blame them for becoming paranoid or cruel?

Colette Sheridan ("Piper")

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Loner
Methodology:
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,

Pan-Dimensional Corps

Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Dodge 2, Search 4, Crafts 3, Drive 4,
First Aid 3, Pilot 5, Stealth 3, Astronomy 3, Computers 4,
Engineering 3, Navigation 5, Science 4

Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Talisman 3 (gun)
Willpower: 7

History: Piper has been a part of the Void Engineers for years.
Somany years, in fact, that not many people actually remember her
joining the Convention. She is, however, basically a quiet indi-
vidual and may have managed to slip into the ranks virtually
unnoticed. Atany rate, she'san excellentpilot, particularly in combat
ndis very familiar with many Son of Ether vessel

situations,

Chapter Four: Anastasia X156-B58 63

NK


NO Ail

According to her own stories, she spent many years as
an exploration pilot, flying alone. Although un-Enlight-
ignments and always carried
them through. Her records indicate that superiors suspect
her of magickal potential, but no one has ever seen her use
orstudy PFT'. A teranear-fatal encounter witha Nephandic
war party, however, she quit the transport corps and ended
up at Yenosia. If her new assignment bothers her, she never
protest:

ened, she won many solo

Although they're not close, Captain Bassette is quite
fond of her pilot. Piper and the Sandman have a friendly
working relationship, but she has made it clear that she
prefers to remain a mystery. Any attempt, covert or not, to

pierce her self-imposed veil will cause her to quit. This,

naturally, makes hera target for the Advocat rutiny, but
so far, all the surveillance devices they've had planted in her
quarters have mysteriously stopped working.

Image: Piper looks to be in her late 30s or early 40s
She's about 5'6" and stocky, with short, iron gray hair and
wire-rimmed granny glasses that sit low on her nose. A thin
but noticeable scar runs from her left temple to her jaw. She

normally wears faded, patched blue jeans and T-shirts unless
she's on a combat run, when she wears the uniform ionic
jumpsuit.

Roleplaying Tips: You're genial but laconic, preferring
to listen to the goings-on than participate. However, you
have a habit of whistling melodically when you're piloting
Constantly. Very well, but constantly.

Sgt. Jonathan Braxter

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Director

Methodology: Boarder Corps Division

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Heavy
Weapons 4, Leadership 4, Meditation 3, Melee 3, First Aid 3,
Survival 4, Technology 3, Computers 3, Cosmology 2,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Talisman 4 (gun & gadgets)
Willpower: 6

History: A practicing Buddhist, Jonathan came from a
military home in Nebraska. His father, a West Point honors
graduate, instilled the boy with a sense of honor and an
image of the warrior as protector of the weak
Braxter has tried to live up to ever since.

an image

Technocracy: Void Engineers

Like his father, Braxter graduated with honors and
went on to command a sweep-up platoon in Operation
Desert Storm. The nasty side of the conflict sickened the
young man, and he resigned his commission at the first
opportunity. Police work seemed like Jonathan's only op-
tion until a Void Engineer spotter noticed his records and
offered him a new kind of post — one where his devotion to
others' welfare would come in handy.

Image: A tall and stocky black man in his late 20s, Sgt
Braxter radiates a powerful charisma — an impression he
can back up with force if need be. For the most part, Braxter
prefers to avoid physical confrontations; he has nothing to
prove,

nd can out-think or intimidate troublemakers with-

out having to hurt anyone. Out of tradition, he shaves most
ofhishead but wears samurai-style topknot. When he's not
in uniform, the sergeant often wears loose robes with intri-
cate Chinese designs. Nobody dares kid him about his taste
in leisure wear. Despite his combat savvy, Braxter smiles
e

ly and speaks with a soothing bass rumble. Only when
things get nasty does he show his warrior's face —a grim and
angry visage which mirrors the twisted horrors he has seen.

Roleplaying Notes: You're not just a fighter — you're
amoder knight protecting the helpless and innocent. Hey,
anybody with decency would do the same thing in your
position; you've seen the threats that wait just outside of
mortal sight yourself. Cultivate your inner peace. God
knows you need it out here!


The Ship

Anastasia X156-B58 combines a recently-
renovated hull, salvaged Devices and a few

nd-

custom modifications courtesy of the
man. Although badly damaged, she has
never been completely totalled as of yet
Anastasia has

Like many of her line, the
been upgraded several times. As R&E cre-
ates new breakthroughs and reality deviants

create more hazards, the Engineers' warfleet
undergoes constant ship-by-ship renovation. It can be
honestly said that no two Qui La Machine are the same

Perpetual upgrades and cost-efficiency demand that
the Devices within the ships themselves remain modular.
When one craft is damaged, all usable parts are trans-
ferred over to another whenever possible. Nothing is
wasted. The alloys are melted down and re-used via
Matter procedures, especially the valuable Primium which
makes the craft magick-resistant. With so many over-
hauls, most commanders are allowed a certain amount of
leeway when redesigning their own ships. After all, a bit

of variation — so long as the proper authorities know
what to expect — keeps an enemy off-balance. Predict-

ability is a flaw the Void Engineers dislike.

,

=

NZ

This particular Qui La Machin boasts extra Primium
shielding, overhauled sensor arrays and a nasty electronic
cannon in addition to the usual gear an X156 employs.
Dr. Devries, with her Matter affinities, has seen to it that
all damages have been well-repaired. Although it's been

through several kinds of hell, the Anastasia packs a bigger
punch than many of her counterparts. Her crew is just the

beginning.

History

Christened after her designer's daughter, the Anastasia's
chronicle began nearly 10 years ago. Like all QuiLa Machine,
she was constructed in an Earthbound facility and phased
through the Gauntlet with Dimensional Science tecknology.
Stationed in an Umbral hanger at Null-B's Philadelphia
aspect, she took part in a large-scale operation to weed Ecstasy
Cultists out of the city. It's said she sanitized the Liberty Bell
itself duringa protest gathering, dispersing the rabble, but that
may be an embellishment. During a battle with a nexus

crawler, however, she sustained terrible damages. She would

have been decommissioned then, but Emmett Morrison, the
ship's commander at the time, brought her to Null-B itself for

V

Ss

Chapter Four: Anastasia X156-B58 65

NO Ail

IZ

extensive repairs. Using the odd soil of Yenosia, heand several
allies rebuilt her hull and re-fitted her with fresh Devices. By
the time Morrison was satisfied, he had been promoted. As a
gift, he gave the ship's command to Carey Bassette

The worsening problems around Yenosia reflected the
relationship's downward spiral. Even Morrison had to
admit, however, that Bassette was a gifted captain. With
that as an excuse, he sent his former lover on dangerous
missions. The ship which evolved from those skirmishes
bears little resemblance to the original Anastasia. In many
ways, however, she's far better for the change

Layout

From the outside, the ship resembles a large metallic
insect, 85 feet long and bristling with barbs, guns and
antennae. Two large blast doors open to admit the crew,

and a third smaller door (effectively sealed with a

technomagickal Ward against anyone except Bassett

Sandman and Devries) gives access to the maintenance
corridor. Four large AFC cannons, two on each side, run
along the hull, three smaller AFCs cover the top and
bottom, and a large electrical cannon (see below) juts

from the Anastasia's "face," just under a bank of rein-
forced visionport "eyes
Inside, a large ready room with st

gives way to a series of hallways leading to weapon

ap-in shock couches

centers, equipment lockers, consoles and quarters. Two

separate bunk areas designate the marines and techni-
cians, with four additional rooms for the Captain,

Sandman, Dr. Devries and Sgt. Braxter. Although Piper
s supposed to sleep in the technicians' bunk, she often

curls up in a storage locker. A mess room, kitchen, food

storage and entertainment array take up the difference.
Machinery takes up the majority of the room; every
place that does not seat people contains apparatus for the
various propulsion lifts, life support, Quintessence shunts,
power stores and weapon systems. The bridge, situated in
the "head," seats five comfortably, eight in a pinch. Three
escape RMUs (enough for half a full crew) run along the
bottom of the craft, flanked by gun and sensor arrays.
Like all Qui La Machina, the Anastasia floats on
powerful propulsion lift carpets; her landing gear retracts
into the hull when the ship becomes airborne. Under
most circumstances, such ships hover at a standard 50
kph, although they can go as fast as 100 kph for short
periods. Their normal power allotment lasts for two
short battles plus 30 days' travel.
drain power far more quickly and demand refueling stops
(i.e., draining a Node or two). Under most circum-

Larger engagements

stances, few Qui La Machine leave docking for more
than a week; the Anastasia's food and consumables

reflect those short journeys.


Ca

Equipment

In addition to the Devices mentioned below (see Chap-
ter Three for specifications), the Anastasia contains:

small-scale VR facilities, video screens and games for
entertainment and training simulations;

* powerful searchlights which can sweep around the
entire ship, full communications stations which can cross
Umbral channels if necessary, and tecknological sensors
which Sandman has upgraded (all Spheres, difficulty 5,
"Arete" 8)

¢ showers and commodes with waste reclamation systems;

¢ aniMPALA system which can camouflage the hull to
suit the ship's environment;

* two heavy-duty Prime Absorption Devices with cross-
Gauntlet ca

® Gauntlet phase systems (Dimensional Science 4),
which can bring the ship across in five minutes or less. This
is really vulgar and is almost never done; and

* an armory with 50 Class Three armored jackets (+3
to soak, +2 to Dexterity difficulties), 40 M-43 assault rifles
(treat as Large Assault Rifles), 10 automatic shotguns, 10S-
23 force rifles (Forces 3/ Prime 2, "Arete" 5, 25 shots),

several cases of Perimeter Alarms and grenades (12 dice of
damage, -1 per hex away from the blast center; range 15"),
two portable AFCs, two small BFGs, and plenty of ammo
and Medipacs.

Util ar (including
the ship itself) demands special training. No one may simply

ing any of the more sophisticated g

walk onto a warship and use its weaponry ot drive off with it,

Weaponry

In addition to the two Ecoplasmic Disrupter Cannons,

four large AFC cannons, six smaller AFCs and four twin fire-

linked .50 caliber machine gun nests (15 dice per turn,
difficulty 8), the Anastasia mounts a custom-built electron-
cannon which inflicts 10 dice of damage (difficulty 7). Once
hit a target, the operator can continue the

current, doing an additional eight dice per turn until the
power is turned off. This secondary damage does not require
a "to hit" roll, although the target may still try to soak it
On top of all of that, the barbed hull inflicts six dice of
damage to large creatures who grab the ship. This damage is
automatic until the being drops the craft. Needless to say,
few creatures can stand and fightagainst a Qui La Machine!

Chapter Four: Anastasia X156-B58 67

Defenses

Across the hull, the Anastasia soaks seven Health

Levels worth of damage; her countermagick subtracts four

Successes from any magickal attack against it. The windows
have been reinforced to give the bridge eight Health Levels
instead of seven. Attacks which penetrate these defenses
must score at least 11 successes to punch through the hull
itself. Note that attacks against different areas must get
through each section's armor.

Attacks in the same place may destroy the armor in that
location if they penetrate it (that is, if any gets through

after
the "soak"); each at

ack after the first removes one soak
level for every attack which penetrates.

The ship's scrambler systems can also disrupt any local
communications (normal or magickal) by scoring at least
three successes against difficulty 6. This must be rolled each
turn the Anastasia attempts to jam a transmission.

Technocracy: Void Engineers

Duties

For the most part, the Anastasia patrols the wasteland of
Yenosia on one-week tours, alternating with
parts Jasmine X156 B.
emerg

her counter-
and Clydesdale X156 B-14. In
ncies, like a large-scale Marauder r:
all three ships will scr:

aid, two or even
amble. For the remaining two weeks,
the crew is at the Designers of a Better Future's discretion

Every few weeks, some outside emergency — an uncov-
ered Nephandi Labyrinth, a Chantry raid, or some other
Earthbound or Umbral conflict — draws the Anastasia out
of the Null-B Realm. Although she cannot go beyond the
Horizon, she may run Earthside or even attack a Horizon
Realm if Null-B's commanders demand it. This b;

vattered
ship and her crew have a strong reputation as dedicated,
efficient veterans. Even some Tradition cabals

know their
names. When large-scale chaos thre:

tens, the Inner Circle
calls for the Anastasia. With its fortunes declining, Null-B
is only to happy to obli


Lexicon

BCD — Boarder Corps Division; the soldiers who
protect the world and the Engineers' interests.

"Between Space" — The Void Engineer name for
Paradox Realms, especially those caused by Spirit, Corre-
spondence or Time magicks.

"Big Joke" — The geeky facade the Engineers present
to the other Conventions to convince them that the explor-

ers remain orthodox Technomancers.
Celestial Masters — The group of astronomers who
founded the investigative half of wl

at would eventually
become the Void Engineers. Originally a separate Conven-
tion in the Renaissance, they combined with the Seekers of
the Void early in the Industrial Age.

CF — Cooperative Forces, aka Cannon Fodder; assistants
from other Technocracy groups, usually used as fire support.

Co-Op — A team of Engineers, usually from different
Methodologies, who work together on joint projects; ie., acabal.

Coordinator — Executive who oversees a co-op team.
Deep Universe — The Deep Umbra, ot deep space.
Away from the Earth's atmosphere (and Horizon), the
distinction between material reality and the Umbra gradu-

ally:disappeargand the:rwo become one."place*
Dimensional Science/DS — The secret Technocracy
conception of the Spirit Sphere, which uses quantum theo-
ries to its advantage.
DET — Deep! Exploration Team;-a:co-op which ex-
plores the outer reaches of the solar system and beyond.
DIMH — Descartes Institute of Mental Health; where

Engineers go to "get their minds back in order.
DSEATC — The Dimensional Science Evaluation,
Administration and Training Committee; the Convention's

executive board.

EFD — Earth Frontier Division; the Methodology
which explores the hidden places of the Earth. Personnel
usually cross-train and move through different co-ops within
the Division. Sub-groups include the Subterranean Explo-
ration Corps ("Groundhogs"), Aquatic Exploration Teams
("Aquanauts" or "Squids"), Cryoregional Specialists
("Snowdogs"), and Hydrothermal Botanical Mosaic Ana-
lysts ("Foresters" or "Weedwhackers").

Fluctuation Matrix/ Quantum Field Inverter —
Teleportation devices. A Fluctuation Matrix works within
material space only, while a Quantum Field Inverter works
between material space, Umbral outposts or Horizon Realms.

Gateway Travel — Faster-than-light travel which warps
through magickal wormholes to cross vast distances in space.

GENES — Genetically Enhanced Nautical Enforce-
ment Specialists; genetically-altered defense teams
customized to work in underwater environments.

[i aS ae,

THEET — Inaccessible High Elevation Exploration
Team; mountaineers who investigate odd rumors or distur-
bances in earthly mountains or rocky Realms.

iMPALA — Ionic Molecular Pigment Absorption
Level Adapter; a procedure (often built-in) which allows a
material to change colors on command.

Investigator — A research specialist.

LERMU — Living Entity Reality Modulator Unit;
custom-built "assistants" designed by Progenitor allies for
hazardous investigations.

NSC — Neutralization Specialist Corps; the Method-
ology charged with cleaning up alien intrusions, possessions
and internal "corruption." Sub-groups include field agents
(who quietly clean up messes), Neutralizers (who battle
spirits) and Sanitizers (who recondition insane Engineers
or prepare new recruits).

PAD — Prime Absorption Device; a machine used to
extract Quintessence from Nodes.

PDC — Pan-Dimensional Corps; Engineers who ex-
plore the various "dimensions" of the Umbral world, VR and
time itself. Sub-groups include the Cybernauts,
Chrononauts, the Autochthonia Research Corps, Deep
Exploration Teams, and Solar Exploration Teams.

PFT — Personally Fueled Tecknology, i
procedure which comes from the Technomanc
a Device.

R&E — Research and Execution; the Methodology
dedicated to advanced tecknology, Device creation and
new theories, navigation routes, tactical methods and PR

a magickal
not from

among the Masses.

RRF — Rapid Response Fore
handle emergencies.

a co-op scrambled to

Sanitization — The elimination of supernatural threats.
This may be done through mental conditioning, Node
conquest, or destruction.

Seekers of the Void — the wandering explorers who
formed the original core of the Convention.

Sentinel — Defense satellites which orbit the Earth in
both realspace and Umbral space.

STAR Unit — Quintessence collector units used by
Deep Universal craft.

Tecknology —Engineer term for their brand of magick.

Those Beyond — A common catch-all phrase for the
Nephandi, Marauders, their allies and perhaps even the
Oracles, who exist in the Deep Universe.

Universal Craft — Umbral exploration or battle ships.

Wanderers — Explorers who have sought out hidden
places since time began. The original basis for the Conven-
tion, they assumed the name "Seekers of the Voids" when
they joined forces in 1325.

Chapter Four: Anastasia X156-B58 69

JAC RENAIING
NATION

Garou Kinfolk.
Hedge magician.

Skin Dancer.

Supernatural terrorist.

From his humble beginnings as a werewolf-wannabe in
The Valkenburg Foundation,

he rises in power and guile to become

the most dangerous ‘mortal' on the planet.

White Wolf's most popular villain

returns for a cameo role in the

‘Storyteller's Handbook to the Sabbat,

messes with mages for the ultimate power in

The Book of Chantries,

seeks the secret of immortality from the vampires of

New Orleans by Night,

and joins forces with Pentex in all-out destructive glee

for a full-length adventure in

Rage Across the Amazon.

Chase Sam through five supplements and across three
game lines to his last, glorious stand in Mexico City.

The Chaos Factor

is designed for complete crossover compatiblity,

whether your players run vampires, werewolves, mages or
all three — even these mortal enemies

would rather kill him than each other.

BOOK
, YVORLDS

Book of Worlds and Mage: The Ascension

The Ascension

5 maT

ete

LE CRA ie ee
enema

FIVE YEARS AGO W HITE WOLF GAME STUDIOTURNED:
THE GAMING WORLD UPSIDE DOWN WITH THE RELEASE OF
VAMPIRE: ‘Tm MASQUERADE, THE BESTSELLING, CRITICALLY
ACCLAIMED STORYTELLING GAME OF PERSONAL HORROR.

NOW €XTERIENCE THE UNDEAD AT THE HEIGHT OF
THEIR POWER, VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES TAKES YOU TO THE
TWELFTH CENTURY, WHEN THE KINDRED RODE AS LORDS.
UNFETTERED BY ANY MASQUERADE, THEY BUILT KINGDOMS COMPATIBLE WITH

AND BATHED IN BLOOD. VAMPIRE? THE MASQUERADE,
s

GLORY AND TERROR AWAIT IN THE SHADOWS OF THE
PAST.BUT BEWARE, THE DARKNESS YOU NEED FEAR MOST IS THE WORLD of COMING IN SPRING, 1996
DARKNESS WITHIN YOURSELF.

THAT IS COMPLETELY

Vampire: The Masquerade is a Registered Trademark and Vampire: The Dark Ages is a Trademark of White Walfalné. All rights reserved.


€ Wa

Something's out there...

.. and the Void Engineers are sworn to track it, trace it, explore it, and, if need be,

wees | =eXterminate it.
—

Deep seas. Deep space. Alternate dimensions. Virtual reality. The places too odd
for most Technocracy agents are this Convention's playgrounds. The sense of wonder
that drives them, however, might also spell their destruction. All around, their enemies
gather — greedy for their si , jealous of their freedom. The ultimate peril, though,
might come from within. After all, can even the Engineers touch the stars without
getting burned?

All You Think You Know is Wrong.

Technocracy: Void Engineers is the fourth in the insider's-view series about the
Technomancer Conventions. This look at the Union's loosest cannons includes:

Details about the ships, Devices, weapons and mages who explore and defend the
hidden places.

¢ A detailed Umbral cruiser and its crew.

© Organization secrets, ranks, relationships and more.

CAME STUDIO

ISBN 1-56504-424
WW 4204 $10.00

Tl

= — 6
