# File: War in Concordia.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

THE SHEER dar EDDDEAN


D
Sag
™ ( S

RAICLAICKA ef

ar,
b )

| Credits From Jackie and Nicky both

A special thank-you to the posters on the White Wolf
Written by: Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea Changeling Forum. To 42!, abi_fin, Aethernaut, Almond,
Additional Material by: Beth Bostic, Carla Hollar © Arcanum_5, Arrus, Atog, Atropos, BEAU, Beccatoria,
and Christopher Howard beemanfunk, Black Raven, burko, Butterbean, Caerbhallain,
Developed by: Nicky Rea and Jackie Cassada CiaranMacNamara, "Charlie," dark_finnegan, dark_flame,
Edited by: Jeanée Ledoux dark_raven, Dazed and Amused, DeadReveille, Defender,

denia, Digital_Siddhartha, drake, drmorganes, Eidolon, Ethan,
Layout and Typesetting: Ron Thompson Fhengal pa ane rad
i . grymm, Guk y iver, ine, jonathan, jul atel,

an aes Chaney, Jeff Holt, Chris Howard and jwalduck, bergen, kl i. Kiser, Rokropelli, Kester, Lady
ane 3 Vert, Lemminkiainen, Lofwyr, Lérindol, Lotuse, Loumen,
Front Cover Art: Richard Thomas magician, mattboggan, Max_Raven, Medreut, MistyPaw,
Moah, Moirae, MonkeyBoy, Nestafari, Nick, Nightstorm,
notdeadyet, oimoi, OneKarl, Oregano, osiris, paeryn, Per-
egrine, Rael, Random Pooka, Randy, Ravens_Wrath,

oe Jackie , — ReverendRumbleFish, Roger, Sargon, ShadowFae, Shaith,
Tothe memory of my mother, PaulaSanchez Cassada, sirjai, Sister_Spooky, Smedley, Smiling_Lord, Smith,

1923-2000, whose courage and persistence has inspired — SmoothCoatlsDead, Stranger156, Terbak, the_dark,
me throughout my life. Vaya con Dios, mi mamé y mi The_Mess, The_Mushroom_god, The-Quickly-Who,

Art Direction: Richard Thomas

Auchor''s Dedicacion

[2>

ad

OG
2S)

(K

hy PEERHOR: ; theagates, Thpan, Tsallak, Valley Dweller, Vincent, Vonether,
WN From Nicky walks-with-grace, Walla, Watson, WitchHunter, Wraithos,
To Mike Tinney, Fred Yelk, Aileen Miles and the _ xinder, Zack and anyone else we might have omitted. Your

other folks at Arthaus for their patience and support. devotion and enthusiasm, your patience and support are the
Thanks, folks! Your belief means a lot to us. stuff of dreams.

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SuiTE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

2

GAME STUDIO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden,

except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the
Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West,
Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Pour L'Amour et Liberte The Book of Houses Il and Noblesse Oblige the Book of Houses
are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. A\lll rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

‘The mention of of reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and intended for
entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

heep://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

NG) War in Concordia

o


Concencs

Prelude: Peacemaker yf
Incroduccion 14
Chapcer One: Parliamenc of Shaccered Dreams 20
Chapcer ‘Tuo: Fields of Bazcle and Places of Refuge 68
Chapzer Three: Children of Car and Peace People 80
Chapzer Four: Bacclefield Dreams 106 K

Appendix


"en,

CEMAKER
ey Nicky Rea

dows crawled down the walls between the towering buildings, devour-
ing the light, creating deep pools of gloom in the alleyways that stretched
before the old man. One ee as good as another, he thought mirthlessly,
eyeing the human detritus that marked their boundaries with overflowing
garbage bins and soggy cardboard. boxes. Dull, defeated and feral eyes stared
back at himas he staggered past, seeking some spot to spend yet another night
cold, alone, outcast. The sour smell of cheap whiskey and the acrid ait of
urine followed him, unctuated by the crackle of discarded wrappers and
crunch of broken glass underfoot. Passing a section of dark eee oddly
unbroken in the sea of things cast off rit e caught a ghost of his
ret reflection. Face too thin, stra fy beard and fasten hair, eyes

poo ed into blackness and unknown epths by the shadows. Not a face he
recognized, yet he knew it was his. He pulled the thin protection of his filth

raincoat tighter around himself, whit he had, gloves or some way to Stare
afire. Mis rosty breath plumed out ahead of him, and he thought longingly
of the bowl o soup he'd devoured at the homeless shelter the night—no, two
nights—be ore. Should have stayed there or stolen a blanket. Just too damn

~~

———e


— —

honest, he winced. It's a death sentence in there. Too many broken people;
too many broken dreams...

In his wanderings he turned corners randomly, searching pes an empty
doorway or a eeu where he might curl up out of the win and: fees
restless sleep, untroubled by other homeless souls or the angs attracted to
the sport of beating the helpless. At least the shelter ‘fol gave me a name.
Niall. Something to call myself besides "street bum."

He laughed bitterly and thought, Something besides "Hey, you, move
along. We don't want you on our street. "Dimly, as ie spying upon someone
else's memories, he recalled a war, a battle, os fee ing of . . . what? Fear?
Anger? Sadness, erhaps. Yet the picture slid into a misty haze, too
angeenenired Fi to make sense of what he saw. 7 was younger then, he
thought, and more resilient. He stood another moment, trying to force
himself to recall lost details, to remember who he was. Finally, he bowed his
head, his shoulders stumped and he surrendered again to a ray opacity
that was his past. It doesn't matter anyway, there's notht ‘Mie for an
of us in this world. He st oped uncertainty, wondering what he meant ry
that thought. For any peta?

He'd almost ‘passed the alley when he heard a whimpering cry of ‘pain.
Even his fo, ry brain recognized the sound of a child in trouble.

"who's there?" he demanded, lack of water and a touch of unease
roughening his voice. He heard the sound. of a shaky, indrawn breath, then
silence answered him. Shaking his head at his own ca acity for stupidity
and fearing an attack at any moment, Niall tuft down the dark
alleyway, fein his way along the wall until he reached the area where he
pee ad echild aight 4

hi ing. "Come on out, " he said. "1won't hurt you."

Yeah, that would certainly convince me i een street bum had me
trapped | back here, he thought. "Are you okay, i

de?"


as et

A For answer he felt a small hand tug on his sleeve, a hand that held
out foes that caught ust the tiniest sparkle from the gt

at the end of the alley. "Here, mister," a young voice— robably a boy,
\ Niall Surraiced fare "it's all 1 got. ee The rile pressed ae

closer to see what the child thought of as a payoff. "1 enchant thee,
stranger!" the child's voice eee ido ets . "Now you have to

«i

bauble into his hand. Incongruously, the child gi led as Niall bent |

head, sending him to his knees. Odd bits of dreamlike memory stirred
and Ohitades he tried to find his balance. He felt that he had changed
somehow, grown taller perhaps or taken on some new power he Hae
understand. The truth of his existence remained frustratingly elusive. j
Hardh daring, he opened his hand to see the child's marble h ing init, (
a marble that glinted and shone with the Glamour infuse within it. }

He fust had the strength and presence of mind to irmly grasp the \
child and clasp him a chest. Stumbling to his feet, Niall moved
toward the lighted end of the alleyway, carrying the child in his arms, (
and, got his fst ood look at what he held. The child's dark, curly hair
covered his head and goatlike legs. His green-brown eyes held first
mischief, then fear as he gazed at Niall. A satyr! The word came to
Niall from deep within, cresting and flowing into his thoughts like an
ocean swell. 7 know what he is! he marveled, even as the rest of his usually
quiescent brain took in the blood on the child's flank and shoulder,
noting the gashes there.

"No!" screamed the childling. "No, let me 9, lord. Don't kill me!" He
kicked out with his good leg and almost connected with Niall's elbow—
a ee would have Glee the arm had it landed. He thrashed in

iall's arms, trying to free himself from the older man's grasp.

"Stop ae a not ia but firmly. He gave the
ildling a stern look. "No one is going to kill you. But you may die if

)
help me get awa from them."
\ Niall's worldturned: sideways as lights and colors exploded inside his
{
{


i eee

nobody takes care of those wounds. What happened to you?" Gently, he
set the child down near the streetlight, turning him to is more Bes:
at the cut on his shoulder. "Here, sit down and let me see what 1 can sp
What's your name?"

The young satyr looked up at him, distrust written lainly in his
small body's refusal to relax. Niall pulled yea bottle from his pocket
and unscrewed the top. He looked at the inch or so of whiskey left in the
bottom, then sighell' and poured the liquid over each of the child's
wounds. The boy gasped Ce bore his primitive doctoring. Reassured
that the child wouldn't bolt if he let him 9, Niall as underneath
his raincoat, tu ing at an area of his shirt that still looked vaguely
clean. Rippin, fe cloth free, he looped it around the child's wounded
shoulder cpa it into the oozing wound. He did the same for the
leq wound.

Slowly, the childling seemed to lose his fear and finally whispered,
"Ronaly. My name is Ronaly. You aren't like the others, are you?"

I at pee Niall answered carefully. "what others?"

"The ones who're after me, the sidhe."

"That would be us!" A new voice intruded, a voice of silken culture
tinged with irony and threat.

The child "jumped, panic warring with anger as he shouted, "why
don't you just leave me alone? 1 hate you! J hate you! You all deserve to
die 45 :
Niallturned and saw the most beautiful creatures he'd ever seen. No,

I've seen others like this before, he mused, but where? Taller than
humans, with long, thick hair; fabulous jeweled clothing; and bright,
compelling eyes, the three sidhe males lounged at ease a few i away
from where he crouched. He sensed their amusement yet knew they

sought the child for more than sport. Slowly, he stood to face them,
shielding the ha bod him. ‘ : :


Tce

"what do you want?" he asked, trying to assume an air of command he
didn't feel. He eyed the slender ite each sidhe carried in a jeweled
scabbard hung at his side. Now he knew where the boy's wounds had come
om.

"Stand aside, traitor, and: ‘perhaps we'll let you live," replied the one who
had first spoken. Niall assumed he was the ee of the group.

"What are we waiting for?" asked an arrogant-looking, blond Niall
identified as second-in-command. "Look at him. He's nothing but a burnt-
out old grump. ‘He doesn't even have a weapon," he said to the spokesman.
"Just take the childling and leave this one to rot. 1 can smell the whiskey on |
him from here! He'll forget all this in an hour." f

Ronaly tugged at Niall's sleeve. "Please, don't let them take me. TI hey'll }
kill me or make me a slave again. You're a sidhe, too. Can't you fight them?"

"Can't you fight them?" The blond sidhe's voice mocked the satyr's words, }
twisting them into a whining arody. "Give up, boy. This old rummy won't \
fight to save anythin but Ls whiskey bottle. He's hardly even a sidhe
anymore." He turned his gaze on Niall, raking him with his eyes and
sneering in contempt. Then he faced the child again and scoffed, "Besides,
since when did the nobility bother themselves with commoner scum like
you?" He returned his attention to Niall. "We'd loan you a sword, old
grump, but you've probably forgotten how to use it, if you ever knew."

"Take the boy!" the leader ordered, speaking to his companions.

"No," Niall spoke quietly. "Give me the sword. af 1 win, the boy goes free;
if you win, ae you must decide what path to follow then."

The second sidhe snorted, "Not likely. Yow're outnumbered. We don't
need to fight you at all. Now move or Tl run through."

Niall felt the smooth marble fying inthe palm of his hand. He could ‘feel

ee eee

the Glamour stored within it, Glamour that had returned him to some sense

of himself. It had not, however, forced him to rescue the satyr child. He didn't


ne -_——

know why he championed the childling, it was just something he had to do.
But no one was forcing him. Caution and time spent on the street looking
out for number one argued, (for him to give up Dwell away. What was this
boy to him?

The trio of: sidhe moved closer, seeing his hesitation. Hardh feeling it, yet
surprised at its fragility, Niall crushed the marble, feelin, Glamour well ing
up within him. Le some source deep inside his muddled consciousness,

e drew forth words he hadn't known he knew, directing them to the leader.
"By the power of the Dreaming, 1 invoke the ancient rules of honorable
combat. Let us cross blades one to one, forsweari knavery and ‘following
the customs of our kind to first blood, which Mat Lae the issue."

The leader smiled. slightly, almost unbelieving, then took a sword} [from his
third follower and tossed it to Niall. "So be it! Know that you battle
Justeridan Ap Ailil," he replied. "Let it begin."

The young sidhe leapt forward even as he eae speaking, almost
catching Niall o guard. The older man broug t the Blade up just in time
to parry, then launched his own attack, surprisi both his opponent and
himself. The ounger man laughed as he slip out of range of Niall's

flashing Blade

"So, you can fight a all," the wilder said. "1 doubt you can fast long,
though. Swordplay takes conditioning, and: you haven't got the wind for it."
Justeridan thrust forward suddenly, nearly impali Mall before the older
sidhe could recover. Niall realized the eee oung si. hewas right. afhe were
to have a chance to win, he'd have to go full out and hope to overpower the
wilder before his own strength gave out. Quickly, he made a feint toward an
overhead blow, switching to an undercut Sie: His opponent met that
attack, then drove him back two steps. Again tall parried, then stepped
sideways and brought his sword sweeping in to make a quick cut on the
younger man's arm. Simultaneously, tall ‘felt the sting as his opponent

flicked a fight wound across his wrist.

/

ee ae PP ate ee a oe te 7

Me Pipe ea tit

a

Niall drew his sword back, panting heavily. The young sidhe eyed him
with a combination of annoyance and amusement.

"A hit,' Niall noted.

"A hit. For both," Justeridan admitted, then smiled like a predator
sensing helpless rey. "You're done, graybeard. You'll never get another
touch. En garde? With that he swept his sword Se Niall to
jump Ficbovardl to avoid the whipping blade. Niall could feel fi breath
‘wheezing in his fungs and throat as their deadly dance continued. His arms
and legs felt leaden with fati ue. His time on the streets had weakened him
constteret leaving him ill suited to wage battle, especially witha younger,
stronger foe. He felt himself slowing and knew it was only a matter of time
until he faile to parry sisi enough. with that knowledge came

determination.

7 will not be defeated, he promised himself. His world shrank to one

opponent, one battle. Everythin outside the flashing blades disa speared

om his consciousness, and he felt his body responding without having to
think. Not realizing he did so, he sre A such feral exuberance that
the younger sidhe was riorierteorly thrown off guard, stumbling backward
to ee sudden thrust from Niall's weapon.

dt couldn't last. Too many cold, sleepless nights, too much cheap whiskey
took its toll. Niall's raspin, breath became a a, in his lungs. Each
inhalation seared him Page each breath expell ed left him ieee and
shaking. He felt on the verge of collapse.

Fool! he raged inwardly. Who do you think you are? You can't beat this

_foe. Even as he formulated the traitorous thoughts, his body moved to press
the attack, unwilling—or unable—to give up.

Niall smelled his own stale sweat and legacy of poor ‘food, no sleep and; [few
opportunities to clean himself or his clothing. Intruth, he thought the stench
more the result of shattered dreams and lost hopes than any physical cause.
T've sunk as low as 7 can go, he mourned.

|

eo

As the Ailil's sword carved the air less than a finger's breadth from
Niall's left eye, the older sidhe realized he was 5 i along with

consciousness. The unequal battle was almost at an e

No! Niall refused to surrender. Something buried deep within his
innermost soul sprang to life, snarling its denial of defeat. 1 will not be
overcome, this new ragt being Eee asserted. Twillnot! The angered
part of him took over, jeri Niall to even greater effort. This inner self
moved his leaden legs, rought his arm up to parry another blow, countered
with a blistering array of fint, attack, riposte and attack again as Niall's
muscles screamed in protest.

Suddenly, his opponent fell back, staring in astonishment at the blood
that sluggishly welled from a cut on his sword hand. Barely realizing the
fight was over, Niall almost ‘failed to pull his next thrust, which would have
pierced the other sidhe's heart. Gasping, Niall. dropped the sword and leaned
over, hands on knees, desperately sucking in breath after breath.

For a long moment, he heard nothing but his own pained breathing. The
silence tugged at him, prickling his senses. Street life fa taught himtotrust
his instincts, and they told him something was amiss. He raised his head,
looked beyond his opponent, and saw the satyr child slowh topple over, eyes
glazing in death as the blond second-in-command grim Ly wiped the boy's
Hoa rom the knife with which he'd cut the child's throat. A cold tron kl
Niall knew, and he shivered with dread though he couldn't remember w

Screaming his outrage, Niall recovered the sword and leapt toward the
blond wilder. Justeridan stepped between them.

"Enough, old man," he said. His eyes sought and found Niall's, and his
strong hands held the weakened elder in place. "It's done. You're just going
to get yourself killed or undone if you pursue this. 1 don't condone what
Elisar did, but there's no point now. You fought well, but conserve your
strength. You'd never win another battle, especially against a Balor. You're

shaking. 2

ee Oe ae

ee

"with rage. With disgust," Niall. spat. "what is ha ening here? Why
do you speak of honorable battle, then murder children? We are—" his
clouded mind sought words he barely recalled—"changelin s. We are of a
kind. 4f this is what it is to be a changelin Vd refer to i just a man, a
drunkard, a street bum." Niall ran out o ae and slumped in defeated
sorrow. "Just go awa ." he whispered, throwing down the borrowed sword
and moving to the dead child. "You've got what you came for, so go."

Paying no more heed to the trio, A ii knelt painfully, then sat on the
cold, blood-soaked sidewalk and cradled Ronaly in his arms. He felt the tiny
remaining grains of the child's Glamour-illed marble in the palm of his
hand. Tears ran down his seamed cheeks, mingling with weeks of ingrained
dirt and old sweat and straggling into his unkempt beard.

The other sidhe stood uncertainly for a few moments as the old man
rocked the child's lifeless body. Elisar hale the iron knife, raised an
inquiring eyebrow toward Justeridan. The Ailil shook his head.

"He's no threat. af we leave him alone he'll probably orget what he is in
a few ss a the police don't arrest him for murder first." Shrugging, the

lond noble s es the knife as the third sidhe retrieved his sword, which
lay near Niall and the dead satyr boy.

"We don't need either of their kind anyway," Elisar sneered. "A sidhe
aD Aa his nobility or that commoner scum."

"He isn't the one who has forgotten the meaning of nobility," Justeridan
commented, glaring darkly at ne subordinate. "Let's go."

Long after the sidhe had left, trailing their tainted bac like gossamer,
Niallremained penny the child. Head bent, he sat as if made of ice, feeling

the chill penetrating his bones, leeching through his inadequate raincoat,

clutching at his heart. The child lay ina pool of: congealed blood, dark eyes
staring into eternity, curls fluttering slig tly inthe Bp

iting wind. Slowly, the

———

,
F

old man smoothed the boy's hair, closed the eyes. The child's satyr legs
wavered in and out of Niall's vision, first rred, then jeans-c ad. He
realized he was losing touch with his true self ; his fae self. Momentarily, he
sagged with relief. These strange beings, their hatreds, their passions, their
wars, would not be his responsibility, his problem. He could return to
whiskey-soaked oblivion and forget it, douse the pain of this brief meeting
and wander down all the empty days remaining to him, free of obligations.

He looked at the child's sal face sighed. But, 7'm no one, Niall thought.
What difference can ‘1 make? Slowly, he eased out from under the child's
body, knees and aching back ceding in protest. ‘He arranged Ronaly's
oe to reflect a peace he did not himself ‘feel. idee himself to see the
chi dling's furred legs, the tiny horns. But 7 will do all 7 can, he promised
silently. Not to wage war, but to bring | peace among those who should not
be enemies. 7 may not know who 1 was, but 1 know who 7 must become— the
Peacemaker. He gazed down at Ronaly a final time, ‘felt again the dust of
the childling's marble on his palms. qwillnot orget again. 7 ve slept too long
and winter ts here, but 7 vow to you, child, if it takes my dying breath, Iwill

see that spring and peace return.



\

The line, it is drawn, the curse, it is cast.

The slow ones now will later be fast

As the present now will later be past.

The order is rapidly fading.

And the first one now will later be last,

For the times, they are a-changing.

—Bob Dylan, "The Times, They Are A-Changing"

Dreams die hard. The greatest dream, the one that
encompasses a kingdom—or a concord of kingdoms—
lingers longest, even when its edges fray and the idea that
lies at its core erodes. Surrounded by rumor, greed and
despair, the dream of Concordia has survived through a
year and a half of uncertainty and growing discontent.
Now that dream surrenders to a darker vision as the twin
shadows of civil war and revolution emerge from the
shattered ruins of the Parliament of Dreams.

What steps lead a land from peace to war? Some see
a gradual process of disruption and discontent, while
others locate one moment in time that marks the divid-
ing line. For the fae, the transition from a Kingdom of
Concordia ruled by a just and compassionate ruler—a
king for all Kithain—to the nightmare realm of Discordia
comes slowly, seeping into the veins of changeling soci-

SES

ety like a slow-acting poison. The tremors of discord
begin in the halls of Tara-Nar and spread outward from
the Parliament of Dreams to the commoner freeholds of
the realm. The throne lies empty. "Who will fill it?" the
nobles ask. "Who needs it?" the commoners respond.
And therein lies the tale.

The Scaze of Disunion

The Kingdom of Concordia represents the overpow-
ering dream of one individual, David Ardry. Now that
the high king no longer sustains that dream, the union of
noble and commoner fae dissipates into elusive frag-
ments that flow like quicksilver, defying all attempts to
keep the dream together. The feudal system that makes
up the basis of fae society and underpins the hierarchy of
Concordia depends on ties of loyalty from lower to higher

Incroduction 15

&


23

levels of authority and responsibility. High King David's
absence alone might not erode the chain of command
that holds Concordia together, but the lack of a clear line
of succession provides no anchor for the realm—no one
person to hold the fealty of the nobles or the loyalty of the
commoners.

The Upper Crusz: The Nodles

Without the leadership that David Ardry provided,
the sidhe have lost the overriding sense of unity that
linked members of different houses to a common pur-
pose. The problems surrounding the succession have
caused a three-way split among the members of the
Shining Host. To make matters worse, old rivalries
among houses have reemerged as the High Lords each
seek to advance their own house during this uncertain
period. While most sidhe hope that a successor to the
throne of Concordia will assert her power and stabilize
the realm, a few noble fae actually prefer the freedom
from the restraints imposed upon them by David's laws.

Gi
oS.

uf

TCL

Sal
SS

ory,

Below the Salc: The Commoners

Commoners, too, hold varied positions with regard
to the lack of a High King. Although David Ardry
cherished the commoner fae and made certain of their
representation in the Parliament of Dreams asa means to
ensure their rights, many commoners feel that the Parlia-
ment did not fulfill its intent. To them, the concept of
representative government has degenerated into a forum
for bickering and delay with no real power to affect the
lives of the fae. Many commoners see the High King's
absence as a chance to start over—with all the implica-
tions contained in the dream of a new beginning. Not a
few view the idea of radical change as both necessary and
desirable and recognize that the moment has arrived to
put their desires into action.

Oucside Looking In:
The Unseelie Court

Unseelie fae have a simpler take on the state of affairs
in Concordia. The empty throne represents to them a
golden opportunity to reassert their claims to power in fae
society. Unseelie nobles covet the throne for themselves,
while commoners see the chance to do away with rulers
altogether, in the true "tradition" of Discordian goals. For
the fae of the Shadow Court, the disappearance and
assumed death of the High King follows the ancient
tradition of the ritual sacrifice of the king that signifies
the transfer of power between Courts. Since the Resur-

16

War in Concordia

BARS

rey)

gence, the Seelie Court has held sway without challenge
from its Unseelie counterpart. The Shadow Court be-
lieves that this defiance of tradition deserves redress—
and payback time has arrived.

Ocher Views

The Gallain have differing opinions on the break-
down of changeling society. The nunnehi have no reason
to mourn the collapse of the dream of Concordia. For
them, the unrest signals the possibility of regaining the
lands and sacred places they once held before the Euro-
pean fae ousted them from their rightful hunting grounds
and townships. Likewise, the Inanimae have little vested
interest in maintaining the status quo. Their ties to
nature and their own enigmatic ways lead them to see the
upcoming war as just another manifestation of the inevi-
tablecoming of Winter. They abide, and which side they
take, if any, remains an unanswered question. As for the
Thallain, these creatures of chaos and nightmare em-
brace any kind of upheaval—especially the kind of dis-
ruption that comes with war. And then there are the
newly arrived Denizens. Their motives and actions may
tip the balance for one side or another, depending on who
gets to them first.

CDood

The dream of war evokes a fractured kaleidoscope of
moods. Changelings raised on tales of legendary he-
roes—of knights and warriors battling for honor and duty
and right—feel a martial stirring in their blood as the call
to arms rings forth. Excitement is the order of the day,
and fae schooled to war anticipate the coming battles
with the eagerness of soldiers whose time has come. Fear
also permeates the atmosphere of Concordia as order
devolves into chaos. The grumps who still remember the
Accordance War know the horrors that lie ahead: the
suffering and carnage, the ravaging of the fae spirit, the
cruel dreams that take tangible shape on the battlefield.
Uncertainty plays a part in the mood of Concordia. The
vacancy at the top of the heap leaves a wide-open field for
contenders for the throne. In addition, many change-
lings feel that the High King's absence sounds a clarion
call for more radical changes in rulership—or
nonrulership. Freeholds that once stood as bastions of
security and stability now find themselves under siege,
while nobles question the loyalty of commoners they
once trusted. Discord severs ties between commoner and
noble, divides houses and kith and creates distrust among
groups that once stood upon common ground.


Theme
War in Concordia emphasizes a number of themes.

Underlying the breakdown of order and stability lies the
mystic connection between the rulerand the land. With-

outa leader to give strength and cohesion to the world of

the fae in Concordia, the realm crumbles into fractious

parts. Old enmities resurface and new battle lines emerge

in heretofore peaceful places. The "concord" that lay at
Concordia's center revolved around the personality and
charismatic leadership of David Ardry. Hisabsence makes
the tenuous nature of the accord between commoners
and nobles all too clear. The High King represented the
hope for cooperation and sharing of power among all the
fae. Without him, that hope has disintegrated. The land
lies leaderless.

The struggle between personal gain and the common
good forms another motif. While peace brings profit and
prosperity, war often increases the potential for advance-
ment and power. Opportunists from all ranks of the fae

see their chance to gain something from war—freeholds,
titles and fame (or infamy). Idealists lay their principles
on the line and find themselves forced to question the
commitment they hold to their beliefs. Those who talk
revolution now face the necessity of living up to their
bold words.

The mystique of "war" as opposed to the gut-level
reality of violent struggle adds a third thematic strain to
War in Concordia. While noble combat may bring out
the best in honorable warriors, wars rarely revolve around
honor. The object of war is victory, at any cost and by any
means. The conflict between maintaining the image of
glorious combat while coming face to face with the dirty
business of slaughter, whether of the fae essence or of the
mortal body, provides a constant challenge to warriors
and civilians alike. In modern war, there are no civil-

ians—only victims.


| Deja Va: The Accordance Car
Revisiced

With the first stirrings of rebellion and the break-
down of the nobles-dominated power structure, many
Kithain feel a sick sense of familiarity. Veterans of the
Accordance War, most of them grumps in the winter of
their fae lives, experience a certain chill that comes from
knowing firsthand the nightmares that lie ahead. To a
few of these hardened survivors, the outbreak of open
conflict comes as nothing new. The Accordance War, to
their minds, never really ended. King David's compro-
mise—and the resulting Kingdom of Concordia—merely
sidestepped the real problems caused by the Resurgence.
The old grudges remain. The sense of injustice visited
upon the commoners by the return of the sidhe resur-
faces. Old wounds reopen, bleeding fresh and raw with
unhealed anger and frustration. This, the veterans whis-
per, is nothing new.

Younger changelings know of the Accordance War
only from the stories they have heard and the legends
that have arisen out of that conflict. But they, too,
recognize the inevitability of the conflict. Commoner
wilders and many astute childlings live with the constant
reminder that they fall short of "nobility." Many of them
instinctively disdain the sidhe, though they secretly fear
their power. Even those who hold the High King in high
regard acknowledge that without his leadership, they
have become targets for the arrogance and ambition of
the sidhe nobility. For these commoners, war seems the
only course of action.

Sidhe wilders, likewise, treat commoners with a
combination of wary suspicion or outright condescen-
sion. The lessons they have learned from their elders tell
them that commoners are inherently inferior, lesser
beings dependent on the wisdom of the sidhe to lead and
direct them. Now that their buffer, David Ardry, has
vanished from the scene, the sidhe must confront their
vassals directly, and they don't like what they see. They
sense the unrest among the commoner fae and take steps
to make certain that the rabble doesn't rise up against
them.

Of course, this state of affairs doesn't hold true for
many nobles and commoners. Over the years since the
Accordance War, strong bonds of friendship and, in
some cases, love have developed in unlikely places. Some
sidhe feel something akin to equality with the common-
ers they know, while as many commoners manage to see
the person inside the noble kith with regard to their sidhe

18

War in Concordia

ee

Neo Ee:

companions and lovers. The outbreak of hostilities, how-
ever, erodes even the strongest class-crossing relation-
ships, and lovers too often find themselves forced apart
by war.

How co Use This Book

War In Concordia describes the early stages of the
conflict that erupts in the aftermath of the disappearance
(and presumed death) of High King David Ardry. As the
first stirrings of unease and discontent lead to secret
meetings in shrouded back rooms and freeholds through-
out the realm of the fae, the cries of revolution grow
louder. Three noble factions vie for rulership of the
kingdom, while other groups question the need for rulers
at all. New voices call out for drastic change, and the
Unseelie fae, who have waited for their turn to walk the
halls of the Parliament of Dreams, sense their cue to take
the stage in the pageant of fae society. Almost by acci-
dent, though nothing truly happens without cause or
precedent, the die is cast. Erasing thirty years of relative
peace between noble and commoner fae, war breaks out
and the dreams of peace dissolve into nightmare.

This sourcebook for Changeling: The Dreaming
contains the information necessary to portray a society in
the throes of civil war—or revolution, depending on your
point of view. While it concentrates on events taking
place in the Kingdom of Apples, the cradle of the
conflict, War in Concordia also provides an overview of
the growing conflict. The inevitable ripple effect spreads
from its point of origin as other places in Concordia and
the rest of the world feel the repercussions of the fight to
fill an empty throne.

Peacemaker, a fiction piece, sets the mood of War in
Concordia with a tale of loss and rebirth.

The Introduction gives a general summary of the
contents and purpose of this book, including major
themes and the overall mood of a land at war with itself.

Chapter One: Parliament of Shattered Dreams
describes the background to the conflict, provides a list
of the factions involved and chronicles the onset of the
war. This chapter also describes, in brief, the impact of
Concordia's troubles on the fae realms in other parts of
the world.

Chapter Two: Fields of Battle and Places of Refuge
concentrates on the major locations of the war, with a
focus on the Kingdom of Apples, the realm which first
galvanizes into violent and irrevocable action. This
chapter includes descriptions of embattled or contested
freeholds and a few places of safety.


Chapter Three: Children of War and Peace details
the major personalities that figure in the war and gives
updates on significant characters described in earlier
supplements.

Chapter Four: Battlefield Dreams gives guidelines
for chronicles dealing with the material presented in this
book. Descriptions of battle types, ideas on how to run
mass combat (with and without dice), story seeds for
future events and suggestions for integrating the war into
your own chronicles appear in this chapter along with
some information on using questionable tactics on the
battlefield.

The Appendix contains information on some new
Merits and Flaws as well as a list of treasures and an
arsenal of war gadgets.

References

First and foremost, War in Concordia draws upon
material contained in Changeling: The Dreaming as
well as the following supplements: Kingdom of Willows,
The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner, Nobles: The
Shining Host, Noblesse Oblige: The Book of Houses, Pour
L'Amour et Liberté: The Book of Houses II, The Shadow
Court and Denizens of the Dreaming. Although none of
these books is essential, all of them contain information

and ideas to help expand and flesh out chronicles involv-
ing the war in Concordia.

Storytellers and players interested in war-based
chronicles can find many sources of information to help
them expand upon their characters and stories. The
ready availability of historical fiction set during various
wars makes individual novels too numerous to mention.
War in Concordia draws on several models of war, from
the American and French Revolutions to the Civil War
tothe many liberation movements of the latter half of the
twentieth century. Nonfiction books on military history
and tactics, biographies of famous soldiers and encyclo-
pedias of warfare abound. War diaries contain the day-to-
day minutiae of men and women at war. Local libraries
and bookstores provide the best source for additional
reading material.

For details on places, travel guides provide informa-
tion and pictures to help make stories come alive. Spe-
cialized travel guides to Civil War and Revolutionary
War battlegrounds can offer ready-made "walking tours"
of sites that Storytellers may adapt to their chronicles.

For a good look at the revolutionary spirit and a
scathing portrait of arrogance comparable to the most
obnoxious sidhe or self-righteous commoner, see Mel
Gibson's film The Patriot and draw your own conclusions.



iemne
wocreneD/ By

A cry of defiance, and not of fear,

A voice in the darkness, a knock at the door,
And a word that shall echo for evermore!
For, borne on the night-wind of the Past,
Through all our history, to the last

The people will
The hurrying h S 5 Sins
—Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "Paul Revere's Ride"


BRI RI ROR GT ORR REIN SKRIV ORES RIN RR RIT OREM (

Dearest,

Wy boner tells meV stand on the edge of madness te write to youatatime like
this. Whe haces when eve ell face each ether on the field of battle, you wearing
whatever uniform you cheose fer gour conven cause, ove clad in the atmer and
colowsefimy house? Het my heart ries cut, Poor came be enemies, who have loved
ene ancther so deeply and with such passion?

For nee, ng hearthelds serag, but Vcannet promise you that wy henet willact
tytn cut in the end. Of course, you may ask, what honor does a member of the
Unseelie Geurt hold? oci, of all people, must knce the ansiser to that by nce.
Wy heuer comes from ne cutside scurce, ne code of lacs ot conduct, but from an
inner tnstinet that tells me what U may de and what I may not de. Side by side
etth my donor, mg love diac me toward the course of action Umust take. Foence,
this letter te you at this time, shen any whe knoe: of tt might brand me traitor for

Hou knoe measa haight anda warrior, asnellasabard of seme account. /\s
the latter, Y have absorbed a great deal of knowledge gleaned from gossip,
overheard conversations and other casual seurces. \s a former member of the
Parliament of Dreams, Q followed the events leading up te the present state of
ear—for V can call thes growing conflict by ne cther name. U deo not haces hoes
much cf shat Vhnow lias come te your attention; twasneveramatter of discussion
between geu andme. Ce hac better things te talk aboutand te de with each ether.
Cuen new, the memory of you—the feel of your slender fingers tracing the curves
of wy body, the dark scent of mystery and smoke that alaays seemed te surround
Gok, your whispered ces of passion that almost, alnost reached my ears—
cverehelars and saddens me.

Vdeo not haces how you intend te use the information D pass along te you iw the
notes U include with this letter, but V feel V must at Least acquaint you sith all that
has gone before. COhether you cheese te keep ttte gourselfor share ct ith these whe
ance make ap your comrades-in-arms, Vide net care. Either way, D stand
condemned of treason. Vk me of D care.

D hembtheioes. phen camwiitete youagain, but Vigil make every effort te de
so. Kinees that gou hold ng mest cherished dreams within your gras and that Y
remain, ever, your true and constant lover,

Gy

>

>

>

LGR

>

VG

v,

LEM

1,

§

CR

CCGG

QV

G

Prelude co Car

All wars have a flash point—the lit fuse on the
powder keg, the burnt bridge, the point of no return, the
moment when belief transforms commitment into ac-
tion. What grand deed or momentous event serves as the
catalyst for war in the realm of Concordia? The conflict
that even now escalates into a full-scale war—a Second
Accordance War—has its origin not with an assassina-
tion or invasion, but with a simple group of pranksters out
for an evening of innocent revelry. The flash point for
war in Concordia begins, like another revolution three
centuries before, with a party.

Before that singular event, however, many incidents
serve to stoke the fires of war. Like faggots of wood and
kindling stacked around the stake—an image that comes
readily to mind—these occurrences build upon each
other until all lie waiting for the touch of a flame.

Background

Unaware of the catastrophe that lies before them, a
pair of newlywed lovers embarks on a grand tour of their
fiefdoms—which happen to consist of the entirety of
Concordia. Meant to reacquaint a king with his subjects
and to introduce those subjects to their new queen, the
journey of David and Faerilyth marks the culmination of
an unexpected courtship that began when King Meilge
ap Eiluned, ruler of the Kingdom of Willows, sent his
young kinswoman to Tara-Nar.

Faerilyth, through no designs of her own, caught the
eye of the High King from her first appearance at court.
Despite many courtiers' general wariness about a daugh-
ter of House Eiluned, Faerilyth managed to overcome the
suspicions of all but a few members of the royal court.
David sought—and found—many excuses to enjoy
Faerilyth's company. Even as rumors spread concerning
the dalliance between High King and southern princess,
David finally announced his intention to wed Faerilyth.
Even more importantly to many throne watchers in
Concordia, the High King declared that he would crown
Faerilyth High Queen to rule alongside him.

This decision pleased neither David's sister Morwen
nor Queen Mab, the ruler of the Kingdom of Apples and
the guardian of David's heir, the Dougal Princess Lenore.
Nevertheless, David stood firm, confident that, in time,
his bride's sweetness of spirit and heartfelt loyalty to him
and to Concordia would win over the opposition. Alas,
time was something the pair did not have.

Chapzer One: Parliament of Shactered Dreams

Ignorant of the fate that awaited them, David and
Faerilyth began a grand tour of Concordia. By traveling
throughout the realm and visiting the various duchies,
David hoped to accomplish two things. First, he wanted
to reaffirm his connection with all his vassals, strength-
ening existing ties of loyalty and forging new ones.
Second, David wanted to introduce his queen and co-
ruler to her new subjects, certain that they would warm
to her and accept her as High Queen.

The first stop on the tour led the royal couple to the
Kingdom of Willows, where King Meilge hosted a grand
celebration for them in Willows's Heart. From this point
on, the tales vary, depending on the teller.

The least credible version of the events of King
Meilge's ball come from the mouths of the pooka—and
to hear their stories, each and every pooka in Concordia
attended the gathering. According to these inveterate
yarn spinners, a group of masked marauders assaulted the
High King in the midst of the party and spirited him away
under the guise of high revelry.

More believable accounts come from other sources
and simply state that at some point during the ball, the
High King absented himself from the festivities and
failed to return. When he discovered that one of his
guests of honor had gone missing, King Meilge strove to
pacify the other attendees (including Faerilyth) to avoid
apanic. When the sword Caliburn suddenly appeared in
the hands of a young eshu storyteller, however, no one
could deny that something had happened to the High
King.

Atfirst, King Meilge offered Faerilyth the hospitality
and safety of his freehold, fearing that his former ward
might become the next target for mischance or that some
of the fae would hold her at fault for David's disappear-
ance. Faerilyth, however, had her own ideas and declared
that she would assume her husband's position in his
absence and continue the grand tour as he would have
wanted her to do. Although Meilge seemed less than
happy at the prospect of seeing Faerilyth undertake anow
dangerous course of action, he could do little to stop her.

Two champions appeared on the scene to assist the
High Queen. Seif Raushan, the eshu favored by Caliburn,
pledged himself to search for the High King, bringing to
bear his kith's birthright as well as the pull of the sword
to accomplish his quest. Faerilyth knighted him on the
spot to give credence to his task. The second champion,

L
7,
yy

Sti

s

af

SS

Ss


Si

OSGG

none other than Sir Lleu Ardwyad, cousin to the High
King, offered his service as Faerilyth's protector on her
journey across the expanse of Concordia.

Faerilyth stayed a few days more in the Kingdom of
Willows, traveling to most of the duchies in that realm
and exhorting the fae not to lose heart. From there, she
journeyed onward to the other kingdoms, repeating her
message to all that came to see her passing. Although
nothing further happened to mar the grand tour, rumors
of attempts on Faerilyth's life or other threats to her
safety have made the rounds. Needless to say, Sir Lleu
and the rest of Faerilyth's entourage provided enough
protection to ensure that any attempts, rumored or real,
failed.

Of Sir Seif's quest, I have next to no information, but
since Caliburn has not surfaced in the hands of another,
I can only assume that the eshu knight continues his
search for evidence of the High King.

I have glossed over these events because I suspect
you—along with all the other fae in Concordia, if not the
world—have heard more than enough about the missing
king. This tale, however, lays the groundwork for the
present upheaval. More than anything else, the absence
of David Ardry has brought about a state of war among
the fae of Concordia.

My own interests lie not so much in the fates of
individuals but in the fluctuations of groups. I suppose my
own proclivity toward affairs of politics stems in part from
my house affiliation, but, | confess, I find more enjoy-
ment from observing groups in crisis than I do from
pondering the ins and outs of celebrities.

Although I have never counted myself among the
sycophants who worship the High King, I do acknowl-
edge his prodigious achievements. Truly, few realize how
much Concordia depended on the person of David Ardry
for its very existence. I have watched events unfold from
my own vantage point as a member of the "worthy
opposition" within the (now defunct) Parliament of
Dreams. Though I cannot remain entirely unbiased, I
shall attempt to describe the erosion of order and the rise
of the present factions in the conflict that has thrust us
apart.

Policical Repercussions

Concordia reels with shock in the wake of David's
disappearance. The peace that broughta sense of security
to both nobles and commoners crumbles to dust at the
foot of the empty throne. If, as ancient lore would have
it, the king is the land, then what becomes of the land
when no king exists?

Since his accession to the throne in 1975, High King
David hasservedas the lynchpin for the idea of Concordia
as a realm for all the fae, not just those of noble lineage.
His protection of and respect for commoners set a stan-
dard for other nobles. The Parliament of Dreams exem-
plified his ideal of fair discourse and the sharing of power.
The dream given life by David Ardry has sustained the
fae of Concordia for twenty-five years. Now that dream
has vanished with its dreamer.

"Tremors in the Halls of Power

The news of the High King's disappearance broke
upon the Parliament of Dreams like the opening howl of
the Wild Hunt. Almost all of the Advocates had come to
Tara-Nar, drawn to an unscheduled meeting by vague
feelings of impending crisis, as if the Dreaming itself had
called them. Though only a junior member, and one of
the few openly Unseelie Advocates, I found my opinion
on the reason for our coming together sought by several
of the more prominent delegates. I confessed that I had
no inkling of the purpose of our gathering except that my
dreams had driven me to make the journey to Tara-Nar
from my freehold by the swiftest means possible.

As speculation rose and the sense of brooding unease
grew, the doors of the meeting room burst open to admit
a trio of Red Branch knights, distress written plainly
upon their faces. The most senior of the three, Dame
Enid of House Fiona, strode to the speaker's dais and
unrolled a parchment. "It is my sad duty to inform all
present that David Ardry ap Gwydion, High King by
right of the Dreaming, has vanished under circumstances
that have yet to be determined," she said.

Although Dame Enid continued to speak, the re-
mainder of her words lay buried in the tumult that arose
from her opening sally. | admit that the sight of so many
distinguished Advocates shouting and clamoring for

attention gave me a moment of keen amusement. Then
my own shock and dismay claimed my feelings and |
withdrew intoa far corner of the room in order to observe
the ensuing chaos as unobtrusively as possible.

True to form and to everyone's expectations, Duke
Dray managed to overcome the pandemonium by the
sheer force of his larger-than-life presence—with an
assist from the Dreaming, I suspect. Despite what many
feel about him, Dray brought the room to silence with a
loud command and the backing of his faerie might. He
then turned his attention to the ignored Dame Enid and
bade her finish her prepared speech. Her report, deliv-
ered in a voice made strident by her frustration and
obvious grief, informed us all merely that David Ardry
had disappeared and that Caliburn had chosen a cham-
pion to seek out the High King's whereabouts. From
Dame Enid, we also learned that Faerilyth had decided to
forego King Meilge's offer of shelter in favor of continu-
ing the grand tour through the realm.

A series of murmurs traveled through the room in
response to that choice bit of information, and my guess
is that the first suspicions that Faerilyth had her own
designs on the throne began at that time. The Fiona
speaker concluded by urging us all to remain calm and
bide our time until the Dreaming made its wishes for
Concordia's future known.

In retrospect, I question the wisdom of Dame Enid's
final statement. Whether she had composed her speech
herself or whether it was a collaborative effort by the Red
Branch messengers, the words sparked a reaction that
veered drastically from their calming intentions. The
thought that the fate of Concordia—not of the High
King—lay in the balance chilled the hearts of all who
heard the speech and undoubtedly played a part in the
debacle that eventually followed.

Duke Dray thanked the Red Branch for their timely
announcement and seemed ready to assume the chair for
the remainder of the session until Lord Vogon ap Ailil,
my own patron and sponsor, challenged him for right of
precedence. "It is clear to me that the Dreaming has seen
fit to deck
Concordia. Shall we continue to defy tradition when the
Dan has shown itself to us in an unmistakable sign?"

a moratorium on the Seelie leadership of

"
LJ

a)

gam

me
Str

RRARZ

SS
KAN


The furor that erupted at that time should have
warned all of us of what lay ahead. Everyone spoke up at
once, trying to argue for one or the other. | remained
silent, as is my wont, finding more knowledge in listening
than in speaking. I noticed the movement of Advocates

spread far and wide telling of midnight caucuses and
secret gatherings to discuss the implications of aConcordia
left without a ruler.

Accusations and Recriminacions

Parliament finally reconvened, after six months of
failed attempts at gaining enough Advocates to declare
a quorum. Every Advocate, even those known more by
their absence than their presence, attended—many with
a contingent of trusted retainers to watch their backs.
The separate entrances of High Lords Donovan of House
Dougal, Erdath of House Ailil and Ariadne of House
Eiluned created a stir, since none of these august persons
made a regular habit of attending sessions of the Parlia-
ment and never had all three appeared at the same time.

around the room, as Seelie and Unseelie separated them-
selves into groups. Within those groups, other circles
took form according to political impulse. The common-
ers and commoner nobles gravitated toward one end of
the room, beside the door, I noticed. I could not fault
them for their choice, since the temper within the
parliamentary chambers had grown distinctly ugly.
That was not the end of the Parliament. of Dreams,
however, merely the beginning of the end. We adjourned
somewhat untidily, with a general mandate to all Advo-
cates to return to our lands and spread the news among
our constituencies. The tacit assumption was that we
would also sample the tenor of the fae within our fiefs. A
meeting was set for the following month, at which time

VY

One of the most persistent rumors, that a second
Night of Iron Knives was in the making, circulated
among the commoner Advocates, causing no little con-
sternation every time anyone attempted to close the
doors to the Hall of Advocates. By consensus, the doors

KKM

1K

OG
SG

C2

we would put forth our recommendations and make some
"difficult decisions."

Fully six months passed before we managed to raise
aquorum for the next meeting of the Parliament. During
the long recess, most of the Advocates took the opportu-
nity not only to poll their subjects but also to transform
their freeholds into fortresses, undoubtedly sensing the
coming conflict. Many followers of the Traditionalist
impulse enacted drastic measures to ensure the loyalty of
their commoner subjects, enforcing oaths of loyalty upon
anyone they suspected of radical leanings. In many
reactionary freeholds, the rulers implemented a system of
tithes in the form of dross in order to amass their own
stores of Glamour. Needless to say, such courses of action
did little to increase the bonds of affection between
nobles and their commoner subjects and, in fact, led
directly to the first sally of the current conflict.

I returned to my own small freehold and immersed
myself in a whirlwind of activity. Expecting that any
unrest might place my holdings at risk, I, too, made
certain of the defenses of house and hearth. I also decided
that, as a bard and a watcher of history in the making, I
would attempt to chronicle the course of events set in
motion by the news of the High King's disappearance.
My contacts among both nobles and commoners, includ-
ing you, my love, revealed the deep shock and dismay
that greeted the news of the empty throne. Rumors

26 War in Concordia

were finally left ajar, doing much to ease the minds of
those spooked by the thought of treachery among "equals."

The first order of business consisted of a prolonged
debate on who would preside over the Parliament in "the
emergency," a term I found ironic in the light of our slow
response time. Duke Dray volunteered to supervise the
discussion, an offer shouted down by his many oppo-
nents. Other Advocates brought forth their suggestions
only to have them met by more opposition. When it
appeared that no one could agree on even as simple an
issue as electing a temporary Parliamentary Speaker,
High Lord Ariadne ap Eiluned pulled rank on the assem-
blage and claimed the speaker's dais. Recognizing his
fellow High Lords, Ariadne invited them to share the
podium with him. High Lord Donovan ap Dougal, never
one to care overmuch for politics, declined the offer.
High Lord Erdath ap Ailil appeared to consider the offer
but, after tendering his thanks to the Eiluned Lord,
refused as well. Though I did not immediately grasp the
import of the exchange between Eiluned and Ailil lead-
ers, I realized later that High Lord Erdath had outmaneu-
vered his Eiluned counterpart by seeming less eager to
seize any semblance of power. That decision would later
prove a wise one in the light of the events that followed.


XY]

The Eiluned High Lord's action polarized an already
divisive group even further, but the Parliament gamely
attempted to carry on with business as usual.

os
Rd

>

Since the assembled Advocates could do nothing
about the loss of David Ardry, they settled instead for
finding someone to blame for his disappearance. The
Parliament soon transformed itself into a court of in-
quiry, issuing summonses to most of the known Unseelie
nobles and to anyone else an Advocate had reason to

, 2) >>
LAL.

AXA

Ss
Ss

suspect. The hearings resulting from the appearances of
a host of disgruntled sidhe occupied the Advocates for
several months.

Many of those summoned simply failed to appear—
either refusing to answer the summons outright or mak-
ing themselves suddenly and inexplicably unavailable. |
believe that a number of suspects sought sanctuary with
friends or allies in other parts of the world or else
retreated to private havens in the Near Dreaming. De-
spite a rigorous round of questioning by a panel of
Advocates headed by Duke Dray, the Parliament could
discover no further information about the High King's
disappearance. One faction of Seelie best described as
reactionary even suggested that the Parliament summon
Queen Faerilyth, since she was, presumably, closest to
the High King at the time of his disappearance. Others
wanted to summon King Meilge, along with most of the
dukes and duchesses in the Kingdom of Willows, but
saner heads prevailed and the inquisitorial court con-
tented itself with the interrogations of lesser nobles.

A year anda day passed in this fashion. To all intents
and purposes, the Parliament maintained the fiction that
it continued to hold the fae of Concordia together and
that the Advocates were taking actions to resolve the
question of the missing king. Other concerns, however,
rose to the surface and assumed more importance than
the matter of attaching blame.

The arrival by special courier of a letter from High
Lord Ardanon of House Gwydion spurred the Parliament
into a flurry of activity. Couched in language so subtle
that many suspected the work of an Ailil scribe, High
Lord Ardanon expressed his dismay at "Concordia's loss"
and advised us to put our house in order without delay or
he would have to assume that task for us. Even the dullest
of our Advocates recognized the implied threat and


realized that we must face the problem of the succession
of the throne of Concordia. With David Ardry lost to us,
who would rule?

Three Queens, One Throne

The problem we faced in deciding the succession lay
in the fact that the High King David had left no clear
instructions as to who would follow him as ruler of
Concordia. Instead, three strong candidates emerged,
each with claims to the throne, each with a following of
fanatic supporters.

2)

UST RR

ay

Upon his marriage to Faerilyth, David Ardry crowned
her queen and co-ruler of Concordia. When the High
King disappeared, Faerilyth declared her belief that her
husband still lived and that she intended to carry on in
his absence. Those who share her conviction and await
the High King ‘s return support Faerilyth's bid for power.
Her former guardian, King Meilge of the Kingdom of
Willows, leads her supporters and has used his many
contacts throughout Concordia to gather support for his
protégé.

Though barely past her childling years, the Princess
Lenore, David's appointed heir, has amassed a group of
followers who support her candidacy for the throne.
They point to the fact that David assumed the crown of
Concordia when still a youth. Queen Mab of the King-
dom of Apples has declared herself squarely in Lenore's
camp.

CR

7

The High King's sister, Morwen, who rules Tara-Nar
as Regent in the High King's absence, has gathered a
sizeable following. Those who support Morwen believe
that Lenore has not yet attained sufficient wisdom to rule
in her own right and that Faerilyth's claim to the position
is the spurious result ofa love-struck king's whim. Morwen
herself seems content to support Lenore's nominal rule
while continuing to act as Regent. Nevertheless, she
makes no attempt to quell the voices of those who
demand that she ascend the throne.

For a time, life returned to the Parliament as Advo-
cates stepped up to the speaker's dais to extol their
candidate's virtues and strengths. Some of us dared to
hope that we could reach an accord and throw our
support behind one of the three contenders. Unfortu-
nately, the speeches grew more inflammatory. Fights
between rival factions broke out so often that weapons of
any kind were banned from the Hall of Advocates.
Gradually, more and more Advocates simply stopped
attending sessions of Parliament.

Six months ago, High Lord Ariadne grew tired of
presiding over an empty room and announced to no one
in particular that the Parliament of Dreams would go into
indefinite recess. With that announcement and the
departure of the last of the Advocates for their homes, the

Parliament of Dreams came to an end.

aed

a

7

Sa
CL er ay

0

~~

To all my oathmates, an open letter to the knights of the Red Branch:

Icall this an open letter because wecan no longer call ourselvesa secret
society, yet I still have hope that we may overcome the differences that
divide us, but I fear that our pride and stubbornness may undermine the
principles we serve. How have we come to this point, where oathmates
battle one another under conflicting banners?

We of the Red Branch have always stood for the highest virtues of our
calling—justice, honor, bravery and courtesy—yet now, in the name of
thosevery qualities, westand divided. Concordialiesinshambles, wracked
by the quandary ofan unclear succession. Must we, too, follow the path to
ruin over a decision as to whom we owe our allegiance?

Our duty calls us to support one another and to uphold the laws of the
Dreaming, not to argue over who should wear the crown ofConcordia or sit
on the throne at Tara-Nar. The signs of Winter are upon us. New creatures
burst forth from hidden places in the Dreaming, embodying legends we
thought had died with the Shattering. The land lies uneasy, sensing our
uncertainty and distress. The Shadow Court grows stronger with each
passing month, smelling the reek of our decay as we waste our time in
useless bickering.

We should address the true wrongs of Concordia. So what ifthe throne
remains unoccupied? The Shining Host still rides the trods of the Dream-
ing and holds the land in trust for its houses and honor.

Ifearthat few ofyou will heed my words, for your own perceptions blind
you to the truth of the matter. Concordia does not need a king, but our land
doesneed those with the wisdom torule. We ofthe Red Branchshould keep
in mind our duty tothe Dreaming—a call toarms that transcends the fate of
individuals. Let us strip away our badges that proclaim us supporters of
Morwen or Faerilyth or even Lenore and let us instead reclaim the symbol
ofour knighthood.

Perhapsa recounting ofour origins and our recent history may remind
us all ofour oaths to oneanother and our true purpose. append sucha tale
inthehopesthatsomeofyou mightrememberand,inremembering, might
heal the rift that separates us from one another.

Iremain, in obedience to the Dreaming,
Sir RanulfDorsey ap Dougal

Tos
Xs

NS

SS


VAY
Ra)
WA
4
A)
NR
A)
MS

is
ix

The Breaking of
che Red Branch:
A Knighcs Lamenc

In the time of legends, when the Dreaming lay as
close as a lover to the waking world, the fae were a race
of heroes and warriors. When dragons arched their fell
wings across the skies, raining terror upon all who hap-
pened to fall beneath their shadows, the sidhe warriors
who battled these fearsome creatures bore the mark of the
Red Branch upon their shields. The knights of the fae
taught their customs and their honor to worthy mortals,
giving rise to the tales of Arthur and his brave compan-
ions and setting an example that has provided inspiration
to generations of human Dreamers. Even when the cold
winds of disbelief heralded the dark times of the Shatter-
ing, the knights of the Red Branch continued to bring
courage to the fae with their valorous deeds.

When the Shattering itself hit with full force, crum-
bling the gates to Arcadia, Red Branch knights fought to
hold the gates open so that others could depart. Many of
these gallant warriors sacrificed themselves in those last
fearful days, buying time with their lives for their house-
holds.

When the Resurgence allowed (or forced) our return
to the mortal world, knights of the Red Branch led the
way for the returning sidhe, battling against the horrors
that lurked within the Mists and securing safe passage for
the rest of the Shining Host. Though our memories
suffered when we first burst through into the modern
world, we recognized each other by our actions and by our
honorable demeanor. Thus we found each other anew
and reforged our fellowship, renewing the oaths sworn in
ancient times and vowing to continue our traditions of
honor to the best of our ability.

When the reluctance of the commoner kith to ac-
cept our return forced us into the conflict known as the
Accordance War, the Red Branch maintained its high
standards despite the viciousness of the battles in which
we participated. Other knights might forswear their
chivalrous codes when dealing with mobs of commoners,
but we conducted ourselves with dignity and valor both
on and off the field of battle. We were among the first to
protest the Night of Iron Knives, though few commoners
made a distinction between lesser warriors and us. Nev-
ertheless, we dealt reasonably with our enemies, offering

quarter whenever possible and granting all who surren-
dered to us the clemency demanded by our oaths of
knighthood.

Concordias Procectors

David Ardry's emergence came asa blessing from the
Dreaming to all the fae, but most particularly to those of
us sworn to the Red Branch. To us, High King David
seemed the fulfillment of our best ideals, and we banded
together under his rule, swearing ourselves not only to
each other, but also to the High King's banner and to the
dream of Concordia. Thus, we became the guardians of
all the fae, for the High King represented all the children
of the Dreaming.

The end of the Accordance War marked the begin-
ning of our efforts to reestablish trust in the sidhe among
the commoners. Red Branch knights rode throughout
Concordia, proclaiming the High King's edicts of mercy
and amnesty. We monitored the transition of power in
contested regions of Concordia and made certain that
the noble rulers honored the High King's wishes. The
formation of the Parliament of Dreams gave substance to
the belief that commoners and nobles could both con-
tribute to peace among the fae. The Red Branch knights,
who served as the protectors of the Advocates and the
personal guard of the High King, provided the might that
enforced that peace.

During the quarter century of High King David's
reign, Red Branch knights have devoted themselves to
the safety of both king and realm. As bodyguards to the
High King, as knights errant seeking out worthy causes to
aid, as official messengers for Tara-Nar and the Parlia-
ment of Dreams and as defenders of all the fae, the
warriors of the Red Branch upheld the highest standards
of conduct. In battle and off the field, we carried our-
selves with honor, never faltering in our duty to the
Dreaming and to our oaths.

Each knight of the Red Branch bears the responsibil-
ity of recognizing other knights worthy of membership in
our society. Knights whose deeds recommend them to
our attention receive a secret invitation to join our
numbers and undergo a rigorous questioning and testing
by a panel of five Red Branch members. Those who pass
may then swear the oath of the Red Branch. During the
Accordance War, battlefield knightings occasionally
took place asa means of rewarding valorous behavior and
replacing knights who had fallen in battle. We have even


i)

LS

Sr
SO

bestowed the honor of membership on exceptional com- The Branch Divides
moner knights, and a few trolls now belong to our ranks.

When the High King disappeared during his visit to
King Meilge, some fae believed that our lapse of guard-
ianship enabled the catastrophe. In truth, Red Branch
knights remained close to both the High King and Queen
Faerilyth throughout the evening of his disappearance.

Our status as a "secret society" comes not from any

need to hide our membership but from a decision to
forego public glory and adulation. We define ourselves by
our deeds, not by display or acclaim. This secrecy also
keeps us from being besieged by would-be members and

Our investigations reveal no failure of duty on the

gives us the freedom to select members without pressure 5 is . i i" me
part of any of the knights in attendance on Concordia's

from manipulative nobles or ambitious commoners.

SS

XA

A

Ss


monarchs. Nevertheless, our reputation suffers as a re-
sult. Even the devotion of Sir Lleu Ardwyad to the
guardianship of Queen Faerilyth has evoked mixed feel-
ings among Concordia's subjects. Some wags claim that
Sir Lleu harbors an unspoken passion for Faerilyth. More
malicious tongues whisper that he may even have ab-
ducted or killed the High King in order to take his place
at Faerilyth's side. Our actions since the High King's
disappearance have done little to restore faith in our
order.

Instead of rallying behind our ideals and maintaining
order throughout the realm, we have allowed ourselves to
become nothing more than the lackeys of Parliament,
running errands for them and keeping watch over their
do-nothing sessions. Nothing, however, has brought us
so low as our current dilemma: the separating of our
fellowship into rival factions, each supporting a different
candidate for the throne of Concordia.

The Crown and Flame

Those who bear the symbol of the crown and flame
on their shield or blazoned upon their armor uphold the
claim of David Ardry's sister Morwen. These knights
believe that Lady Morwen should hold the throne in her
own right rather than rule as Regent for David's ap-
pointed heir, Princess Lenore. They deny outright any
claim that Faerilyth might have to the throne. The most
outspoken of the Morwenists call for the expulsion of Sir
Lleu Ardwyad from the Red Branch, claiming his actions
in support of Faerilyth amount to treason to the crown.
Many of Morwen's adherents belong to House Gwydion.

The Band of Honor

Those who support the claim of Faerilyth have
adopted a simpler badge to represent their position.
These knights wear a striped armband around one arm.
Lending their voices and swords to the High King's
elevation of his new wife to the position of High Queen
and co-ruler, the Band of Honor claims that until some-
one produces proof of the High King's death, Concordia
still has a ruler—its queen. Almost all Faerilyth's sup-
porters among the Red Branch come from her own house,
Eiluned. A few commoner knights also wear the striped
armband to assert their sympathies with the wife of the
commoners' king.

The Weaver's Knoc

A third faction of the Red Branch supports the
candidacy of Lenore, the High King's duly appointed
heir. Lenore's advocates wear a woven cord around their

32 War in Concordia

wrists as a token of the Dougal princess's chosen craft.
Knights of House Dougal and a few Gwydion who do not
back Morwen tend to belong to the Weaver's Knot.
Their arguments reflect their acceptance of the High
King's own decree naming Lenore as his heir apparent.
While some supporters also accept the idea of Lady
Morwen's Regency, others believe that Lenore, who has
recently come into her wilder years, has the knowledge
and expertise to rule as High Queen in her own right.

The Order of che Lioness

Last but not least of the groups to divide the Red
Branch, the Order of the Lioness stands for the ascen-
dancy of Queen Mab, in whose domain rests Tara-Nar
and who symbolizes both stability and tradition. Fiona
knights of the Red Branch have flocked to the Kingdom
of Apples's ruler with all the passion that marks their
house. Queen Mab's supporters point to her proven
ability to rule and to her staunch support of the High
King's policies of fair dealings toward all the fae. They
maintain that the other three candidates have no expe-
rience in direct rule and that only Queen Mab can
maneuver among the veteran rulers of Concordia while
still holding the hearts of the commoners.

Though Queen Mab's assumption of the guardian-
ship of the Princess Lenore under the tradition of foster-
age has not endeared her to Morwen, her position does
place her close to the High King's appointed heir and
thus places her in competition for the post of Regent
should Lenore attain the throne.

One Hope Remains

Despite the divisiveness that threatens our order,
one path remains. The Red Branch serves Concordia,
not the individual who rules her. Our oaths hold us to one
another, and our loyalty binds us to our land. Let us,
therefore, take the next step and act as caretakers for that
land in the absence of aruler. The sword Caliburn has not
chosen a new wielder, for by his own admission, the eshu
knight who currently bears the blade does so only in order
to locate the rightful bearer. Until that time, no one
individual should usurp the throne. I cannot make my
words plainer than that. The Red Branch should take up
the rulership of Concordia as a group, administering the
laws of the fae in the name of her absent king. Only in this
way can the land continue to prosper. Only thus can the
Red Branch fulfill all its duties without descending into
a collection of warring groups whose very existence
sullies our name.

Ilha hati tne than non Legdhcold Mb Tillie Ha wy
jhe landAlraa tga ful tha wohl eels Met tee ee nqagks as they aidll at wy

ts bow dow before them. Our paths, which crossed in mutual laue, now diverge ab iy
hike calls to like, and we must answer the dictates of our consciences. I fear that rY
nothing we can do wilh bridge the chasm that widens belucen us now that thetides Vr

of war heat upon Concordia shores,

Still, I sand this messags ts you, along with other words that may, perhaph A
at. a compliment. I took it as such then, but times haue changed, and I along with (ey)
to meet. SS

Ifear that you would have ahard time picking me out of a crowd of commonors —
Yor hes Chapige? Whaus had ds lacie, how. ts mabaueh wy witoud the dbialt ot x
Sh Be tonahachi, protecting fromthenahlaataunteeesaill Meigs S|
that you bear little lave for the lost High King, I, too, discounted his importance until Sy)
slights we suffer daily at the hands of yaur bithmates. ven uhen the High King Ss

Ippray that the Dreaming beep ws apartso long as we must stand on different (9)
sides. Despite everything, I remain your beloved, zy}

eA

Chapcer One: Parliamenz of Shavzered Dreams

<<


Common Cause:
A Sluaghs Journal

Where were you when you first heard the news of the
High King's disappearance? News travels quickly; bad
news even more so. Word that David Ardry had vanished
spread through Concordia with astonishing speed. The

a
A
A

news was greeted first with disbelief, discounted asa mere
rumor. Few Kithain did more than shrug their shoulders
and go on about their daily affairs. Yet, those who
listened to the echoes of the Dreaming within them felt
a shudder of fear as they realized that something in the
world of the fae had gone awry.

Fora time, we pretended that nothing had changed.
We listened for news about our missing king, followed
the rumors of Sir Seif's search for King David and tried
not to think too hard about the implications of a leader-
less land—or, worse, a land with too many would-be
leaders. Our Advocates attended the Parliament of
Dreams hoping to find some solution within that body of
leaders, but they returned time and again with the light
of hope dimming in their eyes.

Finally, the news reached us that the Parliament had
called an indefinite r

s. We knew no good could come
of that, since we effectively lost our voice in the halls of
fae power. While the mortal world heralded the mistaken
onset of the grand millennium, we felt instead the chill
of Winter strike our hearts.

Uaicing For the Storm

We first noticed a difference in the nobles we thought
we knew best. While a few seemed truly concerned with
honoring their oaths to protect the commoners under
their rule, the majority of barons and counts grew wary in
the presence of their subjects.

Freeholds that once welcomed any and all common-
ers under the protection of the Dreaming suddenly
acquired new defenses, coming to resemble fortresses.
Commoners desiring entry into these places had to pass
the scrutiny of guards who divested them of anything that
might serve as a weapon.

Further, nobles whose freeholds contained trods that
served as quick means of passage from freehold to free-
hold instituted "rules of passage" to limit the number of
commoners who could use the trods at any one time.
Citing possible dangers posed by the appearance of un-
known and possibly hostile creatures, referred to by some
as Denizens, the nobles and their lackeys tried to con-
vince us that they had devised these new measures to
protect us. A few of us believed them, at first, but soon
enough we realized these reasons were pooka's truths,
concealing their true intent—to monitor and control the
use of the trods by the common kith.

Other draconian measures soon followed. Nobles
started charging commoners usage fees of dross in order to
cross their lands or use their trods. Outright taxation
came later, but not much later. Claiming they needed the
extra Glamour in order to maintain the safety of the
trods, many sidhe lords and ladies sent their reeves to all
the commoner freeholds in their fiefs, collecting tithes of
Glamour. It didn't take us long to see through that ruse.
The taxes served several purposes. First of all, they
deprived us of our hard-won Glamour, weakening us to
the point that we could little afford to invoke the Dream-
ing lest we lose our connection to it. Second, they used
the tithes to keep an accurate accounting of all the
commoners in their realms. Third, they amassed their
own caches of Glamour to bolster their defenses and
reward their lackeys. Clever nobles.

Scoking che Fires

When we thought that we couldn't take any more of
the nobles' increased meddling in our lives, the final
crack appeared in our wall of dreams. I speak of the oaths
of loyalty.

Timed in such a way that we could only suspect some
sort of conspiracy to force the commoners to the nobles'
will, announcements went forth to all the freeholds in
Concordia—or so it seemed at the time. Although the
wording varied from place to place, the proclamations
decreed that every commoner, even those already bound
by oaths of fealty, must swear an oath of loyalty to the
noble in whose realm that commoner resided. The stated
purpose of these oaths was "to make fast the Dreaming in
this time of trouble and secure the peace of Concordia in
the absence of her rightful king." We knew better. The
Shining Host wanted only to provide for their own safety

and to forestall any uprisings that might result from their
y up! ig g)
"safety measures."

The Oachcaken and the Oachfree

Many commoners, fearful of what might happen if
they refused, took the oath and thus bound themselves to
conditions that made rebellion or even strong protest
impossible without becoming oathbreakers. When open
hostilities broke out, the commoners now known as the
Oathtaken became suspect, since their oaths tied them
to their sidhe overlords. The sadness that came with the
realization that friends, lovers and erstwhile allies could
no longer be trusted added even more fuel to the fires of
resentment.

Many others, however, resisted, and the ways they
found to avoid taking the oath were many and devious.
Some refused outright, knowing that this act of defiance
would earn for them the label of outlaw. Fleeing their
freeholds and taking to the roads, these hard-core rebels
became the vanguard of the commoner resistance.

Others simply managed to elude the nobles, sending
apologies for not answering summonses, pleading illness
orsome other excuse for their absence. Many commoner
freeholds posted guards along the trods and physical
roads leading to their holdings so that they might have
enough warning of a patrol of sidhe or troll knights to
make themselves scarce. The most creative of the com-
moners used their ignoble Arts to confuse the minds of
the administrators of the loyalty oath so that they be-
lieved that they had duly discharged their duty and that
the commoners in question had, in fact, taken the oath.
Calling themselves the Oathfree, these stalwart Kithain
took the only path possible after so long a period of
encroaching tyranny. They declared war on the nobles.

< &

The Oach of Loyal AFFigmacion

As the sun guards the day, as the moon and stars
keep watch by night, as the earth upholds the natural
order, so do I guard, watch and support my rightful
lord or lady. Let weakness of eye and ear and limbs
claim me if I fail to remain true to the chosen
protector of the Dreaming, and let the Dreaming
itself forswear me if I renege in my promise to serve
those in authority over me. My hand to your service ,
my heart to your cause, my very soul to your will in
all things! This I so swear.

See)

Xa

SS

Xe
Ss

wT
Ss

TO THE SOLDIERS WHO FIGHT FOR THE DREAM OF FREEDOM:

YOU WHO HEAR MY WORDS HAVE ALREADY SET YOUR FEET
UPON A PATH FROM WHICH THERE IS NO RETURN. THE DREAM
OF CONCORDIA HAS CRUMBLED FROM ITS OWN WEAKNESS, IF,
INDEED, THE DREAM EVER EXISTED OUTSIDE OF THE MIND OF ITS
WELL-INTENTIONED SHAPER. FOR TOO LONG WE HAVE STOOD ON
THE OUTSIDE OF THAT DREAM, OCCASIONALLY ALLOWED A SMALL
PART IN ITS UNFOLDING AS A CONCESSION TO OUR EXISTENCE
WITHIN ITS CONFINES. NOW THAT HE WHO HELD THE DREAM
TOGETHER HAS VANISHED, WE SEE THE SHADOWY CURTAIN OF LIES
THAT HAD BLINDED US TO THE TRUTH OF OUR OPPRESSION. YOU,
MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS, HAVE THE TASK OF BRINGING DOWN
THE OLD DREAM AND PUTTING A NEW ONE IN ITS PLACE, A DREAM
NOT OF ONE MAN'S FRAIL HOPES BUT OFA THOUSAND ASPIRATIONS
AND IDEALS.

I SPEAKTO YOU NOTAS A GENERAL, THOUGH THE DREAMING HAS
PLACED ME IN THAT ROLE FOR NOW, BUT AS A TELLER OF TALES AND
A SPINNER OF TAPESTRIES RICH WITH POSSIBILITIES. YOU, TOO,
BELONG TO THE COMMON DREAM THAT WE MUST ALL CREATE
TOGETHER. IF WE LEARN ONLY ONE LESSON FROM WHAT HAS
BEFALLEN US, IT IS THAT THE DREAM THAT GOVERNS OUR LIVES
MUST NEVERAGAIN RESIDE IN THE VISION OF ONE AND ONLY ONE
INDIVIDUAL. IN ORDER TO SURVIVE, A DREAM MUST BELONG TO
MANY PEOPLE, ALL BELIEVING THAT THEY HOLD A VITAL PART IN ITS
CREATION AND PERPETUATION.

NOW IS THE TIME FOR THE DREAMS OF WARRIORS, WHOSE
STORIES, THOUGH GRIM AND OFTEN BLOODY, ALSO CARRY WITHIN
THEM THE SEEDS OF HOPE AND VICTORY. THE TALES OF BRAVERY
AND SACRIFICE, OF MAGNANIMITY IN VICTORY, RESISTANCE IN
DEFEAT AND, WHEN POSSIBLE, COMPASSION IN CONQUEST BELONG
TO YOU. YOU, MY BRAVE AND STALWART SOLDIERS, RISK YOUR
DREAM-SOULS AS WELL AS YOUR MORTAL BODIES IN THE NAME OF
THE GREATER DREAM OF A FREE REALM IN WHICH GLAMOUR, NOT
THE SHINING HOST, RULES. DO NOT LOOK TO ME FOR ANYTHING
MORE THAN GUIDANCE WHEN NECESSARY. YOU HOLD THE FUTURE
OF ALL OF US IN YOUR HANDS.

HEAR NOW THE TALES OF THE DAWN OF OUR WAR OF LIBERA-
TION AND TAKE HEART FROM THE EXAMPLES OF THOSE MUCH LIKE
YOU. THE OLD DREAM IS DEAD. ALL HAIL THE DREAMS THAT TAKE ITS
PLACE.

WITH RESPECT AND ADMIRATION,

ADAMA, COMMANDING GENERAL OF THE ARMIES OF
THE DREAMING

(Uarcries Echo:
An Eshus Tale

The outbreak of war, the moment in which thought
becomes action and action becomes violence, came
unexpectedly, or so it seemed at the time. Looking back
now on the events as they unfolded, the eyes of the
storyteller—my eyes—can see the unmistakable signs of
inevitability. Too many of us had suffered too long under
the yoke of our taskmasters and our tax collectors. The
little indignities that we commoners accepted as a matter
of course, chalking them off to the innate and occasion-
ally forgivable arrogance of the sidhe, gave way to greater
affronts and outright insults. Finally, with the imposition
of taxes of dross, travel restrictions and the abominations
that passed as loyalty oaths, our patience grew thin and
shattered outright.

Social creatures by nature, we gathered in small
groups to commiserate and speculate on what the next
depredations would involve. Many societies, both open
and secret, adopted new agendas regardless of their
original purpose, engaging in plans for worst case sce-
narios. As conditions grew more restrictive and difficult,
particularly in the Kingdom of Apples, where both Tara-
Nar and the Parliament of Dreams are located, small
gatherings of commoners—and a few sympathetic sidhe,
though not many—met frequently to plan what to do if
the situation grew intolerable. Some commoner free-
holds became hotbeds of rebellion. Other commoners
managed to meet together under the eyes of their sidhe
lords and ladies. It never fails to amaze me how little
attention the nobility pays to the "lesser" creatures so
long as they appear to know their place.

We attempted peaceful negotiations at first. In al-
most all circumstances, the sidhe nobles either refused
outright to discuss any terms with us or else toughened
their stance in response to what they perceived as our
recalcitrance. Matters escalated until only one recourse
remained.

Even then, when anactive and visible protest seemed
the most logical, if not the only, course to take, the
incident that served to ignite the fuse took all of us by
surprise. The most inspired actions usually do. Here is the
tale as I received it, altered only in small ways to provide
a more intelligible story.

ax)

ao 4

NS.

Boscon Hardor Revels:
CDarch 17, 2000

On the evening of March 17, when most of the city
still reeled from the day's festivities and parades, a group
of commoners—most of them members of the Common-
ers' Liberation Organization, though some Ranters un-
doubtedly joined them—led by a young, energetic and
charismatic fox pooka named Fenarius, gathered at Bos-
ton Harbor. Drawn there by rumors that Count
Conerlaihn, one of the more assiduous proponents of
"controls for commoners," had a cache of dross collected
from his vassals and stored aboard his personal ship,
Fenarius and his comrades decided to express their dis-
pleasure in a very visible and prominent fashion.

TOD
MR

RK

ons

SS

~

Disguising themselves as a group of revelers, they
approached the count's pleasure yacht, Reverie, at its
berth in the harbor. Fenarius convinced Conerlaihn's
retainers to let his movable party come aboard the ship to
share some particularly potent brew with them. I'm
certain that they had help from the Dreaming in succeed-
ing in that ruse.

Once they gained the Reverie's deck, they proceeded
to overpower and subdue the crew and seize the dross
aboard the ship. To their surprise, they discovered not
only a sizeable cache of dross taken from the count's
subjects, but also several other containers of dross be-
longing to other local nobles, including Duke Tymon,
whose disdain for commoners had long caused problems
in the Boston area. Questioning the captive crew, Fenarius
learned that the count intended to deliver the dross to
some "buyers" in the Kingdom of Willows. Fenarius and
his fellows offered to provide a more direct method of
delivery to the prospective buyers and dumped the entire
store of dross into the waters of the harbor.

While touted as an enormous "victory" for the com-
moners and a grand lark for Fenarius and company, the
incident later dubbed the Boston Harbor Revels had far
reaching and immediate consequences, not all of them
favorable. When Count Conerlaihn heard that his ship-
ment of dross had fallen afoul of a motley of upstart
commoners, he flew into one of the rages for which his
house is famous (or infamous). Blaming his crew for
incompetence, he had them stripped of their Glamour
and cast out from his freehold to make their own way in
the world as common mortals until such time as the
Dreaming saw fit to touch them again. He increased his


Phy

To the Boctcom of che Sea
As news of the Boston Harbor Revels spread throughout Concordia, many changelings wondered why
Fenarius and his "revelers" chose to unload their booty into the waters of Boston Harbor rather than make
away with the captured dross. Not a few would-be sympathizers criticized the perpetrators for squandering
Glamour, particularly since the precious dross represented the "tithes" from local changelings. When asked

to explain his actions, Fenarius cited the dangers of traveling in "enemy territory" with sucha large quantity
of traceable Glamour.

Coming from a pooka, this patently logical answer alerted many that heard it to the likelihood that
something else motivated the decision to dispose of the Glamour. Speculations finally settled on one of two
possibilities. Rumored sightings of an odd-looking, submersible chimerical vehicle in Boston Harbor's Near
Dreaming have led to suspicions that nocker co-conspirators had lain in wait to harvest the dumped
containers of dross, spiriting them off via sea trod to some secret hideaway for later use by the rebels. Another
popular rumor concerns the reputed alliance between some commoners and the enigmatic and mysterious
merfolk; it's claimed that the dross tossed into the harbor served as a payment in Glamour for the assistance
of the sea changelings. A third theory maintains that pirate ships from the Fiefs of Bright Paradise lay in wait
just outside the harbor, ready to send out divers to retrieve the dross, and that Fenarius and his troops have

taken out letters-of-marque with the Fiefs' most notorious privateers and buccaneers in order to forestall
assistance from the fae in lands across the ocean from Concordia.

38 War in Concordia


levy on his vassals, demanding even more Glamour to
replace his lost supply, and sent his knights on a sweep of
his holdings in search of the perpetrators of the theft.

Though Fenarius and his crew managed to disappear
into the night, hiding out among friends and, later,
leaving the barony despite the restrictions on travel,
other commoners who had the misfortune to resemble
one of the dross snatchers suffered the count's wrath. A
band of sidhe and trolls sworn to the count swept through
their lord's lands, stopping at every freehold with letters
of search and seizure. These enforcers demanded dross
from everyone within each place they visited. Worse,
they forced one member of each freehold to return with
them to the count's freehold as guarantees of the good
behavior of the other residents. Appeals to a higher
authority had no response, for Conerlaihn's liege, Duke
Tymon, lent his full support to the count and refused to
hear any petitions from commoners regarding their treat-
ment.

ST

No doubt, Conerlaihn hoped his penalties would
harden the commoners against the rebels who had, after
all, brought about the harsh measures through their
actions. Fenarius and his allies had done their work well,
however; the commoners refused to fall for the count's
ploys. Instead, they decided that the time had come to
take astand. Without exception, the harried commoners
of Conerlaihn's lands formed themselves into an army,
meeting and drilling in secret in preparation for a time
they knew would not be long in coming.

The Baccle of Coldforc

Asnews of the Boston Harbor Revels spread through-
out the Kingdom of Apples, commoners suddenly found
their dreams of freedom reemerging. The thought that
somehow we might break the three-decade-long tyranny
of the sidhe once and for all took root and blossomed.
Secret meetings took on a new urgency. Motleys joined
together to form local militias and hone their combat

~~ 4

22)

NS
we

SSS

a)


skills in anticipation of open hostilities. By the middle of
April, an army of commoners sprang into existence.
Though still a force of undisciplined irregulars scattered
widely throughout the realm, the Armies of the Dream-
ing—for that is what we had begun to call ourselves—
waited only for an opportunity to test our newfound
solidarity. Our chance came within a month of the
Boston Harbor affair and centered around the small
freehold of Coldfort near New Haven, Connecticut.

Upon hearing a plea from the beleaguered common-
ers of Coldfort to come to their aid, an assault force of
irregulars from the Commoners' Liberation Organization
traveled by night from their headquarters in Boston to
New Haven. Joining up with the local commoner militia
led by a young satyr firebrand named Andros, the com-
bined forces marched on Coldfort with the intention of
liberating the freehold from its tyrannical ruler.

Situated atop a hill overlooking the city of New
Haven, Coldfort commanded a good view of its sur-
roundings. Apart from its location on high ground,
however, the freehold had little in the way of defenses
from armed assault.

Our forces outnumbered the defenders of Coldfort.
Attacking by surprise, Andros led his irregulars up the
hill and toward the outer walls of the small, fortlike
structure. The residents of the freehold fell back as we
pressed beyond the gates and into the inner courtyard.
The first casualty occurred when one of the defenders, a
dog pooka, fell beneath the spiked gauntlets of a redcap
irregular.

40 War in

Concordia

The sight of the pooka's broken body galvanized
both sides into greater fury, bringing home to attackers
and defenders the cruel truth that war had come to the fae
of Concordia.

Tactically, the battle belonged to the attackers.
Andros had numerical superiority as well as the benefit of
surprise. Furthermore, his irregulars, while not quite an
"army," had trained for just such an opportunity to rise up
against the nobility. What no one counted on was the
courage of one of the baroness's vassals, a troll childling
whose heroic defense of her lady's freehold earned her the
respect of both sides. Though she nearly lost an eye in the
battle, Idrisia's tenacious stand at the doorway to the
freehold itself rallied the defenders.

Inspired by the sight of the young warrior maiden,
blood streaming down her face and angry determination
radiating in her stance, the Kithain of Coldfort closed
ranks and steadily drove back Andros's irregulars, break-
ing the impetus of their charge.

In the wake of rumors (later proven false) that an
army of sidhe knights from a nearby freehold were riding
to the assistance of Coldfort, Andros called for a retreat,
leaving the freehold in the hands of its defenders.

Though we lost the battle, we sent a message to the
nobles of Concordia that they could not ignore. Within
a fortnight, other sidhe-held freeholds came under as-
sault by commoner armies, untrained militia and unruly
mobs of changelings. The war for freedom had begun.

Coldforc: The Ocher Side of the Scory

Since laying claim to Coldfort in the days following the Accordance War, Baroness
Agriana of House Fiona had ruled her small freehold in keeping with the guidelines set
by the High King. Few commoners in her realm voiced any complaints about her and,
indeed, looked upon her as a gracious liege, exemplifying many of the best qualities of her
house and her kith.

The years, however, did not treat the baroness kindly. As she passed from wilder to
grump, she became more intolerant of change, particularly with regard to the weakening
of respect for authority among the younger changelings under her rule. Asa Traditionalist,
she firmly believed in the sidhe's inherent right of rulership. She also maintained a
commitment to the protection of her subjects according to the feudal bond. The more
modern attitudes of many of her newer subjects disturbed her, though she attempted to
understand the changing times.

A staunch admirer of Queen Mab as well as a supporter of the High King, Baroness
Agriana grew distraught when news of David Ardry's disappearance reached her. With the
accompanying erosion of established authority and the collapse of the Parliament of
Dreams, the baroness feared the worst. Where once she believed implicitly in the goodwill
of her commoner vassals, she now imagined renegades and reprobates at every turn.
Retreating more and more into the seclusion of her freehold, she fell prey to the early stages
of Bedlam. Nightmarish chimera born of her own dark imaginings haunted her nights, and
bad news filled her days.

After consulting with many of her peers, other nobles who also felt threatened by the
swiftly deteriorating political climate in Concordia, the baroness initiated a course of
drastic actions intended to ensure the loyalty of her subjects. Almost overnight, the
barony became an armed encampment. The baroness forbade her subjects from traveling
outside the borders of Coldfort and denied them contact with any commoners not pledged
to her own allies. As the grumblings grew louder, Baroness Agriana responded by issuing
proclamations forbidding her subjects to carry weapons and requiring them to swear new
oaths of loyalty. Those who refused found themselves cast out of their freeholds and
banished from the barony.

Ironically, many of the commoners of Coldfort would have rallied behind their
baroness out of genuine loyalty, realizing that her paranoia came from fear rather than
from any real malevolence. These supporters complied with their baroness's demands,
though they did not understand why Agriana felt a need for such harsh measures. Foremost
among the baroness's devoted followers, the troll childling Idrisia distinguished herself in
the battle, winning the respect of her enemies and setting an example for her companions.

(i
ie)
is

Yo those who have uot yel nade lheir choices, a leller of hope:
You who read these words, written in haste and prepared for speedy
delivery by couriers from the Unicorns house, realize thal J have ouly
ny Onn eyes as witness fo whal J have seen. J have walched will, Sroroing
horror as the peace thal was so hard wou lle decades ago tas shat-
tered. athile commoner and uoble once more face each olher across a
tld of bloody ballle, and as my own Scalhach brolhers aud sisters qind
themselves caught on boll sides, J have nol yet found my own place in
the scheme of things. Justead, ny companions and 2 have dedicaled
ourselves to the promulgation of news, riding the brods lale al wight bear-
\ ing word of ballles foudlt and won or lost, of frecholds fallen or strond-
holds defended, of heroic deeds and less savory actions.
This communiqué differs trom most, however, for what J have to
tell—of what 9 saw and whal came afler-—fille me wilh both a theill of
hope and a shudder of fear. J} you have received earlier messages
} from me or my fellow riders, then you luow that our words relate the trudh
as we know it. Ze have no reason to lie. This, then, is the true fale of
what witnessed last atighevummer Nidld.
May the Du bear witness to my words.

ee

y Rowena the Just, Senior Rider

Riders of the Iidwisht Yrode

ao



called forth echoes of times long past. His form and face
drew my attention, since they both approached a stan-
dard of perfection seldom encountered outside of artistic
renderings of heroes and legends. I think I knew that he
had just arrived from the Dreaming and was somehow
connected to the pyrotechnic display I had witnessed
earlier on the silver path.

I gave him greeting, as one knight to another, and
asked him if I could assist him in any fashion. "I seek my
home and my crown, lady," he said in a voice that hardly
rose above a whisper yet thundered like a clarion call in
my heart. The voice of a king, I thought. I introduced
myself and asked his name. His eyes narrowed as he heard
me announce my house, but he made no comment except
to acknowledge my words with a graceful nod.

"Tam Danwyn ap Gwydion," he said. "I have urgent
news for your High King."

"You seek the one thing that I cannot give you," |
replied, "for our High King has disappeared, and none has
yet claimed his throne."

Sir Danwyn's face grew troubled as he listened to my
words. "Then it seems that my arrival has taken on anew
purpose," he said, his voice growing stern and decisive.
"A land cannot survive without a ruler, and if none here
be fit to rule or to claim the throne, then perhaps the
Dreaming has called me where there is need."

My first impulse, as I heard the confidence in his
voice and saw the utter sincerity shining from his coun-
tenance, was to drop to my knees and swear fealty to him.
Something inside me, however, warned me not to act on
impulse, and I withdrew a few paces to regard him more
dispassionately.

"Forgive me for seeming impertinent, sir," I said, "but
many others press their claims to the throne of Concordia.
Do you have a claim that will stand against theirs?"

The knight smiled, and I saw the keen hunger of the
falcon regard me from his eyes. "My claim will stand up
to any, save that of the missing king himself, I believe,"
he said. "Yet perhaps I should take the advice you are
about to offer and make myself acquainted with this
realm and its subjects before | present my credentials."

I closed my mouth upon the words I had been about
to utter and regarded him with something akin to trepi-
dation. Surely he could not be a prophet as well as a

44 War in Concordia

knight anda would-be king! "I have a message to deliver,
sit," I said, cautiously refraining from explaining the
nature of my current package of news and letters. "When
I return from my rounds, I shall be happy to help you find
accommodations suiting your rank."

Sir Danwyn nodded his agreement, or so I thought at
the time. In retrospect, his gesture might have signified
dismissal, though I shall never know for certain. With
that, I left him concealed within an arbor of trees and
went about my business.

Some hours later, I returned to the place where I had
left Sir Danwyn. The area was deserted and, despite a
thorough search, I could find no sign of his departure—
itwas almostas if the Dreaming that had cast him into the
world had once again taken him into itself.

1 opened the Garden trod and made my way back to
my starting point, still bemused by the evening's odd
events. As the days passed, however, the incident faded
from my mind

Within a few weeks, rumors coursed through the
Kingdom of Apples: A new claimant to the High King's
throne had arisen, a Gwydion knight of such grace and
natural nobility that many changelings already commit-
ted to other candidates were abandoning their causes to
flock to his banner. It did not take me long to realize that
this rising star among the Shining Host was none other
than Sir Danwyn.

Since then, I have made it my business to follow the
progress of this knight from a distance, watching him
closely for some indication that he is worth my loyalty. I
very nearly gave my oath to him when | first met him, and
that utter willingness to submit my will to his terrified
me. Now I have seen that my reaction but presaged the
reactions of others.

My tale nears its conclusion. I wish only to proffer
some remarks for consideration by those who read these
words. Should you encounter Sir Danwyn and find his
arguments convincing, ask yourself a few questions be-
fore you decide to cast your lot with him. Who is this
knight so fresh from the Dreaming yet so familiar with
Concordia and its troubles? What brings him to us now
rather than at some other time? Does his coming presage
hope in the face of the coming Winter, or is he a
harbinger of Winter personified?


You. wanda bathe cry? low about "Death to the Sidhel™ Leb-na ef this

straight, ip case you missed it the first.time around when we surrendered

our guts and:our souls to David.the: Wonder Boy, The ndbles fucked us during
and after the Accordance War. The "accords" that brought the war to aa
end gave everything te the winners-and dumped a. load of" shit 00 "the heads f

of the losers.

You gail deny that? You want to PAs t with a short Wet of ee :
r

nobles"? You say your baroness is different-from the others, she respects
you? So'how come she has. title and" you don't? Who has a*louder voice
io. the affairs ‘of her barony, you of your \ady? Get my ardte Se

ab

Tf you're not a noblerin Concordia, oucarent worth the-costents

toilet—chimerical or otherwise, 1s -taken us thirt years toleare this lesson'

For awhile, we believed that things would get better, that King Dayid's peace
would pave the way for a new and better world. We Were "fools, The
Catciies

libert loving commoners "who broke their backs to- survive: in. a world. that
didn't? want us; didn't believe in us: aid. gave us 00 quarter. a

ry

Now Davids gone, and thes whole gingerbread Woes has gone dela.' he!
nee oe crumbled, the bare door stands qaeing and the shit has most definitely
hit: the faa. rice : iia ‘ So NER:

How's that for eloquence?

T'm-no-orater. and you're not here for oe $ sha Va, Resim Stee

the truth about the war? Then bend: over and I'l) give it to you <

—from a speech by Robgut Redheim; recruiter for the Urban Penick League

ian Dream did not have® room for the \Kes of us the foumouthed

"s Kae

Y
ge

XS

en
Re

Ps)


Fields of Blood:
A Redcaps Craving

Too many of us have faced the Undoing since the
end of the Accordance War. Unlike the pretty nobles
who hide in their freeholds to extend their years, most of
us don't have that luxury. We have to live in the world
and grab Glamour where we can, even if we have a
freehold to shelter in when the winds of Banality blow
too cold.

Ww

A lot of commoners mourned the disappearance of
the High King as if he were some great friend and
protector. A lot of commoners have big gaping holes
where their brains should be. David's disappearance
couldn't have come at a better time. The old ways have
just about worn out their welcome, and most of the weak-
willed so-called leaders of the "common folk" have grown
too old to care or remember who they were or what they
gave up to receive permission from the nobles to con-
tinue their existence.

Get this straight. I'm not here to discuss which
candidate would make a better High King or Queen. I'm
talking about a real revolution, an off-with-their-heads,
cold-iron-to-the-gut-of-every-noble uprising of the com-
moners against the antiquated tyrants who have walked
all over us for thirty years.

DSI

This is not some civilized dispute over ascendancy.
This is war, bloody, vicious, exhilarating, serious—did I
say bloody?—war. Those of you who have made the
decision to cast off the yoke of slavery to the so-called
nobility need to understand one thing before you go any
further. If you join us, there is no turning back. From this
day forward, every "decent" changeling will revile you for
what you do.

Let Adama lead his Armies of the Dreaming to their
slaughter as he tries to fight an honorable war against a
foe who invented the rules of honorable combat. Our
army doesn't call itself an army. We don't march in
formations or wage carefully plotted out campaigns. Our
weapons are cold iron, terror and things that go "boom"
in the night. Our goal: the annihilation of the ruling
class. And yes, I mean it when I say "death to the sidhe!"

Undoubtedly you've heard of our opening sally. If
you haven't, let me tell you a story that will chill your
heart, curl your toes and tickle the fancy of every true
redcap who hears it.

46 (ar in Concordia

CDassacre at Count Granize

The freehold at Mount Granite, in the mountains of
New Hampshire, might seem an inoffensive place and an
unlikely target for those anxious to strike a blow for
freedom. No important lords or ladies made their home
there. Far from it; the self-effacing Liam lord who ruled
Mount Granite had an impeccable reputation for treat-
ing his subjects with absolute egalitarianism—not to
mention his solicitous attitude toward the Dreamers in
the small artists' community at the foot of the mountain
freehold. As a matter of fact, Sir Brannian served as a
shining example of King David's much vaunted peace—
and that fact alone put him at the top of our list of those
targeted for "Urban Renewal."

We believe in the usefulness of object lessons, and
our lesson for September 12, 2000, was a simple one. You
don't have to be notorious or infamous to get cacked by
the forces of anarchy—all you have to do is "be."

The simpletons at Mount Granite made our task
almost too easy. Sir Brannian's boggan seneschal wel-
comed an itinerant nocker, cast out of his freehold and
desperate for Glamour, with open arms. Although Carver
told his host that he just wanted shelter from the rain and
anight near the Balefire, the lord of the freehold insisted
that his guest take advantage of the full three days of
hospitality. In return, a grateful Carver offered to make
whatever repairs he could within the freehold, gratis.

Just like that, we were in.

Over the next three days, ouragent-in-place gave poor,
trusting Sir Brannian's freehold a complete overhaul, in-
stalling fool-proof locks, refurbishing his security system,
cleaning his basement and improving his defenses, al-
though Sir Brannian assured Carver that he had no fear of
the commoners in his holding rising against him.

On the third night, we struck in force. From our
hiding places within Mount Granite's very walls, we
infiltrated every floor of the freehold. The pair of troll
guards proved the most difficult, for we had to take them
by surprise and without rousing the rest of the house.
Fortunately, Carver had the foresight to dose their food
with a powerful emetic. We grabbed them in the crapper
and cut their throats before they could pull up their pants.

The rest of the incursion was just too easy. We paraded
from room to room, killing most of the household in their
sleep. We saved Sir Brannian and his seneschal for last,
although we grabbed them right after we offed the trolls. It's
amazing how dumbfounded a sidhe can become when he's
awakened by the thud of a beloved guard's head as it lands
on his chest in the middle of the night.


Watching their faces while we did the childlings,
however, made it all worthwhile. Taking the lord of the
freehold and his poor pants-pissing seneschal came al-
most as an anticlimax.

The papers carried a story about a bizarre multiple
murder inasecluded homestead in the mountains of New
Hampshire. So far, the police have failed to find either a
motive or any hint as to the identity of the perpetrators.
But the message traveled to its intended audience, the
othernoblesofConcordia. Ifharmless,commoner- loving
nobles like Sir Brannian could meet such a horrific end,
then no one was safe from the armies of liberation.

Our message is absolute: no mercy for the sidhe and
theirlackeys. Your deeds won'tsave you. Your friends will
die with you. We intend to rid the world of the scum that
call themselves our overlords. Only then can the com-
moners regain the freedom we sacrificed three decades
ago on the altar of honor and accord.

End of story.

Ch

>YS

‘mY
ame

Redhelms Words co Kill oy :

© Nobles—aren't.

© If it looks like a sidhe, acts like a sidhe
and bleeds like a sidhe, it probably was.

¢ If it claims to be noble and it's still
moving, make it stop.

¢ When a noble asks for mercy, take his
head in one clean stroke. Otherwise, take your
time.

© The only good sidhe is—wait, there are
no good sidhe.

¢ Fiona, Gwydion, Liam, Ailil, it's all just
a matter of, well, taste, if you know what |
mean.

¢ It's only cold iron when it goes in—the
blood warms it right up.

apccr One: Parliamenc of Sharvered Dreams 47


| grow too old For this. Yet again the searing winds of prophecy
scream through my body, ripping my Limbs From their sockets and
burning my lungs with their scouring passage. Once more | cry ovt
In agony af the Light of visions From the Dreaming pierces my
eyes. The blood boils in my veins and my heart thunders In my
chest.

When | was a maiden, my voice sang with the summer chores.
Even $0, when my loins gave birth, | rejoiced in the Fulsomeness
of the harvest and gloried in the resplendence of my years. Now
that | have seen too many seasons, all time shivers with the chill
of a winter that has come to Stay. for many years now, | have
embraced the winter court and led a darker sony among the
Singers In the shadows.

All my dreams have come to pass. | saw the passing of the host
From grim Arcadia into the harsh yet vibrant world of Flesh and
Autumn. | witnessed the call to arms and the accords of peace.
| Felt the desolation of the land as its leader Fell From grace into
the cold, dark pit of ivon-clad nightmares. | heard the screams
of a realm once again at war, with no mercy asked or given, and
no hope for a peaceful resolution.

Now other visions batter at the weary doorway of my spirit.
| cannot hold them back, yet | fear the messages that even now
pour From my Lips. This, | know, if ovr Fate—but if it our salvation

of ovr doom?
—from the Visions of Yordana, Lady High Ritualist of the Shadow Court

CUords From che Shadow:
A Seers Dreams

The Second Reaving of the CDiscs
Again the clarion mists grow thin
Sound the warning _ cold ones retum

Ring the changes old hopes arise
Close the portals new dreams remain

Yordana's Interpretation: Those who scribed
this prophecy tell me I spoke these words in a flat-
voiced cadence, as if stepping to some long, slow
processional rhythm. What meaning lies behind these
measured phrases? Within this verse | see hints of anew
revelation. The first part of each line indicates some form

iS

of announcement or warning, while the second half of
the line describes an event—the thinning of the mists,
the return of the cold ones, the rising up of old hopes and
the assurance that new dreams remain in the world.

Does this refer to a change in the nature of the
Dreaming itself? Perhaps the Mists that prevent us from
remembering our home will now disperse, freeing us to
participate fully in our ancient heritage. Perhaps some-
thing else comes from the Mists. The possibility also
exists that this "prophecy" actually pertains to the recent
arrival of the Dark-kin, although I cannot believe that
hindsight operates in this manner. I can only surmise that
these words serve as both an admonition and a proclama-
tion. But of what? And when?

The Coming of the Falcons Child

From the Dreaming

Falcon flying

Kingdom dying

Autumn calling

Cycle turning

Comes the child who is no child, whose mother is no
mother and whose father is no father

Comes the king who is no king, whose throne is no throne,
whose sword is no sword

To the Dreaming

Falcon soaring

Kingdom erying

Winter falling

Bonfire burning


Yordana's Interpretation: This prophecy indicates
the appearance of a new figure in our midst, one who
more fully embodies the need fora king to lead us through
the inevitable Winter. The ascension of David Ardry to
the throne of Concordia now seems but a precursor to an
even greater occurrence. Do these words, however, refer
to the rise or the fall of House Gwydion, or do they
presage the coming of something entirely new from the
limitless storehouse of creativity that we know and revere
as the Dreaming?

The particulars of this "child" certainly suggest some-
one out of legend. Like many heroes from the time of
myth, the subject of this verse possesses an origin wrapped
in mystery and surrounded by apparent contradictions.
The references to winter and bonfires suggest not only
the obvious Samhain celebration, but also a return to the
ancient, now abandoned tradition of the annual sacrifice
of the ruler to the land. Could this be the sign that such
a return to the old ways lies before us?

The Rise of che Sleeping Courts

Out of their deep slumber, when the first long snows of
winter break the branches of their forest prison, shall they stir
in old anger.

Out of their iron cages, when the icy winds blow across
the watery deeps, shall they whisper in harsh anticipation.

Out of their ancient longing, when the crimson eye opens
in unleashed fury, shall they emerge in readiness for battle.

Who will stand against them?

Where now rides the Shining Host?

Who wields the sword and spear?

Where is the casque of sorrows?

Who will find the keys?

Yordana's Interpretation: The oldest legends speak
of creatures inimical to our kind, of ancient battles and
harsh resolutions, of curses and geasa brought about in
order to preserve the existence of the children of the
Dreaming. | almost fear to attempt to interpret this verse,
for its meaning—even without explication—terrifies
me. Those we once fought and vanquished are even now
stirring in their slumber. Their prisons and places of exile
grow weak as winter approaches and the time comes
when they, too, will hear the call and awaken to inhabit
the world they left long, long ago.

If this happens, we shall surely fall to their stored-up
hatred unless we possess the means to overcome them.
Ancient foes require ancient weapons, and many of those
items from the time of legends have disappeared into the
Mists.

To me the most disturbing aspect by far is the
reference to the opening of the crimson eye. Those of us
who have seen the Eye of Balor in the skies of the Near
Dreaming have not slept easily since our first sighting of
its ominous presence. We may need more than mere
heroes to ensure our survival if all comes to pass as I have
foreseen.

The Winzer King

After the Samhain fires have purified the bones of the
summer court

After the first fell flakes of winter snow have purged the
ground of signs of autumn

After the fruits of summer wither on the vine in vain
pursuit of spring's remission

Only then will come the one who walks in winter's glory,
clad in starlight and crowned with crystal tears

Only then will come the lord of winter, who holds the fate
of all who dream and all who walk in dreams in his hands

Only then will come the king of the dark season, who
alone can ken the secret of the hidden sleepers

Yordana's Interpretation: David Ardry fulfilled the
promise of the summer king, the Seelie ruler whose
established order would usher in a period of stability to
heal the breach caused by the Accordance War. I would
put forward the premise that these words prophesy the
coming of a new scion to rule the fae during the swiftly
approaching winter. The winter king, as my prophecy
suggests, embodies the aspects most closely associated
with that season—night and cold and frozen tears. Again,
a reference to the "bones of the summer court" seems to
indicate that the Dreaming wishes us to return to the
ancient and venerable practice of ritual regicide.

Just as the verse referring to the "sleeping courts" fills
me with dread, these words instill within me a sliver of
hope, although it is a winter's promise, dark and cold and
filled with grim purpose.

Timeline

June 6, 1998: David disappears; search begins. Faerilyth and Morwen
declare sides.

Lenore moves to Mab's court. Faerilyth continues the tour of Concordia
as an act of faith in her husband's continued survival.

Jan. 2000: Parliament of Dreams meets once again to try to resolve
issue of succession. After endless debate, members are at each others'
throats with no clear winner and dozens of sides.

Mar 17, 2000: The "tea party" in Boston Harbor (aided by pirate raiders
from the Fiefs of Bright Paradise) galvanizes the nobles into a frenzy and
puts the commoners on alert that they had better act quickly.

April 19, 2000: The Battle of Coldfort takes place, consisting of a
commoner assault on the freehold of Coldfort. A young female troll named
Idrisia rallies the defenders and they win the day, but the violence spreads
to nearby freeholds. This is the "official" beginning of the War for Concordia.

July 17, 2000: The appearance of Danwyn ap Gwydion from the
Dreaming and the beginning of his Crusade of Dreams.

September 12, 2000: Rotgut Redhelm and the Urban Renewal League
begin their campaign of terror with the massacre of all the residents of
Mount Granite Freehold.


Divided Ce Scand:
Secret Sociecies and
CDozleys

Secret societies proliferate through all strata of fae
society. In many cases, the "secret" of these groups'
existence has long ago spanned the gap between hushed
rumors and loudly proclaimed facts. Other societies have
retained their clandestine nature. As prewar anxieties
spread throughout Concordia, members of these social-
and goal-oriented groups gather together to discuss pos-
sible strategies in the event of open warfare. When war
finally breaks out, many of these groups come down
firmly on one side or another—or another. Others, like

the Red Branch, splinter into factions as the war divides
them by allegiance toa potential successor or some other
pertinent issue.

While by no means a comprehensive listing of all the
secret societies of the fae, the groups covered in this
summation give an idea of just how deeply the war has
penetrated the collective consciousness of the sons and
daughters of the Dreaming.

Updazes on Existing Societies

Many of the societies already entrenched in the fae
social order have come into their own because of the
political upheaval. While some groups have sprung into
furious activity, feeling that their time has come at last,
others have scrambled to find a place for themselves or to
redefine their goals in the light of recent events.

Betcaine Blade

Led by the outspoken Traditionalist Duke Dray,
cousin to Duke Dafyll of Accordance War fame (or
infamy), the Beltaine Blade has emerged as a major factor
in the war for Concordia. Never happy with the High
King's compromises with the commoners, members of
the Blade secretly—or not so secretly, in some cases—
rejoice at the disappearance of David Ardry. Even so, the
Blade has not settled upon a single candidate among the
contenders for the throne. By and large, the Beltaine

(ar in Concordia

2.

a Nos ge ~ VY Vex

Blade considers Faerilyth nothing more than an exten-
sion of her husband; her rule, they maintain, would only
encourage further concessions to the commoners and
result in an even greater erosion of sidhe power bases.
Both the Princess Lenore and David's sister Morwen
have some support among members of the Blade who
perceive Lenore as malleable and able to be influenced by
the proper advisors and recognize in Morwen a less
conciliatory attitude toward commoners.

Both Duke Dray (naturally) and King Meilge of the
Kingdom of Willows have strong adherents, though
neither individual has openly proclaimed a desire to
enter the battle for the throne. For the most part, the
Beltaine Blade has taken the opportunity caused by the
outbreak of war to reassert its strong conviction that the
nobility should hold all the strings. Citing the recent
examples of rebellion and insubordination, the members
point to the danger of allowing commoners any but the
shortest of leashes. Almost without exception, this group
intends to use the current disorder to recoup its loss of
power under the High King's rule and increase its influ-
ence in fae society. See Noblesse Oblige and Nobles:
The Shining Host for more information on the Beltaine
Blade and its membership.

The Cacacomd Clud

Composed primarily of commoner nobles, the Cata-
comb Club desires the restoration of its lost prestige and
power since the Resurgence. While many of its older
members have fallen to Banality, a few of the original
membership still remain and have passed their legacy of
bitter nostalgia and broken dreams on to younger but no
less ambitious up-and-comers.
acomb Club
have little sympathy for its members, suspecting them of

Most commoners who know of the C:

merely wanting to substitute their own rule for that of the
sidhe. The Ranters, in particular, have singled out the
Catacomb Club's most prominent spokespersons as tar-
gets. Since the disbanding of the Parliament of Dreams,
many Club members who had served as commoner Ad-
vocates have sought to establish their own power base
within the aegis of the Catacomb Club.

In particular, one group of Advocates has formed a
fae version of the colonial Congressional Committee
with the intent of drafting a constitution for the "New
Concordia" to make certain that government "of the
commoners, by the commoners and for the commoners"
becomes part and parcel of any new regime.

Though it has enemies in both commoner and noble
society, the Catacomb Club clings to its goals with a
tenacity born of desperation and fired by opportunity.
More information on the Catacomb Club can be found
in Nobles: The Shining Host and The Fool's Luck:
The Way of the Commoner.

Cacs Cradle

The Seelie and Unseelie noblewomen who make up
this clandestine network dedicated to the survival of the
fae have fallen upon hard times in the aftermath of the
outbreak of war. Both Faerilyth and Mab belong to the
Cat's Cradle, and while each of them wishes to avoid
widespread turmoil, each finds herself drawn by her
supporters further and further away from the Cradle's
goals. Despite the society's lofty aims, its members have
little real understanding of the plight of the commoners.
They decry the factionalism that shatters the community
of the fae without truly realizing the real divisions that
separate the rulers of changeling society from the vast
majority of Kithain.

Similar to the knights of the Red Branch, their ideals
and commitment to a higher cause suffer from the break-
down of the social structure. The loss of the High King,
a visionary leader and a secret supporter of the Cradle's
work, has caused irreparable damage to the threads of the
Cradle. Nobles: The Shining Host and The Shadow
Court contain additional material relating to the Cat's
Cradle and its goals.

The Childrens Crusade

With the outbreak of hostilities between nobles and
commoners, the youthful assassins of the Children's
Crusade have come into their own. Taking advantage of
the custom of fosterage, members of this group have
ensconced themselves within the freeholds of nobles
targeted for assassination. While most sidhe nobles refuse
to believe in the existence of child assassins, a few now

regard their youngest vassals with suspicion. This, of
course, does nothing to ease relations between common-
ers and nobles—a factor that only strengthens the cause
of the antinobility movements.

The displacement of many commoners from their
freeholds has provided the powers behind the Children's
Crusade with a pool of potential recruits, as homeless
childlings seek refuge with anyone willing to grant them
aplace to call home. In return for shelter and a supply of
Glamour, many castaways gladly learn the arts of stealth
and murder under the quiet and insistent tutelage of the
Shadow Court. More information on the Children's
Crusade can be found in The Shadow Court and The
Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner.

Cmmas Liccle Helpers

This organization of female redcaps, currently led by
a particularly vicious and outspoken member known as
"the Hellion," has taken it upon itself to strike terror in
the hearts of as many male Kithain as possible. Though
they prefer to target sidhe and trolls, the Little Helpers
have little compunction about expanding their reper-
toire to include other kith when the opportunity arises.
Since the disappearance of the High King, who report-
edly threatened numerous times to outlaw the organiza-
tion, many former Advocates of the Parliament of Dreams
have found themselves the recipients of anonymous
threats by individuals claiming to represent the Little
Helpers.

Officially, Emma's Little Helpers maintains that it
serves as an advocate for abused women and children.
Certainly, the members have participated in rescue op-
erations against Dauntain and have acted as protectors
for many female commoners.

Their penchant for overt acts of violence, however,
has increased with the deterioration of the social order
among the fae in Concordia. In some areas, the Helpers
have taken the "law" into their own hands, claiming
abandoned freeholds and instituting their own brand of
"due process." The Fool's Luck: The Way of the
Commoner contains additional information on Emma's
Little Helpers and its notorious leader.

Sean
A

re
a8

TOOH
RE

a
7
My

Ayo

Die


LV KXKK

1)

Cyes of Bator

These covert operatives of House Balor have long
anticipated this moment. From their positions inside
freeholds throughout Concordia, these masters of dis-
guise and espionage now see their opportunity to strike
back against the hated children of the Tuatha. With the
fall of the Parliament of Dreams and the fracturing of the
Red Branch, the major bastions of order in Concordia
have suffered irreparable damage, and the Eyes of Balor
hope to take advantage of their enemies' weakness.
Whether masquerading as a loyal Dougal vassal of a
Gwydion lord or as an Eiluned sorceress taking part in
regular meetings of the Cat's Cradle, the Eyes of Balor
await only their instructions to carry out their true
mission.

While the Eyes remain one of House Balor's best kept
secrets, a few members of the Shadow Court suspect their
existence and hope to use them to solidify their own
position in the escalating hostilities. The Eyes, however,
have their own plans for the Shadow Court.

More information on the Eyes of Balor can be found
in Pour L'Amour et Liberté: The Book of Houses 2.

The Golden Sickle

Although ostensibly removed from the drama and
intrigue of changeling politics, members of the Golden
Sickle have plunged heart and pocketbook into the war
for Concordia. Made up primarily of Modernists who
believe that reaching an accommodation with the Au-
tumn World holds the key to the future of the fae, the
Golden Sickle controls much of Concordia's finances.
Particularly in the Kingdom of Apples, where the finan-
cial hub of New York City exercises its own peculiar
Glamour in the form of money and power, the Sickle
takes a keen interest in the current state of affairs.

Their Modernist tendencies lead them to shy away
from any hint of a return to the traditional sidhe-based
form of feudal paternalism. Most members either support
Faerilyth, who promises to continue the progressive
policies of her husband, or else they back Lenore, the
designated heir to the throne of Concordia. Those who
believe that David still lives fall into Faerilyth's camp,
while those who suspect that David is dead ally them-
selves with Lenore. A very few support Morwen for High
Queen in her own right, rather than as Lenore's Regent.

Too many members of the Sickle feel that Morwen may
not share her brother's pragmatic streak and fear that
pressure from sidhe Traditionalists may lead her along a
reactionary path.

The influence of King Meilge, former guardian of
Faerilyth and one of her strongest supporters, has led
many members of the Sickle to provide financial and
other mundane forms of support to Faerilyth's cause.
Nobles: The Shining Host provides more information
on the Golden Sickle.

Guardians of the Gaces

While the members of this society of Balor sidhe
purport to act as guardians of the Paths of Balor and
protectors of the roads through the Dreaming from the
terrible Fell beasts who lurk nearby, the Guardians have
a more sinister purpose. These Balor sidhe have insinu-
ated themselves into one of the most powerful positions
in fae society. As "protectors" of the trods, the Guardians
exercise control over traffic along the pathways they
guard. This ability to permit or deny access to certain key
paths through the Dreaming gives the Guardians the
opportunity to delay passage of troops or ensure a speedy
and safe arrival of reinforcements, thus making House
Balor pivotal in determining the course of the war. Those
who believe that Balor sidhe lack the subtlety for long-
term planning and clever manipulation have only to look
at who stands at the portals of the most traveled trods.

Additionally, the Guardians have the closest con-
tact with the newly arrived Denizens and have initiated
attempts to enlist their aid in House Balor's plans, draw-
ing on their shared history as enemies of the Tuatha.

Pour L'Amour et Liberté: The Book of Houses 2
provides additional information on the methods of the
Guardians of the Gates.

Guardians of che Silver Dragon

These Ailil knights represent the brightest and best
warriors of their house. Bound by a code of honor as
comprehensive as that of the Red Branch, the Guardians
of the Silver Dragon take pride in their skill both on and
off the battlefield. Though ostensibly created to protect
the interests of House Ailil in particular and the Unseelie
court in general, the Guardians also exist specifically to
oppose the Red Branch in any eventual conflict, such as
the current war among the fae of Concordia.

The Guardians stand ready to move at a moment's
notice. Having made pacts with members of House
Balor's Guardians of the Gates, members of the Silver
Dragon have easy access to vital pathways through the
Dreaming and, thus, enjoy a distinct tactical advantage
over their Seelie counterparts in the Red Branch. In
addition, the Guardians of the Silver Dragon have not
yet fallen prey to the factionalism and infighting that
plague the Red Branch at this time.

The present war also provides the Silver Dragon with
the perfect opportunity to realize the other portion of
their agenda—the reclamation of Ailil holdings that
have fallen into Seelie hands since the Resurgence. At
least in Concordia and, perhaps, in other parts of the
world, the Guardians of the Silver Dragon are mobilizing
to take back what was once theirs.

Pour L'Amour Et Liberté: The Book of Houses 2
provides additional information on the Guardians of the
Silver Dragon.

Tron Brigade

The personal bodyguard of the "Iron Duke" once
consisted of a small group of Unseelie trolls and redcaps
known for their iron-toed boots and iron spear tips as well
as their overly aggressive tendencies. Since the an-
nouncement of the High King's disappearance, Duke
Toren na Gulan has stepped up a campaign of active
recruitment, and the Iron Brigade has more than tripled
in size. Intelligence sources speculate that the duke has
plans to build a full-sized army of iron-wielding common-
ers with which he intends to mounta war of conquest and
establish his own empire. In the meantime, the Iron
Brigade stays close to its headquarters in Duke Toren's
mountain freehold in the Kingdom of the Burning Sun,
unwilling to commit itself to any faction until it has the
strength of numbers and arms to overwhelm its enemies.
Needless to say, the Iron Brigade neither gives nor asks
for quarter and takes a no-holds-barred, Escheat-be-
damned approach to warfare. See The Fool's Luck: The
Way of the Commoner for additional information on
both the Iron Brigade and its ambitious leader.

Chapcer One: Parliament of Shaccered Dreams

aN
"

RATAN

,

ey
iy
(

sy)

Tron Paladins
This secret order of Unseelie Gwydion knights holds
the potential to strike a powerful blow against other
Unseelie fae in the upcoming war. Their twisted philoso-
phy and fondness for forbidden weaponry combined with
their Gwydion zeal make them a deadly threat to any
individuals or groups that they target as their foes. Re-
gardless of the official house stance on these unacknowl-
edged loose cannons, the Iron Paladins have an edge in
any battle in which they take part—simply because they
do not hold to standard forms of battlefield etiquette.

A

A few nobles fear or disdain the commoner masses to
such an extent that they might welcome the assistance of
the Iron Paladins, but none would openly admit to doing
so. Whispers that the Iron Paladins masterminded the
Knight of Iron Knives once again circulate throughout
Concordia, and commoners shy away from the sight of
any Gwydion knight decked out for battle. Needless to
say, this does not help the house's standing, especially
now that the High King's disappearance has removed
one of the most powerful reassurances of House Gwydion's
good intentions.

The rumor mills grind furiously as the war heats up,
and one of the most persistent and most widely believed
tales holds that Duke Dray has enlisted the Iron Paladins
to pave the way for his own ascension to the throne of
Concordia.

See Noblesse Oblige: The Book of Houses for more
information on the Iron Paladins and their disreputable
ways.

Knighcs of che Cold Wacch

Haunted by their memories of the "dark things" that
harried the returning sidhe through the Mists, these
Unseelie knights—most of them card-carrying members
of the Shadow Court—have stepped up their efforts to
patrol the lands that border on the Near Dreaming. The
recent emergence of the creatures known as Denizens
took many members of the Cold Watch by surprise. The
resultant flurry of activity within the ranks of Cold
Watch knights has caused a few members of the Shadow
Court leadership to wonder whether this group might not
be planning something covert, such as a takeover of the
Shadow Court in preparation for their own bid for power.


am

Le

SV RRA

on me
OS

3)

In the meantime, the Knights of the Cold Watch
have redoubled their recruitment of promising knights of
the three Unseelie houses, realizing that they must in-
crease the territory their patrols encompass. First and
foremost on their agenda is the location and questioning
of as many of the Denizens as possible to ascertain
whether or not anything else came through in the wake
of the Denizens' appearance. In fact, some members of
the Cold Watch believe that a few of the Denizens bear
a disturbing similarity to some of the creatures encoun-
tered during the Resurgence of 1969.

A few members of the Shadow Court seek to redirect
the goals of the Knights of the Cold Watch to more
immediate ends, such as the takeover of a weakened and
leaderless Concordia. The Knights, however, are stead-
fast in their belief that greater foes than the Seelie court

exist, and that they are the last, best line of defense
against these terrors from beyond the Mists.
More on the Knights of the Cold Watch can be found

in The Shadow Court.

Knighcs of Sachar

Though this Fiona-based knighthood of commoners
and nobles once dedicated themselves to the philosophy
of chivalry, the Knights of Sathar now find their goals put
to the test. As an order based on an ideal—that all fae
who meet the standards of nobility and chivalry deserve
consideration as knights—the Knights of Sathar hold a
unique place in fae society. From their freehold in upstate
New York, granted to them by Queen Mab at their
inception at the end of the Accordance War, the Knights
of Sathar have sworn to work for the good of commoner
and noble fae alike.


<>

Many of these knights have pledged themselves to
Princess Lenore as the rightful heir to the throne and as
the candidate least likely to arouse the animosity of
either nobles or commoners.

As riots and skirmishes erupt throughout the King-
dom of Apples and threaten to spread to other parts of
Concordia, the Knights of Sathar have busied them-
selves with attempts to ensure that the codes of chivalric
conduct prevail, even in the heat of revolution and
rebellion. The incidence of battlefield recruitmentamong
these knights has increased, as the Knights of Sathar seek
to grow their membership and make it easier for them to
cover more territory. In short, this group seeks to keep
alive the original dream of David Ardry: an egalitarian
society representative of all the fae and supportive of the
best qualities of both nobles and commoners.

More information on the Knights of Sathar can be
found in Noblesse Oblige: The Book of Houses.

Lokis Brood

These political aficionados associated with House
Fiona have suddenly found themselves in the spotlight.
Traditionally styling itself as the worthy opposition of
everything, Loki's Brood now has a myriad of stances to
oppose. Under the leadership of Duke Selim, the Brood
has played an instrumental part in the rupturing of the
Parliament of Dreams—primarily due to its knack for
locating weaknesses in any argument and pursuing those
weaknesses with the tenacity of a starving redcap.

Now that the Parliament has disbanded, Loki's Brood
seeks other targets—and finds a plethora of them. Scath-
ing songs written by musically inclined members of the
Brood now make the rounds from freehold to freehold,
mocking everything from the fall of the Red Branch to
the virtue of (choose one) High Queen Faerilyth, Lady
Morwen, Queen Mab and Princess Lenore.

While Loki's Brood maintains that it serves only as
a "cautionary service organization" (with the purpose of
preventing fae society from taking itself too seriously),
the group's detractors allege that it serves a darker pur-
pose and seeks to undermine the changeling social struc-
ture preparatory to its takeover by the Shadow Court.

Rather than defend his group from these accusations,
Duke Selim has maintained a sinister silence on the
subject.

—~

x
5]
L}

SZ

Noblesse Oblige: The Book of Houses contains
more information on Loki's Brood and on Duke Selim.

The Low Road

Since its origin, Low Road members have served as a
rescue organization for commoners convicted of petty
crimes. While some fae believe that the Low Road only
undermines the social structure by preventing rogues and
minor offenders from receiving just punishment, others
see these changelings as liberators of persecuted com-
moners.

Over the years, the Low Road has been responsible
for extracting numerous changelings from the arms of
sidhe "justice." The time has come for the Low Road to
call in its many favors.

e

xy
as

The Low Road has steadily increased its numbers
since the fall of the Parliament of Dreams, growing into
an organization that more closely resembles an army (or
a militia) than a secret society. Practice "rescues" and
drills in isolated places indicate that the Low Road
intends to putits talents to use in the near future. Possible
actions include the rescue of commoners prevented from
leaving their freeholds because of their inability to pay
trod taxes or meet travel requirements imposed on them
by a frightened nobility.

A movement has grown among members of the Low
Road to merge with the Minutemen, since they share
some common goals. If this happens, the combined forces
will attain the size of a small army.

The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner
contains more information on the Low Road.

The CDinucemen

Formed as an elite group of commoners dedicated to
the prevention of abuse by the nobility, the Minutemen
specialize in rescuing other changelings from insane,
tyrannical or just plain "evil" nobles (or ennobled com-
moners). Reports that a few members of House Scathach
form part of the leadership of the Minutemen come as no
surprise to most people who hear of the brash actions of
this group. As the war in Concordia heats up, more and
more branches of the Minutemen spring up in even the
most unlikely places. Since many commoners believe
that the sidhe, as a whole, have gone ‘round the bend in
the wake of the High King's disappearance, all common-
ers are, by definition, an "at risk" population and, thus,
candidates for intervention by the Minutemen.

,

ra'

Coordinated efforts by the Minutemen and the Low The Ranzers
Road have led to rumors that the two groups intend to From their origins in the seventeenth century to the
merge their forces, but some members of both groups feel present day, the anarchist commoners who make up the
that there are enough important differences between the Ranters have enjoyed an unbroken reign of random
two groups to keep them distinct from one another. violence that has made their name the stuff of legends.

Certainly, the Minutemen seem more willing to use Notorious for their hatred of anything that smacks of
extreme measures in their interventions than do the Low nobility, the Ranters excel in outrageous escapades,

Road members and, where the Low Road usually targets frequently using ridicule in combination with violence
individuals for their rescues, the Minutemen often de- tg express their disdain for what they call the "outdated

1K

\s liver entire freeholds from despotic lords and ladies. and oppressive feudal system" of fae society.

AY information on the Minutemen is also contained in Under the leadership of their flamboyant and elusive
2) The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner. leader, the enigmatic Kithain who goes by the name
5) (Donkeys Paw "Ravachol," the Ranters have attracted a great deal of

attention throughout their existence. Organized into
small cells to preserve the anonymity of the group as a
whole and to prevent wholesale betrayal by individuals,
the Ranters keep a low profile, believing that only their
actions should give visible proof of their existence.

5)

One of the oldest and most dangerous of the "secret"
societies of the fae, the Monkey's Paw traces its origins to
the time of the Shattering. An elite group of assassins
made up mostly of commoners but said to include a few
(presumably Unseelie) members of House Scathach, the
Monkey's Paw has, up until now, hired itself out to the
highest bidders. Rumors now circulate claiming that the
Shadow Court has placed the Monkey's Paw "on re-
tainer" and has initiated the systematic removal of the
most troublesome or prominent Seelie nobles. A few who
know of the existence of the Monkey's Paw hold this
group responsible for the disappearance of the High
King. Many nobles have doubled and tripled their con-
tingent of bodyguards out of fear that the assassins of the
Paw have singled them out for attention.

v

Their antics eventually grew so disruptive that the
High King outlawed the Ranters. This action, of course,
made them heroes in the eyes of many commoners.
While the Ranters have claimed responsibility for the
disappearance of the High King, not everyone believes
them. Some feel that Ravachol simply wants to fan the
flames of rumor, or else that he seeks to lead investiga-
tions away from the true perpetrators of the crime. Many
believe that the Ranters wish they had done the deed and
are attempting to steal the notoriety from those truly
responsible. Still others suspect that someone else has
paid the Ranters handsomely to take credit for removing
King David from the throne.

Some newer groups of revolutionary-minded com-
moners have attempted to initiate contact with the
Ranters, hoping to join forces with them or at least take
lessons from these experts in social mayhem. Whether
the Ranters decide to involve themselves in the war ina
systematic way or choose to follow their usual course of

i

While many commoners have romanticized the
Monkey's Paw, seeing its elusive members as heroic
rebels against authority, these assassins view themselves
as mercenaries with a long and bloody lineage. When
societies crumble, the Monkey's Paw goes to work and
turns a tidy profit for its efforts. Whether or not it also
pursues its own agenda is anybody's guess.

More on this group of assassins can be found in
Nobles: The Shining Host and The Fool's Luck: The

Way ol the'Commontr: random chaos remains undecided—and likely will be

that way for some time.
More information on the Ranters and their charis-

matic leader can be found in Nobles: The Shining Host
and The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner.

58 War in Concordia

The Red Branch

Ofall the fae societies, secret or not, the Red Branch
has perhaps encountered the most difficulties following
the disappearance of David Ardry. The fracturing of this
knighthood has epitomized the divisiveness within
changeling society. While the Red Branch stood united,
the fae could look with confidence upon its noble lead-
ership, knowing that the high standards of this legendary
knighthood would prevail and that the knights would act
in the best interests of all the fae. Now that the Red
Branch has collapsed into factions, each supporting its
own candidate for the throne of Concordia and belittling
the other contenders, the scions of courage and integrity
no longer stand apart from and above their fellow change-
lings.

Each faction of the Red Branch, moreover, stands
ready to fight the other factions if necessary. The sup-
porters of Faerilyth have already come to blows with
Morwen's supporters, while those who back Princess
Lenore have made their readiness to defend their charge
plain to all challengers.

The most bitter feelings, however, come from those
members of the Red Branch who blame Sir Lleu Ardwyad,
David's cousin and close friend, for allowing the High
King to vanish in his presence. Word that Sir Lleu had
forsworn himself because of his negligence and his forbid-
den passion for the High Queen has poisoned the Red
Branch more than any other single event. The guilt or
innocence of Sir Lleu matters little at this point. The
damage to the reputation (and the self-image) of the Red
Branch has been done.

As disturbing as the division within the Red Branch,
the effort of Sir Ranulf Dorsey ap Dougal to keep the Red
Branch together brings little comfort. Sir Ranulf's solu-
tion to the controversy over the succession suggests
nothing less than a military takeover of the throne.
Regardless of their reputation for integrity, courage,
honor and all the best qualities of the nobility, the
knights of the Red Branch have little experience with the
finesse and political acumen necessary to rule a society of
fractious changelings. Such a solution, most changelings
believe, would spell the end, not only of Concordia but
of fae society in general.

Information on the origins of the Red Branch and
some of its prominent members may be found in Nobles:
The Shining Host and Noblesse Oblige: The Book of
Houses.

The Sneakers

Though their membership currently consists of one
representative from each commoner kith, the Sneakers
are considering expanding their ranks in the expectation
of an increased demand for their services. Experts in
infiltration and espionage, the Sneakers are not above
more blatant measures such as mugging, terrorizing and
blackmailing. Needless to say, this isa "commoners only"
group—even Scathach and Liam sidhe are not welcome,
regardless of their sympathies. Though most, if not all,
the members of the Sneakers belong to the Unseelie
Court, they take great pains to deny any attachment to
the Shadow Court. This denial, of course, makes them
suspect.

Information on the members of the Sneakers can be
found in The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner.

Sons of Lidercy

This motley makes its home in the freehold known
as the Fool's Gambit, a tavern in Boston's Combat Zone
that houses the stump of the original Liberty Tree. Since
their founding, the Sons have dedicated themselves to
the principles of liberty and commoner rule. They wel-
come any and all Kithain, regardless of court or kith, so
long as they bring no dissension into the freehold and
abide by its rules.

Recent events in the Duchy of Back Bay, however,
have catalyzed the Sons of Liberty into action. Many
members have attended meetings and rallies sponsored
by the Commoners' Liberation Organization (see be-
low), and several of the Sons participated in the Boston
Harbor Revels. Determined not to lose either their
freehold or their freedom, the Sons of Liberty have begun
active recruiting of like-minded commoners along with
a few sidhe who have cast their lots in with the incipient
rebels.

Freeholds and Hidden Glens provides more infor-
mation on the Sons of Liberty.

RIICRIORIG

Vecerans of the Accordance War (VAW)

Although three decades have passed since the Ac-
cordance War, a few members of this commoner veter-
ans' organization still hold on to some small remnants of
Glamour. These greybeards and grumps have used the
VAW asa social club and as a way to keep alive the tales
of their exploits (and those of their fallen comrades)
during the war years.

Now that a new war threatens to outdo the Accor-
dance War in violence and intensity, the members of the
VAW find their expertise highly sought after by com-
moners eager to learn the ways of war from the survivors.

In some parts of Concordia, particularly in those
areas of the Kingdom of Apples most affected by the early
skirmishes of the war, the VAW has been outlawed by
local nobles and their members hunted down and impris-
oned or worse. Many Veterans have sought refuge in
other parts of Concordia or have gone underground,
taking advantage of some of the clandestine groups that
specialize in spiriting changelings away from danger.

See The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner
for more information on the Veterans of the Accordance

War.
Newicomers to the Cause

Within the last few years, as tensions between com-
moners and nobles increase, new societies have arisen
that reflect the polarization of opinions among the
Kithain. Some of these societies operate completely
underground, while others, particularly those groups
directly involved in the early events of the war, have a
relatively high profile for secret societies."

Childling Underground Railroad

This group consists of homeless childlings led by a
Seelie redcap wilder named Jenni Quick. One of the early
victims of the crackdown on commoners, Jenni saw her
freehold overrun by a band of sidhe in retaliation for an
alleged attack on the local lord and his retinue. Although
innocent, Jenni and her motley lost their home, and
several of Jenni's friends lost their fae souls to the chi-
merical blades of their attackers. Since then, Jenni and
her friends have dedicated themselves to finding and

(ar in Concordia

protecting outcast childlings too young to fend for them-
selves. Taking a page from mortal history, these wilders
managed to set up a network of secret safe houses, often
enlisting willing Kinain or enchanted mortals in their
efforts. The group continues to grow as more and more
childling casualties appear in the spread of the war. Any
of the young charges who shows an interest in becoming
part of the network itself undergoes "on-the-job" train-
ing at the hands of one of the more experienced wilders.
And so the network spreads, offering refuge and sanctu-
ary for the most helpless victims of the war.

The Common Righzs Sociecy

In the wake of the War of Dreams, many changelings
have become disgusted with the ongoing struggles for
power and titles. Some have organized themselves into a
society dedicated to attaining equal, or common, rights
for everyone. The name of the group confuses many fae,
as they think the society is only for commoners. In fact,
both sidhe and commoners have united to advance the
society's goals. Commoners do make up the majority of
members, as they are the most comfortable with modern
notions like equal rights and leadership through proven
ability rather than birthright. Sidhe who join have em-
braced such modern philosophies far more than most of
their kith. They too agree that those in charge should be
elected based on talent for leadership. This is a major
change in attitude for those who have always considered
themselves rulers and nobles by virtue of their kith.

For such an innocuous and well-intentioned group,
the society has attracted a lot of enmity and resistance.
Those sidhe who know of, but are not members of, the
society tend to believe the group's goals run counter to
their place in the Dreaming and that it poses the greatest
threat to changeling society of any political organization.
They argue that sidhe are supposed to be the embodiment
of the dream of nobility and rulership and that refusing to
fulfill that role weakens the dream and therefore encour-
ages Banality. Ifeveryone is the same, then everyone risks
boredom—a prime contributor to Banality—and that
steers changelings closer to Endless Winter.


On the other hand, many disaffected commoners
blast the group for accepting sidhe into their ranks,
arguing that the nobles are untrustworthy and likely to
revert to old patterns when pressured. Some advocate the
eradication of sidhe rulership entirely (a few propose to
affect this by eradicating the sidhe). They believe if the
sidhe were truly dedicated to the ideals of the society,
they'd eschew leadership roles and avoid seeking elec-
tion. Until they see such compliance, these commoners
show only hostile attitudes to group members.

The society advocates common ownership of free-
holds and an equal sharing of Glamour, dross and trea-
sures based on need. It also works to expunge the idea that
Seelie means "good" and Unseelie equates to "evil,"
again calling for acceptance of all despite differences in
kith, seeming and court. As the war drags on and more fae
find themselves exiled from their usual haunts or hunted
by various opponents, the Common Rights Society seems

to make sense to more and more fae.

Commoners Lideracion Organizacion

(CLO)

This grassroots organization works diligently to pre-
serve the rights of commoners. Its ultimate goal lies in the
creation of a democratic parliament with elected repre-
sentatives. The CLO claims that the time of the nobles
has passed and that the current situation just underscores
the fragility of the quasi-feudal system that has ruled
Concordia since the Resurgence. Though not outright
proponents of violence, members of the CLO believe
that any and all means of making their position known to
the sidhe rulers bears consideration, including raids on
nobles' stores of Glamour. They argue that the noble
houses have not yet emerged from the Dark Ages and
that the commoners, with their clearer understanding of
the modern world, have a stronger right to rule than the
so-called mandate from the Dreaming claimed by the
sidhe as justification for their assumption of authority.


ARR

CL,

TR

CR RY

1%

SD

Crown Loyalists

Composed of Seelie sidhe, along with a few trolls,
this group supports Faerilyth's claim to the rulership of
Concordia. These changelings believe that the High
King still lives despite his absence; therefore, his chosen
co-tuler, Faerilyth, still holds the rightful claim to the
throne. They argue that the claims of Morwen, Lenore
and anyone else have validity only upon proof of David
Ardry's death. While most Crown Loyalists belong to
House Eiluned, a number of Faerilyth's supporters come
from House Fiona, which has a weakness for affairs of the
heart, particularly when those affairs combine with poli-
tics.

The Damned If You Do Fetlowship

Most of the commoners who make up the member-
ship of this group have had to abandon their freeholds for
one reason or another. Some have fled from sidhe nobles
rather than swear an oath of loyalty. Others found
themselves forced out of their freeholds by other com-
moners intent on taking advantage of the breakdown of
authority and the prevailing sense of anarchy. Still others
have had to leave their holdings because they support the
"wrong" candidate for the throne. Above all, the Fellow-
ship refuses to serve as cannon fodder in a war between
nobles. The group's nominal leader, a pooka named Jeri
Blackstone, named the confederation of self-imposed
exiles in a moment of whimsy; the name stuck. The
Fellowship's primary aim is survival, at any cost. The
fellows happily derail the plans of any nobles they en-
counter and give the same treatment to commoners who
associate with sidhe. Any aid they render to commoners
outside the Fellowship comes with a price—usually in
the form of dross or temporary refuge in a freehold where
they can replenish their Glamour.

Kichain For a Free Tomorrow

This group presents itself as a commoners' rights
organization working to protect the rapidly dwindling
rights of nonnoble Kithain. Although members of this
society do strive to achieve these ends, the core leaders
have a subtler agenda, one dictated by their masters in
the Shadow Court. While the group's stated goal consists
of promoting the welfare of commoners, the primary
intention of the group is to perpetuate dissension among
the various political and social factions, thus preventing
any efforts at unification or conciliation among the

(ar in Concordia

warring Kithain. The society also acts as a smoke screen
behind which the Shadow Court can enact its devious
plans. Most of the group's members remain unaware of
their leaders' affiliations, thus making them perfect dupes
for the plots and ploys of the Shadow Court. Although
Kithain for a Free Tomorrow openly advocates passive
resistance to the restrictions imposed on commoners
since the High King's disappearance, the true movers of
this group use the shadowy tactics of sabotage and assas-
sination to sow confusion and discord among all the
factions and sides in the war.

Riders of the QDidnighe Trods

Primarily composed of members of House Scathach
and commonersassociated with the house, these mounted
messengers have taken it upon themselves to relay as
much information as possible to all the Kithain of
Concordia. Drawing their material from various contacts
among many of the other societies as well as from eye-
witness reports, the Riders employ a network of trods,
known only to them, that stretch across the Kingdom of
Apples and connect with similar paths through the
Dreaming in other parts of Concordia. Their faerie
steeds, specially bred by House Scathach kinain in the
Kingdom of Apples, carry the Riders unerringly and
swiftly along these silver paths. Some guardians of trods
otherwise forbidden to most changelings are secret ad-
mirers of the Riders and allow them free passage when-
ever necessary, but for the most part the Riders confine
their journeys to their own secret trods.

In addition to news of the war, the Riders also bear
letters back and forth between Kithain separated by the
travel restrictions—families, lovers, friends and even
warriors on opposing sides of the conflict.

Led by a young Scathach knight named Rowena the
Just, the Riders maintain a studied neutrality for the
present, finding no candidate among the nobles or com-
moners worthy of their support. Recently, however, news
of the arrival of a strange knight fresh from the Dreaming
has caught the attention of the Riders, and a few of them
have dared to hope that this newcomer may give them a
candidate to support at last.


Urbdan Renewal League

Composed primarily of Unseelie redcapsand nockers,
the Urban Renewal League supports the idea of Unseelie
tule, their own. The general chaos grants them not only
the opportunity but the right to reorganize society ac-
cording to their ideas. Of course, reorganization on such
a pervasive level involves some necessary cleanup and
trash removal. A few things are bound to get broken in
the process, among them sidhe heads and other body
parts. Members of the URL believe that, although the
price for urban renewal may be high, the trash can be
quite tasty! The group's reputation for violence and
excessive cruelty has resulted in the abandonment of
freeholds in their path in order to avoid a run-in with the
League.

The Ripple Cffecc

Although the High King disappeared from the King-
dom of Willows, the Kingdom of Apples lies at the center
of the war. Tara-Nar and the Hall of Advocates, closest
symbolically to the fallen king, first showed signs of stress
and dissolution. The Boston Harbor Revels, the siege of
Coldfort and the massacre at Mount Granite Freehold
announced to the world at large that King David's age of
peace and concord had finally come to an end.

Now, two years after its shaky beginnings, the war
spills outward into the rest of Concordia and makes its
way across the oceans to other realms of the fae. Though
major outbreaks have yet to occur outside the Kingdom
of Apples, the pressure builds as the center of Concordia
dissolves into chaos and bloodshed.

The following descriptions give an idea of how other
Kingdoms within Concordia as well as fae societies in
other parts of the world react to the outbreak of war.
Storytellers should feel free to change this information to
suit their own chronicles. It's your war—go for it!

1
a
BY

StiS

é

D

HG.

8

SS

The Rest of Concordia

Continuing the grand tour planned as a honeymoon
present by the High King, Faerilyth placed herself in a
precarious though tactically brilliant position. By per-
sonally visiting the major freeholds of Concordia and
making her case in person, Faerilyth has done much to
forestall an immediate panic reaction to the news of
David Ardry's disappearance. Unfortunately, her delay-
ing tactics have run their course and the other kingdoms
of Concordia now make their own plans—plans that do
not necessarily coincide with those of their neighbors.

Kingdom of Willows

Though no one knowsas yet of King Meilge's part in
the High King's disappearance, many changelings expect
him to take advantage of the vacancy at the top. Meilge
enjoys the respect and near adulation of most of the
nobles in his realm of Willows, largely because of his
possession of the Alabaster Mask, which literally pro-
vides him with a false face that predisposes others to love
and trust him.

S
RE

>YS

With Faerilyth ensconced in Duchess Igrania's free-
hold of River Landing, many changelings who support
Faerilyth now consider that freehold the new heart of
Concordia-in-Exile. King Meilge ostensibly supports
Faerilyth, but he has secretly opened negotiations with
other monarchist nobles concerned with restoring order
to Concordia by the swiftest means possible (i.e., a coup
by conservative and Traditionalist sidhe and a crack-
down on commoner uprisings—this despite his own
known Modernist leanings). Meilge hopes to advance his
own cause through this alliance while simultaneously
appearing to support his Eiluned ward in her bid for the
position of High Queen.

Armies of commoners and sidhe now recruit mem-
bers in many parts of the Kingdom of Willows, but no one
is certain whose side they will join when the war reaches
Concordia's southern lands.


Kingdom of Grass

Queen Mary Elizabeth of House Dougal has taken
care to shore up her defenses in anticipation of com-
moner uprisings. She has declared that none of her
vassals will give aid or shelter to anyone who seeks to
encourage violent solutions to Concordia's political prob-
lems. Restrictions on commoners have increased in the
Kingdom of Grass, and nobles have given notice to their
subjects that any hint of rebellion will bring down the
harshest penalties. On the other hand, faithful service
will garner great rewards. Reaffirming her emphasis on
the carrot rather than the stick, Queen Mary Elizabeth
has promised titles to any commoners who swear binding
oaths of loyalty to her. In this fashion, she hopes to co-opt
any resistance, nipping it in the bud and transforming
potential enemies into nobles with a vested interest in
the status quo.

Kingdom of Norchern Ice

Speculation runs rampant about Queen Laurel's King-
dom of Northern Ice. Many fae believe that her Shadow
Court lover, Duke Rococo, has finally won her over to his
cause and that together they plan an invasion of Tara-
Nar. Others insist that Rococo has betrayed the Shadow
Court and has joined with Queen Laurel to fight a war of
liberation by invading Tara-Nar. So far, Queen Laurel
has made no overtures to any of the current factions
sparring for the empty throne, preferring to remain
noncommittal for as long as possible.

Her hopes of remaining apart from open conflict may
not last much longer, however. Already, changelings
ousted from their freeholds in the Kingdom of Apples for
failure to take the Oath of Loyal Affirmation now seek
refuge—and sources of Glamour—in other lands. The
proximity of the Kingdom of Northern Ice places it in an
ideal position to receive these outcasts. Problems with
roving bands of changeling raiders have increased ten-
fold since the outbreak of hostilities, and Queen Laurel
must make some decisions regarding these incursions or
else see her realm devolve into chaos.

64 (ar in Concordia

Kingdom of the CUhice Sands

Until recently, Queen Morganna of White Sands
has had few concerns beyond the borders of her realms.
Keeping peace with the local nunnehi (a difficult task)
and fending off pirate raids from the Fiefs of Bright
Paradise have occupied far too much of her attention of
late. The politics of Concordia hold little attraction for
this sensual Gwydion monarch, who would rather en-
courage her constituency of artistically inclined subjects
and their mortal Dreamers than observe the fine details
of social protocol and political finesse.

The outbreak of war, however, has brought an air of
uncertainty to the Kingdom of the White Sands. Attacks
by nunnehi raiding parties have grown more frequent as
the indigenous fae sense a great disturbance approaching
the realms now held by the invaders and see the war as an
opportunity to reclaim their ancient homelands. More-
over, pirate raids along the coastal regions have forced
many freeholds to go on the defensive to avoid becoming
objects of plunder. Morganna has met with her most
accomplished knights and tacticians, charging them to
come up with some means of ensuring that the Kingdom
of White Sands does not become a stepping stone for
invasion from seafaring raiders.

Kingdom of Pacifica

The Kingdom of Pacifica prides itself on its noncon-
formist views. Queen Aeron keeps an "open court" in
which all fae, Seelie or Unseelie, commoner or noble,
Kithain or Gallain, find welcome. How long this broad-
band egalitarianism can last in the face of the High King's
disappearance, however, remains a matter for rampant
speculation. David Ardry "sightings" have become a
daily event ina realm where celebrities abound. Most fae
dismiss such claims as wishful thinking or idle rumor, but
the possibility that Pacifica harbors the missing king,
either in accordance with or against his wishes, has led to
numerous search missions by groups eager to rescue him.

In the meantime, the Unseelie influence in
Pacificia—already an acknowledged power in Queen
Aeron's court—increases. As the political situation tends
more and more toward chaos and anarchy, many fae
acknowledge that the time for Seelie orderliness and

traditionalism has come to an end. Count Vogon ap
Ailil, the Unseelie faction's most outspoken and elo-
quent orator, himself a former Advocate to the defunct
Parliament of Dreams, campaigns openly from his place
at Queen Aeron's side for an end to the Seelie monopoly
of Concordia's throne. Although he has not declared his
candidacy, many fae believe that he supports High Lord
Erdath as a potential successor to David Ardry. Always
eager to embrace the most radical of causes, the change-
lings of Pacifica now agitate for a truly radical change in
leadership. Whether or not they are willing to go to war
for their beliefs remains uncertain.

Kingdom of the Burning Sun

House Gwydion's aberrant ruler Chief Greyhawk
has vowed that the war will not affect his kingdom.
Fearing a wave of refugees, changelings displaced from
freeholds by one side or another, he has declared the
Kingdom of the Burning Sun off-limits to any nonresi-
dent fae. He has given orders for his troops to close down
the borders of his realm, and the local nunnehi have
given their assistance to their ally. The High Queen
visited Chief Greyhawk as part of her grand tour and
received a cordial though not overly hospitable welcome.
Soon after she departed, the Burning Sun's king an-
nounced his intention to turn away any changelings,
commoners or nobles, who did not have his express
permission to enter his realm.

This action sparked numerous rumors throughout
the rest of Concordia. Some say that Chief Greyhawk
holds King David prisoner and intends to force him to
grant independence to his kingdom. Others claim that
Greyhawk has invited the Shadow Court to use his land
as a headquarters for their own move to take the throne
of Concordia. Still other rumors say that Greyhawk plans
to wait until the rest of Concordia lies in shambles from
the war before he leads an army of nunnehi in a war of
reconquest to take back the lands that once were theirs.

om;

"e
2
xx]

eae

<a
48

SX

Yo
RRA

SS

—

THA VOUD

Tee


Kingdom of the Feathered Snake

The disappearance the High King may signal the
death throes of Duke Topaz's rule. This troubled king-
dom not only faces a full-scale uprising from the nunnehi
of Mexico but also is a staging ground for Shadow Court
activities. Duke Topaz has long relied on the backing of
the High King, his patron and staunch ally, to help him
keep control of his beleaguered lands. Now that David
has vanished, the duke's many enemies have seized the
moment. Suspicions abound that Chief Greyhawk has
made an exception to his clampdown on border crossings
to give nunnehi war parties fleeing Duke Topaz's knights
a safe haven in his kingdom.

While he does not wish to commit himself to a war
outside his realm when he has enough to worry about
within his borders, Duke Topaz fears that he may soon
have to seek alliances with other powerful nobles in
Concordia. This course of action would almost certainly
guarantee his involvement in the war.

Fics of Bright Paradise

These independent fiefdoms have ignored any claims
made on them by Concordia since the end of the Accor-
dance War, when many nobles and commonersalike fled
the continent of North America for the relative isolation
of the Caribbean islands. Free of the structures imposed
by the High King, the tiny realms enjoy an unparalleled
freedom dictated only by the whims and ethics of the fae
who rule them. Dreams of piracy underpin many of these
realms, and chimerical ships plough the seas of the Near
Dreaming in search of treasure, slaves and mayhem—in
no particular order.

The disappearance of the High King and the out-
break of war in Concordia has resulted in an increase in
pirate raids on the coasts of both the Kingdom of White
Sands and the Kingdom of Willows. Rumors that a pirate
ship lay in wait on the night of the Boston Harbor Revels
for the dross jettisoned by Fenarius and his rebels indicate
some greater alliance between the Fiefs and at least some
of the factions currently at war.

Beyond Concordias Borders

The outbreak of war in one realm often leads to an
epidemic of uprisings. Although the fae in other realms
consider David Ardry as a king among many kings and
queens, they acknowledge his accomplishments within
Concordia and cite him as an example of kingly virtue
and true nobility. His disappearance has sent a warning
to many other lands and has sounded a challenge to some
ambitious realms. While some realms outside the borders
of Concordia remain as yet uninvolved or noncommittal,
a few places have taken a keen interest in the develop-
ments.

Hidernia

The four monarchs of Hibernia feel a strong connec-
tion with the fae of Concordia. Since receiving the news
of David Ardry's disappearance, Hibernia's changeling
population has gone on the alert. Several nobles have
made offers to send armies via trod or by more conven-
tional means to assist in preserving order in the land or in
searching for the missing king. The Unseelie fae of
Hibernia, in particular, see an opportunity for them to
strike a blow against the nobility in general. They reason
that if the Seelie nobles travel en force to Concordia to
lend their arms to one or more of the factions, Hibernia
will be vulnerable to an Unseelie coup. Members of
House Balor's more radical groups have already sent
agents to scout out the lay of the land and determine
whether or not they can add to the disorder in Concordia.
By doing so they hope to ensure that the war in that realm
will not soon come to an end.

The Isle of che CDighzy

The lands of Caledonia, Albion and Cymru have
responded with alarm and concern to the disappearance
of the High King. The fae of Albion still struggle with
factionalism; the various kingdoms lack clear leadership.
Both Seelie and Unseelie courts see omens in the break-
down of order in Concordia, believing that this event
presages the coming of Endless Winter. In Caledonia,
King Ross of Dalriada worries that his commoner subjects
will mimic their counterparts in Concordia and foment
trouble. He has taken care to protect himself from abduc-
tion or any other form of treachery to prevent his own
disappearance. At the same time, Ross ap Gwydion


wonders whether Concordia's turmoil may provide him
with the opportunity he needs to solidify his control over
all of Caledonia. King Niall of Alba hopes to keep his
kingdom out of any escalating global conflict but fears
that an invasion by his rival, King Ross, may take that
decision out of his hands. Queen Glynis of the Kingdom
of Three Hills pursues her own course of action, attempt-
ing to ignore the strife that builds around her realm. The
land of Cymru already stands on the verge of open war as
pressures that have existed since the Resurgence come to
acritical point. The outbreak of war in Concordia may
provoke a similar response in Cymru, a land desperately
seeking a High King of its own.

loeria

The fae of the lands of the Iberian peninsula share
the concerns of their neighbors—and sometime rivals—
in Neustria over the upheaval in Concordia. Nobles and
commoners have grown wary of each other as reports of
the war make their way across the ocean. Long-standing
accords between Iberian sidhe and their commoner sub-
jects unravel in the wind of discord that blows over the
land.

Neuszria

The Kingdom of Neustria has taken great pains to
ensure that the commoners who dwell within its borders
do not get any ideas from events taking place in Concordia.
Staunchly pro-monarchist, the nobles of Neustria have
redoubled their efforts to solidify their control over the
commoners even as they look over their shoulders at
theirneighbors, who stand ready to take advantage of any
weakness. The fear that a Neustrian revolution may lurk
just around the corner keeps many nobles on their toes.

The Galacian Confederation

Just as Neustria fears that the war in Concordia may
spark acommoner uprising, the commoner leaders of the
Galacian Confederation guard against an invasion by the
nobles of other realms. The chaos that spreads through
Concordia gives the Galacian Confederation some hope
that the fae of Concordia may once and for all throw off
their shackles and free themselves of rule by class rather
than merit. Many commoners feel a kinship with their
counterparts in Concordia, and a few groups have con-
ducted dross collection drives to send precious Glamour
to the Concordian rebels.

Chapzer One: Parliament of Shaccered Dreams

Sia

os
‘
SRO

The Norchern Realms

The fae of Scandinavia have managed to keep them-
selves aloof so far from the breakdown of Concordia and
the subsequent disruptions of the European kingdoms.
Their lorekeepers and skaalds, however, have received
ominous signs from the Dreaming that their own time of
trial and tribulation lies ahead. In the same fashion, the
changelings who dwell in Russia and Eastern Europe feel
a stirring in the Dreaming that surrounds their realms.
Concordia's problems are only harbingers of things to
come. The icy winds of the steppes cry out, "Beware," and
the changelings of that ancient and majestic land wait in
fear and trepidation for what the Dreaming may send
their way.

The Isles of the Wandering Dream

The Kithain of Australia and New Zealand have
their share of problems between commoners and nobles.
The Resurgence upset long-standing patterns in these
lands, just as it did throughout the rest of the world.
Though many conflicts stemming from the return of the
sidhe three decades ago have come to successful resolu-
tions, a few old wounds still fester. The uprising in
Concordia has reawakened some of the old feuds and
polarized the changeling population in ways that bode ill
for the future.

Lands of Ancient COysceries

The fae of Africa have held themselves aloof from
the Kithain of the rest of the world since their first
disastrous experiences with the coming of the Europeans.
Though some eshu have made a pilgrimage to the land
that gave birth to their kith, few changelings know the
real state of affairs in the lands that saw the dreams of the
pharaohs and the wonders of Great Zimbabwe. What
effect the conflict in Concordia has on these enigmatic
fae remains clouded.

In the same fashion, the fae of the Middle Eastern
realmsremain uninvolved in the affairs of western Kithain.
Though they do not solicit visitors from other lands, the
Middle Eastern fae of the Caliphate of Cedars, the
Sultanate of Hejaz and the Empire of the Caucasus
provide gracious, though distant, hospitality to change-
ling who journey to their realms. The rulers of these lands
have, however, made it clear that they wish to have
nothing to do with the disturbances caused by the
Concordians' inability to control their baser passions.

Ae

Ss

Tos
RE

NS

SS

a



Nl

CRITERIA RATA

Sie

The Kingdom of Apples

I wandered for thousands of miles among the moun-
tains, along the sea plains, up in the Piedmont. I found
another country . . . unknown to most travelers and
understood only by those who lived there.

—Dawid Yeadon, Hidden Comers of the Mid-Atlantic
States

Seccing the Stage For che War of
Dreams

The Kingdom of Apples comprises all of New En-
gland (Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, Ver-
mont, Connecticut and Rhode Island) and the upper
mid-Atlantic states of New York, Pennsylvania, New
Jersey and Delaware. Ruled by Queen Mab of House
Fiona from her freehold of Caer Palisades, this wealthy
and powerful kingdom benefits from the many centers of
population, learning and culture within its borders. Ad-
ditionally, the Kingdom of Apples serves as the home of

Chapcer

c]

the High King's palatial freehold of Tara-Nar, his winter
court and the Parliament of Dreams. Understandably,
the residents of Good Queen Mab's domain consider
themselves central to the dream of Concordia.

The following guide to places in the Kingdom of
Apples does not pretend to cover all the duchies or even
the majority of its freeholds. The places mentioned here
provide a sampling of locations that have experienced
the early stages of war. Storytellers should feel free to
create additional sites or make changes to the ones
detailed here.

Duchy of che Golden Sigil
(New Uork)

The Duchy of the Golden Sigil got its name from the
document written in golden ink given to Duke Kelodin
when he became the elected ruler of the duchy. Signed by
the other nobles of the duchy as well as Queen Mab and

Two: Fields of Baccle and Places of ReFuge


High King David, the parchment affirms Kelodin as duke
and enumerates his responsibilities to those under his
tule. Framed in gold and velvet, the document hangs
above Kelodin's ducal throne in his freehold of
Wyntersnow in Buffalo. One of the main negotiated
points in Kelodin's rule was his agreement to settle his
court in Buffalo, thus leaving New York City for the High
King's winter court. A troll grump, Kelodin is one of the
most visible commoner nobles in Concordia, as he con-
trols quite a large duchy and manages to remain on good
terms with Mab, David and Morwyn as well as some fairly
radical commoners, not always an easy task. A consum-
mate diplomatas well as a highly respected warrior, Duke
Kelodin also keeps a secondary freehold in Manhattan.
From there he can participate in the vibrant, artistic life
of the city, yet he is always careful to give pride of place
to Homefires, David Ardry's winter court. Some of the
nobles who reside in the duchy (most notably Count
Maldiset of House Dougal, who feels a Gwydion ought to
tule as duke) resent owing fealty to a commoner-noble,

va

heretofore nameless water as Kingslake. Pennants de-
picting the house emblems of all the known noble houses
(including the Unseelie ones) and the symbols of each
kith decorate the turrets and hang as banners in the great
audience hall.

ESD)

Surrounding the palace are formal gardens and a
large field where jousts and fairs are held and the Red
Branch knights train. A stable complex, mews and a
kennel complete the picture. Faerie steeds, faerie hounds
and a selection of hunting hawks occupy these buildings
alongside a few more exotic chimera (most notably, the
High King's griffin). Other chimera can be found through-
out the palace, while the four dragons that provide aerial
protection for the castle live atop the structure, each with
its own tower.

JOSS

GS

Tara-Nar boasts dozens of rooms, halls and staircases,
with accommodations for several hundred. Those who
provide service in the castle live there year-round, ne
sitating particularly large pantries and storage areas so
they can withstand the winter without needing to leave

os-

yet those who feel this way have come to power more
recently than the duke himself. The duke is in the
unenviable position of trying to rule a duchy rife with
factions. It has proven to be impossible to curb all of
them, with the result that dozens of small groups of
disaffected fae now roam New York City and other
centers of changeling population, engaging in battles
whenever they find one another in close proximity.

Tara-Nar

High King David's splendid fortress, set amid the
Catskill Mountains, serves as his official residential pal-
ace and as a showcase for the aspirations and dreams
David Ardry held for the kingdom he was to rule. Though
created atop a grand lodge, the chimerical aspects of
Tara-Nar present a fagade more reminiscent of the high
turreted, delicately spired fairy tale castles of France. Its
pale, almost translucent-looking walls reflect the chang-
ing colors of lake, sky and mountain as clouds and sun,
rain and snow create a succession of patterns in them,
from the rippling of rain-dappled water to the lacy
patterns of autumn leaves tossed by the wind. Placed atop
arise in the center of a small mountain lake, the fortress,
protected by its moat and reachable only via a stone
causeway, seems like a castle out of legend. With the rise
of Tara-Nar, visitors to the area have begun to refer to the

the fortress. Many courtiers take advantage of the sump-
tuous quarters provided within Tara-Nar during spring,
summer and autumn court, then visit the winter court of
Homefires for the Yule celebrations. The core members
of the court—High King David, High Queen Faerilyth,
Morwyn, Lenore and their guards and personal ser-
vants—spend varying amounts of time at Tara-Nar.
Morwyn has her own freehold, Grayfern, nearer to Man-
hattan, and lives there when she is not needed to fulfill
her duties as David's most trusted seneschal. Lenore
spends about three-quarters of her time at Tara-Nar with
the other part spent at Queen Mab's palace, Caer Pali-
sades. Red Branch knights, who take turns guarding the
nobles who rule Concordia, also reside at court while
they provide that service, then return to their own
freeholds for the rest of the year. A smattering of court
artists find welcome at Tara-Nar as well.

The heart of the freehold is the grand audience hall.
High King David's throne, a massive chair of carved and
faceted clear crystal shot through with veins of gold, lies
atop a green carpeted dais three steps above the floor. In
recent times, asecond throne, this one of pale gray crystal
with silver flecks, has been set beside David's throne.
High Queen Faerilyth has occupied the throne only
once, on her wedding day. Aside from hearing cases and
greeting visitors, David uses the audience hall as a ball-

fas

room, impromptu council chamber and game room for
the childlings at court. Centrally located in the floor of
the great hall isa large, circular stone carved all over with
scenes of changeling activities. The stone can be raised
at need, allowing access via a circular stairway into the
underground area of the keep where the Well of Fire lies.
It is said that the day on which David came to Tara-Nar
to take up his throne and his duties as High King, the
well's balefire spontaneously burst into flame. This fire is
the source of all balefires in Concordia, since they are
renewed once a year by special couriers called firebrands,
who set out on Midwinter's Night to carry the flame to
distant freeholds throughout the kingdom. Raising the
stone requires the strength of six strong people. The
honor of being among those allowed to raise the stone is
usually reserved for Red Branch knights and the Trueheart
Brigade, David's personal guard-servants consisting of
four trolls, all of whom have been knighted and elevated
to the title of baron for their service to the king. Plans
were made to create a similar force of female trolls for
High Queen Faerilyth, but such plans have been put on
hold with the disappearance of David.

The privy council chamber lies to the right of the
audience hall, while the state feast hall is located to the
left. Directly behind the throne, hidden behind a tapes-
try of David's personal coat of arms, is a secret passage
that leads directly to David's bedroom suite. What was
once Morwyn's suite has more recently been redecorated
for Faerilyth, and a connecting door was created between
her sitting room and David's. Morwyn has now moved to
a suite on another hall. To sweeten the move, David
arranged for Morwyn's room to face a private, enclosed
garden where her chimera, a silver-white unicorn, lives.
Lenore's room was recently renovated as well, redeco-
rated to reflect her tastes as an accomplished wilder who
has grown beyond the storybook surroundings of a
Childling princess.

A spiral staircase leads down from the privy council
chambers and into an underground room decorated with
several beautiful watercolor landscapes. All sorts of scenes
are depicted, from a lovely white sand beach to an
evergreen-covered mountain. Each is actually a trod toa
different kingdom within Concordia. Though they lead
to outdoor areas close to each ruler's freehold, none
opens directly into such strongholds. A wine-colored
velvet door opens onto a trod that leads to David's winter
court in Manhattan.

Chapcer Two: Fields of Baccle and Places of Refuge

=

Tet
od

%

"J

Across the hall from the throne room lies an equally
large area devoted to showcasing changelings' and mor-
tal artists' masterworks. Known simply as "the gallery," it
plays host to a wealth of wonders. Sculptures, paintings,
tapestries, rugs, and other visual media occupy places
where they can most easily be viewed and appreciated.
Musicians and singers render original works, poets de-
claim and players present both classic and new dramas
and comedies within this hall. At the far side of the
gallery, a set of silvery doors leads to the realm in the
Dreaming where the other half of Tara-Nar is located.

Tara-Nar's Dreamrealm half echoes its Autum World
presence but contains elements impossible to achieve
outside the Dreaming. Peacocks with glowing plumage
strut through the gardens, which feature foliage never
seen on earth. The castle itself rises gloriously, with its
spiraling towers reaching upward to touch a cloud realm
overhead where winged steeds await riders to race across
the billowy landscape. From one end of the clouds, a
silvery waterfall flows down to create a sparkling blue
pool. Day- and night-blooming flowers scent the air, and
flocks of chimera populate the grounds and raise their
voices in trilling song.

The grand hall features High King David's Falcon
Throne, a magnificent creation of brilliant, sparkling
diamond. The falcon's head rises behind the king, and its
wings are fashioned to fan out to the sides to frame him,
then curve inward to provide armrests. The throne
appeared of its own accord when David Ardry first
stepped into the grand hall. No throne for Faerilyth has
appeared as yet, a telling point that Morwyn emphasizes
as evidence that the Dreaming does not accept David's
wife asa true High Queen. In fairness, however, Faerilyth
has never entered the room after being crowned, so
whether the Dreaming would acknowledge her or not is
in dispute. The fire that burns beneath this portion of
Tara-Nar imparts a subtle glow to the entire structure.
Fanning outward from the gardens are three silver paths
that lead into other locations deeper in the Dreaming.
The left-hand path leads to a homestead where many of
the artisans who serve the High King keep workshops.
The right-hand path leads through a fabulous forest
where the royal court stages hunts, and on to the great
fortress of Rivenwood, the headquarters of the Red
Branch knights in the Dreaming. The middle path,
known as the King's Hope, has supposedly never been

>

>)

S

ons
we


%, z,

walked. Tales speak of the King's Hope as a path to be
walked only the by the High King in the time of his
realm's greatest need. Noone knows where the path leads
orwhat treasure might be found or sacrifice required at its
end. Some speculate that David Ardry has already walked
the path once, during the final days of the Accordance
War, and that he found Caliburn at the path's end,
making him High King and allowing him to bring an end
to the war. In latter days, rumor persists that if David did
walk the path and acquire his sword there, he also learned
that he would be required to give up his kingship and fade
into obscurity, making room for one greater than he to
tule and lead all changelings through Endless Winter.

This was Tara-Nar at its best. Since David Ardry's
disappearance, the gardens have turned brown and the
reflections in the castle walls have dulled to a mottled
gray. Both thrones remain empty, with Morwyn point-
edly not occupying them, but utilizing a high-backed
chair set at the base of the dais. All but the most fanatic
Morwynists have deserted the court as battle and their
own candidates for rulership call them elsewhere. Within
the Dreaming, Tara-Nar remains shrouded in silence.
Those who pass through the halls report that all seems
ghostly and insubstantial. Cracks have appeared in the
silver paths leading to Rivenwood and the workshops,
while King's Hope has taken on a somewhat tarnished
hue. Rumors have begun spreading outward to other
kingdoms that anyone wishing to claim the throne must
walk that path and accept its dangers if he is to have any
chance of reuniting the shattered Kingdom of Concordia.
Though some whisper that David himself waits at the
path's end to crown the new-come king, few believe that
any longer. To most fae, Tara-Nar has become a fortress
serving the interests of the Morwynists. Whatever it
once meant in terms of a unifying edifice of hope has
faded in the wake of the war.

The Hall of Advocaces

Home to the Parliament of Dreams, this stately hall
lies just to the west of Tara-Nar. Occupying its own small
island in Kingslake, the hall may be reached via a short
causeway from the shore or from acarved, arched wooden
bridge located behind Tara-Nar and stretching across a
lily garden. The bridge brings one to the hall's second

VK>

floor, which contains a sweeping balcony that overlooks
the parliamentary hall as well as a series of sitting rooms
where members of the parliament may meet privately
with messengers, visitors from home or other advocates
to discuss votes or plan speeches.

The lower floor is entirely given over toa grand lobby
and the hall itself. The lobby is decorated with a tile floor
depicting a silver path leading through various land-
scapes worked into the walls: a primeval forest, a field of
golden flowers, a rocky mountain pass and a swirling sea.
Golden doors at the end of the lobby open into the Hall
of Advocates. Inside, the hall forms a semicircle, with a
graceful curve of comfortable chairs for the delegates
sweeping down from the entryway and descending to a
small stage where the speaker's dais rests. Letters carved
into the balcony's face reveal the following message:
"The Parliament of Dreams. Let all who come here do so
as equals. Let all who speak here do so in good fellowship.
Let all who leave here do so in peace."

Since the breaking of the parliament, someone has
gouged out the word "peace" and rudely carved in the
word "pieces"—a sad commentary on the breaking of
both the parliament and the kingdom.

HomefFires:
The Wincer Courc of
High King David

Cozily tucked away inside a tenant-owned Manhat-
tan brownstone that serves as an artists' colony for the
residents is Homefires, High King David's winter court.
Along the second floor hallway lies a highly polished
wooden door that leads into a particularly large apart-
ment. The residence belongs to David Ardry and serves
as his winter court during the months when the Berk-
shires become difficult to reach because of heavy snows.

The apartment itself is simply yet tastefully furnished
in greens and golds, showing Morwyn's talent for stylish
décor. With four bedrooms, a formal dining room and
sumptuous baths, the apartment almost seems regal
enough for holding court. Its main fault is that the
apartment itself isn't big enough to accommodate all
those who want to speak with the High King. Usually,
David, Morwyn, Lenore and a few guards and servants


live in the apartment during the coldest months of the
year.

Leading out of an apparently solid wall in the formal
dining room is a double doorway visible only to change-
lings. It opens onto a short trod connected to a fabulous
homestead. Though not the equal of Tara-Nar, the
minipalace, called Homefires, provides shelter for those
visiting court as well as an audience hall and a great hall
for feasts and royal entertainment. Though he is most
y associated with Tara-Nar, David's heart has always been
more given to Homefires. Here the High King can relax
more, and here he kept the Yule Festival.

Since David's disappearance, only a skeleton staff

occupies Homefires, a few servants and guards who hold (ee
the residence in the name of the High King. The place wy)
seems deserted and sad, an empty theatre awaiting play- (S)
ers to bring it to life. Without David to do so, however, (2

the homestead may gradually fade into obscurity.
Morwyn will not leave Tara-Nar for fear Faerilyth
may try to occupy the throne in her absence. If Yule
Court is held at all, it will be in that palace fortress,
not in the comfortable halls of Homefires.

Godlin Town

Located beneath Manhattan Island and coexist-
ing in tenuous harmony with the High King's winter
court of Homefires, Goblin Town serves as a font of
nocker creativity and, many suspect, baser motives.


LR ROS [gg ~ gn yy ~~ ~ en Ye hE. YVey YJ VQ

Nevertheless, since the Accordance War, Goblin Town
has established its own "accord" with its neighbors in the
winter court. Rumors that the residents of Goblin Town
had a hidden hand in the death of Duke Dafyll and the
rise of David Ardry persist despite denials on all fronts.

Since the High King's disappearance, the Kithain of
Goblin Town have grown wary of what the future holds
for them. The loss of the High King's tolerant patronage
leaves them open to attack by many enemies, foremost
among them the Traditionalists of the Beltaine Blade,
who hold Goblin Town responsible for most of the ills in
the Kingdom of Apples, if not in all of Concordia. The
exposure a few years ago of the corruption of Goblin
Town's previous leader, Cadmium Redd, and that nefari-
ous individual's subsequent flight and reputed transfor-
mation into one of the Dauntain, have only added to the
atmosphere of paranoia that surrounds the freehold's
residents.

While Goblin Town enjoys superior defenses and
has little fear of invasion by an army of any size, the
freehold does worry that it may come under siege and
become isolated from potential allies. To this end, emis-
saries from Goblin Town have initiated efforts to make
contact with other freeholds and establish a network of
communication, including the creation of underground
supply routes. Unfortunately, old grudges possess half-
lives of nuclear proportions, and many freeholds in the
Kingdom of Apples would not mind seeing Goblin Town
brought low. Baron Isaac Glass, the freehold's Master
Builder, has found the task of forming alliances with
other fae a difficult one, and he fears that the nockers of
Goblin Town may have to swallow their considerable
pride and make unheard of concessions to achieve a
modicum of safety. Glass fears that Cadmium Redd may
use the state of war as an opportunity to insinuate spies
and infiltrators into her old haunt. Glass has feverishly
spent the years since her flight rebuilding the outer
defenses so as to prevent her from using her knowledge of
Goblin Town's structure to her advantage.

Meanwhile, as the master plan laid out in the seven-
teenth century by nocker architect and metaphysician
Doctor Zachary Tapp nears completion, the dark entity
that lives at the center of the freehold's underground
core, the Black Crystal Caverns, stirs with an ancient and
implacable hunger. The residents of Goblin Town grow

War in Concordia

edgier and more susceptible to hallucinations, and they
find that many new chimera have appeared within the
labyrinthine halls and passages of the freehold, appar-
ently the product of some hideous mind's spontaneous
generation.

Numerous reconnaissance teams from several change-
ling factions have recently made forays into Manhattan's
underground, hoping to discover a way to gain access to
Goblin Town. None of those teams has emerged. The
freehold hovers on the brink of mass hysteria because of
rumors that a crack squad of assassins led by one of House
Balor's most covert operatives plans an assault on Goblin
Town through a trod known only to them. Other rumors
hint that David Ardry languishes in a prison in the
depths of Goblin Town, leading to sporadic attempts by
unfortunate would-be-heroes to rescue the missing king.
The residents of Goblin Town hardly know what to
believe, except that, as usual, they stand alone against
the whole of changeling society.

See Freeholds and Hidden Glens and Kithbook:
Nockers for more information on Goblin Town and its
inhabitants.

Duchy oF Gardens
(New Jersey)

Duke Marcurian of House Dougal rules the Duchy of
Gardens from his freehold estate near Newark. Called
the Greenery, the estate consists of an old, walled garden
that has fallen into ruin anda greenhouse missing several
glass panes. At least, that's its Autumn World appear-
ance. Its chimerical aspect is quite different. The gateway
opens onto a cornucopia of marvelous blooms—flowers,
trees, bushes and grasses with vivid hues and sweet scents.
A meandering path leads to the greenhouse, which
boasts a pond and small waterfall as well as hundreds of
hothouse plants. A glass door leads into the rest of the
freehold. Duke Marcurian is well suited to dealing with
this duchy where many, many nockers live. While he
appreciates machinery and industrial aspects of his duchy,
the duke also hopes to keep many parts of it green as well.
He has had to put his aspirations for his duchy on hold
because of the war. With Queen Mab's freehold within
the borders of his duchy, he has found it most politic to

agree with her policies. Unfortunately, this means his
holdings have become targets for those supporting
Faerilyth or other candidates as well as commoners
hoping to overthrow the sidhe who come to the nockers
for war machines. Recently, the duke has defeated an
attempt on his life and uncovered a plot to kidnap Lenore
from Caer Palisades. He hopes this will quell other plots
but realizes he may be falsely optimistic.

Caer Palisades: The Apples Core

Built near the famous Palisades Park, Caer Palisades
has benefited from the dreams and creative energies
surrounding the amusements there. Once the home of a
plethora of rides and the stage for A-list entertainers, the
park closed several years ago to make way for high-rise
apartments. Despite the Banalizing of the area, Mab's
palace, created to echo the park's amusements, sustains
that Glamour within its walls. As home to the Queen of
Apples, Caer Palisades is expected to be a grand hall, and
it is. Four trods lead from the structure to Tara-Nar, Caer
Lune (a minor freehold of Mab's) and two other locations
Mab has yet to reveal to anyone. Stately walls hold
stained-glass windows depicting the virtues of knight-
hood and the joys of courtly love. Furnished in dark
woods and tapestries, the main portion of the palace
hardly seems a likely site for amusement. Nonetheless,
behind a set of silvery doors carved with fabulous mythi-
cal animals lies a small scale replica of some of the park's
best rides and diversions, including a carousel and Ferris
wheel sized for a smaller patrons. This part of the castle
provided many hours of fun for David and Morwyn when
they first sheltered with Mab, and even the most staid
courtier or visitor may find himself putting aside his
grand airs to experience one or another of the rides.

Currently, Mab finds that even her magnificent view
of Manhattan palls in the face of the problems besetting
her realm. As Queen of Apples, she is concerned with the
effect of the war on all the duchies under her care. While
she gives verbal support to Morwyn in her intention to
hold the throne for David, Mab has also offered shelter to
Lenore, who has become a focal point for those seeking
a candidate to place on the throne. Because of her
balancing act in this regard, Mab cannot leave Caer
Palisades except to meet an opposing army bent on
attacking her lands. With the dissolution of the Parlia-

TATA ATTN ATA

Chapzer Two: Fields of Bazcle and Places of ReFuge 15

I
a ex)
ry
a
<

ment of Dreams and the feud between Morwyn and
Faerilyth, Mab now represents the single greatest figure
of stability in the kingdom. Some believe that so long as
Caer Palisades stands and so long as Mab rules the
Kingdom of Apples, some mirth will remain, Banality
cannot triumph and the war will eventually play itself
out.

Duchy of Lidercys Hearc
(Pennsylvania)

The Duchy of Liberty's Heart encompasses Pennsyl-
vania. Duke Allenion of House Gwydion is well liked
and holds the trust of most of the changelings of the
duchy. His ducal freehold, known as Hearts-ease, occu-
pies a large building near the Pennsylvania Academy of
Fine Arts in Philadelphia. Through careful diplomacy,
the duke has managed to avoid openly supporting any of
the factions scrambling for power. He knows such luck
will not continue, and already some battles beyond his
control have rocked his duchy. Pennsylvania holds many
monuments that underline the folly of civil war, a telling
lesson the duke understands all too well. He is very
reluctant to join in what seems an even greater tragedy in
the making than the Accordance War. Soon he will have
to decide whether he will move to quell disturbances in
his duchy or hope that by not responding, he can encour-
age others to find peaceful solutions.

Duchy of Sconecoast

(CDaine)

The Duchy of Stonecoast is ruled by Duchess Ylenaria
of House Eiluned. Ylenaria is a scholar whose freehold of
Writer's Cove in Portland has become a haven for
aspiring writers as well as those who appreciate antique
books. The duchess is a Traditionalist who rules her
duchy with an iron hand encased in velvet, so long as
challenges are respectful. Her duchy isn't largely popu-
lated despite its size. Most residents, especially those who
lodge at Writer's Cove, are academics. The duchess
unswervingly supports Morwyn's position of holding the
throne for David and would support her in any bid for
power. Her support is based in her respect for tradition
and her desire to see the matter settled with as little chaos
as possible.

THY

Sy

TD

rs


aS
&,

Duchy of Freewill
(New Hampshire)

The changelings who live in the Duchy of Freewill,
which corresponds to the state of New Hampshire, are
fiercely proud of their independent-minded duke, Garan
of House Fiona. The duke's Concord freehold, known as
Freeheart, is an open haven where all are welcome and
anyone can speak her mind. This has proven to be a two-
edged (well, multiedged) sword, as supporters of all the
factions as well as anarchists and nihilists have come to
Freeheart to argue their case and try to gain the duke's
support for their cause. Garan has thus far remained
neutral despite some fairly impassioned speeches and
mudslinging. He knows he cannot stop this inundation
by all the factions without trampling on the very founda-
tion of his leadership of Freewill. Yet it's only a matter of
time until the enforced neutrality he requires of those
who come to his duchy gives way to battle as impassioned
as the speeches preceding it.

Duchy of CDaples
(Vermonc)

This scenic duchy encompasses Vermont, known for
its beautiful landscapes and sugar maples. Unlike many of
the northern duchies, Maples's ducal freehold doesn't lie
within a large urban area, but among its most lovely
scenery. The freehold of Greenbranch, home to Duchess
Caerendlith of House Gwydion, is located on the north-
ern tip of the Green Mountain National Forest.
Caerendlith prefers to lead by example rather than im-
posing rulership with a heavy hand, though in recent
months, she has been beset by those who find her duchy's
relative isolation a good staging ground for their factions'
armies. The duchess holds onto hope that High King
David will return. Until he does, she supports High
Queen Faerilyth's claim, a decision that has caused
Morwyn to treat her fellow Gwydion as a traitor.

MDouncain Dreams Scadles

Located in central Vermont's rural backcountry,
near the Green Mountains, the Mountain Dreams Stables
provides tourists with idyllic and challenging weekend
horseback outings. In addition, the small but thriving

War in Concordia

IOI OSS OS OS SIOSS

business breeds, shows and occasionally sells a variety of
purebred riding horses, including the stocky, shaggy
Icelandic ponies so beloved by cross-country riders. The
Evans family, owners and operators, treat their visitors
and clients with courtesy and cordiality but save their
real affection for the creatures they raise and for one
another.

While mortals see the well-kept, spacious stables;
paddocks; training rings and the modest house that
serves as a combination family residence and bed-and-
breakfast establishment, Kithain who travel to Moun-
tain Dreams Stables enjoy a very different experience.

Mountain Dreams exists in both the mortal world
and in the Near Dreaming. As a freehold held by Sir
Evern ap Scathach and his kinain family, the chimerical
aspect of the house, stables and grounds depicts a very
different landscape. Kithain and enchanted visitors gain
access to a realm that includes an Icelandic great hall as
well as a craggy expanse of towering forests, rocky ascents
and icy cold mountain streams. A few trusted fae, all
members of the Riders of the Midnight Trods, see yet a
third level to the freehold: a nexus of trods that connect
to various parts of the Kingdom of Apples. Long a
jealously guarded secret by Sir Evern's line of House
Scathach, these trods now serve as the secret pathways
used by the Riders to carry their messages and news
throughout the realm.

Duchy of Peucer

(CDassachuseccs)

Ruled by Duchess Peraniya of House Ailil from her
freehold of Oldenwaye in Ipswich, this is the only duchy
in the Kingdom of Apples to claima ruler from one of the
Unseelie houses. Bedeviled by conflicting claimants (most
notably Duke Tymon of Boston), the duchess relies on
personal charisma to bring supporters to her court. The

duchess was granted the duchy by act of the Parliament
of Dreams just a month before David's disappearance,
and she is still trying to consolidate her rule of the area.
Thus far, she has been unsuccessful in attempts to retake
Boston. The duchess is in the unenviable position of
being a radical in an area populated by both fanatically
traditional nobles and ultraradical commoners (with a


A)

ee

&
few crossovers just to make things interesting). The
nobles try to ignore or unseat her since they resent being
ruled by an Unseelie, while the commoners prove unwill-
ing to look beyond her kith and see her actual politics.

Duchy of Sails
(Rhode Island)

Duke Larys of House Fiona rules his small duchy from
Seaspray, his freehold that looks out over the ocean.
Despite its small size in terms of land area, the Duchy of
Sails claims a large changeling population. Larys himself
supports any notion to award the throne of Concordia to
Queen Mab, arguing that David Ardry would not have
even become High King without Mab's support, guid-
ance and willingness to shelter David and Morwyn from
the worst excesses of the Accordance War. In the true
tradition of expressing opinions freely, however, it al-
most seems as though each and every changeling in the
duchy has a different idea about who should rule and
how—and they aren't shy about bickering with others
about it. Those seeking followers for any given faction
have only to travel to the Duchy of Sails to find them.
The emphasis on sailing here also has provided many
seaborne troops for raids along the coast. Protests from
other duchies to Duke Larys meet with no success,
however, for he claims not to know about any of these
raids. Despite his denials, sluagh observers have recently
noted an upsurge of Glamour in the area and attribute it
to the duchy's dross pirates.

Duchy of Fair Winds
(Delaware)

Once noted as a vibrant, if small, duchy, Fair Winds
has entered a state of stagnant waiting. Duchess Linnielle
of House Eiluned has closed her freehold of Windhoven
in Newcastle to anyone but her immediate court in the
wake of the assassination of her love, Sir Sherard, by
commoners who then attempted to storm her home.
Several of her guards died in the assault, though they just
managed to beat off the assailants. Now she finds herself
and her guards cut off in an isolated freehold while
commoner bands roam the duchy looking for spoils or

opponents to fight. Unknown to Linnielle, the Shadow
Court quietly set up a stronghold here and recruited
heavily. Now they seek to take the duchy. Linielle has
sent word to Morwyn that she is under siege, but with
other battles and other sieges demanding Morwyn's at-
tention, it is doubtful she will be able to offer the help the
duchess needs.

Commonuiealch of Hopes
Boundary

(Conneccicuc)

Just as someone can look down from Yale University
in any direction and see that much of New Haven exists
at near poverty level, so was the Duchy of Mirrors, where
the line between nobles and commoners was distinct and
rigorously upheld by Duke Rialdo of House Gwydion.
Fed up with his policies and freed from any pretense by
the start of the War of Dreams, the commoners banded
together to overthrow the unpopular duke. In his place,
they elected a "governor" to rule the duchy according to
the wishes of a representative council elected by town
meetings. Governor Zharkis is a satyr grump who earned
his appointment from years of impassioned speeches
urging equality. Now he has the chance to show what a
duchy ruled by democracy can do. His first act as gover-
nor was to preside over renaming the former duchy the
Commonwealth of Hope's Boundary.

Places of SaFecy

As the war spreads throughout the Kingdom of
Apples, a few freeholds struggle to hold onto their neu-
trality, providing places of respite for both sides in the
midst of growing animosity and intolerance. Though
these safeholds are few in number and seem unlikely to
retain their neutral status for much longer, they currently
serve as rare meeting places for members of opposing
factions who still hold out some hope for a speedy end to
the conflict.

Chapcer Two: Fields of Baccle and Places of Refuge


re

a

i Q

Xa) f an

Located in Green-

BH

wich Village, the
Everheart Gallery contains

C22

exhibitions of contemporary

and modern art created by

Gi

changeling artists and many of their

Dreamers. The gallery's main room, ac-

"EG

cessible from the street and frequented by
Kithain as well as mortal art aficionados, features

WN)

paintings, sculptures and mixed-media compositions

that portray the hidden side of the everyday world. A
graceful trompe l'oeil painting at the back wall of the

gallery depicts an archway opening onto a vista of an

ES

idyllic landscape. For Kithain, this painting provides
access into the freehold that lies beyond the main gallery.

The gallery-behind-the gallery holds works of art

22

that speak primarily to changelings. Lately, many of

S

these works have reflected their artists' concerns with
the prevailing atmosphere of war and uncertainty
within Kithain society. Textures, colors and com-
positions combine in sublime and often bizarre
images that indicate their creators' attempt to
transform the current unrest into artistic
visions. One particular artist, a sidhe of
\S House Fiona, speaks of the death of
o72) ~ chivalry in a series of paintings of
WN ] t » mounted knights fighting losing
vA AY NX Lo battles against nightmarish drag-

\ ons with mechanical heads or

2) | Ne D bodies made of computer circuitry.
>) vd Another group of paintings, entitled
"The Coming Storms," by a satyr spe-
cializing in abstract art, traverses the spec-
trum of colors and emotions, from dark,
vibrant colors that swirl about one another

Ve in textured layers to lighter, shimmering
A)
\% ee tones that evoke more hopeful emotions

) y = Wi despite their frenetic activity.

a 78 War in Concordia @

‘.

VR = = = a

a
K



| XN E. o)-
RENT
AND LD iny D

Swear by those horsemen, by those women,
Complexion and form prove superhuman,

That pale, long visaged company

That airs an immortality

Completeness of their passions won;

Now they ride the wintry dawn

—William Butler Yeats, "Under Ben Bulben"

New Dreams

With the outbreak of war, new heroes and villains
have made their mark on Kithain society. Some have
risen to greatness or notoriety thanks to their conscious
involvement in recent events in Concordia. Others
have fallen into their positions of prominence through
accident or happenstance. This gallery of notables does
not present an exhaustive list of changeling luminaries
but provides instead a few examples of individuals for
Storytellers to include in their chronicles. Feel free to
add to this list as you see fit or to discard any of the figures
who don't seem suitable to your stories.

Chapcer

Adama, General of che Army of
che Dreaming

Growing up in Boston's Roxbury district, Adam
Sowande learned early that he needed to stand tall and
proud in order to survive in a harsh world of racial
stereotypes. Adam's parents impressed on their son, the
oldest of four children, the importance of honoring his
African heritage. Unfortunately, Adam's father died
unexpectedly from a massive coronary. Adam, at four-
teen, assumed the responsibilities of a man. Adam's
mother refused to let her son quit school to work full time,
insisting that an education was more important than a

81

Three: Children of War and Peace People


American culture. During a particularly inspiring dance
presentation, Adam found himself caught up in the
pounding rhythms and brilliant colors. Soon he plunged
deep into his Chrysalis.

The head of the dance company, waiting in the wings
as his troupe brought its performance to a climax, felt the
explosion of Glamour in the audience and sought out its
source. Thus, Adam came under the protection of Michael
Nangila and learned about his second heritage—being
an eshu.

Instead of attending Boston University, Adam in-
formed his mother, to her dismay and great disappoint-
ment, that he was joining Nangila's dance company as a
member of the support staff. For the next year, Adam
traveled across the United States—or, rather, across the
Kingdom of Concordia—receiving an education not
usually found in college. From his exposure to the many
kingdoms of the fae, Adam, who now called himself
Adama, learned the histories of many kith and soon
acquired a formidable collection of stories from many
cultures.

GL

ISS

tS
iy

Sy)

The more information he gathered about fae society,
however, the more Adama perceived the inequities be-
tween commoners and nobles. He grew disheartened
with the realization that even the society of the children
of the Dreaming suffered from the same petty prejudices
and bigoted attitudes as the world of mortals.

His innate ability to assess situations and people
manifested itself not long after Adama's rude awakening.
He sensed a growing fractiousness within the fabric of fae
society. The young eshu knew that before long, the
delicate balance between nobles and commoners would
dissolve. Whenever he slept, Adama dreamed of war.

Believing that the Dreaming had chosen him as a
vessel, Adama left the dance company and, to the sur-
prise of everyone who knew him, enlisted in the army.
For the next four years, he studied the science of war,
absorbing everything he could about military history,
battle tactics and the art of inspiring troops to give their
life for a cause. At the end of his term of service, Adama
left the army and returned to the world of the fae.

The next year, David Ardry disappeared. Within a
year and a day, Concordia found itself in the midst of a
war with many sides, and Adama found himself thrust
into the position of military leader for the Armies of the
Dreaming.

few more dollars. As a result, Adam saw his mother take
on two jobs, wearing herself out before she was forty.
Adam excelled in school despite the stresses of his
home life and the pressures from his inner-city peers. His
studious nature came to the attention of college recruit-
ers, who urged him to apply for an academic scholarship.
The summer before he would have gone to Boston
University, Adam attended a celebration of African


Image: Adama stands well over 6 feet tall, with
ebony skin, powerful shoulders and a trim, warrior's
build. His face, all sharp angles and planes, bears the mark
of nobility. His dark eyes regard everyone he sees with a
calculation borne from years of practice assessing an
individual's potential as either an ally or a foe. In his fae
form, Adama's eshu nature comes to the fore; he is even
taller and slimmer, though he maintains his regal pres-
ence. He favors ethnic African attire, though he does not
adhere to any single tribal finery but prefers to borrow
from the styles of many nations. He enjoys wearing
elaborate headdresses in order to add to his stature and
draw attention to himself. He carries a slim spear with
runic-looking etchings on the spearhead that suggest the
weapon serves a ceremonial as well asa practical purpose.

Roleplaying Hints: The Dreaming has chosen you
for a key part in this enormous conflict. Although you
have not had actual combat experience, your stint in the
military—dictated by your kith's birthright, you now
believe—has given you some of the skills that you need
to direct the motley army of commoners who seek a
better life. You have a keen mind, and your association
with Nangila's dance company, not to mention your time
in the army, has honed your body to a fine pitch. Some-
times you feel that you are not up to the task of leading
your troops to victory, but you know that you must not
allow anyone to doubt your ability. Force yourself to
exude confidence and inspiration, even when you do not
feel it yourself. You walk in the footsteps of heroes. You
must be worthy of those who have gone before you.

Story Connection: Characters may encounter Gen-
eral Adama either as an inspiring commanding officer (if
they actually join the Army of the Dreaming) or as an
implacable though honorable foe (if they oppose the
commoner movement). Adama may prove to be an ally
or an enemy, depending on the characters' allegiances.

Rowena the Jusc, Leader of che
Riders of the CDidnighc Trods

From her childhood, Rowena Evans knew that she
carried fae blood within her veins. Her father, himself a
knight of House Scathach, raised his only daughter in the
knowledge that one day she, too, might evince the

Chapzer Three: Children of War and Peace People 83

fullness of her dual nature as both human vessel and fae
spirit. In the meantime, Rowena spent her days, when
she was not in school, helping out in her family's busi-
ness, the Mountain Dreams Stables, located in rural
Vermont.

Rowena experienced her Chrysalis at the age of ten,
when she witnessed the birth of the Icelandic foal prom-
ised to her by her parents. Like Rowena, Fyrelight bore
faerie blood, and the emergence of the Glamour-filled
colt into the world triggered Rowena's own awareness of
her faerie self.

Sb: d:

fT s

GESIOS:

SS

CR

>

Ky

>

SS

OL, o

>

i

SACKS

As she grew older, Rowena took on more and more
responsibility for training the horses her parents raised.
Atthe same time as she learned the ins and outs of riding,
she also studied mounted combat maneuvers and other
skills necessary to a knight of the Kingdom of Apples.
When she passed from childling to wilder, Rowena
traveled to Caer Palisades with her father, Sir Evern of
the Mountain Dream. There, in the presence of Queen
Mab, Sir Evern knighted his daughter. Dame Rowena
swore fealty to her father and pledged her loyalty to the
Kingdom of Apples.

Life in rural Vermont gave Rowena little opportu-
nity to mix with other noble fae. On the few opportuni-
ties when she did encounter other sidhe, she discovered
that, with few exceptions, the other houses considered
the sidhe of House Scathach as barely qualified to call
themselves nobles. Her free association with her mortal
kin drew whispered criticism from many fae, who consid-
ered such an action a near violation of the Escheat.
Rowena's father took the gossip of other nobles in stride
and encouraged his daughter to do likewise. "They don't
understand us and they never will" summed up his
attitude toward the other houses.

When the disappearance of the High King and the
inevitable dissolution of the Parliament of Dreams caused
a general breakdown in fae society and a fracturing of
once-solid political impulses into numerous warring fac-
tions, Rowena and her father attempted to stay apart
from the building conflict. Reasoning that saner minds
needed to remain uncommitted to any side, father and
daughter called together a number of knights—many of
them fellow members of House Scathach—and created
the Riders of the Midnight Trods as an independent
messenger service to ensure communication among the
fae of Concordia.

Rowena has grown skilled in both Dream Craft and
Wayfare, Arts that assist her in her rounds for the Riders.
She excels in equestrian skills and has also learned how
to ably defend herself in both armed and unarmed com-
bat. Her training in etiquette, while not flawless, still
allows her to comport herself well in courtly situations,
though she prefers to avoid formal occasions whenever
possible.

\

Image: This sidhe female wears knightly battle at-
tire, including a surcoat bearing the black unicorn on a
silver background that marks her as a knight of House
Scathach. Rowena wairs her fair hair in long braids, in
the style favored by medieval Saxon women. Her slender
build belies the coiled strength of the trained warrior.
She is as graceful and deadly on foot as on horseback, and
she rides as if her mount were an extension of herself.
Rowena's pale, icy blue eyes and stern expression give her
a formidable presence. Although her nose is a little too
long and her features too strong for conventional beauty,
this warrior maiden presents a handsome and aristocratic
appearance.

Roleplaying Hints: You prefer riding the trods,
carrying important messages to the far corners of the
realm to biding time in boring courts or taking sides. Your
sympathies lie for the most part with the commoners—
like them, you see the intransigence and arrogance of the
"full" noble houses all too often for your liking. Speak
bluntly and do not waste words, but avoid sounding rude
or impatient. Your mortal heritage stems from the hardy
folk of New England. Your outer surface is as harsh as
granite, but there is a depth and sweetness to your inner
core that belies your gruff demeanor.

Story Connection: Rowena may have the distinc-
tion of being the first person in Concordia to encounter
Danwyn ap Gwydion when he first entered the mortal
world. Storytellers may wish to make use of Rowena as a
means of introducing characters to any subplots revolv-
ing around this mysterious candidate for Concordia's
throne. Rowena herself presents a solid connection with
the Riders, whom she leads, and with the forces of
neutrality in the Kingdom of Apples. Fae seeking safe
havens may find some assistance from Rowena and her
Riders provided they do not overuse her hospitality or
expect her to support their cause.

Vardayne ap Ailil, Bard of the
Wincer Courc

Avery Granger grew up in San Francisco, the son of
wealth and privilege. The only child of classical musi-
cians, Avery developed a keen ear for music, but rather
than turning his precocious talents to the composers so

loved by his parents, he gravitated instead toward the
complex rhythms of world beat and traditional folk
music. His Chrysalis came shortly after his thirteenth
birthday, when he attended a festival of world music in
Golden Gate Park. Discovering his true self, Avery also
realized that he belonged to a house known for its
intrigue and political acumen, not for its musical exper-
tise. Drifting further apart from his family until he spent
only his nights at home, Vardayne ap Ailil began the
process of separating his fae life as a noble from his mortal
existence as Avery Granger. He achieved his intention
of shedding his former family ties at the age of sixteen,
when he won a competitive scholarship to a small but

Zea

Sa oh
prestigious performing arts institution north of San Fran-
cisco. Over his parents' objections, Avery/Vardayne
moved out of the family home and declared himself
independent.

In true Unseelie style, Avery shrugged his shoulders
at expectations and decided to pursue his own course of
action regardless of the consequences. Fortunately for
him, Count Vogon, the reigning dignitary of House Ailil
in the Kingdom of Pacifica, recognized the Ailil spirit of
ruthless dedication and didnot attempt to force Vardayne
into any particular mold. Instead, he watched the young
musician's progress from a distance and, when the time
seemed appropriate, offered the young Ailil a position as
his personal bard.

While he continued his musical studies and ex-
panded his repertoire, Vardayne also developed an affin-
ity for politics inspired by his close association with his
patron. Accompanying Count Vogon to the Parliament
of Dreams, Vardayne soon discovered that he enjoyed
the intricacies of the political dance, finding in it the
same rich complexity he so relished in music. Before
long, he admitted to himself that he looked forward to his
trips to Tara-Nar in the retinue of his patron as much as
he eagerly approached any other "performance."

ral

‘n>
NES

During one such trip, Vardayne made the acquain-
tance of Charity, an exotic sluagh who served as an
information broker. Since his duties for Count Vogon
included acquiring and assessing rumors, gossip and other
bits and pieces of fact and fiction, Vardayne found
himself more and more often in Charity's company—
and, eventually, in her bed. Although he initially saw his
liaison with the sluagh as a business arrangement,
Vardayne succumbed to her aloof sexuality and jaded
innocence and fell in love. To his surprise, Charity
seemed to reciprocate. The pair of lovers feasted on the
atmosphere of political intensity that surrounded fae
politics. Vardayne received permission from Count Vogon
to move from Pacifica to the Kingdom of Apples, where
he established a small freehold, ostensibly to remain near
to the heart of Kithain politics in his patron's absence. In
reality, Vardayne wanted to spend more time with his
sluagh lover.


=

Si

The disappearance of David Ardry and the fall of the
Parliament of Dreams brought Vardayne and Charity to
an impasse as love and politics declared war on each
other, and love came out a poor second. Caught up in the
mystifying machinations of the war for the throne of
Concordia, Vardayne ignored the problem developing
among the commoners until he realized that Charity had
taken a stand on the other side of a swiftly widening rift.
As political distress exploded into full-scale war between
the commoners and the nobles, Vardayne realized that
any attempts to remain in touch with Charity would have
to take place under close secrecy and that discovery of
their relationship would jeopardize both of them. So far,
he has considered his love worth the risk.

1S

CY

Le

"VY

Se
SJ)

Vardayne makes the most of his social skills, all of
which are highly developed. He is not only an excellent
performer, playing many instruments but preferring
stringed ones such as the harp and the lute, he also has a
knack for public speaking and has become a competent
actor (a necessity for anyone involved in politics). His
mastery of the fae Arts includes both the noble Art of
Sovereign and the Unseelie Art of Contempt in addition
to basic abilities in Soothsay and Wayfare.

oy RY

UG
2S)

Lc
UK

Image: Vardayne's pale, flaxen hair and dark brown
eyes form a study in contrast and add to his unquestion-
able allure to fae of both sexes. His attractiveness and
natural charisma usually ensure that he makes a favorable
first impression. Vardayne prefers to dress in the finest
voile, favoring rich, dark colors. He has a weakness for
fine jewels and usually wears several rings and ear studs.
Never seen without his small, exquisitely crafted, hand-
held harp, Vardayne ranks as one of the finest bards in
Concordia. As a performer without peers, he exudes
confidence and sensuality without seeming either ef-
feminate or feral. Though he never denies either his
house membership or his Unseelie nature, few who meet
him seem to take issue with either, so long as he allows
them to bask in his radiant presence.

Roleplaying Hints: The war has separated you from
your lover but has opened up a whole new range of
political opportunities. While your patron believes you
are firmly in his camp—and you do support Count Vogon

86 War in Concordia

2S

and the Ailil High Lord Erdath in their bid to bring the
Unseelie to power in Concordia—you also see the plight
of the commoner kith. You have Charity to thank for
that. Keep your thoughts to yourself, except when legiti-
mately asked to make an assessment of a situation. Bring
the same dedication to politics that you do to your music
and, above all, practice, practice, practice at both.

Story Connection: Vardayne has witnessed the long,
slow death of the Parliament of Dreams and has kept a
good record of the developments in fae society since that
time. He can serve as a good source of information, as a
contact among the Unseelie fae (and thus to the Shadow
Court) and as an antagonist who possesses a high degree
of personal integrity as well as a very significant weak-
ness, his commoner lover.

Sir Ranulf Dorsey ap Dougal,
Knighz of the Red Branch

Until his last year in high school, Lowell Gordon
lived a normal, if somewhat hectic, life. As the star
quarterback for his football team, he spent most of his
time outside classes on the playing field or else working
out in the gym. He dated casually but had no serious
thoughts about long-lasting relationships. His future
included a football scholarship to the state university,
then a few years of professional football and, finally, a
lucrative retirement with endorsements and, maybe, a
wife and kids.

All that changed when he zigged instead of zagged
across a busy street the evening before his graduation. He
woke up in the hospital's intensive care unit, paralyzed
from the waist down and missing his left foot, with an
eerie feeling in his head, as if some stranger had come to
occupy his mind. That night, as Lowell Gordon slipped
into a coma from which he would never return, Sir
Ranulf Dorsey ap Dougal claimed the body of the coma-
tose teenager and decided that life in a wheelchair was
unacceptable. The Glamour induced by this Chrysalis in
extremis drew a troll orderly and a Liam head nurse to his
side. The pair nursed the newly arrived sidhe in addition
to caring for his mortal shell. They helped him recall
enough of his host's memories to put together a convinc-
ing semblance of Lowell Gordon.

For the next three years, "Lowell" occupied a hell of
physical and mental agony as he struggled to overcome
his paralysis. Finally, with the help of a prosthetic foot,
Lowell took his first steps without assistance. His family
was overjoyed at having their son back, even though his
dreams of a career in pro football died in the hospital.

shoulders, and his eyes deepen to blue-black. He prefers
serviceable, casual clothes as a mortal, suitable for his
position asa consultant toa Boston group of architectural
engineers. As Sir Ranulf, he wears elegantly crafted
armor that displays his house's blazon entwined with a
red vine, symbolic of his membership in the Red Branch.

They made no objection when Lowell asked them to
send him to MIT, though they did not hide their surprise
at their son's sudden desire to get a degree in engineering.
Three years older than the rest of his classmates,
Lowell held himself apart from the usual college extra-
curricular activities. Instead, he sought and found a group
of Kithain in Cambridge who introduced him to the local
changeling community, including a physics professor at
MIT who, like Lowell, belonged to House Dougal.
Professor London, otherwise known as Sir Louvien,
took Lowell—now Ranulf ap Dougal—under his wing,
making him his squire and, later, when he had proven
himself, recommending him as a candidate for knight-
hood. That very year, the High King passed through

Roleplaying Hints: You believe that the High King
himself, ina moment of prescience, chose you for the task
to which you have dedicated yourself. The Red Branch
has come to mean everything to you. It symbolizes honor,
bravery, determination and camaraderie. You can't let
that ideal die. If you can save Concordia by staging a fae
version of a military coup, you will do so in a heartbeat.
Speak forcefully, whether you are talking to an indi-
vidual or a crowd. You have a mission to accomplish and,
by the Dreaming, you will succeed!

SS

Story Connection: You can provide the characters
withaconnection to the Red Branch (or what's left of it).
You may also want to enlist any nobles in your cause,
particularly if they are themselves members of the Red

fe

SS

Boston and noticed Ranulf at a reception given in his
honor. David Ardry knighted the young man on the spot,
claiming that the Dreaming had urged him to do so and
that Sir Ranulf had an important role to play in the future
of Concordia.

A year later, after a period of secret testing, Sir Ranulf
received an invitation to join the Knights of the Red
Branch. Two years later, David Ardry disappeared. Sir
Ranulf not only mourned the loss of his liege, but he
deplored the subsequent collapse of the unity of the Red
Branch. Remembering the words of the High King, Sir
Ranulf decided that his role in Concordia's future con-
sisted of nothing less than reuniting the Red Branch and
placing that elite group at the helm of Concordia's
sinking ship.

Image: Built like a quarterback, with strong muscles,
a lithe body and powerful arms, Sir Ranulf's curly brown
hair and dark blue eyes make him a head turner. His
noticeable limp slows him down on foot but does not
affect his ability to ride a horse (or a motorcycle) or drive
a car. In his fae form, Sir Ranulf stands several inches
shorter than most sidhe and has a bulkier build (though
still slender by human standards). His hair falls past his

Branch. You can be a staunch ally or an implacable and
merciless foe.

Idrisia, Hero of Coldforc

Isabel Blanding's early childhood consisted of daily
scoldings from her parents, who deplored their overly
large, overly sluggish, seemingly dull daughter's lack of
drive, ambition or intelligence. From the time she took
her first steps, Izzie constantly struggled to make her way
in the world—almost as if she occupied more space than
her physical body could account for. Slow to speak, slow
to develop, apparently slow to think, Izzie nevertheless
demonstrated a fierceness of temper combined with a
stubborness of will that made her, at best, a difficult child.

At first, her parents attempted to handle their prob-
lem child on their own using a variety of techniques.
Physical discipline such as spanking had no effect what-
soever on Izzie. She simply shrugged off pain as if she
didn't even feel it. Locking her in her room had no
effect—Izzie battered the lock off her bedroom door so
many times that her father finally gave up and removed
the door entirely. The only punishment that seemed to
have any effect consisted of verbal admonishments

,
oS)
i

Chapzer Three: Children of War and Peace People 87

~~

ax

CS

SY

Ce

Lf

CL,

ge
ics

Cry,

K

uy)

intended to shame the child into obedience or compli-
ance. Appeals to Izzie's pride in herself, strangely enough,
succeeded in allowing the Blandings to exert some con-
trol over their child.

By the time Isabel was ready for kindergarten, her
parents realized that she could not attend a school with
"normal" children. Their daughter was just too big, too
clumsy and too "plumb dumb" to ever get along on her
own, and her lumbering antics might actually injure
smaller children. At their wits end, the Blandings searched
for an institution in which to place their child and found
oneat Coldfort Special Needs Academy just outside New
Haven, Connecticut.

(ar in Concordia

i (> =:
NST

Serv

The headmistress of Coldfort, Miss Agatha Deveraux,
assured the Blandings that they need not worry about
their daughter. Isabel would find a haven from the harsh
outside world within the confines of Coldfort's campus.
Moreover, Deveraux insisted that the residents of Coldfort
often found their true identities among others of their
kind, people set apart from the world by their special
"gifts." The Blandings bid a tearful, though relieved,
farewell to their daughter, content that they had done
their best by Izzie and that they need trouble themselves
about her no longer.

Strangely enough, they were right.

Isabel felt utterly at home in Coldfort for the first
time in her short life. Miss Deveraux assigned her a small
attic room furnished with an oversized bed and told Isabel
that she should consider herself a part of the family. That
night, feeling safe and unexpectedly happy, Isabel en-
tered her Chrysalis. The flow of Glamour coming from
her room attracted the academy's other residents, who,
led by Agatha Deveraux, otherwise known as Baroness
Agriana ni Fiona, welcomed the troll childling Idrisia
into the freehold of Coldfort. Idrisia had just turned
eight.

For a year and a day, Idrisia lived the life she had
always dreamed of. No longer scolded for her clumsiness,
she reveled in her newfound awareness of her troll-sized
body. The enchanted nature of the freehold enabled her
to forget about her human form, and the childling discov-
ered a natural, lethargic gracefulness and a powerful
strength in her chunky shape. Baroness Agriana further-
more realized that Idrisia possessed a meticulously or-
dered mind. Far from being stupid, the troll childling
demonstrated a remarkable, though methodically slow,
intelligence. Idrisia developed a strong sense of loyalty to
the baroness, whom she saw as the mother she should
have had. Before her ninth birthday, Idrisia swore an
oath of fealty to the baroness, binding herself to the
protection of Coldfort and its ruler. Ignorant of politics
or the growing unease brought about by the disappear-
ance of the High King, Idrisia practiced her combat skills
with the single-minded focus of most children at play.


When Coldfort became the target for an attack by
Andros and his revolutionary troops, Idrisia gave no
thought for her own safety. Though terrified at the sight
of her fallen comrade, the childling rushed headlong into
battle, striking with all her nine-year-old fierceness at
whoever came toward her. Though she turned the tide of
the battle and saved the lives of the residents of Coldfort,
Idrisia nearly lost an eye and most definitely lost her
innocence. Never again would her world be a safe place
of combat games and loving, supportive friends. Now she
was a soldier, and her home had become the front line of
an ugly civil war.

Though she is not clumsy, Idrisia's primary physical
characteristics are her kith-related strength and her
incredible endurance. She conducts herself with poise
and aplomb and shows the potential to be a natural
leader, if she lives long enough. Her combat skills are
highly developed for a childling. She can also ride, swim
and climb with ease.

Image: Atnine years of age, this troll female childling
is still young enough to wear her waist-length, reddish
brown hair ina ponytail. Her face shows the strength she
will grow into as a woman while retaining its childish
softness. Idrisia's right eye now bears a short scar along its
outer edge, evidence of the battle of Coldfort that nearly
cost her her young life. She wears a tooled leather
breastplate over less military court clothing and carries a
battle-axe sized for her still small stature. Idrisia's small
horns give her face a fierce, determined look in keeping
with the sobering fact that this childling is, unfortu-
nately, growing up all too fast.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak slowly and think of what
you are going to say before you say it. You do not have a
quick mind, but you have a sure and truthful one. You
owe everything to the baroness, who took you from your
bad parents and gave you a home where you could be a
troll instead of a "big dumb girl." You would die for her if
you had to, and you almost had to when the bad people
attacked your home. Now your friends tell you that you
are a hero, but you tell them you are a warrior. Heroes
wear funny capes and fly. You wear armor and kill.

Chapzer Three: Children of War and Peace People

etry

Story Connection: This troll childling has become
a symbol for commoners loyal to the High King and the
idea of Concordia. As such, the enemies of noble rule
have targeted her for abduction, Banalization or assassi-
nation. The characters may encounter Idrisia as an
enemy, a friend or as the object of a search and destroy
mission.

Charizy, the Invisidle Pacrioc

Born toa high-powered New York City ad executive
and his socialite wife, Charisse Dunbar spenta childhood
of quiet agony, suffering not only the neglect of parents
who didn't want her but also the active abuse by a string
of governesses and tutors who acted as surrogate parents
and full-time tormentors. Forbidden to speak in her
parents' presence unless first spoken to or to call atten-
tion to herself in any way, Charisse soon learned to make
herself as inconspicuous as possible. Silent and brooding,
the child developed a rich inner life and concentrated on
listening rather than speaking, thinking rather than
doing and hiding rather than seeking.

When Charisse was twelve, a new figure came into
her life, one who taught her the meaning of terror butalso
opened her up to her inner self. When the shy, reclusive
child failed to bring home grades that satisfied her par-
ents, the Dunbars removed her from private school and
hired a tutor. Thaddeus Berns assured Charisse's parents
that he could turn their daughter into a singular student,
and, in fact, the child's grades improved over the next
two years. What the Dunbars failed to notice, however,
were the bruises and burns that marked Charisse's body—
punishments for academic sloppiness.

Charisse's life, which had resembled a stint in Purga-
tory, became a term in Hell. Thaddeus excelled in
techniques of persuasion that could fall only under the
category of torture. Out of desperation, Charisse discov-
ered something about her body that she had not previ-
ously known. She could contort her extremely limber
body into all sorts of configurations and could, therefore,
escape some of the more painful forms of "creative
restraints" that Thaddeus used to encourage her to con-
centrate on her lessons. When Thaddeus began demand-
ing sexual favors from Charisse, she experienced a new
form of pain and set her mind to escape.


The day before her sixteenth birthday, Charisse ran
away from home. Two days later, on a bus headed for
Atlantic City, she felt lightheaded and sick. An elderly
woman, a fellow passenger, convinced the driver to make
an unscheduled stop along the New Jersey coast. There,
within sight of the ocean, Charisse entered her Chrysalis
under the watchful eye of a boggan grump who recog-
nized the early warning signs of the awakening of the
girl's faerie spirit. Discovering her nature as one of the
soft-spoken sluagh, Charisse tried to put her old life
behind her. Renaming herself Charity, she followed her
boggan guardian to a freehold near Atlantic City. There,
Charity discovered how to put her listening skills to good
use. She became an information broker, watching and
noticing everything that went on around her and selling
her knowledge to the highest bidder. Her other "skills,"
learned so painfully at the feet of her tutor, also served her
well, as Charity soon slithered her way into the beds of
nobles and titled commoners, catering to their desires—

x
5)

ag

1K

i, 4 however bizarre—and coming away from her trysts with
5) juicy tidbits of sellable information.

Eventually, her talents, both in and out of bed,

We earned her a place in the halls of power, and Charity

found herself ensconced in Tara-Nar as a primary source
of information for the Advocates of the Parliament of
Dreams. At her first meeting with Lord Vardayne, the
Ailil bard in Count Vogon's entourage, Charity thought
he would serve as just another source of information.
Little did she expect genuine affection to enter into the
mix, but when she realized that she had fallen in love
with a sidhe lord, she decided to make the most of the
relationship.

Unfortunately, the vagaries of fae society had other
intentions. The High King's disappearance and the chaos
that ensued brought Charity to a critical point in her life.
Although her heart urged her to remain with her noble
lover, her growing realization of the plight of the com-
moner kith drove her in another direction. Charity
found that she knew too many ugly facts about the nobles
and how they felt about commoners to ally herself with
any of the noble factions. She and Vardayne reluctantly
separated, vowing that whenever the Dreaming allowed,
they would find each other again.

90 (ar in Concordia

>


Charity has excellent stealth and subterfuge abili-
ties. Her upper-class childhood has taught her etiquette
and social sk e has mastered the Arts of Chicanery
and Ledgerdemain.

Image: This female sluagh looks even thinner and
spookier than most of her kith. She wears castoffs and
rags, torn into spidery tatters along her arms and hem,
giving her the appearance of a secondhand clothing
queen. Her short, black hair, cropped to near crewcut
length, seems almost out of place with her overall Hal-
loween chic. Her enormous eyes, dark pools of wide-open
pseudoinnocence, seem to take in everything. Around
her neck, in stark contrast to the poor clothing, Charity
wears an elaborately fashioned necklace. Made of spun
silver in the form of an intricate spider web, the necklace
cradles a stylized black jade spider in its center.

Roleplaying Hints: You make a business of being
invisible, unless you want someone to notice you. When
you need to, however, you can exude a high degree of
sensuality and personal charm. Although you respect the
power of words, your vocabulary consists of looks and
body language. Make the most of it.

Story Connection: If anyone knows anything about
the state of affairs in Concordia, it's Charity. Use her as
an information source to start off a chronicle or as a
person to fill in vital information should all else fail.
Characters may also find themselves in the position of
carrying messages between Charity and Vardayne—and
concealing their mission from both nobles and common-
ers.

Rozguc Redhelm

A product of urban Philadelphia's economic and
social woes, Roland Robards grew up on the streets,
learning his own form of freedom in the city known as the
birthplace of liberty. Left on his own, one of an un-
counted army of latchkey kids whose parents worked too
many hours for too little money, Roland gravitated
toward the inevitable street gang as a means of survival
and as a way to make a name for himself.

Inherently a tough, gutsy little kid, Roland—who
renamed himself Rotgut after winning a dare by eating a

mo
n
s

rat carcass—grew into a wiry, top-heavy teenager. His
bulging neck muscles and powerful shoulders served him
well in daily brawls, while his spring-wound legs could
carry him rapidly away from or toward a fight.

In a normal world, Roland would most likely have
ended up asa bullet sheath. Instead, a particularly bloody
gang fight sparked his Chrysalis. The rest of the battle
passed by in a furious rage of mindless, ravenous carnage.
Roland emerged as the sole survivor of the conflict, with
numerous bleeding wounds and a full stomach. He also
realized that he belonged to the carnivorous race of fae
known as redcaps.


Roland's explosive outpouring of Glamour attracted
the attention of a small oathcircle of local sidhe, young
Unseelie wilders from a number of houses who had
banded together in defiance of their elders. Seeing in the
fledgling redcap a grand opportunity to harness a killing
machine in his service, the group's leader, a hard-faced
Eiluned lordling named Gervarian, pronounced a geas
upon Roland, forcing him to submit his will to the whims
of his new masters. For five months, Roland embarked on
a frenzy of murderous assault at the behest of Gervarian
and his oathmates. Had he chosen his own victims,
Roland might have gloried in the terror he caused.
Instead, he grew to dread each day's spectacle as Gervarian
systematically worked his way through Philadelphia's
commoner population. Although his actions and will no
longer belonged to him, Roland's thoughts remained his
own, and daily they grew more murderous.

Atal

KX

"Gt

Finally, Roland saw his chance. When ordered to
cause the prolonged death of a cantankerous old nocker
who had once slighted one of Gervarian's oathmates,
Roland dutifully cornered the grump in his workshop-
freehold. In exchange for a relatively painless (though
still prolonged) death, the nocker agreed to help Roland
find a way out of his predicament.

SS)

Following his orders, Roland delivered the nocker's
mutilated body to Gervarian and his other tormentors.
Stepping back from the corpse to allow the sidhe a clear
view of his handiwork, Roland pulled a small device—
crafted by the nocker as a "going-away present" for those
who ordered his death—from his pocket and depressed
the remote detonator. The victim informed Roland just
before he died, "Pushing a button doesn't violate the
wording of your geas. You won't be killing them; I will."

Free at last in the city known for its part in the
American Revolution, Roland set about exacting even
more vengeance on the nobility. He moved from Phila-
delphia to Pittsburgh, where he founded the Urban
Renewal League, a blatantly Unseelie antinoble society
dedicated to violent revolution. He acquired a small

92 (ar in Concordia

arsenal of heavy weapons, stole combat attire from the
local Army-Navy store and geared up for a battle he felt
was coming. His instincts were good.

When the collapse of the Parliament of Dreams set
the stage for open war between nobles and commoners,
Roland—now known only by his fae moniker of Rotgut
Redhelm—saw the perfect opportunity to move the
Urban Renewal League into the front ranks of the war.
Refusing to remain in one place long enough to attract
the attention of the authorities, Rotgut and his army rely
on surprise raids and lightning strikes to get across their
message of terror.

Image: Rotgut decks himself out in a bizarre combi-
nation of medieval armor worn atop basic army gear,
including kevlar vest and military camo. Continuing his
century-spanning fashion statement, he carries both a
wicked-looking barbed sword and a nocker-crafted
weapon reminiscent of an M-16. In his midteens, this
battle-hardened redcap wears an expression of barely
suppressed rage. Stocky in build, with a muscular body
and a powerful stride, Rotgut wears a necklace of finger
bones taken from those he has defeated.

Roleplaying Hints: Your early experience at the
hands of the "noble" sidhe has taught you a very valuable
lesson. Show no mercy to those who have the power to
force you to your knees. Strike terror into the hearts of the
noblity wherever and whenever possible. Take no pris-
oners except to subject them toa period of prolonged and
intense agony culminating in their excruciating death.
Even the "innocent" childlings aren't—they, too, will
grow up one day unless you do something about it. You
save your loyalty and affection for the members of the
Urban Renewal League, who look up to you for leader-
ship. You won't do anything to let them down.

Story Connection: Rotgut has a fairly good grasp of
the social disarray in the Kingdom of Apples, primarily
because he has contributed to it in significant propor-
tions. Commoner characters may find Rotgut a good
source of information or armaments; sidhe characters
should avoid Rotgut like the plague. Storytellers may
want to use this violence-prone redcap to emphasize the


Sera
Ay
5
%.

brutality of fae warfare or to provide the troupe with a
tough, uncompromising antagonist.

Fenarius, che Honesc Liar

Fergus Shaughnessy grew up in South Boston in a
hotbed of Irish-American culture. As the youngest of
eight children, the red-haired baby of the family soon
learned to manipulate his brothers and sisters to get what
he wanted, usually by turning on his considerable charm
and regarding them with an impish grin. While the older
sons and daughters of the Shaughnessy family dreamed of
careers as police officers, priests, teachers, nuns or "pro-
fessional homemakers," Fergus wanted nothing more
than to have a good time—or, barring that, to run away
and join the circus.

Although his parents sometimes despaired of their
youngest child's tentative hold on reality, they had too
much on their minds to pay a lot of attention to the boy.
Trusting that he would turn out no worse than any other
of their brood, the Shaughnessys treated Fergus to indif-
ference or absent-minded affection. The child thrived.

When Fergus was ten, the circus did come to town,
and he played hooky to see the elephants march through
the streets of Southie. The sight was too much for the
irrepressible child and triggered his Chrysalis, sending
him out into the middle of the cordoned-off street where
one of the huge, gray giants nearly trampled him. A circus
attendant jerked the child out of the way and, recogniz-
ing the Glamour radiating from Fergus as the sign of a
new changeling's "birth," delivered the child into the
hands of the ringmaster, a satyr named Maxim the
Astounding.

were changelings or kinain and provided an ideal atmo-
sphere for a young pooka's coming of age.

For the next five years, Fenarius traveled throughout
New England and the Mid-Atlantic region, known in fae
circles as the Kingdom of Apples. Although he did not
have any great athletic skills, the fox pooka learned to
help with the animals, who seemed to enjoy his com-
pany, and gained some competence as a magician's
assistant and a sometime clown. He also conned the
redcap knife thrower into teaching him how to throw
knives. Fenarius's favorite gift, received upon his passage
from childling to wilder, consisted of a set of throwing

Once introduced to his true identity as a fox pooka,
Fergus never looked back. His ten-year-old mind knew
that his parents might miss him, but he also reasoned that
they had a bunch of other children and didn't really need
him underfoot. His fox form came in handy asa means of
concealing his presence from the authorities who launched
a half-hearted search for the missing child of a lower-
income South Boston factory worker. When the circus
left town a week later, Fergus, now known as Fenarius,
left with it. More than a third of the circus employees


knives, weighted and balanced specifically for him, and
a leather baldric slotted to hold the knives.

When news of the High King's disappearance reached
the circus, the changeling contingent thought little of
the event. They had spent their lives so far from change-
ling politics that they believed themselves immune to
political repercussions. They were wrong. First, they
found themselves objects of suspicion whenever they
crossed into a new duchy or county. The changeling
members of the circus received visits from local reeves
demanding tributes of dross necessary for them to per-
form in the vicinity of a freehold.

Eventually, restrictions on travel drove the change-
lings from the circus, since they could not pass openly
from one noble's territory into another without the
proper credentials. Faced with potential disaster, the
circus considered disbanding or setting up permanent
headquarters in rural New England. Fenarius, unwilling
to settle down but realizing that his life with the circus
and his youthful idyll had come to an end, decided to take
charge of his own future. Returning to Boston, he got in
touch with local commoner changelings and founded the
Commoners' Liberation Organization. Dedicated to ad-
vancing the commoner cause and "having a good time in
the process," the CLO orchestrated protests against the
nobility in the form of street theatre, impromptu poetry
slams, old-fashioned sit-ins, walkathons for freedom and,
finally, the now infamous Boston Harbor Revels.

Fenarius has developed a wide repertoire of useful
skills and talents, including but not limited to stealth,
subterfuge and performance. He has mastered the art of
knife throwing and can escape most bonds with ease. His
affinity for animals stands him in good stead when he is
faced with pursuit by faerie hounds or borrowing a faerie
steed for a desperate escape along a forbidden trod. He
has learned the Arts of Chicanery and Ledgerdemain and
hopes to improve his mastery of Wayfare and Primal.

Image: This male fox pooka has unruly, bushy, red
hairanda feral, foxy grin. Though his is only sixteen years
old, Fenarius carries himself with a brash confidence that
belies his youth. His hazel eyes display akeen intelligence
and an irrepressible sense of humor. Fenarius dresses in a
kilt. Across his bare chest he wears a baldric holding with

(ar in Concordia
0

Rea - ———

several throwing knives. His overall appearance conjures
up the image of a likeable rogue.

Roleplaying Hints: You have looks, you have charm.
What else is there besides a good throwing hand, a steady
eye andastreak of deviltry a mile wide? Up until recently,
you didn't care a fig for changeling politics. The circus
was your life and you loved it. Now, the nobles are
making things difficult for you and your friends—so
you'll just make things even more difficult for the nobles.
You'll pit your wits against theirs any day.

After all, who can outfox a fox? You find mere facts
boring to the extreme, so you adjust them to suit your
audience. Give people what they want to hear and they'll
come back for more.

Story Connection: Fenarius can provide characters
with connections to various commoner grassroots libera-
tion movements. He also has contacts with many circus
and ex-circus folks who might provide shelter for fugi-
tives from the wrath of the nobles. Storytellers can also
use Fenarius to get characters into or out of trouble with
astounding frequency. After all, he is a pooka, and his
idea of the truth might not be readily apparent to the
characters unless they are very good at catching him in
his particular version of factual dissembling.

Uordana, che Voice of Wincer

Rodina Shiras spent most of her life on the rocky
coast of Maine. The daughter of a lighthouse keeper in an
age that had no need for lighthouses, Rodina learned to
love the sea for its own sake and to hear the music of the
waves and the mournful, yearning cry of the gulls. A
modest student, Rodina elected to attend a community
college where she could remain close to her elderly
parents and her beloved ocean. Her mother died of a
stroke before Rodina completed her course of study; her
father followed her mother in death the next year. By the
time Rodina was twenty, she had nothing left in her life
except the ocean and its music.

Then the visions came. In 1969, as men walked on
the moon and the world rediscovered wonder, Rodina
felt the first stirrings within her of something she could
not explain. She experienced dreams that seemed to
come from somewhere outside her. She saw a host of men


and women on steeds of unearthly beauty and power
riding through dark, twisted landscapes toward an arch-
way limned in glowing colors. Sounds of battle and
screams of pain filled her ears as horrid creatures with
slavering jaws and burning eyes assaulted the fair riders.
She awoke trembling and fled to her favorite beach for
comfort.

There, beneath the stars, alone save for the crashing
waves, Rodina entered into her Chrysalis and emerged a
satyr and a seer. Several months passed before anyone
came to fetch Rodina, and when her mentor, an eshu
grump named Ibraim, finally arrived, Rodina refused to
leave her home. Thus, Rodina—now Yordana—learned
of fae society from a storyteller and a nomad. She also
learned from her visions.

Yordana and Ibraim became lovers, and Yordana
received an education in the art of love as well. Ibraim
introduced Yordana to the nearest noble, Baron
Guntherian ap Dougal, who graciously welcomed his

A

newest subject and granted her an ember from his own

Balefire to transform her lighthouse into a freehold.

Pod . Though she welcomed the knowledge that a society of

é \ others like her existed, Yordana preferred the company of

. sand and rock and sea. She and Ibraim returned to the
lighthouse and each other.

TSS

When Ibraim finally announced that he could no
longer remain with her but must answer the call of distant
lands, Yordana felt a part of her wither away. She knew,
however, that this feeling belonged to the cycle of years
that made up a lifetime. Her maidenhood had ended, and

= it was time to concentrate on other changes within her.
wa) > Seven months after Ibraim left, Yordana bore their
Y J } child, a tiny creature who already carried within her a
\ faerie soul; Yordana had seen her daughter's Chrysalis in
a dream.
AN The local midwives in the small Maine community
Y

—
,

near Yordana's freehold delivered her child, who grew
into a strong, willful creature who loved the ocean as
| much as her mother. When Siriana turned five, her
\ Chrysalis came upon her, revealing her as an eshu, like
} \ her father.

Chapzer Three: Children of War and Peace People

Yordana cherished her years with her daughter, know-
ing that eventually Siriana would feel the call of her kith
and take to the road. Dreams and visions continued to
come to her, however, and as the years passed, the images
Yordana received grew darker and more ominous. When
Siriana's urge to travel manifested itself, Yordana saw
that her daughter could serve as. a messenger, bearing her
prophecies to the rest of the changeling community.
Thus, satyr prophet and eshu messenger developed a
reputation for wisdom and prescience. In this way, Yordana
passed the summer of her life.

As she felt herself slipping from her wilder years into
the first intimations of age, Yordana sensed a change in
her nature. The well-tempered manners of the summer
court no longer drew heras the aches in her bones and the
fading of colors from her sight reminded her that her own
autumn and winter approached. As if in response to her
biorhythmic impulses, a trio of changelings, two sidhe
and a fellow satyr, appeared at the gateway of her free-
hold, asking for hospitality. After receiving permission
from Yordana to stay as her guests, the three introduced
themselves as members of the Shadow Court and told her
that their own visions had brought them to the light-
house.

Yordana's instincts told her to trust the visitors and,
at the end of their stay, she allowed them to induct her
into the Shadow Court, affirming her transition from
Seelie to Unseelie as well as her entry into her final stage
of fae existence, as a greybeard.

As her dreams came more frequently and brought
with them warnings of harsh winter, Yordana passed
from maid to mother to crone.

When the High King disappeared, Yordana's visions
seemed to explode within her, taking her during her
waking hours as well as while she slept (or tried to sleep).
Her body wasted to nothing; skin and muscle stretched
light, taut wires over angular bones. Her eyes burned with
urgency. Siriana came to the lighthouse, drawn by her
eshu birthright to her mother's side. As the words poured
forth from Yordana's lips, Siriana committed them to
memory and to parchment.

At last, the words stopped and Yordana had time to
reflect on what she had seen and prophesied. Though she
does not speak all of her thoughts aloud, Yordana has
already begun to mourn the death of the world.

Now fully into her greybeard years, Yordana has
complete mastery over the arts of Primal and Soothsay.
She has learned some Wayfare from her association with
the eshu in her life. Her social skills are adequate, but she
doesn't waste time with petty protocols. Despite her
aging body, she still moves gracefully. The years have not
detracted from her powerful speaking voice.

Image: This cronelike female satyr dresses in a style
reminiscent of ancient Greece. Though obviously old,
she carries herself with dignity. Her hair is peppered with
gray but held in intricate Greek fashion atop her head.
She wears a necklace of interlocked design centered by a
large, square-cut stone. Yordana's eyes are large and
intelligent, though surrounded by crow's feet and laugh
lines. Her mouth is generous. She gives the impression of
wisdom and maturity combined with a sexuality that
defies age.

Roleplaying Hints: You have learned to accept that
one day you will forget who you are. Like the world's
death in the deepest part of winter, so, too, shall your
spirit sleep within your body, awaiting a new quickening
in a different shell. Don't waste precious time with
falsities or courtesies. Say what you have to say, don't
soften the hard edges of your prophecies and, above all,
don't betray your visions. Winter is coming. Terrible
things haunt your dreams. Those who seek you out for
guidance must know the truth or disaster will follow.

Story Connection: Yordana isa Storyteller's dream.
She can serve as a story starter or as a midstory informa-
tion source. Storytellers who enjoy inserting prophecies
into their chronicles can have a field day with Yordana.
Be creative and use her as liberally as you see fit. She is a
nexus for the Dreaming and a great vehicle for pointing
an erring troupe in the direction it needs to go.

Niall Peacemaker

Niall only recently became aware of his fae nature
after receiving an infusion of Glamour from a satyr child
who subsequently died at the hands of a band of
commoner-hating sidhe. Though he is, himself, a mem-
ber of House Gwydion—a fact only lately revealed to
him—he has no hard knowledge of what his house
affiliation means. Unlike most sidhe, Niall lays claim no
title, has no freehold and owns neither weapons nor
armor.

Now that he has attuned himself to the fae world,
Niall has embarked on a journey of self-knowledge,
feeling that the need to regain his identity comprises the
first step toward keeping a promise made to a dead
childling. Niall has come to realize that the Kingdom of
Concordia has degenerated into a war zone. He has
dedicated himself to bringing about an end to the sense-
less conflict that rages all around him. Wandering through-
out the Kingdom of Apples, he delivers his message of
nonviolence and seeks to bring commoners and nobles
together.

Niall has not yet detected the extent of his abilities,
but each day brings a new discovery. His command of the
Sovereign Art has yet to find its limit, while he has
already proven his mastery of Primal. He excels in sword
fighting, though he avoids combat whenever possible,
seeking peaceful solutions first. He also has leadership
and social skills that come to the fore almost uncon-
sciously.

Image: This older sidhe appears somewhat the worse
for wear, as his face actually shows age lines and other
marks of weariness. Looking as though he is a wild man
just returned to civilization, Niall has long, tangled hair
of an indeterminate color that might once have been
either brown or blond but now is streaked with gray.
Unlike most sidhe males, he also has an unkempt beard
and moustache. Clearly a grump in his mid-forties, Niall
wears tattered finery—the ruins of what were once elabo-
rate court clothes. He carries a plain sword in a battered
scabbard. His face, despite its careworn lines, displays an
attitude of unmistakable nobility as well as deep compas-
sion. His eyes seem to look far away, as though trying to
remember something he forgot long ago. Though Niall
has emerged as one of the voices of reason, urging peace
and an end to a war that grows increasingly ugly, he does
not remember his own past.

Roleplaying Hints: You have the sick feeling that
you have neglected something very important and that
your negligence is connected to your true identity. Some-
how you must discover who you are, for in that lies the
key to accomplishing a vital task. Your travels have
already taught you small things, reminding you of skills
you didn't realize you possessed. You need to find more
pieces to the puzzle of your life. In the meantime, you also
need to do what you can to divert as many changelings as
possible from the course of war to the path of peace. You
named yourself "peacemaker" for a reason, and that is the
one thing you can't forget.

Story Connection: Niall Peacemaker has a part to
play in the future of Concordia, just as he has had a part
in its past, though he does not remember it. Storytellers
should use him as a figure of inspiration while retaining
the mystery of his past.


Danwyn ap Guiydion

Danwyn ap Gwydion's earliest memory has to do
with a blinding light, swiftly followed by agonizing pain
and a desperate need to clothe himself in something
solid. As luck or fate or Dan would have it, Danwyn found
a likely host for his newly arrived fae spirit in the form of
ayoung distance runner whose daily exercise run through
Boston's Public Garden carried him past at just the right
moment. Without a hitch, Danwyn slipped inside the
runner's formand sent his host's mortal soul back through
the swiftly closing trod.

Sifting through the residual memories of his new
body, Danwyn realized that his mortal host, Daniel
Faring, had many advantages and only a few disadvan-
tages. As a rising track and field star who just missed the
2000 Olympics, Daniel had cut most of his family ties and
now focused on the next meet, the next competition.
Moreover, Faring had attained a level of financial inde-
pendence that meant that he did not need to tie himself
down to a job. This suited Danwyn, since traveling
throughout his new environment and learning how to
survive in both the fae and mortal worlds occupied the
top spot on his agenda.

XX,
LoD

His initial meeting with Rowena ni Scathach, just
moments after he had taken possession of his mortal
body, gave Danwyn some tantalizing hints about the
state of affairs in this place called Concordia.

All he could remember from his previous life in
Arcadia was that he had come to this wretched realm to
seek his rightful crown—whatever that meant. Rowena's
news that Concordia currently lacks a king seemed to
beckon to him with a certainty that could come only
from the Dreaming itself.

Now Danwyn travels throughout the Kingdom of
Apples, visiting freeholds and talking with commoners
and nobles alike. Wherever he goes, he acquires follow-
ers, as many who listen to him find themselves compelled
to swear fealty to the handsome, charismatic young
leader who seems chosen by the Dreaming to be the next
High King.

War in Concordia

Bruce
KE RPS 22 a for me

ocr

Image: In both his human and fae forms, Danwyn
stands well over 6 feet and has a slim, muscular build. His
runner's body has both strength and endurance in addi-
tion to physical grace. Danwyn's voile announces his
affiliation with House Gwydion. Though his style of
courtly clothing seems ancient even by fae standards, he
carries himself with an unconscious air of command that
makes others around him seem shabby in comparison.
His face exhibits the ideal of the Gwydion knight—
strong chin and high, prominent cheekbones frame a
generous mouth. His dark brown eyes communicate
sincerity and truthfulness. He wears his dark brown,
shoulder-length hair tied at the back of the neck.

Roleplaying Hints: The Dreaming brought you here
to this hellish place of harsh colors, loud noises and
reeking odors fora purpose, and you must find out quickly
what that purpose is. You have a natural instinct for
leadership, and the people you have encountered seem to
have a desperate need for that. You don't remember who
you were in Arcadia except for your name, but you have
a feeling that your closest kin have preceded you to this
terrible land. The thought of discovering their identity
fills you with fear as well as anticipation, as though some
dire fate will be fulfilled when you discover who you
really are.

Story Connection: For now, Danwyn's role in the
future of fae society remains shrouded in the Mists.
Storytellers should use him as a mysterious figure, an
enigmatic and powerful leader who has come out of
nowhere to add a new twist to Concordian politics. More
on Danwyn's identity will emerge in future supplements.


Old Scories

The story of David Ardry's disappearance and Sir
Seif's search for the missing king began in Kingdom of
Willows. Since that time, the principle characters have
grown and changed, marked by their experiences and
thrust into new roles by the collapse of fae society in
Concordia. More complete descriptions of many of these
characters appear in earlier books, but Storytellers and
players may find the information presented here useful in
bringing these individuals up to date. Of course, events in
your own chronicles may have instituted vastly different
changes than the ones detailed below. Don't feel obliged
to accept everything as written. As usual, your game is in
your hands.

Queen Faerilych, High Queen in
Exile

Since the disappearance of her husband in June
1998, Faerilyth has assumed the title of High Queen of
Concordia and has conducted her affairs as if she expects
David's imminent return. This situation has gone on for
so long, however, that even Faerilyth's faith in David's
ability to overcome whatever ills have claimed him wears
thin. Once the pampered ward of King Meilge, who
groomed the young Eiluned for greatness before sending
her to the court of David Ardry, Faerilyth has blossomed
into a charismatic and personable leader. Though she
lacks the absolute conviction and strong presence of her
husband, Faerilyth uses her natural charm and gracious-
ness to win over even the most recalcitrant opponents.

Contrary to the wishes of King Meilge, who hoped
that his ward would remain under his protection during
her "difficulties," Faerilyth insisted on completing the
grand tour of Concordia originally planned by David to
introduce the High Queen to her subjects. In the com-
pany of chaperones Duke Firedrake and Duchess Igrania,
Faerilyth and Sir Lleau Ardwyad, Queen's Champion,
traveled to each of the kingdoms of Concordia. While
she did not receive the overwhelming acceptance she
had hoped—and David's presence would have assured—
Faerilyth nevertheless managed to keep alive in the
hearts and minds of many of Concordia's changelings the
belief that the High King would return. At every freehold

she visited, Faerilyth delivered the same message: So long
as she lived, Concordia had a ruler who would keep
David's vision alive.

Although she has completed the grand tour, Faerilyth
has received warnings not to return to the Kingdom of
Apples, where Queen Mab, Lady Morwen and Princess
Lenore all have strong supporters who do not hold
Faerilyth in the same esteem as they did her husband.
Though still reluctant to cast herself upon the kindness
of her former guardian, King Meilge, Faerilyth has re-
turned to the Kingdom of Willows, where she now resides
(at least temporarily) with Duchess Igrania. Sir Lleu
remains her constant protector and closest friend. While
many feel their relationship has crossed the boundaries of
friendship, no one has, as yet, any proof of impropriety.

Image: Faerilyth's beauty exemplifies the dark at-
tractiveness associated with House Eiluned. Waist-length
black hair and dark violet eyes produce an unforgettable
first impression on her subjects. As slender as a willow
and as graceful as a deer, Faerilyth dresses in deep blues
and violets, though lately she has taken to wearing blacks
and grays, as if in mourning for her husband. Her eyes
have grown even darker with sorrow, and she rarely
smiles except when in public.

Roleplaying Hints: You would sacrifice your faerie
soul and your connection to the Dreaming itself to have
David Ardry back in your life. He has never left your
heart, though you feel your connection to him dwindle to
a barely perceptible sensation of emptiness that, never-
theless, is better than no sensation at all. The political
disorder caused by his absence appalls you, and you regret
that you cannot hold together the vision your husband
created single handedly a quarter of a century ago.

Still, so long as you can rally David's true supporters
to keep alive their hope, you believe that one day the
Dreaming will answer the unspoken ache in your heart.
Lleu's companionship has proven invaluable, both be-
cause he reminds you of David and because he so obvi-
ously respects you. You have steeled yourself against the
danger of responding to his devotion in an unseemly
fashion, but as the days pass with no news of David's
return, you wonder if he might, in truth, be irretrievably
gone.


IES

tS
Sy
eS
A
|

2]

School your emotions, your actions and your words
with the harshest discipline you can muster. Never
believe for a moment that you have the luxury of a
"private" moment. All of Concordia watches your every
move.

Story Connection: Faerilyth heads one of the major
factions in the fight for the throne. Although she does
not want tosee blood spilled over the succession, she does
believe that none of the other contenders has the ability
tokeep alive David Ardry's vision of Concordia. Charac-
ters may become involved with Faerilyth as members of
agroup that supports her or as members of the opposition.
Commoner characters may have mixed feelings about
the Eiluned noblewoman, or they may simply write her
off as just another of the arrogant sidhe oppressors.
Faerilyth continues to keep up her contacts with the
Cat's Cradle through Duchess Igrania, even though it
puts her in an awkward position regarding fellow member

Queen Mab.

Sir Lleu Arduyad,

‘the Forswiorn Knighc'

The High King's cousin has served David Ardry
faithfully since his arrival in Tara-Nar from the Kingdom
of Grass. A member of the Red Branch, Lleu dedicated
himself to the protection of the High King, receiving the
privileged and well-deserved title of King's Champion.
Sharp-eyed courtiers of Tara-Nar, however, noted the
looks and glances that passed between Lleu and Faerilyth
since their meeting at David's court. Gossip and rumor
led to speculation that the High Queen and the King's
Champion had gone beyond the boundaries of courtly
love into the uncharted country of infidelity.

While no facts give substance to the rumor, the
beliefs of others weigh heavily on Gwydion's "perfect
knight." Lleu does, in fact, love Faerilyth and, had David
not claimed her heart, he certainly would have sought
permission from her guardian, King Meilge, to court her.

Lleu blames himself for the High King's disappear-
ance, firmly believing that if he had watched his cousin
more closely and had not allowed his emotions for
Faerilyth to distract him, disaster would not have be-
fallen David. He feels that the Dreaming punished him
for his failure by placing Caliburn into the hands of a

(ar in Concordia

Ka = — go ee

mere storyteller, whose recent elevation to knighthood
does not erase his commoner birth. Designated as Queen's
Champion, Lleu had the agonizingly sweet task of pro-
tecting his cousin's wife (and his own unrequited love) as
Faerilyth completed the grand tour of Concordia.

Now ensconced with Faerilyth in the Deep South
under the protection of Duchess Igrania and Duke
Firedrake, Lleu finds himself drawn even deeper into his
moral quandary.

Image: Touted by many as the "perfect" knight, Lleu
stands tall and proud, with dark brown hair, green eyes
anda trim yet muscular build. He dresses in fine clothing,
usually with some mark of his house prominently dis-
played, yet never appears overdressed or inappropriately
attired. He moves with the gracefulness of a trained
fighter, each action studied and economical, with no
wasted motion.

Roleplaying Hints: Anyone who wants to get to
Faerilyth, for any reason whatsoever, has to go through
Lleu Ardwyad first. Protective to a fault, arrogant and
rude as only a Gwydion lord can be while still retaining
the high standards of courtesy and chivalry of a knight
without peer, you treat everyone around you with ex-
treme propriety and a good dose of suspicion. After all,
your cousin the High King disappeared from the midst of
a group of loyal subjects.

Every day you wish fervently for the reappearance of
David Ardry; every evening, you admit your relief that
another day has passed without your wish's fulfillment.
Your life has become a continual struggle between heart
and head, love and duty, honor and passion. Faerilyth
confides in you, sharing with you in private her heart-
aches and the unspoken torment she endures as she waits
in vain for word that her lord has returned. If anything,
your devotion to her has grown stronger and purer, even
as her own love for her husband has deepened in his
absence.

You keep track of the swiftly deteriorating politics of
Concordia, and you know that it is only a matter of time
before the war already raging in the Kingdom of Apples
spreads to the more remote regions of the realm. Here in
the southernmost part of the Kingdom of Willows, you
have received a reprieve from the strife, but the storm
clouds already crest the horizon. You have made secret

preparations to flee across the ocean with Faerilyth, if
necessary, to keep her out of the hands of those who
might harm her—and that group seems, on some days, to
encompass most of Concordia's nobility.

Story Connection: Sir Lleu serves as Faerilyth's
champion and strongest supporter. Characters who wish
to devote themselves to the High Queen's cause must
first gain the approval of Sir Lleu to gain an audience with
Faerilyth. Storytellers can use Lleu to kick off their
chronicles, since he seeks information about the progress
of the other contenders for the throne—knowledge that
he cannot acquire himself without leaving Faerilyth's
side.

Sir Seif, Sworddcarer

Since Caliburn chose this young eshu storyteller as
its chosen "bearer" and as the one meant to undertake the
quest to find the High King, Sir Seif has undergone a
change of mammoth proportions. As a storyteller
attached to King Meilge's court, Seif learned to subordi-
nate himself to the stories he told. Modest and self-
effacing, Seif rarely called attention to himself, content
to let his stories take center stage. Now that he has
embarked on the greatest quest in the history of Concordia,
Seif finds himself a central character in a story for the
ages.

Seif's quest has taken him far from the Kingdom of
Willows. In the two years since David Ardry's disappear-
ance, he has made his own "grand tour" of Concordia.
Despite his efforts, however, the object of his search
eludes him. Knowing that his kith's birthright should
enable him to succeed eventually in locating the High
King, Seif can only believe that the Dreaming has some
reason for insisting on such a circuitous route to his goal.

As war breaks out in Concordia, drawing lines in the
sand between commonersand nobles, Seelie and Unseelie,
monarchists and anarchists, Seif comes to the realization
that his quest has a greater purpose. As Seif carries
Caliburn throughout the kingdoms of Concordia, both
he and the sword symbolize the power of the Dreaming.

The eshu storyteller has matured, growing into an ac-
complished traveler and a courageous swordbearer.
Wherever he goes, he tells the story of the king who
worked for justice and fairness. In every freehold where
he has taken shelter, Seif's stories have strengthened the
Balefire and given hope to changelings of all kith.

Recently, however, Seif has heard the call of distant
realms and has come to the realization that his search
may take him away from Concordia. He believes that this
urge to travel beyond Concordia's borders means that
either David Ardry has left Concordia or that something
necessary to his quest lies elsewhere in the world.

Image: Compact in build, Seif appears younger than
hisactual years. His deep brown skin and curly, black hair
darken in his fae mien, but his huge eyes remain a
consistent feature in both human and fae forms. Seif
's in armor and clothing that more closely resemble
the garb of warriors of Northern Africa than medieval
models. He wears Caliburn in a scabbard strapped to his
back, refusing to draw the blade which, he maintains,
does not belong to him.

dress

Roleplaying Hints: Caliburn chose you two years
ago to lead the search for the High King. Since then, you
have given up everything in service to the great treasure.
You have received much in return, however, since you
have grown in wisdom and experience as you have
traveled to every corner of Concordia. Lately, you have
felt the need to travel across the ocean. Your kith has its
origins in the dreams of Africa, and you believe that
somewhere in those lands you might find something key
to the future of Concordia, the High King and all the fae.
What that thing is, you do not know, but you trust in the
Dreaming to lead you to your proper destination.

Story Connection: Seif abhors the conflict that has
arisen because of David's disappearance, yet he does not
feel drawn to take sides. His loyalty lies with Caliburn
and, through that treasure, the Dreaming itself. Story-
tellers may wish to use Seif asa resource in their chronicles

or as a means of starting a story—with a storyteller.

w%

x
L}
A

D2

ate:

7

NS
RRR

AEA

NA
My
NS

\

4

nl
S27

‘Ke
ib

CDorwen, Sister of Sorrow

David's sister has always supported her brother loy-
ally, fiercely and without questions. Despite their differ-
ences in philosophies, she has defended David against all
detractors. Although Morwen does notshare her brother's
fondness for commoners or his unerring sense of fair play,
she recognizes that the Dreaming has chosen David to
tule; his ideas, therefore, must have the Dreaming's
approval.

Her support of David, however, does not extend to
his choice of wife. From the moment she set eyes on
Faerilyth, Morwen felt a surge of jealousy that she has
been unable to withstand. In Arcadia, Morwen and
David had been lovers; here, in the mortal realm, they
returned as brother and sister, bound to suppress their
passion for one another and to content themselves with
sibling affection. In truth, Morwen resents having to
share David with anyone.

Morwen blames Faerilyth for David's disappearance
and has urged the Red Branch knights sworn to David to
seek out her brother's wife for questioning. At first, she
backed Princess Lenore's claim to the throne as David's
heir. Of late, however, Morwen has come to believe that
Lenore does not yet have the savvy to rule Concordia.
Many nobles, particularly those who feel that David gave
too many rights to the commoners, have urged Morwen
to declare herself Queen of Concordia, at least until her
brother returns. Others insist that Morwen should honor
her brother's intentions and rule as Regent until Lenore
can demonstrate her fitness to rule.

Recently, Morwen has entertained visits by Duke
Dray. Whether she is considering forming an alliance
with the ultraconservative noble (and fellow house mem-
ber) or trying to keep the outspoken duke from leading
his own "nobles first" crusade, no one knows for certain.
Rumors, however, insist that politics make strange bed-
fellows.

War in Concordia

Image: Morwen exhibits a wild beauty that comple-
ments her brother's solid good looks. With her luxurious,
honey brown hair and large, hazel eyes, Morwen could
attract anyone in Concordia, but she carries herself with
an aloofness that belies her fiery inner nature. Her
protectiveness toward David and the dream of Concordia
shows in her actions and in her coiled movements.
Lately, Morwen has taken to attiring herself in battle-
ready garments—just in case she needs to defend herself,
her honor or what's left of her brother's kingdom.

Roleplaying Hints: Since you and David arrived in
the mortal world, you have contented yourself with
acting as your brother's second-in-command. You have
supported David from the first day of his kingship and you
support him now, even though he has vanished into thin
air. You don't, however, support the usurper who calls
herself High Queen. You would back the Princess Lenore,
who David acclaimed years ago as his heir, but you feel
that the teenage princess does not yet have the inner
strength to take charge of a land so wracked by distur-
bances. You know that you can rule with a firm hand,
dispensing the same justice and fairness that the High
King so ably dealt to his subjects without coddling the
commoners at the expense of the nobility. You entertain
any and all who have advice for you, but you keep your
own counsel. If you should prevail as the next ruler of
Concordia, you will allow no one—lord or lady—to
dictate your course of action. Until the Dreaming makes
it clear to you that you should take the throne, however,
you steadfastly refuse to declare yourself as more than
David's seneschal.

Story Connection: Morwen isa tragic figure in many
ways. Cheated of her passion for David by the fickleness
of the Dreaming, she has had to keep her feelings for him
in check. Now she finds herself in the unenviable posi-
tion of trying to hold together a land that does not want
to remain united while all around her others scramble to
prove that they are the most fit to rule. Storytellers can
use Morwen as a background figure in their chronicles or
as a patron of the characters.


Princess Lenore,
che Adandoned Heir

Since her appointment as David's heir, Princess
Lenore has come to symbolize not only the hopes and
dreams of House Dougal but also the close relationship
between her house and House Gwydion. Lenore has
recently passed her Torgail Ainn celebration and offi-
cially entered her wilder years. To many, this change
marks her "majority" and means that she has earned the
right to rule without a regent to act in her stead.

Lenore, herself, has mixed feelings about her role in
Concordian politics. The orderly, sheltered life she has
led in Tara-Nar, under the watchful eyes of her tutors, has
come toa disordered and abrupt end. Her beloved guard-
ian, David Ardry, has disappeared. David's sister Morwen,
who Lenore had come to know and respect as a mother,
now draws away from her and treats her with coolness
and suspicion. Only Queen Mab seems to genuinely want
what is best for the young heir to Concordia's throne.
Because of the pressures at Tara-Nar and the growing
tension between Lenore and Morwen, Queen Mab inter-
vened on Lenore's behalf and offered hera home with her
in Caer Palisades.

Lenore now finds herself in another double bind.
Many courtiers from Tara-Nar followed Lenore to her
new home-away-from-home, hoping to gain the good
graces of the "next High Queen." These supporters of
Lenore, many of them knights thought to belong to the
Red Branch, form a protective contingent around the
Dougal princess.

Queen Mab, however, also has a group of nobles who
believe that she should rule Concordia or act as Regent
for Lenore. Quarrels between the rival factions have
grown more frequent, and Lenore often finds herself
forced to assert her authority to avert open hostilities.

She has almost reached a decision to leave Queen
Mab's protection and strike out on her own.

Image: Definitely a wilder, Lenore exhibitsa strange,
pale beauty that takes familiarity to appreciate fully. Her
Dougal flaw exhibits itself in her lack of hearing in one
ear. She has learned to compensate for her partial deaf-
ness through lip reading, although she has also developed
the habit of cocking her head so as to place her good ear
toward anyone who speaks to her for any length of time.
Of late, since her emergence as a contender for the
throne, Lenore has taken to focusing more attention on
her appearance, prompted, no doubt, by her guardian in
David's absence, Queen Mab.

Roleplaying Hints: You knew that one day you
would inherit the throne of Concordia. You have pre-
pared all your life—or at least since David Ardry named
you his heir—for the time when you would rule. You did
not expect that time to come so soon.

You miss David. You were beginning to get to know
his wife Faerilyth, but you can't exactly say that you miss
her; you didn't get the chance to know her well enough
to form an attachment to her. You wish that Morwen
didn't turn away from you. Most of all, you want the old
days to return and the fighting to stop. Queen Mab has
taken you away from your home to keep you safe from
harm, but you don't think that you can be safe anywhere
so longas there are so many rivals to the throne. Youneed
to do something soon, but you don't know what that
something is. Sometimes it all seemsso hopelessly muddled
you just feel like riding the carousel in Caer Palisades
around and around, waiting for the golden ring to appear.
You hope the Dreaming will send you some sign that will
give you a clue as to what your next move should be.

Story Connection: If Lenore decides to leave the
protection of Queen Mab, she will need a group of
protectors, particularly if she leaves without the knowl-
edge of the knights sworn to her service. The characters
might find themselves drafted into the role of Lenore's
companions. On the other hand, they might be quested
by a frantic Queen Mab to find the runaway heir. If
Lenore chooses to remain with Queen Mab, she will still
need friends and guardians, since she represents a threat
to the other factions.


tS

v
4

SY RY

CR
AR

Queen CDad,

Ruler of che Kingdom of Apples

Queen Mab was one of the first to acknowledge
David Ardry as High King and swear fealty to him. Since
David's creation of Concordia, Mab has supported his
cause to the best of her ability, ceding to him the lands
where David built Tara-Nar and providing him with her
wise counsel. Her Fiona passion has tempered with age,
but she still evokes a tremendous amount of emotion
when she latches onto a cause.

Most of the fae do not realize how much David Ardry
owes to Queen Mab. She has long espoused many of the
same ideas that the High King used as the basis for his
dream of Concordia. Her enlightened rulership and
visionary leadership has made her beloved by common-
ers as well as nobles. She inspires trust in all her sub-
jects—Seelie and Unseelie alike.

As a member of the Cat's Cradle, Mab has made
contacts with Seelie and Unseelie noblewomen through-
out Concordia. Her firm conviction that only an alliance
of all the fae can forestall the worst ravages of the coming
Winter lends power to her actions.

After the disappearance of the High King, Mab made
an astute assessment of the political situation and real-
ized that the Princess Lenore occupied the most vulner-
able position of those close to the High King. Fearing that
Morwen might resent handing over the rulership of
Concordia to a mere girlchild, Mab approached Lenore
with the intention of offering her an alternative to
remaining in Tara-Nar. Princess Lenore accepted Mab's
offer, impressing the Queen of Apples with her mature
grasp of her own situation.

Unfortunately, some of Mab's own supporters have
urged her to press her own candidacy for the throne,
arguing that Mab's experience and age make her the best

of all possible rulers. The outbreak of war has changed
Mab's outlook. She now wonders whether those who
urge her to take Concordia in hand might not be right.

Image: Queen Mab represents the quintessential
"grand dame" of the fae world. She has an ageless beauty
that could never be mistaken for youth. Though her face
bears faint lines of age, her deep blue eyes gleam with
wisdom and humor. When not attired in court finery,
Mab dresses simply, as befits a woman of her age and
character. She moves with grace and dignity and never
appears out of place—ever.

Roleplaying Hints: The thought that Concordia
could not outlive David Ardry saddens you. You have
spent the last three decades striving for excellence as a
ruler and conducting your affairs so as to encourage the
best qualities of all your subjects. Now you see all you
worked for crumbling under the weight of civil war and
outright revolution. You must do something, since no
one else seems of a mind to take decisive action. You
would love to place Lenore on the throne, but you fear
that she might not be able to do the job. If only David
Ardry had waited another few years before disappearing.
Perhaps you should attempt to claim the throne and take
charge for a few years, abdicating in favor of Lenore when
she has developed more political acumen. Whatever you
decide, however, you must act soon or all will be lost.

Story Connection: Queen Mab may well be the
pivotal figure in the rivalry for the throne of Concordia.
As Queen of Apples, she has the fealty of all the nobles
inher realm and can command them, provided they have
not openly broken faith with her. She currently shelters
Princess Lenore and, therefore, has the heir to the throne
of Concordia within her sphere of influence. As a mem-
ber of the Cat's Cradle, she has an even larger agenda. All
of these facts provide Storytellers with many ways to
work Mab into their chronicle.

SS


if
a

Two soldiers fighting in a trench

One soldier glances up to see the sun

And dreams of games he played when he was young
And then his friend calls out his name

It stops his dream and as he turns his head

A second later he is dead.

—The Kinks, Some Mother's Son

CUarFare in che Car of
Dreams

You can't have a war without some combat. Hence
our section on the finer (?) art of battle among change-
lings. We start with the big picture to get a sense of the
scale involved.

CDass Combdaz: The Big Piccure
Unless you play in a "high incidence" setting, one
where changelings and other supernatural creatures are
literally crawling out of the woodwork, your mass battles
are unlikely to involve more than twenty to fifty people.
With that in mind, both the Storyteller and the players
can probably visualize scenes fairly easily. Whatever
configuration the battle takes—a mass melee in midfield,
afrontal assault ona castle, the clash of airborne fighting

ships or the long-range artillery fire from nocker-
constructed war tanks—there aren't so many units in-
volved that the characters (and their players) lose track
of where friendly troops are. In this case, it's a fairly
straightforward matter for Storytellers to portray the
overall picture and the characters' place in it. When
there are only thirty people fighting and five of them are
the characters, they have a major impact on the outcome
of the battle.

It's not so simple when there are a thousand combat-
ants on each side, dozens of war machines, chimerical
troops and cantrip effects whizzing all over the battle-
field. Nobody can keep track of all that, even with the aid
of miniatures and a battle map (though these tools help
in depicting a general overview). Furthermore, it takes
the Storyteller a lot longer to plan such a battle and find
significant things for the characters to do in the combat.

107

Chapcer Four: BaccleField Dreams

SE)

Sot

SS
SSA

OR)

RRR

f

SA


Among so many combatants, the characters' actions are
practically insignificant unless they are assigned (or
assign themselves) a specific action cleverly designed to
win the day.

Jusc Anocher Joe

While Storytellers usually want to make the charac-
ters the center of the action, using them as "grunts," or
normal troops, in a huge melee isn't necessarily a bad
thing—once.

Rather than providing the characters with a special
role, send them into the thick of the battle. Chances are,
since they are player characters, they are stronger, are
better equipped and have more magic than any Story-
teller character, and thus have a greater chance to
survive. Nonetheless, real battle isn't choreographed. It's
a confused mess in which every combatant must do his
utmost to get the enemy before the enemy gets him.
Nobody watches your back, and you don't have the
luxury of a polite combat in which everyone stands in his
own line and pokes at the other guy. Foes are all around
you, and a death blow can come from anywhere, even
friendly troops. If you're too slow or too unlucky or just
out of place at the wrong time, you end up dead. No
second chances. And that's one of the worst parts of this
war: Many of the changelings involved aren't handing
out chimerical damage; they're going for the kill, and
some of themare wielding cold iron. If the Storyteller can
lead the players to feel that their characters may really die
out there, the drama is certainly heightened, and sud-
denly this whole war becomes much more real, intense,
personal and frightening. If they come out of it with no
worse than a good scare and some troubling memories,
they're lucky.

Focused Descripzion

Still, the players need some sort of understanding of
what's happening around them for the battle to have any
meaning for them. That's why doing cinematic scene
descriptions interspersed with cut-to scenes is a must.
Description is the key word and shouldn't be limited to
visual images. Nor should descriptions beat around the
bush. War is ugly. Death in war is brutal. Don't let your
players glorify it. Tell it straight and be specific. On the
other hand, excessive gore is just that—excessive. The
following examples may help clarify what we mean by
cinematic descriptive scenes.

Example A: You see the signal from your side's
general. You're in a big field full of changelings of all

(ar in Concordia

types. Your side runs forward to engage the enemy, and
you're in the middle of a huge battle.

Not very interesting! Not very informative, either.

Example B: Dawn breaks, its rose-yellow light stream-
ing over the land. Looking out from the woods, you can
see the alfalfa field where battle will soon be joined. The
scent of rotting hay your way on the chill breeze. General
Firestorm waves a flag stained red by the blood of his
murdered children. It's the signal to advance. Running
forward, you see the enemy charging out from its own
cover. Battle cries roar out. Already the smell of blood
taints the air. Blaring horns compete with the thunder of
horses' hooves and the clang of sword and axe. Beside you
an eshu goes down, his throat pierced by a long arrow.
The fletching quivers as his blood pumps out over the
deadly shaft. The tang of his blood mixes with the sick-
sweet smell of vomit as another soldier falls, his arm
lopped off at the elbow. Gunfire's staccato rhythm serves
as a backdrop to the screams of horses and the roar of
battle machines. Squirming masses of struggling figures
surround you, bumping into you, slashing wildly. Screams
fill the air as steel, or iron, meets flesh.

Example B is admittedly longer and takes more time
to describe, but its specific imagery evokes a far more
gripping scene than example A ever could. It places the
character right in the midst of the battle and tells her
what she can see, hear, smell and feel. It doesn't give her
a good sense of whether her side is winning or losing, nor
does it hint about what other units are up to, because she
could not experience that from where she is. The descrip-
tion also does not tell her what she thinks about it all (no
"you're startled when" or "you feel terrified by" type
comments, which understandably annoy players, since
they like to decide for themselves how they feel and how
their characters react).

Curc-To Scenes

So how do you get the big picture in? Simple. That's
where a cut-to scene works. A good cut-to scene estab-
lishes something going on that the characters cannot
witness and don't usually know. The Storyteller presents
the cut-to as a scene that sets mood or heightens enjoy-
ment, explaining that the characters cannot interact
with it and that although the players know of it, the
characters do not. The characters may find out about it
later or may even reach a spot where they might interact
with it (or with something that happened because of it or
someone involved in it). As an illustration, let's look
again at example B. At one point in the description, the


Storyteller speaks of blaring horns. Though the charac-
ters hear them, they don't know who is sounding the
horns, nor do they know why unless it's a prearranged
signal for their side. For this purpose, let's say the horns
are not a prearranged signal, at least not for the charac-
ters' side. So, in the descriptive scene, the characters hear
horns. How much more significance would that have if
the Storyteller had run the following cut-to scene before
the battle sequence?

Cut-to: Galloping from the east, the sun's brilliant
rays sparkling on their glittering helms and polished
shields, the sidhe knights race toward the battlefield.
Faerie steeds toss their manes, moving with grace and
precision to form a deadly battle line facing the com-
moner army. Golden horns are lifted, and a clarion call
rings out across the field as the Shining Host lifts needle-
sharp lances and, as one, thunders down upon the waiting
commoners.

By going back and forth, from cut-to scenes to
individual descriptive scenes, the Storyteller can person-
alize the immediate scene for the characters while also
giving the players a sense of the overall view. Though
focused on the character, such descriptive scenes are not
personal combats. Those focus in even more tightly on
the characters' actions (rather than their perceptions).

Dass Combat:

Planning and Execucion

If either the Storyteller, the players or both enjoy
planning strategies or believe they are necessary to really
determine how a battle will go, there are several ways to
go about it. The easiest method is to simply have the
players tell the Storyteller what actions their characters
are trying to accomplish, making a few rolls to ascertain
success or failure and determine the outcome. If you're a
die-hard strategist, however, such a quick resolution—
and one so dependent on the luck of the dice—may not
satisfy you. While the following isn't a complete and
comprehensive guide to all the ways to run a battle, it is
intended as a helpful reminder of some of the options
when portraying mass combats.

Baccle Opzions

It always helps to pinpoint exactly what sort of battle
you're talking about. A wild free-for-all calls forth a
mindset quite different from a formal meeting between
two opposing armies. Herewith, we look at a few types:

© Old-fashioned: Old-fashioned, honorable battles
pit one side against the other with fairly standard forma-

SS

tions and rules of engagement. Some armies may even
have representatives meet before the actual combat to
discuss what rules will apply during the battle. They
might, for example, decide that only chimerical damage
is acceptable or that mounted troops may engage only
other mounted troops. Some might stipulate that knights
must fight only other combatants who equal their rank
rather than attacking commoners or lesser-armed foes.
Arrangements for taking prisoners and ransom and treat-
ment of those captured are usually worked out before-
hand. Some of these types of battle even spell out how
many losses a side can take before being declared the
loser. Highly chivalrous, old-fashioned battles are rare,
especially in the War of Dreams. Too many of the
combatants feel too strongly about the issues. They want
to bash heads and see blood, not win an oh-so-civilized
dance of attrition.

© Strategic Assault: Whether used to attack a forti-
fied position or to outline a likely plan for a battle in the
field, strategic assaults call for the leaders to know several
details. What are their troops' strengths? Where will
those troops be placed? What terrain features might
make a difference in the battle? Will any of their forces
be held in reserve or used as surprise attackers? Such
decisions are best made when the strategist knows some-
thing about the foes the army is facing and what their
plans are likely to be. If your troupe likes such detailed
planning, it can benefit from the simple mass combat
rules outlined below.

The rules actually work best when used with this type
of battle plan. Battle mats and miniatures or counters
indicating troops strengths also work well with strategy.

One particularly interesting twist on the strategic
assault when using battle mats is to layer them. Place a
larger, solid mat underneath a transparent one. On the
solid mat, mark in the terrain features of the area's
Dreaming anda trod entering it. On the transparent mat,
mark in the real-world features and the location of the
portal for the trod. This allows the troupe to move from
Autumn World to Dreaming when planning or execut-
ing its strategies. Imagine the foes' surprise when your
reserve troops suddenly emerge from the Dreaming to
overwhelm them! Imagine fighting desperately against a
strong opponent, then suddenly finding you've both
stepped into the Dreaming. Without warning, chimeri-
cal damage abruptly becomes all too real. And what
happens if you accidentally step off the trod?

* Mass Melee: Sometimes referred to as a confused
scramble or every Kithain for himself, mass melee pits foe

109

Chapzer Four: BaccleField Dreams

ral

7

against foe with no ruling plan except beating the crap
out of the other guy and surviving the fight. If your troupe
likes wild and wooly free-for-alls, this is the style for you.
Some players and Storytellers may be content to utilize
cut-to scenes and focused descriptions, but for the die-
hard strategist, we herewith present rules for mass com-
bat.

(Dass Combaz Rules

Why provide intricate combat rules for a game that
prides itself on roleplaying? Well, better we confuse and
bamboozle you with unworkable, unwieldy and arbitrary
"rules" calling for a degree in mathematics than have the
individual Storyteller accused of favoring her foes to the
detriment of clever, strategically savvy players. We also
felt that as people who intensely dislike mass combat,
we'd be more rigorous in applying rules to stop overkill.
That said, we've tried to simplify things as much as
possible when dealing with magic-capable foes who can
access the Dreaming, pilot nocker-made battle machines
and summon dangerous chimera. And that's not even
counting their ability to fight with both ancient and
modern weaponry and knock the competition out of the
battle by making them forget who they are.

The system depends on counting up troop strengths.
Count yours, count theirs and apply the casualties based
onthe difference between the two. What could be easier?
Well, for one thing, casualties don't always tell the whole
story. One commander may feel that a certain number of
casualties are acceptable, while another surrenders if he
loses even a few of his soldiers. Nonetheless, for a quick
‘n' dirty system, this one is relatively easy.

We've divided up the opponents based on their
relative strengths on the battlefield and assigned them a
value.

Troop Values

Troops can be normal, elite, extraordinary or special,
and each type has a different value. We use the word
"unit" to mean a single individual, creature or craft.

¢ Normal troops are ordinary changelings, such as
boggans, eshu or sluagh, who have no great facility on the
battlefield. They have no particular skills that give them
an edge in combat (i.e., they possess a brawl or melee of
three or less). Normal troops each count as 1/10 of a
troop, meaning a group of ten normal changelings counts
as | point during a battle. Note that if your eshu just

110

(ar in Concordia

Ka RO = a WR

happens to excel in battle and tactics, or your boggan is
anoble who teaches knights how to joust, he is consid-
ered elite.

¢ Elite troops are those with natural weaponry,
hardiness, or skill in fighting. They include redcaps,
trolls, battle-trained sidhe and pooka who are dangerous
in their animal forms (lions, scorpions, big cats, ferocious
dogs, etc., not your regular cats and dogs and bunnies).
Elite troops each count as 2/10 of a troop. Thus, five elite
troops equal 1 point, and ten elite troops countas 2 points
when determining the strength of troops. For mixed
troops, some normal units and some elite ones, add the
values to determine their overall strength. A unit with
eight boggans and two redcaps (if you can imagine such
acombination) is worth 8/10 (1/10 per boggan) plus 4/10
(2/10 per redcap). Adding these, you get 12/10, or 1.2
points. Sounds complicated, but if you're comparing it to
one normal troop, the group with the redcaps wins by 2/
10 of a point.

¢ Extraordinary refers to powerful chimera, nocker
war machines and other such things (troops on flying
carpets, airborne ships, etc.). Each extraordinary soldier,
regardless of how many changelings may be in the troupe,
counts as 1/2 a troop (or 5/10) all by herself. Thus two
nocker-built tanks count as one troop, as do two chimeri-
cal dragons. Do remember that these things are hard to
come by. Your local redcaps out to cause a ruckus at the
baron's freehold aren't likely to have access to thematall,
and even well-organized armies usually have only a
couple to spare. They shouldn't appear at every skirmish,
but should be saved for really big, decisive battles. Player
characters are usually so much stronger and better armed
than any Storyteller character that they belong in this
category. Name NPCs belong here as well.

© Special troops are the really unexpected ones:
inanimae who have joined one side and suddenly reveal
themselves, Denizens who bring unknown powers to bear
on the enemy, enchanted humans or kinain brought into
the battle to wield weapons changelings cannot, even
Dauntain pointed at enemies and loosed to wreak havoc.
Again, consider sending an army of encyclopaedia, broom,
magazine and life insurance salesmen to your foe's free-
hold to drown her in Banality. Because special troops are
potentially hard to quantify, the Storyteller may assign a
value to each depending on its ability to cause problems.
The scale should range from 1/10 to 3/10. Then again,
some of these (notably the sales personnel) probably


1G
3

Name Value
Normal Unit 1/10
Elite Unit 2/10
Extraordinary Unit 5/10
Special Unit 1/10-3/10

Unie Charc

@

Troop Value (value per 10 individuals)

won't be part of the battle, but harassment sent before or
after it.

Casualcies

Now that you have these spiffy numbers to work
with, let's consider what they mean in terms of winning
and losing battles. It's fairly obvious that a troop value of
two beats a one, and that even 1.1 beats a plain 1-point
value. But what does it mean? There are a few ways of
figuring out how many units are lost on the losing side.

Method One: Two and Two Make Four

Compare the two troop strengths. The losing side has
suffered casualties equal to twice the difference in troop
strengths, rounded down. Thus, if Army A has 3.4 points
while Army B has only 3 points, Army B has .4 fewer
units. It would suffer .8 casualties. In a normal troop with
a 1-point value, this would mean one casualty. If the
difference were between 4.4 points and 3 points, for
example, the losing side would be at minus 1.4 points.
Doubled, this equals 2.8 and means the underdogs would
lose two |-point troops plus one normal unit. This might
be 11 normal units or some combination that adds up to
11, such as one nocker assault cannon (worth 5/10), two
redcaps (worth 2/10 each) and two mouse pooka. Just do
the math. It's easy to see how useful elite and extraordi-
nary troops can be. Even one troll may give a troop that
extra tenth that puts it on the winning side. The main
difficulty with this method is that it pretty much guaran-
tees that the guy who brought the most troops or the
fanciest battle wagon wins. To add insult to injury, the
winning side doesn't suffer any casualties, either.

Note that casualties need not be deaths. They might
represent someone who is captured by the opposition,
knocked out and left to figure out who he is or injured too
badly to continue. In some cases, the "casualty" might

>

even be a knight who surrenders and promises to quit the
field.

Method Two: Care to Double That Bet?

You can add an element of chance to the battle by
adding up troop strengths and then rolling a d10. Again,
casualties are assigned by adding up the difference be-
tween scores. Those who don't want to run out of units
quickly might consider not doubling the difference be-
tween the scores. On the other hand, fans of the gore-
swathed battlefield look may want to increase the
injured-captured-dead score by taking the doubled dif-
ference and multiplying it by a set number (say 10 or 20).
Of course, each side may roll numbers that essentially
result in no change or that really crush the smaller troop,
but such are the tides of war. In any case, the operative
system here is chance, a chance for the troops on the
smaller side to win against the odds. There aren't any
guarantees, and armies that consistently attack superior
forces are eventually going to have their asses handed to
them. Then again, player characters should never be
among those casualties, no matter how the numbers are
figured. Players tend to prefer controlling their own
destiny rather than finding themselves victimized by a
random roll or some preset determinant.

Method Three: Complicating the Numbers

Several other factors tend to complicate battles.
They're rarely determined merely by troops strength.
Factors that have an effect on the outcome should all be
considered when running mass combats. Is one army
inside a fortress? Does it hold the high ground? Is there
such a thing as high ground when flying ships may
overrun otherwise impregnable positioning? Some of the
following factors (and probably many others Storytellers
will add) can be used to change the odds or make them
a little more (dare we say it?) realistic.

=~

Ke

Chapcer Four: BarcieField Dreams


Factor Plus or Minus to Score

Advantageous Position:

R \ Higher Ground +1
\S Cover +1
RA) Fortification #5
Ye) Mounted Troops +1
S Airborne Troops +3

2) Ranged Weapons +.2
KAN Sneak Attack +15

=) Unnoticed Reserve Troop +1

Disadvantageous Position:

Lower Ground -5
A In the Open -l
e Mounted, Unsuitable Terrain -1.5
\% Other Factors:
ve Untested troops "3
5) Info on Opposition +15
y Knowledge of Terrain +1
Experienced Commander 4.5
Treachery/Betrayal 45

Note that a certain amount of common sense should
come into play here. A small hillock shouldn't count as
higher ground. It must be a significant rise such that the
opposition is forced to attack uphill. Likewise, cover
refers to walls, trees, hedges or a warehouse full of boxes,
not a cartoonlike ducking behind a thin sapling where
your head sticks out one side and your ass the other.
Fortifications refer to actual defensive structures such as
forts or castles, not to taking up arms and defending the
local bar.

Since all changelings supposedly have access to
magic, we give it nothing extra in affecting the battle one
way or the other. Still, Storytellers and players should
consider how cantrips, Glamour and access to the Dream-
ing might change combats. Will the Storyteller allow
one sidhe with high levels of the Sovereign Art and the
Scene and Fae Realms to force the other side to surren-
der? How do you break a siege or an attack that comes
from both the Autumn World and the Dreaming? What
about childlings? Should they be exposed to the war or
sheltered from it? And if changeling is killing change-

112

War in Concordia

Yas

"2

ling, will there be anything left to claim when the bodies
are counted, or will the Banality of the slaughter cause
those taking part to lose their fae souls?

Personal Combdac

In any game that features conflict, it's inevitable that
sooner or later there will be an opportunity to fight one
on one. Not all players feel comfortable with diplomacy
or clever problem solving, but when the brawl or melee
starts, each character finds her own place in it. Going
toe-to-toe with the enemy, be it chimerical orall too real,
provides a chance for everyone to make a difference.
Combat monsters may duke it out up close and personal,
while characters less physically oriented cast cantrips,
but each one is involved in some sort of personal combat.
When battle looms and the game features characters
suchas knights, personal combat should come to the fore.
All too often, though, each character's single contribu-
tion gets lost in the overall picture. Three situations
really call for the Storyteller to abandon the overview
long enough to focus in on the small picture, making the
characters involved the center of the conflict for as long
as it takes to resolve it.

As always, characters should have the spotlight in
the battle and should never become merely battle casu-
alty statistics.

The Duel oF Honor

While some believe that honor belongs to the Seelie
fae, Unseelie may also find cause to engage in a duel.
Honorable or not, few sidhe can resist the chance to fight
one-on-one against a hated or respected foe. Certainly
anyone insulting or unduly angering a sidhe noble may
find herself facing the pointy end of that fae's sword. The
same holds true for anyone attempting to bypass a troll's
guardianship or a boggan's protected home.

The key to a good duel is to make it against someone
the character truly hates or fears. Even better is the duel
against a person the character deeply respects or loves but
whom she must fight to maintain her honor, preserve her
ideals or decide the outcome of a crucial battle. The
beloved enemy presents great potential for roleplaying as
well as combat.

This particular type of combat should be a showcase
opportunity for the character involved. Note that the
key word in all of this is character, singular, not charac-
ters. It seems as though most players cannot stand the
thought of one character facing off against a foe without
interfering in the duel. They want to cast cantrips to help


@

The Ever-Loaded Gun or CUhy
Doesn This Guy Ever Run Ouc of
Ammo?

Ever watched a movie in which there are
several gun battles and every gun seems to hold a
zillion bullets? On the subject of running combats,
there's a great debate concerning whether Story-
tellers should check on players and determine how
much ammunition they have at any given time.
Some feel that making their players account for the
number of bullets/arrows/darts/small flying pooka
they have gives an edge to the game by encouraging
characters to use their ranged weapons only when
it really counts. Others couldn't care less about the
"details."

It's annoying when you actually know how
many rounds gun X can fire before needing a reload
when the NPC blithely keeps shooting at your
character (who has carefully noted the shots fired
and knows she has a chance to make a cool move
without getting creamed). If the player complains,
the Storyteller feels like a jerk and the momentum
is broken. Roleplaying breaks down into an inter-
minable argument or search through the books to
locate how many rounds a gun holds, how many
shots per turn can be fired, etcetera ad nauseum. So
how do we resolve the issue between the sive
bean counters and the flighty free spirits? We
suggest the following:

1. Look it all up before the game starts and
figure out how many missiles, bullets and what
have you can be loaded, carried or whatever. As-
sume player characters have three reloads for each
gun they carry (it's a paranoia thing). Give NPCs
two reloads, then count every shot fired. If both
Storyteller and players aren't sick of it by the end of
the first turn of combat, you may have a group that
likes the minutiae of gaming. Make sure they also
know how much weight they can carry, how many
steps they can walk ina turn and whether they have
to roll dice to see whether their heads fly off when
they sneeze (for those who take botches really
seriously).

2. Don't bother counting bullets. How many
does everyone have? Well, it's a subjective thing:
PCs and NPCs have as many as they need to make the
scene dramatic. The point here is that this is
roleplaying, and reducing it to a series of numbers
ruins the mood. So the gun never runs out of
ammo? So what?

their friend or whack the enemy over the head while he's
concentrating on one opponent. It's almost always with
good intentions that players have their characters stepon
another character's moment of glory, but in effect the
intervention steps on a scene built around a single
character. Duels aren't fought by groups. Ideally, the
Storyteller plans scenes to feature each character so that
everyone gets a turn. If the troupe contains impatient
players, though, the Storyteller may have to stage duels
in places where the other characters cannot possibly
interfere.

Significanc CDelee in the CDidsc
of Baccle

This form of combat is more like staging a duel in the
middle of the battlefield. It is the moment during the
battle when King Arthur clashes with Mordred, that
climactic scene when the marshal faces down the outlaw
in a gunfight or the final confrontation between Robin
Hood and the Sheriff of Nottingham. It has a special
meaning for others besides the character because it's
fought when the outcome of the battle may hang in the
balance, and its aftermath may affect the future. This
scene should be as carefully staged as a regular duel. Yet
it should also include some incidental difficulties, such as
bodies littering the field, other combatants nearby who
might take a cut at the hero as he passes or enemy troops
who may actually come to the aid of the foe. While not
strictly a one-person-show, as is the duel of honor, the
significant melee can make for a terrific element in a
batttle scene and gives the foe a chance to escape to fight
another day.

The Unforeseen Cnemy

The unforeseen enemy presents some tricky prob-
lems. There are several kinds of scenarios. The unfore-
seen enemy may be a foe who escaped a past confronta-
tion and now returns unexpectedly. He may be someone
the characters were completely unaware of who suddenly
makes his presence known. Alternatively, the enemy
may be a former friend (or someone who presented
himself as an ally) who now turns on the character(s) at
a most inopportune time. Confronting such a foe often
gives characters (and their players) a great deal of satis-
faction. Once the character gains the upper hand against
someone like this, however, the Storyteller shouldn't
count on the foe escaping or living to fight another day.
Vengeance is a heady sauce to those who've suffered at
the hands of the unforeseen enemy.

Chapcer Four: BazcleField Dreams

Ae

>

N)
iS)


ey,

CGN

WA GT KX

CGH RAGA Vio ROT

CEG

OS
EIS

am

Ne
2
1
S
Vv,
b

Dircy Poot: An Eshus
Primer on Sadocage

"So, you have problems playing dirty? Not honorable
enough for ya? Well, m'dear, sometimes a stiletto in the back
orahit-and-run in the Dreaming is the only way to save lives,
the only way to win. I felt the way you do once. That was
before the Night of Iron Knives. Now I know the only true
honor is protecting your own—in whatever way it takes.
Yeah, I'm just an old grump now. You young punks don't
believe me? See ya at the morgue, pal."

—Liandra Brokenblade, Unseelie troll

Such an eloquent speaker—for a troll! Nonetheless,
Liandra has a point. For Kithain fighting at a disadvan-
tage, sometimes playing dirty pool provides the only
method to weaken powerful foes. Dark and evil practices
considered unthinkable in peacetime have become com-
mon during the war. Detailed below are some of the most
popular ways of "fucking with the enemy." It should be
noted that some of the methods may cause those who use
them to gain Banality. The Dreaming has ways of pro-
tecting its own. Still, hit-and-run tactics appeal to the
wanderer spirit in me and, frankly, in this atmosphere
I can't see how using creative methods of warfare
should cause any more Banality than what's already
happening. That said, let the games begin!
—Damius Tale-spinner, eshu traveler

Glamour Games

One of the most basic yet potent ways of distressing
opponents is to damage or destroy their sources of Glam-
our or to provide tainted Glamour to them. Sources of
Glamour just ripe for enemy action can include Dream-
ers, dross, treasures, chimera and even the Balefire within
a freehold. Of these, the easiest target is usually the
Dreamers.

Dreamers generally live outside freeholds and have
lives that take them away from those who inspire them.
Creative people are often sensitive enough that a talented
"new friend" can subvert them. Convincing an artist that
her muse is wrong or not attentive enough or that she is
wasting herself on a minor work when she could be creating
something else worthy of being called art for the ages is
child's play for clever pooka or manipulative eshu. Lex
Steeltooth, Redcap saboteur, recommends the following:
"Tf ya can't wreck their loyalty or their faith in their patron,
bring some friends over, throw a party and create your own
Rhapsody in Blue—well, Ravage-sody in Blue anyway—
with the Dreamer as guest of honor. By the next morning
the source crashes out, maybe she's even drained dry. You

\
4
v
v
V2
¥
%
¥

and your buds have a treasure or a buttload of Glamour to
take home. And best ofall, if you whisper the right words in
the Dreamer's ear, Sir Ass-Too-High-to-Fart will have a
bitter, suicidal, enraged artist greeting him (and hopefully
gutting him) next time he shows up fora little dip in the old
Glamour pool."

On the other hand, some pretty subtle moves are
required to target a freehold's Balefire. As crippling as it
might be to steal the Balefire from the enemy, that target is
the most well guarded in changeling society. It's easier to
infiltrate and weaken the enemy's defenses through second-
hand means. Childlings often prove easy to fool and desper-
ate to believe the best of others. Pooka also make useful
dupes because of their ability to get others to talk and reveal
secrets to them. These insiders can be valuable allies by
providing information such as secret boltholes, enemy
strengths and treasures kept in the freehold. And in the best
of circumstances, they just might be able to steal some of
those treasures—or the Balefire!

Potentially, the same childlings can be used to intro-
duce tainted Glamour into the foes' freehold. Such Glam-
our, presented in the form of candy, flashy coins, toys and
other small, portable objects, can attract childlings, who
then bring them into the freehold. Tainted Glamour is most
easily used to power destructive or negative cantrips, and
those exposed to it tend to break things, steal personal items
from others, trip people for the fun of it and perform other
annoying actions. Further, the tainted Glamour seems to
color those who use its attitudes as well, making them surly
and uncooperative, jealous of things they don't have and
likely to provoke fights. By providing tainted Glamour to
childlings, foes at least can make life inside miserable for
those who have to put up with the little hellions (who will
not want to part with their precious toys!). At best, it may
force the foes into making an enemy of the childlings by
confiscating their treasures or driving them out of the
freehold altogether. As Thiereni Balor notes, "Enraged
children make fabulous shock troops. Just place them in the
path of those who have harmed them and provide them
with an iron knife or two. The carnage is amazing!" Just
imagine the fun you can have—and the wreckage you can
provoke—by hookinga redcap childling on tainted collect-
ible cards!

Then again, childlings aren't the only naive change-
lings around. Wilders and even grumps can be tempted
when they find a treasure apparently abandoned by a
fleeing foe. They're usually quick to snatch it up and take
it home. Someone with access to both the fuddle cantrip
and the Time Realm might even make the treasure seem
greater than it actually is, causing dissention among
those who find it. Poisoned with tainted Glamour, one

PID III IIIS SES:

otherwise ordinary sword could cause untold problems.
Aside from bickering over ownership of the thing, the
one who ends up with it may want to use it in battle. Of
course, he may also find himself goaded into battle
against his own allies as the taint makes him more likely
to strike out in anger against any perceived threat or
obstacle and the fuddle confuses his sense of what is
transpiring around him.

Another version of this trick is to let rumor of a weakly
defended Glamour-filled treasury reach your opponents.
Let them raid the treasury and carry off the dross and
treasures after a token resistance. The "treasures" should
consist of a few minor bits of dross, a real (though unimpor-
tant) treasure and a selection of tainted or cursed items.
Make them really useful items and watch the fun when they
fail at acrucial time or gradually change the attitude of your
opponent, poisoning him with tainted Glamour.

Chimera and Ocher Beascies

Some chimera are all but untouchable, such as a
knight's chimerical armor and weaponry (though there
are exceptions). Chimerical beasts and companions prove
a little more vulnerable. Just as some fae have chimera
hunts for fun or fight to protect their homes from danger-
ous rogue chimera, enemies can target a freehold's or an
individual's friendly chimerical guardians or pets. The
most heartless foes capture chimera, then torture them to
death, skimming off the tainted Glamour this produces
for later use.

Summoning chimera to harass or attack opponents
can produce great results, especially when they are un-
leashed in a surprise attack. Since chimera can have very
different abilities and unique looks, an innocuous-look-
ing one may disarm a foe by approaching in a friendly
manner, then suddenly evincing dangerous redes or nasty
teeth and claws. It's even better when such a chimera can
be introduced into an enemy freehold and have the
inhabitants come to trust it, then receive the command
to attack. Finally, some chimera are so appealing or
seductive that they can almost ensorcell those they meet.
A chimera like this whose loyalty lies with you can do
untold damage to your foes by diverting them from their
duties to spend time with the chimera. The chimera is
then also in the perfect position to learn secrets, steal
treasures or even backstab its fae paramour when the
chance presents itself.

Others may become unwitting assistants, pestering
enemy troops or, even better, making them lose their fae
identities. Autumn People make fabulous allies so long as
you can manage to elude their deadening effect yourself.

Take that sweet, little old lady whose only thoughts
involve yapping dogs and her varied illnesses and com-
plaints. Finding out what she's interested in (dog clothes?
a panel on arthritis medication?) and inviting her to a
special occasion to discuss it pays off handsomely when
you tell her the meeting is in your enemy's freehold. Just
turning her away from the door may prove more difficult
than battling chimerical dragons, and it's likely to Banalize
the poor door warden. In like manner, but more danger-
ously, Dauntain might be led right to your opponent,
either at her freehold or at a favored spot for gaining
Glamour. A few well-placed clues can set the Dauntain
on your foe's trail, but those who choose this method
should be very careful to cover themselves so that they
don't attract the Dauntain's attention.

As Filandra Darklight, sluagh tactician, whispers, "A
careful word here, an enticing hint there. Subtlety is the
most useful weapon we have. Lead your foe's foe to him,
then hide and watch the floor show. A quiet laugh at your
enemy's death feels better to me than all the bragging of
overly-loud posturing warriors."

Dreaming Dares

Trodscan become vitally importantin the game of dirty
pool. Creative use of trods can wina battle, unseat or injure
your opponents or provide a haven when you desperately
need it. You can use trods as hiding places for troops poised
to attack freeholds or enemy forces, bringing them through
into the Autumn World in a surprise maneuver. Con-
versely, the trod can be held in reserve to provide an escape
route for your own troops if they're losing. Capturing an
enemy's trods can be devastating both as a blow to his
morale anda possible "in" to his freehold or other important
location. Trapping trods and luring pursuers to chase you
also provides amusement, as does leading them into a pack
of Fell (it pays to have Balor allies) or other dangerous
creatures of the Dreaming. It has even been whispered
(though the method is unexplained) that trods can be cut
or destroyed; doing so could certainly cripple your foes.

Arkadillia Whisker claims, "It's the most fun in the
world to lure some uppity-up onto a trod, mess with his
mind and fuddle him up so he doesn't realize it when you
lead him off the silver path and onto an illusion of one,
then strand him in the Dreaming!"

Then again, Arkadillia is a pooka, so her claims may
be no more than pooka speak. Nonetheless, it's certainly
food for thought. Anyone who doesn't yet understand
the value of playing dirty pool or knowing how to defend
herself from it deserves a pool cue lodged in an inconve-
nient place.


>)

SS

IRR

>

oT
OSES

.o,

22

SN:

Sides and Faccions:

Or Whos Who and
Whos Fighcing Cho?

The war raging across Concordia isn't an easily
understood, cut-and-dried affair pitting one side against
another. It isn't the Accordance War, in which noble
fought commoner and everyone knew which side she was
on. In the War of Dreams, nobles clash with commoners
and one another, commoners fight other commoners and
each may battle the Adhene or the nunnehi. Change-
lings who face one another across a battlefield one day
may find common cause the next. While every possible
permutation isn't presented here, the following are some
ideas of the various conflicts occurring among the change-
lings caught up in the aftermath of the High King's
disappearance.

Even if your own troupe's personal history doesn't
encompass most of these conflicts, the fact that the
disputes are occurring all around the characters should
have an effect on them. Freeholds that once welcomed
the characters may now view them with suspicion. Oth-
ers may woo them so they can use them as defenders.
Characters could be caught in the middle of a clash
between two sides—each of whom once counted the
characters as friends or allies and expects their support
against the "foes." Whether Storytellers use a lot of the
possible conflicts or only a few, the dislocations and
hatred generated by the ongoing war poison the atmo-
sphere around all changelings. Glamour is hard to find,
and Banality gains an ever-greater foothold while the war
continues. Directly involved or not, characters will feel
at least some of that.

Nodles Versus Nodles

While some of these conflicts undoubtedly stem
from personal animosity (creating great opportunities for
duels of honor), others involve large numbers of oppo-
nents. Seelie versus Unseelie provides an obvious ex-
ample of noble opposition, but either or both of them
might also conflict with the Shadow Court or other
extremist factions. Modernists vie with Traditionalists at
the best of times; during the war, they might actually
come to blows over their differences. Noble house could

(ar in Concordia

SS

fight house. There is an unequal distribution of freeholds,
as any Unseelie house or member of House Liam knows.
Those who have freeholds might actively persecute the
have-nots, fearing that the upheavals could cause their
own downfall or that those without freeholds might
attempt to take them by force. In the wake of forcing
commoners and those nobles suspected of disloyalty to
swear binding oaths, many nobles have gone rogue,
become Unseelie or joined the Shadow Court to avoid
having their freedom curbed. With the arrival of several
new noble houses and the return of most of the Scathach,
competition for already scarce Glamour and freeholds
reaches unbelievably fierce levels.

Most commonly, the nobles split into factions. Some
favor High Queen Faerilyth's claim; others believe
Morwyn should now rule. Lenore has her supporters, as
does Queen Mab. Smaller (but growing) factions follow
a new leader called Danwyn or lesser lights seeking
advancement ina time of turmoil. Finally, in at least one
case, the conflict has reached a kingdom-wide scale, with
nobles from the Kingdom of the Burning Sun forcefully
turning back both refugees and fighting troops attempt-
ing to cross their territory or exploit their resources.
Though nobles are not the only ones involved in this
policing action, they remain in the forefront of any
battles other than simple border skirmishes.

Noodles Versus Commoners

Noble versus commoner battles contain uncomfort-
able echoes of the Accordance War. In many cases,
changelings left bitter when the earlier fighting stopped
see the disappearance of David Ardry as their chance to
redress old grievances and win their freedom from sidhe
oppression. Other, younger commoners feel that the war
gives them the chance to make their martial talents
known. Once again, each faction boasts adherents among
commoners, many of whom are only too happy to square
off against nobles supporting other candidates. Many
commoners also support the idea of elevating a com-
moner to overall rulership of Concordia, though no
single candidate has emerged to consolidate their efforts.
And while the Seelie-Unseelie conflict remains as im-
portant among commoners as it does among nobles, the
Shadow Court has made great strides in recruiting disaf-
fected commoners and pitting them against other nobles.
Ironically, some commoners find themselves at odds with


nobles through their associations with them: Common-
ers sworn to or adopted into noble houses find themselves
fighting to preserve those houses against their enemies.
Even more strangely, commoners under the protection of
certain nobles or houses are facing the enmity of those
nobles' rivals.

Commoners Versus Commoners

If anything in the War of Dreams points to its
difference from the Accordance War, it's the preponder-
ance of battles pitting commoners against other com-
moners. Aside from those who support a particular fac-
tion—Morwynists, Anarchists, Common Rights Activ-
ists or whatever—some commoners take this chance to
just run wild. Redcap bands patrol some areas, bullying
whoever comes their way. Some of the more aggressive
pooka seize the opportunity to prove they're more than
just foolish pranksters and liars. A few commoners divide
into types, with redcaps battling sluagh, nockers or trolls
and boggans savagely defending their homes from any-
one trying to harm them. Additionally, many common-
ers have joined the Shadow Court, believing that their
interests will only be reflected in a complete break from
both the Seelie and Unseelie Courts. All too often this
puts them at odds with other commoners who feel their
counterparts are just being used. A few commoner lead-
ers have emerged, commanding troops of commoner
warriors sworn to elevate their captain to a position of
tulership. While most pit themselves against nobles,
some clash with other groups as determined as they are to
seize freeholds and titles for themselves.

Ocher Combacancs

Commoners and nobles alike tend to think of them-
selves as the "important" fae in the world. Most often
they ignore the nunnehi and inanimae, not thinking, or
perhaps not caring, what effect the war has on them. Few
changelings even know of the Adhene, and even fewer
consider how the Denizens might impact their lives and
the war. Despite the warning given by the arrival of the
Adhene in the Autumn World, no changelings other
than the Denizens and newly returned noble houses have
any concept that some of the conflicts can be laid at the
door of the awakening Fomorian Courts.

Nunnehi

Some nunnehi have sworn pacts with certain change-
lings—mostly nobles occupying freeholds near nunnehi
camps—and while these usually feature nonaggression, a
few promise support against enemies. Thus, changelings
battling pact holders may find themselves facing fierce
nunnehi warriors as well. Some nunnehi provide other
assistance, such as bringing wounded allies back to their
camps for healing or leading enemies on a wild goose
chase while helping "friendlies" to escape from over-
whelming forces. A very few nunnehi, concerned that
the conflict is spilling over onto their lands and poison-
ing their medicine, have offered their services as neutral
arbitration. Such helpfulness is more the exception than
the norm, however. Most nunnehi bitterly resent change-
lings' encroachments on their territories and the stealing
of lands they consider their own. Thus, the nunnehi
often spy on conflicts between changelings, then pick off
the weakened victors. Knowing which sort of nunnehi
they are dealing with might save many changelings
confronted by nunnehi war parties; sadly, most change-
lings have ignored the nunnehi too often to now under-
stand the difference.

Denizens

No one except the Adhene know what the Denizens
want or how they plan to get it. Individual Denizens may
support specific changelings, or groups may try to under-
mine freeholders. In some cases, they might want noth-
ing more than to understand the Autumn World, but
what concerns anyone who recalls the Fomorian threat
is that they may be the harbingers of those dread beings.
Interestingly, Denizens also fight among themselves,
bringing enmities from the Dreaming into their lives
here.

Fomorians

"No one ever expects the Spanish Inquisition," and
no one expects the Fomorians to be a real threat. Most
changelings are too caught up in the conflict itself to
question what role, if any, the ancient Fomorian Courts
might play in the war. Only the best informed and most
paranoid fae suspect that the Fomorians might have a
hand in fomenting the troubles assailing Concordia.
Those few ask themselves who the Fomorians' agents are
and what plans they have for freeing their still-impris-
oned masters. Such questions have little chance of being
answered while the battles rage . .. and perhaps that's just
what the Fomorians want.

Chapzer Four: BarcieField Dreams

SS
qi
ah

iy)
eA
y


, i eat % /

¥

A)

Tt was then that we stepped out of our world
machine

Between the palm and fingers

Peeling like gloves

And for each eye that shed one tear,

We made of that tear an ocean

And in the five directions

We loosed our several craft.

—Incredible String Band, "Creation"

automatically hears you regardless of the general noise

CDerizs and Flawus

The state of war in Concordia imposes some unique
conditions upon many fae. Some of these work to the
advantage of changeling characters, while others create
distinct disadvantages. Storytellers may decide that some
of the Merits and Flaws listed below are not appropriate
for their chronicles or may prefer to design their own.

Commanding Voice (I pz. Physical CDeriz)

You have the ability to make yourself heard over long
distances or above a crowd without appearing to shout.
This natural projection serves you well in shouting orders
ona battlefield, getting a room to quiet down or calling
for aid from reinforcements. Your intended audience

118 War in Concordia

level.

Crack Shoc (2 pc. Apcicude (Deriz)

No matter what you're pointing, gun, arrow or dart,
you hit your target with great accuracy. You receive no
increased difficulty when targeting any specific location.
You gain one extra dice on Firearms rolls that do not
involve specific targeting.

Boon of Face (I-5 pz. Supernacural CDeric)

Although you know you are not immortal, you have
been given the knowledge that you will not die from one
certain means or event. Perhaps an eshu grump read your
fortune in the stars and prophesied that you would not die


by the hand of commoner or noble. Perhaps you simply
have a deep and abiding fearlessness of fire and the
inherent knowledge that your death will not come from
that element. Whatever your certainty, this knowledge
gives you the freedom to risk your life in ways that others
can not. Storytellers should keep in mind, however, that
such beliefs

an turn upon those who abuse this freedom.
The individual who knows she will not die from fire can
still perish from the collapse of a burning roof upon her
head. Storytellers should determine the cost of this Merit
according to the type of "death" it precludes.

Divided Loyatzies (3 pz. Social Flaw)

The current hostilities have placed you in an awk-
ward position with regard to your usual loyalties. A
commoner who opposes violent revolt against the rulers
of Concordia may find herself distanced from friends or
oathmates who support the war. Similarly, a sidhe who
sides with the commoners may alienate herself from
other members of her house. A Red Branch knight who
supports Faerilyth may have difficulties in the presence of
colleagues who belong to different factions in the search
for a successor to the throne.

ALU

Those of your friends or allies who know of your
differing loyalties no longer trust you with confidences.
Some may even consider you an enemy or, at the very

least, a liability. You might try to conceal your true
feelings, but if you do, you run the risk of discovery by
those who would label you a traitor.

You suffer a +2 to your difficulty for all Social rolls in
circumstances that place you and your erstwhile friends
at odds with one another. At the Storyteller's discretion,
possession of this Flaw may cause other problems that
require solutions through roleplaying.

Oachcaken (4 pc. Supernacural Flaw)

You have submitted to the recent requirements that
all commoners swear the Oath of Loyal Affirmation.
This oath binds you to the service of your liege even if it
places you in opposition to oathmates or other members
of your motley. Your status as one of the Oathtaken also
prevents you from joining any of the commoner war
efforts, even if you sympathize with the rebels.

In order to take any action against the person to

whom you swore the oath, you must attain three suc-
cesses in a Willpower roll (difficulty 9). Even if you

«ean
1

E23

Uipt>

ite pags

AHL
YUL, Z3 fi


succeed, all actions suffer a—2 penalty to your Dice Pool,
and you may not use Glamour in conjunction with any
such actions. Each time you successfully violate the spirit
of the oath, you lose 1 point from each of your physical
Attributes, subject toa minimum of one dot remaining in
each Attribute. This loss remains until you receive a
pardon from your liege.

An Arsenal of Arms

Chimerical armaments usually take the form of stan-
dard items such as swords, battle axes, crossbows, longbows
and other familiar weapons. Both nockers and sidhe of
House Dougal have learned the art of crafting chimerical
firearms. Other, more unusual types of weapons, how-
ever, also offer alternatives to the usual fare. The follow-
ing examples may spark your imagination in creating
other items of destruction or mayhem.

Ferrous Wheel

These palm-sized discs, fashioned from wrought
iron, are prized by knights of House Balor and their sworn
vassals, who may use them without penalty. Tossed onto
the battlefield, ferrous wheels cause one Health Level of
aggravated damage to any changeling they strike. While
asingle wheel may not offer much of a threat, a volley of
them can wreak havoc on an unsuspecting line of attack-

x

ers.

Crackers (Level-Tiuo Treasure)

Originally created as practical jokes, these miniature
explosive devices now have ause on the battlefield. They
come in four varieties named for the elements they mimic
and resemble sticks of dynamite, complete with fuse. To
activate the cracker, the user must light the fuse and
throw the cracker toward the intended foe. A successful
"hit" detonates the cracker and does damage by type, as
follows:

Firecracker: This red-colored cracker explodes in a
burst of flame and does 2 Health Levels of damage from
fire.

Aircracker: This white-colored cracker detonates
on contact and causes | Health Level of damage from a
sudden burst of compressed air. The target may soak the
damage but must also roll Dexterity + Athletics to
remain on his feet.

Watercracker: This blue-colored cracker acts as a
superpowerful water balloon. On contact, it bursts, show-
ering its target with a cascade of water with the force of
afire hose. The water causes | Health Level of damage in

120

(ar in Concordia

BARS
PNY AY

addition to potentially throwing the target off balance
(see above).

Earthcracker: This green-colored cracker shatters
upon contact, much like a fragmentation grenade, doing
2 Health Levels of damage to its victim. If it hits the
ground instead of an individual, anyone within a 5-foot
radius must make a Dexterity + Athletics roll to remain
on her feet.

Heacher Bomd (Level-Four Treasure)

Physically resembling a hand grenade, this healing
device uses the force of Primal Four in conjunction with
Scene Five to conduct a form of mass healing at a
distance. The user must spend 1 point of Glamour to
invoke the properties of this treasure before tossing it
toward the group she wishes to affect. Each Heather
Bomb has a 30-foot radius and heals up to three levels of
damage (including aggravated damage) to everyone
within its sphere.

Holly Grenade (Level-Four Treasure)

Like the Heather Bomb, this grenadelike object uses
the force of Primal Four in addition to Scene Five.
Instead of healing, however, the Holly Grenade has the
effect of a Holly Strike and does three Health Levels of
damage to everyone in a 30-foot radius.

Defender's Gaceway (Singular Treasure)

This greatshield, 5 feet tall, deep green and embossed
with acurving, silvery line, forms a moveable gateway to
atrod. Asa defense for gravely wounded soldiers or those
caught as innocent bystanders in the midst of battle, it
may be used only to provide retreat for those helpless or
in need of succor. Setting the shield upon the ground and
using a point of Glamour opens a trod that leads to a
small, defensible homestead within the Dreaming. De-
fenders may then move the shield, keeping enemies from
following within. No one may stay within the homestead
for more than the turning of one day or night. At the
following dawn or sunset those within who have not
since returned will find themselves at a gate in the
Dreaming that opens to a spot exactly one mile west of
where they entered the shield. Anyone cowardly enough
to try to enter the gateway without true need will find his
way blocked.

Once said to belong to Sir Edgravain ap Liam, a
knight of great renown before the Shattering, this trea-
sure has recently resurfaced and appears at times of need.
The Defender's Gateway does not remain with any one
individual for more than two uses. After the second use,


it disappears, reappearing in the possession of another
worthy individual.

(ondermencs of Car

Whether gifted with visions of the Dan soon to befall
Concordia or simply driven by curiosity and imagination,
nockers from several guilds have concocted transporta-
tion devices eminently suitable for the art of waging war.
Ranging from underwater and amphibious vessels to
ground and air vehicles, these marvelous machines have
recently found their way into the hands of all the factions
involved in the Concordian conflict. Kithbook: Nockers
gives examples for several airborne vehicles as well as a
singular war machine knownas the Ogre Hunter Mark III.

Nockers do not monopolize technological creativity,

however much they may lay claim to that distinction.
Members of House Dougal also possess the desire to
invent Glamour-driven mechanical constructs, includ-
ing vehicles, weapons and other devices applicable for
wartare.
Beginning characters may acquire chimerical ve-
hicles with Background points in Chimera, subject to the
permission of the Storyteller. Vehicles or devices in-
tended to carry or support five people or fewer cost 3
points; those meant for five to ten individuals cost 4
points, and vehicles used for transporting more than ten
people cost 5 points. Nockers or Dougal sidhe who have
at least three dots in Craft may spend one less point in
Backgrounds to purchase chimerical vehicles. Other
characters must gain possession of these objects through
roleplaying or, with the Storyteller's approval, during
downtime with the expenditure of experience points
equal to twice the initial Background point cost for
beginning characters. As always, Storytellers should de-
termine whether or not they want chimerical vehicles in
the hands of their players and limit or increase availabil-
ity accordingly.

All chimerical vehicles possess the following Traits,
similar to those found in Kithbook: Nockers for airborne
devices.

Stall (airships only): This is the minimum speed at
which an airborne vehicle can travel without plummet-
ing to the ground. Hot air balloons, which have the
ability to hover, have a Stall speed of zero.

Cruise: The standard cruising speed for the vehicle.

Maximum: The maximum speed the vehicle can
maintain for one turn.

Range: This figure represents the distance (in miles
or knots) that the vessel can travel at normal speed on |

— cE)

os

point of Glamour. Some devices allow changelings to
feed dross into "engines" (much like putting gas into a
fuel tank). Maximum speeds halve the range for vehicles
unless they are sailing with the wind or can otherwise
make use of wind propulsion to minimize the expenditure
of Glamour. Airborne vehicles that run out of Glamour
with no alternate power source have the possibility of
crashing unless a successful Pilot roll (difficulty 8) can
prevent disaster and bring the vehicle toasafe emergency
landing.

Maneuver: Each vehicle possesses a maneuverabil-
ity factor from one to ten, which represents the difficulty
of performing complex, nonstandard maneuvers.

Passengers: The maximum number of individuals
able to ride in (or on) the vehicle. The actual number
may vary according to the size of the passengers. Trolls
countas two passengers, while boggans or nockers may be
able to double up.

Armor: This figure indicates the number of points of
armor, if any, possessed by the vehicle.

Health Levels: This represents the amount of dam-
age sustainable by the vehicle. Penalties apply to dice
rolls involving maneuvers.

Attack: This represents built-in offensive capabili-
ties, where applicable, and does not affect weapons
carried by passengers or brought on board the vessel.
Ornithopters have built-in offensive capabilities that
require a successful Dexterity + Ride roll to employ.

Look! Up in the Sky!

Nockers have worked hard to perfect their designs
for two types of airborne vehicles, ather balloons and
ornithopters. Although Kithbook: Nockers provides a
full description of several types of each, complete with
explanations of how they work, we have included a
revised version of that information for players or Story-
tellers who may not have that supplement or who would
prefer all their vital statistics in one place. Storytellers
should use the guidelines suggested above to determine
Background or experience point costs for airships.

Personal Hoc Air Balloon

Preferred by nocker pilots for aerial reconnaissance,
these small hot air balloons carry their passengers in a
suspended, gondola-sized carrier for no more than two
passengers.

Stall: 0 mph

Cruise: Wind speed

Maximum: Wind speed

Appendix

(SK

ty

(ar in Concordia

KR (‘) om =

af

e,

Range: 80

Maneuver: 8

Passengers: 2

Armor: Balloon 0, Gondola 2

Health Levels: Balloon OK, -5; Gondola OK, OK,
-l,-1, -2,-5

Squad Balloon

Used to transport small groups behind enemy lines,
the squad balloon uses either gas or hot air above a
suspended gondola and steam engine.

Stall: 0 mph

Cruise: Wind speed or 30 mph

Maximum: Wind speed or 40 mph

Range: 200

Maneuver: 7

Passengers: 5

Armor: Balloon 0, Gondola 2

Health Levels: Balloon OK, -2, -5; Gondola OK,
OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Small Airship

This blimp supports an enclosed gondola, internal
ballonets and a complex steering system. It averages 100
feet long and 35 feet in diameter and serves to transport
small groups across relatively secure territory.

Stall: 0 mph

Cruise: 40 mph

Maximum: 55 mph

Range: 250

Maneuver: 6

Passengers: 8

Armor: Balloon 1, Gondola 3

Health Levels: Balloon OK, -1, -2, -5; Gondola OK,
OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

(Dedium-Size Air Transporc

Able to carry up to twenty passengers, this air trans-
port consists of a medium-sized, enclosed gondola made
of semirigid material and including a frame that blends
chimerical metal with aluminum and employs internal
gas cells and a steering system. This vehicle is 253 feet
long and 55 feet in diameter.

Stall: 0 mph

Cruise: 45 mph

Maximum: 70 mph

Range: 500

Maneuver: 7


Passengers: 20

Armor: Balloon 2, Gondola 4

Health Levels: Balloon OK, OK, -1,-2,05; Gondola
OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Air CDaxivan

The largest chimerical airship resembles a zeppelin
and boasts a massive enclosed gondola, a rigid frame
crafted from aluminum, internal gas cells and a state-of-
the-nocker-art steering system. At 430 feet long and 50
feet in diameter, this vehicle serves to transport as many
as forty troops to the fight.

Stall: 0 mph

Cruise: 60 mph

Maximum: 80 mph

Range: 900

Maneuver: 8

Passengers: 40
Armor: Balloon 3, Gondola 5

Health Levels: Balloon OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2,
-5; Gondola OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Single Seac Ornichopzer

Favored by skilled aviators in aerial dogfights, this
ornithopter usually resembles a large eagle, condor or
other airborne predator. Aboard this vehicle, the single
pilot does it all.

Stall: 30 mph

Cruise: 60 mph

Maximum: 70 mph

Range: 45

Maneuver: 5

Passengers: |

Armor: |

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -2, -2,-5
Attack: Talons, two dice; Bite, one dice

Dual-Passenger Comdac Thopzer

The favored design for this two-person ornithopter
resembles a pegasus. Riders occupy front and rear posi-
tions, making this airship hard to attack successfully from
behind. The senior pilot directs the vessel's aerial ma-
neuvers while the co-pilot handles combat (via the
powerful rear "kick") and conducts rear reconnaissance.

Stall: 45 mph

Cruise: 55 mph

Maximum: 65 mph
Range: 85

Maneuver: 6

Passengers: 2

Armor: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -2, -2, -5
Attack: Kick, six dice

Three-Person Airdorne Fighter
Also known as the "fighting griffin," this three-
person vehicle employs a dual attack controlled by the

two junior pilots. The senior pilot directs the ornithopter's
maneuvers.

Stall: 45 mph

Cruise: 55 mph

Maximum: 75 mph

Range: 100

Maneuver: 7

Passengers: 7

Armor: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5
Attack: Claw, four dice; Bite, five dice

Quad Fighzer

The fabled roc forms the favored design for this four-
person airborne fighter. In addition to a pilot and two
combat specialists, this vehicle allows for a dedicated
navigator.

Stall: 40 mph

Cruise: 65 mph

Maximum: 100 mph

Range: 200

Maneuver: 7

Passengers: 4

Armor: 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Attack: Talons, five dice; Bite, four dice

Five Poinc Flyer

The premier top-of-the-line ornithopter, this five-
person flying machine usually resembles a dragon (albeit
asmall one). The crew of five allows fora pilot, navigator
and three combat specialists, any of whom can switch to
defensive maneuvers when necessary.

Stall: 90 mph

Cruise: 180 mph

Maximum: 230 mph

Range: 240

Maneuver: 8


Z

Passengers: 6

Armor: 6

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2,
-2,-2,-5

Attack: Claws, five dice; Bite, eight dice

One if dy Land

While the Shining Host shows a distinct preference
for sweeping cavalry attacks and other forms of tradi-
tional feudal warfare, it does give grudging
acknowledgement that the methods of battle have
changed drastically. Commoners, on the other hand,
know too well the foot soldiers'-eye view of combat and

5)

wholeheartedly appreciate the improvements in trans-
port and weaponry that have come about during the six
centuries of the Interregnum. Nocker-built tanks, ar-
mored personnel carriers and siege engines are in demand
among all the factions involved in the war. Even some
enterprising members of House Dougal have tried their
hands at creating chimerical land vehicles for use by the
nobility, who certainly have the available resources to
spend on elaborate modes of travel. Although these
machines differ somewhat in appearance from their coun-
terparts of nocker make, they possess similar capabilities.

Storytellers should feel free to adapt the guidelines
listed below as necessary for their own purposes.

Crawlers (Tanks)

Seekinga tactical edge to combat the use of mounted
units in battle, nocker engineers (and some of their
Dougal counterparts) have developed crawlers.asa means
of evening the odds against superior numbers or cavalry.
Nocker crawlers often resemble mechanical versions of
prehistoric creatures, armadillos or other fearsome land
beasts. Tested by nocker ground troops in the later
of the Accordance War, early prototypes proved su
ful in large-scale ground maneuvers. Historians believe,

in fact, that more intensive use of crawlers might have
brought about a different resolution to the war.

Crawlers fashioned by Dougal builders seem slightly
more graceful in appearance, imitating wingless dragons
or war elephants. A crawler's crew rides entirely within
the construction, with the exception of the turret gun-
ner, who gains only partial protection from his armored
seat atop the vehicle.

Cruise: 20 mph

Maximum: 30 mph

Range: 50

Maneuver: 7

War in Concordia

Passengers: 5 maximum (one driver and up to four
gunners)

Armor: 8

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -1, -2,
-2, -2,-5

Attack: Mounted guns (4), four dice each

Troop Transports

Rapid deployment of troops often proved the key
factor in military actions during the Accordance War.
While the Shining Host often relied upon the swiftness
of its mounted knights, commoners found themselves
relegated to slogging through hostile terrain without
benefit of speedy transport. Since the end of the war,
secret nocker factories have labored to produce reliable
transportation for ground troops, "just in case."

Designed to carry groups of soldiers onto the field of
battle, troop transports provide ample armor but do not
possess built-in weaponry. Nocker-built vehicles re-
semble gargantuan creatures from science fiction films or
huge mechanical insects such as tarantulas or centipedes.
Troops ride within the vehicles, which usually have
doors on the sides and at the rear for rapid disembarking.

The sidhe have not ignored the possibilities inherent
in mass transport. Sidhe designers favor elaborate ar-
mored coaches pulled by chimerical horses, though some-
times they, too, adopt the imagery of great beasts, par-
ticularly dragons.

Cruise: 50 mph

Maximum: 75 mph

Range: 100

Maneuver: 7

Passengers: Up to fifty troops, depending on the size
of the vehicle

Armor: 8

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5

Attack: None

Siege CDachines

Both nocker and sidhe fabricators of siege machines
pull out all the stops in their designs for these immense
traveling fortresses of destruction. Nockers have pro-
duced nightmarish towers of gleaming chimerical metal.
Many of their devices brandish hideous carving weapons
such as scythes as well as energy cannons and other
nocker inventions. Sidhe siege machines more often
mirror their medieval counterparts, though much more
elaborately. Chimerical ballistas, catapults and battering
rams form the primary weaponry for these mechanisms.


In addition to the troops who may ride within the
machines themselves, additional foot soldiers or cavalry
usually form an auxiliary force that travels alongside or
behind the siege machines.

Cruise: 5 mph

Maximum: 10 mph

Range: 50

Maneuver: 8

Passengers: Varies depending on the size of the
construct

Armor: 8

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1,-1,-1,
-l, -2, -2, -2, -2, -5

Attack: Varies according to weapons

... And Tuo if dy Sea

Changeling ships come in two varieties: chimerical
creations made entirely out of the fabric of dreams and
physical vessels that act as floating freeholds. Physical
ships that function in the mortal world appear as
normal ships to unenchanted viewers. Kithain,
however, see the chimerical essence of these
vessels. A pleasure yacht, for example, may seem
no different from a thousand other such boats
until viewed by a changeling or an enchanted
mortal, whose fae sight reveals the vessel's chimeri-
cal aspects. Chimerical damage affects only the chi-
merical reality of these ships, leaving their physical
substance unharmed.

Seagoing Vessels

Whether built by nockers or Dougal sidhe,
chimerical ships vary widely in appearance
as well as function. Designed to travel atop
the surface of the water, many of these
vessels resemble more fanciful or ideal-
ized versions of their real-world counter-

parts. Spanish galleons, Yankee clipper
ships and Li
coastal waters and travel great distances
via sea trods. Others depart from the
"ship" shape entirely, taking on the ap-

antine war galleys ply the

pearance of swan boats, sea dragons and
various other creatures.

Chimerical ships seldom venture into the
deep ocean, since they have no physical existence
outside the Dreaming. Most sea battles, there-
fore, take place either wholly within the Near
Dreaming, far away from the eyes of mortals and


within reach of "dry land," or else between vessels that
have some physical counterpart in the real world.

The following list of chimerical vessels does not
cover all the possible variations. Storytellers and players
should feel free to create their own ships to suit their
chronicles.

Small CraFe

Designed to carry one or two people, these vessels
include canoes, dories, rowboats, kayaks and single-
passenger sailboats. Nocker builders fashion these in the
form of elaborate mechanical creatures such as alligators,

en

EX
SY

porpoises or geese. Dougal engineers tend to spend more

time on creating graceful versions of the real-world

GY

prototypes or historical recreations of vessels such as
coracles or bark skin canoes.

OL,

TR

Cruise: 8 knots

Maximum: 10 knots
Range: 20
Maneuver: 6

(SIS

2)

Passengers: 2

Armor: |
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -2, -5
Attack: None

CDidsize Vessels

Intended for carrying small groups of passengers,
such as a motley or a single military unit, these vessels
include small sailboats, pleasure yachts, cruisers and long
ships. These ships frequently appear as mechanical sea
monsters of medium size or large sea creatures such as
sharks. Sidhe builders prefer the elegance of swan boats
or gondolas.

Cruise: 10 knots

Maximum: 15 knots

Range: 30

Maneuver: 7
Passengers: 15
Armor: 2-3
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -2, -2, -5
Attack: Ram, three dice

Large Ships

These massive vessels possess the capability to move
sizeable groups from place to place. Nocker shipwrights
pride themselves in creating gargantuan mechanical
leviathans or huge aquatic dinosaurs. Sidhe designs tend
toward fearsome sea dragons or more fanciful versions of
clipper ships or other large sailing vessels. Pirate ships
and galleons also fall into this category.

Cruise: 15 knots

Maximum: 25 knots

Range: 40

Maneuver: 8

Passengers: 15-100, depending on the size of the
vessel

Armor: 4-6

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2,
-2,-5

Attack: Ram, five dice

Sudmersidles

Nockers claim that Jules Verne borrowed the idea of
submersible vessels from them, and many nocker-built
submarines bear the unmistakable stamp of Captain
Nemo's Nautilus. These odd-looking underwater crafts
rarely carry more than a handful of passengers, since the
dangers of travel beneath the surface of the ocean make
mass transport risky at best. Most chimerical submarines
serve as spy vehicles, though a few are capable of launch-
ing underwater attacks.

Cruise: 8 knots

Maximum: 10 knots

Range: 30

Maneuver: 6

Passengers: 1-5

Armor: 3-4

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -5

Attack: Torpedos, 4 dice

Becuwixe and Becween

Nockers pride themselves on their ingenuity and
practicality in creating devices that serve useful func-
tions while simultaneously showing off the imaginations
of their creators. The following chimerical creations
illustrate a few examples of unusual nocker technology.

Amphidious Vehicles

These vehicles possess the ability to travel overland
and on the water. Small versions resemble mechanical
alligators or crocodiles, while larger ones have the ap-
pearance of gigantic turtles. Amphibious vessels may
carry troops across a variety of terrain, though they
function best in the Near Dreaming. Needless to say,
amphibious vehicles rarely venture into deep water,
confining themselves to river or lake travel for the most
part.

Cruise: 10 mph

Maximum: 15 mph

Range: 30

Maneuver: 9

Passengers: Varies according to size, but the maxi-
mum is usally 25 human-sized individuals

Armor: 6
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5
Attack: None

Floacing Bridges

These chimerical platforms allow passage across vast
expanses of lakes or other bodies of water. Used primarily
to circumvent the tried-and-true method of burning
bridges to cut off an army's attack route, floating bridges
come in varying sizes and degrees of collapsibility. Nocker
bridges usually resemble elaborately designed modular
tiles. Bridge technicians practice the art of linking the

tiles to one another to form a pathway stretching across
aspan of water, as well as removing the tiles from the rear

to prevent unwanted pursuit. Nocker ingenuity has pro-
duced several other types of floating bridges. One of the
most popular versions consists of a series of telescoping
metal platforms. More fanciful but no less practical,
Tarvin Murry's patented bridge of chain-linked, floating
tortoises has proven useful in swamplands and marshes.

Bridges designed by Dougal sidhe may either re-
semble their nocker counterparts or draw their designs
from natural objects such as lily pads, logs or carpets of
seaweed. Some engineers have experimented with inflat-
able bridges, with marginal success, since inflation time
precludes rapid deployment of the bridge in the event of
a need to cross a body of water quickly.

Length: 1 mile per point of Glamour

Maneuver: 9

Armor: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -2, -2, -5
Sudground Vehicles

Nockers' interests in mining have led their creative
urges in the direction of underground transportation.
Crafted to resemble mechanical worms, voles, shrews
and other subterranean creatures, the plethora of under-
ground vehicles available for troop movements lends an
edge to surprise attacks by small units of fearless com-
moners. Though subsurface transports move relatively
slowly and require frequent expenditures of Glamour to
power their motion, they are nearly invisible to surface
detectors.

Cruise: 5 mph

Maximum: 8 mph

Range: 10

Maneuver: 9

Passengers: Up to 20 per vehicle, depending on its size
Armor: 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, 1, -2, -2, -5
Attack: None

Noa
Ee
ae

7
x]

y

3

‘y

2

tox
RL

Teen
RAT

SS

