# File: Wayward.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


[OCR skipped on page(s) 2]

the

found
home
‘Lane

te sane Police
Swen, he
po
8 oat
‘es Van
ing
dexctoed ©
‘the Vin
sa that a
"ho ad
‘tbe ico:
couple

rod dead tt

trot once in the
7
they are see
inky

in ti late 40s wt

introduced. bimsel

said they
ice ¥
feof the deceased.
cS

ironwood
also sa |
a man Mr. Scrbiosky
quest
‘ond as

Ahem as a "hous

vestigations
eal Serbia
be told police be saw
Me
‘white male

speak with Ja

eerie ss

head
TiS pm. oo Me

‘Owens
"Cae,
couple, bas been

Man, 35, is
shot dead at

fib agen pennage ps
1 HH eed
egies it

i

ie Hip
ile Hi ity
it

n fare is
ati a
Hae

yd


tim jailed on contempt charge

westioning since the Augast 50 here" Gold said, he frst thing
me offoland Vari Ou, 53. she said was, "Tm a clizen ofthe
Gis Gold. whois USWA. Yall have no authonty
investigating Rotand Van Owen's Gree me." Many wlte supremar
Sas Sn eee
ens oly communication with government ofthe United Sat
pce ths, tomer <—
Fer "pole peuone™ sini, ‘ASSP tne


OFFICE OF THE » LL EXAMINER

County Aun uo. CMe mine
of Marin Say iome wo

MEMORANOUM

To: All staff
From: Alan Polk
Re: Mishandling of UID 564756

‘As wo alll know, any break in chain of evidenct
to a variety of legal sanctions; loss of an unj

Constties a total breakdown of the systa@ARe
chan of evden and osing Wine Ne

Aer our coleagues in San Fra "4 the ongoing
Atay Schoo le inven etsy. Ry hoped nat peraonn
here fot cautioned and 5 agmnaon never to taco the
intense Duroauerae ma ‘tice. Now. wo find
ourselves short one uniaaimed dead malo who may have been the

principal In a c 13 Widsoquent attempt at vehicular
homicide. We bagi linf tor everything trom lie detector tests to

civil suits. Boo 30" wish to be the subjects of some "60
Minaee?prome.ong ‘changes are in order.

Effective im faft_ members are not to discuss the particulars
of this cas. ‘ther involving unaccounted-for decedents) among
—— jth anyone outside of this department except mysolf,

repre ‘of the California Bureau of Investigation, and their
fedeMQW ons. Also, any materials in the possession of any employee
that m@@nt pertain to this case or that might come into any employee's
possession in the future are to be tumed over to me posthaste.

Failure by any employee to abide by these strictures is grounds for
immediate termination and possible prosecution





Subject: Re: ie sed in NOLA area

To: shaka74
From: shophet125

Interested in your problem. Can you meet at Café Du Monde
Wednesday at 3PM?

Subject: Re: Bullseye needed in NOLA area
To: shophet125
From: shaka74

>>>Interested in your problem. Can you meet at Café Du
>>>Monde Wednesday at 3PM?

Can do. I'll be toting heavy-duty camera equipment. You?
Sele
AOTRODB
Ss


‘Subject: Where I'm headed
From: shaka?
Tos hunter ise@nunternet ong

Tever told any of you exactly why I came to Haicl. It's time I did, since 1

ts of black people in
embraced by

ssn't make me fee! any

better.

The rabid bigotry of imbued like Jager. Apartheid's poster boy. has been back-and-forthed enough

that just his name sums up what's ugly and wrong about the imbued. But his disappearance from

hhunternet didn't mean that is attitudes wenc with bim.

When Tread in the Times-Pic that a 9th Ward housing unit had burned to the grouind, did't

think much about it. When arson was raised as a possiblity, | still sor of ignored the story. When

‘wo more got torched the next week and cops were quoted about "gang symbols," along w
story from an eyewitness who claimed people were shot as they med t0 exit one of the bun
buildings (autopsies were still pending then), 1 :o0k notice

Damn if didn' india "protected" sign sprayipainted onto a wall bordering the 9xh Ward.
Sal ae Oo 2 eexialo New ioe.

trying to hure this killer into the open. Didn't wotlythough,
‘What I did get was contact with some outof-owniers who were trailing a firebug/sniper named
Peleus, a nasty piece of work who, according to them, was supposed to be dead. Some
backtracking on their part had revealed him to be one more in a series of "corpse thefts" reporsed
lately in thetc home base. The morgue had tried to Gover up these disappearances because they.
"reflected poorly" on the medical examiner's ofice. Right. Whereas a botched cover-up was sure t0
‘win public confidence: Anyway. was thinking grat. not usta rogue, but a dead rogue. One who ows
one sgn tem, no ess!
The four of us, me andthe hee out obtowners, Set taps ior Peicus. To cut to the hear oft, he
kept sidestepyingtis — the mantis wily give him that — inal {finaly had him in my sights,
verally uy with targess of his own, cian targess, $0 Thad no qualms about shooting
im aie ic Yo alert the others — but Uhesteated. 1 had to
koow. Lused t looked normal. Alive. Not lite a rot. Through the headset,
implications hi
Peleus was gone
flr ny oendow ele A Pein: on tieowmn gun 1 as



Theol abuse rose fren the dr dst the rhtfthe
sexxpury al, ev whut caboar walls yleamang ike wepuhve
(Sader ight of thermos Joan ket the thon along the
‘Beeline road. hs fingers brating lihely agus the nay
fend of on ancient tated wire fence. Nothing wired ta ae
Kershoxacs weed choked yard. No lights shone fren the cu
feined windioms Shivers faced gy his sine, over the conde
fences tn his ar and scrom Wis dik, scarred cheek. The
‘Semicon wie som fee dhe Hera one he'd fk may tes
Rete Tonight would be the night. The meester wall cme

Jed gyed bent ih neni im ned
sxcroa the fell crouching
Icicle to the ren ch hone The alt fis ek Overat
faye like ven' wings ashe moved. keer weighed down
bbyummunstion ee cansedpeopune Heder careulceuncothis
smeapen ihe went om one eran tothe nex, mewesng cut
‘Soeruction n careful descr By mil-acrnoces he kee track ot
thow many pevple he'd illed and hic arena was exfvated

He hal toed the spent shotgun away in the runs of the
trokerage firm on Sth, The revolver wat 4 cold ump atthe
Ibe of is spine, ts cylinder caapey. All he had et was
or pace of wood, heli by laops hed sown sto che inside of
Ih cout. Someone on hunter-net gave him the ea to take
the back half ofa pool cue and tum eon a lathe, tapering
toadeadly point. The hunter drew the weapon from hus coat
tnd tarmed te plished surface in his called hands. +

Behind the farmhouse, an old bara leaned drunkenty,
pails and ember slowly giving way under the weighs of years
Besh'sold Volvo hadn't moved ance mowing Isalsat beside
the hollowed out core of an old acto nthe shadow ofthe
ben. The wercen doo at the back the rmbvouse was saghtly
sar The big Hitchen windows were curtained aed dark. There
seach attempt at pretense only rele slence anaccep ane
Sf the mevtabe shu approved.

"The hunter lipped from the shadows beneath che bar's
cvethang and crowed the overgrown fea ard hishikang hooes
fsrhing through the weak The old eq to the back porch
{gosnel = he tk them tw at stne an posed the chen
Eioropen Hedhtn thn how mucheime remind [ehadonly
teen an hour since suncet- The beat would soll be rclng
sStragling len how bay he'd been burt how many faith
‘Srvants had been burchered while he dep. in anther hou,
‘Pothap ile more what Johan had done would be lear and

—

the moeacce woul! know where to fin is revenge. Josbua Bad
tant dhen to be cern tha Beth was prepared The darkness
ejendthe kchen drgave himrrann hope thatthe ally
Lmbentood what won expected ot her

Joab wo already familar with the old farmhouse, and
the mowed cay and slaty through the moonlit rooms: AR
‘ol andar clock measured the hour somewhere in the
house, solemnly echoing in thevtllair Onimpule, he moved
‘onward the sound, down dhe lng, central hall and then eight
forthe entrance of the ple.

She was waiting for hin in athrenbore, oversee chat
setned tall window. A thin thaft of ulver nconlaght sipped
Ieween the heavy cetans and spied actos her bap showing
the wrinkles where her slim hands had wormed at the fabric of
her thre Dark shadows ng in the hollows f her checks and
teneath her eyes Beth was composed, quiet Her bead turned
ceversoilighty ase stood inthe doorway. yether gue seemed
fo pau tight through him, staring ae some dane, secret
horton. She was ot the same peron he'd lef only hours
‘eto. Only tie wuld tll what she had become,

"Ica me," he aid unnecewsarily, the long stake dangling
achisside- "i had a busy afteroun, bu is almost over. This
SS where you prove youre fossa held up the improvised
‘weapon. "Tllshow you what todo

"That wa when the creature moved. There was nothing
tohear Noching to see, Justa gus of cad air, hen Joshua elt
Iiscollarbone snap and be was hurled dhrough the airtorash
aust the heath ston gate

"The voice that filled the rom wat like an echo in a dat
see cop thanan ramon arcu inthe

words "No, ler me show Ys."
ek spa
Jodha ad unfed. OF coune, Ves Knew the danger beter
thas mow and tok cae tconcealher tracks Hunternetbelped-
‘She could pnt her weekly Jura ens ro he mang lit wich
allthe conadeable fey that Wtnes] and hs sls cou fe.

‘Overtime, though, she made mistakes Lite ones, com
sents Jeopped here anu there that were pnocucos taken by
‘themaclver Bot they eventuily aed up fora patient, atten:
tive penn, Jouhus had been paying atension to Veritas fora

time, fromthe fst joural entry she ever made, Other
‘ites requadel wichvirlent rants decrng her monster

EE HERE |

Eon
oa
selene ae aan
eee

epee
Soe yee areeeaees
mei aeteretere

‘By that time, Joshuw had narrowed her location down to
eetniazenyete yertetsae
Teeter ere ne aes
pieeeceice eerie
pope en ee Et
Saomieecamneene

Ir took three more days wo find her. Her regular journal
nner a ermine

cet eae neice

sirageitapeetetemrneeeel
ee neigeenneeaes
pee
Ruicterc seems
ge ie rie eee eae ca
a en Se
Soieetee feeanmaee
ped fly or
iene mopeemciecen
toes pcre eros ea
Siren eecieemenes
Sree eit
tight He knew tke a sgn from the Heralds chemselves.

bergen a Gh gelegrelne iene
ctrl uiceis revue iter
setae trea ec pata
Saupbicrmecaee

Spee lf pl om hn
een tects
wea ci emaeie as
pet Tele bla
Saco eee erent
Se ee

anata es eed
jameni cue eer

Sunt ial lente eanee
oes

‘The laptop chimed musically, ready to operate. She
soit rier

este cepa He ia ne
Lp ee
Se pe
ree oe ee aes
fee eererenls e ee

Spee aed ont i bs we
wai citebet ee ei
aac
Saeee tear

Teininge open inn
atime. Allittook wasa litie patience und the prccssfell intoplace~

sepceeten ies gereee
cee
eee

| a a ae ee

Joshua's smile grew genuine. "To help you."
err ey
eee
Se ee
ee
maiiioeien ners jeticupatie tate Hesiseiieg
Sona
gee er
cesta rec
See
Saeee
ope ae
etree
Se ee
eater eee
Sees
Jeunec a sete doer fom wane adr kilt pene,
ec ere
ee freee ey
(eileen pre r
re arene
Sera ence
Ses eet
oh eo
eaten ne EEE
toc ate earn aaa
per ere
peta
a ee
Sea eee
Sg oer
eer ane
eget
Scrat
te reece ere ete
ete oat
Se
semble. We are no beser than the vest of Babylon, and Apocalypse
Sue
Sola ean aE
sire coreeatmnmieas
eee eee aeneeenns
Rice pee
peice ae
simply as he could "We can become monster. How? I've thought
Spee
Siren ace
Ssemrerpra estate
Severe ee
Twas speechless. Bur, you know, it Brough everytheng into focus"
Fertitta
cera cones
coe eee
Serpette
Ee ee
Ranteneane a
es ea en
eee
ee ae
eee

a

[nc the aver Foret


oe a ai ie

hour cuside of town. With tht and the information she'd 0
‘arf econdes wn her ural, ws a sap matter t sal
‘Scarand ace her. Around eight that evening aca xiven bya
‘lier gendieman amived foe Beth at het home and amie het
toa walled exe ina well qutrolled nab closer w town The
-reature'shome wate afrtnan watched over by cnet. os
tnd human gues Joshua contd pst the cat

beyond a wrought ron gute. Allhe could do then was

femal co ane wm nc
(Sone here ale www ule a the ent
ie ef muy pte ese heen Sunt he pee
‘atcrlup wth ne ofthe fet eth wan wed pac,
Lovie belevlthat he crvomm the wee chi const wah
feel the census ctiew apres cull eened les
Srp ropa fan ela wd was cece: She had
[mere ance umber ot wqyeten ach oh ee
feat wae iss te ce ol dpe
cee: Dan ws eating tc the kab
Epcltclopen New eoyelt mya poh ett
{hei ne. enue her unweit the cre
contd og burrow due he Seen i face to bc be
Knew how much the beeved in dhe mex ct he cnne She
waniterihewarmert..miguided Heed ctherecaght
(Cheese hadallthe bem she ona hb bat deta
"Th sun crested the lle the east and bathed the room
tnrublv ight Hecouliemenberatie mhen he wosidhove
Scorn tacked Beth dws aod put fein ber Back then,
‘Fm wesent part of the "ou wese par ofthe
sblen, Bathe dfound a beste way, ate path Frthe
Est ume in what scmed le years be ft content
Jeune down che allandup Scared aie He
Inebodopen the coun dcr anf word nets teed Beth
Fle eet the nade ound. pened et eps and reamed
"Are you eady to begin" Jouua said
Ger cof my howe!" Beth eid, poling the cover to
her cn ane deaieg up her knees: She was paler thaa she'd
‘eenthe nighthefore Dark cciesstoodout ibe bes under
her eyes "Teal the police! {west to God
"don't want our you aploge for searing you,
tat you need enw some things
‘Se wok Sep breth corgomng Bene at het hard
smenblolwaherdedethraadtrhne Say tandgethe helen"
Joshua upped his cle esleting his though. To
nutter tm gangs whe ont od
tonite ping to help
For a moment Beth was dumbatrack. "No, no I won't.
‘And you can make me
Heshed "cul can, but doit war iteocome that
‘sma aneant tanith eae
‘meen een fe woul ream again beth
ede iiaptechmieerenmatey steal he
rvfar youn theca Tansee hao
Stag heckenyartedatare renter monte
Sedienerthan mine' What mone hrgheand yt
‘Sine Thank how erble the weal be
"Puron ome coches There's something want 1 show
you Joc wid
He wate ouside she bean chen edhe Sown to
‘the basement The body lay afew et fom the bottom othe

ee Reae —

sas pretcoutin cece thebeentsinge iht
"The elderly drver's clothes were aurmpled pile jst curse
the light, aext toa pile of bloodied instruments

Joab knelt beside the corpse, shaking his head. Beth
screamed and wreamed between boutsofsicknew. He watt
frttently while she goe (all out of her yer. He found it
foie that she could spend months with a lsving corpse, yet
eo affected by a maura one

"How old would you sy e was Fifty? yf? So lok at
swhaelhucltodotohum "Heshowed ber the marledhands with
the tran fingers then the wat part ofthe sll
were he'd he the diver with pipe "And tha wat ust to get
Fentehidyeuttum Ls right By that point new beacinghion
wnt wings et meaner | full bey out
Your cat and ot sme.
Unvectwcheurbesnehe bebe Does thatser noel you
Jeu wentoner to where Beth hele flde
seme wrapped tightly arcu them She rocked backand orth, her
‘fear haching wth sles tbs She sacked when be touche
bet her arm and agp her hard enh et ber
stenti"Lockathimn Lonkatkon Thaswhael making shout
‘Whar thee creatures do to people int htt dies Gi and
range. We hve top them: Don't you see? Don yo"
He had to shake her ro make cern dhe was listening and
heard what he sald She rally node Joshua ied reaching
coatoseroke Beth's hai. "See. simple: Once youths aboot
{tall makes perfect sense" He ocd and setched, checking

"Hifi talbm tl coukin get anything about his masters
lawroutofhim HeJdutell me aboutcertunconnections though,
‘nunca thet ae portant o yur Kemer erm ang
take themaway fomfuen. When he wakesup tonight, bel want
revenge. When he reales that his driver never fenuzed afer
eopping you cf, bell now where to come."

"The hunter took Beth's chin and raised her face to meet
his "Get some est Youll need t- And remember what [std
don't want €9 make you do what's necesary, but can i

bhave to [can be very pernasve

Themnerspiptgueed Tare wmanarng nfs
con: Hates that wile Bcd" bcd "Be
"Stop he creed, her bande coin ke cas
sia er face, "Stp You cal fe wrong
Serine maa ean?
Beth fl wo her knees, weeping ele, a Jun
realon thar she wan't ing oelp hin As dare honed
In arcumd hi, abt hin yes ad mae hes open 1 the
‘nce he'd red oar covey.
Tifcikeawindahing hein atorent olin
pouring on him ter Bath sek aan but tise

aural alate tose what
full nthe chet ever beeen

come over her He tookthe'
‘hariwwthalltheoce thatthe woman snl ody could mate.

‘When joshua regained consciousness, thecreaare'sboy
swavinpieces Bethhadfound acleavetinthekitchenandnow
Bot Be Heakcined pa aml the go, hcg the

‘Bloody Blade ther chest. eyesmet hers he saw no
fear. No doube She undertood a ast-

eae Tw 8 ike selon tone He

aati:

By Eo Hau, Mine Css, Apa 7 mworrHa) CHuck WIG

a ee eee

[a ee

Caos

Authors: Ed Hall, Mike Lee, Adam Tinworth and

Ghck Wendig. World of Darkness created by Mark

Reine Hagen

‘Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein ® Hagen.

Playtesters: Chris Coleman, Martin Henley, Mart

Helin and Keith Karabin

Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ed Hall

‘Hunter Roster Manager: John Mechan

‘Art Dircetor Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art Jason Alexander, Guy Davis, Vince Locke,
| Eich Olin, Kieran Yanner

Document Creation: Ed Hall with Pauline Benny

Front Cover Art: Tommy Lee Edwards

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney


Taste of Conrenrs
Provogue:Y HE PRODIGAL
InrmoDucrION
Carrer i: Cinos Y Heony
Curren 2: Meniod vo THe MaDaess
Cuaprer 3: F rienoty Fine
Cunrrer 4: Arrermart
Cunrrer5: War Knows No Bounds
Gunerer 6:1 ue Dogs of War

id
i8

34

Ls
J

68
%4


charged with fll
Job 418

Rear rie Wairewino

| Hunter Book: Wayward is 2 souresbook to help you
| developa beter undemtanding ofthe Wayward creed ats
tole in the world of Hunter: The Reckoning
| apwand is one ofthe two "lost" creeds, one ofthe mencali-
suet reparding and philosophies toward the hunt that oaly
fnow begins to emerge among the chosen. In truth, these
Spyarent lunatics and homicidal maniacs Rave been ston
Athce the fie hunters were imbued — and ‘even
before. They have simply been mistaken for manic, vessive
(oF tutderous hunters of various perspectives — people who
‘Tere mad before being imbued or people who have gone to
far in the hunt since. Lite did anyone know that these
‘maniacs are actually of likekind. Their caerebehavioe was
imprinted pon them as much ast wan determined By who
ret teal ehehem ‘Now, they have
‘weeping outlock on the bunt that encompasses mass
escrucion as che best and only means of freeing the world
frown the supemnatural, whether that means the end ofall
‘monsters —or the end ofan enalaved humanity
‘Ava Wayward, you are a tortured, beleaguered penn
and a aity even among the scarce chowen. Your imbuing is
‘aeentaly similar to that of other hunter in that ou a2
onronted by the exurence of monster and are made to 4
the tuth of the worl. You might even be awakened along:
‘de other people who alo respond tothe spectacle. Whether
{you know it or not, however, your change s fundamentally
Merent from those of other hunters. Whereas they 1°
sone her demic wes ser othe ale
‘ons thanks to Messenger intervention, dhey ae largely lett
to thew own devices afterward. You are not allowed that
Sfonlom." Rather, it seems the Heralds awaken you and
then never leave you complecey, assaulting your mind with
sights, images, odors and decrees that drive You to commit

Behold, he put no ruse n hs servants; and hs angel he

srocites against monsters, anyone who would aid them oe
anyone who sands your path

‘sifu hornfic compulsions weren tenough, youand
your kind te consent shown the exience of monster
"her your change. Your eyes are pried open and can never
Close — your ality to witness dhe corupeon never ceases
Scan dave you deeper inte madoess

Thscllonaae andenceningtaten scm te
Siemon af you tomeane tb the Heal wseior nd nitary
satus alway recounsing the enemy on binge
Pose ead tes ue Bat ea or al
wan mundshattr under the pressure imposed upon You
Items youte meant tobe a champion —to ake thei
{the things — bur you don't pomen the orc, wil or
{nsight to reurai the er rage and violence that wells up
vrahin you I explodes curward tough you a Wf youte
Inaphem aol nou master

‘Yourembeaceofcarage makes you pariah among yout
fellow hunters They dont understand Gat the death of

Lncgee scope to the war, shat any means jusify the end of
Liberated world. They call wou a burch, not aeldier. And
yet jou cant alwayy wage the war on your own. Youre only
Dae perton before & vant. Unnatural horde. AE tome povnt.
you tealize chat you must reconcile your mission
heed for help — or at lease that you must do ao a lang at
fotential allies are wieful, After that, they can be aban
‘Bined...ordspored of Pethaps this need to find allies even
Smug weakeminded mabued ia lngering remnant of what
the Messengers meant for you to accomplish Or maybe You
bre the weak one for stil needing to be social animal rather
than 3 dog of war


sian ete eames
eo alee teeter
Pee
Se ee
ieee ree e eee
SS ee
Sa e eees
Sa
without regrets. But your skills make your help invaluable
ee
ae ee
ee
Sayer
Sonesta
Sa es rp ee
eine ere en pe
aouiteermiaactaten aerciales
are the creed's unique powers and rules for roleplaying. For
See rien mieeeal fon ses
‘emerges; the two are inextricably intertwined, even though
Se ee
See
a es
Se eee
1 overtures to find each other, individuals with similar att
foie aieneen poeta ena
pa rag amen oes
Dee eae aaa a ten
i
Ce
CAR eo
io eestor
sere corapesten rater
ese ar receeme
sprees cae neers
ee or
Roe eee
' It's only after the imbued become fully devoted to orevens
galerie eee eed
Gores entra ins
See eee rere
apie peg be
{Selene nena aes
Sie eee
Sono tee
Sh per
eat coos cee ees

igen he Woyueed cheeetorreepese
stood. are of toc mayhem Nes thle

eens

cdgrsem to besarte chev o variow perc

nd personalities doem't help either. Once creeds as insti
‘Hons are nally acknowledged, the hunt may finaly gain
momentum it heeds $9 overcome the supernatural entire
Gepethaps such cumbersome and fractious divisions will
the hunts undoing. a tmbwed fall to infighting and polit
rather than opholding ther higher purpose

‘Waysrards' fractured existence makes them both pow
houses and patiahs among the imbued. Their amar
Capabilities allow chem to lead the way against monsters #
tonlly dhe hunter collective. Yer, dhe intensity and will
‘pest sacrifice anyone for the cause makes them seem |
Tike a unique group af chosen unto themselves chan like

| ee ee

members of am creed —hunters who've given
‘over othe Heralds whit and who have lost

Se
| SEES
SE
SS
SSS
Sees
=e
| Sea
SERS es
Sea
pita cr
feminetartoominnn

theories, information and ootlocks ex:

Spectnum of personalities across the creed as a whole.
ff these characters prseats his or her own take on the

concept ofthe way the world shoul be once the imbued
Broken monsters stranglehold on humanity.

fol and collective Wensity. Ate reading this
Book, you should have a sense of the imperatives and
Aexpuises that ivpite and motivate various Waywards. You

Tense why these people seek to destroy anyone ot
"anything whom they consider the enemy. and yet why they
Gane resist the command to be active and interactive
members of the hunter onder. We also hope that you're
Inspired to fully develop your charocters identity and
wales, to make his reaction to monsters and the hunt as
Compelling as pomibie

| How'10 Use Tats Book

ster Book: Wayward broadens che World of Dirk
fess as teed members perceive itand offers insights into the

Co peer bearer res om
‘understand your character and elaborate upon her,
‘Chapter 1: Chaos Theory explores the nature of mon
sters, the Messengers and huntees from the Wayward
ve, and if seeks to explain why theyre cursed
ord all other imboed
‘Chapter 2: Method to the Madness covers killers!
agro theircalng and how they cor ths tout

‘Chapte 3 eindly Fire describes Wayward relations
wich ther nace and how mach teraction weve poe
\Chopter 4s Aftermath presents maniac' nightmarish
soutags aneenieel ears necisigtpeeet.
"Chepore 51 War Knows No Bounde ofr oes and
‘ges tare special to Wayward and hat might even be
ceelable sods eases

‘Chapter 6: The Dogs Of War details newly imbued
Ace ho ar ready frp. This chapter alo protle cred
‘member who fave acquire omenbat amo repsions
Resources

Serge dt
circ eee
Suanas ee
og nn ieee
eo
eerie ae
eee
Sree ie
Sas ne nei
Spee eee ee
scatereeenie oeces
siti y
ith datinct compulsion to ill but wich
ete oe
spleen

fonts, they declare war on the Russian mob. Subitate
toni forthe mob and enate Wille, Dube
ncertainng but way over the ntand you'se
feta wory thar capcurs the enence of lunter and the
Warward ceed

Feral, although «e's abe abwurd, Groue Pan Blan
depicts mah geabracaphcalnmyind

represen
ways The clothes he wears ("Youlook lite a motican,"
Toner atiude — oh, yea and he' hiced killer Pus
that whole moral flexibility" he's pot going for his. Despite
his ens, he's ell a tained (and fsitly paranoid) assasi,
Hi tabs one victim in che neck with a per and then gets his
Ccnsupecting bes fend to help dpe ofthe body! When
someone aks him what he does oraliving. he answers, "ll
teen A Waprand aide (let viewed in «fino

2S Sa ee eaneeneiaeal

——


. WENN

fo


Thou shalt beh fromthe scourge of th
thou be frat of desertion when cometh

reir shalt

Job 5:21

Msanple 08-190. Male. Waite. Age 42.
perrrevayt faxes. iron behind
p Feasible epidermal malignancy

wnendjatour elite.
de {2 outgoing case.
= Wastes age 65-

and. Potential ined

prepared
asp:

Cutting tissue.
Staining with cilver aye.
Mounting tiere—

a jorped oT hewn er
set ba ard Hh Lad dal porter

Fogtrta boon Soran
sp oe ato
sel ak ee



seeroduced himscf at "Peleus" or Mayhem." Ifhe
ou, he may share a pamphlet that talks aboot
RULING YOUR LIFE™

ee
oeiten neva
Tl poco

Tdba't want to wear out my welcome ky fis
feniyone ele has seen the parapet I mentioned, 'd
interested to know about i

4

TSE oes
=a
Sie
a

Ths ln rane the 66 denon ha een ended

Re: "Mayhem

memphis

hunter lst@hunter-net otf

ato pull ny jaw out of ey lap afer I read your
"You could take the prize for hake of the year.

voebody elbe_of lacking backbone!
remember what Beother Shaka had to say about Peleus

ou might not give a shit sene cracker uses public hosing
Beearget peaceice, but | damn sure do. Soe nice tothe newtee.

‘Newlse speak yur pice Connahe nck cial inst

Aeresicarons

Tor hunter lut@hunter-netong
Frome tajinan220

abject: Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"

have been aed by Wanker what the meaning the ers
‘ezackes" [repo hat sheagd tt do wit vn tate
shanks this dos oe take cine ot consent. Mew Anon
Tot hunter. lat@hunter-net ony

From: shophet!25

Sabject: Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"

‘Sorry tt took me 20 long to get back to this stuff, but
there's this warlock [can't shake This bastardaceratohawe
tpade my personal misery hut hab.

Tinteratedinthinprengble [mention nse i appeas
votakaboushow Pele becrme coe fis That pac mat in

"=" Saran meer pig me ehaton
Siielptices ols Ttecans bow machoftr oan

carey aipolpaten igh le
thats een ded nce ute nal (och one Sg tat
tod estate prt & mining) kere MASE PEOPLE
ReLEYOUR LEE AND YOU ONT INOW rr Hes
Fate the GH Left the teed WHO ARE THE
CAS RROrLE LEARN THEANSWeR nsIbe AND
STAY ALIVE! My ew hate one wo the ot
peed woh Eh

‘ewtt yeu bly undead why Icke he
gharkcnaeimens aereaeeaee
Rant: dost tf When feat cers tae,
fete en ar eon ast eneeceerd
taped heed Hawt whet the etd oom

Tons piesa hs tae eelinear capa
youkare cantar ayobl lie Taste ey iaattyiat
‘remain secret. As a warrior fighting for our ald
Panag Sepesy eal

ered

Seep 06 Rape taps ech
Gil oan Wnt eae adc an fom te

ce
See
Scene or
peat

like "mardcrn itm
trent you Sct" The he caress py nr ff,

ato the round and ast starts wali on the Ey.
trom abt you but never heard one tras patriot

Hi
7

Ht

ib
i
i
t
:
A
i
i
i

srl pounding de edher gy wb cared might be dead
mf pty hg ene the Soden solemn
he py oa the tenor hea cect
Thnk O sit a's iled hr! Bur te guy al
{eamsce hs nck il crocked Noqueedon hb neck broke Bt
Ie wthc dana ain tat baer commer ane jst we?
scop: Now Vin pting scared and jot go mes! Newt ting E
tix loking dow orb king pate: And best
aging No ects One eye secled hur Bot arma broke in
2 couplet places Just lnahing, Oly ne the
(Gunpe bers to next pees)

fy ahi south ne i
‘is oth like be had ate recorder iin hee

itt

hrouh

a SS |

‘Nell white man was that attach fan as beating back fs
His lips doo't move "This dead voice is talking to me
fron this dead boa that had been alive five tiwtes ag. And

(Atte boom ofthis page. a ier pe facet 9s)
WHAT SHOLDYOU DOT =
"There ate afew things | wont to comment on hee, but
Tals want to get thie stl ut there or other to se: Pas
feel the need f check my doom and window aga.
"Tos huneeeiia@hunternetone

‘Subject: Re: "Mayhem "Peleus"

"Again, Lave to wonder what the point ofall this
| Is this the worst "evidence" you have? The man was in
'

theheatofthe moment Are you tyingt9telluryou'venever
‘done things you repreied in the coune of fighting these
thingy! Cur him some sack, Shopet!

‘Don't youbave mote imporans things to Jo how Ido.
‘Subject: Re "Mayhem" "Peleus"
From: memphioes
"Tor hunter ne@hunter-net. org

‘Tarjnan, crocker areas crackers do

DU heard thi fella Lmagh exe that night when they
showed the ~~

"Iynching picnic pictores frm the gon old day and he
ddateound hag
>the way this voice sounds. This voice sound ike a
nigger lughing

An ugly sounding too loa nse lngh.
"This prety well win them up, In case you don't know,

i

wormage
| SEs
»

lain the USA at one tine. They were sold
Kile tose somehody get trong up or worse. Then they'll
sail for the camera withthe corpac Banging next 9 them,

Whoever azote this pamphlet does'® know the meaa-
lng of the word ualy.

Jovit

male cdecisens T Aesed orl trvad ot rach the
rap hag sere tick Thor sacra teh A Sess t a,
acs that A has to bn Destro 1 ted Greg tact
he tometir tat Aepead wate me. He mens

a

sel -aseap wry, Poca Yin the metre, T bres che y
ry mar Gad T heres thet T Sad to get 1d ob my
Tgp the rect few bears plrwwrg yet fea to do

Lt mez Guest lanpbiy acy. tipped wo Sed,
scbndin co Yin compute ord hard tim rave A
Creature Fm has gpeartmerh tao dope eon Tt wes 4
tytodec mach et cur covtect detdhoe orl pk spc

Mea Sdy ply pope git th ok.
The cxty sunston Z have wat the bat T do re
thet T tae Se itor tas tot onlay
prorated ipoantoryel ps bf
Mal tha ble bgt fora?
ede iencnenmaoendi my
Wace the woe are rae Yor a
be rropilicvpeteid pg fd pee sages
eaetcenlat vale ett a sos Rat ato
Ghat A, me ebtad Lt con cotady qo trun vert f
Jovi
Ett OM, Tine fT iad Hoes acs 4
PI ide toe eS Sarin or
We Faaap te Lala ha pend Denret gy
Meith ky ted oe easyer
tenures
Gets 2

"a sorry. I'm trying to get 8 ertp
Like is wasn't se. Please help =
Te "s been a week» Lean't gphone- Zbaven't be:
‘back to the houpival- I baven't bees to clase. I"
‘Seen squatting. Hasty, pateridden alleys. Ti:
scoapes. Wherever. I don't know if thie ie rea
Want "2 rong eith ne? Sverything's breaking apar

I eleaned up the bodies before Z even ipew ub:

hospital. Then I Beare it again shen Jam
started southing oft to Kendra, just before
faog. changed. Rigat Dexore it Looked 14k
don't knows 4 Fed stain. T beard the words aga,
Shen Tout bis, yadra tried to atop 36
Déton nit me i (aod Z heard 18 ages:
‘Taen ay hands were around her throet.

‘Teo nights agoy I sax sometaing I can's explas
Awall of Se ineide a paom chop. Th ppwe waa oo eve
Geameel. I couldn't turn anny. Tut's wben I bea
‘Sf again. "CANCUR IH Tm SYSTIN." Teny showed tuo 29
‘Shoving sone Diack gay L:80 a police oar. Ove of &
cope locked rong, the way xy son 444. Be. stuck ox
Tdan"t know how ¢ise to vay 1%. Like aajte a shad
‘coan cnray? Then thie reporter intervieeed some hig
School teacher about a snocting that baypened
Teylectomn. She Looued wrong, too- Toes there waa
comercial with this gay selling tootapaste. =

—_



tet acapella
| Steet ecentiernetenacines
ba parsbens oairioeg slip
Lhd ta cet a
er soa eee et pote
rey erect esrb pepaare)
Rela Poet ahi kp pore belo
Fore ey eet rhe ate]
ES opp a aime neh
Stace cin ur Thnk Ooeecr
rede Coding ewewaeas
Pree pty 8 or Cooney
1 Sori
eet al tu ery ep Od Trady ote
that? Odd I do these theres?
Goal balp ty Lime meal it webct cor Th? "eer meget
nord fae Meno ptgeh wad? T can't de teat, I con't
Ppt ieee rand nre rea te
eathsteu owen awhedsit tee
forts per enprnraptnsi gare
T can hag mnyseit hack 40 redity ore Fenget

Janeu Teal well. Oot bin started,
"and there 18 was. Thad found the one who xi2led
wy dons Tt took a Zou weekey bu

Likes then to drink his. Pays then for it, don"t 7.

a Bt tbe cope think 7
"a murderer. I don't Shink they oan see =
Tove, 1 know T couldn't ove is before. I ave
Hollow ay instincts on this one.

Pire is the great consuner.

Drecunerons
Subject: Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"
From witness!
‘To hunter lae@hunter-net org
elew/lleyman222 hasheenestablshed already (andcon
geen banned) asa fener whe descend several member
‘Sram That erases cline re to leave ham.on the Durer
fenbued tbe aval Pins by Saka4 ave ther inet
‘hae Pele! ova harm people abst and show sg fr
(x ethase arama n Peles pt at woot, Theater wa paved
fe Beyond any doute by the rac and inflammatory bgt
‘Blleymae used to vecbely seule Caie247 fe menehs 9g
‘Ofcoune, by vie ofbeing banned, Alleyman222.cane
efeod amsel! against any actnations made bese. Likews
‘SSisln74remaine MLA and cannot ofr any amplification ol
ceatier ports. Neither of these stuntions tubes me mac
Rowever. Again Peleus own bchaviorhere confirmed hit
cractlywhat othershaveporeayedhim as abgotandamene
‘To: hunter LiseBhuncer-net.org
From: shophetl25
Subject: Re: "Mayhemn"/ "Peleus"
"Aga, Peleus behavior here confined hi tobe exact
what ochershave portrayed him a bigotand amenac
Exacely what Ive heen saying. Sory, I was unaware
this "Danger List of yours when I fie posted. I'm going'
‘omalimb here to ask but since the information on that rat
offers no physical descriptions of the individuals listed, bo
fe we supposed to know in a face-to-face encounter th
‘were dealing with a dangerous person?

War Journat
Eerey Oxr


= ae

dried up Like raisins. They were fixtures on that
porsa, sitting there every night after diner,
Feeding to us. They wouldn't mix 4¢ up or Tie Like
(Gar teachers did in Sunday school. Words straigst up
Fron the King Janes. Talmays appreciated the honesty.

‘Tae Old Testanent was aluays the noet interest
ing, and is alvays spoke to me. God didn't Dick
(Around. IE he sew a ci87 full of sinners, be put the
Foun t0 the question, driving it deep into the Barth
Gnvil all' thoee agaizet nin were dead, gone or
converted. He sent plagues into gypty never
Felenting, never letting anyone ak for Zorgive=
‘esa. Joa inn some would Dever ove tbe Light, even
Sf May oad hey Eid. They bad bo bope of saving
Gheaselves, ad God did then the greatest nexey a
could by destroying thea bezore they wunk ary deeper.
[Hwan fustioe. Precise. Cleans Unyieiaing.

i don"t know if T believe in dod. 1
wasapering to ne They Talk about justi
uncer. About worde like setastast
Sasors. Ie this God bis ange
conscience telling me' the truth tbat
foo naive to understand? Puck if 1 know.

Want 1 do know 4 that the O14 Testanent God
understand his. His actions are clear- Ris
judgnent iy righteous. I see the position be was
putin. Ts's bard $0 be above the moral linits
Df otners. ‘ustitiable, but 4isfioult.

Taxenon Fart
Subjects Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peles"
From: bookworm
‘Tor hunter lae@hunternet ort
Fong me face suspicious, Shophet, butt looks to
sme av if youre aking for some kind of "most waned it of
Cir more unorthodex colleague, Never mind the endless
reasons why such a ‘would be a bad idea (though the
SScuricy cf the lit s worth mentioning). You probably dont
Jrhont dt west on bere involving
penta deal cr poiing ingen
ihe as pencnally moetwated. Do you
otdeome glee againe Pelt that we should Know about?
Forget about the ZO. Forget about the mud people
>Fonget about The Children of C
I ge the white aupeemacta jargon here abour thes
called' "Zionist Occupational Government" and thet
‘ico bel tha nonwtes were formed in some ape:
‘nphal manner cute of tical creation, bor who exactly
Me"The Children of Cat" supponed tobe! Teould noma
{nly wo much ofthis befor ay umbuing. when Thought
monster (how fitle knew).
"coming acon the pra in that context

don't remerh
Folly, speaking of monster | vaguely recall something

froen Shaka?4's pont about Peeve that ragweed this man
Ihave died and "come back" Can you bed any ight on tha!
Tor hunter lse@hunter-netong
From: wrath?5
Subject: Re: "Mayhem"/"Pelews"
"ridiculous hele chat nonwhites were formed in some
apocryphal manner outude of bblial creation
‘Actuly, the real nonsense 4 what scientists would
hhave us believe about "everyone" being descended from
Abicans Thar no more tur than the theory of evolution

Painfl thin forme to ae to point out t0 90
ookworm here mihi apocryphal about the separa
reaon ofthe ces ee rh chee tn Oxmen 126.
‘Ade, >who was White, does mot appen until Genes
2:7. Bre, tho war born of Ad's body and >eberctore
‘White dow moe appear until Genes 232
‘Sinisa the pple cronedin Genes bert
cshertanihe Thea theo thatGrelb eta
Sd mag" (Gene 128) whch ey thy caus
Whinin ne wort orenllandvalesonin he US Neve
they eee cra ae en lo rae of en
‘Teed Rel One and Evi a ere al
sc the dee foreen the fot. Tene wea rade
‘Stn athe tvrte ler che dem we ute
Even the Jews copie thi diinction in Craton
Sabjects Rac bl by the hockeddond
From: messes
Tor hummer ac hunter-netong
Wrath hist rexreme even or yeu, Dyoubeie
this whiteaupremaceycrsprmyclogy when we work
together Think hard, Beno Udon think you gid
Ternember that we ged to dagree onthe nibs of tac
tot aii the need to pa oem you onthe woe
Mayhem wrong. Manbe It gored the wor at
cf what | Knew wre tere You Mayo your oudook =
theaye thie pond.
Scbjeces The Third Sim pests
Tor hunterinhunter-netorg
From councS66372
"As predicted by che Propet Foor ia his bok #
Seon Ae Trae he pacing of the Altiesn ctineat
hand The proéishre
"Tor hunter lat @honter-net ong
From shophel25
Scbject: Re: Mayhem "Pele
SEven the Jews recognise this dincion in Ceatio
"Tha Jew recognise thar you il of tht
Yar gen 9 cnt Kt: bd
Cheatin teching exsemrenonet
Sfoske Dee gin costhat meng 1 Stine ek
Tei yur ben area Sana od wh Pe
Speaking of whom, Boskworm, yen, U have a grad
agit Peles and hs Lind. His kind ope the Nas den
‘Sing running ls kind burned the oes of Hack fam
inthe Jealel night Maybe you think {wang per
then {called hn a Na nue you {wou not
Tarbes thernkct adele neve fe
Amer cau ring sree ate pe Pee
fru aceher man help fm were i there bat hey appt
{Shave sleady urn me change rare)
Tey on Texpencnced dey Treble ay
‘Wha ware m penny outing bce eer
drt. aden inj afew minutes Ikeda
flngn horn nowhere Arc hen edb wee allover
prt They bnked lc drowned ware Mon pple ered
ot ce ming dene aout them. Then tt chance
Sian! Thoth ered deme no ewan
Shen weepne rena mys myelteschen are
Tawomecnethunkragin ti weer anirntoht. ewe
ctanimhcpn snfiwewainemroneelimabandeh
SRevoueeapelinmyean fel BEWAREOFNEEDRL

a ee ee ee ee ee

i back to dag othe
mand when be poe close

not about the
As looked up the thing nabed forward again. The
Tater. At the sme,

ihe west place insight andi
Eren hand fo the miper wo ahooe

red hearing stories about them
gd that afternoon. But that

Tent to the pa
got onto


place £411 of people who seem to cee the sane
Gninge 1 do. They asxed ne fora nane. I thought
fsbout i$ and called ayselt God. We Bave & lot in
Somnon, Me and Ie
‘Rae people on the site confiraed what I've
"rae

Folks seen to be on the sane page. I iike that.
‘he notion of solidarity sounds good to ae.
Toe others. their opinions vary and they

fbi out out the taint, we oan be a Zone

aveep. 2m looking forward to thi
Emm Tne

Obeurvations: Zombies ae afout tarets to
cirate. "Trat healas are Sapdie of uttittardhry

malignant and danaging, spread iast. Taey corup
Eearby cella, oreating their out Dlood vessels
ised thonselves. Taat's the aetastasis of th
capoer, By the bine a patient bas spotted a tuor
$7 "Scuaily too later Caner 4s typically 4m $8
worst stages at that point, and 18/21 Lixely

[nthe death of the hoot. Nasors are ltinatel,

Sederetand why they Denave that vay.
aybe the sonsters are like thaty

ay son. Like the pusher whe Tuised hin. Lib)

Kendra, a

marked by At.

Boy dia. t dian'

too late For B
T suspect that once they were Like ws. Manan,
How T thisk they just. wear our skin. Senet
sonenbere, corrupted thea. God. The Devil. I don"
Emory bat something 414. and nov they'5e 4tzcerert
Groteoque reflections of us. Malignart. Just Lin
Sancers And they groxy Debind the scenes, avay Zot
hat ee normally see. Their musbers ovell. The;

Six teachers Litled. Thirteen students

streets, unable to,reneaber. But T do reneaber:
Yoan't Lie. T can't just pretend. Plus, I ave
‘ot a "histologic
Tin the
fezyhow. I'L Let
‘End be a vurgeons
Dut I think T learned some very important
things before. Like tunore. Wast's « tumor? iat
does it do? What dove st want? It ctarte vith «
surge of abnormal tissue grovih. It oocure withot
prediction, sithout reason. If tends to sxnibit
terrible capscity fer grovth, and this growth
fe often exenpiisied in cancer. Cancerous tunorsy

~_ a =

Taat pusher vas just a anal part, « soleoule,
Me turned ay son against ne. My son turned my wisi
Against ne. Both bad to be severed rom the bod)
So save the good tissue.

Yast procastig the won't erduy, od Z wanted to 9}
in cexrtect wth hin Gast Scare LA. Servby obabn't to
Sirwvread. T way have 6 pram orn toy ark
‘Sut

August 29

‘Sophy Cap a He wes essed ond reba cx a
wel hed amare Merrwreawulearenens

gels tua fles thar wera apr al ch

a peice Sepa ton cre wet dg ae

hast re ters war thy Yel ein the ofon
H cted od cred rd rad. bcs rr paca were pe}
Be, eected, Sova cre ray Head waging Shed

—_


en tet nestle argh pd tre by hr
Tes or, fon ood fn ready ppd

(Ata while 1 tat wes gag to her ogiah

Bet stony of te pica otter Tp to Gr het

a ad a tee ras = cle

i hapt com back To re Scmmare sn roy to rome Willams ms peta tha ne, but eed
JSctn ete Sony eS MUST OLE, than the FD areal eget to erie hi

pL got op, wart rte cy rm, pear

 iaely oA se dae to

Dkr too trae

ase crecres mt he stn Ery ore of thas

Zdinst wort perp ha Sandy to sober bar # xr

who exactly are The Children of Cain" suppoved tobe?
Seer. Feat to reply to this quien ey ase pt got
by ad memories "The Chuen of Ca who whe

Jew When they renccallngthem mene in
As ora Pee "eth And remeron no lng

to make of Saka and argued about that very
Wht | uleimately decided was chat whas he guy books
$0 our way of weing makes no diference. His soul is sil
to uman watering. The baveard pure evi
"Sebject: Re: "Mayhem "Peleus"

From: bookworm's
Tot hunter lst@hencernetoeg

That's quite a ey. Shophe.

I'm guessing it most be hard to think that you owe your
Me to somebody who would take under different circum
‘ances, jst on "principe." How do you account for hima not
‘hooting you and the woman whale you were both in range?
| ieee

‘Tos hunter lueBhunter net.oeg
From: ploeS6
Subject: ALERT

"Headsup, people! The federal wites are buzzing over this
‘op killing in New Orleans. Looks to me like the guy they
Srang to question one of us, consider ourselves warned
GAN seems to be covering the incident exhaustively,
Subject: Re: ALERT
From: hookworn55
Tor hunter lur@hunter-netone

I'm posting a version ofthe story Pilot refers to Ifthe
suapect im question is who I think he is, have veal trouble
Felieving he could doa thang like thus

>>New Orleans cop i

victio of Iynch-illing

Mayor requests investigation

by federal agencies

Ihanging fon a tee in a remote area aloag the Miss
River. Mayor Hani Hallahan sid the Justice Department
plane co investigate the eime av "an act of racial terrors"



As the whirl paseh, so the wicked no more be the
righ san everlasting founda,

Proverbs 10:25,

to. It vas bezore wy
Tent for a oottes sn thi
fan old Airstrens. I've ¥%
Se good 4s talen in suall doves. One cup helps
he synapses fire just a little bit quicker.
Higat ‘be the Aifcerence Detween Living and
dying. These things can be
Fractions of seconds. Ho sore than two cups
Though. I don't need to be ansious or fitters.

t sat down and 1 omy er.
ain waite gizi, juppie clothes. The kind of iid
you night see at a sail, giggling with ber expty
Beaded friends, Her Bair vas stringy, thoughy
Tike she hadn't washed is ee and ther
Tsan 48 — the sbadow. Tt pai
f shadow. Inside of ber skull,
She skin, was ancther face. Like « puddle of of]
mite eye

The girl ate like a pigs Taree plates
siready lay around her table, aii exeared With
She renaine of pancake ejrup and ple f212ing.
She va working on a fourth. shoveling. tt
looked Like Bath browns and xetobup nto Ber

mouth with her hands. Grabbing fistrule and |
(ransing then into ber nouth. I don"t ever ti
she cbered. eatiefied iittie
era
fre things ost there. their appetites
ras T oan Yells Sone need blood. Others,
Like tnis one, are stuck with aninal bungers.
Tt ddegusted ne. 1 felt nauseated at the sight
of ite
I oat down, ordered my coften, and watched
sintehed ber
© plate of oreaned
yoing doun the

chipped bees. I quese she was
Bemus I called over to here

Hex head jerked ap. She said, "kind your ou
usiness, Duddy," and I could hear something |
Like another voloe Denind Ber own in the last
few words. A man's voice. Deep, thick Layde &
Southern accent. I wasn't sures

T2014 her thet I wanted to talk tomer. toa 4
her that she looked hungry, that T could take
er soneubere she could eat all day. Her eyes
went wide, but the thing behing her face narrowed
Ste om 40 elite, As st stared suspiciously, @
piece of potato bung {rom her chix, It said tat
{4 bad enough food: Taat it wanted something

| ee ae |

—_ §=§=—S—ess—

something more. Then it asked me want Z
Gould offer ate
Anything you want, T said
She sprang up out of the ooth and wiped the
ood fom her tase apd sat dorn across from Be
She grapeea ay bands and a cave of sicneess
T dign't vant to ontoh
‘ere protecting me

anything. T hoped the voi

She grinced, her teeth eneared with Letebap-

rou got * she asked. I don't zor
+ way, bat Frodded. The girt giggled, and heard
aes ‘again. She started pulling ne

out of the booths

fas Shing took the ast thoes down a itty

on the tabi; taken froma creature &

‘and hoped hat would shat

‘and I ied the thing toverd
‘the corner ard

T stepped behing a dumpster feat etanx of
8 carry. I quickly knelt down and waved the
thing over. Tt Looked confused, but it knelt down
Rext to ne and started Zreaiing outs It
+ That it wantes gizis, that 4t aay pot hav
bat st could still taste. In the middie
Farting, I put & finger to my lips. The thing
Silted {te Bead at we Like a confused anieais T

part

"I heard cron a ow feet aways
Teere was & pair of eyes and a ealtmand-pepper
yard sticking out fron 4 pile of rage and rusbishs

ard

‘Then I ran, adrenaline coursing through 2+
E asd welt

One girl, taker

by something. Sone possessor. But how sould T save
‘ber? I bad no other tools than wbat =) sind told
tito do, Ho provedare {anor of woald renove tht

4) Stink dros ber soul. My options were Liat
‘he Boneless wan-? Foor bastard, the alley waz
probably the only bone be Lner. Sonevbere alone
‘the Line Z expect he got t00 close to the monsters
‘apd wound ap of the street. I had to kill his.
‘Biecase spreads Zast. I can't have that. I's bere
Yo dan the siver, sot usher it along. I's not
willing to couproniee.

‘Tat thing in the girl vas ay seventh 1:2]
The aan, ay siete

Bo. That's not entirely, true. She as 1
ninth and be was ay tenth. It's wrong to negies
‘by fanily like that. 1°11 never forget the!
Saerigion, or what they Sauget me

Rerupiarions

‘Subject: [no sbectl
From sohdier91
Tor hunter list@hunter-netone

{did noe kill Samuel Culp. Bur Iam responsible for
deck sn of oa hadnt se ting fore youd
‘exactly where am —on the run. That'snothing new form
‘What I can' sand i having my brothers and sisters at are
‘believe that could do what the news all bur saying Idi

"This goes back to my friendship with Shaka7 Becau
the was my friend and because he was a black man, dcan e
You om my heart that { would noc have done this thi,
‘Noclike thi, anyhow. I could never dishonor his meta,
that way

Before | knew his, Shaka realised that cops — soa
core "ig his hometown wer comupt thing Be
puppets. Slaves to fangs. He didn't underseand ical
Fire, but se wat obvious soon enough. He took pictures
them, because that's what he did before. I didn't kno
fabout the pictures uncil a couple months back. I four
them while | war looking for ammo in Shaka's ston
ocker' So there'd be no doubs, he had drawn out sign
poppet over each bad cop's image. The man was a wuat
Siti a telephoto lens, believe me.

‘Theought all the photos with me, even though I figure
most of these guys woukl have been taken out Fong efor
‘now. Shaka's Been gone fora while

Turned out every last one wat still on the sect ¢
manning a desk at tome precinct ot other.

started tailing » few of them. not because Thad at
teason to doube Shaka's jadgment (or the tine I could «
hidden in each one I saw), bur because I wanted 10 see pro
of chese guys' complicity with the enemy without any "et
hancement" I sil have nightmares about what I saw.

TTollowed two beat cops named Devereaux and Jones t
the sume landfill west of town on two different occasion
Both times, they drove into a huge shed where I cookin
fellow without tang ser, Noshing i thee poy ob
scriptions made it Took like they mon
eicialineine mietiet aa peered
‘them gong there, Pls, they went tothe place coward the en
‘of thet sh, inthe dead of night around O400. I decided ¢
do sakeout, 20 I managed tobe waiting for them the ne?
‘ime they visited the place. [was ready. Thad a good view ¢
the interior a fiee-encape winuiow that had been Paiste
gp thal come reared nda nthe gos ath
bia poate cer wer wee gg ch

Toads for sorting and stu Jones and Devereas
Seatmcesctroee Ong cnonoptncd ce tra oft
ruin and pulled out a body

"The dead guy pecbably looked 2 lot younger and moe
innocent than he had in fe juseby being dead, but he seeme
like a kid 10 me. Like somebody's teenager who ought fob
at ome sleep inotead of being deagaed out of the trunk of
ar lke diy faundey

Da a a es te


[a i

sman who did this s [CENSORED] That's how I knew he
‘ras for real. Whatever his name really. He's dhe man
‘Tho Killed that policeman
couldn. Noe tha way.
"Clarence" youte reading this don expec 50 much as
the courenyofs"Goodoye able" ome fs youll you.
"Attor thereof you, believe what you want. Those who
now me, know won't be back this way mga, #0 vis com
[Dior to anybody who ever had my back.
eval udm, tw lave

two be able 1 look at
‘Subject: Soldier's post

{ From: witnesst
To: hunter lise@hunter-net.org
| removed some physical descriptions from Soldier's
‘message. 'm taking no other action against hic at chs tie,
i] is clrcumeancer Ihave warmed hi, though, agaist
‘uch indiscretions, which you ali know are not

allowed here.

Geriie Your Beanincs

Ged Frere me, let this 9 ob stat to mba Some
srt ob teen. Ihy eps have baa Oparad te the
conuphon i tie wid Geurd me. T can sete dog
of ¢ Soe wtaet sry ony, ood than TY 0 too
© divas thoeg teh ee trary hte
Cid ey tat 066 ad tof tam jst by tacks
of tha the shed owas ce Go obras exception
fra of the cAbare dah Ling ede ent ehtert te
estaate tes tarred cat Yo be redved tp Sometiors
Pasty. re even cppeared 40 ba, ood con't labore
tg ts nbad guess you ud 2 & voopte. Tt ory
Came at ot rapt Eh dros bed. Gt thal s rercerce,
Baad Seis de ab Ses ond il er Sn
Tre ge pigs wate ot
ihe peel te Sake cet Ta
I) Ebit Seal ta tet, trans At fost be Te
tcchen ii rigfvare 6 thet mole caren, Te wchan
Spades at wcsse rthar than batter. Meveters, toe
CET ET otc tiny ua ed
of rat etichy wd tom SAreats. Hexenser trare deat
Beard ba marth dade on oy mod tt tase tres re
Wed or tare srl i, THs etry Scarstery
tia fark of wy g me, thet there red,
pha doopres td that tray Fare to be dal wet
Theyre ref Va tha. storit, theash "Tray dn
ttc Seite) teat of be recites fn meus =
& tha ores Tn saan bare "Thoyhe bare, 9 Second,
Ala encrget uy fndey heen ut, Honor they merge 18
SR Fl 9 a bch tora, More ft
Semathwrs t do wrth these aces T saap hariy. Mophe
‘hagie Chath me Some te dcaptin tamara Zed
Goad herd to tacaph, Tange the manatee car Bet,
feu end sma Tod Pardes 4a tat on was omy
bead, eSpecchy wer they saurd 6 A tha mg mam
cae these jt my mird trying to come 40
dem rDechel Lie ten Sole goate Lt eles

————

Be thers Tye card See Tate 3g
fer the Boo ovenat Eratahs t's deer, Endy
one see cha, Cory Ab of my bea creas ck ber mt

to destroy A, to wie 4 Home tre bce ob toa carte. Tt
Weias wey durce of od E tare to cartel the ung

ee. |
weittttee er
re eee |
peer eee
eerie ae
See Ea ties oe sete
cron orr as
Bin eae el
Speier re
Gorrie Equine
Sane envams
Sacre ern ieente
‘nach hats gobs Arrecdiiccae binge Yon apa
(pale opniperlenta Seer
ord thar ware the gt on ir tin Whohary ond yeaa 0
Abeattad Eocene
petaie ee acee
Fae eee
poedeed to ik ory cocuperts, regen
Re ceca
piconet ane
ise eo
BED ee cee |
pony semana |
Eeetg bamerds
poe eters |
sim ares
to get batl of same gare (whit
ies erate
rwrwmite but vet timate cokers showee. fae |

Taap Sre oe thm oe tm garg reed bee aie
2 Seelling deat hes souct poser ord thet
Sgr teal dae Pega raft eating basicly

stored tery casper im
Des eregh geass shooting bans pin, 4
aE Sal de fe hay 2 slide Bolg
"a he iy toy te on hg
ange ota tg od 19 in Goel tre
proline tat & lage ro tal bow to detect Tie sot
Riogh ploy nant fp tet tohadieg scopes one:
Sled wes Wa ovpuly doe on the strech Con Tres
8 Gia ot petit tet con tee Tass thre? EM

CBSE punto tas ov cece kh toll

Salads bo voy ry mone
Pe a pnaeg egy se |
oat Lee searin tha tet Fam wees, Hhewusp Yonre &
deed patatlas ran ttor covet foal ona,
Pawan raccc ty ee

"eWNoaicoy 2 cases
mar ing ioloy Sesh came
Siete nte a on agp ted revi

r oe

Bream, Beh Lin lel oe lind otha
EF Rime eteleds

whet Dh
Saving ots

fared

Di i cere

a

here. Zé there's ore thing tock my cbidhces) uppity $00 fucking anaze for their goods They

De as quston yan tovhy, chorcat ae ure  sertaisly wouldn't wart uo $0 stop paying thes
tag sates L45 criy wir gus Stop we grg art Yadeny Wola they? BV nukes Us feed besver About

pute ov rad tab ourselves, oo we turn cur eyes smny fron the

His my pest thats euorg me 4o sue these atrooities that go on around us. Monsters are

Fic dtin wed tsp edélarert mart) Wadok 4m all these places. I've seen prieste who

ekare, Moshe teats cowed ma to bruh cit cf tig, wate Wrong, PoLsbisians who 1028 Z414by- Bodoey

ie heute wsaiycra ace. For toe toe borg, 30 power can be trusted.

4o bare do wash on tha exnerpin toad Te

Pdlp heherd wnmy bur od comcardrate cx
Its voter Toon mer exsabts, Prhepe my Sse

"puting a2 the

Pa anaes

seen to do their Susinees at night, waich
‘hey have an advantage 2 we're asleep.

he Listie shinee they
ed ue astray, te don't
Seed So tieey that michs ve also don't need to
Set what they tela uss Dhere"s too mich foot Se
Sisee vanianit matrition pyraniés, Too mich f08.
Goo many cursonyératess Stait to Lerp car sce"?
foe tie our ances are glued to fucking chaise where on urway har caudd 4a to tour seth
Gourery of Zat people is wat ve ares But that's" hy mancry epees we hagrrviny Yo become
Seat they want. A singie manne being ons live on seriole;probiat Y suspect time sort of hostie
Sthut'os ecrthingve''cpneted toma thire nftaret ig ef gorks it's pops teat the
Se sieen

Savy heey us asleep, toey keep us tat and tae} She tenets bm some wroy fadty. Hower, bar
‘keep us slaving away during the day at meaning- the time toss irwotved, of doas ret seam to be
Tees jove nadie tony oit An their gotdann glass mp efbactirarass,Seahirg ad wont bay

Web of ide
ut shat
oral fence they oan bat oil tat tres ee cer
outa; in sur places, 40 Zenuin waited up bening the
Deleus of morality. The government, keeps us us. Tam wary of mung cortact dhe Yo the rise
Ander ta thumb, naking sare we don"t get 00 fomycunsecutly, S18) ive opened delogse wth

| ee a ee

= |

oie eer! sans eee ears

rad Re ecaplwen wbrorts

tery, ay seam Sen fo Be ne ere Ty het
Tay copeer Teal tiese
Grose Re Spit lng
itch of rend Mem cheot trots Tie oy Shots

hat stam to cause Sayvhcerd showege ot
ee to the hatd, which wre aébeuit 40 pal

Witroglycerin, for 4 Simple to
make. Some ueediiiier, a few car batteries,
Giyceriz soap. Chlorine gas ie just bleach and
Gaiosia. I've learned how $0 make ay oun
Bollow-point bullets. Explosives out of 11458
baibs and sailboxes. Napalm sron Styrofoaz
and unleaded ga. I ee] line © sponge, Like
‘by brain Se Lining all this inforsation up as
following it Like one Big fucking recipe. I's
getting information is the sail on hor to make
Sy orn plastique. After that, © guy oa

Bac plans for a snail tection] atomic
explosive. It seens drastic, but I'm begiz=
Bing to understand the need for severity.

9 ee

| ee eee

found a better way to dispose

ave that, eapecialiy 42 tbe
‘unnatural. The bodice need $0
mich is ubere the acid cones St
Myérofiuorie acid. sate thréugh Tucki
anything. It attacks the caleius in
Aicsolving feo, It's quick and 1

Subjects Re: The Third Sign appears
From: dsideatlS5
‘Tor hunter li@hunter-netong
>As predicted by the Prophet Fyodor in his book 1
Stories Ate Tro,
Inereing Thi iterpecatin of he ile ean me

closer 0 the way Lead it as ‘unwieldy Enel
tralnestion "Apocrypha" Except that | would have
ered te me "All eruth te etion."

‘Very interesting indeed.
‘Tos hunter liat@hunter-net.oeg

From: camie247

‘Subject: Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"

God's Gift to the White Race - in /his/ twisted Ii
smind, that i was here at my coffeehouse « while bac
‘thought he was okay a fist. It was obvious that he was ©
oft: Ona napkin, he drew asin that meant something i
"Taare in the strugle" and lef cin front of him on bisa
for me toe. | asked ‘Wh
swe got to talk, he came
then something about what he was saying
wanted torllya bunch of es- people who had been changt
thae ie» and asked if he could use the coffechouse a
tthering place | asked him how he was planning to pull:
‘Trlly since he was the frst of us Thad seen in the place
& few weeks. He said not to wory, thar he knew a trick
teig i drovesof cs Thar ote cunous sol aged: Wh

‘A few night ater, [closed ealy and he showed up wi
acanofi He made a huge sign on the back wa
Sha I realized that others would be drawn tothe shop byt
Sign tel Teould eel the pull even when Thad my bo

thats how he was introduc
fhe font window talking
‘hing like, "Use your eyes people: Come on, we won't Bite
‘Apa outside, lke they had heard hire, three people goto
‘fis car parked up the street and came toward the shop! TT

—

Te evening went om like this, and everything was
2 little creepy but still fine - until one of my old
2 Niack' woman from the

Fnedo rab hime walked toward the ack bute
‘me. At the same time, | knew he was 1

ening
ce und tll her explain tall
"Done bother, {chink Tendeweand."

saw two local guys that I had worked well with inthe
so collared ther und asked they would help me get
insane reeck vt ofthe ovfeehoune before something

"aetul happened. That's when Clarion climbed onto

Se sured preaching Ke tome vecrler et the
Fier Youth dont remember xo Sea of wha he

(id, but Ido remember him taking abour"the mask people"
Pind thee «this Is hard to write.
‘Then, | remember how he started to make sense
He talked a while longer then the crowd, nearly dozen
fun, headed out the door: We went in cats to some rll yard
Ned found a couple of others - dead ones | think hiding on
‘freight ein. U kept thinking fno eyes how do they with no
tye They tied to get away, aad that made me ever angrier
{We dragged them out and cut them apart on the grou
Then we burned the bodies I all elt so ight
The next day I was to0 ashamed to get out of bed. I
wondered what people would think about the coffeehouse
Keng chned bud wonder tonne Aer nti,
{reat 0 cru to speak to my fem end
‘When | went pas the coffeehouse to check on it
‘Giron walled up. He ml we hall Sone peat werk the
ie He handed me bundle of parpiniets and si
theta cfc. hr he

Maybe.

ile veeverscen- He didnt say a word afer that. east
ned and walked away. havent sen him since. I wah
{ould say { ade't head fron him, Ba here was that pt
fen Alleymand22 where he called ne vone petty seb
ing: It wer obviow fom what he wrote that he wa
Slanon, sn I semembered one pow where Alleyman act
ty sgned wr "Pelen™

Tas 0 mad dae le time Taw him. I gathered up his
samphict 1 they woulda be setered nea the coor:

a

Som andtumedthemal Aletha od
inatle-out x the coffeehouse 9 it ditt look ke all the
‘others I have ic in my hand right now. Somebody let me
Enow what to do with fe I really don't want
Tos hunter lst@hunter-netong
From: shophet!25
Subjects Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"
> Thave i in my hand right now.
WHAT DOES IT SAY?
Subjects Re: ALERT ]
From: bookworm55
‘Tort hunter ist@hunter-net org
"There's news out of New Orleans
>>FBI: Officer's death may be
part of broader conspiracy 1

ex Ovleen— An veto inthe deh of
NOPD Oticer Samael Cul may be radening it sope 0
Lok bos depress of erp oer nies of he
same fence. Buea agents Loniana maid tat Ofer
Gera Devereux al Aro Jone, pare se he 1h
Precinct, may have been ing or tong a thre week.

‘New Orleans Mayor Hank Hallahan. in a writen state-
‘ment, expressed dismay at what he called police laxness "in
the midst of the dire events confronting the city" The
atement goes onto demand "fll departmental accounting
ft ae a responsi fr Ws personel a
chain of police command ;
FBI Special Agent Mare Filmore, who sin charge of the
Capen sal chat thisrevelatin cts new it on
‘is illing earlier this week. "lf ticer Cup's death i part
A pmentd acti ced ogaeg poled tus ths
{vestigation wll have 09 go back to square one Culp. an
‘African American member f the NOPD for 20 years, was
found shot and hanged Monday along the MisssipptRiverin, |
‘wha local officials have dubbed "an act of rail tere"

‘Ceavine Your Mank
Ocroni:

Z shaw ¢ npebet bare the tot tone T wrote dhiees
my beives. Took tad 6 eee thir, Toa spb; to
me, maar sometrg he at wade" & "shategt: L
Fape tures ¢ chawe, I fa to the thoes,
seer se Be ws fd ig od em noe

tare must ba

peg me rape
cartsile force protects oot ae ee ]
Prin Pay) migra Someries
teapion eis Sate aso 7 od
pera os ergredee obpeer
eres

ee ore ea TEE

a |

rine to the rest of the world. Put down sonetht
‘hat Locks istanar now ana chances ure there!
Seve soraajciossing boas est behind laters?

5 2 Sp of realy end im jst fosing
pat at tis cla God Slag batch oe 2A
re ton br 4a be ce fo am Tet te pacgie Tie Med
Tere hams. Lhe toh bbeirg tn sed. Tort
BLT te with myst 6 ot
Lie started carry & con of 3704 pei. Scab
in wean ip fo ta stots ord rise Tart seam
Hip deg theme 2 con ge combretens of tram
‘woe cad Tow dracton ob on wrt, He reste
Phargth ond ¢ wararg, 1 cont hp fig thet tonsa
Spee mean ted tae we others ha we Tare mast
Sate oe wel thoy buf Tay wre ja Br me Sire
F can ute thar to mah tate bar ele, ht Z coud
thy much do took wa tn 2 rhe, So, tm
Jp dt Scare wt spt tam ard cordecd me. Ze
|, giliy ita clade ot fomane dep
1 Re er
ask. Teen ta om me op
Le deo sproyed the Kore of ar hea ty the
| Spb. Gras bear moar ea aces ord vr we
>

Sree, but 1 Thre bi et di, AY he morte baker ba
Gott Otaerd to clararg A cbt. The hy prcdin  fesw torg
Fear fade ett co Nom i ore tn hae. Tm "wrerbara
iter ord tter, Han rot coma an 18 Yon te hear. At
ast Lim ret comoy ay nated ord battered tha Ted
of best. There wer Orly £0 tory cad have part that
Bate tal sph Sas, or cert of ie gem
"rn ether qastion t hime larg Z wert 40 stoy with
‘tran, Eve ham, ck toes ba 20 te presrhy, We
Gord eta $0 wes er mt, Time evra Lm re re

an abort ables thet my bawdy inves me Heh,
Sic fran fo hee i, tcc, shed

= ord ref jal shell I can ober Toa poops} wy

| Jo gt aad of things ys det ward traced bath to go

Topbciat, posh, ports to rahe, avd ~ = that
Grainy toe ant Casey hd rt tra excumstorces
waved
Bt scae pod, Zim im gordo have to mc
«clan break © Fete ha ore the ht cual to me
frepaeters, but 0 20 ety to gol detected by cra of
Mine Tore. Tha sae to hd tld 3 prt too Sher to
by ETE det ton Campin to
PR altar then js? tse
‘SH, T cant oie up Gray ard toe hide jst yet. Z
Sassi 50 tory ond bard to have res ie te bare A
Cosme Wis
Astacking the moeeters oneconmone 19 besenine
fd less productive. Not to uemtioe danger
‘iss They never etop. By tbe tise Jou"
See, a doscn nore ace nade soseiere el
oo personal. Huey see jour fuoe. Ifyou don"t ki12
& taen, T don't doubt that they can scan your face
fed tranenit 1¢ $0 others. Pius, I'm afraid they
| oan reed our ings — so don't' leave witnesses
Sebind. Think their porere axe way beyond the
scope of want we oan imgine, so don't assune
snyying. Tuat Sringe ae to yy text poitte I
you'ze ceagst in tae act, you're comectes with
a"body. Tt looks 1ike nurder — the vorst possible

pred

| 2 eee ee

T know. I've

re in the pS
Sf 4 thousand dirty causes. Me was a things
can't say what. Re Zed on bisod at the houpita

usp have 49 aie
‘So this fat bastard suddenly found himsels dou
ne mimte be was in the recovery ward, dipping =
‘tongue in sone teenage girl's stad wound, the De
Ibe ous i his cary ready to head hone Zor the even,
‘Tadok and happy. Tous in the back seat witha e7ria,
filled with nothing. 7 plunged 4% into his nec
Instant stroie. How sad.
‘The Leswon I learned cane quickly~ As alvay)
T looked for the obituary, since {$ was sonethi:
of a curiosity to see how they'd desorive
find the body). This tim

with their nasty, waite blood money
Bad men, I figured, know other bad me

Sonetines worse me
‘This fat fuok was going to draw a Dig orn
I knew of some of Ris acquaintance
‘Just Like bin. And there Baa to
‘iL ich. Obeae with influence. It would |
Sapolite cor then to not show at the funeral
waton was, incidertaliy, at might. 4 nigl
funeral asnounced three days in sdvanct
Interesting. Plenty of tine £0 prepares
Twas there, three daye later. 4 feu simte
derore eigat ofclock, I watched cuited nen at
somber vonen filter through the sain doors of t2
church. 4 tall, spired, Catholic thing. My ait
Sioled off mambere. By "tinal count, one bundry
acd fifty attendees axtered, and that doesn"
Szolude the ones uno went in carly
T saw at least thenty comrupters.
later, the explosive



Ay
t

i

Tiree of us ded. That's epprencmately 6 tive
to-are th rete. Hct bad Bi

‘Sore Exes
Been thinking adout the Bible again.
Part of me thins the whole thing :

Bejrele us ‘To make aure |
don't stray from their way of doing things.
But there's sonething to 1t- Something thi

ble tells us thet the wages of #2
jain and sizple. You siz, you go agaizst t
Graiz of the natural order. If you go against 4
Savural order, you die. You arex"t warned. You doe

Get to put in community service to wipe the sla
Siean. Apologies won't help. The obly Taing that p
hings Tight agaiz ie etraightaup fucking deatt

Mark Selle us that if our foot offends w
we out it off. It's better to have one good £0

Af T have to do 4 alone.

Moet don"t — or won't — do wat I 40. Fer
‘us deal with our corrupters as anything more th
‘violent gane of Sope and robbers. It's playeros
Sait, really. Zepeotally the nee who wart toce
sversboay- You oan't Voave" cancer, You can
Shange Sf. ts sotsvations are simple. Ualignas


the renabsistated. cancer needs to be burned
"eat cat. Or irradiated izto nonexistence.
flor is the only may
comprehend this. All the others
tie agenda of their oun, and their actions
‘Shere are & Leu star pupils in the clase.
Le out there, doing soze very serious
Netting dirty. Crawling through the
unafraid of the consequence. 0 many
ind are worried about consequences. What
Wise police say? What is 1 get burt? Will
Toul be danned? Wastes of fucking ekin
he
our arm is riddled with tusors — I sear
site the fucking things ~ uhat do yoa do?
Hing it off stope the Giseuce from getting
Tange oF your Brain, isn't that the only
yt Do you whine, pining away for jour

a

precious army something that's already eaten by
Joisoct what's the point? Stop complaining. Out
TiiSee and nove one We all weed to edopt this
attitugs, IT worry Phat too many of us aren't
prepared to do that's peceasary. Taey won't cut
Bat the badness uber it needs to De dope most.
Fetalant children. Afraid of comituent.

asia, there's soneone out there who
Like that.
1 don't Lnow sho be 19, but he burned dom &
Tit the fire on one side and
Opened tire. from aaross the street ae everzore
struggled to get out. sniping. 1 don't knox how
‘many of then he killed, Dut runor bas $8 that there
ae a igh musber in there. T know how much they
Bate fire, Te was a windy Bight, too, from what

dood for bis. wind fans the fiases,
he ds Me's newsy. Basty,
for sure. Bat God approv"



Thou shalt not kill
— Exoxdus 20:13

ds a tutorial.

Today's lesson: necessity.

I'll explain, because whoever might be
listening to thie won't have visual aids. I's
standing here taping in a pool of blood. It's
everywhere. We're in @ dingy studio apartment
overlooking an elenentary school in the city.
The room smells of sweat. There's a man hanging
from a steam pipe at the ceiling, his arms tied
above hin with piano wire. He's dead. His throat
has been cut. If I had to count the mumber of
stad wounds in his chest, neck and thighs, I'd
guces thirty-five. Maybe forty.

There's another nan here with me. He's still
alive. He's lying huddled on the floor. He's
crying. That's a g00d thing. Tears help to purge-
They renove taint, cowardice, hesitation — it's
kind of a dDaptism. It's not easy to overcone the
burdles, but this man has done it. He'll
understand soon.

The dead man was poison. A seliqmade serpent in
human skin. He was very mich alive. Not dead, like
some, but still a corrupter of the worst kind. I don't
know what got to him, what gave his his powers.

He was @ dealer. Selling hallucinogens at the
school. Trying to make children's minds nal-
leable, like a gold nugget hammered thin. Zasier
to manipulate that way. We can't have that.
Cancer shouldn't eat the young.

———-

So I took him and brought him here. He was
4ifrioult. He had strange abilities. Tine didn't
feel right with him, like it was shifting all
@round ne. I felt sluggish, sick, confused. I
tore open ny eyes and moved past that. I cut his
hamstrings and ended his lame struggle.

The man on the floor is one of us. His nane
is Daley. Richard Daley. Some rehabilitative
counselor at one of the inner-city drug clinics.
I've watched hin work. He's a talker. He likes
to sit down with the monsters, have a cup of t
Share backrubs. Whatever. Seems to want to work
out everyone's fucking problems. Ho matter the
cost, no matter what came before. You can't "fix"
@ blood-drinking serial rapist, just like you
can't plug a bullet hole with a cotton ewab, or
end all of the world's problems by kneeling next
to your bed and saying a little prayer. Sone
things are impossible to undo.

Mr. Daley didn't seem to get it.

He talks to possessors, gets them to exit their
hosts. I'l] admit that he had his successes. Last
week, he talked one out of a young girl. Some
shimmering black thing with hollow eyes. He
convinced it to get out. But residue was lett
behind. Somehow, the phantom corrupter lezt an
imprint on her psyche. That night, she smothered
her baby brother. He was eleven months old.

The thing went on to possess again. I killed it.

With all that in mind, I opted to teach Er.
Daley a lesson. Isn't that right, Richard?

|

eee ee

tame aie |

— + An outsider's view
From:witness!
To: hunter.lise@hunter-netorg

Lest anyone worry, let me explain that by "ourider™ I
mean an imbued who lacks 4 competer and who has never
had access to the list until now. He and I met not long ago,
and as we talked recently I realized that he shares a past with
Shophet, about whom he has opinions of his own. In the
interests of balance, here is what he has to say.

From Mister R.

Aslongas we're making it our business to notice the load on each
other's hands, I wane w get something off my chest about "Shophet."

Actually, make that several chings.

I was there thet "ouful day." wo. I wasn't ome of your
| chassomates, but I got to see enough of chem thar I bepan to feel just
| Bhke ome of the family. Funny, 1 houaght yon felt that wary abont me,

too, You stuck your neck ont — more than once — to save my ass,

Soutry did you send me and che woman I love ona ssdcide mission?

If you ask me, I think the whole thing with Peleus has left you
a few bricks shy of a load. Hell, don't ask. You need to hear this

' You've been playing judge, jury and one-man firing squad too
long. You have real people around you. You don't get to decide
manzers of life and death for chem.

Remember Peleus' Uncle buddy? Don't get me wrong, he gry
was bad news. We know he helped torch at least one high rise full
of people. Full of families, And we'll never know how many gay
guys had their heads cracked open by that bastard. But did you have
to leave his wife holding the bag after you killed him? And don' ery
to bullshit me because | know you pulled che rigger. "He's co-hosted
his last molocow cocktail parry." Those were your exact words.
Tos hunter.list@hunter-netorg

From: shophet!25
Subject: Re: An outsider's view

Obviously, R., you're very angry. I'm just confused.
Grateful to know that you're alive (both of you!), but
confused. For months now, | figured the two of you died in
that explosion in East St. Louis at the bus station! Please
believe me when I say chat I sent you guys there to collect our
gear for the road — and nothing else. I still don't even know for
suse what happened that day! Maybe you could clue me in?
Exaweues

Bvery lesson requires exazples of the right
and wrong choices. Illustration provi
dightenment. Hexe are some exanples of.. others
I've seen. Others I've come across. Some I worked
with, briefly. Failures, in the end, but notable
for the lessons they teach.

A paradlie-reading old zan, physically and
mentally adie, is lest to rot in an old folk's hoze
dy an uncaring family. Surrounded by the pain and

\ deomy of So many liver-spotted castoris, he makes
it his mission to deliver commanion to those who
can't make it to church. He's @ seliwmade
eucharistic minister. One night, he wakes to find
a message on the wall, written in zly-apecked shit.
The neseage reads "ALL SHARE PAIR. The words
disappear. Unable to sleep, he stumbles out to the
‘TV room and past room 45. Inside, @ nurse closes

| Ae a a a ee

the eyes of an old woman, and the man can see —
for the first time — what's really happening. The
nurse is different. Some might call her wrong. He
delieves he knows what she's doing. Bringing zeroy
0 the sick, the diseased. The ol¢ woman is dead.
The purse and the =an share a moment, later @ cup
of coffee, and that's that.

The marse was a zonster. The newspapers called
here serial killer, an "angel of mercy" murderer.
She ered and exited hospitals, clinics and
mureing bones, putting several to death. I not
meroy. It's murder. after neeting with the ol¢
nan, ohe visited the children's cancer ward at
Queens Medical Center in Charlotte, Sorth
Carolina." She put seven children to "siecep."
Caiidren who could have recovered.

The old sam was weak. Puled by emotions. Ris
Zeelings confused hin, Gllowed bin to nisread the
meseage that the voices gave to hin. Seosuse of that,
deosuse of his cowardice and misplaced sorels,
children die. The manipulator is still out there.

A housewize cones home one night after playing
ecards with the girls on the block to discover that
her three children—aii daughters —are dead. They
have been exsanguinated and posed together in «
pornographic display at the kitchen table. Bore
of the children is older than twelve. The
perpetrator, sone broker=mindeé leech, is still
in the house. The woman's awareness explodes, and
she deetroys the thing by beating it foa pulp with
aba, mn lamp. It catches fire. She's chosen, the
voices chattering in her ears. She makes it her
personal crusade to go after these nightnares.

Rer devotion is adsirabdle. Her desire to
excise the sonsters, snippizg then axay like
Three months later she's
Killed. She goes slone into an old house out ip
Backs County, zinds @ nest of pow: jore and is
made to chew open her own wrists.

A fire in your belly is sure to burn you from
the inside out. Like the old man, emotion pushed
her to an irrational level. That s helps nobody.

Last one: A tenenent is overflowing with the
festering waste of corrupted things. Broken,
ick beasts crowd the place, seeding ort the
impoverished, the angry and the infirm. it's in
the dDlack part oz town. The ghetto. The place
probably hasn't seen @ white face in months, the
last ome likely being @ cop or fireman.

One man sees this, notes the coincidence
Detween the monsters, the economic state and the
color of people's skin, and draws sone conclusions.
Be starts @ fire. A dig fire. Those who don't burn
try to get out. Be waits across the street with a
rifle. The death toll is immense. Impressive.

Be's 60 close to doing things right. Things 7
or the other weak-kneed wouldn't do. This nan ien't
willing to throw away his gifts. He uses thes to
the teeth, understanding that the nature of @
righteous angel isn't one of clemency or benevo=
lence, Dut of rire and judgzent. Pain.

Still, he's irresponsibie. He leaves a treil-
He's one of the good gays, but his exotions reigh

Se


course. Re's unable to see the forest for the trees,
and I'n afraid that his lack of caution will get
@ good man caught, killed or worse. I'm going after
him, I think. I believe he can learn from ne-

Iz there's one thing you should take away
from this, Richard, it's that there's elwa,
room for isprovenent.

Cuammearion
Subject: Re: An outsider's view
From: witness!
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From Mister R.
What happened that day? The place temed into a war zone.
One minuae it' sa bus station, the next it's full of dead things and one
hasge, pissed-off wolf-man. Then fire. Then the building blows up.
We were a block away by then. We went hack to the mosel,
but you had already checked out and the car was gone. There was
no telling where you were, and we got worried about sticking
around. People saw us haul ass out of the station before it blew!
Since you asked, we're both fine. Bue don't change the
subject. lasked a stack of questions that you didn' tanswer. You're
good at that, but I know your tricks
To: hunter.lise@hunter-netorg
From: shophet 125
Subject: Re: An outsider's view
Before we play 20 questions, | want to let you know
that while you two were skipping town, | was in the waiting
room at Jiffy Lube. Remember, the car needed an oil change?
[saw the news about the explosion on TV. Twenty minutes

—! _

—_—

later, | was crossing, and then you told me, knowing what
had happened to my brother. Youdidn't tell me all that stuff
sol'd go give the guy a medal. You told me because you were
afraid your girlfriend's gal-pal was falling in with a bad
crowd. Which is exactly what they were, all three of them. As
you recall, the thanks our friend got for associating with
them was Peleus trying to turn her into roadkill. By all
rights, he should have died when he tried to take her out

But he survived the crash

>But did you have to leave his wife holding che bag after you
killed him?

I did no such thing. Yes, | went to his home with the
intention of killing him. I could have killed the wife, too, and
possibly should have. She knew what her other half was doing
in his spare time — the bashing, I mean, not the hunting part
I think it eumed heron. But here's the thing: I senther away. And
you must not be keeping up with the newspaper the way you
used to, because the prosecutor's office dropped all changes
against her recently. Because of evidence that I sent to them.

>So why did you send me and the woman I love on a
suicide mission?

What I've written here ought to make it clear that the
whole East St. Louis episode was one cluster fuck after another.
Our mistake was in not having a fallback position outside of
town. It wasn't as if we could call each other's folks and
ask, Where is he these days?" Besides, don't you think "suicide
mission" is a little dramatic? Anything that you're around to
describe in hindsight as a "suicide mission" obviously wasn'e. It
should've just been a quick trip to pick up some gear. I'm sorry
it turned into something else, and I'm sorry it split us up.

Mostly, though, I'm just glad you're both alive.

oe ee

Subject: Re: An outsider's view
From: bookworm55
To: hunter.lise@hunter-net.org

>>I asked a stack of questions that you didn't answer.
You're good at thar [snip]

I don't think you do it on purpose, Shopher, but I had
noticed the same thing. Fyodor had that same kind of single
mindedness sometimes. Anyway, I'm still wondering if you can
explain why Peleus shot your classmate when she was alone but
not the two of you together. Inquiring minds still want to know.

Joming vac Common Cause
Novewsze 6

hires hare bean locking «tte better in recent weeks.

Las cx rey way to tne tat Te verted in the ety canter
when T sabderty belt 6 pul, For ols of ¢ better exploration.

Tt fet ott tse the wessues T get, excagt t was arty

| sferert. T ceutdn't descr be head Ht we ent. Lust
knew that A wes. Suspicscuts, I bestewed, Atte dark foe
mwedtes, T hoard mpet non dey ret ore of the stators.

Up on tie wal wis ore of the Ser, but ret ore,

Tie used before ~ 4 meat something Whe" sammening"

or "gather," ard standing rext to 4 was 6 mickle-ared,

shinny gay with 6 musta Ti

she. I cbcherepel him - I wes
prathy wary of him to he honest, burt he chebn't lock wrong
th ony woy. He everdtady expired that he ccutd oct 43
+ other people te him ord me using this Son.
Bryno, A sms thet en trar's suwd togrg to
te Nee oS on cowrtict wth ore crerther. T wes résistard.
pet scurded too sce 40 be tne. Biter ¢ whle, I
worked cut tad A wis ~ Scomathire bead heel beppered to
= that's bis rewe = 6 aw meds copy, orel be ons hire,
is bast to fed bis way cut of 4. I sympativer. Te met
peep Forcuchs the. TA utes sulbered shat shock Her
thre Gi. It's prétty teu, ever ovr a trared soxker. T
tite to thik of the corSequerees of TIS wo nr Some
soft, southern mide moragr.
Dn tie next few dogs, be mercaed te beaks we up wet
aherch of Aber praple wit bal had ther exes cpered, 4o0.
They were ey bean af this o te ess
ove than me, burt bead © yl eae ale auticchs. Ove
of ther rental was hebecd G whe back, ore oresther qat ancl
left the, city in dlespar rest tare o Marwari. Both Pad od
Tages that the geup teks ory Ferm of char dection.
Ft ties poird theyre doost desperate for Somecre
4e tice them in, Sivce TL yet wry ch ord 044 Greg, Te
get were tome on my beards. For Same reason, they seam
heen to heap tin Kony Fes, so LT werk wth tram iv
thax spare tome, I tired this deephy trastrotirg, bt Pad
has marerted te cilm me chin wher I ott the worked
up dhaud 4. He dues have « point thed famiy give the ess
cemented rites to bait ker, Te cred meet to
FT ran curt or Greg ored the
I weds mote.

fis

of the city or) the wt, wth prs
ot wele dertibed. Pat's lat ogether é I feed cateseri~
totic of the bidder ores, produced by somecwe he bras
pe the. antervet. Net dof 4 jhes with tin cbsovetias
Ve meee, het t's usehd in hejping us spot putters of
cetishparreis the ‘olf; It's pretty basic miday stroteay,
burt Pa's excctedd by the ikea. He seems to thks that it other

De ee =e — ee eee

geps can de simir tires in other cttes acsard tie court,
ive can stat to develop « breed pete of bidders cotichy
ord mage get Some idea of what they're chars oa lage Sadbe
As far os I'm corcerred, 4 daws us to pln ache
strikes apirst the oramy winter AY cho thn west gocel.
"There's certainly « corcardratian of aativity in the Gerbas.
I Tims tempted to sex if T con set upc few "cas expksions"
in the atc, if the others don't qo tor my sweap-ordesttiee
plow I figee that it we con cer art that one seater
of tewry we can mie we Wes 6 et exser.

Unstorraste

You know, Dick — may I oal1 you Dick? Too many
of our kind won't listen. I've tried to talk to them
on their little email idst, their bigoted club=
house. I'm Zed up with their knee~jerk reactions,
Like I'm some sort of freak for suggesting the right
thing to do. I'm trying to make then better.
Stronger. They have so many weaknes: Their
reliance on the lice we're al] spoon-fed is one of
then. I can't seen to break them of it.

In the end, I's met with nothing but anger
and resistance. I want to ignore the lot of them
and suggest that the few smart ones leave with
me. They're going to have to pay attention soon
or I'l2 turn away from thez all.

a= I just clinging to hope here? It's olear
they enjoy their ignorance. They =ay be dliss—
fully unaware, and that's fine. They"ll continue
to be unaware until @ bullet sprays their guts
on an alley wall or sone bloody=nouthed thing
minderapes them as they go to their car. I won't
ory for them, I don't ory for the dead and stupid.

Let ne give you another imperative. We are.
what? Revolutionaries? Angels? Gods? Someone
sits up on high and gives us a new pair of eyes
and gizts to lift us up. We're practically divine.
The world is laced with tunors and we're the
medicine. We're the done sau. We're the therapy.
Way squander our talento? Why waste our medicine?

Sometines, though, the medicine doesn' work,
does 1t? The caw simply won't cut. Sometines it
even makes things spreading disease
instead of culling it. That's unacceptable.

Our kind can be like that. They stand in the way
of treatzent, holding up the cure with indecision.
Or bad decisions re here to do a job, @ long=
reaching and mambingly difficult job. When our oun
kind impedes this design, I feel sick. Bat I
understand it. I'm not a Bible-thunper. In fact,
I place little nerit in any organised religion that
existe to sorten our brains and trap us inside sone
ludicrous moral hole, but there's some truth in
there. Like the angels. The angels were supposedly
perfect beings, like we were. Granted a divire
Rission, filled with heavenly providence. But sone
of then fell. Sone turned against their maker and
against each other. They created Hell. We can't have
Hell, Mr. Daley. We just don't bave tine.

What I'm saying is this: If one of our own
steps in the way of progress, he has to be
considered just as infected as the creatures.
These people must be put down like dogs. Give then

|
|
|
\
|
|
|
|

WERE "4 2

& chance to learn from their error, but if that

doesn't succeed, death is the only option.

Sone people are sinply irredeonable

You're dizzerent, though. I hope I've broken
you of your old ways. I understand way you're
crying. You were blind and now you have sight.
That would cause the strongest mar to ory.

I suppose, Zor the record, we should go over
what we did here today, you and I. So if anyone
ever finds these tapes, they'll understand.
They'1i see how you came to be what you are today-
A mich inproved being. They"11 cone to love you,
as I az coming to love you.

Today, I brought Mr. Daley here and tied his
toa chair. I placed hin ten feet from this hanging
manipulator, the dealer, the filthy nind-reper.
I let them talk, however briefly, and I listened
ks the two tried to understand each other. They
actually believed they could fucking communicate,
Like they were on the saze page or something. Then
I taped the corrupter's mouth shut and showed Dick
sone pictures. Ore of @ high-school boy who took
sone of the shit the dealer peddied and went to
dance in traffic. an SUV hit hin. Popped his head
like a Derry. The snapshot showed all the gory
detaiis. Then another picture. A girl in a locker
dazed and confused, being led away by
‘She was hopped up and wandered into the

boy's locker room. The baseball teax raped her-
Wot just with their dicks. With the end of « junp
rope. With both ends of an alunimun bat.

Richard didn't like looking at the pictures.
He bad already commnicated with the sonster,
already tried to understand it, tried to believe
‘they could understand each other. Could you, Dick?
Understand a rapist? You knew you couldn't.

I pat a knife in your lap and left. I caze
back two hours later.

{ x was noping to find that you'
way free. I didn't tie the knots too tightiy.
I was hoping to see that you'd done what needed
to be. But you hadn't. The creature still hung

alive. You looked. beaten. You needed
something. Something I could give you. So I did.

When I looked at you, you felt it, didn't you?
You saw a snail part of the plan. You saw the
long road we walk. But nore importantly, you saw
what was at the end of the road, didn't you? Tou
sax death. You knew — just like I knew so long
ago — that death was the only way to make this
world a better, pure place.

| It felt right to watch you pull yourself out
of the chair. To grab the knife. You attacked the
cancer with dedicated hands, and you got messy,
but the dedication makes all the difference

i And now here we are. Something that was less
than basan is dead. Its contazizated body will
never corrupt again. And something that is now zore
‘than nanan is curled up on the floor, sobbing under

| the weight, of the truth. After watching you,
Richard, I'é be proud to work with you, to bring
‘the scourge of sickness that coats hunanity to its

wriggied your

switt and rightrul end. You have been taught «
valuable lesson. Barely @ single one of our kind
will ever know what you do now. They fuck around
while the monsters go unchecked.

Bow you know what I contend with, Dick.
Trials and tribulations.

I have an appointment with that sniper I told
you about. His trail is obvious, Littered with
bodies and fire. I wish it weren't so clear, but
at least I have @ way to track him down. I would
bring you slong. You've come Zar. Bat it's just
not your place. Just like I cane to you, improved
you and taught you. I have to do it again. Someone
else needs to be taught. His eyes are already
open, but bis technique needs Zocus.

I enjoyed our tine together. I know you want
to thank me, but the look in your eyes is reward
enough. Well, that's not entirely true. There
that would make me bappy. Show the
others what I've shown you. Tell then the plan.
Teach them death. Soon you'll stop crying, and
then you'll be unstoppable.

Tentous Was

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: wrath25

Subject: Re: An outsider's view

‘What | think Shophet is good at is twisting details
around to make people he's jealous of look bad.

>The wife was probably banging every militia monkey
and klansman

>on the West Coast — Peleus for sure — and the
husband knew it but cumed a blind eye.

What difference would this make if it cured out to be
true? Why do the bedroom arrangements of our brothers at
arms matter? Unless you think you're missing out on some-
thing there. Did you fall in _love_ with the man who saved
your life? Hey, not my business, just something to think
about. Some answers I don't _want_to know.

What I'm a lot more interested in is Soldier. He sure is
putting himself in knots over a job well done. I mean, killing
the enemy is what we do, right? And we can't have worse
enemies than the ones who hide behind cop badges, right?
How long do we fight this war on our own in secret? When.
is it time to bring the people in on this? When Shophet says
it's ok? Assuming he can get his head screwed on right long
‘enough to think straight (sorry, didn't mean anything by
that, | know how you fellas feel about the word "straight").
To: hunter.list@hunter-netorg,

‘From: shophet125
Subject: Re: An outsider's view

‘Wrath, you just went from annoying to repellent. Don't
confuse me with my brother — my dead brother, whom |
loved, who was gay. The only satisfaction Peleus can give me
is seeing the bastard meet justice at point-blank range.

‘Actually, the reason Peleus' sleeping arrangementseven
came to my attention was because his troglodyte helper's wife
told me that's what was going on. Right before she tried to get
me in the sack, because she thought I was another"militia
hero." Right after I caught her lying (believe me, I knew)
about her husband's involvement in a tenement fire, which
Thad only known about peripherally until then. Scupid racist

— SS

WERE "4 2

& chance to learn from their error, but if that

doesn't succeed, death is the only option.

Sone people are sinply irredeonable

You're dizzerent, though. I hope I've broken
you of your old ways. I understand way you're
crying. You were blind and now you have sight.
That would cause the strongest mar to ory.

I suppose, Zor the record, we should go over
what we did here today, you and I. So if anyone
ever finds these tapes, they'll understand.
They'1i see how you came to be what you are today-
A mich inproved being. They"11 cone to love you,
as I az coming to love you.

Today, I brought Mr. Daley here and tied his
toa chair. I placed hin ten feet from this hanging
manipulator, the dealer, the filthy nind-reper.
I let them talk, however briefly, and I listened
ks the two tried to understand each other. They
actually believed they could fucking communicate,
Like they were on the saze page or something. Then
I taped the corrupter's mouth shut and showed Dick
sone pictures. Ore of @ high-school boy who took
sone of the shit the dealer peddied and went to
dance in traffic. an SUV hit hin. Popped his head
like a Derry. The snapshot showed all the gory
detaiis. Then another picture. A girl in a locker
dazed and confused, being led away by
‘She was hopped up and wandered into the

boy's locker room. The baseball teax raped her-
Wot just with their dicks. With the end of « junp
rope. With both ends of an alunimun bat.

Richard didn't like looking at the pictures.
He bad already commnicated with the sonster,
already tried to understand it, tried to believe
‘they could understand each other. Could you, Dick?
Understand a rapist? You knew you couldn't.

I pat a knife in your lap and left. I caze
back two hours later.

{ x was noping to find that you'
way free. I didn't tie the knots too tightiy.
I was hoping to see that you'd done what needed
to be. But you hadn't. The creature still hung

alive. You looked. beaten. You needed
something. Something I could give you. So I did.

When I looked at you, you felt it, didn't you?
You saw a snail part of the plan. You saw the
long road we walk. But nore importantly, you saw
what was at the end of the road, didn't you? Tou
sax death. You knew — just like I knew so long
ago — that death was the only way to make this
world a better, pure place.

| It felt right to watch you pull yourself out
of the chair. To grab the knife. You attacked the
cancer with dedicated hands, and you got messy,
but the dedication makes all the difference

i And now here we are. Something that was less
than basan is dead. Its contazizated body will
never corrupt again. And something that is now zore
‘than nanan is curled up on the floor, sobbing under

| the weight, of the truth. After watching you,
Richard, I'é be proud to work with you, to bring
‘the scourge of sickness that coats hunanity to its

wriggied your

switt and rightrul end. You have been taught «
valuable lesson. Barely @ single one of our kind
will ever know what you do now. They fuck around
while the monsters go unchecked.

Bow you know what I contend with, Dick.
Trials and tribulations.

I have an appointment with that sniper I told
you about. His trail is obvious, Littered with
bodies and fire. I wish it weren't so clear, but
at least I have @ way to track him down. I would
bring you slong. You've come Zar. Bat it's just
not your place. Just like I cane to you, improved
you and taught you. I have to do it again. Someone
else needs to be taught. His eyes are already
open, but bis technique needs Zocus.

I enjoyed our tine together. I know you want
to thank me, but the look in your eyes is reward
enough. Well, that's not entirely true. There
that would make me bappy. Show the
others what I've shown you. Tell then the plan.
Teach them death. Soon you'll stop crying, and
then you'll be unstoppable.

Tentous Was

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: wrath25

Subject: Re: An outsider's view

‘What | think Shophet is good at is twisting details
around to make people he's jealous of look bad.

>The wife was probably banging every militia monkey
and klansman

>on the West Coast — Peleus for sure — and the
husband knew it but cumed a blind eye.

What difference would this make if it cured out to be
true? Why do the bedroom arrangements of our brothers at
arms matter? Unless you think you're missing out on some-
thing there. Did you fall in _love_ with the man who saved
your life? Hey, not my business, just something to think
about. Some answers I don't _want_to know.

What I'm a lot more interested in is Soldier. He sure is
putting himself in knots over a job well done. I mean, killing
the enemy is what we do, right? And we can't have worse
enemies than the ones who hide behind cop badges, right?
How long do we fight this war on our own in secret? When.
is it time to bring the people in on this? When Shophet says
it's ok? Assuming he can get his head screwed on right long
‘enough to think straight (sorry, didn't mean anything by
that, | know how you fellas feel about the word "straight").
To: hunter.list@hunter-netorg,

‘From: shophet125
Subject: Re: An outsider's view

‘Wrath, you just went from annoying to repellent. Don't
confuse me with my brother — my dead brother, whom |
loved, who was gay. The only satisfaction Peleus can give me
is seeing the bastard meet justice at point-blank range.

‘Actually, the reason Peleus' sleeping arrangementseven
came to my attention was because his troglodyte helper's wife
told me that's what was going on. Right before she tried to get
me in the sack, because she thought I was another"militia
hero." Right after I caught her lying (believe me, I knew)
about her husband's involvement in a tenement fire, which
Thad only known about peripherally until then. Scupid racist

— SS

pence as

—
ree LS

bitch even told me Peleus (she called him "May," just like her
And thanks to
1 link independent of
know. In other words, Wrath: Shur the fuck up.
Bookworm, I think you're unable to make yourself think th
Peleus does. Please dk
that I can, believe me, but it

human. All he saw
from a buller i

To: hunter.list@hunter-net.o1
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Re:

[Warde . post the following translation of
what he termed an important message to various lists]

Hunters in the United States ate beginning to recognize
the problem of Fascists among them. The ongoing troubles
there with 2 antages and disadvantages in
combating ong atred. Through

ravitate to
chi

have tremendous er McVeigh and
Whether his ultim serve to deter or
Unless, that is, he

As I have st ed before,
speculate upon why such individ
own if iate circle of "fell

n arsonist and myself. Apart
he creatures and our

jutves regarding the
pongest connect
breath. Whatever chang
puch beyond hints and riddles
mportant inquiry we all m
g to cooperate with such in
he course of fulfilling our mission. For me, the courts
ave dictated when, where and how long I interact with
my prisoners. Furthermore, they a » do this in

beyond their u

is nevertheless pr

the policeman. They mi
akers live and work. A good detec-
nink as his quarry does. Yet tobe a good man, the

policeman cannot behave always as crimi
tum is f es than to

inals are the ones without their

A blood slave whose job is to hide the
a vampire who regularly takes human life, s
feeding at all? Or the ho would destroy all of


these beings at once with a bomb powerful enough to level a
part of town? My example is unfair, but itis not hypothetical.
Thad to make the choice. I chose to "defuse" both the bomb
‘and its maker. Was my solution the "best" one? I cannot know.
Tnow that the bomber's choice was not the best one that he
could have made, Also, I understood that he could not be
dissuaded from his choice, because "God told him to do it,"
thus forcing me to intervene. All can do, al any of uscan do,
is weigh right and wrong as we proceed in this [I do know this
word] and hope we choose well

I fear what may be going on among hunters in the
United States right now. It may be that Mr. Mayhem is alone
in his activities, which is still frightening because he appears
to be both skilled and determined. Yet more frightening is
the idea that his goals are spreading among us, becoming our
goals, that our methods grow ever more to resemble his.

If Soldier is truthful in hisadmissions, he hasbeen used with
awful intent. Whatever he embarked upon became something
else because of its secretive and, yes, unlawful nature. It became
sormthing wor: | can only wonder whether k was Sole'

‘my own messages on methodology thar inspired him
and led to this sad state of events. Such isthe way of any war, but
‘especially aclandestine one. The targets change as the defense-
less move into the line of fire, or the "enemy" proves to be not
at all what we perceived when we pulled the trigger.

Alll chese variables are enough to immobilize us, some-
thing we cannot [purchase"}. Yer my feeling is that our
collusion with the forces of hatred, with hunters whose view
cof humanity may be less evolved than the outlook of some
creatures, is a greater menace to our cause than any other.

Choose well your targets. Choose better your methods.
‘Choose best your allies.

Subject: Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"
From: memphis68
To: hunter.list@hunter-netorg,

Alll of which adds up to ... what, Warden? Let's be
careful out there? You make being a hunter on this side of the
Atlantic sound like one big rally of the NRA and the KKK
‘Doesn't the general level of disagreement on this list give you
any reason to think we _might not be that unified_!

The last thing I ever want to be is one of this century's
Nazis. But it's not something that keeps me awake at night.
There are plenty of other things in my life that do that for me.
Norcwece 7

Pulls « by user of hurder-vet, on orive se ker pecple
ee us. Hels siegested that T sy ip, but Tim rer heer
the tha. Tt sede the on wricceprtdhe secuttty risk to me. Ive
been in the lntech iebstiy her tie tt iS yeas, ard Thee
few easy comprter retucris con be brecched, Pad chins that
Seme spuckey Stubt bes quad the ste, os bt
sar onl ox sewetine, I+ saurdls toes much howe ara

arias to we. Fer tim, tome. beara, Um hoppy to let hm Fe
boherwttier toss but Te warredd him that the posts antiorg
deat us, TY tom tat bocely tgrtop dhe his treat."
Manerut Meares

Subject: An outsider's apology
From: witness!
To: hunter.lise@hunter-net.org

From Mister R.

‘Okay Shophet, so "suicide mission" was over the top. Ididn'e
really believe that was what went down in East St. Louis, but had

to be sure. Plus, I had forgotten all about the ol change thing.
heard stories about you the same way you heard stuff about
Peleus, you know. A few people back home swore to me they
would never work wich you again. You have a rep with some
hunters we know as playing fast and loose with he facts una after
the fact. Me, d trust you with my life anyzme
Frends agan

Subject: Re: An outsider's view

From: bookworm55

To: hunter lise@hunter-net.org

>kelling the enemy is what we do, right?

Speak for yourself, Wrath. Once again, I feel like my
‘own words are back to haunt me. Idon't think a day goes by
without something reminding me that once it seemed like
the rightest thing in the world to compile a list of "our
‘monster enemies." The world is more complicated than that,
which isa lesson it took me longer to learn.

Tor hunter.lise@hunter-netong
From: driver300
Subject: Re: "Mayhem'/ "Peleus"

Memphis, your tune soundsa little different to me these
days. recall when you thought using duds as suicide bombers
was a perfectly acceptable tactic.

Sadly, I can sce both sides of this argument. Soldier was
right to be outraged by ‘monsters whose actions (and
‘rue natures) are protected by badges and uniforms. Atthe same
time, does he have any idea what this dead kid might have done?
What if he killed an entire family? What if e killed the family
cof one of those cops? Some of us say we're here to protect the
Blind, the Is it such a stretch to think that some
monstezs might feel the same way about theirown families? And
T know that not every slave to vampires is beyond hope. [know
this because one gave his life to save mine.

Weonly perpetuate the violence we're mired in now when
‘our response to its more violence. There has tobe another way.
To: hunter lise@hunter-net.org
From: shopher!25
Subject: Re: An outsider's apology

>Fnends again?

Evenafter I had given you guys up for dead, [still thought
cof you as friends. [ never stopped thinking of you that way,
Subject: Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"

From: memphis68
Tor hunter list@hunter-net.org

How could I be so stupid all this time? Driver, you're

right. I've decided to give up the fight, hang a bell around my

neck and start grazing in the nearest pasture. I'm sure the

a —~—

od ve thamsiies in ¢ babt-bire state
che aren fee a
to we that I om meat to be
ihe this. I con see the enemy at
the chitty to wea
fe threats, are to

Tt seems
6 leccker to
di tres, od T seem to
lavae oF |

Reel, Tore oval Frechbe. F
ved thirttas, Shedd I be cauprt.

place. He

tor the wvesive

Hawever, his ettiak dosnt

ne, T thar t's becasse he's

in views thir =

because Ht cel the otter. I?'s

view of the mission. He's So focused

meting exch mortar poy, for 4s cries thet be
can' to bigger picture. Stl, os os

Tah fel Pec baiklcoe of the vect

heombers of the gap. tast os T con mie

hardin dleachy, chy the Same with

thrown ores. On were than ore occasion, warkirg

te r be's Sottered up a target for me, ord Live

4 down up close ard persord, In esserce, he's

@ good sobher, hut one that lacks the stratesic.

viewpoint to be an ebfective team laser.

Derenters

Novewscx 10
T case with one of Paul's people quite a tt. He was
dbek rented tanker worth ie toecgd piad bald bawhyalen
bor os T can see. Rather than tdiirg on the bidder,
Wt Ga thant What sort
ite: pion is tat? His perspective & So tnnted dat he
gesp the hea oF ethexxd Soke.
at's ust focksh, There's ust tox
anythire that woy. I car See the wisdom of having @ Secure.
hese to retreat 40, thaush. Ove of thn fest thircs we ched
Her mestirg up with ths ct was arorge ¢ Sweep of the

Gneek Since orl clear
Sight rex sesard of or,
42 werk heepirg bese camp secure, burt chen 't brew baw
much use be's sping to he in the larg run,
Innocenrs

Observation: The ete Mdeolm seemed to me to be

sovethirg of a folre: Whatever it & that or

soreived 1 bie. aes

ieee ts Wecbec hae an
ae.

Ti a ct aie Lather wertheat hin.

Hewever, bis city to hidle in plain Sight woudl be

a geat tactic cobortare if t was avaicle to someare,
Cth the rife ettrtuale: I must try to get the squeal
fo teach dich ots dhact ther pirtelir opttles
in case ary ore of tham is lost.
Junees

Observation: Tore is trying to be too cerebrd

chout the hurt. She clings to retians of" od
impress that on agin Thay were
comuptirg prope up thire on the hatte sit
tonba Wa ivetot The tha, A bene cosudities
we worth # to the spread of ther
inAurce, The rightress of what we ch! was

To: hunter.list@hunter-netorg
From: wrath25
Subject: Re: An outsider's view

You people are all pussies. Weak, incomperent, malin-
gering pussies.
us NOt stele one of yous the brains or the balls to win
this war.

used to be the way you'll all be till you die, probably as
a meal for something I'll have to come for later.

Now I see the way. I'm ready to prove myself as a True
Warrior for the cause.

Why can't any of you understand the sacrifices that
victory demands?

Soon enough, we'll move like a fire that sweeps across
the whole world.
Subject: Wrath's post
From: hookworm35
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org


‘Something here sounds worse than the usual sort of bad.
I'm worried
To: hunter list@hunter-netorg
From: shophet!25
Subject: Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"

>What ifhe killed an entire family? What ifhe killed the
family of one of those two cops?

Driver, | think you're ignoring a key part of Soldier's
story: Those cops started out spitting on this kid's corpse.
Then they played a fucking game with it! Then, after the
"toy" stopped being fun to play with, one of them got pissed.
Idon't believe someone in the throes of vengeful grief
behaves that way. It seems trite in the context of what we
normally discuss here, but this strikes me as a really inhuman
set of responses.

Tor hunter list@hunter-net.ong
From: tarjiman220
Subject: Re: "Mayhem"/ "Peleus"

[have translated the following response of Warden's for
consideration on various lists]

Memphis68 wrote

>Doesn't the general level of disagreement on this list
sive you any reason

>to think we _might not be that unified_?

‘The lack of unity and overall discord among American
imbued is what I fear to be fertile soil for Fascists. They thrive
in such environments and cast against each other those who
should — and would — otherwise be arrayed against Fascists
themselves. Meanwhile, they busy themselves with attacks
against the weak and the outcast.

>The last thing I ever want to be is one of this century's
Nazis. But

>Dit's not something that keeps me awake at night.

It ought. Vigilance of our fellows is only half the fight.
‘We must gird [guard] ourselves against the tendencies to
which individuals caught by wartime succumb

Simitarnnies
Reverwers

eg acted pag eg bea pel

:

fea nn toh castors; ;
ett tral rt eh wt

foie yee ciao

—_— = ———— ——

Pall iS 6 goad man. Te kart were fem hin in tne
last few weeks than T have in mardi of dears, this. He's
constorty storing to whet we Say, tdirg those lees
ad Nesta ptr ope np mater
unexpected erm. T cathar he used to nan o geup of us
=" horters" os he cals us - down sath. Apparintiy things
| wert bed. I'm ret surprised, Ushle Pad is ¢ great orcket

God cdmiristrater, be hasn't cert the ss you reed to
cher The ere on ton. bid. He cchrewledes tat rea,

ae Riot

ord is gate happy to let me betel the group when we atiahy
fea pep omer ea de ;

Lm dmost in ayeemerd with him ever the idea tat
we con be os choreerous 4o other herders os the enemy
con. However, he Sees what he cals "extremsts" — people
chsessed with kiting morsters ~ os the darcer. I dsccree.
"The. people who ctn't see what o red threct tie: bidder
ores pose oe fa mere of 6 dhrmer. Ths worker, pure
Grd Smmple. In ory wor, you dont stop to tak 40 the
ther side uriess yeu're gathering indelignce, You bi them
ard heep iting them urd they're & cecal or the

Bysraspcrs:
Observation: L baad theugt that we "hurters*
$k into two broad cate : those, the me, who
i , ard those who ae

ago. i had just left the place. she had asked me to take some
white supremacist flier, but forgot the thing. just asi got tomy
car, ‘heard her call my name. she was standing in the doorway
ofher shop and holding up an envelope. i pur my car keys back
then there was.a flash behind her. next thing

she's ok bur when I got right up toher i could see half of her was
bume up. I thought I could save her with the healing touch
thing I've seen other chosen do it. why didn't it work?
Subject: Cassie247

— ee ee ee oe ae |

ee —_— — OT

First and foremost people, we cannot jump to conclu-
sions here. Recent discussions on the forum make a strong
circumstantial case for this attack being Peleus' work. I don't
think we should assume that to be the case, however. I'd like
to doa limited roll call of list members who are currently in
the Seattle area and available to lend a hand on this. Please
email me directly, rather than the list.

Tor hunter.list@hunter-netorg
From: pilot56
Subject: Re: Cassie247

Hold your hones, Witness. Traveler, if you're still in Seattle,
‘un-ass che area pronto. Assuming you're in any shape torun for it,
Imean. The; isabout tobe swarmed by ATF agentsand every
other three-lerrer D.C. cop you can think of. Seattle is not, 1
repeat, not a good place for imbued in general right now.

One reason I sent that anonymous open warning last
year to hunters who'd had recent face-time with Peleus was
this disappearing act he did from a medical examiner's slab
‘cout west. Shaka's source on that was correct. The guy was
declared dead at one point. He just didn't stay that way.
‘Uncle Sam took an interest because of the breadth and
frequency of similar events nationwide and abroad. One of

} the chings the government has been doing is "sweeping up"
after these little "vanishings" to avoid mass panic. Just like
they did after New Dijon turned into a liceral ghost town.
Lower and middle echelon feds think they're up against a
black-market ring that's stealing bodies for illicit genetic
research. I don't want to go into a lot of detail here. Really,
the less you guys know a this crap, the better.

‘What youdoneed toknow is this eversince Peleusdidasong
and dance at the former Friendship Coffechouse (Cassie's place),
it had been under government surveillance. I leamed as much
tonight, after the place went up in flames, or 'd have wamed you
guys sooner. Traveler, if you're reading this, be aware thar they

| wed your photo to their artists' renderings of the long-sought
"African-American Man in Pajamas at New Dijon." And they
tan your license plates. Sorry my friend, but you have been made.

Finally, Peleus was not the culprit in this fire-bombing. Not
directly. He hasn't been in Washington State since he and Cassie
had their sidewalk chat outside the coffeehouse. He certainly had
ahand in it— preliminary spectrometry says 97.5% match with his
other arson sites — but he didn't deliver it. He got himself a helper.

Do youryelves a favor: clear out of the Pacific Northwest
for a spell. If you can. Traveler, good luck and Godspeed.
To: hunter.lise@hunrer-net.org
From: shophet125
Subject: WHAT THE FUCK?

Pilot wrote:

> the less you guys know about this crap, the better

Better for who? Not Cassie for damn sure.

The United States government knows about Peleus. It
has known about him since he st being a corpse. The
feds have pictures of this prick. know what he's been
doing and haven't done shit to stop him!

‘ Do I have this right? And if so, since you know where
Peleus isn't, tell us where he is so I can park a bullet in him.
Subject: Re: Cassie247
From: witness!

To: hunter.lise@hunter-net.org,

Pilot, can you tell us how many imbued mi

compromised at Cassie's? Obviously, anybody

thave been
got caught

be» ee i

up in that mess Cassie described ought to be worried, but
what else does the government have!

To: hunter.list@hunter-netorg

From: pilot56

Subject: Re: Cassie247

>anybody who got caught up in that mess Cassie de-
scribed ought to be worried

‘Actually, I'm not sure that's crue. I think the con-
centration has been on Peleus: who he is, who he was,
how he might have gotten the way he is, why he doesn't
register the same way that other "morgue escapees" doon
the machines they have. Plus, from what I can tell,
Cassie put a bit of a lid on things after the rail yard
episode. It seemsto have taken something out of her that

\e never got back

I think the lack of interest in imbued other than
Peleus has the same roots as the puzzle he represents to the
analysts here. We don't register on the scanners my col-
leagues use. Thank God, or they'd have nailed my ass ages
ago. I chink Cassie and the others just look to the feds like
normal citizens that Peleus "conscripted." I don't get any
sense from the records that they're wise to any element of
mind control or whatever actually happened there. Other-
wise, they'd be a lot more scared by the guy than just
curious about him.

Personally, I'm with Shophet. Peleus needs killing.
To: hunter list@hunter-net.org
From: driver300
Subject: Re: Cassie247

>Peleus needs killing.

I'm reluctant to condemn someone I don't even know.
Suill, nothing I've read here gives me the sense that he might
change. Pilot, why haven't you guys just grabbed him for
study up close and personal?

Tor hunter.list@hunter-net.org
From: shophet!25
Subject: Re: Cassie247

Pilot wrot

>Peleus: who he is, who he was, how he might have
gotten the way he is

You know his real name? Witness, what do we have to do:
here, vote? I vote foran imbued APBon Joe Mayhem or whoever
the fuck he is. Who else has to die before we move on this?
Subject: Peleus
From: memphis68
To: hunter lise@hunter-net.org

I vote for death.

Subject: Re: Peleus
From: witness!
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

I'm pasting the physical description of "Clarence," the
hunter who I believe Soldier. Shophetindependently
matched this information in an exchange we just had off list.
*Clarence," "Clarion," and, according to Shopher, "Clancy"
are all aliases that Peleus uses, in addition to "Mayhem."

>Tall, rangy, good ol boy wearing a bandanna with the
‘Confederate flag iow over his eyes. High cheekbones, rough,
tanned face. He'd been outdoors a lot. Blue, blue eyes.
Aquamarine, even.

nt A Ens a |

OOOO ae

>All that matters is, the man who did this is tattooed
up the ying-yang with some weird kind of signs thar I can't
quite explain.

Pilot, whar do you have to add to this?

Tor hunter list@hunter-netorg
From: shopherl25
Subject: Re: Peleus

‘Witness wrote:

>man who did this is tattooed up the ying-yang with
some weird kind of

>signs [snip] what do you have to add to this?

It looked at one point like the only reunion I was
going to have with my "savior" would be at the medical
examiner's office that Pilot mentioned. That would have
been fine with me, but I'm thinking now that Peleus had
already walked out of the morgue when I got there. I'm
never going to believe this guy is dead until | see his
rotting carcass.

The clerk at the morgue was really nervous when I
asked about the body of a John Doe from a car crash, so T
"sniffed" him for lies. He reeked. He made me track down
acase number, which cost more time, but in the end it was
worth it. Turns out this clerk had been collecting Polaroids
of tattoos on corpses for years! Peleus exited before they
could autopsy him or even make official photographs (I
tried to get the pictures shot at the scene of his "fatal" car
crash, but they were sealed). This clerk, though, had made
pictures of the Nazi fuck's tats on the sly. After I threat-
‘ened to expose his little hobby, he was happy to share the

h e. Witness, with your permission I'll try to
nan email as attachments. Even if have to

scanner.
Tot hunter list@hunter-net.org

From: driver300

Subject: Re: Peleus

So that's it? Now he's just a marked man? What, am I
expected to shoot it out with him if [ sce him in line at
McDonald's? Witness, I'm not sure this is the way.
Subject: Re: Peleus
From: bookworm55
To: hunter.list@hunter-net.org

Driver's right, Witness. If your motive here is to prevent
farther loss of life, posting what amounts to a death warrant
for Peleus is a strange way to do it.

Every description of him here makes Peleus seem rei
sonably intelligent. Can we at least try to reason with him?
Tor hunter.lise@hunter-net.org
From: shophetl25
Subject: Re: Peleus

Bookworm wrote:

>Can we at least try to reason with him?

Thank you Neville Chamberlain. Mr. Hitler, you have
the floor.

Appeasing Nazis does not work.

Nobody said anything about appeasement, Shophet!
What you guys are doing is just as bad as what you accuse

—

Peleus of: betraying and killing allies! His crimes don't justify

yours. Not that anything I say has any weight here. Obvi-
ously, Witness has already made his executive decision.

out. The things that exis outside of us, theiranewerto us |
death. We're cattle to them. Skinbags. Masks to wear.


And by thy sword shale thou live, and shale serve thy brother:
cand it shall come to pass when thou shalt have the dominion, that
thow shale break his yoke from off thy neck.

— Genesis 27:40

Brovuzes x Arms

"CANCER IN TRE SYSTEM."

Tnose words. I get them at least once a day.
A whisper right before I kill, or letters forned

| sm arying blood. In the glare off a knize. In
the code printed on a red wire. Or hovering in
& cloud of cold breath.

It's getting worse. All of it, I mean. The
world, the people in it, us. There's a critical
mass. It's all coming to a head. There is more
of our kind, but the monsters still outnumber us
Hordes of the fucking things overwhelming us.
Things are happening. The weather's unpredict=
able. Dry sunners. Warn winters. The seasons are
Diurring together. Storns, earthquakes, floods.
The television, lying constantly, wants us to
Delieve it's all Mother Mature, that this is part
of sone sort of cosmic cycle of ¥1 ¥ifos, 31 Kifas
and solar flares. But it's not. It's then. The
corrupters. The sick fucks who're pulling the
strings on our world. Or maybe the natural world

| is rebelling against then. I don't know. I just
know it's getting worse and that sooner or later

re going to see @ major meltdown.

Biggest problem is, I'm going up against it

| lone. The weight of the world is equare on my
shoulders, and no one else is offering to help.
atlas. I's like atlas. Propping up the world as

—

cancer eats it from the inside out. Soon I'11
be left holding a shell.

I want help, dut every tine I get involved
surrounded by
People who aren't willing to act.
Runters who wouldn't know sacrifice ir it bit
then on the ass. Unprof Enot ional
Their personal agendas crash together like
waves. Wothing gets done. Half the tine I have
to burt thes or force their hand. Or kill the:
It's the only way I can get anything done. when
4t all cones down, when the world is crawling
with things that see us as nothing nore than 00d
oF slaves, we'll all regret wbat we weren't able
to do. Our inability. Our unwillingness. It'1l
de Hell, and we'll all be punished. We'll look
to each other and wonder why we were afraid to
take it all the way.

I baven't killed anything in just under «
month. Trenty mn days. I worry that I've
contributed to the spread of the malignancy. Iz
I was at the hospital and an oncologist let
cancer go a month without treatnent, the patient
Bepecisily if it were one of the
ive cancers like nesothelioma. We'd
have nothing lezt but a cadaver. I worry that
by hesitating, I've already wasted too mich tine
and lost the chance. In this operating room,
hesitation is as good as mrder.

— ee ee ed

edneil — eS

I've been searching, instead. Hurting Zor help.
Tae candidates are siiz. Richard Daley hung hinself
with a garden hose. While I'm disappointed that he
won't be Zighting with =e, I'mhonored that he chose
to Dow out of @ calling that he clearly couldn't
answer. Fe did the right thing. There are a few
others on the list that I'd like to find, but they
still have their problens. Crusader's hotheaded.
Cop and Shaka — doth dead or missing. There'
someone called "Thurston" I'm having trouble
tracking down.

So, it comes down to the sniper. He's
dangerous. Prom the trail I following,
4t's painfully obvious that hie motives are
skewed, that he's driven by his own agenda. That
I don't like. But he's good. Bager. I can
straighten biz out.

That's what I've been doing for the last
month. Tracking him. Turning over every rook
that even snells of hin. He's way too public —
hanging & cop, @ dlack cop, in Hew Orleans?
Didn't he think the world would notice? Best
‘the leads the police and feds have, I ound one
that nay take ne to him

Bis mother. It's just too bad she's dead.

Te Tarn Suate Meer

When I stated this dary ain, I
iro ies sree nes SPT TEE
See eee nas iibep tkbretee ce
tat thn, honing bas aeadhy beer kare. It sheaitd have bear,
cbvious to welhy the way Z raterdieed avoy the mumcry

barks, just os L ch whan I wes ¢ kid = aber wey Fethar
roped ine. Whatever's beppered 40 we, to of us, bas
tired we intl mere than ore purson tin. T with Gres

were bare. T don't kireay wing T ever wilsed cut on bir,
Tet & seems so stupel row.

Twas cAsessed. Obsessed with destranyrg te thirgs.
To stop them hurting pecple Waa Twas hurt. T ehebn't wart
corpora to feel that por. I oblt rediee 4 werd rea, bet
that's whet wes ditirg me ketwards. Wipirg cart the bastards
bebere tex, marry peciple Subbered. The. problem is, there's
crether pat of me that goes hurter than that = that bas
Stopped thirkirs deut mertives ond geeks ord jest words to
wipe aut every one of them. Ard she dtSn't care whe,
gets wn the way. AA east, that's what Tre been totl. T

can't see ony reaser whey Pad weil be cheat the "erties"
me. Te come 6A crcl, Tie net stiecphrert Tm
Subberirg Miitiple Perscr ety Uiserder, jst the T abel ox 6
Kel. "Tisd the T ched tst time T kept o dlay the 4h.

Wher I get hack to the Sat exter, Pad wes wot
foe Card eck t Soded Sipe
Show up," he sad "Where bare youu bean?"

T got defersve: "What business 5 4 of yours?"

He hecked avay stothy." Lock, calm dawn, Kirsty. THs
is reaky impartard. Where were you eater ths enwe,
coud 6 pm?"

"ZL wes 3

Are yeu sure? Where were you execs

T wracked my bron, but hemever bord J
ceaddh't remember. That warred we. T hare,
that tare biel bears Got of times the. that in the test
few mets, ord T harew ~ ox thenmget T bart ~ wheat
 weart. Prad's rect words condiowed it.

"Look, Kirsty, T hen yexeire going to find this hard
to beleve, but T think you have c problem. I visted
crether goup in. Stitirg. "They worded we to reed the
wowen who get same of them letied and whe heal
threatened the rest of tham nto cbeyirg bur, I sod I'd
cho what T ceatd to balp. I hare some expererce with
these whnve ta ke.

"De gert'a debt of my awn on that score that TY
ever be die to repoy. Ariguoy, we woted ber bar. When
sha vive... # war you."

FT daln't ready hear what he said next. Z felt te room
5p 5 cokpeed cn tm sofa Z thik T stoted crys.

tha toe T puted myselt tone ther, Pad was Hire next
40 me, way hit corterned. Two of the others
were in the roem, too. One of them was drying to corcad
one of the gus T riched fem thn TA.

T must ‘bare beer bobbing, hecase Pad shed

tasty, what do you mecny

"4's happened ain?"

F ted bine. hast the cuse, cheart the Med I
developed to try ord ded wth 4. T4 told bine out the
psychetherepy that everdudby wade me more or ess
whole ain. He told me at cheut what happured ot the
sake house in Stirs. About his shock wher I walved
by Beat hese fi debn't recognize him, ond started
co ergy od mating threits, especihy when he
Patel clang that ba raw me. Appaerdy the otter
me cated him & "scssercch bastard" are threctered to
tt baie if be cheln't leave. "That's whry be brought the
others to see

T thought I bed werythirg wrdler cordrol. Things
seemed to be So wet. Ard raw ths? I reed tine
40 think hart tha Otbars hare So weary qastins, Tm rot
sue T Con orswer tham yet. Lim ret sare Tre recchy
to face up to what I - or my other set - bas dere. I
fareww that 4's arcs, very wresre, by any retred Starches.
Bt of me con't help hut be ool when I hear cheat

heppered in Stitore. It's' os ib she wes chirg
werttirg Ive worted 46, everythirg Tee bed to fipt
to step myset from dirs. : i
Dends wore rac Deve

Saul committed hinseli to seeking the ghost
of Samuel to find out why things were so terrible

Sis lia

4m the world. Why was the Philistine army so
fierce? Why was God no longer speaking to the
world? How thick were the wages of man's sin?
And so he went to the damnable witch or Endor-
She conjured the spirit of Samel. and Sul was
to be exiled trom God.

I'm afraid that I, too, may be cursed. Did
Take a mistake by consulting with the spirit
ef Peleus' nother? I can't say for sure. I have

|Bever enjoyed negotiating with the thing
necessary it may have been. By
the shit out of me.

and violence. But today I found her.
Today I talked with her.

She haunts the scenes of his killings. I
her the first tine outed
2 of that project. I went for her,
Dut her hair and dress whipped like she was in
Sone kind of otorm and then she was gone.

The next tine I saw her was at the tree where
he bung the cop. She was just staring up, ber
filthy dress in tatters around her. Fer south
opened and closed, but no sound out.

At first, it didn't look 1 were going
to get anywhere and I was just going to have to
pat her back in the ground without any reward:
She was gibbering, howling, clawing at her selz.
A hot wind kicked up. Her pupils were locusts
crawling around inside the whites of her eyes.
She didn't seex capable of speaking, just a rant
of lunatic jabbering.

‘Then I sau it. There were answers in her ey:
— past the vermin.

Her eyes told ne who she was. Whose nother
was. They told me sone other secrets about

too. Things he night rot want to know. I
have a fistful of his bullshit propaganda in
sack. I know what he thinks of himselr and #1
He's wrong. It's almost funny how badly
Detrayed his own beginnings.

So, our "conversation" was very productive.
I don't enjoy being in such close proximity to
malignancy, but I recognize the need. One has to
understand the disease to cure it. There are
clues contained within all things.

But, still. Suffer not a witch to live. So
I sent her screaming back to Hell.

Peayinc a Paar

Where do I qo from here? Ive sper lot of time
Ahivking duxrt tit. The others hare beer with me more
o& bess corstortiy for the est week. T don't brea if
these locking oFfer me cr heapire watch over me, Theyre
st thing my cdice on tactics ord the best to ded
with the bidder ones, but they dhn't seam to trust me
arywere. Perhaps thet sheuidn'4 surprise me, but I om sad.
Fust's gone back seurth. He promised to return as Soon oF

Fis wire weak cw. his position & gettirs
pretty terucus there ard be can't abkerd to push # ory
bacthar. 14's pity that be's gare. Thires Seam easier wile

be's courd, od the thers cecept me were recabiy wher

— 2 —_

he veucches for we. Now thet he's gore the tension is
gettirg were ord mere rertcachle,
"Tl have  prohlem. There's ro way of A. I'm
clined insoe. The right, sershie thing to do wuld be
to tun meysut over to Yow actress ord sesh treated.
They put we back toxetiar bekere. The problem is that
T chin't word to. Wht becuse I don't wart to get
better. It's becasse the hidden ores oe stil at there
ord they reed to be cheat with. The were I thir deat
#, the mere plin #t di Seams. The hidden ones chuse people.
They te cbardap of us ker thet cw ards. \Wihry oe
woudl thy bide Wie Heng odo? TE thy weren't o treat
ter us, wiry bare they bidder thaseves Fram us? Throw
they tare to qo od that we have to cet rid of them.
"The other \asty is S48 we. She's just the pot of me
that does the thin shy avoy Koen, Tmo Karey were,
Wel, I wesc chon, "I worked "bx prebest
development. I'm red « hder. Met rey, But Ive got #
in we. was horn when I watehed my Kethar obs
tease thes to me, ord I brew that T warded to bt
hie, Mose' was ham Henwards, os I strugpd 40 come
to terms with whet veel ord the terrible effect bis
use bead cor my . Mope i's ust cre of my
pusundtes Free chidhocd tat I never redy get hol of.
Homers She was bern, she wis the ore that tered those
westards plojrg sather wth the Teviterid Aimy, She Ft
= Tt ~ that ath a gan in my bord ord tearing, I ccikl
cha with arnetiirg, Majie she was raid. She seams to ge
@ step Aether than T'm prepared to'q. The probiem as
see A is that the others can't brilp but see the ticker ores
in haven terms. Thay cssame that they think he us ord bo
thirss Fer Sonier reese «Ss we do. Tett ust isn't thn case.
Té we cemtirue to regard the tries "stage
people," wee duced to loose the faht. We con't copy
juan stordards or human merdity 43 thm, Most
live ins this bubie of seltaprotection, essing tat other
people cre much ie them. Sure, others weds
mistaves. They might ever comet crimes, burt they're sta

Hes)

Where. Even other people are copie of being someting
we woudl 't recur ize 05 buewan, 2 can sti remember the

way ry Fetter locked as be puledd bis dele curt aval mele. we.
choke ont. I wes seven. The ook of pease on hs fee

es en |


ee

hel retire to do with humanity, Mercy doasn't dew fer
the things he did, ord ro, comes close tos mating
hon pay ker what be did to me.

Yet, he was stil ¢ human being. These 4h I ft
ed kdl Gent, They may wel accused on hamean bat
yeu ory bare fo ack et tham with open eves ond you
cor see thet theyre scmetiirg ese. Haw con we
understand what they do ard witet theyre of
Tie recel cheurt te reser ard dsbebet of tin test died
scdbers who extered the German coreartretion comps.
They Saw what bed heen dere to people thure. The tebe
tires. The rope, ter cred torture of uardckl rumebars
of people by otter = whe stated with the save
hese stordads of meray that are comprehersiie 4 us.
The, mere T think chat the hidden ones, the mere
T wordber whet theyre copie of, Te sean them ha.
Tie sean them eat From humans os it 4 was ther right.
That's what I fired so offensive. That they move ovorg
us unseen, that they do what they wart osSumirg re ork
can chaterge them. Thy bebave tke cur masters ard treat
US lke. pets. They treat people lhe my Sether treated me.
Tt fas to stop, My eyes bare been cpered fay to
the use. Moe ny chidbvced prepared we to sea A rere
cleaty than the others can. Mare that's why T con see
werythirg whie they bare to seach te bird ary of it
Tt hast matter tthe erd. "Tm, bidder ores have 40
be Asin cuct, br ye orto tie Wit orl eotrored. "Tree
Side mast pawerhil is to Ste Kem
Yam Léa call be rooms, thd larcarcre acd
ker 6 Few of us to staple dere. Everyora ccadd rise
cqainst tem, with us in the loca. Bt ot this pert, I
fare re ihe how to cchiwe ony of thet.
Sowe have to fred @ way. Urti we do, we bare to
oi. We can't afford to chey human nies, ether. These
tbaras don't ploy fet, So we can\'t. A beater whos rebuses
to bit hela the bet when his opporend does wit lose.
"The hea that there oe rules in war 8 «be told to make
civkors feel better. Introduce people 4o ¢ covcept
gurty and thay' yew cecustowed to 4 over tome, L
knew thet seme of us hare dove thirgs on the burt
that we weatdn't hare dreaved of downy, hekere. Wor
inbererdiy irures you to AS awn excesses, The lower
T uct, the mere come Geuurd to roy way oF
thirking. Te got this lot thinking lie suchers rece,
od Te oly beer ae ime One ep a Even
Fal, « Moody sales manazer Freim Crenphany & ing te
Pg Pees ape ae ca

This syst « step harti ate Deru hes fem,
wala surge of wdeat S| 40 me. What were
Is So uttaty urtie us that my mired rat by dari
he with the others, but by sheltering me fam the worst
Of # inc chbbererd ihervtcty. "That Seawrds lice my Shrink
Faking, bet she was Tape kat Tove, £01 guess Yon Save
bails "true res. Magee 4's for the best this tive reurd.
"The other Kirsty con do what reeds to be dire wien
A reeds to be done, pe eee eee
ee fie yal to cocina 2 shes Bin bf
sal eh alee oh had Soraly to protect my Secret,
apeiiteok, hc woy, T dwest hope so. HE
death mates sense thet way. Tt has ¢ purpose. Dying ot
the. bards of @ marster is c waste. Dyirg to preverd Hie
morsters from edkeing wht s gag cri erche death
- tie death of & marke.

We remember them os the herves they were, wher
the strap is wer. Stay topiot home tet On
but ther'descerderds wil hover them. T can't offerd ta
stay trapped in ths Bat kerever, ber the sive of those
whe hare Greccky dled. I hare to get back cut there ond
do what T do best. I pet mad twat fer the charms
"Tus fas been on too kerg. They're getting Soppy.
Th won't be Bony ream. "Thar 11 be rae opin.
Unecaswine rie Peacue

I still don't necessarily believe
Obviously, I'm willing to accept the po
ity of sone pretty fucked—up things. We're iz |
® world plagued by dexons and devils, which i=
nse seent to imply the existence of = |
it why does God allow such evil? are the
re the creation of a Devil? are we the |
angels of sone blind, idiot god who simply lost
control of bis toy?

‘ast night, in ny hotel room, I took the Bible
out of the nightstand and thumbed through to the
elation. That's what "apocalypse"
ation." The unveiling of some~
thing. We're in that tine. That
looking forward to. and it's us who'll
+ Our eyes have been opened and the wor!
n revealed to us. The creatures aren't
aware of us yet. Hot as a whole. Put they will
de. My kind and I— those who aren't weak-kneed

omen — are going to make enough of @ mess that
joing to have to be noticed. I don't think
that's such « bad thing.

In the book, there's Jesedei, the harlot who
drought debauchery to the world, who cheated God
and destroyed kings. She tried to lead the people
away trom good and into an immortality of ever=
peating sin. In the end, she got what she
God didn't waste any tine. She had her
He put her to death. Put those who fucked
her to death. Put her children and probably her
god~dauned pets to death.

We're in a fatal world. We are the harbingers
of it.

some

Again, I think in nost ways, the Bible is too
full of itself. In sone ways it oversreaches its
authority. Other times it ion't willing to comit
enough. Especially in the Kew Testanent, which is
etiectively the coward's version of the original.
Waatever the case, there's a metaphor in there.
Good connections to be nade. Bits to help ne learn.

I think I inow what we are. I'm pretty sure I
know what we're here to do. I've been doing it on
& small scale, Dut not to the degree that it needs
to be done. God brings judgment to the people. He
brings plagues. He brings floods. His hand rains
baptismal fize to clean the shit out of the
gutters. That's what we are. We're the plagues,
the floods, the locusts. The hand of death.

Put we're not doing enough. I can't be @
plague ali by ayseif. It's true that my ski21i
ny abilities, are peaking. As an individual,
I've alnost reached the pinnacle of my achieve~
ment. I can feel it. But there's more to it. 4

a a ee |

—_—_—_—

| into one, drowning the
against the rocks.

of us. For @ long tine now
the others haven't deen doi:
enough and that they never would. They'
feeble, untrained and blind to what's necessary.
I dismissed then. Put thez out of my head and
4 myself to think that I was the whole hand

of God. But I'm not. 45 mich as I hate to adnit
it, I need then.
i Helping others see the light bas deer
| aizzicult. I've bad to put more than one

unde: 4 terrible

ever into an early grave.

do +:
Daley snapped under the weight, but I think there
are others with stronger resolve. Othe:
be shoun the truth. Sonehow, someway, I
then. Once they're truly aware of the right way

well, the Eleven Plagues will be @ head cold

compared to what we'll eocomplish.
Furvuning rie Mission
Emrey Eiger

Zl have escaped. Tn the chserce of that Ergish

bastard, the others seemed to lose thet gp on're.
T don't thir I hurt ay of them seriously. At

TE Sais

1, warart eiwration. Statin to

that Ereish worker - seem to be in
feral forces. Ceaty, those of us who we
rot Georgette frst rark con be hare by
Spent, Hak parte defense apart the entry's
ise perbaps ys them open to hen
‘thet they ae rok protected. My sofe boas bas
rot been Lompromibed So far, Te bean act for

severd weeks; however, so Ive got ro way of
hreawing whet they've dscovered. L'm 4 webert
e

Leon dary ord hacdiry curt. T mantel 5
weake tn Aberdeen bebe retering to "the tim
treators out. ;

cur Compassion. They haven't
Geneve Corverttion. For fuck's sie, they use the
beckes of cur kwed ores to come back ore attack
us. I con't for ¢ secored beieve that tase waliirg
ae cu cw decal reteredd. Wing weakel tay

coy
be So hostile to us? re some irvasion force that
we have to ded with of at costs.

Based an my recert experiences, I con browhy
ckssity a people into ore of three cotegrns:


Seppor
sapere apitome

vascletion 4a this sthattion te
hat foot thet we we

Is. Some targets seam to
Feed From humans. Others
as servants in

4.
Kose

hy he
for his cctions. He could

ilar fsa

Uherati

Disappointnent ic inevitable as we wade
through the shit to try to find enlightennent.
Laccept disappointnent as a fact of life. Iwill

Did I fail today? I don't

dack in Louisiana. New Orleans, looking
even worse than the last tine I was here. A shit
hole of a town. Achanore. I've stepped in so much
puke and filth I'm amazed I haven't drowned in
it. Drug dealers, porn-pushers, trat-boy date
rapists, underage giris on wrought iron balco=
nies fucking each other with rubber dicks. Sone
are things, sone aren't. and it's not even Mardi
Gras. Hew Orleans is proof, I think, that God
doce not exist. If he did, even he couldn't abide
such & house of sin.

I stood in the middle of Bourbon Street. The
masses flocked around ne, grabbing at each other
like the mentally retarded. and then I heard sone
people talking. Three of then. Standing only a
few feet to ny left. They'd just come out of sone
strip joint. They were talking about "the bunt."
They didn't look wrong. Were they like me? I was
Going to find out.

They were young. The oldest was probably
twenty-five. Two guys, one girl. The girl was
obviously a stripper or whore of sone sort.
Probably the oldest of the bunch. The others were
gust boys. Look like, but I don't think they

re brothers or anything. They were standing
together, trying to keep quiet, but how the nell
do you keep quiet in the nidéle of Hew Orleans?
You don't. I approached.

au.

I a

— ——

Taey wheeled on ne 11ke I might be sone beast
ready to gat them right there. Then they rolled
st one another, like I was just a poor,
nigger looking for # quick fix and &
pot. I omiled and opened my coat. Inside
were tuo pistols, one revolver, six pipe bombs,
& snali banéheld propane torch and « sheathe:
Bowie knire. Then I closed my coat. The rest of
the ignorant throng didn't notice. They we:
busy pawing at one another. But these three knew
what I was showing them.

They asked me iz I was like then. I nodded.
They seemed soared of me. Afraid naybe that I
would pall off ny face and swallow then whole.
Bat I didn't. I just asked if they wanted to be
the part of sonething big. I: they wanted to take
care of business. They didn't say anything, but
I knew they were interested. I told them to get
ready, as we were surrounded, walled in on all
eides by corruption. Then I cranked their sight
and. pushed then, lixe I did Daley.

They weren't the well-oiled machine I was
hoping for. They didn't act in tandem. They
didn't attack with any sort of professionalisn.
Instead, they just sort of.. dove in, their faces
®1l fucked=up and twisted. They didn't grab any
weapons from =e. They just went in with bare
hands and started tearing. Hands and teeth.
Kicking and biting. I'll give them oredit. They
actually got & feu before they were put down.
Osher than that, it was chaos. Hot the chaos I
was looking for, though. A lot of screaming.
Sorority girls banging into one another like
idiots. Everyone pushing. People voniting. 4 re
of the things fought back. Others ran. I shot ai
& few who tried to run. They took @ few to the
back and kept going. I got them later.

Wnen I turned back around, everyone was
fleeing the scene. The shots were the last straw,
I guess. The flock of the ignorant fled, and the
three I cent to battle were in the street. Sach
one bloody and dead. One's Zace locked like a
piece of raw meat.

So what happened? Was it a succe!
or both? Where do I go fron here?

8 failure

Bartz Pus
At this t, fest heck of
setencl ele OnE tard sears ettaation


caryirg art cceasiond missions aginst wed oul — Lesion
isebted tayets to hore ds siis. Orce the
"colcheretor$" baal passed ereuch inkermation ku, to £ 2
T cesdd creer the secard gop to tie dwn the  tomGod plague
Fest ond use the interwation gathered to planaseres together with
of strias that wed faymert and weden the wy hitters.
eremy's power base. 5 that'
At this poirt, subtety way rot be an issue,
Mery of the tagts we extrowely strorg oe!
restart. The key factor is tdsing them claw Fast
ord with os tte charger to the faiters as possiie,
Once we hae Successhiy caried art this
wedel across Scotard, we can send hey wenbers
Of cur Squads into other regars to repeat +. TE
Thare's cba thing" piohad up from that Scgsarach
bastard, it's that this problem is ret confired to
Scotterel. It's ot east Ul—wiele anal possibly spread
farther. Liberation can only be cobieved through o
systematic querila-stye war. g
Maybe LT was too basty in idling cut. Tf T con
fired some way to re~join the Sesserach's goup,
perbaps for an ext pullod of time, I Stare!
@ chance of leaning & good clea cheurt the enemy.
He's qpparentty in clrtict with some other x:
retiorwide. He may actuaby hare compronistd the
Stitirg group, but with time I'm sure T ean bring
them ‘back to my way of thirkirg. Otherwise,
coopuction with the Sasserach maj dow me the
opportunity to wake cordent with other sokers
wrth ¢ Similar cutiock.
The question is haw to achiwe + al.

— _ SS |

= -

—

\ everything cane together.

help, they oan get out of the way or they can try
to find their way out of a body bag. He doesn't
know the words for it yet, but somewhere in there
he knows that if you're not curing the cancer,
you are the cancer. There's no in-between.

He tried to cover his eyes from me and plug
his ears to the things I had to say. I won't give
him too much oredit. Ne's still stuck in his
Dackward mentality, relying too strongly on
impressions he had from before, when he was
asleep, He called me "nigger," he called ze
"coon." Why? Because of the color of my skin?
Skin is just a suit. A costuze. The zonsters wear
then, but we're fortunate to wear thez, too. It's
Just a fucking bag that holds in your guts and
Dlood. He thinks it means something. It doesn't.

Re attacked me, of course. I would've
attacked ne, too, but I was ready for his. 4
syringe filled with home-cooked cocktail. I
jabbed st in his 1eg. The otusf acts quick. I made
sure of it.

And 60 we were able to have a rational talk.
I think I surprised bin when I asked where Wrath
was. Of course, he didn't tell me. But his
reaction confirmed what I suspected since I
read a mescage from Wrath about ui
world like fire, a line I renenbered from Romer.
Just like I renendered the nane "Peleus" from
Honer. Somewhere between The Turner Diaries and
The arsonist 's Bible, I guess he made tine for
The Iliad and it shaped bis thinking about what
he believes we are. We're not classical heroes,
though. We're something els

He's in the other room, now. We're in a hotel
in S1idell, about Zizteen niles outside of Kew
Orieans. » The morphine should be
the
but once I explained the concept of
ity to hin, I think he got it. The lesson

keeping the pain down. He didn't want to lo:
hand,

sakes perfect sense that I killed hin. Some black
militant taking down the white supremacist —who
turns out to be half Cherokee Indian. He didn't
know that and didn't like the revelation much.
Thanks, Mo:

I see now that it's a good thing I never
dothered to track Wrath down after we tried
to work together months ago. I thought about
surprieing him at that hidey-hole of his after
the little coward left me alone in the middle
of @ fight. The new and improved Wrath I saw
in hie emails didn't make sense until I
thought of what I tried to do with Richard
Daley. Once I the Peleus connection,
4nd now I have a

worthy ally.

He's recovering, but slowly. With the fire
I set at Wrath's place, sozeone should zind the
‘teeth we lert behind. and the hand. He'11 be dead
to the world. He's already dead in the legal
sense. Now maybe those lunatics on the list will
Delieve it, too. Dead to then, he'll be reborn

— or ee Se

and together we'll start an army. We'll be &
plague. The second deluge. We'll be the Pirth
Rorsenan.

Germnc By
Decewece iS

Lim mening. D rever theuget Z'd find myst doing
this, het 'm bacdling sexrth to Erelard with Pad. He's
tigirg to estdbiish ¢ raw sfeup of burters daw, there
od T think the test bef wes to be a pat of +. 2
Seam te hare less "ircilerdts" when Pads gourd. I thork
Wwerking my plans through with him eases the reed to
destroy the things that turn me into the "other" me.
Dé Tm qaing 40 stay usekul, Tim quire to tave to try
4o contre 4, "

T think the ethers wre releved to see we go. chon't
bone them. Popaurdy Ive thectered te Stitirg
crowd, ord becky beater Fac of the Gesgew IA in my
escape 6 Few weeks ca. They redy havent got a tot of
reeson 4o trast me. I thirk. the only reason' the States,
et begnit reperted me 4o the peice i thet theyre sth
scared of me. I hate myset ker sayirg 4, bit pat of we
sort of tives the lea, The reahy teush officers wn the TA,
te. ores whe were ready ebbecitin, terribed we - ord ret
just because I'm aww, Some of the men dropped thar
"gets every time cre of thease gays bared or cider. Respect
God fear we tae Sikes of tin Some coin. Lt the troops
chn't respect you, they wort chey yea crelers witheurt
question whan A redy matters.

Cartairiy, the mere twe I spared with others, thn
were eiclerd it heccwes that they've hacky in reed of
lecakershyp, Tes many cof tum pul in béberert drectewrs
wetheurt ony corrdvetion to mde bast use of that
tderds. Each of us seems to be given c défererd set of
s ~ that's ton only wey T can redy thik of these

beare things we con do. 14's os it we have bébererd roles

in the war. Society bas ew toe ters. Tt decodes us
thet we can be whatever we wort. That's renserse. We
di have cur sds ond cptucks orl we shouted do what wale
best suted 40, ret what we hippen to forey.

T's o strugile mating the Ahers see that. SA, the
biden ones mee it easier ber me, Té we don't use the
tools we've bean gen, the, eranny con
us witht much ebbert, ard people que!
assigned roles once thes ives are ct Stave. They're Slowly
guvirg more mitard in ther thirkirg. Pad gets
Trccmbortebie wth d sometiones. I thirds it remirds bin
of his past matiies, bet reminds him of my trong
usualy eases sume of his fears. He'd be hard pressed 46
deny the resuds weve achieved in the last Fein marths.

The war & just beginning. Wher the time for the bs
betes comes, maybe IY have them reccly, That doy &


S38 s—————-—ti—i—C Tz

o ways off yet. Inthe meantime, we've oot rots to kt.
harks chery, but I chon 't think TY reed you orpeere.
Now that Te ccepted what I om ad what I hae
to de, thirgs seem easier. I taven't tad on irciherd sce

that ost Scape trom the Pet in Glasgow. Trew brew
what I ord haw 4o achive At!
Deuivzeanee

It's late. It's raining. I'm tired. It's deen

@ long night. The biopsy is complete, I think.
@ Deen bleeding the patient, cutting out t
tuzors. Put every tine I turn ny back, I feel 1ike
the fucking thing spreads. The cancer moves in
Fight behind ne, just as I finish burning it out.
It's a constant process. I don't think it'11 ever
end. I think I'm going to die this way. Pushing
back the sickness, xicking the infection into the
god-damned ground.

Bat I'm not done. I ay be tired, but I won't
it. Hot yet. I'm not going to sleep... now that

¢ got help.

We're making a choice that we nake over and
over again every day. Every ninute of every
day. To ki12 or not. Society thinks it's wrong,
but society doesn't know it's being bent over
the sink and fucked up the ass. Killing may
= wrong, but it's just another form of
aggressive therapy. We do what we have to. No

therapy is painli It requires work and
sacrifice on the part of the individual ho
works for inprovenent. You don't get better by
sitting on your ass and hoping and praying and
Jerking off. You have to be forceful. Dezand=
ing. Most of 12, devoted.

We're going to change the face of the world
one of these days. I can't lie to nyselr—I know
the place that we'll end up with isn't going to
De the same place we started with. we're cutting
out too much. So mich live tissue is being
chopped out that this place won't be recognis—
able. Bat at least it'll be around. at least
it'll finally be our

So the choice is clear. Do we want @ body,
ite dack riddied with bedsores, its gut bulging
with tumore? Or do we want to fucking survive
& liad short? I know what I want. and I know what

I'll do to get it. The cancer is in the syste.
I'm not the only one who sees that now. In time,
we'll persevere. God rewards the victorious.
Puanin Moron

Observati Pan successtuby imple—
merted. Hare integuted with the Satsarcehs

Gop od thay set to bere eccapted ra. Lats
Jee ee fel re ethos datioe eran
before theyre useess to me.

—_————— a es Ae


1 will give you over to Bloodshed and it wil pursue you. Since
you did noe hate bloodshed. bloodshed wall pursue you
—Exckiel 35:6

Brixcers oF Dear

Questions abound for the chosen. It's exhausting and
haunting to be a hunter, an existence rife with confusion over
purpose, origin and future. Who am I? Why me? What have I
become? No clear answers are forthcoming. Newly awakened
to the monstrous truths of the world, che imbued are left to
wander like children in the dark, groping desperately for
boundaries, scumbling into danger, seeking any guiding light.

Many find meaning and guidance in their methodology,
the way they "take up the hunt." Angry and aggressive people
tend to adopt the mission with passion and fervor, whereas
the compassionate and forgiving can answer the call with a
gracious view on the reality into which they're thrust. Those
with natural insight or curiosity might consider the hunt
with a mind for broad answers or skewed logic. And around
them all are obscure messages and momentary flashes of
unreal insight, a seeming truth that's just out of reach.

Occasionally, however, some chosen emerge with a
sense of purpose and foresight unknown by most others
‘These extremely rare few seem driven beyond capacity,
without question, without hesitation. Some are immedi-
ately, innately and inherently steeped so deeply in an
undertaking that no other course is possible. These few are
subjected to an imperative of such extreme relentlesness
and unforgiving that they seem almost alien to other hunters
—human in body bur inhuman in morality and spirit. These
reactionary chosen can cut a swath through whomever or
whatever they perceive as an enemy or threat. Individuals

—

who stand in the way meet with violence so calculated that
itcould be performed only bya machine—oramonster. Who
are these people? What are these people! Are they Avengers
so far gone that they've lost any shred of compassion? Are
they Martyrs who have given up their last ounce of human
identity? Or are they Visionaries with heads so warped that
they are incapable of restraint!

Or worse — are these hunters something different?
Something new, something no one has ever seen before or
even been able to conceive in their worst nightmares of
destruction and camage?

They are Waywards and they are certainly not "new." The
few Wayward hunters who exist seem tohave been around since
the beginning, awakening among the first echelons of the
chosen — and they continue to appear today. They are ex-
tremely rare, they are brutal and they are like no other hunters.
They are most content when bringing death to monsters and
those near the enemy. Casualties are not merely acceptable —
they're welcome. Waywards are prepared to bum down a
retirement home to get at one blood slave janitor in the boiler
room. While other chosen argue and squabble over plans of
attack or ways of addressing creatures, these hunters wade in,
bent on annihilating whatever is within reach.

‘When most imbued encounter these obsessed hunters,
they get the hell out of the way, calling Waywards psycho-
paths, sociopaths of serial killers. Fortunately, only a handful
of imbued have ever encountered these killers — and probably
wouldn't know it if they did. There's no obvious sign about
these tormented chosen that marks them as outright murder-

ee a EP ne |

xs. A few chosen, however, get close to these Waywards and
witness their work firsthand — and may be changed forever
after. Once the carnage other hunters may discover
that the benefits of being with one of these killers ourweighs
even the depredations that are committed before their eyes.
Just by being in proximity to a Wayward, "leser" hunters
discover that their eyes are opened for them, their gifts come
more easily —andalust for blood can indeed come to seem the
best response to monsters' threat. Some have almost found a
killers company a subele addiction. Ochers lose themselves in

the bloodbath, go mad or simply end up dead.
Why did the Heralds create these madmen? Was there
some sectet purpose? The making of Waywards sill

to occur. They still emerge from time to time, launching into
a frenzy at cheir imbuing. But why? If they're so destructive,
why do they still arise? Some theorize that such deviants
fepreent an error committed once that since spiraled out
‘control — perhaps even out of God's control. Like a
Frankenstein's monster, maybe they were built for one pur-
pose, could not fulfill t and now chrash about in a rage as they
search for another calling. Then there are those hunters who
genuinely fear even to divulge the notion that the psycho-
paths may have been put in place to mark the way for all
imbued — to be leaders in a war that lacks direction. Or
maybe, just maybe, Waywards aren't broken at all. Maybe
they're just the way the Heralds want them. Maybe it'sall the
other hunters who are broken. No one knows what hunters'
‘creators intended — or intend. They only suspect that the
touch of divine hands can yield some very tragic results.

Wavwads x Puay

Weaywards are members of a "lost" creed, intended for a
leadership, counsel and militant role but scrachow.... broken in
the proces. This chapter gives youall the rules and
tips to help you portray a member of this errant group. Ie should
giveyou ‘on which to create someone who wasonce
a (relatively) normal person and who ss suddenly and drastically
ushered toward a remonveless and grisly destiny.

Pring tesod day eabeay thor Videu primary Vice
term c their Vision primary Virtue
with a grim resolve encountered in no other. The combina-
Ton of their insight and violence suggests m purpose as
warlords or military strategists spiraled out of conerol. Now
all that scems to remain of any such ideal is an imperative to
destroy and a keen sense fot ways to inflict the greatest harm.

Ir'sunlikely that any imbued crosses paths with one of
these hell-bent chosen, but it occasionally occurs
perhaps once in a hunter's brief lifetime. If you play a
psycho, which should probably be the only one of her kind
in our chronite bi chepts beie roa dete berate:
rent path. vis chapter offers rollplaying tips, edges,
Backgrounds, Traits and other possibilities that allow you
wear the skin of a Wayward.

The warmongers are violent, hateful and utterly ob-
sessed with destruction. They may be integral to overcoming
the darkness — the chosen warriors of some god gone
horribly astray — or they may be a fire-blackened, inscru-
table piece in an otherwise jumbled puzzle. You decide.

Tuose Gone Asraay
Ww.

look le other anaes (dhovgh soant don't =—-s00— "Signs

the Righteous," p. 91), but they're a whole other division of
soldier. As such, they're subject to some unique character-
creation rules. These qualifiers, "benefits" and exceptions are
some of the things that make a Wayward an outcast among
the imbued. Not least of these qualities is Waywards' starting
Conviction of 4 — the highest among the Vision creeds.
Denanccxcer

It doesn't matter who your Wayward was before he was
pulled headlong into the madness. He might have been a
shop teacher or a militant terrorist — his previous identity
does not and cannot prepare him for the imbuing. especially
not the particular kind that confronts him. The knobs that
control aggression, hate, anger — every one of them is
cranked past sane limits. The volume of violence that shrieks
in his ears is all-encompassing.

And so a potential Wayward has a choice. His mind
snaps and he's eta gibbering dio, or he somchow runs the
gauntlet of change and perseveres to emerge remade into an
entirely new person. But the only way a candidate can endure
{s through outright insanity. Madness is a convenient back
door for a Wayward. It makes him capable of contending
with barbaric cravings and impulses, allowing him to endure
the horrid trauma of the imbuing. The transformation is
harrowing and the bain copes the only way it can — by
breaking and mending, never perfect, but still allowing some
form of distorted and warped cognition.

Each Wayward begins the game with one mandatory
derangement, brought upon him by sudden and irresistible
desires for slaughter and ruin. This disorder ts invariably
among the mast extreme, traumatizing diseases that the
human mind may suffer. Some of the more disturbing

~ *imbalances thar afflict Waywards include Schi:

(Hanter_p. 204), Megalomania (p, 205), Sadism (Hunter
2 Martyr, p. 74), Compulsive-Aggressive Disorder
(Hunter Book: Avenger, p. 69), or one of a whole slew of
ble lity disorders (two of which are detailed

er in this chapter).

‘One of the most unfortunate facts of this punishment is
that a Wayward is hopelessly married to her derangement.
The mind copes in the most bewildering of ways and allows
the hunter todo what she senses must be done. And the mind
doesn't stop trying to cope. It opens the door to making
atrocities possible and tolerable. Waywards' madness ts unre-
lenting and untreatable. Your character is incapable of
alleviating her illness. It's her companion for the remainder
of her brutish days.

There is small comfort, however. Whereas most chosen
begin to manifest derangements at Virtue ratings of 7, your
‘Wayward doesn't acquire additional ailments until attain
a rating of 9 in any Virtue. Perhaps your murderer's initial
affliction helps protect against — of simply dwarfs — further
mental fractures. Or maybe he is so hardened to calamity
early on that almost nothing can faze him afterward. Either
way, Waywards don't gain further derangements until earn-
inga9th and 10th point in any Virtue (although, by the time
your character gains a Virtue rating of 10 and commensurate

ty to the Messengers, derangements are probably the
of his worries, even for a Wayward).
Pecruinc Sica

When the Heralds set out to create hunters who wind up
as Waywards, they presumably believe the mortal mind can
(and needs to) deal with seeing the true world revealed at all

Dee a em wr |

costs, at all times. What good would chosen warlords and
generals be if they couldn't identify their foe? With their
"eyes" constantly open, the agents of the divine could be
battle-ready and able to spot monsters' corruption at any
given moment. The result is that Waywards' second sight is
always active. Every rot, leech, shambler, flicker or other
supernatural being — menace or not — in a Wayward's field
of vision can be seen without effort. As usual with the sight,
soactual identification ability is conferred — someone looks
wrong or seems off, but not necessarily in any specific
Your Wayward doesn'tnecessarily know what he sees, but
sure as hell knows it's not normal.

Asa result, youneed never spend Conviction to turn on
your character's second sight. It's perpetually active. Note,
however, that this benefit does not confer the other bonuses
thatcome with Conviction expenditure. No protection from
mind., emotion. or body-control powers or effects is granted
to your character. If you haven't spent a point of Conviction
for protection and a leech performs some sort of mind
manipulation on your character, the character is subject to
the power. You have to spend Conviction to activate the
defense mechanisms that normally coincide with second
sight, even though your character can "sce" at all

If they survive long enough, Waywards generally realize
s soon as they spot a monster, it's prudent to bring their
to bear as a defense. (You can always choose when to
activate your character's self-protection effects, or the Story-
teller can allow you and your character to "react with
Conviction" when monsters are near or when use of their
capabilities is somchow sensed — see—Hunter, p. 133.)

The irony, of course, is that bearing uninterrupted
witness to the horrors of the world only furthers Waywards'
madness and perpetuates their condition. They can never
escape the sickening knowledge that the world is corrupt and
dying. Creatures and their poisonous touch are sensed every
where. Constant second sight is therefore a double-edged
sword — it's Waywards' greatest weapon but also an open
wound in the soul that can never heal.

As a corollary to Waywards' persistent sight, they can
never possess observation edges such as Discern, Witness or
Illuminate that allow for the identification of creatures' na-
tures, qualities or traits. Killers are allowed to spot a creature
when it's present, but they are denied the faculties to distin-
guish one kind of being from another. Monsters are all simply
wrong, off or tainted, without distinctive shadings. And in a
sense, such ignorance makes Waywards' role easier to stom-
ach. There's a certain bliss chat comes with the ignorance of
not knowing which enemy is better or worse than another
They must all be destroyed, whether well-meaning spirit or
rampaging shapechanger. That's all that matters

wong Cuices

Waywards are ruled by their ailments and by their
obsession with monsters' destruction. Their madness rules
them from day one, pushing them to ever more gruesome acts
of carnage and wanton slaughter. They might not have been
intended to act as killing machines, bur that's how their
message has been received.

There is slight relief to their plight, however, in the
presence of Visionaries. Whether this respite suggests a
once-intended relationship of respect between Waywards
and Visionaries or isa glimmer of aknight-and-lord model in
an existence otherwise gone horribly awry is unknown. The

tha

— ——_— a

__" °°.»

cause of killers' calming may not be important any longer.
The bottom line is that maniacs' ailments are alleviated
somewhat in proximity toa Visionary. Whereas your charac-
ter might normally act on even the most sadistic whim when
left to his own devices, you may spend a Willpower point to
"tum off" his prevailing derangement (the one acquired at
character creation) for a single scene as long as a Visionary
is still within sight or earshot — even over a phone or on a
television. The Visionary and his player need do nothing to
initiate, encourage or maintain this calming effect.

A clarity can overcome your character in these moments.
His murderous instinct eases briefly and he may think rationally
for the duration, almost the way he did before the imbuing. He
can coordinate activities and speak coherently even if he was
enraged moments before. In fact, your character may recognize
the atrocities he has committed of lare and be overwhelmed by
the guilt, anguish or remorse that would normally result for any

| sane penon. This emorlonal afering ls largely a roleplaying
‘opportunity, any impact on game mechanics. The
downside to the effect isthat after the eye of the storm passesand
the attending Visionary is gone, the maelstrom resumes —often
worse than it was before, because your character can torment
himself for having shown weakness or regret.

Tue Imeuing

A Wayward' imsbuing is serious. That's not £0 say that
other hunters go through some frivolous, bulluhit rite of
passage, but a Wayward births ile-and vind
right from the very start. Many or all of the qualities and
values held dear from previous existence fall away because
they come to be seen 4s soddenly ftile, empey or extrava-
gant. The path to a new course of ction and direction is
clear, and it can lead through a field of bodies.

Deseruction runs rempant at a Wayward's imbuing. Casu-
alticscan be high— among any beasts present, but also among.
any unfortunate pasensby and even among any hunters awake
Ferrer ober scone rece Whatevermonster
ispresent is something ofa represencationsl target —an object
See ry a ee ee

Jor suddenly been invested with, to degrees never before
known. Fear, hate, anger — it all runs white-hot and is turned
on the creature (or creatures) at hand.

‘Wham! The plan imprints icseifon the Wayward's mind,
forever lighting her cwisted peth. The snewer becomes clear.
Annihilation is the solution to every question, problem and
puzzle she's ever faced. And it makes sense. The Wayward's
Peyche provides all the necessary buffers to accepe auch a
radical agenda. Maybe she was a doctor who now simply
undencands that she must purse this "monstrous plague
from the world. Maybe she always resented men and now an
actual bloodsucking man crouches before her to represent
every intolerable male quality. However the Wayward man-
date manifess, yoone sort of unfsthomable equation races
through the newly imbued person's mind, erasing old thought
and morality patterns, heightening others or imposing en-
tirely new ones. And all the patterns point to deadh

In the moment sgh Midis hrrar igor cs so

if, NO is safe. in a maniac's or uy
SS tpretese aikl he bas rotten chyacatee Seat chert
probably "with the monster" and could gcx mighty dead,
nighty quick. The notion of "innocent people" may very well
Bealicn toa Wayward. Nobody's tly innocent ight? After

all, everybody hurts other people in some way, at some time.
Monsters' corruption must have everyone. So why
not just kill them all?

The Wayward imbuing isn't always quite that extreme,
but it can be. And regardless of severity, the imbuing forever
resonates in a Wayward's mind. He may not know it does so
— some maniacs are so disconnected that they don't even
remember their imbuing. But it's there. In the back of the
head, waiting to provide paper, pencil and inspiration with
which to plan a lethal crusade.

(Of course, an imbuing scene may involve the awakening
of one or many hunters. A Wayward being birthed into the
madness can be prety dangerous for any other burgeoning

it. An Innocent may open eves to the
spaced Ox er acaly tee Wermass yaa
her into traffic because she's "not helping."

There are ways, however, to make the situation work for
the troupe and your chronicle, to create an organic whole out
of the experience — even with a Wayward in the mess. It's
useful from the outset to encourage players' awareness that,
although some disagreements may arise between them and
their characters during play, the troupe and the hunters need
to work together. The imbuing is a fantastic place to high-
light this necessity, especially with an up-and-coming
‘Wayward on the scene. Consider that a psycho manifests
edges as does any other hunter, but particularly Impart,
which allows him to activate other hunters' second sight.
The Wayward does so to make the others aware of the threat
present and to aid him against it, but he also does the favor
of alerting them to trouble, even if he isn't fully aware of the
effect he inspires. Maybe other characters on the scene
simply sense that the "maniac" among them is somehow
integral to knowing what's really going on around them.

It's also a good idea to indicate how hunters in an
imbuing scene complement each other in order to.
thata potential Wayward can need allies, and they can need
him. A Defender may work to heal a Wayward who throws
himself at chis walking nightmare they face. A Visionary may
be able to focus a Wayward somewhat when she would
‘otherwise tear up the entire place. A Redeemer might even
be believed to "bless the I" in the aftermath of the
imbuing to help the fallen move on to their final reward
rather han ree a rer the words erin

t being, no one is safe at a Wayward's imbuing.
Paes fore important to make sure that everyone has apart
to play so that characters and players recognize the impor-
tance of all participants. Afterall, even a rampaging Wayward
may appreciate the person who swings tire iron at one of the

things, or he may: the person who can miraculously hold
beasts in place to faeces ay aoe
Iewriyinc & Wayward

The emergence of Waywanks among the chosen isa
rare event. Whether the Heralds' induction of individuals into
the creed has intentionally been reduced to a trickle or the
creation of such imbued could not be stopped once it was
bean, Warwands among playes (or the Stortlle' charac:
ters) ought to be extremely uncommon. They simply don't
spring up at every tum. The Messengers don't crowd the earth
with these broken warlords. Don't expect more than one or
one Ss pele Seas Yaar sen ond Yor asa
ing cast. That s2id, you and your Storyteller should
Jaow when they can slip ln through the cracks.

a ce SSS ee

Both ysical conflict : o
petit Fie Rote wi hy iene
two,

Avengers are adherents of Zeal. As Zealots, At
‘ers tend to seize the moment, fueling their actions
‘passion, the embers of wrath. They are driven
by their emotions, thete desire to victimized
and pepierioampenics gach yA ) have
wronged them or others.
Waywards don't operate that way. They're follow-
ers of Vision and as such aren't necessarily motivated

mm ee A

It's probably not best for your Storyteller to assign the
Wayward creed arbitrarily. The burden of playing such a
fractured character should not be forced on any player. The
decision to have a Wayward in your game — and who
exactly portrays one — should be settled by the Storyteller
and the best potential player. As the introduction to this
book states, it cakes a mature mind and player to roleplay a
psychopath— and to still make the game enjoyable for
everyone else involved

Fortunately, there is a back door out of being saddled
with a Wayward character, even if the person behaves in
ways appropriate to the creed during the imbuing. There are
definitely differences between Avengers and Waywards, but
the behaviors and attitudes that separate them could also be
rationalized to allow a potential Wayward to manifest as one
of the Vengeful, instead. Maybe your character's wrath for
monsters was in fact the product of a perceived wrong from
the past as opposed to being anger for its own sake. Your
character therefore doesn't develop any Wayward edges or
manifest any initial derangement, after all. Or maybe a
character who throws himself at monsters during the imbu-
ing doesn't actually do so to slaughter them all, but to spare
other people harm by the things (and so a Martyr is born
instead of a Wayward).

Waywards are a distinct lot, clearly apart from the rest of
the hunter creeds, with their own bent and defining lines
‘What follows are some conditions or qualities about a person
that could lead him to become a Wayward. They suggest who
your character might be before the imbuing and what he
could become afterward.

ion: Those who become Waywards are not
typically the type to "take things lightly." They don't step
back from a situation to gain perspective, and they certainly
aren't willing to play devil's advocate to talk things through.
They take care of a situation as soon as possible. They get in
other people's faces, they start fights and they rage against
those they don't agree with or whom they just don't under-
stand. Their answer may not always be violence — it may be
yelling, acting up, driving fast or some other stress-venting
act. But more often than not, they bully their way through a
uation, and that can definitely result in punches thrown
— or worse, shots fired.

This sort of behavior can definitely be exemplified in
the imbuing. The Wayward docs not try to see "all sides" of
the situation when confronted with the inhuman. He may
even force a monster's hand before it gets to commit any
offense. The creature may not even intend to commit an
offense, but must now defend itself. People who are naturally
aggressive and who behave so at the imbuing probably don't
back down from any being encountered and instead attack
relentlessly, thus ushering themselves into a broken exist-
ence thereafter.

Hatred: Some people harbor a deep, unfounded loathing
for some institution, philosophy or group. No mere "dislike,"
what drives some potential Waywards is downright abhor-
rence, tempered with a strong streak of revulsion, and could
stem from just about any source. Hatred often derives from
bigoted beliefs: prejudice based on race or ethnicity, strong
sexist stands, bias that targets others due to their gender
preferences. Or itcan be more focused, such as hatred of people
in higher economic brackets or "those God-damn Democrat
bastards." The target of a person's vitriol can be very broad or
very specific, depending on the individual in question.

=a


mine

Hatred can certainly determine a potential Wayward's
course at the imbuing. The essence of your character'senmity
seems to manifest in a monster 6 one of "them," whoever
that might be. It doesn't even matter whether the creature
looks of behaves like the target of your character's loathing.
He sees it that way according to his own skewed reasoning.

‘Thee enboing can slo lea a prospective Wapwerd down
new, mitguided paths of hatred, gwing ne to fresh
ceaseless aggression. Nan chantsrsertom tensatericr ot
"niggers" before, but now he pethaps suspects thar inhuman
creatures are responsible forall people whom he perceives as
tainted, thus making room to despise "kikes" and "beaners,"
too. The bottom line here is blame. A Wayward is often able
to project his anger onto the creature before him, even if he
must fit a square peg into a round hole. Like hatred itself, a
Wayward's "reasoning" need not be logical.
: The world is filled with people who repress
| things that happen to them, Sometimes, memoriesare
away just below the conscious level. Other times, they exist
s0 deep that echoes of events can be found only in the
subconscious. Either way, these memories can bubble to the
surface at the most inappropriate times and cause radical
behavior changes — whether destructive or self-descructive.
‘Waywards are people who once (oF who still) repress
something. Something bad. Never anything as simple as "My
sweetie broke up with me." The repression is ofa
horrific, haunting experience: child molestation, rape, wit-
y pes roryaenar ts dae pyran pricy unter win | mma
the tor of such deeds and has buried their memory to
deal with the guilt. The oct may even have been committed
for the "right" reasons, such as following orders to commit
outright atrocities during the Gulf War. Any extreme event
is the stuff of repression, and the Wayward mind is often
founded on the poisoned ground of such buried memories.

'V Exposure to monstersor the truth of the world during the
imbuing can cause repressed memories to rear their ugly

heads. Maybe your character is awash in them and lashes out

in anger, frustration or fear. The monster — and anyone else
nearby — is just a convenient target. Or maybe the revela-
tion brings forth buried thoughts ly — and your
character can't push them back down again, Dealing with
| such felings in the shore erm is typically expressed as rage.

And in the case of Waywards, the "short term" can continue
for weeks, months or years.

Victimization: Sometimes, the role of Wayward can be

i |on someone who doesn't necessarily warrant it. She

might be a fily well-adjusced person. She might have a

simple, pethaps even sheltered life. She might not hate,

resent of envy anyone of hide anything about her past from
herself. And yer, she can draw the Heralds' attention when

a killer is needed or the phenomenon that perpetuates

Waywards strikes again.

This tor of victim made insane by the very fcr ofthe

' d te y a

ee
bear than it is for other maniacs. The change seems 0 unfair.

‘What justifies this kind of punishment? Maybe nothing at

all. Maybe it's just fate, and the victim is in the wrong place

at the tume. Maybe some unknowable force decides
that the subject needs a wake-up call from her delicate, even-

Sasiod artiscacel RagaeMbaea hat nada Geico arias

and well-meaning person is tumed into a monster that's

barely discernible from the things she now seeks to destroy.

| ean = ee ee ee.

This is perhaps the most unusual among all
tren va ply tigers
bali ot entities of ther Punters tend to wi the roles
they assume in the hunt. The calli them down a path
‘that they already walk. In the case of victim," the
change is radical and jarring, a violation of nature and spirit.
‘This kind of imbuing, above all others thar Waywards can
undergo, may indicate that the creed was never quite perfected
‘or cumed out differently than the Messengers intended.

Pretube Evenrs

‘The way an imbuing plays out isn't set in stone. A
thousind-and-one variables arise when a hunter's awareness
blooms. And yer, there are some common experiences and
occurrences that flesh out the moment, sending the chosen.
in certain directions. Nascent Waywards' experiences are no
different, and many (though they certainly don't know it)
endure some similar experiences that make their imbuing


5 2 a DE 7S ooo

special. The following are developments or forms of behavior
that can inspire a Wayward to emerge or that indicate when

come to be. The Storyteller can either set up events
Wayward imbuing in mind, or a player who seeks such
a character can roleplay appropriately to invite her induc
tion into the creed.

Violent Fugue: Your Wayward almost literally wakes
up—< t the scene of a gruesome murder — with no
memory of what's happened. Surely something terrible
occurred, but poised on the brink of madness, your charac
ter has suffered a blackout. She may remember nothing
more than witnessing something unacceptable and the
flash of insight chat the Messengers delivered. It could be
that repressed memories of the past arose and were too
much to bear, or hatred for the thing and what it repre
sented was more than your character's mind could deal
with. Afterward, it's just a void — till she finds herself
cognizant, surrounded by bodies and covered in blood
Maybe the murder weapon is still in hand
icter is dragged into the
ated by ahorrible creature —and
: es and with whom it surrounds itse
Whether these people (1 in league with ¢
beast or are just passersby doesn't matter. Your

Judes that they might have been corrupted by it simply by
win its proximity or accepts that the only way to take this
oes he ever want to take this thing out)
involves incidental loss. Maybe he's fine with either situation
Maybe he regrets what must be done. Either way, ithas to and

pen. A scene of unimaginable violence ensues and
a lot of other people.

normal people it infle

Hate Crime: That which your character hates is sud-
denly presented before him — but now it's worse than ever
Monstrous. Wrong. Evil. This imbuing can occur among
individuals who already harbor a great deal of loathing
Whether your character isa misogynist, racist or homophobe,
the object of his hatred is revealed not only as what he
already despises, but also as a monster. The thing serves only
to confirm your cl s beliefs. Now he knows why he
ates those "wetb rackers" or "whores." Now he has
evidence, and

Messages: Waywards don't always receive input from
the Messengers quite the way that other hunters do. As a
creed that was seemingly mishandled by the Heralds —
perhaps as one of the first created and therefore botched —
these imbued were not and still aren't forged by the same fire

at hardens other imbued. For them, the floodgates open.
their minds are encouraged of forced to absorb imperatives to
destroy, and then they're unleashed upon the world.
here are multiple ways in which the creators' transmis
sions come through at the imbuing, and likely thereafter
There may be an incessant chattering in your character's head,
a barrage of sibilant whispers telling him to KILL, DESTROY
BURN, or to perform any other act of brutality. He may
receive a singular message — one transmission that repeats
over and over like a broken record, smeared across bulletin
boards and television screens and crumbling sidewalks. Every-
where he looks is another harsh "call to duty" that desensitizes
him to the horror of whar he's told to do. It's possible that
messages are indecipherable, just an unwavering drone of
lent sensory experiences may
an inexplicable flash of

Re


_ <x °°

one's mother being raped, the sweat-cologne smell of a fon-
dling step-father — causing him to lash our.

No matter what, contact from the Heralds hits hard during
the imbuing. It's mind- and soul numbing, and excruciatingly
painful. A person may not even want toact on the impulses that
overcome him, even as he performs those very deeds.

Praying A Wayward

[A Wayward is forced to contend with a horde of conflict:
tag emrions and impalets hax weps wr ba bi soul Once s
normal" person (a relative term if there ever was one), your
chacSteee fon ocmgges kk baraingengprverd]'igouons
with (or tries to shed) the ghosts of his former life to somehow
Coincide with his new, horrid programming. No matter who
your character was, his now mide invades his od tdentiy.
Both sides are compelled to fight the monsters outside then:
selves —and all the ones inside, roo. The battle never ends.

‘Waywards can als fight other huneers. I's an unfortu-
are fact; bue thelr "righteour" eggression ‘and embeace of
lolence do not make sem good besfellowe with... well, jst
thout anybody. Even the most stalwart Avenger can inch
when a Wayward gets down to business. Some Waywards are
tofar gone ther they think nothing of dispensing with enone
‘rho intredes upor their mission or whso espouses different
Opinions or techniques about the hunt. Messing with one of
thoes saad dogs can pat a bamneec che monopey cable:

‘So the challenge is a big one. How do you make your
Wayward playable? What lets you get into your character's
head and examine his warped identity and perspective, while
gull depicting a person wha docen't dearacy everything your
Seoryteller and the other players try to dot Iv' isn't easy
Bauering « gerne' witha {all-blown peychopeth doce not
necessarily make a good time forall. A compromise must be
teached to allow an enjoyable, shared story be told even as
You try to abide by your character's nature

Your Wayward rany be a maniac bj défiatsons bur she
inaade to get along with ocher huncers in some fathion. Design-
ingen srtagonistic hunter with severed heeds in her fridge

bly alfenates, rather than welcomes, other hunters.
alas you play aslo game, your Cheracter has tobe capable
of dealing with people in a manner other than disembowel-
ingthem, while still maintaining likely characteristics of her
Creed. Maybe your character n't too Gr pons jut yet (she hes
§ low Vislon toote). She can let some monsters ead other
le off che hook in the short tere if there's promise of «
Eigierisl lecae: Or pechara bocuies $cen Wistwen te Date
of Vision, she has foresight to realize that it's wise to
keep some other hunters on her side, even if it's just to use
fHieia as cannon fodder one day of to helpase bed tion
the devastation of her wildest dreams.

No matter how you cut it, Waywands are fucked up.
‘Whether your hunter was once Mother Teseaa or Charles
Manson, there's no denying that the imbuing takes the brain
sad body down. some twial roads: Wapwendé are violent

» less written that way by the Messengers who "enlighten"
theim, Here are some ways to make your Wayward accessible
to both you ssa player and co your wroupe.

‘Choose Derangements Wieely: All Waywards awaken
with a derangement, and their pessonalicies sre forever
Uleesed feoes dey one, Their am lead them to
stisly acts of irationality, which are obviously hard tofit into

agame. Ifa hunter circle is about to sneak into the basement-
lair of some leech, the last thing they want is an ally who
snaps and has a twitching, frantic episode. Try to choose a
derangement that doesn't jeopardize your character or inter-
fere in every activity that he or his partners perform.
Manic-depression may constantly discourage a Wayward
from pursuing his dream of an apocalyptic future for mon-
sters, but it doesn't necessarily put his colleagues at risk all
the time. A phobia such as one of open spaces may inspire a
maniac to wild outbursts, but he might also be talked down
byallics and even shepherded through such episodes to come
totheir aid. Way can be afflicted by crippling disorders,
but they can also be capable of lucid thought and behavior
when it suits their distorted ends. Sometimes sociopaths can
even be sociable when it means achieving an overriding goal
in their unrepentant destruction of monsters.

Rationality Is Possible: Not every Wayward goes off
like a rocket every time she sees a monster or encounters a
hunter who "plays with" with the enemy. In fact, many
‘Waywards are thoroughly capable of composing themselves
when it benefits their mission. They can recognize the need
to maintain relationships with (or outright manipulation of)
other hunters. If a Wayward's hell-bent crusade is to put all
the living dead back where they belong, she might realize
that she can't do it alone. Thus, she might sway, cajole or
— t force other hunters to follow her plan. Also, unmiti-
gated or uncalculated violence may; ‘her undoing. Ifshe
marches into the camera-monitored convenience store with
a fire ax, the police are going to identify her and seek her. You
don't have to play some unhinged battle machine. Remem-
ber always that Waywards are bent more toward Vision than
Zeal. Their appetite for destruction can be whetted slowly,
calmly and methodically. Zeal is of the moment. Vision is a
blueprint that captures an ideal and may be altered as
necessary. If your character realizes that her actions alienate
(or kill) hunters who can be useful (even if only as cannon
fodder), she can ease her activities for a while. All it means
is delaying the inevitable.

‘They Might Be Leaders: If hunters truly identify the
Heralds as divine agents, they mightconclude that Waywards
surely were meant for business beyond simple murder. The
flaw thar made them what they are must have been in
humanity rather than in God Himself, yes? Whether the
psychos were really supposed to be generals, military advi-
sors, sergeants or shock troops, they still have some versatility
even in their damaged state. Their edges suggest an ability to
{get the most out of other hunters. Their perspective on the
end of the hunt rather than the moment indicates a mind for
strategy and tactics. Why not run with these qualities when
forging your character? Create a Wayward who may be a
natural leader at heart, someone who, no matter how screwed
‘up, wants to usher (or drag) compatriots into battle. This
gives him a connection to other characters (and you to other
players) as a useful partner.

Consider that a Wayward's seemingly monstrous behav-
ior can be counterbalanced by his usefulness. He probably
has gifts chat allow him to sense danger, open the "eyes" of
other hunters or even kick everybody into the fury that helps
them survive impossible odds. Other hunters may vacillate
about staying with your character — one minute he's a total
maniac, and the next he makes sure the job gets done — but
‘going without him completely may put the imbued in greater
danger than when they work with him.

Da ce a ee ee te =

er

They Were Normal Once... Right?: It could be said
that when the Heralds make someone a Wayward, they
simply encourage that person to apply his existing personal-
ity tothe hunt. Individuals filled with hate or whoare already
a hair away from immersing themselves in violence may be
awakened and given supernatural "justification" to make
their previously clea pectin > I's possible, how-
ever, that a more nori (by "normal" we mean
someone who's not already insane or violent or both) is the
target of the Wayward imbuing. A psycho may be chosen this
way because there's in him — some skill, some
spark — that lends itself to the calling. Maybe every has
just been taken away from him. Maybe he's one of
"quiet neighbors" who simply needs a push to become a serial
killer, whether he knows it or not. Maybe he has access to
weapons or has a family history of mental illness or is chosen
for his natural leadership abilities. Maybe there's no deci-
pherable reason at all.

This type of Wayward — though still dysfunctional —
canbe poverty He's able to look back on an old life
and try to hold onto it as much as possible. He may not be able
to live it any longer, but he can try to uphold its best values
suchas loyalty and friendship —-even while torturing leeches
and their accomplices to death. A onetime printing-press
Seaman Gbair cake mceste lettecetee ieee)
than a cannibalistic drifter. If you create a hunter who be}
well adjusted once upon a time, other hunters and
pave a ie ak pela ts bao ae Maser aol teas
moments when he really docs go off the deep end. "Less of a
psycho" still means "psycho" in some way or another. Your
character still isn't sane or safe to be around, just saner and
safer than some Waywards.

Resisting the Urge: One plausible (and the
most satisfying) way to play a Wayward is to create a charac-
ter who doesn't want what the Wayward lifestyle (and the
Messengers) have to offer. Maybe now that he's been changed,
he regrets his closed-mindedness ot aggression of the past and
wishes he could return to a berter life — if only these damned
things would stop interfering. Or maybe he opened himself to
his imbued fate in a moment of weakness and wants to atone
for his actions — if only the monsters could stop proving
themselves an even greater evil than himself, Regardless of
why, your character tries to resist the maniacal compulsions
that come over him. He tries to seek a different resolution
whenever violence seems like the best answer (which is
almost all the time). When the voices or urges flare up and
tell him to hurl a molotov cocktail into a classroom, he tries
to say "no." At least, until it's "clear" that the monster
involved has tainted most of the children, and the others
don't have long to go. If he can't resist some commands to
kill, your character is nothing but a murder machine and not
really workable in roleplaying games about normal people in
grossly abnormal situations.

The whole "withstanding dark impulses" theme can be
accomplished through basic roleplaying o through a system
thar resolves Wayward behavior.

"The roleplaying approach ought to present challenges.
Your Wayward is w Sas seed tte He's literally
programmed that way. He has to struggle desperately to see
the light, not unlike an alcoholic o drug addict trying to get
clean. Your character constantly has to struggle with the one
monster he can't see — his inner demon. And even then, he
is never "fixed." It's not as if five game sessions of tamping

down destructive impulses suddenly locks those urges away.
Each moment, each confrontation isa powder keg waiting to
go off, a potential explosion of unrestrained violence. Every
acceptable choice seems to be the "wayward" way to do
things. The key is to work out how to restrain such instincts,
and then maintain that restraint. Talk with your Storyteller,
‘Work out some key to help your character lock up his hatred.
Perhaps he exercises some means of expressing his hostility
such as frequent visits toa firing range. Or maybe he punishes
himself every time "the need" arises — burning himself wich
clones baer oc coing Hine (neta the form of

— see "Signs of the Righteous," p. 91).
Reape be saply cabes drags —rocsesnional or tactical
doesn't matter. Maybe he finds that heroin sedates the beast
within, Maybe some doctor slapsa weighty dose of ithium on
his daily existence. But even then, situations or monsters or
dictates from the Heralds might overcome any mortal effort
to stave off a bloodbath.

A system used to measure your character's restraint
(preferably in combination with roleplaying) should be
moderated by you and the Storyteller. Willpower is crucial.
That Trait is your character's best defense against the
internal call for atrocity. Spending points can allow him to
shut out his impulses for a limited time. How often this
needs to be done is at the Storyteller's discretion. Maybe a
point spent upon waking up allows your Wayward to be
somewhat "restrained" during the day, but certain circum-
stances (moments of heated conflict, face-to-face
confrontations with monsters or even encounters with
more moderate hunters) may call for the expenditure of
another point — perhaps more than one. The Storyteller
determines how well Willpower shores up your character's
tescraint. A Wayward can't throw a witch and ahist off the
madness. But he may be able to work it out... for a while.

Cuarncrer Greavion
AND Devetopmenr

Betas cient ecg crete ecbare
st awry. y aren't Merciful, ying creatures
turn ride thele bescial nature. They aren't Zealots sctingout
of aggression, instinct and the moment. They have Vision —
twisted and bent by some ugly stuff indeed — and thus are
people whose minds stretch out and encompass sweeping
plans. They may appear to the untrained eye as nothing more
than deranged, but they're much more. What follows are
some new Traits and rules to help more clearly define this
intimidating group, hopefully making your creation both
comprehensible and engrossing.

New Areueryess

The following are new Natures and/ or Demeanors to
help distinguish and enhance your Wayward character.
Enome

People fitting this Archetype tend to be unyielding and

ically unstoppable. They are thoroughly determined

ings — beyond stubborn, beyond immovable. Implacable
would be a grand understarement. Engines are often so
driven in their purpose that they seem more like machines
than human beings. Car accidents, bulletsin the chest, arrest
warrants... nothing prevents their terrible progress. In many

A ao- amd

cases, the only thing that can divert a hell-bent Engine from
a goal is flat-out death.

— Regain Willpower when your character is able to
bulldoze through or persevere beyond a seemingly insur-
mountable situation

Morsize

‘Some people are already broken in life, and shatrer further
upon the Messengers "enlightenment." Others twist and break
upon any freakish awakening that is forced upon them. Either
way, these people are terrors, rife with cruelty and a desite for
suffering. And this cruelty is limited in no notable shape ox
fashion — they it upon the youngest of children or the
frailest of adults. They exercise no discrimination. [e's nothing
for a Monster to spend hours immersed in a session of interm
rable torture. Enjoyment of such an act is one of her key
provisions. She may not even appear tobe cruel tothe untrained
ye — until she's in a room alone with the guy who has been
laundering money for that flock of bloodsuckers downtown.

— Regain Willpower when your character's visit
lasted pale ‘anal solelig upon seeatoan geilcnealy
furthers her plan for cleansing the world.

Canes

What are the creeds? Are they supernatural in origin,
imposed upon unwitting humans by the Messengers, of are
they hard-line moral guidelines that arise from the moment
monsters are revealed? The chosen don't know — and, in
fact, they are almost entirely unaware of the creeds in
general. They begin to spot vague trends and ephemeral

-——— 9) eee ee ee

associations in their collective nature and behavior, but
beyond that the imbued simply know that they have different
attitudes, personalities and goals, all of which come to bear
‘on the hunt. The creeds are therefore just a way for you asa
player co identify how your character might answer the call.

But there isdivisionamong the membersofeach creed, much
as there are rifts between members of similar political parties ox
religicusafiliations. Individuals are unique. Each one's thoughts,

‘opinions and actionsare wholly hisorher own. One Avenger may
Ghertothehuncwithahotheaced, saong-arm senobliy wheress
another may be slow, methodical and rational. These tendencies
within creedsare called camps, and noteven theyare hard and fast
in defining where a character's persona lies. They simply offer
guidelines for how you might like to roleplay your character.
Waywards may belong to the following camps or they may sit
squarely outside them, being altogether unique.

GConscerarve

Conservative Waywards are typified by the most psy-
chotic of the creed — indeed, of human beings. They take up
their unwholesome "mission" with a verve and tenacity that |
borders on tyranny. Before the imbuing, they were probably
insane or — at the very least — harbored deep hatred. Once
the Messengers shove them stumbling into the truth, they are
quick to adape their madness and hatred to the crisis at hand,
resulting in a sick — and sickening — personal manifesto.

Conservatives tend not to resist their charge. The rev-
elation of a society crawling with demons fits right into their
skewed worldview. It just puts a different face on what they
already "knew." Conservatives therefore take to the hunt
like ducks to water, responding to all situations with assault.
Their message is one of death, and they're glad both to
receive and deliver it

These hunters don't play well with others. Their social
circles tend to consist of individuals who can help kill things
and others who should be put down because they're part of
the problem rather than the solution.

Favored Attributes: Over time, these hunters become
more and more steeped in their own violence. They rely upon
Physical Attributes (Strength and Dexterity, in particular)
to aid them in their single-minded goals.

Favored Abilities: Conservative Waywards tend to
possess Abilities that make them better killers. Firearms and
Demolitions are wo, but Brawl and Melee are much more
visceral and to the point.

Favored Backgrounds: Allies and Contacts are rarely
on the list for chese hunters — but Arsenal is something
that's probably high up in their priorities. They may also have
had a degree of prior to the imbuing, giving them
further fire with which to fight

Other Favored Paths: Zeal-based edges, specifically
those offered by Vengeance, are the mast common developed
by these hunters, beyond those of the Deviance path (that of
Waywards themselves).

Moocaare

‘Waywards who accept their mission but who don't relish.
it tend to be moderate members of the creed. These people,
subjected to ceaseless second sight and immersed in an appar-
ently cancerous world, tend to become desensitized to the
violence inherent in their calling. If the world is broken and
pain is everywhere, then how wrong can abject violence be?
(Committing murder seems to these Waywards like performing
a favor. It's not a joy and it's not a chore — it's a necessity.


I

|

SET.  .se 2s meres

These Waywards can be capable of logic and rationality,
though. To them, death isn't the only answer — it's the
inevitable one. They're able to work with others to achieve
goal (provided the ultimate goal is theirs, of course). They're
even willing to let monsters live if it will set upa bigger, more
important kill later. [tall still boils down to causing death for
moderate Waywards, but they're prepared to be pragmatic to
get there.

These chosen, often emotionles and devoid ef compassion,
are often involved with other hunters, at least in the beginning.
As they become increasingly desensitized, other chosen may
rebuke theit "purpose" and leave them to hunt alone.

Favored Attributes: These Waywards recognize the
importance of both social and mental faculties in achieving
their goals. Their potential for rationality may make Percep-
tion, Manipulation and Intelligence their key Attributes.

Favored Abilities: Investigation may be crucial for a
Wayward of che moderate bent so she can gather enough
information to focus het mission. Moderates may use Intimi-
dation (or Torture) to get answers, or Alertness to remain
aware of their surroundings.

Favored Backgrounds: These Waywards are likely to
have Allies or Contacts, as moderates are capable of under-
standing the need for such connections. Resourcesare helpful
in keeping their violent designs feasible.

Other Favored Paths: A moderate is most likely to
employ edges from the Defender and Judgment paths to
achieve his goals— the protection and control that come with,
both give the Wayward variety of tools rom which to choose.
Ueerat

Sometimes, albeit rarely, a Wayward is created who
wasn' totally gone before the imbuing, wasn't inured to the
suffering of a shattered world, and wasn't a hateful killer. Or,
if he was, sometimes that person doesn't want to be a
Wayward, doesn't want to accept his nauseating, brutal
urges. These Waywards are usually the least serident in the
hunt (if that can be said at all for members of this creed), in
that they can seek to retain their values and personalities
from before, even as they commit atrocities now. The result
can be radical personality shifts, distinct and iden-
titles, fagoe states or severe schizophrenia: ‘The liberals
"normal" personality typically lingers somewhere, blissfully
ignorant while the body behaves as a genocidal maniac.
Occasionally, the two personas bleed together, whether in
dreams or mental flashes — of in the next day's headlines.

Sometimes, the liberal isn't quite so alienated from her
violent self and is fully aware of what she does. Heractionscan
coincide with severe resistance or major self-loathing as she
tries to find moderation, tries to-curb and curtail her brutal
inclinations. Unfortunately, as hard as she tries to her
ont desires, she eventuaily becornesan arbiter of serociy.

Favored Attributes: Desperate to restrain herself, a
liberal may need Manipulation or Charisma to help con-
vince others that she's "just fine."

Favored Abilities: Subterfuge and Empathy provide the
liberal means to appear normal and useful to other hunters.
‘And yer, her dark side may favor Demolitions or Firearms, o
it may subconsciously drive her counterpart to gain higher
degrees of Athletics, Awareness or even Intuition to make
her a better soldier.

Favored Backgrounds: Exposure may have created a
fissure in a person's psyche that preceded becoming liberal

—t _

Wayward, and being imbued drives a wedge between such
personae. Or a liberal may have Patron, which keeps her in
‘constant contact with the Messengers and drives a part of her
identity into hiding.

‘Other Favored Paths: If any group of Waywards can tread
the Mercy path, it's probably liberals, Marryrdom edges most
closely reflect « iberal's inner conflict and potential sel-hatred.

‘The following new Abilities are likely to belong to Way-
ward characters but aren'tnecessarily exclusive tothem. Members

of other creeds may possess these Traits. The Storyteller should

approve such "poaching" before your chronicle begins, though,
to enue chat all player' characters are unique.

Sxits
Yorrure

The leech shivered, its darting around the half-civcle of
candles that surrounded it. The taonser sevgaled ria bake
and hissed. Mike chuckled dryly

"You don't like fire, do you? Good. We're going to start by
removing besed will combos If you tell me where all your
buddies hole up during the day, Iwon'ehave to cut off your eyelids.
If you still don' tell me.... I'm going to get out the car battery." A
low wail of fear rose in the leech's throat. Mike nodded. It was
‘good to be efficient

Torture has a long and inglorious history. Throughout
history, information has Dorm glean from victims by the
likes of the Romans, the Inquisition, Nazi Germany and
probably our own government. Often involving physical
pain — though possibly mental and emotional, as well —
torture has been a grisly staple of just about every civilization.
And it hasn'talways been used to gain information. Sometimes,
it has been performed simply for perverted pleasure.

Individuals who have this Skill know the weaknesses of
the body and mind, and how to inflict excruciating harm
without killing a subject. The Ability includes the capacity
to inflict suffering, but also the know-how to prepare for it
and to use different tools for various effects — to inspire fear,
to intimidate, to puncture, to slice, to crush. This Ability
isn't just about interrogation. It doesn't even have to be used
to get answers. It's about causing and prolonging pain —
something hunters can be very, very good at.

‘Whether the torturer focuses on the body or the mind to
get results, roll Manipulation + Torture. A dice pool equal to
‘Stamina + 3 or Willpower (whichever is higher) is rolled for
the victim. Difficulty is 6 for both. Torture may also be treated
as a combination of resisted and extended actions. In-game
time between rolls may vary, depending on the nature of the
abuse. The Storyteller determines how much time passes.

‘The victim suffers one health level, bashing or lethal, for
every roll you make during serious physical torture (whether
the torturer is successful in gaining information or not), or
she loses one Willpower per roll of mental torture. Combin-
ing mental and physical torture has devastating effects on a
victim. A botched roll for the character inflicting the abuse
‘can destroy her mind, cripple her for life or even kill her.

For every success a torturer gains in excess of his subject's
roll, he drags out a piece of information. If the interrogator's
extra successes exceed the victim's permanent Willpower at any
point, the subject folds completely and divulges everything she

_ os A ee of

Pe —_— —— OO

ows. Your St ller determines the relevancy and extent of The world is filled w ns and mixtures
information — if any — gleaned through such techniques, asa thatca ness or death when ingested or introduced into
victim often gives a skewed account based on her own percep- _a subject's body. Pla metals — of sometimes
tions and on what she thinks her torturer wants to hear. combinations the to harm or kill, and
1s who torture supernatural subjects must remem: indivs fs ith these substances can identify a1
human or even _ catalog them, then use them as deadly tools.

such crea The art of poisoning involves two parts — the creation
ould terrify of toxins and their administering. Intelligence * Poison rolls
them. Research or Occult might be required to leam about —_ (difficulty dependent upon the severity and rarity of the
monster's weaknesses — or i might not have any at all toxin) can be used to create substances. Sometimes, acquit-
re Novice: You know how toh ing ingredients, venom or poisons themselves also means
ie Paacticeds Yau kncerekae' esis making rolls based on Social Attributes and an Abilities or
joke Wonaee Resources rating. A Poison rating and » Resources
tating of 3+ might indicate that a person maintains lab an

ompetent: You are well versed in the arts of pain. supply of ingredients with which to create toxins
Expect Theleanen body ee lioecamectesieing Administering a poison may requite an Intelligence of
asliver of paper and a drop of lemon juic Wits and Poison roll to determine how the substance is best
someone toadmit tojust about anything. sed, with a potential Stealth roll to go about the act unnoticed.
Abusive Hunters, Terrorists, Mercenarics, The effects of this Skill are determined by the substance

their victims are not necessa
nal forms of harm may

finger.
ak the finger to

, Monsters, Interrogacors used. Remember that poisons don't always kill — they can
Specialties: Torture Devices, Interrogation, Bashing Dam- _also be used to deliver pain, sickness or unconsciousness. In
age, Lethal Damage general, a poison inflicts one to three levels of bashing or
Poisow lethal damage per scene (or per turn in the ularly

‘Martin screwed the cap back onto the shaker, put hishandover virulent substances). The toxin ty
the top an sh Few times. He was pleased to see thae che OVeT a seties of scenes or turns before it becomes inert or the
poudered pla wtive had blended almost perfectly with the sat victim dies. Some poisons can be endured or counteracted
hee sad it woud. Momencs later, Margn's_withantidotes ifsuch substances can be obtained. Characters
Poison Skill ka how to acquire and make anti.

st as they can poisons. Weak f
od wi power rolls (difficulty 8), whether tolled
nce OF over the course of exposure to a substance.

-coemed from the restroom and ee:
‘Oh good, the food's here
Martin was happy to oblige

the cheesebuarger in frome of ham.
Yould you pass the sale?"

EE ena ene ie ee ee fms

TE 2 oe SS a ons

Your character can disguise use of poison on a victim
with a resisted roll of Wits + Poison versus an opponent's
Intelligence + Medicine (both difficulty 6).

. Novice: Garden chemicals + juice = poison.
** Practiced: You can concoct very simple but
effective poisons.

(Competent: Youare an encyclopedia of posible toxins.
Expert: You could poison and kill a bull moose in

under 30 seconds.
seeee Master: Funnel spiders? Pit vipers? Box jellyfish?

Tibet ex gee coats cae

up.
Possessed by: Assassins, Animal Handlers, Research Scientists
Specialties: Venom, Plants, Chemicals, Toxicology, Antidotes

Tue Hicn Cosy of Comminrmeny

‘Waywards demonstrate a terrifying obsession for the hunt,
anda capacity to perform any deed in panuing it. They're vicious,
‘and their actions are typically inspired by hatred of antagonis.
Ie'sas if inside every Wayward are paket
dominance. Somewhere in there is a normal, rational human.
being capable of all the things that come with everyday life —
coupled with another being, almost a cross between a calculating:
machine and a petulant child. It is in walking this line, in trying
to maintain a tenuous grip (or in letting go completely) that a
Wayward is propelled headlong into the hunt.
Srenping Convicrion

Conviction is the representation of hunters' determina-
tion, drive and dedication on the mission. It measures a
hunter's will to keep struggling. even if the imbued doesn't
recognize it as an exhaustible commodity. Without Convic-
tion, any of the chosen is estentially nothing more than a
Puppet awaiting use, a virtual bystander awake to the exist-
‘ence of the masters but without the strength to cut
their strings. With Conviction points, Waywards feel invigo-
rated, ec hier wou Gran te: deny Gallo hol
values and morals. Some conserve that energy to "keep their
‘Blood up" (you, asa. ‘hoard Conviction points), whereas
others try to: lish goals when they can and fight the war
a day at a time (you, as a player, spend Conviction when it's
prudent and perhaps even have your character avoid confron-
tations with monsters when Conviction is low). Others
themselves to the limits at all times, almost seeking to
cout and take as many of the things with them as possible (you,

wspend Convision ss mulciy ste gained infice

as harm on creatures as posible)

Peas pataee te bates Comsisee

‘a preternatural rush. Theit occasional lack of emotion (or
jo craton dave diss Gee their gifts frequently, effec-
tively spending Conviction with wanton di ites
become almost addicted to their capabilities,
ges. tenretagparienlicstaiant comiyptoaiiand inipagdon
‘monsters. Their often paranoid, sometimes borderline person
alities tell them that there's every reason to prolong "the
high," no hope in ever seeing any long-term success — so they
dare the impossible as often as possible, These hunters can be
quite dangerous, very much lost in the frenzy as their edges are
used and their Virtue ratings increase quickly.

Some Waywards are more calculating. They still possess
some degree of rationality (occasionally to a frightening ¢x-

tent), which tells them to apply their strength on sure bets, to
spend of themselves wisely, to maintain their (warped) per-
spective. They are capable of extreme acts of balance, their
brains so atnuned that they truly become devices of the hunt.
Their ability to accumulate Conviction means they are often
supremely cold-blooded killers. Their longevity on the hunt
can be astounding (their players hold onto 10 Conviction to
use points when necessary rather than to invest in whatever
Virtue point and posible new edge might manifest next).

Vision is often Waywards' Virtue of "choice." They tend
to be prepared to push their awareness to the next level to
better understand the shadowy schematics of the universe —
and ro better gauge the extremity required to destroy it all.
Obviously, a greater capacity for Vision allows for more
profound edges. Vision also opens Waywards to the powers
of Visionary and Hermit brethren — fellow hunters who
share foresight for the mission — augmenting maniacs'
already frightening array of capabilities.

Ifother Virtues come into platy, Zeal follows a close second
after Vision. Zeal providesa Wayward with offensive abilities that

‘can empower his crusade — which is obviously a must. Have no
doube: Waywards are definitely Zealous at times. Zeal backs up
and makes real the dreams they conceive through Vision.

It is uncommon to find a Wayward with much of a
notion of actual Mercy. Any degree of Mercy they gain is
usually for temporary use only. It may stop them from
destroying a creature or person just long enough to leam
some crucial piece of information that will ultimately lead to
more deaths at a later time. Mercy for a Wayward tends to
translate into calculated restraint and little more.

In the end, one thing is for certain — with her second sight
always active (and thus no need for her | tospend Convic-
tion on it), a Wayward is capable of rising in Virtwe with
frightening speed. With their minds fractured by the hunt carly
‘on, they can become very hazardous (and unstable) beings.

Recarminc Coxvicrion

A Warwant's player gains Conviction points just the
uyohalaeripbeetten—brseneedienaalete
succemful) on rolls, Many Waywards are likely to gain
‘Conviction, this way as their "at-any-cost" behavior often.
0c in tandem with vesting thei resolve. Conviction points can
Seobs guid by acringlalbocacan woh the pascal peaasctibe
crced, however, at the Storyteller'sdiscretion. Playersof Waywards
le oe be anata Bk me ee oe

characters' inherent drive for violence, or mare specifically
when relentless leads the characters (or others) to
achieve, that are important to the maniacs' twisted dream for
the: A Wayward's brutal behaviorisdriven by his Vision. His
actions are not taken blindly or = purpose — quite the
contrary, in fact. His behavice is part of a larger picture, and
‘Conviction should be awarded only when the character's brutality

lies to the greater scheme of his insanity, When his actions
his abusive value system (such as murdering the child of
manipulator because, "The little boy surely was in some way

cect eal aieghin ine ddial sear teavealstaree ok
later"), Conviction may be bestowed by the Storyteller. Wanton
murder, unfocused and without direction, is not worthy of reward.

The following are some sample actions that may spur a
Storyteller into bestowing Conviction to (or removing it
from) a Wayward's player. Note that the following are not
hard-and-fast rules, just suggestions. Also note that usually
no more than one point of Conviction should be gained

ae eee

—_——_ i

theca cepa pope veton,reasrew ofhow san
of the following actions are performed.

© Gain apoint of Conviction when violence peovestobe the
only answer to a situation — that is, when unchecked
destruction provides resolution where all other avenues have
expressly failed.

© Gain a point of Conviction when your character
convinces another hunter that his own methods for destruc-
tion are the "one true plan."

* Gain a point of Conviction when your character gets
hold ofa piece of information that helps fulfill or validate his
grand scheme of violence.

‘¢ (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction when your Way-
ward fails in (oe s simply incapable of) harming a monster.

* (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction when your
‘Wayward acts contrary to his own dark, bizarre crusade — of
when he loses sight of it altogether.

‘* (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction when a situa-
tion is solved by means that are directly in opposition to your
Wayward's pertonal crusade of terror and violence.

The human mind isn't constructed to handle the input
that the Messengers transmit to a Wayward. Any coherent
designs for making war and eliminating the supernatural
have somehow gone awry in these imperfect human vessels,
changing chese imbued into sociopaths and maniacs. Whereas
other chosen can succumb to the mental rigors of
the hunt and become unstable, Waywards are twisted from
the very beginning. Add the fact that they can never close
their eyes to the world's taint, the perils they must face, the
acts they commit, plus any further garbled imperatives from
above and the risk for very serious mental instability runs
high in Waywards. They aren't host to distracting neuroses
‘of annoying phobias — their brains become vessels for
traumatizing insanity.
The illnesses that can affect Waywards most are com:
monly known as personality disorders. These ailments tend
to be deeply rooted in the psyche. They radically modify aset
of identity traits, pushing sufferers to antisocial or maladap-
tive extremes. The mind simply stops these people from
| interacting in a social of occupational manner and forces
them outside the city limits, as it were. The Wayward
identity, infused with monstrous impulses, can no
‘operate in rational social and mental realms as is expected of
a person. He is forced to become an outcast, an exile from
‘everyday reality. Eventually, as his derangement worsens,
the Wayward can find himself with disrupted (and occasion
| ally ruined) emotional and perceptive faculties.
The following conditions appear elsewhere in Hunter, but
) are particularly appeopriate to Waywands in specific ways. You
See a
as your character's initial or pethaps: Virtue derange-

fy ments (gained at Virtue 9 or higher by Waywards).

Arrisocint Personatiry Disoatox
\ Individuals with Antisocial Personality Disorder no

longer subscribe to social norms. They certainly don't believe
in guilt. There recognize no lines dividing right and wrong.
Their conscience is $0 submerged that they are desensitized
toany normally mnaccepeable or inappeopriate act. Theyre
practically automatons, emotionless and cruel. Nothing in

their heads tells them not co lie, steal, cheat or kill. Morality,
to them, is a single shade of gray.

This derangement is a likely one among Waywards
because i¢ allows them to engage in acts of atrocity and
murder without qualm or remorse. Any action these socio-
paths perform ismagically "excused" by their insanity, allowing
any typically vilified deed to be performed free of guilt.

Waywards with this disorder suffer 2 +2 difficulty to
Social rolls, as their cold and distant nature unsettles just
about everyone they encounter. Also, they are incapable of
succeeding on any roll tha requis Empathy, they have
none — of are, at best, incapable of fir

‘Bouscntine Peesonaciry Disoatce

There is no consistency to the opinions or actions of
individuals who suffer this disorder — their motivations are
driven by chaos. People with this illness fluctuate wildly
beeen jadements the world in stark contrasts of
black and white. The problem is, what's black one day may
very well be white the next. Their seimage and petcepion
of others are never constant and can lead to suicidal or
homicidal behavior. They may love someone on Tuesday
and try to bury an ax in that person on Wednesday. Victims
of this ailment are table, making hunters with the
condition a severely wildcard.

‘This ailment can manifest in Way who were more
of less "normal" before the imbuing. ‘mind, once follow-
ing a fairly basic code of norms, is suddenly. bya

bunch of new, vicious impulses. The resultant moral confu-
sion estentially throws the brain into a whirlwind of mental
Upheaval. From that stems a set of wildly changing moods
and emotions. Such people are capable of horrible actions
one day and behaving in a perfectly normal fashion the next.
Players of Waywards with this disorder face +1 difficulty
to Willpower rolls, because their characters can't quite:
the need vo ret certain impulses They also face +1 t0 45
difficulty on all Social rolls, depending on how extreme their
behavior is in a given situation (Storyteller's discretion).

Epces

‘What are a hunter's powers? Where do they come from?
Nobody knows Ard what the chosen think they know init
They believe they hear voices, they sudkenly se the word in a
new light, ane they're "blessed" with beyond anything
they could have imagined — or feared — before.

‘The special capabilities conferred onto Waywands are
much the same. The creed's path, called Deviance, isdivergent
from those ofthe ocher hunter groups, however, anximade tosuit
the Wayward mindset. Alo itmay be aint at what the eyo
were originally meant 10 accomplish and be. The
remain, however: Dothese powerscome fromonhigh,
by the Heralds as a means to make a ruthless killer? Or do
Wapwards sienply fail to answer the call comectly and emerge
with a mere glimmer of what their gifts could have been?
© burn

Thispower may provide the fist clue that Waywands were
‘once meant for something ese, something different than what
they have become. Pethaps they were truly intended to be
generals, marshaling troops into battle. Maybe they weren't
always to be malfunctioning killers. Or maybe this power
demonstrates nothing more than a Wayward's urge to bring
others into the coneeant nightmare that haunts hin.

| — ee ee ee,

a.

Your character simply concentrates and is able to "open
the eyes" of hunters near him, activating their second sight
as if switching on a lamp. Those imbued affected by your
‘Wayward's sudden "gift" have no intimation of how the
phenomenon occurs, or who o what causes it — only that
they suddenly become aware without their own volition,
which can be startling in itself. Unfortunately, some hunt
also peesume that with second sight comes a hunter's stan-
dard resistance to monsters' influence powers, but it doesn't
Impare confers only the sight. If your character doesn't share
this information, the people with whom he works may learn
the truth the hard way — and perhaps to the detriment of
your Wayward as well

System: Roll Perception + Vision, difficulty 6. Each
success activates the second sight of one other hunter. Three
successes allow the sight of three hunters to be activated. The
Wayward chooses which hunters do and do not receive this
benefit, but all recipients must be within five times your
character's Vision score, in yards (Vision 3 thus allows the
power to take effect within 15 yards in any direction)
Selected subjects don't spend any Conviction to see with
second sight — unless they want the supernatural defense
against mind-, body- and emotion-control that comes with
"normal," self-activated second sight.
Using Impart costs one action and can be performed by
a Wayward once per scene. Second sight conferred on
anyone lasts for the remainder of the scene, even if recipients
leave the effective radius surrounding your Wayward. A
hunter also may activate his own second sight co get its full
benefits during the same scene.

—Z

© © Foreware

Asa Wayward is immened progressively deeper into th
hunt and into the corruption of the world, he become
increasingly sensitive to the dangers and threats that sut
round him. His survival instinct flares up and his sense

become like taut filaments. As he grows increasingly awart
these metaphorical wires become highly receptive to an

Devinnes ano Orvce Crezos
The Vision granted to Wi is @ strange and
violence — one that's

scrap of information and each
gether as part of a grand, .
‘edges are closely woven with their particular brand of
behavior, and are not understood or easily acceptable by
other chosen. Bur that doesn't mean characters of other
creeds can't manifest Deviance edges. |

Boo cpm pent cat hecrat |
would be blessed or cursed with a power from the Devi-,
ance path. Few hunters even know that Waywands exist,
‘ones who do are often afraid of these maniacs.

t0 use a Deviance edge in
accordance with its Bat if a hunter of another
‘creed does gain one of these powers, maybe t's because he

However it happens, the Deviance path is madden-

in and intensity. Other creeds have
publ dealing with the sein that coesea with Wayward
a

a eee ee

Ae

imminent danger, and they alert him just before a hazard
‘emerges. Although the hunter does not gain any specifics
about what is about to happen, he is alerted to something that
could cause him harm.

This sense manifests differently for every Wayward.
Some hear a low scream rising in intensity in the back of their
minds. Others may hear a clamor of broken glass or the
cacophony of children crying in their ears. Some receive
visual or other sensory stimuli —a flash of light, the taste of
bitter copper on the tongue. Regardless of the form of this
awareness, these hunters become difficult to surprise. They
become like spiders at the center of a web.

System: This edge basically confers a "danger sense"
upon your character, giving her a brief and unique warning
of impending jeopardy. It's always "on." ready to warn of
trouble. In game mechanics, it's a reflexive power with a
secret roll made by the Storyteller every time there is a

| possibility of imminent danger.

The Storyteller rolls Wits + Vision, difficulty 7. The
edge activates in one of two ways, with separate benefits for
each. The first is in non-combat situations — when a threat
is posed to your character but it doesn't involve an immi-
nent attack. Maybe the floor of an old house is rotted out
and prone to collapse, or a bear trap is set around the next
cornet (neither of which represents a concerted attack
against your character). Or a nearby bomb is about to

} explode. For each success gained by the Storyteller, your
character detects the approximately one turn
it presents itself. So, the Storyteller rolls Forewarn when
your character approaches trouble, carly enough in advance
that he can time your character's awareness in advance of
actually encountering the danger.

Inan ‘combat scenario, the Storyteller rolls
Wits + Vision, difficulty 7, in the tum before the attack will

| occur. If any ambush awaits your character, for example, the

Storyteller rolls Forewarn in the tum before the attack is
sprung. Any successeson thisroll are added to your character's
initiative in the next turn or are added to the dice pool of a
reaction roll that you make in the next turn, such as to dodge,
block or parry. You choose whether your character stands
ready for action — you gain extra initiative dice — or he
automatically to defend himself — you make a
dodge, block or parry roll. Thus, in a combat situation, iftwo
successes are achieved on the Storyteller's roll, your initia-
tive total is increased by two or you get two extra dice on any
relevant reaction roll.

Danger sense does not indicate the kind of danger that's,
impending — simply that something bad is about to happen.
Your character's reaction is yours to decide, but it's always
posible thather choice could be wels in being to protect

If she detects a threat and goes prone before "something
bad" happens, she may still be in the vicinity when a bomb
goes off. Or she might try to parry an incoming attack such
as a toppling wall, which can't be parried.

» __ NoConviction may be risked on this edge, because the
Storyteller controls its use. The Storyteller may decide if
Forewar is able to anticipate threats posed to others your
character is with. You can't confer the effects of this edge to
give others bonuses, but your character can still come tothe
defense of other hunters, drag them out of harm's way or
even abandon them if she perceives some overwhelming
value in doing so.

Almost everyone gets in the way of a Wayward's crusade.
Few others seem willing to put the goods on the line, to get
in and do what needs to be done! At least, that's how
Waywards tend to see things.

‘This power may provide another clue that the Heralds
meant Waywards to play a different role in the hunt than as
mere killers. Enrage that they were intended to
inspire other imbued and lend a war chief's vigor for battle to
their allies. Maybe if Waywards had normal, healthy psyches
this edge might work as intended. But it doesn't.

A Wayward "shares his spirit," and this power instills a
sort of berserk bloodlust in other hunters, forcing even pacifists
to do gory battle with whatever raises their or the Wayward's
ire. Hunters affected by this temporary curse are kicked into
violent overdrive, their minds red with fury. Even hunters with
the best of intentions may be lost to this power, "waking up"
in a room full of bodies — those of monsters and people alike.

System: Roll Manipulation + Vision, difficulty 6. For
cach success achieved, your Wayward may affect one other
hunter within her Vision score in yards. A 6 Vision allows
selected hunters within six yards (18 feet) to be affected by
a berserk rage.

This rage forces other hunters to act violently against
"the enemy" (how that label is interpreted is left up to the
players and the Storyteller). All players of affected characters
may make a Willpower roll, difficulty 7, to resist the effect,
and must exceed the total number of successes gained on your
edge roll to do so. A subject doesn't have to remain within
‘Vision in yards of your Wayward for the effect to persist. He
lashes out at any distance from your character thereafter.
‘enemy with the most lethal or at his disposal
vera number oftams equal tothe total numberof mxcceses
achieved in your edge roll. Each attacker also gains a number
of bonus dice on all attack rolls equal to the successes gained
in your roll. So, if you achieve five successes on your Enrage
roll, all five affected hunters attack the enemy for five turns
and gain five dice on all attack rolls in that time.

Once the turn is over, each affected hunter suffers a
number of bashing levels (which are unsoakable) according
to the number of successes you got on your edge roll:

1-2 successes « 1 level

3-4 successes = 2 levels

5. or more succesies = 3 levels

The hunter using Enrage is not affected by his own
power and does not take any of the damage associated with
its use. The power cannot be used to infuriate regular hu-
mans, bystanders or monsters. All of those people or beings
can be t of attack, however, if anyone affected by

could conceivably see those subjects as enemies. For
use with this power, the term "enemy" typically refers to
whomever or whatever your Wayward considers a foe. Even
hunters who have befriended monsters can attack those
creatures if your Wayward feels that doing so is appropriate.
oooeRuy

‘The eyesare the windows to the soul, they say, and some
‘Waywards believe this adage to be true — especially when
the eyes in question belong to a dead being. Pethaps the soul
still swims in the eyes of the dead. Or maybe some remnant
of an identity lingers in a corpse. Who knows? What's

| ae PT a I |

re

important is that a Wayward can look into the eyes of the
dead and gain information from the departed,

"Dead" is a somewhat relative term where monsters are
concemed, though. Some people drop dead permanently, it
would seem. Others are dead and saill walk — bloodsuckers,
ghosts, shamblers. It's not so easy to pry secrets from these
legions of the "undead." Suill,ifa Wayward can look into their
eyes, this edge works and the tuseards are compelled to answer

It'sbynomeansa perfect power, though. Afterall, thedead
can't answer questions to which they don't know the answers
Bust at least this effect forces them to be truthful — even if their
idea of the truth may not match up with honest-to-God fact.

System: Your character must spend one full action staring
into the eyes of a dead subject. Spend one Conviction poine and
roll Perception + Vision, difficulty 8. Each success allows one
question to be asked aloud, and each question will be answered
"wuthfully." All questions to be asked after this power takes effect
must be posed within the same scene or the opportunity to ak
them is lost until che edge is used again on the same subject.

Answers can be received from the dead only. This can
mean either a dead body or a creature who is de facto
physically dead (such as a vampire, zombie of ghost). An-
swers are truthful only relative to the body/creature being
asked. If the subject doesn't know the answer (or if it knows
only a wrong answer), your character receives either no
response or an inaccurate response. If the subject is aware of
the answer, however, the truth is forthcoming.

Answersare not spoken aloud, but seem to be whispered
in your Wayward's mind instead. If your Wayward asks an
undead creature (vampire, zombie, ghost), that creature
need not answer aloud, cither — and in fact may rebuff the

question however it likes. But the truc answer still unfolds in
your Wayward's mind. In the case of a particularly potent or
ancient undead being, a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) may be
allowed to resist this edge altogether for the scene

Note that a corpse with no eyes (or head) remaining
cannot he questioned, s0 corpses can decay and become
useless to this edge. Animal bodies cannot be questioned. If
a subject spoke a different language in life than your Way-
ward docs, answers are still whispered in your character's
mind in his own language. If a spirit possesses a host, looking,
into the host's eyes affects the spirit within. Looking into a
spirit's incorporeal eyes still allows this edge to operate,
assuming a spint's form includes eyes

This edge cannot be used successfully on the same body
ot undead being more than once per scene
© Spat

There are faint clues that the imbued — and more specifi
cally, the creeds — are coupled somehow with certain clements.
Zeal with fire. Mercy with light. And sometimes, Vision is
associated with wind. Whether these affiliations are accurate or
just an illusion is hard to say. Very few hunters are even aware of
the posstble associations and those who are can be 60 far gone into
the hunt that no one would really understand them anyway.

A Wayward with this ede is able to hamess and command
the power of the wind — and this is no small breeze. It's more like
a miniature hurricane, a localized tornado whirling with violent
ust and invisible wind shears. The psycho focuses briefly and
Unleashes his wrath ava literal force of nature. Whether this fect
ss related to Waywank' capacity for farsightedness or it's a Kearre
manifewtabon of their frightful aggression open to debate. Ie
doesn't much matter when one is caught in the vortex.


System: Spend two Conviction points and roll Strength
+ Vision, difficulty 8. A terrible windstorm is centered on
your Wayward that has a three-yard diameter for each success
rolled. (If four successes are gained, the whirlwind rages
around your character across [2 yards of 36 feet in diameter
— six yards or 18 feet in radius).

This whirlwind does lethal damage to all in its path,
automatically inflicting damage for each turn of exposure
‘equal to the number of successes gained on your edge roll
(four successes means four levels of lethal damage). Any-
thing is capable of suxtaining damage — people, furniture,
stroctares, mone sed even incexporsel and poseening
spirits, as if the wind blasts in this world and the next. Damage
from the winds can be soaked at the Storyteller's discretion
{armor bonuses may be raken into consideration).

Also, any individual caught in the spiral must make a
‘Stamina roll each turn, difficulty 8, to remain upright. All
movement within the atea of effect is reduced by one-half
regardless of whether a victim stands or is knocked down.

Attacking a Wayward with this edge activated is a very
tricky proposition. Every attack roll against your character is
made at -1 die per success gained on your initial edge roll. If
your roll achieved five successes, any attack rolls against your
character are reduced by five dice.

Your character can | ino other actions other than
move when surrounded by such a cyclone. The storm travels
with him if he moves. He's in the "eye" of the hurricane, as
it were — and docin't take any damage from it. He, too, can
travel no faster than one-half movement.

‘Winds persise for the remainder of the scene or can be
stopped prematurely at your Waywarl's command. They ako
cere if he's knocked unconscicus of incapscitated. Your char-
acter cannot diminish the power's area of effect. It's always full
size and affects all caught in its way, whether hunter, human of
supernatural. This edge can be activated only once per scene.

Tue Fine Any oF Improvisine

Even with the amaring gifts granted them by the Mes-
sengers, hunters' struggle with the supernatural is dangerously
one-sided. A typical rot can shrug off blows that would
cripplea normal person, while Noodsackers and shapeshifters
can possess strength and speed that no hunter can match.
The imbued must counter the advantages of their prey by
using wits and resourcefulness, and the best way to even the
odds seems obvious: Get big guns. Presumably, there's no
zombie, bloodsucker of werewolf wo tough that afew hundred.
rounds of assault-rif_le ammo can't handle it.

The problem is that most hunters aren't special forces
troopsor SWAT-team members. They're housewives, middle
managers, constrection foremen and students — people of
ordinary origins with limited knowledge of firearms Most
wouldn't have any idea where to go to buy high-powered
weaponry, much less the training to operate and maintain it.
When faced with a threat, they would tum to the things they
do know and often own already — the baseball bat under the
bed, the ax gathering rust in the back of their pickup or the
pitchfork resting beside the compost heap out back.

Fortunately for the imbued, « typical household con-
tainsa veritable arsenal of potential weapons that a resourceful,
hunter can use against the supematural. From claw hammers
todriveway sealant, these items can be picked up cheaply and

legally from any supermarket or hardware store and are
completely innocuous until put to use. Getting pulled over
by che cops with a machine gun on the back seat will put you
on your way to prison for five years, but a gallon jug of rust
remover of a carton of bug bombs won't raise an eyel

This section discuses a variety of household items chat
enterprising hunters might we monsters, ax well as
basic rules for creating improvised weapons during play. Al-
though by no means exhaustive, the following section is meant
to inspire you to stretch your imagination and devise effective
‘ways to deal with supernatural opponents without loung the
gritty, down-to-earth feel of the game. Improvised weapons are
fercculaly sppeopeiate to Waywarde as asguably the least
"conscientious" of hunters. They're pethaps the ones most
willing to cause extensive damage of to harm civilians wich
jerrybuilt exploives or traps engineered at home.

Mec Werrors

Although a variety of swords, battle axes, maces and
even more exotic weapons can be purchased through mar-
tial-arts stores of by mail, the fact of the matter is that many
of these items are little more than junk, made from poor
quality materials that don't hold up to the rigors of actual
combat. What's more, these items are illegal to carry in most
cities, in some cases even when kept inside one's car or truck.
Asan alternative, hunters can resort toa wide aswortment of
farm ot garden tools that do the job just as well, if not better
than a knockoff "ninja sword."

Generally speaking, i(a tool isheavy and durable enough
to split logs, break rock or sever a thick tree limb, it has
potential to be an effective weapon. Wood axes and hatchets
ate obvious choices, but machetes are also cheap and effec:
tive weapons in the hands of a sufficiently strong user, and
can be replaced casily if lost or broken. Gardeners and
landscapers are likely to own tuming forks for handling
compost. Unlike lighter hay forks, a curning fork has strong
steel tines and a thick haft. Some spectmens are no longer
than thee feet from handle to tip. Sledge hammers and
pickaxes are slightly awkward to use but can deliver devastat-
teas nod bochare sade ln bot hog aedpbetebansed
versions. Pry-bars of chisel-pounted digging bars are pieces,
solid sceel that range anywhere from six inches to four feet in
length, with more chan enough weight to act as either
stabbing or crushing weapons, as well as being useful for
opening doors, windows of coffins.

‘Most fearsome of all "yard weapons" are gas- or battery-
powered tools such as chainsaws or cutout saws (lange,
portable circular saws favored by rescue crews and construc
tion workers). These tools can sever a limb with one broad
stroke, but they are heavy and difficult to wield as well as
being extremely loud. Battery-powered chainsaws or circular
saws are far less noisy — though not silent by any means —
and are just as capable of wreaking havoc on a human body
asare their gas-powered counterparts. Modern 18-volt power
cells are capable of driving reciprocating saws, circular saws,
hammer drills and other gools with more than enough energy.
to cause considerable damage, and can run for hours of
constant use.

And even if your character has access to only the most
rudimentary tools, any number of items can be modified to serve
as ‘Mop handles can be sharpened to make spears (or

long stakes). Nails can be hammered into a wooden
baseball but to make 2 spéked club. Quick-drying cement set in

[ee PT ee Ee a

ee

the tip of a metal or PVC pipe makes a very effective bushing
weapon, as can ‘as sample as a length of chain with a
heavy padlock at one end. Best of all, virtually alll of these objects
(oth the exception of owe: tools) can be further enhanced

While every type of monster has its own
sstics and weaknesses fire isalmost universally:
them harm. With the of fuels, solvents and other
chemical compoundson the market, even the mont impowenshed
unter has access toa wide assortment of incendiaries.

Naturally, the most common of these substances can be
found in almost any car anywhere in the world: gasoline. A
bottle full of gas that's plugged with a fuel-scaked rag is
simple to make and easy to use, and can cover a sizeable area
with fire if thrown properly. Cans of paint thinner, naphtha
or any industrial solvent work just as well. Most of these
chemicals come in thin-sided containers that explode rather
than break, sending bits of razor-sharp metal up to 10 feet
away. The drawback to these devices is that a single misstep
of a buildup of vapors can cause a premature detonation,
iemolating dhe setackcr and anyout peachy. Aliaugh of.
fective, these primitive hand grenades pose significant risks
no matter how carefully they'te handled.

The difficulty of using gas or other fuels in makeshift
bombs is that the liquids dissolve all but the
plastics, limiting the type of containers that can be used.

ific character-
ive at causing

Chainsaw ere 5 N

J

Cordless hammer drill Suel

roll (difficulty 7) to pull it free.

breaking
6)

* A blunt weapon — all damage is bashing unless targeted at the victim's head.
(1) __ Ifthe weapon inflicts more than 3 health levels of damage it embeds deeply in the target, requiring a Strength

2), ofthe weapon inflicts more than 3 health eves damage the tines impale the target
sec pony pinning the victim Une to a wall or doo, eqring « Seng

G) The weapon adds I det all Strength rolls that involve lever or breaking lange object (pering open a coffin

@ When in use, a chainsaw adds +2 to the difficulty of all Perception rolls for the wielder and everyone within 10 feet.
Damage from these weapons cannot be soaked by armor.

Certain liquid sealers or cleaning agents such as deck o
dnweway sealant are made to be applied by light metal pum
sprayers, however, allowing users to cover a large area quick!
and efficiently. A slow-moving of unsuspecting creature Caz
be covered from head to toe in seconds and set alight with
match of flung cigarette. Conversely, some compounds suct
as roof sealant are less corrosive to plastics because of seabi
lising agents that give them che consistency of tar. Wher
hurled at a target, these sealants stick like glue and an
difficult to remove — essentially acting as ® poor man}
nepal Unlike napalm, these compounds come in five

lon drums and can be found at almost any hardware store

Another powerful incendiary device capable of causiny

arcat damage at the expense of safe distance is a 3
oxy-acetylene torch. Designed to cut of fuse metal, these gx
torches can be purchased with small 16-ounce cylinders tha
are lightweight and casy (0 use, and most models carry a1
integral piezoelectric igniter, allowing the torch to be acti
vated with the push of a single button. Normal valve setting
produce a concentrated flame up to six inches in length
Although this range seems trivial when used against a maraud
ing bloodsucker, the torch ignites clothes and causes seven
tums with asingle ewipe. A I6-ounce foe clindr allows 4
to 1 Sminutesof continuous use, and a langer 20-
‘ociges thet cam be carcod comfortable iva Geckact-laeeees
and operated for more than an hour. It's possible to modify :
torch'snozzle to increase its effective range, essentially turnin,
i into a crude flame-theower, but such ssodlications cat
castly cause gas leaks o¢ deadly explosions.

Pethapsone of the most powerful and commonly availabb
incendiary devices can be found in many vehicle trunks an:
aboard most small boats: a magnesium safety flare. Burning at,
temperature of more than 1400 degrees for as long as 30 seconds
these chemical flares ignute any combustibles on contact an
can make a metal surface red-hot within moments

Flares generally come in two types: roadway, which are 12
inch-long sticks that have an extended endurance (up to Ii
minutes); and pistol, designed for high-altitude signaling. Th:

rol flare comes in a bright orange shell that's shorter but tha
the same bore as a 12-gauge shotgun shell and is designed &

Very loud (4)

Penctrates armor (5)

rget, protruding through the body}
roll (difficulty 7) to pull free.


oe ae

rg
i

from a specially built flare or handheld launcher.
these flares can be fired from a standard 12-gauge as
the short length of the shell has an increased

‘cauing a jarn in pumnp-action wespons. Shell flares

fenctgh porer 00 te ered as'unpsd weapons: bet ws
effective only at distances of 10 feet or less. If a flare penetrates
a such asa rotora bloodsucker (say, ifthree or more health

of damage are inflicted), it burns as long as it has fuel,

Fee raeal a contac on cameet

wo opens ae conticonn

incendiary devices can be found at most lange auto-parts stores,
are inexpensive and are desygned for case of use.

‘Although an incendiary is sieaply a solid or liquid chac is
ignited quickly and that buns readily, at its basic level an
explosive is nothing more than a solid o liquid that can be
made to combust while under - buildup of

"The easiest type of combustible material to purchase is
gunpowder, available in every cartridge of firearm ameuni-
SEU Oe teneaeg cortustnteal eosceste Wes
ng gunsmiths. With a
scuash, farm thaee Catsal power tou ves amnat casa
and of themselves, available in five- or 10-pound containers
Gamage. The drawback to purchasing large amounts of am-
munition or loose powder isa trail of evidence that monsters
with the right connections can trace back t0 ‘Ales
substantial but also less conspicuous source of powder
is common fireworks. Though far less powerful, fireworks can
be cannibalized for their fuses and explosive matter and used
reliable grecadc-ke weapons at far les rik
than attempeing to buy hand grenades on the black market.
Since derive as much of their power from com-
Pression as they do from combustion (j nore), virtually any
gs placed under sufficient an effective bomb.
‘Actowol cans of anny

from the point of detonation. (For detailed rules on using

ves to destroy buildings and other structures, refer to
5 of Hunter Book: Avenger.) The disadvantages of
wing large tanks as demolition devices are their weight and
overall bulkiness, as well as the challenge of ing 2 con-
tainer without killing oneself in the process. Additionally, these

Re a ee ow 3. ee ee ee ee

tanks are stamped with serial numbers that can be traced by
authorities to theie point of sale, assuming the part of the casing,
that bears the survives the blast. Since gas grills have
become s0 common, an hunter with a crescent
wrench can cruise the suburbs for bomb materials.

See Hunter, p. 207, for complete rules on explosives.

The! might be walking

majority of ahunter's foes: Conpses,
but that doesn't necessarily make them invulnerable to acids,
poison gas or industrial chemicals or lubricants. A blood-
ee RN ESE N B fes ere aan ee bell

a warning to its companions when its vocal
have swollen shut. Not even shapeshifters, who can heal
devastating injuries within moments, can shrug off chemical
burns or poisonous vapors that cause their lungs to bleed with
every breath. The average soccer mom of janitor can employ
a plethora of household or light-industrial chemicals to
harass, incapacitate or destroy the toughest creature.

‘One of the simplest and most common chemical weapons
erelabis bs hcasce pate ace N05/ ead PoC

'@ pump sprayer), or packaged in aerosol speays.
though not immediately toxic to humans or animals, these
chemicals attack the mucous membeancs, causing!
vision, as well as severely:
chemicals are most effective agninst
and blood slaves, whose bodies react upon exposure.
Indoor foggers or "bug bombs" are also more effective, capable of
filling an entire room with choking, blinding vapors within 30
seconds. These =e aad can produce a small
‘blast in small, ventilated areas. Insecticides are exception-
ally effective as impeovised tear-gas bombs.

A more lethal form of chemical agent can be found in
the many cleaners, bleaches and degreasers available in
stores. Many of these liquids are diluted hydrochloric or

acid and cause chemical burns when exposed to

skin. Soft tissues such as the eyes, mouth or throat are
ienteduuhcal water permnnent vaio nota thin
it er | water, permanent vision loss occurs within
seconds. Bloodsuckers and sombies are vulnerable, because
tissues are physically destroyed. Also, because this damage is
in the form of chemical burns, monsters cannot heal it as
swiftly as more common forms of injury. Against living
Aetpomcts, hee chenslcols crisis on aktetes eee

form of highly poisonous gases that are released when a
particular quantity of acid is mixed with bleach. Chlorine;
‘causes massive hemorthaging in the throat and lungs, and is
fatal after less than a minute of exposure.

‘Chemical weapons do not have to be directly harmful to
bikie oamaexatnah in peas
can cause temporary impede movement and make
gabbingor jing a victim nearly impossible. The same can
shapechanger must when its eyelids stic
Gicteing & baebies Las wslbs poiled coy

Back vo vn: Deawinc Board

Hunting and destroying creatures that can shrug off
bullets of overturn cars takes cunning. In the absence of

military-grade heavy weaponry, many hunters turn to their
‘and tool sheds for weapons that help even the odds.
section covers rules for creating scratch-built weapons

or existing ones over the coune of a Hunter
chronicle. These rules are general and fairly abstract, in-

Sr 2 aa 2 ee

Firebomb (1), Can be sprayed (2)
Intense flame (4)

16 ot. gas cylinder Firebomb (1)

100 Ib. gas cylinder 32 N
(1) When employed asa firebomb (poured into a bottle of can and thrown), these weapons explode and then burn.
Full damage is inflicted at the epicenter and is reduced by one for each yard from ground zero. Damage is halved thereafter
and inflicts burns for 3 turns after the explosion.

Firebomb (1)

(2) When this weapon is sprayed of thrown at a target, the attacker must make a Dexterity + Demolitions/ Athletics

roll, difficulty 6; it inflicts a number of levels of fire damage
of 4. That number is reduced by one each turn thereafter unt

| co the number of successes achieved, to a maximum

extinguished

G) ‘The damage listed is for a 6-inch flame. The torch can be modified to extend this range, but loses I die of damage

per six of extension.

(4) ‘These flares ignite combustible items on contact and heat metal to red-hot within 2 turns. They cannot be
extinguished with water. The duration of a roadway flare is 10 turns. A signal flare burns for 3 turns.

tended for speed and case of use instead of presenting pages
and pases Pra an aos it: Av the et

Storyteller system, is on telling a story
rather than punching numbers into a calculator.

AAs always, the Golden Rule applies: You are fee to
incorporate some, none of all of these systems into your
chronicle, or to modify them however suits your needs.
‘Yue Biveramr Srace

The first step in creating a homemade device is design.
Wien oe sees has an sien make » scrarch brik
weapon to fight # |, you develop a
general idea of how the device s supposed to work: You can
establish as much or as little detail as you want, but you
should be able to answer the following questions.

‘What is the weapon made of? The materials used to
construct a weapon have a direct bearing on its durability and
capacity to deliver damage. A home-forged sword made of steel
{ going to hold up better than one carved from wood, though
a wooden weapon might be more effective against certain
monsters. The same applies to ranged weapons: Making adevice
that can fire a projectile at the same velocity that a rifle fires a
bullet requires exceptionally strong construction to handle the
pressure of the propellant. In game terms, the materials used
determine the maximum amount of damage dice a weapon may
inflict. Noe: The maximum damage dice for any weapon
cannot exceed double your character's Crafts rating (orbe more
than I if your character has no Crafts rating).

How does the weapon inflict 2 Is it a bashing
weapon like a club, or a slashing asa knife? Does it
fire wooden stakes ce pressurized holy water? Or does it

explode, showering is victims with ver-cdged shrapnel? Thi
ion allows you to determine what kind of damage the
weapon inflicts (bashing or lethal), ax well as classifying whether
itisamelec. ranged or explosive weapon. This classification tsalso
important when determining a weapon's special characteristics,

If it's a weapon, what is its propellant? How
docs the weapon Seliver its amanunition 0 te tanget? Does it
tte air pressure like a gun that fires paint, or 3

like that fires balls of pai

—  _

compressed spring like a crowbow, or does it employ moo
powerful lants such as gunpowder? The more powerfu
the propellant, the more intensive the construction procest
pressure requires stronger materials ans
more precise machining. In game terms, the form of propellan
directly affects the difficulty of your construction rolls.

Where docs your character get the materials and tool
to make the weapon? Does your character have access to th
proper tools to make his weapon? If nor, where does he
them? Does he have a brother-in-law with a tool shop in hi
garage, or can he stay late at work (and risk fired) tus
{ts tools on his personal project? You don't have to map out at
exhaustive work and lise of parts, but figuring out thi
Teekeg ot tn spared witrsi 4s ew eee
interesting roleplaying opportunitics, emphasize t!

. individual struggle of the imbued. What does you
character tell his brother-in-law so he can spend late-nigh
hours in the shop? What are the likely to thin!
about alll the ominous sounds heard in the wee hours of thi
moming? Does your character's home start to look like a scray
yard, with discarded pieces of metal and plastic lying in pile
‘outside the back door? You can use touches like these to plar
up the atmosphere of alienation and paranoia that the imbucx
suffer in their struggles against the supernatural.

‘Ye Consreverios Srace

‘Once the basic design for the weapon has been worke
cout and the Storyteller is satisfied with your character!
efforts to gather materials and tools, you can proceed to tht
construction stage. (If you don't want to take up game tim
toroleplay preliminary step, you can simply boil it all dows
to a couple of Intelligence + Crafts rolls.

To build a weapon, make an extended Dexterity + Craft
roll with a difficulty determined by the materials used (see thi
construction chart). Difficulty is also increased by the numbe:
of dice you want the weapon to have, within its limits
So,a melee weapon made of wood that will have a Strength +]
damage rating poses a difficulty of 5. Any difficulty totals tha:
exceed 10 are treated as 10. If difficulty is naturally far in exces
of 10, such as with complex chemicals, that score could by

eee

(2) Thisgas causes 1 level of lethal damage per turn to living creatures in confined areas with little ventilation. This|

damage cannot be soaked.

G) These chemicals cause 1 level of lethal damage every five turns until removed. If the liquid is targeted at the}
victim's head, the victim is blinded. Unless flushed from the eyes within 3 turns, blindness is permanent.

(4) ‘The attacker must make a Dexterity + Athletics roll, difficulty 6, to hit che target with these chemicals. Any target]
thatishic loses 1 die from its Dexterity dice pools for each success achieved. Such immobility persists until the liquid is removed.

halved and two extended efforts might be called for to work on
separate parts of the project, each at the halved difficulty.

The total number of successes required for the extended
efforts decided by the Storyteller — pethapssix for something

le to 15 for something complex. Each roll one
to five days of fairly uninterrupted work. Your character can
put in the time any way he wants, either knocking out a solid
‘week or picking up a day here and there between hunting and
other activities, but a roll cannot be made until the required
days' worth of labor are put in. If roll fails, the time has been
wasted. Ifthe roll results ina botch, your character has notonly
failed to further his project but he has damaged it or exhausted
his supply of raw materials and must get more. Ifyour character
‘5 working with explosive of flammable materials, the conse-
quences ate disastrous — a stray spark could lead to
‘an explosion ot fite if you really want to bring home the risks
of dealing with hazardous substances.

If the effort is successful, your character manages (0
construct the weapon. But like all home-built designs, the
device is crude, clumsy and prone to breaking. All scratch-
built weapons begin with four negaove characteristics that
paint a picture of the items' idiosyncrasies and rough con-
struction. Melee and ranged weaponshave the characteristics

sivesand incendiaries start out with unstable, unreliable, bulky
and inefficient, These negative characteristics affecta weapon's
performance in significant ways, but can be eliminated over
time as your character tinkers with the design. He may
choose which characteristics he intends to eliminate.
cour: Caaracrenssnies

Improvised weapons have four of the following negative
characteristics, whether they are melee/ ranged weapons or
explosives) incendiaries.

Clumsy: +2 difficulty on all attack rolls

‘Unstable: Botched Physical Attribute rolls while carry-
ing explosives may cause them to detonate prematurely
(Storyteller's prerogative)

‘Unreliable: Attack rolls borch on a 1 or 2

Bulky: Worsens concealment rating by one level. See
Hunter, p. 198. Items whose components automatically
tender them "N" before being incorporated into improvised
weapons, and that gain this characteristic — say a large ax
tured into an even larger ax — are bulky. The
characteristic cannot be eliminated (see below).

Inefficient: +2 difficulty on all damage rolls

* Manufactured stone missile weapons are sufficiently unlikely as to be impossible.
cplosives and incendiaries

Complex chemicals 7
(plastic explosive)

10+

For explosives, the maximum damage dice shown are per kilogram. Up to 10 kg of explosive can be used per effort. Thus,
10 kg of black powder with a damage rating of 5 per kg yields 50 damage dice in a single explosion.

eS a

If you get extra successes on ye
ach success e

improve upon his creation. Each attempt is
ion and the effort takes hours or: days
nber of successes on this
nate a single selected negative characteristic

Eumte oF Wearox Coxsrrucrion

Kirsy is faced with a dienona: She has discovered a nexdown

the morston
dhe things need to be destroyed
a goin fie seis tin ae eter che things cn

and later breaks into an auto-mechanic shop and goes to work
Kirsty's player proposes a design that uses cc
force gasoline through a long nozzle and is
gniter, hopefully sending a ol
seven feet. The shop offers eves
Kirsty sneaks into the
carefu cover h tracks cack
Kirsty's player to make

pees at to

ing the Wayward needs.

rage over a couple nights
yteller calls.on
h

inflict the
that type (which
she can have due to Kirsty's 2 Crafts).

Given the availability of materials and tools at the shop,
the Storyteller decides that only six successes must be achieve

device is service
container is unstable, $0 it could rupe
aged. The whole contraption
inefficient as it spews flame in a wide fan instead of in a narrow
stream. Kirsty doesn't have time to address all these prob-
lems, but she docs make sure that the igniter can be trusted.
(That is, Kirscy's player dedicates her extra success to eli
nating the

If Kirsty survives bers"
nest, she could hang mprovised weapon and make
improvements on it in the future. Eliminating cach of its
negative characteristics is a proje , achieved by
her player through a simple action and probably a Dexterity
+ Crafts roll, as decided by the Storyteller.

Signs oF THE RignrEous

Mere existence as a Wayward demands unwavering
focus and constant struggle. To suffer distractions of to stray
from the mission is to die. To squander one's strength is to
die. To noe push oneself to the very limits of human capacity
is to die. The maniacs' dream of obsession is so far-reaching,
so vast and so alien that it necessitates calling upon every
ounce of being they're able to muster — and more

Some Waywards, particularly those lost in their destruc
tive compulsions, have subconsciously discovered radical

a |


WAYWARD a ay >

ch themselves, to inspire themselves, to mak
ager. Over theie devotion and visusl-
sepens, Waywards can "mark" themselves,
drawing on, scarring or burn their flesh. The reasons are

Icar and may be different for each person. Perhaps they
subconsciously w hemselves, to deface their
bodies out of shame ye acts they co it. Maybe they no
longer f ¢ people or other hunters who
sui em, so they strive to visibly set themselves apart.
thaps they just want to fuck up their looks so severely
ney can sare even terrifying monsters. Or maybe such de
ment is performed subconsciously, and a Wayward is shocked
to realize that he has carved or bumed himself while otherwi
‘ing to the future or planning an attack. Whether it's a self-
proclaimed rier of passage or en teicetion of mesochies,
WWaywards can resort to marring or decorating their skin se an
expression of their calling.

impermanent design
with ink, ash or blood, scrawling a
that lingers in the back ofthe |

They mark th
symbo
brain of that has been "seen somewhere" and th:
killer's mind. (If word of this trend ever spreads to the
ong the imbued, they might specu
nection between thete symbols and the hunter
which can bear an implicit meaning to
some chosen.) Initial signs are iden beneath clothes,
not long before they're worn openly — and
some Waywards can brandish images overtly from the very
inning, whether on arms, the neck or even the face

Regardless of where or why Waywards wear these markings,
these hunters definitely acnbe a sense of strength, energy. wall
nation to the signs. The psychos simply feel greater
wrkings impart power of their own or the
supplics the actual motivation. Given the
rewards, it prc nes as little surprise that killerscan resort
copermanent marks: professional of homemade tattoos, ars ot
brands. Anything to make the signs a display of who a Wayward
and what he can do. Anything to grant power. Indeed,
Waywards i measurably inte
table "illustrated" men or women, their bodies landscapes of
meaningful yet mysterious sigils and designs.

Who knows where the inspiration for such defacement
riginates, ot where the seeming power within these symbols
comes from? Is it a gift from the Messengers, a blessing to
compens an otherwise broken creed? Is it a manifesta
tion of Wayward instinct given form upon flesh! Or is it
something more mythic, harking to a time when war chiefs
painted themselves to stand apart from thett followers and to
the enemy? No one knows. But that doesn
Waywards from b

Banozs oF Courace

A Waywat nsciously stumbles upon.
the symbols that bestow energy and power upon him. There's
‘no plan or strategy to learning or finding the images. They
simply come to mind, seem appropriate ot linger at the back
il expressed physically. Once a symbol is
drawn, your Wayward just knows that the sign is important
¢ finds consolation, spirit or validation in it. Each
symbol simply represents something important about himself
1¢ can look to, and by which he can feel invigorated

Almost all of these symbols are unlike any signs known,
in hunter code. Other hunters who look at a Waywards'

just "seems right

haunts

re that

stop

aring the signs

| a —— = eee ee ee ee,

= = ir 8 oO

marks sense no meaning to them whatsoever — except for
one, that which chief," "warrior" or "general." Of
all symbols borne by Waywards, that one is usually the first
to be worn prominently.

When a Wayward achieves 4 Vision, he begins to sense
the importance and meaning of certain' images. A symbol
comes to mind and is imagined in different places, seen
‘momentarily on the character's skin in a mirror or formed by
the blood of a defeated monster. In many cases, the psycho
feels compelled to adom himself with the image in some
fashion. Not to say that he must — your character may resist
the craving, and some Waywards bear no signs at all — but
resisting is usually an act of will, as opposed to the natural
instinct to submit (there's no system in place to resist self-
marking at any time in a Wayward's career; it's a matter of
roleplaying). For each Vision point that your character gains
after 4, the image of another symbol comes to mind, becomes
meaningful or seems elusively appealing. Thus, a character
with 7 Vision has a "repertoire" of four images. A character
who resists adopting symbols early on might opt to embrace
them later in his "career" and may acquire one for each 4+
pointof Vision thathe has. Youor your Storyteller may choose
the signsthacyour character adopts, as best suits your chronicle.

Ifa symbol isdrawn in a temporary fashion, such as with,
magic marker, the image fades but the implicit understand-
ing of its meaning and the vigor it conveys is never forgotten.
If your character wants to resort to its effects again, he can
draw the image again and may eventually make the mark
permanent. Location of such signs on the body is unimpor-
tant. They can be anywhere and placement on exposed parts
often indicates a psycho who no longer gives a damn (or
never did) about society's concepts of decorum, of someone
who wants to shock whomever of whatever he meets. At the
Storyteller's discretion, painful means of marking can inflict
a level of bashing damage that can't be soaked. These
methods usually leave permanent seats.

Waywards can know or bear multiple marks simulta-
neously, but only one can be "active" — can be a source of
determination or drive — at a time. Activating a sign means
rawing iton the body or focusingon it asa personal motivation
if italready exists. Your character might know that he'll need
brawn (i.e, Strength) in the coming days to tangle with a rot
that's stalking him. Or he looks for determination to
stay alert to his purwuer (i, he brings forth more Perception).

¥,
"resourceful"; +1 to Wits

Activation of a sign costs three Conviction points. The
ffectsof each symbol, listed below, lst for Vision rating in days.
Benefits received are lost ifa sign is ever marred before duration
‘expiresnormally. Maybe ink fades, your Wayward falls in ariver
cof blood soaks his skin and covers his ¢ tattoo. A
marking's effects can also be terminated prematurely if your
character chooses. He simply allows himself to "come down" o
ceases to focus 30 intently on the goal he previously sought. He
cannot activate another symbol immediately, however. Atleast
one day must pass before he can look to another sign for
inspiration, no matter how the previous effect's duration ended
— intentionally ot not; prematurely of after its full extent.
Drawing or trying to activate a new sign too soon seems mildly
tiring rather than invigorating, as if your character's spirit isn't
into the intended new "program" just yet.

The following are just some signs that could be impor-
tant to your character. More exist and you and the Storyteller
may create some and define the benefits they bestow.

You or the Storyteller may choose one image for each
point of Vision gained from 4 onward. Signs cannot be
chosen for each Vision point and then replaced by new ones;
a Wayward envisions or adopts only a few images in her
career, jing on how high her Vision rises. Marks
shouldn't be chosen o assigned randomly. Although a gen-
eral meaning is indicated for each symbol, above, you or the
Storyteller should ascribe a personal meaningeto each, ex-
plaining why your character finds it empowering. Maybe one
reminds your character of the first creature he ever encoun-
tered, of is reminiscent of a memory, experience or past love.
Thus, while different Waywards can bear the same symbols
and gain the same benefits from them, they all ascribe the
same signs with different meanings and personal significance.

Members of other creeds — and Waywards with less
than 4 Vision — gain no effects from these symbols when
they're drawn on theit bodies. Nor do they understand the
significance of the signs that "qualified" psychos do. Perhaps
these other hunters just aren't psychotic enough to grasp
"worthy" Waywards' perspective on and appreciation for the
hunt. On the very rare occasions when two Waywards meet,
they can appreciate the meaning of any symbols inscribed on
each other. Psychos can even adopt new symbols from peers
when their Vision rises next, but cach Wayward still invests
each symbol with his own personal significance, not with the
same meaning that another of the killers does.

"Devastating,"™brural,"
"awesome"; +1 to all
rolls



versed from the earth, which had
brother's blood from thy

The imbuing does more than grant Waywards new
abilities: it imposes an imperative to kill that immedi
ately overrides any previous moral code, and that forces
these poor souls into psychopathy. The result is people
who fight a losing battle to stay human, while the worst
part of them acknowledges nothing more than a geno
cidal obligation to be fulfilled at any cost. Some fight
their compulsions. Others revel in them. This chapter

profiles some of these people for you to use as characters

or to introduce in your chronicle. Feel free to customize
or alter them in any way to fit the needs of your story


LL en

MASATE

Prelude: While you weren't actually born with a gun in your hands, you came dam close. Your

vanted a son but seemed to accept you as long as you did some of the things a boy might

So, when he took you hunting for the first time, you went along for his sake. Much to your
surprise $, you really enjoyed it.

You couldn't wait until you were old cnough to go hunting alone. In the meantime, you
¢ with dad most weekends and learned to strip, clean and shoot a gun. You were
good at it, toc
Everyone had a gun where you grew up. It was just an accepted part of life. Your mom and

dad drilled it home that you needed guns for protection from criminals and madmen, just like
| the cowboys needed them to protect themselves back in the Old West. As you grew older, they
taught you it was your right to carry a gun, a right protected by law
It was only once you were a grown-up and had moved to th
ne fe way. Some bleeding-heart liberals actually seemed to believe that

INTER BOOK : WAYWARD

guns cowed trouble instead of preventing it. Even a few politicians agreed
But your life was comfortable: work as a secretary, evenings in bars with gun-club
naddies and weekends hu: got back home witl ul. Then, one day as you walked home
from work, you saw something —someone that was just as much an animal asthe creatures
you shot in the woods. Then and there, you knew why guns were so important
You tracked the creature back to its home — or lair, as you thought of it. The
first bullet put it down. It got up again. The second and third put it down, as well.
1 time, and you switched to hollow-points

ok longer to get up th

in the city soon afterward, and now
wusy trainin @ them inte parties. Week-
ends away in the country are the perfect opportunity to teach this
ill-matched collection of people some decent gun skills. Some of them
initially disagreed with jrades and methods, but they cither
ran them off. Okay, a few didn't run or give in, but they
Y more, either
re a young, committed hunter who has spent most
of her life killing animals with guns. Now, the reason for all th
practice is clear. Long ago, you mentally classified all antmals as game.
low you realize that you need to include some — or maybe all —
people in there, t00.
Roleplaying Hints: Monsters deserve nothing more than a
quick, clean end. You're good with a gun and prefer to kill at range
rather than up close and personal. Anyone who's with you is
trained to the best of your ability. You even share your guns if that
makes fora better kill. Ifanyone gets in your way, however, a bullet
solves the problem quickly. You're adept at faking everything from
a professional hit to an accidental shooting

Equipment: Selection of shotguns and rifles of different
sizes and uses, ammunition, outdoor survival gear, hunting
permits for several different states, a small car and a battered old
truck for weekends

gave in oF yo
aren't problems a
Concept


Cad

Nave: Nature: Fanatic Primary VIRTUE: vision
Prayer: DEMEANOR: Traditionalist CREED: Wayward
CHRONICLE: ConcEPT: Huntswoman Sraxnine Convicnon: 4
© eee ee ewe, ATTRIBUTES Se ete ee
PHYSICAL Soca
Strength. 290 Charisma
DexterityiGachil @ @ @ @O Manipulation.
Staminn—___ ® ©0990 Appearance Fi

> en ae ST Joirics SSE Se ee

TALENTS Srus KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@@00 Animal Ken. ©0000 Academics. 99900C
Athletics. @@000 Craft. 29000 Bureaucracy. e000
Awareness >20000 Demolitions. 29000 Computer. e@@e00
Brawl @9000 Drive @9000 Finance. 29900
Dodge. 929000 Eriquette 229900 Investigation. 99090
Empathy. @02000 Firearms—Gnsicd © @ @ @O Law. o000Cc
Expression 29000 Melee. 29900 Linguistics. 9000
Intimidation ___O 9 00 0 Poison @2000 Medicine. e000
" Intuition 29000 Security. 929900 Occult. 2000
Leadership____@ @ 000 Strealth_Gulinc) _@ @ @ @ © Politics. 20900
Streetwise 990900 Survival____ee000 peer 9O000C
Subterfuge. 990900 Technology, 999000 OC ieee O O-O56.
© eee ee oe ADVANTAGES se ome
BACKGROUNDS Epces ViRTUES
Name Creep Livi = TRIG Marcy Vision Zen
ies 00000  mapt_Devian@0000. re. oe,
BOSE nS)
Ss
©0000 Parsee visinar@0000. : =
tama__@9000 200009. 42 2
Rescurcee 5 00. sO a
@@e00 9000" tons
5000.0. 300009. 72. ae
4 2900090 00099. § 2. 2
50600 —— 50000-——_-_ ¢o-— = a

© eee ae Se Se ee ee
ewes DERANGEMENTS sme seme CONVICTION em eeemeemee HEALTH em

senda OIOIOO'O79.0 OO Bruised Q
h eee = WILLPOWER = Hurt 10
@@e@e0000000 Injured 1a

gg0aggqgo00000 vee © .

owmemes EXPERIENCE ——— Crippled >-@

Incapacitated

eee ee oes SE, ees oie Sy

ER BOOK: WAYWARD Tig ee I ar re Aa EER

Resid ire dthacleoume Meghods meget nothsrig |

Roleplaying Hints: Y


Pray: DEMEANOR: Architect CREED: wayward
(CHRONICLE: CoNCEPT: Ruthless Businessman STARTING CONVICTION: 4
© eee ee wwe, ATTRIBUTES Se ee ee
PHysicaL Sociat Mental
Strength. @@000 Charisma____e @ @ 0 0 Perception e000
+ Dexterity: @@@00 Manipulation__e @ @ © © Intelligence. e oxo)
+ Stamina @@0900 Appearance. e@ee00 Wits. e@0een0
ee a eg 9 et ee
TALENTS Skis KNOWLEDGES.
Alertness—____@ @ 900 Animal Ken___9 99000 Academic: 990000
J Athtetics 2000 Crafts 20200 Bureaucracy e@@e000
, Awareness 90000 Demolitions. 990000 Computer. 290000
Brawl. 99900 Drive @@@00 FinancetGoum @@@@0
Dodge. 29000 Etiquette. @ © @ 0 O Investigation__.0 0000
Empathy. 29000 Firearms. @@000 Law. @eo000
Expression. 990000 Melee. 29900 Linguistic: 290000
Intimidation _@ 9 0 0 © Performa ©2900 Medicine 20000
" Intuition 0 00.0 0 Security. @299000 Cccule 99000
Leadership____9 90000 Stealth. >Q9000 Politics. @o0000
Streetwise @90900 Survival. 29000 Research. 00000
Subterfuge. >Q000 Technology. @02000 Science. 90000
an ewe ADVANTAGES Sa oe ee Sa
r BACKGROUNDS Epces VIRTUES,
Name Crtep Level «= TRIGGER Mercy Vision Zeal
Sag Ses Sewer
Tofluence______@ @® 000 umpart_peviance @0000. 1 = 3
2. Ohicens are. Aaa
Resources _
@@@0O0  Bxrewsrm Devic ©0000 3 eH
20000 20000. 42 >, 2.
52. Pas 1
D0D.00, ——— 900090. $ Roe
20000 22900. 72. 5. 2
29090090 20009. . 2 > 2
1601010 «= —_—_—. pooco-——._ {= Ses se
ee ae Se ee eee ee ee ee
eames DERANGEMENTS sm wee CONVICTION ee ene HEALTH

Messlomania @e@e@aeod00000

oem WILPOWRR-————
@ee@ao0o000000

pagaaeae0cnaa
ome EXPERIENCE ——— om

Bruised a
Hurt 10
Injured 10
Wounded a
Mauled 20
Crippled 502
Incapacitated  Q

— em eee ee ee ee

——————— ss reg

1 ot no Bhcpnie sags anymore

Prelude: A\

Concept: Yc
minded abou

you in the least. As f


Nave: Nature: autocrat
PLaye: DEMEANOR: Bravo
CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Wily Thug
© eee ee wee, ATTRIBUTES Se te et
PuysicaL Soci MENTAL
Strength—_—___ @ @ @ 90 Charisma. @@@ 00 Perception
Dexterity 29 Manipulation_@ @ @ © 0 _Intelligenc
Stamina______ © @ @ 9.0 Appearance. @e000 Wit.
© eee ee ee AD) ))S See ee ee
TALENTS Sxus KNOWLEDGES ‘
Alertness. 29900 Animal Ken. 209900 Academics. 290000
Athletics. @2000 Crafts. 29000 Bureaucrac 90000
Awareness 200200 Demolitionn—_e 0 0 9 9 Compute 9900
Brawl @@ee0.) Drive 99000 Financ 290090
Dodge. @00 Etiquette. 200900 Investigation. 290000
Empath 2Q000 Firearms. @@e@000 Law. @e000
Expression. > 2OO Melee_______9 0000 Linguistics. 990000
Intimidation ____@ @ 0 © © Performance___@ 9000 Medicin—___® 9099090
Intuition 2 290 Security, @@e@0900 Cccult 20000
Leadership. 290 Stealth @@0900 Politic 299000
Streetwise. @@0900 Survival___9 9900 Research. 209000
Subterfuge 900 Torure____e@ @9900 Science, 20000
© eee en ee ADVANTAGES St oe ee
‘ BACKGROUNDS Ences Virtues
Name Creep Levan = TRGGER Mercy VISION Zeat
Sgt Sev Seu oe Same ree
Allies ___@ @@© © umpsrt_peviancs @0000. 1. =
Toss ao —
@ 2000  Peremrn Deviance @@009 3 ome
Patron @eoo00 30099. 42. O. >.
os = OSs
t >
90000 90000. ; Eg Ee
290000 30099. 72. 5. >.
2990090 39999. . 2. E 2.
99000 2000: peg Boat ee

© eee ee ee ee ee eee
umes DERANGEMENTS seem cmc CONVICTION meme emcee HEALTH ———

"Antisocial Peremality pistes © @@®®OOO000 Bruised a
e owmene- WILLPOWER ——— Hurt 10
@e0e0000000 ah aa

b — Qoo00000000 Neaee ek
owes EXPERIENCE ——— Crippled 5Q

Incapacitated ~ Q


Promincny WavwarDs

The following are among the most
Waywards. That is, in the minds of most hunters they're
nothing more than maniacs and mass killers who have no

"notorious" of

sense of morality or subtlety in the hunt. And yet, some
Visionaries and Zealotscan see a method to their madness, and
a few have even begun to wonder if these people aren't privy
to greater truths than other imbued realize. Still, understand-
ing these imbued means getting over the atrocities they have
committed — and undoubtedly will continue to.

Guavron Acecer Maynew Ja., aka Atusywan222,
ana Peteus, AKA UID 564756, ana Mayas

Berween his 1951 birth and his present-day infamy, the
man born as Clayton Mayhew Jr. has had many aliases. The
vagaries of his imbuing have left him with little beyond those
false names except a cold, calculated purpose that has made
him an outlaw among outlaws

After 18-year-old Ine: Ebum revealed her surprise preg-
nancy to her mother, a marriage of convenience and a
Iengthy honeymoon abroad quickly followed. Thirteen
months later, Inez and Clayton Mayhew were driving home
to introduce "their" new baby to his kin when « truck
broadsided their Cadillac. Only the infant survived.

Of course, Ines's mother knew the orphaned child was
no Mayhew at all, But what even she didn't know was that
the child's true father was full-blooded Cherokee, a migrant
worker whom her daughter had met in the Ebum family's
tobacco fields.

So it was that even as Clayton Jr. was brought up by his
grandfather Jack Mayhew — a stalwart among the North
ina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan — each passing year
made the boy look less like proper white supremacist material.

Somethin' ain't right about that boy," was Jack's mantra.)
netheless, Jack saw a chance to make over a son who
had been a tremendous disappointment to him. He person

ally instructed nine-year-old Clayton Jr. in the "art of lynch-
ing niggers," and made the boy a crack shor, despite the
crudity of the caricarured blacks that filled the old man's
firing range. Unfortunately, "pickaninnies" weren't the only
targets of Jack's loathing. The constant threats, insults and
assaults directed at his grandchild only worsened as the boy
grew ever more to resemble (as Jack phrased it) "the flip side
of a buffato nickel."

Asa young man, Clayton Jr. was brought into the Klan
mostly because his grandfather was a prominent member. As
one of the knights, the young man took part in mob violence
with real gusto and no one could deny his skill with a rifle.
‘When his hood was off, however, his "brethren" got nervous.
After fights began to disrupe the ranks, it was Jack who asked
the boy to leave "for the good of the cause."

Clayton Jr. drifted for some time before he decided that
a military career was what he needed to prove himself. He
couldn't pass the psych exams, though.

Ultimately, Clayton Jr. reached Southeast Asia as a
freelance photographer — although not a very god one. His
experiences there gave him another group of people to hate,
however. Once he renurned home, he was a walking pillar of
malice. He tried to find himself a place among the hate
groups infesting the northwestern United States. Little
progress awaited him there, because his appearance raised
even more disquiet among racists in this region where Native
Americans were far more visible — and, in Clayton's circles,
despised.

Unquestionably, his imbuing on a dark, wooded road in
Washington State saved him from aimless ignominy, self-
hatred and probable suicide. Whether anyone — Clayton Jr.
included —is better off for thar "salvation" is open to debate

Prior to his encounter with God45, Clayton Jr. suffered
from an odd derangement that mentally blocked him from
using his own name. Thus, he routinely identified himself by
one of a revolving series of aliases, many similar to his given
names. What effect the revelation of his true parentage
might have on his future behavior is uncertain.

Josuur Marrnews, aka Go045

It was a trial by fire for the hunter who calls
himself God45

He was a family man from Philadelphia with a son, a wife
anda tenuous position asa histologic technician at Abington
Hospital. By day, he prepared slides of biopsies, tumors and
other potentially cancerous tissues for the resident patholo-
gist. By night, he tried to manage his family, manage his
money and manage the workload from his classes at Temple
Medical College. Every day was a fierce juggling act as he
tried to keep the elements of his world in balance, all the
while becoming increasingly inured to the world of blood and
cancer that he saw through the microscope.

Ie happened slowly. The message, a single phrase, was
given to him in a fleeting moment at the hospital. It was a
stuttering glimpse ahead to his imbuing, which would de-
scend fully chat night during the family dinner. The message
was delivered again, the doors of perception opened wide and
Joshua saw his son as he really was: a blotch, astain, inhuman.
Joshua's reaction was blind, irrational, murderous. He took a
knife and cut the boy's throat. His wife attempted to stop


eee ee erdoeeaia

xplained the m
They were cancer. He had

¢, to save lives and to ex

er be, for
J him the chance to he

Attributes: Screngt

ception (War
Abilities:

Kirsry McGactuw
The Ki

of central Se
y McCallum an
heir first baby gitl

confident that the

rent li

her way home, she ran

da job. She abandone

herself up in a squalid fla

Visionary
Meanwhile, her sec

er, after

exceses and pe

Kk aking control. But the k Ve
' Kineys become
pecs of the loving wife and

sty once WAS onally »

le more than a very pr

steadying 1

passionate and

upe in efforts to smoke
have made the hunters

at is dealt with, Nyangoma moves on.

‘ inces her to stay — not that many of her
* have ever felt like asking her to do so, Individuals
who've discused her oa et and ebewhere talk
(evidently with bad memories) of her utter commitmeni
destroying the group's foc, even if it costs the imbued
pe nd thean their lives. Scill, ach chosen concede
t of them would be around to discuss Nyangomahad
" sometioes wish d
Nyangoma, a
a in the Congo cs. She remains 6
vic J demandin hand and refuses to de het hun
few weeks, te a profesional level
\

se cn ds sacri ne et a

[OCR skipped on page(s) 107]
The End Is Nigh

‘Monstersare everywhere, lurking in the shadows,

©) masquerading as upstanding citizens, hiding in
plain sight. They murder, abuse and oppress

‘) humanity. They have to be stopped, at
ey any price. A new force emerges among
hunters, a new creed neverseen before

— or has it been among them from

the start? These chosen are bent on
‘obliterating the supematural —and

‘anyone who gets in their way. Are
these wanton killers the world's
imessiahs... or its destroyers?

Stand or Fall

Hunter Book: Wayward is part of
a Hunter: The Reckoning series
dedicated to the creeds, the character
types of the imbued. Waywards are one
of the two lost hunter creeds, a group of
tmaniacs and psychopaths — even by
monsters' standards. Learn what it takes
to drive these hunters over the edge —
or to make them the most prophetic
among the chosen.
