# File: Wendigo.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook tor Werewolf; The. Apocalypse
Tribebook 13



| mn Ee Se ae
«MARY WANTED A BABY REAL BAD. SHE HAD NO
HUSBAND, BUT HAD BEEN WITH MEN ANYWAY.
NOBODY COULD GIVE HER A CHILD; MAYBE THERE
WAS SOMETHING WRONG WITH HER INSIDES.*>>

Translated

from Yupik
ss

ANGALKUQ, THE SHAMAN, fj
AS HER GRANDMOTHER HADI

WAS CHRISTIAN NOW, AND)
THE PEOPLE LAUGHED AT
THE SHAMAN.» i

=

GLAD FOR HER; HER RELATIVES
WERE DOUBTFUL.»

—_" a 22 5
PT <<HE GAVE HER A BABY, SO HE | | |] «THEY WERE RIGHT. THE BABY WAS BORN DISFIGURED
@ MUST HAVE HAD SOME POWER MOST SAID IT WAS JUST UNFORTUNATE. OTHERS
KNEW WHAT IT REALLY WAS.>
lm a

Nadi <<IT WAS AANAKALLIIQ.
2 HE ATE HIS MOTHER.»

a7 ate


«MARY'S RELATIVES MOVED AWAY J «<THE FOOL. AANAKALLIIQ WAS BORN
AND LEFT THE BABY BEHIND. A BAD; THE CHANGER WOULD HAVE.
WANDERING WOLF-CHANGER | . Vv zs KNOWN THAT IF HE'D HEARD THE OLD
HEARD THE STORY AND CAME TO < 3 STORIES. INSTEAD, HE FED THE BABY
SEE WHY.» 3 7 AND MADE IT STRONGER.»>

«HE WAS A CHILD OF GAIA, AND

THOUGHT THAT ALL CREATURES

WERE BORN INNOCENT AND PURE.>>
i

«NEGEQVAQ IS OUR S
LEADER, A MIGHTY AHROUN| «<I AM WALKING CLOUD,
FROM THESE LANDS.» « FROM THE BLACK HILLS.»>

Vim

«<«KIUNIK IS A WARRIOR «<EQUK IS A GREAT
FROM THE EAST COAST THEURGE, AND
OF THE GREAT WA NEGEQVAQ'S BROTHER»>


«DO YOU HEAR THAT
DRUM? IT BELONGED TO
AN EVIL ANGALKUQ! IT
IS A THING OF POWER!»

é

{/

~~ i

Wa
'
%

«IT HAS OPENED A HOLE TO THE
WORLD BENEATH THE EARTH! WE
MUST GO BELOW TO PLUG IT> 4h

Tie!

y <POWER?
WHAT DOES
IT DO» JNJ
: :
a
> .

«AANAKALLIIQ

SUMMONS ALLIES.>> 4


/ «DIE, AANAKALLITQ!
YOU SHOULD HAVE
NEVER COME BACKl>>

<<QUICKLY] WE MUST PURSUE INTO
THE WORLD BENEATH THE EARTH,
OR HE WILL RETURN ELSEWHERE!>»


F:SO MANY STAND IN aie
\ OUR WAY!>> ,

‘> te»

gO <I WILL CALLOUR SI
~ TUUNRAT,

es > AMIKUK' 4 |

b>
4 Uf.


«HE GROWS
STRONGER WITH

By <WHAT CAN WE DO? WHAT
we DOES THE LORE SAY?>>

«IT DOES NOT TELL OF HIS
DEATH, BUT MANY ANGALKUQ
BELIEVE HE DIED OF EXPOSURE.»


<<THEN LET HIM TASTE THE BITTER WIND OF THE NORTHP>

<<ALREADY THE HOLE SEALS.>»,
Ye anol p

es ai

«SAD THAT MANY DIED. IF PEOPLE STILL SANG THE
OLD QULIRAT, THE ANCIENT STORIES, THEY WOULD
HAVE KNOWN TO KILL AANAKALLIIQ.»>

=

—

= —-.

} SSF 4 /
rE od

—F
im 4

i

Ys oN
maey)

4

<IF ANY BEINGS ESCAPED, WE
WILL FIND THEM AND CHASE
THEM BACK.>>

Se

/ . ee .,
ya «WITHOUT THE OLD WISDOM, MANY
fell THINGS GO WRONG IN THE WORLD...»

SAD 1



a AA

Credits

Author: Bill Bridges

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Ed Hall

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Pia Guerra, Patrick Kochakji, Jeff Rebner
Comic Book Art: Ron Spencer

Layout & Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Back Cover Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Intern: Summer Mullins

4 9 Peal 735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
PA 13

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

Sh

GAME STUDIO

White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

mark or copyright concerned.

only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN USA

2 eres eran om ren STEREO) Sr ite  amrNRR ean ara

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade and Mage the Ascen-
sion are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publish-
ing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Werewolf the Wild West, Axis Mundi the Book of
Spirits and Wendigo Tribebook are trademarks of White

Special Thanks

Justin "El Caliente" Achilli, for drinking the fire instead
of... well, you know, using his superpower.

Andrew "Quanta-Serum" Bates, for revealing that there's
a little World War II supervillain in all of us.

Pauline "Flirting With Disaster" Benney, for calling the
Black Knight of Masked Death "cute."

Chad "Smash Button!" Brown, for his liberated views on
the care and feeding of Darkstalkers.

Rob "The Honeymoon's Ov
and freeing up his Monday

" Hatch, for calling it quits
and Thursdays.

Jess "Running Monkey" Heinig, for being fool enough to
enter the Hell of Redlining Manuscripts.

Chris "Celine Dion Soundtrack" McDonough, for having
James Cameron's baby. In spirit, of course.

Rich "Bone Daddy" Thomas, for bringing another little
wolf cub into the fold.

Mike "Release the Hounds" Tinney, for scoring the first
official Digimon™ kill.

Fred "Clumpy" Yelk, for soiling his sand.

Author's Dedication

For Bakk'a hulonee ("Many Tracks"), with thanks. For
Jane, with love. For all my relations.

Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. All charac-
ters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-

tersand themes. Alll mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes

http://www.white-wolf.com;alt.games.whitewolfand

Mea Culpa!

Aiee! Not one, but two books with flagrant failures to
credit those who worked on them! Many thanks to E.
Jonathan Bennett and Matthew Lippay for their edito-
rial assistance on Uktena Tribebook; sorry we left you
out of the credits, guys.

And another quick plea for forgiveness to Phil Brucato
for omitting his name in Werewolf Players Guide,
Second Edition — the big cats just wouldn't have been
the same without your hard work, Phil, and I hope you're
as glad as I am to see some of their toys printed there at
last.

Again, most abject apologies. It'll never — eceever

happen again.

10

Wendigo

nn P


The history of the Wendigo

Chapter Two: Peta-ow)

The culture of the Wendiggl

Chapter Three:

The Wendigo in the Pure Lat

Five ready-to-play character templates

Introduction: The Lodge of the Winds
Chapter One: Kallegneq (Dri

Appendix Three: Mitakuye Oyasin (All My Relations)

Tribal heroes of the Wendigo

Appendix One: Orenda
New Gifts, rites, fetishes and totems,
Appendix Two: Needjee

Seta

ie //



You who sit in the east, you who sit in the north, you who
sitin the west, and you who sit at the end of the road, I greet you

all. It is good

— Ceremony of Those Who

Have Received Blessings

from the Night Spirits (Winnebago)

The wind was fierce and biting cold. Snow blew heavy
across the sky, blinding Taken-From-Fire as he made his way
over the hills. He was cold and tired, his wounds still bleeding,
refusing to close. The Stone Giant's fists had the poison power
of the Wyrm, and its blows had crushed Taken-From-Fire's
ribs; they would not heal quickly

"I must find shelter soon," he thought, "or I will die here."

It seemed that as soon as he thoughtit, he sawalight ahead,
like a fire seen from afar. He stumbled on and came to a lodge
a mighty building of rough-hewn wood. Inside, he could see
four people sitting on benches around a fire. One of them, a
beautiful maiden, looked at him

"Come inside, noble Garou," she spoke as she stood,
beckoning him. "You are among friends."

Taken-From-Fire entered the lodge and was immediately
warmed. The winds did not penetrate the walls and seemed not
to pass the open door. He walked near to the fire and sat at an
empty spot on the bench, next to the maiden.

A

"Thank you," he said. "I am grateful."

He could now see that the other three people were elders, each of
them strong with orenda, with Power, for strength and vigor was
in their limbs and faces. To the east was an old, tall woman with
an ugly face yet wise eyes. She reached into a bag and offered
Taken-From-Fire dried meat, which the Garouaccepted hungrily

To the north was a large and broad old man, fat but with
akind face..To the west was a thin but muscled young man,
with a well-formed face and eyes that seemed to contain
lightning

"Welcome, Taken-from-Fire," the big one said. "Welcome
to our lodge. Will you stay for a while and hear our stories?"

‘Yes, I shall,

know my name

Taken-From-Fire said. "But how did you

The wiry one to the west smiled. "You are a renowned
wolf-changer, of the Wendigo-People, as are we. We honor
you here."

"And now you must eat," said the maiden to the south.
"And while you do so, we will tell our stories. We will sing of
the Wendigo-People and their deeds in the world

The Lodge of the Winds 13

ee eee



auop poy ay sv pip oym ‘aarj-wosy-uayp J 01 adid
aip aan' Kap ‘paysnaf Koy way "1of-oq som upu Kum arp pup
‘p8-0-any Som uapImuUL ay J "syUuDYy fo TuDYD ay piws pun adid ay
3001 Wing UL Yove 1of ‘saULDU A1ayn [TD WAVE] a41J-WLOL.J-UAYD | PIP
Com v yons uy u-op-unk-C aq 02 auwnu say payvanar pun JUDY
ay2 parade. oym "asva ays ut sapya ay) 02 adid aya papuny 2}]
« Yos-0-04 "pynyp amok wo | "nok Jouoy pup syunyy
Amo nok aai3 | *0200q0I snp NOK am8 | "UO Pus am yLv9 asoym
moaq YD AayIOUPUDLD puv anogn pum fo os1pua/y\ ‘suoNIaLp
yw fo suuds nok 12018 | jsuomppr Kut py juisv6o aknyonyy,,
:08 pip ay sv ayods apy "moqaq
pun anogn ‘you ‘isan way pun ‘syuny aav3 pup yrmos ayn Or
pauins ap] ‘sump aav8 pun rsva ayp 01 pawn ayy "adid ayp uo sffnd

bausayoy

Buous yum 0220900 ayn 1481 01.31 pasn ay ‘auLn}fp som 11 22UE, anf
ayy nut pua sn and pun oof ayy wouf 3ima v 4001 aH] ,," Suny sno
ani3 0], PIs ay ,,‘Stuads ayy 03 0220901 Jaffo 1ssxf isMUL 2/4,
Jog ayp ura paonyd Gmfexvs puv 0220901 fo your v yonc ad sty wouf
oor uayp ap] "aypupy adi ayn 02 1 payspun ay pun ‘anogn 1 pasaffo
pun ais ayp yBnoup n possod ap] "auorsadid Koad ‘ourf wosf apow
{mog adid v uayp pun ‘Bnq sry wouf add v yoo Aapja 51g 24 |
auayp aan auou ySnoyy
‘ois pynioa snurds pine ou pun ‘ayous yp Kq pasunay9 som 20044 2y, |
mozaq puv anogo ‘12wi09 Kiana 01 panour ayouts S71 pun ‘23poq ay
poy puioxn siq "1 wing 01 wn8oq pun Sng tay woxf aps 4001 unwoM
PIO arp ‘am ay sy "ump uy on Kynf ruam afy pun paso spunom
SIE] "112% aef puv waw paup ‘pos ayn am aut.J-wo04J-uayD |

(odeqouut yy) sumidg ayp 01 BuLaYO Od9eqo | —
0990901 AY St a49}{ "pjo2 axv am ‘pins frasinok
nok sy] "NOK 01 papuaaxa Kau.arsod sty wp o290gG01 fo sSuuaffo ayp
3qa20v (Buyin prnom nox sysyj pom arp spsuo] svImyp prws nok puv
vipjtumiBurvagol Jaypofpuvs8 fo sBusssaqg sayio ayp on samod nok
Pape nog ‘os nok fo ‘wooyy sayrowpunsry ‘ys am sty |
afr, pun svm fo yrod ayStous vw jaan Kou uawsun
4no wy Os ‘pis sayrfpun.s ‘wayn dada sComyp ym NOX *soun 7D
10 NOK 01 puas am pia unysyang fo sBuaffo pun poof pun ‘os20q01
ay) 200)4 | ]]PYS auf ayn ut aia] *099090I oY Si Q4a}] "SuIsvIIOU PUD
poof pun 0220901 NOK 40f mo poasds am op ‘sayroupunss C ‘anf wmy
‘puarxa nok sv 40f sy *s1mod 20m pun afr yam vyrjSumSuruago/

Laywfpunsd passayg nok ‘yung ‘ayrOUpUD.s Ano aap Oy NOX


Sr ere ee eer LA ar en a rem amare

wh S74

They sat down again, and Ya-o-gah put away the pipe. "It is
done. Nowwe must tell of our beginnings, for the storm grows fierce
outside, and Jipijka'm, the Horned Serpent Person, will try to sing
his song to it. Ours must be first, and stronger, for the fate of our
Grandmother's world depends upon us."

Taken-From-Fire wrinkled his brow in confusion. "I don't
understand. What do you mean? How does the storm matter?"

"It is not a storm of wind and ice alone," O-yan-do-ne of the
east said. "The Wyld is in it, and it can make and unmake things.
It is now that we must sing the old songs, to maintain the world as
Grandmother meant it to be. But our Enemy, the Homed Serpent
—he who the other wolf-changer tribes call the Wyrm —also sings,
as do his children, and they will ery to unmake the world with this
storm. He will try to unmake the Wendigo-People, his fiercest
enemies. We cannot allow that to happen. We must sing strongly,
and speak of all our ancestors, from our very beginning to our
children to come. Otherwise, they will cease to be."

"Wheream |?" Taken-From-Fire said. "Ifthatisa Wyldstorm,
I must be in the Umbra! What kind of lodge is this?"

"Teis the Lodge of the Winds," Ne-o-ga of the south said. "But
we must begin our songs, before it is too late to sing them."

"Yes," Ya-o-gah said. "I will begin, for I am the oldest, and
know these things from long ago..."

Song of Creation

"N'gah auttissookae. I call on you muses to inspire me.
I invite you on our journey," Ya-o-gah said. "Our People are
many, and many are their stories. These are the ones I know,
the ones given to the wolf-changers."

Muzzu-Kummik-Quae, Grandmother Earth, also called
Unchi or Gaia, wanted to make a place for Her children and
all the other land beings to live upon. She asked the animals
to help Her gather soil. Only Muskrat succeeded in finding
soil; for this he had to go deep to the bottom of the Great
Waters and carry it back in his mouth. He could only bring
a small mouthful, but such is Grandmother Earth's power
that She took this handful and made the world with it.

First, Beaver volunteered to carry the earth on his
back, but it was too heavy for him. Then, Turtle said that
he could do it. So the earth was puton his back. As the earth
grew, so did Turtle. Grandmother bid all Her children to
live on the earth and be happy.

Among the beings She created, Grandmother had
many beautiful human daughters. All the animal people
wanted to court them, and some of them married. They are
the parents of the changing people, those who are both
animal and human, like the wolf-changers.

But Grandmother would not allow all Her human chil-
dren to marry animal people, saying it was more proper that
they marry otherhumans. From these children come the many
humans of different colors. There are too many of them.

Sometimes, Grandmother was tricked, like the time
Kwakwadjec wooed Her daughter. Grandmother believed he
wasa fine man, one who wasimmune or invulnerable to magic,
and so She let Her daughter marry him. Only later did She find
out who he really was — She had been tricked by Wolverine!

1

: / a

Wendigo

Her favorite grandchildren were those of Sky Woman,
Her daughter who had married a wolf-person. These children
were wolf-changers, and there were three of them; they were
called Older Brother, Middle Brother and Little Brother.

These brothers loved one another very much, and they
were rarely apart; they went everywhere together. Eventu-
ally, the time came when they had to take wives and live in
separate homes. Older Brother chose a human for a wife
and lived near the water. Middle Brother also chose a
human and lived on the plains, close to the land. Little
Brother chose a wolf to marry and lived in the forests. They
came often to see one another.

Now, these brothers had wolf-changer cousins, whose
children grew into many tribes. But these others did not
know the proper ways to live in the world, and they always
wanted to take from it without giving back. They were also
afraid of their own Kin, the humans, for the humans' ways
were strange. Instead of teaching them properly, the other
wolf-changers chose to scare them, to force them to act as
they should. This behavior only made the humans stranger.

At this time, there was a land without wolf-changers.
When it was made, it was safe from evil and did not need
wolves to defend it. But the Horned Serpent came here and
birthed many children who destroyed what beauty they
saw. Grandmother cried many tears and begged Her favor-
ite grandchildren, the wolf-changers, to travel to this far
land and protect it from evil.

Many of the wolf-changers did not listen. They did not
want to leave their homes, even for their Grandmother,
who had given them the earth they lived on. But the three
brothers heeded their Grandmother, and they gathered
their people and followed Grandmother's signs to the far
land. And so, the brothers left their cousins and did not see
them again for many lifetimes. =

The Long Journey

On a wondrous sheet of ice

All crossed the frozen sea

At low tide in the

Narrows of the ocean.

Ten times a thousand,

They crossed;

All went forth in a night

— Wallum Olum (The Red Record)

Ya-o-gah sat back and closed his eyes. There was silence for
atime, with only the breath of the wind outside to be heard. Then
he spoke again:

It was a hard journey, for the way was blocked by the
Horned Serpent'sallies. They knew that if the brothers' people
came to this land, the Homed Serpent's creatures would soon
bedriven from it. They did not want this, andso they senttheir
warriors against the brothers and attacked their people.

But the brothers were mighty. Older Brother knew
much about the manitous and the secret Powers of the Six
Worlds. Middle Brother was wise and understood other
people, and he could fell another's desires even when they

cia cm 7 a


were hidden from him. Little Brother was a fierce warrior,
unequaled in fighting.

Their people all shared in these powers, but more was
needed for them to win. The people prayed and made allies of
the spirits, the sacred and invisible manitous of the sky, waters
and land. And Grandmother sent the greatest of Her protec-
tors to guide them, the giant Sasquatch, powerful spirit of the
forests. Also with them were Uktena, master of the waters, and
Turtle, the Earthbearer. With their aid and the goodwill of the
spirits, the Horned Serpent's evil beings were defeated.

Great was the despair on the journey, for many died
and were not seen again. At every place they camped, there
was trouble and they got no peace. Sasquatch was untiring,
and he lent his stamina to the wolf-changers so that they
never weakened. But so great was the evil of their enemies
that even Sasquatch's power failed him. He mourned the
loss of so many of the people, but the wolf-changers told
him to hide his tears, lest the warriors lose heart. And so he

hid his tears deep within him, and cried into his heart
instead of down his cheeks.

Finally came the day when the People could see the
Pure Land. There! Across the icy waters, it waited for them.
And there, the greatest number of evil ones came upon
them. Bloody was that final battle as the People fought
their way across the ice to the new land. Little Brother's
people guarded the rear, for they were the mightiest fight-
ers. Great were their losses, greater than all the other

peoples', and sore were their hearts to lose so many.

74

Among them was Morning Sun, mightiest of them and
beloved most of all wolf-changers by Sasquatch. She it was
who fell last, after killing many of her enemies. Her howl
shattered the ice, and many serpent-beings fell to their
deaths in the freezing wat

Morning Sun fell and did not rise again. Sasquatch's
mighty hands picked up her body and shook it, trying to
breathe life back into her. But she was gone.

No cry of anguish before or since has so hurt the world
as that of Sasquatch. His bellow became a scream of rage
and anger that caused the Horned Serpent to shiver and
shed its skin and go slithering into the dark earth to hide for
years afterward. And during that cry, Sasquatch's tears
froze, the tears he had kept inside himself, close to his heart
for so long. With them, his heart became ice, and no more
did he laugh or smile. He was no longer Sasquatch. He had
become Wendigo, the Vengeance of the Wind.

His howl became a storm of snow and ice that blan-
keted the camps of their enemies in the new land, and froze
them. Wherever he stepped on the new land, the ground
froze and hail descended. The monsters fled from him and
crawled into dark caves and hid from sight. But he rooted
them out and tore their hearts from their breasts and ate
them, taking their power for himself.

But now the people were afraid, for although Wendigo
chased their enemies away, his cold killed the animals and
the plants. There would be no food for the wolf-changers or
the Pure Ones they were sworn to save.

Kallegneq 17


\

Older Brother and Middle Brother knew that he must
be stopped before all of the Pure Land became ice. But
Wendigo did not heed them, for words were as snow to his
ears — they melted as soon as they touched them. It was
Little Brother who knew what must be done.
Speaks-His-Will, a wise one among them, said to the
people of Older and Middle Brother: "You must go south
and east, far from here. Little Brother will stop the Wendigo
and contain him in the North." And so the Uktena and
Croatan went onward, leaving the Wendigo tribe behind.

Speaks-His-Will approached Wendigo and called to
him, using the words of his old friend, Morning Sun.
Wendigo halted and looked about him, as if he had heard
the buzzing of mosquitoes but could not see them.

Speaks-His-Will called again, and this time Wendigo
looked down and saw him. Wendigo recognized the wolf-
changer, for he was of Morning Sun's tribe, of her people.
Speaks-His-Will begged him to calm himself and let spring
come tothe landagain. Wendigo'seyessoftenedasheremembered
the love he bore for these people, and he sat down in that place.

He said to Speaks-His-Will, "Only one thing will calm
my rage, and it is this: You must swear to kill the serpent
beings and fight them wherever they appear. You may
invoke me and summon my power, but know that to do so
is to summon my rage, which even I cannot control.
Between these times I will abide here, in these northern
lands where your people are, and go no farther. But there
will be a reminder of my anger in the wind, for it will bite
those who walk unprotected."

18

Wendigo

Wendigo's great body then melted, spreading a cool
lake over the land he sat on. But his spirit was taken up by
the wind, which grew cold and bitter.

Andso, Little Brother, the Wendigo-People, settled in
the North to contain Wendigo. But even they cannot
always still him, for he often breaks forth and brings freezing
winter to the South.

Ya-o-gah was silent for a while, pondering what had been
said. He then spoke again:

People say many things about this song. Some say
that the three brothers came from the lands west of
these, what the wasichu call Siberia, and that they
crossed something called the Bering Strait. Perhaps this
is true. But the Philodox remember it otherwise and say
that we came from another world to be in this one. Some
say that it was the World Above the Sky, and that this
is why the Wendigo-People are strong with the Powers
of the Wind,

That is our Song of Creation, how the Wendigo-
People came to this world and the Pure Lands. The telling
of the next song belonigs to O-yan-do-ne:

Monster Slayers

Evil may enter the world in the guise of a single creature,
but its family multiplies quickly, and there is never an end to the
trials of a true hero

— Richard Erdoes and Alfonso Ortiz, American Indian
Myths and Legends


a AZ

O-yan-do-ne now began to speak:

The Pure Lands were more beautiful in that time than
any place in this world before or since. But the Horned
Serpent arrived and began to mar Grandmother's work. He
dug deep pits and caves for his servants to live in, so that
they could rest in darkness and not be seen. He spat in the
still waters and poisoned them, but the moving waters he
could not taint, He captured many of Grandmother's
children and turned them to his ways. To them he gave
venom so that their bite was deadly to the Pure Ones. Many
other things did he corrupt.

Then the wolf-changers came and chased him off, slaying his
servantsand scattering their bodies. Ifthey had not come, the Pure
Lands wouldhave been worse than the landsto the east, where the
whites — the wasichu — came from. But they arrived in time,
before the Homed Serpent had begun his work in full.

They hunted down evil wherever it was, sniffing it out
by its stench, for even in those days, the Horned Serpent
could not hide his smell, and all his servants shared in it.
The three brothers did many things to protect the Pure
Lands and its people from danger.

The Wendigo, as Little Brother had come to be called,
were mighty in war, and the tribe drove monsters deep into
their lairs. The Uktena then bound the things to these lairs.
With their power, the Uktena ensured that these foul crea-
tures would not walk free again. The Croatan cleansed the
places where evil had walked, and the tribe readied them to
flower again. Indeed, wherever the Croatan made their vil-
lages, those places are caerns today, so clean are they

Many songs are sung of these times, when the three
brothers slew monsters to protect their Kin and all the other
peoples. But they were not the first changers to walk the Pure
Lands. The bear-changers came first. They recognized the evil
that had come to their lands, and they kept it at bay until
Grandmother could summon the wolf-changers. They got
little reward for it, for many of them died, eaten by the Horned
Serpent's monsters. Their secrets still hide in these lands,
secrets only their children know.

After the Horned Serpent was driven away, the
Wendigo-People settled in villages to the north. Their work
was not done, for monsters still lived, although in fewer
numbers. Great were the Wendigo heroes who slew these
things. Stories still tell of the: atures, for although they are
dead in this world, they may return again in another. They are
otkon, evil by nature. Those who do not know the stories will
not know how to kill them. Many could not be killed, but all
couldbe tricked. In this way, even ahuman maiden coulddrive
them away, if she was clever.

There was No Body, the Great Rolling Head, who rolled
over plains, through forests and through mountains, devour-
ingall the people it could. Its cousin, the Flying Head, haunted
the eastern woodlands. It was twice as big as a Crinos wolf-
changer, with huge, sharp teeth. Its matted hair was so thick
that claws could not reach its hide. Its face was hideous to look

upon, with a twisted scowl and, growing from its cheeks, two
great wings with which it flew far and high.

There was Delgeth, an antelope who ate the flesh of
humans and wolf-changers. He was fast and hard to catch, and


|

aA"

it took many wolf-changers to chase him down. Only with
magic weaponscouldhe be killed, for clawsslipped offhis hide.

There were the Stone Giants — the Stone Coats —
beings who once followed Grandmother but wandered
away and became cannibals. They roll in the sand and make
their skin rock hard. One of them, Ga-nus-quah, returned
to Grandmother and still lives; he teaches the wolf-changers
how to kill what others of his kind are left.

There was Nokos Oma, a twisted, bearlike creature
with long, sharp tusks, and Aziwugum, a black dog with
scales and a strong tail which could kill with a single blow.
There was Palraujuk, the dragon, and the Kukilaluit, gro-
tesque beings with razor-sharp claws who would rend any-
one who found them. There wasalso Babbakwalanooksiwae,
the hideous cannibal spirit. Gnaske, the Crazy Buffalo,
caused madness and disease among the people, and Anukite,
Double-Face the Witch, tricked people; one half ofher face
was beautiful, the other ugly.

The elements, too, could be corrupted by the Horned
Serpent. Even the wind people could be evil, such as lya, a
terrible cyclone creature, or Cloud Swallower, who caused
drought and famine.

All of these beings were bad and deserved to be slain.
A wolf-changer who killed one would cry "Kihe! Kihe!" to
show her prowess.

Although the land was marred by evil's passing, it was
still kept pure by Grandmother's wolf-changers. The worst
things of the Horned Serpent could not last long here, and
it could not use guile in the Pure Lands, where such deceit
was easily seen. In the land of the wasichu to the east, it
learned to hide deep in peoples' hearts, and it did so in the
Pure Lands also, but it could never go unseen for long, for
the wolf-changers sniffed out such evil.

The Wolf Twins

There were the Da-ya-da-no, the twin brothers, Spirits of
Good and Evil. Foreknowing their powers, each claimed domin-
ion, and a struggle between them began...

— Harriet Maxwell Converse, Myths and Legends of the
New York State Iroquois

In these times, there was a wolf-changer woman of the
Wendigo-People called Spruce Woman, and herdaughter had
not yet married. Spruce Woman worried, for she knew that
Grandmother wanted Her changing children to marry and
have many young ones. This daughter came home one day and
she was with child. Spruce Woman was happy butalso curious,
for her daughter had brought no husband with her.

"Whohasdonethisto you, daughter?" Spruce Womanasked.

"1 do not know," the daughter replied. "I found a branch
and swung from it. It felt so good, I did not want to stop."

"Then it is the Wind whois the father of your children.
You will have twins. One will do good things and father
many strong children who will be fierce warriors for Grand-
mother. The other will be bad and cause much trouble. He
will seek your death."

And so it was that she gave birth to twins, two wolf-
changers. Before they were born, she heard them talking in

Wendigo

a

her belly. One said that he would do great things in the
world for Grandmother Earth, and he asked the other what
he intended. The other said that he, too, would do great
things, but they would be of his own doing. It was time for
them to enter the world. The first one came forth properly.
The other, however, came forth from his mother's armpit,
thus killing his mother. It was as Spruce Woman had said.

The two grew very fast and could fend for themselves
within hours of entering the world. The older one mourned
for his mother, and tears ran down his face to freeze in his
fur. "You look like your father," Spruce Woman said.

"Who is my father?" he asked.

"Great Wendigo, who lives in the far North."

"Then I will go to him and ask for my power."

"Sol willcall you Seeks-the-Wind," Spruce Woman said.

The other shed no tears for his mother. "I, too, willseek
my father," he said. "But he will give me his own power, so
that I will rule the winds."

"So I will call you Winter Heart," Spruce Woman said,
"for you love nothing."

Soon, they were both grown and Seeks-the-Wind left
to find his father. Winter Heart went with him. They
traveled far from their family lands, to places no one had
seen before. After many days, their food ran low and Seeks-
the-Wind said that they must hunt.

"Okay," Winter Heart said, sitting down by a rushing
stream, "I'll wait here."

Seeks-the-Wind went away to hunt but could find no
game. As he came back, the sun went down and opened the
flap in the sky for night to come. "Well?" Winter Heart said,
"Where's my meal?"

"] found nothing today," Seeks-the-Wind said.

"Some brother you are!" Winter Heart said and rolled
over to sleep.

Seeks-the-Wind felt bad, believing that he had let
down his brother. He did not see his brother as others did
oras the scoundrel Winter Heart was, for Seeks-the-Wind
loved him. He resolved to do better the next day.

But he found no game that day either, and he had to
come back with bark and roots.

"Yuck!" Winter Heart said. "You expect me to eat this?"

"It is all I could find," Seeks-the-Wind said.

"Oh, all right!" Winter Heart said, taking most of the
roots from his brother. "But do better tomorrow!"

That night, as Winter Heart slept, Seeks-the-Wind got up
andsat by the stream. He wondered what he had done wrong, why
he could not find food. A voice spoke to him from the water:

"You have not prayed properly! You cannot catch
what you do not ask for."

Seeks-the-Wind looked into the stream and sawasalmon
floating there, resisting the pull of the waters. "How do I pray?
I cannot speak the language of the Animal Elders!"

"Ah, then I will teach itto you. I will teach you Hanbloglaka,
the language of the spirits. To leam it, you must eat me. In this way,
you will gain the wisdom you seek. But you must promise to treat
all salmon well and help them to prosper."

ath inner /«


"It shall be done!" Seeks-the-Winds said. And the
salmon, none other than Skaia, the Elder of the Salmon-
eeks-the-Wind prepared a

fire and skinned the fish and cooked its meat.

People, leaped onto the shore.

Wineer Heart woke up sniffing, wondering at the good
smell. "What's that? I smell fish! Give me some of that!"

Seeks-the-Wind hesitated, unsure if his brother had
done all that was proper to attain the meat. But he realized
that he had a duty to his brother, that he had to feed him.
So he gave the larger share of the meat to him. It mattered
little, for even a small bite was enough. Both the Wolf
Twins gained the power of Salmon, and then they knew the
language of the spirits.

Then Seeks-the-Wind felt bad and could not move
He lay on the

‘ound as if asleep, his mind traveling far
away. He had the Ghost Sickness, the sleep that sometimes
come over shamans after their first spirit initiation. He was
unaware of what happened to his body.

Winter Heart saw this and thought an evil thought. "I
could kill my brother now and return to the village to
take up his things. No one would know that it was I who
did him in. I would then have all the renown." He cast
about for a weapon to use but found only an antler. He
dared not use his claws or teeth, in case someone found
the body later.

With this sharp antler, Winter Heart crept up on his
unmoving brother and stabbed him many times. But the
antler would not penetrate his brother's hide. No matter

how many times he struck, nothing happened. He cursed
and threw the antler far away, just as his brother woke up.

"Oh!" Winter Heart said. "You're back! I was just
protecting your body from the crows!"

"Thank you, brother," Seeks-the-Winds said. "It was the
strangest thing. I traveled many moons journey without walk-
ing. I saw animal people from distant lands. One there, a
caribou called Tunturyuaryuk, said that he would hunt me, so
that I could then huntall his children. Then he gored me over
and over with his antlers, tearing me to pieces. But then he put
me back together with his mouth, saying, ‘You may now hunt
the caribou on your journey to the North. No antler of theirs
will harm you.' And then I woke."

"So that's it," Winter Heart said. "Well, we'd better keep
moving."

Seeks-the-Wind agreed, for the sun was rising in the east.
They set off again on their journey, but Winter Heart was not
happy, for his brother now had something which he did not.

They went for many months, living off the caribou
which Seeks-the-Wind could huntbut which Winter Heart
could not catch, no matter how hard he tried.

One night, while they slept wearing the skin of wolves
in the open, they were captured by strange people and
taken to a strange village. These beings were small and
thin, with scrunched-up faces and sharp teeth. They wore
parkas made from human skin and spears made from bone.
They were the Nakani, evil spirits who abducted people.

Kallegneq 21


|

Those few people who had escaped them had gone mad
from their captivity.

The Wolf Twins were put into a pen, as if they were
nd the village prepared for a feast. "What can we
he-Wind wondered. "How can we escape?"

"T will talk to them," Winter Heart said. "Perhaps they
will listen to me."

Winter Heart then took human form and called to the
chief, who was surprised to see a human standing where
before he had put wolves. The chief came to the edge of
their cage and smiled, knowing then that he had a wolf-
changer, a very tasty meal. Winter Heart spoke to him: "If
you eat us, you will never know our secret." The chief
frowned and poked at Winter Heart with a spear, but the
wolf-changer dodged it. "I guess you don't want to know.
Well, eat us then." The chief frowned again and beckoned
his warriors. They opened the cage and called forth Winter
Heart. He shrugged and walked out. They closed the door
behind him, locking in Seeks-the-Wind.

The chief treated Winter Heart like an honored guest. He
led the wolf-changer into his lodge and there provided him
with food. Winter Heart used his guile to learn the secrets of
the Nakani power, which came from the Horned Serpent.
Everything Winter Heart heard about this Horned Serpent
made him curious rather than afraid, and he resolved to meet
this being. He demanded that the Nakani take him to the
Horned Serpent, to whom he would reveal his secret. They
were excited and agreed. Immediately, they hitched theirsleds
and took Winter Heart across the ice to meet their master.

Seeks-the-Wind, forgotten by his brother, was alone
in the village. The cage was made of unbreakable poles
shoved into the earth by giants. He could not dig deep
enough or jump*high enough to escape. It looked as if he
would starve there.

"1 only regret that I could not meet my father and see
my grandmother again," he said.

A freezing wind blew him down, knocking him into
the snow. Had he not eaten Skaia's flesh and learned the
Hanbloglaka, he would have thought it just the first breath
ofacoming storm. But now he knew the words of the spirits
and heard the voice that accompanied the wind:

"Who are you?" it said. "I recognize your smell! How do
you come to smell like Great Wendigo? Explain yourself!"

"I am his son," Seeks-the-Wind said, "I desire to find
him but cannot, for | am trapped in this evil cage."

"Trapped?" the wind said. "By wood? Ha! It is not so!"
And the wind blew like a hurricane, stronger than any wind
Seeks-the-Wind had experienced before. If he had not
been in his wolf form, he might have frozen there; as it was,
he was blown far from the cage, which splintered into many
pieces. He landed on a snow bank and looked up to see a
large boy in the air above him.

"Lam Narssuk, Storm Boy. | will take you to your
father. But first you must learn to run with the wind."

"I have heard of you, Narssuk, and I thank you."

Narssuk taught Seeks-the-Wind the trick of Sky-Run-
ning, a Gift which the Wendigo-People still know to this

22 Wendigo

I aes

day. You see, Narssuk was also known as Bad Weather. He
was the son of giants. When his parents were killed, he
sought revenge by rising into the sky to become a storm. He
is the cause of the worst weather in the North, but he can
be placated by good people.

He took Seeks-the-Wind to the highest peak in the
North and there left him, afraid himself of what would
happen if he had done wrong and brought an evil person to
Wendigo. Seeks-the-Wind saw no one and cried out,
"Father? I am here!"

A great, grinding voice came from all directions,
carried by the six winds: "You claim to be my son? Then call
the winds to yourself!"

Seeks-the-Wind thought for a moment, and then in
the speech of the spirits, he called to the winds blowing
around him to tell them that he was the son of Wendigo and
a wolf-changer. In return for their answer to his call, he
said, he would honor them and provide tobacco when he
returned home. Hearing this, that one of Grandmother's
beings still remembered respect, the winds rushed to him
and lifted him up to the very tip of the peak.

"Father!" he cried, "I have done as you asked!"

Again, the great voice came from all directions: "So, you
think you are my son? Then bring me the heart of my greatest
enemy, he who has chosen the ways of the Horned Serpent."

"How will I find him?" Seeks-the-Wind cried out.

The winds gusted and carried Seeks-the-Wind from
the cliff in a snow-storm of such fury that he could see
nothing. When it calmed and left him on the earth, he saw
a dark cave and the sleds of the Nakani. But now they fled
from him, this powerful being who walked with the storm.
Only one from the group still remained, one witl an evil
smile and fire in his eyes.

"So, brother," Winter Heart said, "you escaped the
cage and have come. Good, you can also partake of the flesh
Ihave eaten. Just as you have fed me, I shall now feed you."
He held out a flank of raw, dripping, awful-smelling meat.

"O, my brother!" Seeks-the-Wind cried out. "What
have you done? You have eaten the flesh of the Horned
Serpent. Now you share his power!"

"Yes!" Winter Heart said, "I am now more powerful
than you. People will respect me before you."

"This cannot be," Seeks-the-Wind said, "for Father
has commanded me to bring him your heart."

Winter Heart looked surprised for perhaps the first
time in his life. Seeks-the-Wind took the form of battle and
fell upon his brother to claw and bite him. But his brother
now had unholy power and also took the battle shape. His
claws were poison, his bite venom.

But Seeks-the-Wind was the older of the two, for he had
been the first to leave his mother, and was the stronger. He
killed his brother and fell to the ground, dying himself from the
poison. But he could not give up yet. He tore out his brother's
heart and saw that it had become a black, smelly thing.

The winds reached out and bore Seeks-the-Wind back to
hisfather, who received the organ of his otherson and dropped
itintohismouth. Ashe didso, the poison left Seeks-the-Wind, for

cai amar 7


a AZ

all of Winter Heart's power was cleansed by the ice within
Wendigo, and all his

"Youare indeed myson," Wendigosaid. He taught hisson
many thingsand gave him rules forall the Wendigo-People to
follow. When Seeks-the-Wind came back to his village, he
was much changed. Power walked with him, and alwaysa chill
wind was near. He had many kind words for his grandmother
and others of the village, but when they were not at ceremony
or celebrating, his aspect grim, for he had killed his own
twin, and a piece of his heart was now ice like his father's.

O-yan-do-ne was silent, and all the elders nodded, contem-
plating what was said. The old woman spoke again:

I is from Seeks-the-Wind that the Wendigo-People get
their power; there are many more tales of this great wolf-
changer and the deeds he did for his children and all of
Grandmother's beings. People often wonder: "What auspice
was he? Was hea Theurge? Did he not speak to spirits as they
do? Or was he a Philodox? Was he not our first chief? Perhaps
an Ahroun, for he was mighty." The truth is that he was all
these things, for he lived before Han-hepi-wi, the Moon, gave
the Ways and Roles to the wolf-changers. Indeed, one story
tells of how Seeks-the-Wind sought her out and asked her to
give us these Ways. Honor him and you honor your past.

evil was done with for good.

O-yan-do-ne was silent again.

Ya-o-gah spoke: "We have said enough about the Old
Times. It is time to speak of the worst times, the times from the
coming of the wasichu. Da-jo-ji will speak..."

Yow Jt Can Be Cold:
Croatan Song

The earth is part of my body, and I never gave up the earth.

— Toohulhulsote

These lands are ours. No one has a right to remove us,
because we were the first owners.

— Tecumseh to Wells, 1807

Middle Brother is gone. All know this. But few know
the tale of the Croatan's end, of their great sacrifice. Older
Brother shuns the song, keeping it in the hands of only a
few, as if it wefe a secret no one must know. In such away
does he deny his grief. Even some among the Wendigo-
People have forgotten the tale, for their sorrow worsened in
the years afterward, and it was too great a pain to carry with
them. They thought to spare the young their tears, and so
ceased telling the tale.

But this way is wrong, and it denies the honor due
Middle Brother. Many lessons did they teach by their
deaths, all unlearned by too many. Listen now to this
lesson, which we return to your people so that you may tell
it to your grandchildren's children.

This is the Song of the Croatan. The Song of Wanchese,
greatest of their warriors. Thisishisdeath song, and thatofhistribe.

Long ago, in the lifetime of your many-times-great
grandfathers, by the shores of the Great Waters, in that
place now called the Outer Banks by the wasichu, there
lived some of the Croatan tribe.

Kallegneq

/

It was the custom of the wolf-changer tribes back then
to exchange their cubs for fostering. Little Fox was of the
Wendigo-People in the North. He was sent to learn the
ways of the wolf-changers under the care of Wanchese, a
mighty Croatan warrior. So did Little Brother learn from
Middle Brother. It was the Way

Ie was in this time that wasichu came to the Croatan's
lands. Wanchese saw their ships off the coast and knew that
trouble had come with them. This was not the first he had
seen of the wasichu. His people knew them from the South,
where the Spanish came to stay and enslaved so many of the
natives he called Kin. Wanchese knew how dangerous they
were, with Mad Spider powers and Horned Serpent sick-
ness. His tribe called a moot to discuss the new visitors to
the land, as the visitors met and parleyed with the Croatan's
Kinfolk.

The holy ones had seen omens, although they were
strange and confusing: signs of great evil but also of great

good, of new friends and allies against the monsters. But
also of new monsters, worse than ever before.

It was decided that these visitors would be treated well,
in the hopes that their secrets would be revealed. Wanche:
was to goamong them, to befriend them and win their trust.

The wasichu made barter with the natives. In those
days, the Pure Ones were wise and knew well the ways of
Grandmother. The wolf-changers did not rule over them;
they made their own decisions, unless they endangered
other people. But the Pure Ones had perhaps lived too long
in Grandmother's grace. They trusted too well the promises
of friendship given them by the Wyrm-tainted men from
across the sea. In the spirit of friendship, Granganimeo, the
brother of the natives' chieftain, promised to send one of
his tribe back with the newcomers so that he might see the
lands across the sea. The chosen one's name was Manteo.

When Wanchese heard this news, he feared for his
cousin Manteo and said he, too, would go to the land across
the sea. Manteo was glad to have his cousin as traveling
companion. But Manteo, and even Granganimeo, did not
know that Wanchese was of the wolf-changers' blood.

It was with heavy heart and regret that Wanchese left,
but he wentalso with the many blessings of his tribe. He was
especially sad, however, to leave his charge, Little Fox, who

howled his goodbye from the woods as the ships left.

It was not an easy journey for a wolf-changer, so long
accustomed to running wild and free. There was nowhere
to run on the ship. The Croatan were tied to the earth.
They needed land. But Wanchese was now surrounded by
water everywhere. It was one thing to take a fishing trip in
a canoe — but for days on end? No wonder these humans
so easily came to follow the Horned Serpent's ways.

Grandmother gives us much strength, but not even
Wanchese could withstand the coming and going of the sea
for long. He took sick for days. His cousin, Manteo, learned
the wasichu words well, and taught them to Wanchese. But
they were strange words, and Wanchese had trouble under-
standing them. Finally, after many days, they arrived at the
strangers' home across the sea.

ee ee

|


a AA

They were introduced to the leaders of the wasichu
tribes, Sir Raleigh and the Queen. But Wanchese hated it.
All about was the work of Iktomi, the Mad Spider we also
call the Weaver. The Wyld was hardly to be seen. But
everywhere, hidden yet overpowering in stench, was the
Horned Serpent— the Wyrm. It maddened Wanchese and

made him feel trapped. He had to get out, to hunt down the
Wyrm and confront it

So he left his hosts and went out to see their village, to
see their people. He was even more appalled. They lived in
filth. They never bathed. And they cursed at each other,
and killed one another for coins. Wanchese had enough.
Were there no wolf-changers here to defend these people?
No heroes to protect them from the Wyrm? He swore to

track down the Enemy and fight it himself.

But the native wolf-changers did not like this. Two of
the Silver Fangs tribe attacked him in the street. Although
they dressed in fine clothing and looked like great chief-
tains of their people, they treated Wanchese badly. They
beat him with silver — a metal he had never seen before,
for he knew not the dangerous side of the Moon and the
metal she had made to tame the wolf-changers.

They warned him against entering their territory with-
out giving proper respect and left him to bleed. It was then
that one of the Bone Gnawers came forth from hiding and
aided Wanchese, binding his wounds and apologizing for
his lords' behavior. His name was William Wythers, and he
had more virtue than all his lords together.

Long they stayed into the night speaking of each other's
Ways. They spoke in the wolf tongue when they did not
understand each other's words, and so discovered that it was a
common language for them. Wanchese was pleased to find
that not all the wolf-changers of England were as bad as the
Silver Fangs he had met. But he knew there was a dark cloud
over the land. Wythers begged him to tell stories of his home
and people, and this Wanchese was very glad to do.

Wanchese and Manteo stayed the winter in England.
Manteo thrilled the English with tales of his home. Soon,
many wanted to live there. In early spring, the English sent
to the Pure Lands many ships bearing many colonists.
Wanchese seethed with inner anger. But he could do
nothing, for he was alone. His new wolf-changer friends —
who called themselves Garou — could not stop the ships,
for other powers wanted the v

But finally Wanchese came home! He pra
spirits to forgive him, for he was sorry to bring with him so

sels to go.

d to the

many enemies. Wanchese had thought and thought, butno
plan had come to him on how to stop the colonists. He
knew what he had to do, as he stood on his home soil again
for the first time in many moons. He would have to quest
in the Ghost World for the answer.

Journey for Deliverance

Wanchese met with Little Fox, grown bigger in the
seasons Wanchese had been gone. Little Fox begged to
come with him on his quest, and Wanchese accepted,
proud that the young Wendigo was so brave.


A

com el SAD

Manteo was greeted warmly by King Wingina, the
chieftain of the natives. The colonists were to be given land
on which to build their village, and the natives would trade
them corn and show them how to plant.

So, Wanchese and Little Fox gathered their things for
a long journey and bid farewell to Manteo, who was lost to
them, having become enamored of Weaver-things and
ways of the wasichu.

Not far from their home village, they met another
wolf-changer, the fabled Old Red Eagle of the Uktena tribe
— Older Brother—who had come from his home far to the
west after omens and visions told him that he was needed
here. He had seen a great evil on Roanoke Island, a mystic
evil which only Old Red Eagle could defeat.

He told Wanchese and Little Fox to continue their
journey, for it was their people's only hope. He swore to
look after their people while they were gone, and to
investigate the evil he had seen in dreams.

Wanchese and Little Fox came to the sacred river, an
auspicious place to begin a spirit journey. Staring into the pure
waters, they sought the light which hid within, the light which
shone from the Ghost World, the world of spirit. Seeing it,
they moved toward it and passed from our world.

Many days and nights they hunted throughout the
Ghost World for a dream, a vision, to guide them. A vision
to lead their people from danger and the Wyrm. They met
Uktena, a spirit of ancient wisdom from before the wolf-
changers' time, the spirit who was totem to Older Brother.

"Ah, the Croatan and Wendigo wolf-changers, broth-
ers to my children," Uktena said, inviting them over to the
stream by which he sat.

"We were wary of you at first," Wanchese said. "My
people say to stay away from Uktena. They say you are weird
and unpredictable. But I see it is not so."

"Lam glad you see truly. Because you are the younger
brothers of my children, I now grant you my wisdom, which
is never wrong. Ask me a question."

"White people have come to our tribes' lands. They
bring Iktomi's insane creations with them, and the stink of
the Horned Serpent. How can I drive them away so that
they never return?"

"Ah, the Hungry Ones. I have seen them before. They
are never satisfied. Always eating. They eat the food till it
is all gone and still they hunger. They eat the trees and shit
them out as their villages. They even eat the rocks to shit
out stronger villages. And still they want more. They are
possessed by a hungry spirit.

"The Eater-of-Souls has laid its eggs deep in their guts,
and it demands to be fed. And they listen to it. Rather than
purge the beast from their souls, they serve it. But they do
not know this, for it is insidious. It is the Horned Serpent.
You cannot heal their hurt. You cannot solve their hunger.
Only by slaying the beast will they be free. And they cannot
slay what they will not recognize."

"But how will I kill such a creature?" Wanchese cried.
"Ithas no home. It is everywhere! What claws can strike it?
What spear can gut it?"

Kallegneq

EE LEE nm

"Its own evil can be its undoing," Uktena replied.
"Unknown to you, a wasichu of power is already here. He
works with cousins of yours to summon the beast himself,
the Great Devourer. If they succeed, then all our lands and
people will be eaten. These cousins were lost to your kind
long ago in a pit in the ground. It will be blood which
summons the Devourer. Blood spilled in hate. The blood of
kin. So says my Wisdom."

"Old Red Eagle's dream!" Little Fox cried. "The evil he saw!"

Wanchese and Little Fox knew they had to return as
fastas they could. They thanked Uktena for his advice, and
he wished them well. But, as they ran through the ghost
woods, in the path before them was a turtle lying on its
back, dead. Wanchese cried out, for he knew it was a bad
omen. Turtle was the totem of his tribe. It could only mean
that someone had died.

They returned too late. They came back to find their
families dead, their Kin slaughtered by the wasichu.
Wanchese howled his rage to the night: "I will be avenged!
No more will I play the games of peace — I walk the path
of war! Beware, children of Jipijka'm, I come for you! When
you sense terrors in the woods at night, it will be me, come
to hunt you. Lock yourselves away, for any of you that
wander loose are mine!"

Wanchese was crazed with anger. All hope in his heart
for leading the wasichu away had gone. Now he wanted
only to kill them. To kill them all.

His people held a grand moot, and wolf-changers came
from all over to lend power to Wanchese's terrible rite. He
would awaken the chaos of the world, the destructive powers
of nature. He sought to summon the force of the Wyld into a
storm so fierce that the wasichu would die of fear.

It took days to raise such power, but it came. It came at
Wanchese's bidding, filled with his anger. And it began to
destroy. A terrible storm unlike any seen there before.

An Englishman named Drake had arrived with many
ships to take some colonists back to England. Because of the
horrible storms and the now-hostile natives, all the colo-
nists, including Manteo, chose to leave. Many died just
getting to the ships. Once all were aboard, they left.
Wanchese swore that he would never allow them to return.

But what of Old Red Eagle? Where had he been
during the killing? Old Red Eagle had been watching the
colonists for some time, spying on them as both a Native
and a wolf. His dreams told him the identity of his
enemy, a wasichu of power who knew strange magics.
Old Red Eagle went to him one night and smelled the
Wyrm. He knew he had to stop the wizard's magics
before the man could complete them. The dreams told
that the wizard was trying to summon the Eater-of-Souls,
just as Uktena had said.

The wizard had a gourd of Wyrm ichor — the terrible,
poisonous blood of the Horned Serpent itself. He threw this
weapon at Old Red Eagle and hurt him badly, nearly killing
him. But Old Red Eagle slew the man before he could getaway.

He looked about the odd little hut and saw many
secrets there, secrets the Uktena-People have never since

25


Seer rere sera ren caren ise er a re umerenserenrh

a SA

revealed. Secrets which were terrifying. He burned that
place and crawled away to heal for many days, such was the
hurt the wizard had put upon him. That is why he could do
nothing to stop the massacre.

But why did the wasichu attack the natives? It was
hunger. They were running out of food. They did not have
time to plant enough of their own, so they relied on the food
given them by the natives. But they had eaten too much.
The natives could not give them any more.

The leader of the wasichu said that the natives were
planning to attack them. But he made this up. He wanted
to attack them and get their food. Still, his people believed
his lies. They went to feed their hungry souls on the blood
of others.

Again, They Come

After time had passed, more ships came. Among their
passengers was William Wythers, the Bone Gnawer
Wanchese had met in England. He came to escape the
squalor of his home. Unknown to him, the tainted tribe,
the Black Spiral Dancers, had also come. The summoning
of their master had not taken place as they had expected,
thanks to Old Red Eagle, so they came to try again.

The wasichu began to rebuild their village and prepare
for theirnew lives. Since arriving, they had seen no natives.
Even Manteo wondered where his brothers were. Manteo
was soon baptized as a Christian. He was made Lord of
Roanoke under his new master, Sir Walter Raleigh. He was
now more English than native.

But there was hunger again. Their food supplies would
not last them the winter. They demanded that John White,
their leader, reeurn to England to bring more supplies. This
idea was put forward by the Black Spiral Dancers, who lived
among them. They did not need magic to make the wasichu
think that way; they just convinced them with lies. With
John White gone, their plans could go forward.

John White bid farewell to his family. He was never to
see them again. He was a good man, even though he could
not control the evil among his people. Perhaps if he had
stayed, things would have been different.

Now, the Black Spiral Dancers were in charge. Will-
iam Wythers began to suspect the evil hidden among his
people. It was too late. The evil dogs convinced the people
that starvation would come unless the colonists took the
food of the natives again. They made a plan to attack the
Indian village that night.

The Black Spiral Dancers did not realize that there was
another wolf-changer among them. They made their plans
believing no one among the English knew their secret.
Before the attack that night, William sneaked away to warn
Wanchese.

When Wanchese heard of the plan, he told William to
let the English come. He and his tribemates would be ready
for them. Wanchese and Little Fox summoned the other
Croatan Garou from the nearby tribes, and they sent their
Kinfolk in the village away to stay with a friendly tribe until
the troubles were over. Then, they waited for the attack.

2

- a

The English came and shot down the natives. Once
they had fallen, the wasichu cheered. But their cheers
became cries of terror as the fallen rose again, this time in
the battle shape of wolf-changers, their wounds already
gone. This time, it was the wasichu who were massacred.
Two Black Spiral Dancers fell screaming, but the third of
their number escaped, using trickery to cover his tracks.

Wanchese knew that, until he was found, their troubles
would not be over. He began the hunt, but the trail was full
of falsehoods. Finally, Wanchese found the enemy at the
wizard's burned hut. The Black Spiral Dancer had begun an
evil rite. He had taken Manteo captive and used him as a
shield against Wanchese.

Manteo saw Wanchese and knew then that his cousin
was a wolf-changer. He begged Wanchese to free him from
the evil being. Wanchese frowned in anger, because he
hated Manteo for becoming like the wasichu. Wanchese
knew the rite had to be stopped, so he drew his bow. Crying
"Traitor!" to Manteo, he released his arrow, which went
through Manteo and struck the Black Spiral Dancer be-
hind him.

Manteo fell, a look of confusion on his face. Why had
his own cousin killed him? Corn stalks, twisted, horrible
‘ones, grew forth from the ground around the dead bodies of
Manteo and the Black Spiral Dancer.

Old Red Eagle arrived and realized what had hap-
pened. "You have spilled the blood of your kin, Wanchese.
Now we will all pay the price."

"What do you speak of? Manteo was in the way! He
chose to become one of them!"

"One of what? A human being? One who befriended
strangers? He was your Kin, and you were warned against
this act."

"My... anger. It consumed me."

"And now it will consume us all. The Eater-of-Souls is
coming."

It had begun. No one could stop Jipijka'm now. It was
hungry for the new lands, the Pure Lands. Old Red Eagle
told the others to return to their village to plan a way of
fighting this monster. He put a ward behind them to keep
the hungry one from growing, but he knew it would do no
good.

The Eater-of-Soul's body was growing, feeding off the
ground. It tried to grow corn in hopes of attracting hungry
natives, but nobody was stupid enough to fall for that. The
creature's mockery of nature was disgusting to behold.
Some warriors tried to fight it, but it ate them. After that,
Old Red Eagle told them all not to go near it until they
could figure out a plan.

Wanchese was lost to himself, consumed with guilt
over what he had done. No one knew how to bring him out
of his dark depression, which William had called Harano.
He said that many Garou where he came from got like this
at times, no longer able to fight Grandmother's battles.

But it was not Harano that gripped Wanchese. He was
thinking, thinking hard on how to stop the evil set free by
his anger. And Uktena came to him once more.

Wendigo

cara emia Lf

|


aA

"It is hungry, Wanchese, and will not go away until it
has been fed. But what can feed such a thing? It is hunger
itself. The Eater-of-Souls."

"I will feed myself to it, so that it will be full!"

"Do you think your soul is big enough to feed the
hunger of all evil? How arrogant! No, Wanchese, all of you
together must satiate the beast... All of you..."

"All of us... the entire tribe! We must all feed the
beast!"

Wanchese gathered his tribe together and told them of
his vision and his realization: The entire tribe had to
sacrifice itself in a grand rite to drive the beast from the
world. Only in such a sacrifice
satiated. Only willing souls cot
Such a glorious sacrifice wi
forever! Tribe membg
many came by Mg
and Wendigo
allowed to
brothersng

Uktena's wor

The gathering of the tribe bro
gether who had long been
made. Legendary heroe:
Favored-of-the-Moon,
Together, they believes
against them.
The growing Hor
a very little while. Thig
around. Pieces broke
bad that everyone kne¥
taken. The rite had to b

They gathered in ¢
Wanchese's vision. But W
be a part of their fight.
and he could not stand the th

"Little Fox, I want you to go}
performing an important part of t
need you to guard him and make sure
"But I want to be here and fight witl
pleaded.

"No. You must guard Old Red Eagle. Now go."

Perhaps it was the blindness of youth and his love for
Wanchese, but Little Fox did not realize that he was being
sent away from the battle for good. He did not know he
would never see Wanchese again. Youth always believes in
another day.

And so began the final battle of the Croatan. They
knew they would die. But they believed their souls would
live on in the Ghost World with their ancestors. This was
the Way of things. Why believe otherwise?

Mighty were the Croatan's powers, given to them by
the Earthbearer. Hard as stone were their skins, and their
howls could cause the earth to shake, opening chasms for
their enemies to tumble into.

But they were not mighty enough. What can stand
before the Eater-of-Souls itself and survive? Yet, strangely,
as Wanchese, the last of the Croatan, went down and his
soul was devoured, the creature was sated for perhaps the
first time since its beginnings. It crawled into the darkest
corner of its own world, the Abyss of nothingness, and
slept, never to enter this world directly again.

Many years later, John White was finally able to
return. He found no one and no sign of his family. Nothing
except for a carving on a tree: "Croatan." The area was
wracked by powerful storms, fiercer than any white had

en before, and he was forced to leave.
ese had succeeded. The creature was driven
Or so it seemed, at first.
aished his rite, protecting the
@ that the evil could not

Bhe rite is completed.

Fox cried, run-

e Croatan had

"Wanchese had to folf6w his vision...
Little Fox, baring his fangs, turne:

"This is your fault! You kK

I could have saved him!

"That is not true.

"Traitor! Older Bro

Brother listen to him!",

alone, bent and leanj

Brother, for Little
felt his anger and

tle Brother also, for they

troyed, but that a piece of

é Fox, eating at his heart and

is is the reason, they say, that the

ger for revenge, and they whisper that even
"s totem has taken some of the taint, and
the hearts of his enemies but the hearts of good

eople, too.

Da-jo-ji frowned at the old man but said nothing in reply.
After a moment, Da-jo-ji commenced speaking:

Chey Come
in Many Numbers

The Great Spirit gave this great island to his red children. He
placed the wasichu on the other side of the big water. They were not
contented with their own, but came to take ours from us. They have
driven us from the sea to the lakes — we can go no farther.

— Tecumseh

Kallegneq 27

|


|

a aA

The wasichu came again, more and more of them, and
they brought disease, war and greed with them. They
brought the Wyrm-taint within them, although the Horned
Serpent himself could not walk these lands again for many,
many years, so great was the Croatan sacrifice. The Eater-
of-Souls still slumbers, spreading its evil only in dreams —
but potent dreams for anyone too weak to resist them.

With many lies, the wasichu took everything from our
Kin. They swore oaths and then freely broke them. Their
word was no good, not just for our Kin but for all peoples —
the animal people, the plant people, everyone.

Too many to count were the wars we waged against
these invaders and the Horned Serpent People who came
with them. Too many were those we lost, from our own
people and from our Kin.

The wasichu have invented a number to count the
people of our Kin who lived here before they came. It is
wrong, and even they know it. They cannot accept the
horror of what they did, the many they killed, not just with
bullets but with disease.

All the attempts to stand against these wasichu were

euseless. Great bravery did our Kin show, but it came to solittle.

Shogecka Hunter Moon became a great ogimauh, a
War Chief, after Tecumseh fell fighting. For many years,
she fought against the wasichu and the Horned Serpent
Beings that hid among them. Never did she put down her
hatchet and bow, never did she accept peace from them.
She died a warrior's death, and we honor her memory still.

Her rage is renowned among us. Why did it burn so
hot? I will tell you. It was because of the murdered women
and children, Killed by hunger, or frozen to death, or shot
as they ran. It was because the wasichu cut off our
Kinswomen's breasts and played catch with them. It was
because of all these wrongs and more that she raged.

The wasichu's crimes were numberless, but even worse
were the deeds of the Horned Serpent Beings. They hunted
down spirits and killed many Animal Elders, whose people
in this world then slowly died, never to be born again. They
murdered the trees and wounded the land itself, tearing
vast gouges out of the soil on Turtle's back. And when they
could dig no more soil, they dug into his shell itself to steal
the metals he hid there.

They planted the lust for these things into the wasichu,
who then broke all their promises and stole more land so
they could rape the earth for these treasures.

And still they do these things. When will they stop?
Only when we kill them all. Only after every one of them
is dead will the earth again be safe. They must die for what
they have done!"

"No!" Ne-o-ga said. "You have introduced rage into the
song we sing! You have made bitterness part of the world."

"T tell only what is already there!" Da-jo-ji cried, rising to
his feet. "I speak of what was done. And still I do not tell all the
crimes! If I were to speak truly what is in my heart, and in the
hearts of the many who are now ghosts begging for revenge, then
T would not even have begun to chant the evil that has been done

to us! Tell me not to silence our pain! It must be known!"

"I donot deny the sorrow," Ne-o-gasaid, likewise rising, with
tears in her eyes. "But I beg that we may put aside vengeance and
seek peace. | beg that we forgive the wrongs done us without
forgetting them. We must tell them! Only in this way will others
understand and themselves put aside the ways of war."

Da-jo-ji looked to the fair maiden, and his anger left him.
Her tears fell like rain and a pool grew beneath her, sliding across
the wooden floor and into the fire, creating steam which rose up
to the hole in the ceiling and reached the sky. Outside, the sound
of rain could be heard, hitting the roof and trees.

Taken-From-Fire watched in wonder at the magics of his
hosts.

"Still your gentle rain, Ne-o-ga," Da-jo-ji said, sitting
down. "I will speak no more of rage. But I will tell the rest of the
tale as it must be told..."

The Six Worlds

Become One

We make a road for spirits,

For the spirits to pass over.

Among us are three hunters

Who chase a bear;

There was never a time

When they were not hunting.

We look down on the mountains.

This is the Song of the Stars.

— Micmac song translated by Charles Leland,
Algonquian Legends of New England ‘

We were pressed hard on many sides. While we lived
in this world, we hadallies in many other worlds: the World
Beneath the Earth, the World Beneath the Water, the
World Above the Earth, the World Above the Sky and the
Ghost World. Many terrible things were happening there.

The wasichu brought Weaver powers with them. As
they came, so came the spiders who remade much that
Grandmother had made. We could not understand this, for
Iktomi, the Spider, was once a holy being who made the
good things in the world. But now, she made too much and
would not allow things to be as they should be.

Kwakwadjec the Wolverine had success against her,
for he is always unpredictable, but even he could not stop
her. Neither could Raven or Hare. Whiskey Jack found
some of her weaknesses for us, but even he could not trick
her into behaving.

Iktomi had fallen under the power of the Horned
Serpent and was controlled by it. Iktomi wove a blanket to
cover this world, to keep people from going to the other
worlds. No matter how many holes that Kwakwadjec burned
into the blanket or that Raven pecked, it always sealed up
again. The other wolf-changers call it the Gauntlet.

We soon found that our allies in these other worlds
could not come to our aid. What's more, they cried for our
help, for the Horned Serpent knew how to lift the blanket
and walk where he willed.

28 Wendigo

pena

aaa ean

|


wa"

Wetraveled farin these other worlds tohelp ourallies, but
italways took us too far from our own world, the Earth World.

Soon, these other worlds died and joined the Ghost
World — they became places of spirit only, where nobody
real lived anymore. It was hard to get there, and the Ghost
World's people were confused, their lands now scattered far
from each other and lost. Only the Moon knows how to find
them all now, for she still shines there where the Sun can
no longer go, for he is not yet dead. The Moon, though, has
always walked the paths of the living and the dead.

Our Selfish Brothers
and Sisters

It was not only the wasichu who brought trouble to the
Wendigo-People. Wolf-changers from other tribes came
also, following their Kin among the wasichu.

They took land wherever
tights of those who lived ther
desperate were they for caerns and
cared not the cost of gaining them.
spilled or hate earned.
The wolf-changers hurt our he:
monster that hagkplagued us before.
ers and sisters
Grandmother'
then how coul
also? To beco

While the was
marched against us.

more who ignot
what they could not ha
Horned Serpent Beit

ey willed, ignoring the

there were

J took by claw
fought the
forlds, our

But he could not stop the was
And then a Way was revealed to us, one which might
bring back all we had lost...

Wana'ghi Wa'chipi:
The Ghost Dance

The sacred pipe tells me = E'yaheleyel

The sacred pipe tells me — E'yahe'eye!

Our father — Yahe'eye!

Our father — Yahe'eye!

We shall surely be put again (with our friends) —
E'yahe' eye!

We shall surely be put again (with our friends) —
E'yahe' eye!

Our father — E'yahe'eye!

Our father — E'yahe'eye!

—"Se'icha Hei'ta'wuni'na" (Arapaho Ghost Dance Song)

Da-jo-ji was silent. His turn to speak was done. Now all the
elders looked to Ne-o-ga, who smiled and began to speak

There came among our Kin a prophet, one who was
given a vision by Grandmother. He was Wovoka and spoke
ofanew way, a ceremony of peace and balance which would
restore all that was lost to us and cleanse the evil from
wasichu hearts. He had a dance which, if practiced by
enough people, would heal the world.

His ceremony, called Nanigiikwa, spread to many.
When the Horned Serpent People heard of it, they became
afraid. They knew it had power and could break them. So,
they whispered lies to the wasichu, who grew afraid them-
selves. They thought the dance was unholy and was a
means to get revenge for all they had done to the natives.
Indeed, among those who had suffered cruelly,
Wovoka's Cae became a rally of vengeance, a way to

e Wendigo-People heardi
it themselves. They realized thi
humans, but a dance that all 1
spirits, the animal people — e

It was not just a c
to treasure and honor
the Wendigo-People,
was lost, to build, wit!

a caern in the pare q

Ghost World,

that their ways

digo-People gave their greatest

that no matter how

many wo Eoes were killed and no matter how many
generations passed before new ones were born, their ways
would not be forgotten. The spirits would cherish them and
keep them safe. When the wolf-changers of the Earth World
forgot their ways, the spirits would return, orsummon the wolf-
changers to them, and teach them their Ways anew.
In this manner, the Wendigo-People remain mightiest

of all wolf-changer tribes, for they have not forgotten
Grandmother's first lessons to them, and they still remem-

ber the Dawn, and what was and shall be again.

We will now speak of these Ways, so that you, Taken-
From-Fire, can return them to your people.

Kallegneq 29

fe eee </

|



Ps,

3 AY

( Fire of Ho

End) ,

It was the wind that gave them life. Itis the wind that comes

‘ out of our mouths now that gives us life. When this ceases to blow
we die. In the skin of our fingers we can see the trail of the wind;
it shows us where the wind blew when our ancestors were

created

— Washington Matthews, Navajo Legends

The Ways

Ne
The Wendigo live in asacred manner inall things they

)-ga continued speaking

do. They are blessed by Grandmother with much Power,
and they must respect this gift, for they have a purpose, to
protect Grandmother's ways.

Everything has meaning, every actand every being. To
take something and use it is to take what belongs to
another, whether it be a stone in the river or the body of
another being. To take without giving thanks is wrong. To
doso many times is to become like the wasichu, ignorantof the
beings around them. They think they are alone, but they have
made themselves that way. Now, all beings fear them.

Peta-owihankeshni

TD a

The Wendigo know much of fear, for they cause it in
the hearts of their enemies and those who do wrong, those
who refuse to walk in a sacred manner.

How does one know the sacred? It is hard to learn it
in the Earth World now. Iktomi has hidden so much
meaning, and now so many of the sacred beings who
taught the Ways live only in the Ghost World. The
spirits must come from the Ghost World to visit and
teach. But it tak
the deserving are so vi

s much power to do so, and thus, only

ited. It is the duty of every

Wendigo cub to seek such beings and beg them to come.

This we call the Vision Quest.


beer rere ee cere ere ee arr arenes

ne SA

Hanblecheyapi
(Crying for a Vision)

They are sending a voice to me.

From the place where the sun goes down.

— Black Elk, "The Sacred Pipe"

Soon after a cub's Firsting, she must begin a fast for eight
to ten days, blackening her face so that the spirits can see her
and know thatshe calls them. She must retreat toaplace in the
wilderness and stay in that place until a spirit comes and gives
her a vision of her purpose, her mission for Grandmother.

Some cubs enter the Ghost World and seek visions
there, but this way is very bad, for the Horned Serpent can
walk there and take the cub. If the rite is performed in the
Earth World, then the Horned Serpent must use power to
come to her, to answer her call.

A visitation by such a spirit is a bad omen, for other
spirits will stay away from one so chosen. The Horned
Serpent spirit cannot take the cub, and instead must
request that she come to it. Sometimes, ifa spirit takes pity
upon her, it will intervene and go to the meeting instead,
killing the bad spirit and freeing the cub from its influence.

If the answering spirit is good, it will show the cub a
vision of her purpose, usually in the form of a dream. Thus,
the cub will know her ordinnonk, the secret wish of her soul.
This dream must then be fulfilled or else the cub will
eventually lose her power. It may take years to follow such
a dream, but tg ignore it is to invite evil upon the world.
Grandmother means for each of us to doa task; ifit isnot done,
then Her intent cannot be complete, and all will suffer.

A Sacred Manner

A voice I will send with my dance. Hear me!

The land, hear me!

A voice I am sending from all over.

Hear me and I will live!

— Young warriors' fourth-day chant at Sun Dance

There are many rituals which inform us of
Grandmother's intent and the intentions of the spirits. In
this way, we may do what is right and honor our allies, so
that they may come to our aid when we need them most.

Inipi (Sweat Lodge)

It is hard to live in this world now, for the Horned
Serpent has corrupted it. We can become tainted by fight-
ing the Horned Serpent, even by walking near it. Thus, we
must often purify ourselves.

To do so, we have many methods. The most common
is one our human Kin use, the sweat lodge. This is a tipi,
tent or lodge in which we place heated rocks and pour water
upon them, creating steam which reaches within us and
draws forth impurities. With the aid of sage and cedar,
powerful cleansing spirits, all the taint within us is re-

3;

; / aaa a

Wendigo

moved. The rocks are heated outside by the Peta-
owihankeshni, the Fire of No End.

While we sit in the lodge, we pray and ask the manitous
for guidance. If our need is great, they will come, telling us
what we must do or how to act. If the place where the lodge
is held is powerful, such as a caern, they may even appear
before us and show us how to perform new rites.

The Snow Walk

Another means of purifying ourselves is through the
Snow Walk. This is for the Wendigo-People only, for it
would kill our human Kin. When a Wendigo leaves for a
Snow Walk, he goes forth across the barren ice of the
North, with no food or wood. He must live only with his
own power for a number of days.

We must take the wolf form for this rite, because it is the
best for survival. If the wolf-changer is lucky, Great Wendigo
ora Wind-spirit will send a storm. The hail of snow or ice will
purify the wolf-changer, although it is hard to withstand. It
may sap one's power greatly, but if done in a sacred manner, it
cleanses and empowers the wolf-changer even more.

Indeed, so powerful is it that many undergo the rite
before making a dangerous raid against the Wyrm.

Wiwanyag Wa'chipi (Sun Dance)

The bear said, "I want you to cut off one of my ears, and hang
it ina thong at your side. This is the way you should be in the Sun
Dance." The dream ended there. Later, I found adead bear, cut off
the ear, and wear it now in the Sun Dance. No bullet can kill me.
This is true. I never tell lies. That's the way I like to be.

— Tudy Roberts, Shoshone medicine man

Many of us follow the ways of our human Kin and
perform the Sun Dance, a powerful request for guidance by
Grandmother and Her spirits. The Sun Dance is a sacrifice
that shows, through our pain and endurance, we have the
patience and will todo what is right. The manitous respond
only to those who have proved that they can outlast petty
fears and weakening desires. If a Sun Dancer can perform
the entire ceremony, she will be rewarded by the attention
of the manitous, even if they do not immediately respond
to the supplicant's prayers.

It is considered weak to perform a Sun Dance in any
but one's breed form. To do otherwise is to use one's power.
There is no sacrifice in this.

Moon Dance

The Moon gave the Wendigo-People a dance of their
own, a means by which they could glean the secrets of the
coming times and know the movements of their enemies.

The Moon Dance always begins on the night of the
crescent moon, for it is a Theurge's dance, although any
auspice may participate. The wolf-changers involved must
enter the Ghost World and journey down the Moon Paths
as they chant sacred songs and pray for the Moon's aid. If
they walk the right path, the Moon responds by sending a

aaa

L


spirit to show them the future. Most often, these spirits are
the Moon Feathers, the Lunes, who reveal what is to come
in confusing glimpses or words.

Those who seek truly profound visions take silver
knives with them and cut themselves as they chant, show-
ing their bravery and need to the Moon. These ones are
usually gifted with great dreams which, like all dreams,
must be brought to reality in the Earth World.

Honoring Our Relations

When walking the Earth World, we give thanks to all
its beings. The meat we eat is the body of another. The air
we breathe is the breath of another, a spirit being. The
ground we walk on rests upon Turtle, who bears our weight
willingly and with honor.

We reward these beings and show our respect to them in
many ways. Do not eat meat without leaving some for the spirits.
Takeastripand bury itnearby, so that they may feast also. Toshow
even more respect, give them the fat, the best part.

Even better, offer tobacco to the spirits, for it is the
holiest of plants, given to us so that we may send our prayers
to them in its smoke. Leave small pinches where you walk,
where the spirits have shown you favor or where you wish

them to walk. The evil spirits of the Horned Serpent
cannot stand tobacco; while it will not drive them away, it
will make them uncomfortable.

Wherever you go and in whatever act you engage, ask
for help and offer it in return. In such a way, the spirits will
reward y6u and your people.

Our Power is Rage

angry ones rise
feeding the beast

all aggression is justified

and the beast grows

—John Trudell, Stickman

Ne-o-ga smiled and sat down, while Da-jo-ji, a darker
smile on his face, looked at Taken-From-Fire.

"Within you is great power," he said. "You are a wolf-
changer, and your anger alone can destroy enemies. Other tribes
fear this power and try to rid themselves of it. Yes —it can hurt
us, too! But it gives us strength where before was defeat. It gives
us the will to fight our enemies even when all else is lost. Without
it, we would have died of our sorrow long ago. It moves us onward,
our Rage which is power, and directs us against our enemies."

"And our friends, at times," Ya-o-gah said, looking into
Taken-From-Fires' eyes. "This power, this great anger, blinds
us. When we are under its control, we cannot tell right from
wrong, and even instinct fails us. All we heed is destruction.
When directed against true foes, it is a good power indeed. But
when aimed at our loved ones, it is a curse."

Da-jo-ji scowled. "Yes, yes, this is true. But why dwell on such
things? Exale this gift you have! Withoutit, you could not change shapes,

and you would forever walk as a human. Is that what you want?"

=


Seer rere ee re recA arr a re rrwremmere eh

a Ae

Taken-From-Fire was about to answer when O-yan-do-
ne interrupted. "Do not answer Da-jo-ji. He was alway
rageful one, and thus greatly respects what he has in abundance.
Long has he screamed his anger to the skies, and he calls a harsh

a

wind to him. A strong power this Rage is, but one with which we

must be wary. Warriors cherish it, but people of peace are
careful never to waken it. Remember this."

Leadership

Somewhere a good man must rise from the young ones
among us... it will not be enough for him to speak words of
wisdom if he cannot give the people ears to hear and hearts to
make them strong against the power of the white man's favor.

Crazy Horse's father to young Crazy Horse

O-yan-do-ne continued to speak

We do not believe, as the other wolf-changer tribes do,
that a being is born to lead; that honor must be earned. To
become a chief is a great honor and responsibility; others
will not follow someone who cannot lead well. This is the
problem with the people of the other tribes: They believe
they must follow a leader no matter what happens and no
matter how badly he leads.

It is not so with us. A chief leads because he attracts
followers, not because he is chief. We have two forms of
leadership: the Peace Chief and the War Chief.

Peace Chief

In times when we are not under direct attack from our
enemies, we follow a Peace Chief, one who is wise in the
ways of living and can guide us to best follow Grandmother's
Ways. Most often, we follow the Philodox in these times,
for they know best how our ancestors lived.

Peace Chiefs rule only through wisdom and reputa-
tion. Even when they advise things others do not want,
they are followed because they have proved in the past that
their wisdom is true in the end. They see further than most,
and can halt hasty action or anger with calm words.

It is rare, however, that we follow a Peace Chief for

long, for our people are always in danger. When a caern is
threatened, the people follow a War Chief who can best

counsel violence.

War Chief

A War Chief has proved herself a warrior, one who
does not act stupidly or because she desires glory. People
would not long follow such a person, for a fool puts others
in danger needlessly. A good War Chief risks danger and
the lives of her warriors only when the need is great, such
as when the Horned Serpent moves upon the land.

It is often the case that a sept is led by a Peace Chief, but
that many willingly pledge themselves to a favored War
Chief's quest or mission. This way, only the willing, ones who
are ready for war, risk themselves in action against the enemy.

34


aA",

As we have learned in the past, we must not all go
to fight the Horned Serpent as one, for if all die, then
there is no one to defend the young or the caerns. Too
many times have entire septs been wiped out on foolish
war hunts which leave the sacred sites prey to Wyrm-
taint.

War Chiefs must always be aware of such risks and choose
their war parties wisely. Cubs not yet ready for the task must
not be allowed to fight; they must stay behind to defend the
caern. Their time will come someday; patience for now.

Those of High Renown

When no hunt or war is at hand, and all is well, many
Wendigo still hunger to gain glory and to kill their enemies.
When the wait becomes too great, a Wendigo often de-
clares a quest or journey for some great deed and invites
others to come with him — those who are brave enough.

These deeds may not always be for war: Some could be
to search for a treasured fetish or to gain a secret from a
spirit. Whatever the object of the quest, it is usually led by
the one who called it, who declared his intent before
others. However, those of higher renown do not always
volunteer to follow one of lesser renown; only if the quest
seems worthwhile does this happen. More often, those of
high renown gather the lesser-hailed Wendigo and lead
them on journeys or ceremonies.

Such missions, while often declared in haste or amid rage, do
not always depart immediately. The wiser ones spend days or even
weeks in preparation, using the time to gather food, to build canoes
of weapons, and to pray to the manitous for guidance.

Lodge of the Manitou

Magic visions! Come, we urge you, come into us!

Bring with you happiness!

Come, to us, great visions!

— Chant from Pawnee Hako ceremony

When great matters involve the manitous, then it is
the duty of a select group of shamans to guide us in such
affairs. The Lodge of the Manitous meets under the cres-
cent moon to divine the path we must take. This group is
also called the Lodge of Mysteries, because its Theurges
know many things which are kept secret from most people.

Perhaps someone among us has been selfish or mean;
then the spirits may withdraw their aid, calling back their
children so we may not hunt them. In some areas today, this
matters little, for we can buy food from wasichu stores all
year. But those who live the right life, who often eat what
is gifted to them from the land and the Animal Elders, know
that to anger the spirits is to gain bad luck and lose the
spirits' support in trying times.

The Lodge determines how best to regain the good
will of the spirits, by discovering why they are angry and
what must be done to appease them. The Lodge usually
demands that the transgressor travel to the spirit's home

in the Ghost World to ask forgiveness and to give an
offering. He who refuses such a task loses Renown, for he
brings bad luck to all his people until his wrong has been
righted.

Burtit is not just matters of appeasement that the Lodge
engages in; they also foresee the future in the Jeesekum, the
Shaking Tent ceremony. Ina tent erected for the purpose
of the rite, they call upon their spirit advisors and ask
questions of them:

While the spirits conferamong themselves, theirsounds
shake the whole tent, so that those outside become fearful
that it may collapse. Once their answers are given, the tent
calms and the Theurges emerge to tell us what will be.

Camps

Just as our human Kin have many societies in their
tribes — warrior societies, police societies and more — so
do the Wendigo-People have many camps. While these
groups create many differences of opinion, we are united in
our lineage, for we all come from Grandmother Earth.

The Warpath

On the warpath I give place to none;

with great unyielding courage I give my life

— Lodgemaker's first-day chant at Sun Dance

Perhaps the strongest camp among our people, the
Warpath seeks only revenge. They say otherwise, but their
hearts are turned to vengeance, to tepay their sufferings
with violence. Thank the spirits that they turn their rage
against the Horned Serpent, for when they do turn it
against their own, the Wendigo-People suffer greatly, and
many die.

Other wolf-changer tribes often insult the Warpath
soldiers, and fights break out which can last for generations.
Once war paint has been applied and an oath made, never
can a Warpath wolf-changer leave the trail of violence
until his oath has been completed.

Without them, however, our people would be worse
off, for the Horned Serpent monsters become many in
number, and they are hard to fight. But the Warpath
soldiers are fierce, and even the Wyrm Beings quake to hear
their war howls.

Indeed, when One Who Follows the Wyrm realizes
that the Warpath is on the hunt for him, he almost always
runs in fear, rather than fighting. In such a way are lost
caerns rescued and our Kin protected.

Da-jo-ji Speaks for the Warpath

Yes, we are mighty, and the Horned Serpent People flee
at our howls. None can stand before a band of Warpath
soldiers — nothing can stop them from their task. Even death
is but a delay. Those who counsel peace before us are
cowards! Those who do not join us on the hunt will be known
as weaklings!

Peta-owihankeshni 35

——————E——————E—————EE,


Senate ner me nee SER, RM its nee See senna

WA fh

The Ghost Dance

O-yan-do-ne continued, a smile now on her face:

Perhaps the wisest among us are those who follow the
Ghost Dance, the rite which rescued our people from
despair and returned our ways to us. When we first danced
the Ghost Dance, spirits long gone returned to give us their
lore, to tell us tales of ancestors long forgotten. They gave
us these old ways and ceremonies and told us how to keep
them alive.

And many of us follow them still. The Ghost Dancers
believe that, should their traditions cease to be, should the
young not claim them for their own, then the Earth World
will truly die, and the Wendigo-People with it.

Many of the young believe that the Ghost Dancers are
too strict, that they require everything to be done as it once
was — even living in wilderness villages the way our people
used to. But not all Ghost Dancers are that way — each
beh: ys the spirits revealed to her.
For a sept in Alaska, these ways are different than for one
in Quebec. But all septs are sure of one thing: These Ways
must be followed, no matter what.

la-o-gah Speaks
ye the Ghost Dance

The Ghost Dance was our salvation. So many of the young
were raised by wasichu in gray schools; they knew nothing of our
ways. So few elders remained to teach them. But the Ghost
Dance rites called spirit teachers from long ago to renew the
wisdom, to bring it into the world again. We must always follow
the Ways, and never let them be lost again.

The Sacred Hoop

O-yan-do-ne continued speaking:

There is another camp among us, one which speaks of
beauty and youth, and brotherhood among all peoples. The
members of the Sacred Hoop believe that the humans of
many colors came over the Great Waters fora purpose, that
they may be lost in spirit but Grandmother called them
nonetheless. They are meant to live together, to become
one people, regardless of their many ways.

according to the

More than any others of our tribe, the Sacred Hoop
preachers walk among fellow wolf-changer tribes — espe-
cially with Older Brother Uktena — and aid us to work
together against our enemies.

Their work is good and their hearts are wide. But many
think that they are fools. The evidence of our own history
shows us that the wasichu and others will not join us. Yet
still the Sacred Hoop strives to bring us together.

Ne-o-ga Speaks for the Sacred Hoop

Grandmother is great and mysterious; She did not reveal all
Her ways to us, and still She hides mysteries. One of these is the
nature of Her human children, so alike yet so different. Al-
though the Homed Serpent has told humans to fear one another,

3

: lia

Wendigo

ET cE.

their own hearts tell them different. We must aid their hearts to
speak for them — not only for the humans but for all people.

Gluskap's Lodge and Myeengun'sLodge

O-yan-do-ne again resumed speaking:

There are two more camps which deserve mention.
They are curious ones, but also ones said to teach powerful
new Ways. The first is Gluskap's Lodge, a gathering of
Wendigo-People who teach the ways of the humans so we
can know better our human Kin and the wasichu. The
other is Myeengun's Lodge, a gathering of Wendigo-People
who seek to understand the ways of the wolves. Myeengun
was once a human child, but he wandered off while playing
and got lost. He was raised by wolves and became a wolf. He
teaches humans how to become wolves.

Both of these lodges are open to any breed — even the
half-breed metis can join. Each lodge is led by members of
the breed it seeks to know better, ones who can teach their
breed ways to others. Thus, humans teach wolves who
come to learn human ways, while wolves teach humans
who seek to know wolf ways.

The Manitous

They say that all animals, of every species, have an elder
brother whois, asit were, the source and origin of all individuals,
and this elder brother is wonderfully great and powerful... If
anyone, when asleep, sees the elder or progenitor of some
animals, he will have a fortunate chase; if he sees the elder of the
Beavers, he will take Beavers; if he sees the elder of the Elks, he
will take Elks, possessing the juniors through the favor of their
senior whom he has seen in the dream.

—Father Paul Le Jeune, The Jesuit Relations and Allied
Documents

Ya-o-gah now spoke:

It is time to speak of the manitous, the beings who
sustain us and who returned our Ways to us when our elders
were dying and the young were lost. They give us power and
bear our prayers to Grandmother.

Many are the spirits we know, from the Animal Elders
who allow us to hunt their children to the Moon Feathers,
who serve the Moon and are found only in the Ghost
World, that which others of our kind call the Umbra.

The Wendigo-Peopleare favored above all other people
by the Wind-spirits. Even I donot know all the names of all
the winds, for they are many. Six principle winds we know,
but numberless as the stars are those who serve these
directions.

1 will speak of those spirits who are the greatest allies
of our tribe:

Skaia, Salmon

Salmon is a wise spirit. He sends his children from his
lodge in the Ghost World, where they enter the waters of
our world and move up the stream, fighting the current,


a SA",

leaping over it and past their adversity. So, too, does he
teach us to leap over obstacles, to slip past them, and when
to use wisdom over strength.

The Gift he gives us is Salmon Swim. His children are
persevering; if they do not succeed at once, they will always
try again.

Kiunik, Otter

It is said that the secrets of shamanism are contained
on the tip of Otter's tongue. He is a being who knows how
to navigate between worlds, from the Earth World to the
World Beneath the Water. He is at peace in this world and
the Ghost World. ason, he is favored of Theurges

p the spirit lands.

the final black.
Horned Serpent
pain as silver doggit

4

). Then there is Tomanik, the Wind
s the winds to blow; the six directions
then take ds and tame them. When these two are
together, the} @fren summon O'ha'a, the Ice-Clad, who
brings with him‘ice storms of terrible strength: Few can
withstand them, but those who do are purified; if they are
evil, they will die, freezing painfully — all their joints will
cry out in terror as they cease moving.

Those who are frozen in such a way have little hope to
survive until a thaw, for Great Wendigo himself will sniff
them out and come eat their hearts.

Great Wendigo

Most powerful and rageful of all spirits is Great
Wendico, be: whio,is.thelVengeance ofthe, Windsalforce
nothing can stop. Once Wendigo walks the land, all must
hide or risk being eaten — good and bad alike.

if e dren well. First, there is Negakfok,
2 lowers the temperature in winter (and

Peta-owihankeshni

a ial anne

He is called for only in the direst of times, when all
other efforts have failed, for his power can kill his children
as well as his enemies. Once summoned, he will rage for a
time and then melt back to his lodge in the Ghost World.
He will not answer any summons then for many moons.

He is the master of all the wind spirits. They all receive
their power from him, even if they are of different tempera-
ments. Likewise, he gave the Wendigo-People their Ways,
from which their power derives. Even their rage resembles
his, cold and icy rather than hot like others'.

Whiskey Jack

If Wendigo was all we had, we would be a bitter lot
indeed. While we honor his power and the gifts he has
given us, we know that he is as he is because of his rage. We
would not become as him. Luckily, he has allies who know
how to laugh, even if they are silly.

One such is Whiskey Jack, the Jaybird. His many tricks
have brought much ease to the People, such as the time he
tricked Snowman into making milder winters, so that we

hunt longer.
Boihave been chosen byl hiskey

ingtaken seriously, but they rarely

Ya-o-g toast rough speaking. It was Ne-o-ga's turn
again.

Wolf-changers are kin to all beings, not just the
humans and wolves. However, these two peoples are
especially close to them, for they serve as mothers and
fathers.

The other tribes place great emphasis on the differ-
ences between these beings, but we see little in this.
During the Dawn, all beings changed skins with one
another — it was hard to tell who you were talking to,
and you had to be careful of your words. If you acciden-
tally said something bad about Skunk to Badger, you
might find that Badger was really Skunk wearing Badger's
skin! And then you'd have to bathe for many days to
overcome his response!

It is true that humans do not always understand
their wolf Kin, and wolves rarely understand humans.

37


WA ft

For this reason, the Wendigo-People created two lodges
so that each could learn from the other: Gluskap's Lodge
and Myeengun's Lodge.

Do not let the other tribes convince you that to be
one or the other is better. Especially do not listen to the
hate of the Red Talons, who dislike all but themselves.

Auspices

A thousand full moons pound in my heart.

—John Trudell, Stickman

Han-hepi-wi, the Night Sun — the Moon — gave us
her Ways, so that we would walk on Grandmother's
earth in a sacred manner. These Ways are very impor-
tant, for they are special to the wolf-changers; to deny
them is to insult Han-hepi-wi and bring her ill-will, not
only against the one who insulted her, but against all the
people.

All the Wendigo-People must follow their auspice
roles; those who do not are often exiled until they learn
better. It is foolish for an Ahroun to pretend to be a
Galliard; he was born to become a soldier, not a story-
teller. While he may learn the songs and even sing them,
he must not give them more importance than the ways
of war.

Heyoka — Ragabash

These are the contraries — upside-down and back-
»wever they like, for they
s. They keep the Ways
sh. Also, when they
other, we can laugh

wards people, those who,
havenorole butone: to
from growing old and
break them and suffer
at their pratfalls and ‘did not do anything
wrong. What's more, spiri ‘ive the transgressions
of aheyoka more than those of others —at least, after their
anger has cooled.

Angalkuq — Theurge

The shamans of our peop]
the manitous are on goa
speakers of the Hanblogl:
can thus listen to the wil
wind or the whispering of t
or the grunt of the bear.

Mediwiwin — Philodox

Most of the best Peace Chiefs are Philodox, for they are
wise in the ways of leadership. In the old days, they knew
best when to move the find better game for
everyone. These days, aerns rarely move, and our
human Kin cannot easi e their reservations — some-
times, if they do, they allowed to live there again,
for the wasichu then say people are no longer
natives. But the mediwiwins still know best how to manage
the wasichu or to plan for better times.

he angalkut, ensure that
rms with us. They are the
, the Spirit Speech, and they
the spirits as revealed by the
‘ees, the splash of the salmon

3

: a

Daebaudjimoot — Galliard

Our greatest treasi

he old songs and stories, for
them that we are taught
. They also amuse us and
e bitter cold. They stir us to great
ears that, if kept too long inside
Great Wendigo's.

they hold our Ways.
the right manner in
warm our hearts evi

us, would freeze our he:

Va'pahe — Ahroun

More than any ot
ya'pahe, the Wolf
necessary, for the
mightier. Thus, we

, our tribe honors most the
Full Moon. Warriors are
are mighty. We must be
‘ar Chiefs of this auspice.
-gardless of auspice—their
e daebaudjimoot.

deeds are sung most hig!

The Litany

Ne-o-ga looked to O-yan-do-ne, who nodded and began
speaking:

Our brothers and sisters have a law they call the
Litany. We know it also, for it was given to all the wolf-
changers by Grandmother. But the other tribes misunder-
stand it. This is how we were taught it:

Wolf-Changer Shall Not
Mate with Wolf-Changer

Itis not right fora wolf-changer to lie with another of her
kind. Grandmother wants us to lie with humans and wolves,
so that there may be more of us, and so that we do not forget
where we come from. The first changers came from the
marriages between humans and animal people. Changers are
between-people; they must be born from others.

The half-breeds, the metis, are rare among us, for few
of us break this rule. Those metis among us are not much
liked, for they are wrong, and their presence is said to
disturb the spirits. Despite this, many metis become strong
from spirit power. Who can say why this is?

Do not lie with someone you are not supposed to.

Fight the Horned Serpent
Wherever Jt Js, Wherever Jt Breeds

Why else were we born? We are Grandmother's war-
riors. We came from our faraway land in the Sky World to
be here, to defend the Earth World. This rule does not need to
be said, but we say it anyway, so that the young do not forget.

Respect the Territory of Another

We have always followed this rule. It was not the
Wendigo-People who went over the seas to take another's
land. Every other tribe broke this rule, and because of it, the
local spirits hate them. Never will the winds befriend them,
because of what they have done to us. Only the Stargazers
respected this rule, and only they can speak to our spirits.

Wendigo

yy


a AA,

Accept an Honorable Surrender

One who does not act honorably is distrusted, and soon
she has no followers and no friends. That person will
eventually be shunned and live on her own. If it gets bad
enough, she will be consumed with the desire to eat human
flesh — this is the Horned Serpent speaking to her; because
she is alone, he can do this.

Accepting one's surrender is part of behaving well.
Always behave in such a way that your people will be proud
of you.

Submit to Those of Higher Station

This means that we must always respect our elders, for
they have more living wisdom than we do. Those who do
not respect their elders — whether animal or human —
soon forget how to live in the world properly. Eventually,
others will ignore them as they ignored their elders. They
will die alone.

The First Share of the Kill
for the Greatest in Station

The greatest in station are the following: your family,
including your grandparents, parents, brothers and sisters,
wife or husband and children. Give them the best of your
hunt first, and always leave a bit for the manitous. After you
have served them, then you may eat. If this is always done,
the Animal Elders will gift you with ample game.

Do Mot Eat the Flesh of Humans

The Horned Serpent tricks us often, and many have
broken this rule. It is not hard to do, for starvation is always
so near in the North. But it is wrong. Too many evil spirits
are created when someone breaks this rule; someone who
eats too much human flesh becomes a mockery of Great
Wendigo, a foolish spirit molded by the Horned Serpent to
insult Great Wendigo.

Others say that Great Wendigo is a cannibal himself,
but this is not true. He is not human, and thus can eat the
hearts of all his enemies. If you are bad, he will eat your
heart, no matter who you are. Others try to scare us by
saying that the Eater-of-Souls is inside our totem, but this
is their own fear speaking. They fear Great Wendigo's
hunger and secretly think that he will eat them.

Respect All Beings —
All Are of Grandmother

Indeed, this is something our tribe does not forget,
although many of the others have. The Children of Gaia
remember this rule, but they are stupid, for they love
everything, even evil. Not all things are meant to be given
respect; if beings walk in a sacred manner, following
Grandmother's Way, then they deserve good treatment.
But if they break such rules, walking with corruption, then
they are our enemies, and must be killed.

Peta-owihankeshni

—

The Veil Shall Not Be Lifted

The wasichu suffer from a great terror: They cannot
look on our battle-forms without crying like babies. This is
true also of the Pure Ones, but they are not so bad. They
may quake with fear and forget what they see, but they
compose themselves better. This is because we led them
away from the other tribes long ago, before the taint of fear
was fully made in them.

Do not taunt the wasichu by showing your battle form
to them. It only attracts attention and may bring the
disfavor of spirits.

Do Not Suffer Your People
to Tend Your Sickness

If you are tainted, you must cleanse yourself. You may ask
help from others, but be prepared to do the work yourself. You
must make your own sweat lodge or journey on a Snow Walk.

Ifyou are diseased and dying, seek healing, but do not
prolong your life if your time to die has come. Do not make
others hunt for you. If your time has come, say goodbye to
your family and walk into the Ghost World to die among
spirits who can then guide you on the Path of Souls, the
Milky Way of the stars, so that you may join your ancestors.

The Leader May Be Challenged
at Any Time (During Peace

Of course she can. If she is not fit tolead, then none
will follow. It is odd that the other tribes must remind
themselves of this, lest they follow fools.

The Leader May Not Be Challenged
(During Wartime

This, too, is true. If you have pledged yourself to join
a war party or to defend a caern while the war party departs,
it is an oath you must see fulfilled. The leader of the war
party must be followed; if you do not like this, then do not
pledge to go. If you change your mind after the party has
left, you may leave, but you will lose much Honor in doing
50.

You Shall Take Yo Action That
Causes a Caern to Be Violated

The sacred places are few now, for the Horned Serpent
has taken many of them from us. We will defend the few
that remain to us with our last breaths, and even then our
ghosts will return to haunt any who try to spoil them. Do
not try to take our caerns, for we will kill you.

Taken-From-Fire was surprised to hear such strong words
from O-yan-do-rie, who had before seemed so peaceful. But there
was a power inside her, as in all the Wendigo-People. She smiled at
Taken-from-Fire, as if to assure him that she was not angry.

"Thave spoken," she said. "Now Ne-o-ga and Da-jo-ji will
tell you of the Six Worlds and our enemies and allies in them."

39

; >



One does not sell the earth upon which people walk

— Crazy Horse

Walking
Grandmother's World

ga spoke

Where once there were Six Worlds, now there are only
two: the Earth World, this world, your home, and the Ghost
World, the place where the spirits dwell, which the other
wolf-changer tribes call the Umbra, the Place of Shadows

The other worlds are no more, except as ghosts in the
Ghost World. Some of their beings still live there, but they
seldom come to this world anymore.

The Earth World

This is the most important of all worlds, for it is where
Grandmother meant for us all to dwell between our so-
journs in the Ghost World and the other worlds. Here is
where the Animal Elders let their children run; those that
cannot run here anymore are kept in their pens in the
Ghost World, in the lodges of their Elders

This is the Earth World, the world that Turtle bears on
his back. He made this sacrifice for all beings, so that they
would have a place to live. He was beloved by the Croatan;
since they went away, he has slept and none of our angalkut

can find him. But we know he still lives, for if he did not,
the Earth would sink into the Great Waters again

This is the world which Grandmother guided us to,
and this is the place She bid us dwell and protect till we are
Inlike the other tribes, we do not willingly |

no more ave

our tribal lands, the places where our ancestors lived and
left their power. If we leave, there will be no one left to defend
them. We must stand firm and not move from this place.

We are tied to our ancestral lands more deeply than the
other tribes. The very seasons call to us and affect our manner.
In the spring, it is hard to concentrate on work, for the new life
isall around, and we want to play as we did when we were cubs
In the summer, we are tired of playing and seek war. We
traditionally hunted the Horned Serpent People in the warm
season, for they hid during the winter. Our power — our Rage
— is strong here, and it is hard to counsel peace then. In the
fall, the world begins to slumber and withdraw, to prepare for
the coming cold. It is hard for us to change skins during this
time. Then, in the winter, we are strongest. This is the time of
our totem, of our power. We become hardy, and it is difficult
to fell us with weapons and blows.

Katasha 41

==

ir iain eens,


I will speak of the lands of the Wendigo-People, from
the place where we first came to this world, to the place we
met the wasichu

Alaska

Many of the oldest traditions of the Wendigo-People
are still practiced here, where the land still breathes and our
wolf Kin run free. Here, we live among our human Kin, who
belong to the many native tribes. While they are poor by
wasichu standards, they are rich in traditions. In this land
are some of the few truly traditional caerns, where we live
as we did long ago, eating what is given to us by the animals
and plants and keeping the wasichu away:

Even the Homed Serpent People do not know where all
our Alaskan caerns hide, and they hate us for it. They send
ors or oil-pipe builders, all
lies so that they can get close to us, to find our places of power.
We catch them and kill them, and we nail their hides to their

their people across the land as sucvet

doors to return these servants to their masters.

Canada

Our human Kin have had more luck in this land than to
the south in gaining rights from the wasichu, but they still lose
their lands too often. Too many of them try to become wasichu
themselves and sell rights to timber or other resources. These
things are not theirs to sell; they belong to Grandmother. We
are patient with them, but we always act to prevent the worst
from happening — so far as we can.

42

Wendigo

L Ke Wty, apey
Hut nye:

KOCHAKST

Our wolf Kin are also strong here, especially to the west
Other tribes come and try to breed with them, and sometimes
we let them, but more often we use fierce war paint and arrows
to chase away outsiders. Let them fear us.

Our caerns here are not so well protected as those in
Alaska, but they are still safer than those to the south

The United States

Here, our human Kin suffer more woe than elsewhere,
for here was the most blood spilled in treachery. The
wasichu denied our Kin rights to their own ways for so long
that the ways almost became lost to them. Now, our people
live in filth on reservations left to them after the wasichu
took everything else.

Here is where our work is the most important, teaching
them the ways and fighting the Horned Serpent, which
now lives among them, hiding in the flesh of red people as
well as white.

Itis especially bad on Pine Ridge, near the Black Hills, or
among the Mohawk, who must sell illegal alcohol and ciga-
rettes to gain even half the wealth most wasichu can easily get.

We lead many war parties across the Americas, for the
Horned Serpent is most active here. His monsters crawl
from the Ghost World and cause many problems, usually
among the natives and the poor, people no one pays
attention to. A Horned Serpent Being could eat an entire
native village and no wasichu would know or care. Only we
can defend against this.

vk

y


aA

Siberia

There is only one other place in the Earth World
where we have relations, and that is along the coast of the
land called Siberia. Fishers and hunters closely related to
our human Kin in Alaska still live in this place, and some
of the Wendigo-People live with them, protecting the
waters and preventing Horned Serpent monsters from
reaching the Pure Lands from this direction.

Some speak of a tribe called the Siberakh, said to be related
to our people and the Silver Fangs. I know nothing of them.

The Ghost World

The spirit world is vast, and its ways are more mysteri-
‘ous tous ow tian éver before: Many worlds which existed
on their own now live there as ghosts. The paths have
become confused and have changed. This is a good thing,
for the Horned Serpent walks there, but knows not where
he goes. He gets lost often.

Only Han-hepi-wi knows all the paths, lighting them for
wolf-changers. She sometimes sends her children to aid trav-
elers, although the Moon Feathers do not always take us where
we wish to go. However, it is usually where we need to go.

There are many special places here, sacred to our
people. The most special is our Tribal Homeland, a pristine
place of beauty, much like the Pure Lands were before the
Horned Serpent ruined everything.

Other tribes who have seen it (They are very few!)
think it is bleak and fear that they could not survive living
here, for itis a land of snow and tundra and fierce winds. But
they do not see the purity in the snow, and they rarely
venture far enough to see the forests and streams where the
spirits of many animals live and wander.

We do notallow them to go this far, for this is our final,
untainted homeland. The Wind-spirits protect it for us,
savaging any strangers who dare to enter, unless they are in
need. These we will aid, buteven they cannot travel long here.

In the villages, our ancestors sometimes come to dwell,
traveling from the Path of Souls to teach us lessons. We
bring them offerings, light fires and cook game for them.

From this place, we can glimpse the Path of Souls in
the World Above the Sky, the world that is called the
Aetherial Realm by others. Someday, we too shall walk
that Path through the stars to new worlds that Grand-
mother has made for us.

Some do not always travel that path. Many get lost, or the
spirits deny them entrance for some crime a wolf changer
committed, such as Pauguk, who killed his brother to get his
brother's wife. He now lives in the Land of the Dead, as do
many of our ancestors who were killed by the wasichu. Until
vengeance is delivered for them, they cannot go on.

For many reasons, we must cherish our Kin and protect
them. If they are killed unjustly, they may become restless
spirits, refusing to walk the Path of Souls and instead
haunting us until we work revenge for them. They have a
power now, one which even we sometimes fear. Butmore than
anything else, we pity them and wish to end their suffering.

Other Garou

Our cousins from across the Great Waters do not like
us much, and we do not like them. There is little to say
about them, but I will say what there is:

Black Furies

We respect their
ways. They are unbalanc:

Bone Gnawers

They live in filth.
the others, for
dangerous to do

Children of Gaia

Ifall the Garou w
peace and harmony it
each respects the oth
Children of Gaia

ut we do not respect their

trusted more than
rd — unless it is

is land, for there is room fee all if
are like them, and the
warriors and maf on

is They have few
A peine lack,
Fianna

They think that ever C iikes them. They are wrong.
They refuse to see themselyes for what they are: fools and
murderers.

Get of Fenris

We have foug!
respect no tribal bot
their might, ifonly to
them noaid when the:

Glass Walkers

We know little abou
be far more spider thai
spiders, always weaving.'

Red Talons

They are foolish, for
better than any other
be sure. But all bein
gave us. These ones

Shadow Lords

ith these ones, for they
ni ire"our caerns. Respect
st how to beat them. Butgive
it. They would notgive it to you.

strange ones, who seem to
"Their spirits are those of
‘ay away from them.

ink that wolf-people are
are better than some, to
right to what Grandmother
fish. Even our wolves know this.

those from over the sea.
d selfishness. This
than asking. For this

reason, give them Tespect.

Silent sttivers

ittle family and walk
glk alone for a

3

SP Senet TES co seneE I

Silver Fangs

Like the Sha
all, regardless of,
followensThey at
their traditions ai
ways. Ignore them.

Stargazers

Of all those from & pyres: ones are the wisest.
They respect our ways ai n pales them. They do not
take what they are neti * they walk the land
leaving little mark. Reg A il We will aid. But even they
are unhealthy, for they Oft

= is for unreal things.
Uktena — Oler hie

Older Brother has changed much. He is secretive now
where he used to be kind. He is too secretive. We fear he
hides power taken from the Hoffted Serpent with the hope,
perhaps, to use it for  Mhis is wrong. It will only
harm him and others. wary of the Uktena tribe.

But they at We cannot forsake
them. When they ask our aid, We give it, no matter how much
we may dislike the cause. ually ask for aid in return,
hoping to teach the Uktén@ the old ways we follow. They
know the old ways, but oftéfiipractice other ways instead.

Like the Qualmi cats, too many of them become
sorcerers, using their power for selfish wants.

Other Changers

Painted desert, peyote rain

Lord, don't let me go insane

Skinwalker, skinwalker

Through your eyes I can see

You have left your mark on me

—Patrick Leonard and Robbie Robertson, "Skinwalker"

Ne-o-ga was finished, and now it was Da-jo-ji's turn again.

There are other Changing Beings besides the wolf-
changers. These skinwalkers are sometimes our allies and
sometimes our enemies. Long ago, our ancestors fought
them for land. In the Pure Lands, these struggles were little
different than many of the wars fought by our human Kin,
and no resentment would have come from them had it not
been for the terrible wars our kind fought across the seas.
There, they killed many other changers, and now all
changers distrust the wolf-changers.

Gurahl

The bear-changers were here before us. They are the
oldest. They were the fii Grandmother about the
Horned Serpent and ile we made our long
jonored them. But many of
and many more died at
the hands of the wolf-cl across the seas.

We protect the Gural do our own. Those bear-
changers that we know of fnay call upon us at anytime, and

want to rule over
arned or attracted
ons make it so. But
other gave us other
they insult usfwar on them.

44 Wendigo

nothing is expected in return. We owe them this for what
their ancestors gave us.

Pumonca

Da-jo-ji smiled now, as if he spoke of something he greatly
enjoyed:

Many Wendigo-People fear the puma-changers and
say that they are vain and too angry. | say ones who say
so are fools, for the puma-changers are mighty warriors.
Without their aid, the mountains of the Pure Lands
would have been lost to the Horned Serpent People.
When we first came, these evil beings fled to the moun-
tains to live in caves where we could not find them. But
the puma-changers found them. They had patience, and
for days they would wait, watching until a Horned
Serpent Person crawled from the mountain. Then they
would pounce!

Mighty are the puma-

. Respect them well.

they are selfish, and

Da-jo-ji scowled:

Qualmi

The other lynx-people,
the Qualmi. Pow if ant r they can see
Like the puma-people, they have the patience to wait
quietly for many days to capture an enemy or a manitou. If
it is a manitou, they will force knowledge from it before

they let it go. Beware these ones, for they become sorcerers
and often use magic to curse us from afar.

Yuwisha

Ido not like tl
the coyote-change:
always easy to find, bi
else or pretending t
can play pranks on s

Corax

The raven-people
gether. In return for their lo'
them preferto hunt in the
there. Their place is in t

Dampires

The Horned Serpent has many servants, many people
who have taken up his ways. The most powerful of them are
the vampires, those who eat the blood of the living. They
refuse to walk the Path of Souls or go to the Land of the
Dead, and they have learned how to pretend to live.

Their words can trick us and make us believe things
that are not true. Kill them on sight. Pierce their hearts
with wooden arrows and slice their heads off with hatchets.
They are unholy and fear sacred things. Our Kin can
sometimes scare vampires away by chanting sacred songs.

everything funny, but
way. They are not
ere, hiding as somebody
ey are not, all so they

lends; we often hunt to-
rovide our might. Many of
‘orld, but they often get lost
world, where the sun still shines.


LS d

Mages

There are many Persons of Power who came from
across the séas, but there were some among us before them.
These people have great wisdom and have been chosen by
the manitous. Such a Person of Power is a ratetshents, One
Who Dreams.

Those who came across the seas do not speak to their
dreams; they invent insane things and expect us all to
believe in them. Some of them are black robes, the priests
who tried to make our human Kin believe in their mani
while others worship machit
ones; they are sorcerers possessed

for their hate or sorrow is so great that the spirit!
presence would taint the Path. These ones haunt tl
World, and live in their own world, the Land of the D
now a part of the Ghost World.

Many beings live there with them — not just our i
but dead wasichu, black people and yellow people.
very bad place where no one is happy.

Be careful how you walk when youare alive, so
do not become as they are

Changeling

The Little People uss
afraid of the world and
wasichu hurt them. The
the trees and play prank§p
and we enjoyed their la
in the waters and from ti
realm. There, they would
become their lovers.
rarely heard.

Ifany of them co}

. They were good-nati
¢ Nebaunaubaewuk li¥
time lured our Kin to th
e our people as they a

battered hard upon the lodge walls. The elde
if listening to a faraway voice.
Taken-From-Fire concentrated, trying

the spirit speech. In the distance, far away, he heard a cry:
"Return. Return to your gates. Release your winds, for Great
Wendigo walks.
"We are called," Da-jo-ji said, looking to Ya-o-gah.
Ya-o-gah smiled at Taken-From-Fire. "We must leave you
sooner than we wished, but our Elder walks and needs our winds."

He stood and his robe fell off. Taken-From-Fire gasped,
for he now saw that Ya-o-gah was a mighty bear. O-yan-do-
ne also stood, and her robe fell to the floor to reveal a tall
moose.

"Take what you have leaned and return to your people,"
she said. "Teach these things to them. Tell them to teach these
things to their children and grandchildren."

Ya-o-gah dropped to all fours and lumbered to the door,
followed by O-yan-do-ne, whose antlers scraped the ceiling.

As they passed, Da-o-ji stood and also dropped his robe.

a, sleek and tan, with wiry strength.
tind, dropping her robe to show that she

ised, wolf-changer," she said to Taken-

BFFs ourselves. We are the Keepers of the Winds.
tains the North Wind. His breath freezes the

is the mist which cloaks
leh bend the trees. Da-

din. Whenever your people have need of our
may call on us from the highest peaks by yelling

Eel ver the pierickicand ranstir Onettiadsoraiey: Fer
attering. Taken-From-Fire ran after her, but as he left
e, all he could see was snow falling everywhere, covering

to the storm. In the distance, another howl
-k was near. He called to them again, and they

Fog! Fog!

Lightning!

Whirlwind!

The rocks are ringing,

They are ringing in the mountains.
Now the sun's beams are running out,
The sun's yellow rays are running out.
We shall live again.

a eS eee


{


The Indian hero displays awesome talents; he can change
into any shape he wants or make himself invisible at will. His
supernatural powers often come to him from earth and sky spirits
in dreams, or are given to him by magicians. He may have to
seize power by conquering another supernatural, perhaps the
first in a series of tests he faces; sometimes he simply steals it,

Myths and Legends

Tribal Weakness
(Optional)

The first of the Werewolf Tribebooks introduced an op-
tional rule: tribal weaknesses, quirks the members of a particular
tribe might possess, usually due to the social, spiritual or even

genetic nature of a tribe. Weaknesses shouldn't always be en-

forced: In some rare situations, for instance, a Bone Gnawer
might not suffer a higher difficulty on Social rolls. Likewise, Glass
Walkers can't re
0 W
Glass Walker might be able to reestablish his spiritual connec:

in Gnosis in the wilderness, but in some areas

with lon; aver residue, such as abandoned homesteads, a

tions.

It is up to the Storyteller to enforce these rules when an

appropriate situation occurs in the game. A player may be unwill-

ing to remind a Storyteller when her Uktena's curiosity ought to

Swan chseatieenisiesestieiremeitieenneeensenitenmehanineaianmenieeenamammmieeeeeae

get her into trouble.

Orenda

showing his cunning as well as his strength
— Richard Erdoes and Alfonso Ortiz, American Indian

aoe Weakness
Wheel of the Seasons

The Wendigo have long lived in a very close relationship
with the Earth and its ever-changing seasons. The tribe suffers a
ns

different weakness during different parts of the year, but it g

power in winter, the season of its tote:

Spring: +1 difficulty to Willpower rolls; the Wendigo have
trouble concentrating as life quickens and grows

Summer: -| difficulty to frenzy rolls; summer is the tradi
tional season of war, and this old habit is hard to break

Fall: +1 difficulty to change forms; the world slips into
slumber and new potentials die

Winter: -1 difficulty on soak rolls; the Wendig:
in this bitter season,

> are hardiest

ind they save up all their hate to strengthen

themselves during the harshest time of year

47


ae AZ

Merits and Flaws
Spirit Parent (6 point Merit)

Your mother or father was a spirit (the other parent was a
Garou). While it was most probably a Wind-spirit, it may have
nan animal spirit, a plant spirit or any type of spirit. If the

spirit was your mother, you may not know the truth immediately;
you were probably left on someone's proverbial doorstep and
raised as an orphan (or adopted by a she-wolfif you're lupus). The
Storyteller and player should work together to determine the
effects of this Merit, which depend largely on the nature of the
spirit parent. However, some things are sure:

* The character begins with two extra points of temporary
Renown, allocated according to the parent: A wild and dangerous
Wind-spirit provides Glory, whereas a wise animal spirit may
provide Wisdom.

* Banes hate the character more than usual and single him
out of a pack for assault or punishment

© The character has a spiritual boon, a mild power provided by
his spirit heritage. It may be that he never suffers frostbite, can track
caribou better than others, or walks more quietly than others.

© The character also has a mild drawback, some not-so-
beneficial character trait, such as extreme impatience, imperti-
nence, single-mindedness, selfishness, etc. It represents the bad
side of his parent, whether the constant motion of the wind or the
surly temper of a wolverine.

© The cost for the character's pack to take the parent as its

totem is one point less than usual.

Bitter (2 point Flaw)

You exceed even your fellow Wendigo in bitterness, anger
over the state of the tribe, the world or your Kin. Perhaps you were
raised on anative reservation in extreme poverty, or youspentthe
first years of your life in a wolf pack evading hunters. What

the reason — and there may be no direct reason — you get angry
easily at individuals whom you perceive to be the cause of your
problems: wasichu, hunters, Horned Serpent People, etc. You are

at -1 difficulty to frenzy when in their presence.

Gifts

* Salmon Swim (Level Two) — The character may move

upon a river, lake or any other body of water as he does on land

This Gift is taught by a Salmon-spirit
System: The player spends one Gnosis and may walk and/or

scored

tun upon water fora number of turns equal to the succes
ona Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 7). In addition, he may
perform a jump similar to that provided by the Lupus Gift: Leap
of the Kangaroo, as long as he starts and ends on water.

* Last Stand (Level Four) — As the Get of Fenris Gift:
Hero's Stand

© Wsitiplaju's Bow (Level Four) — This Gift allows a
Garou to shoot an arrow that can wrap around corners and hit
targets out of sight. An Ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Percep-
tion + Archery (difficulty 9). The range of the weapon does not

change. The Wendigo must know roughly where her opponent is,

although she need not know precisely; "a few feet down that alley
over there" can suffice, for example.


Croatan Gifts

The Wendigo still retain some lore from the Croatan,
although they keep it secret from other Garou (even the Uktena)
and teach it only to deserving Wendigo. The Storyteller may
forbid any player character who lacks an excellent reason from
learning these Gifts; at any rate, they count as Gifts of another
tribe and must be learned at the increased experience cost.

© Wyld Sight (Level One) — The Garou can see Wyld
energy in all its manifestations, thus allowing him to prevent it
from growing too powerful or to defend himself against it. For
instance, the Garou can see the mystic swirling of the Umbral
wind that presages a tornado in the physical realm or feel the
shaking of the Umbral earth before a real earthquake. A Garou
using Wyld Sight in the physical world can also sense Wyld spirits
in the nearby Penumbra, although the user must enter the Umbra
to get more details. This Gift is taught by a Wyld-spirit.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty
6). If successful, the Garou understands the nature of the Wyld
manifestation and realizes what form of Wyld-spirit is causing fc.
Use the following table to determine how early a Garou can
predict a Wyld event:

Successes Time Before the Event
One 10 minutes
Two 30 minutes
Three One hour
Four

Five +
* Turtle Shell (Level Two!
protective shield around herself.
turtle shell t Q

outside but transluc

the Garou can see out).

in the shell with her. This

System: The
Stamina + Surviy

Crinos-form G

successes, three
perhaps six Homid-
tion — Storyteller's discretion).

The shell lasts for one scene or until a Garou decides to breal
it, whichever comes first. Once its time is up or it is broken
(whether by a Garou inside or by an enemy pounding his way in),
the shell disintegrates.

© Call Earth Spirit (Level Three) — The Garou may
summon an Earth-spirit to do one task for him. The user must
have some earth with him (a handful of dirt ora rock). The Earth-
spirit crushes things in its path, including foes it is directed
against. This Gift is taught by an earth elemental.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Occult (difficulty 8). The spirit's rampage (in a
straight line for up to 30 yards) causes 10 dice of damage
(nonaggravated) to anything in its path, It knocks down what-
ever it hits, rolling over objects or victims, and continues along
its way. A botch on the summoning roll calls up a spirit hostile to
the Gift user.

Orenda

ee

© Hand of the Earth Lords (Level Four) — As the Uktena
Gift.

* Resolute Vow (Level Five) — Once a Garou with this
Gift pursues a goal, nothing can stop her from achieving her ends.
There are many legends of Croatan heroes who followed their
vows of vengeance or spiritual quests against all odds, continuing
on when less-resolute Garou turned back, fearful of failure. This
Gift is now taught by Wendigo Ancestor-spirits.

System: The player spends a permanent point of Gnosis and
declares her purpose or quest to all who can hear. From that point
on, she must follow her quest through until the end. She adds six
extra dice to any Willpower roll involving the quest (even if it
takes her Willpower over 10 dice) and has six extra Willpower
points to spend on the quest only. However, once spent, these
points cannot be regained.

If the Garou chooses to give up her quest before it is
completed, she loses any remaining bonus Willpower points and
loses one permanent Willpower point for each of the bonus
Willpower points that she spent after activating this Gift. The
Garou may never regain permanently lost Willpower points. For

instance, if the Garou gives up her quest after spending three of
Rgonus Willpower points, she may never have a Willpower

purifying lodge, uniting
details usually are purely

of Passage or even

stitutes for it among some septs. The Rite of Passage is often
deans whereby a pack's young cubs learn to aid one another in
accomplishing each cub's vision. They choose a totem from the
patrons who came to them on their Vision Quest.

The Vision Quest is best if it occurs soon after the First
Change (or before it, in the case of a cub known to be a Garou
—even though she may not know herself). She is taken out to
the wilderness, to a sacred spot (a cave, a waterfall, a ledge on
a mountain) and left there to fast for a number of days (most
often eight to ten). After four days have passed, someone
usually checks on the cub to make sure she rémains relatively
healthy; if she is not, the quest is canceled but may be
attempted again later.

If the quest is successful, a spirit comes to the supplicant in
dreams and gives her a vision of her destiny, the goal that
Grandmother wishes L.C. to achieve. The vision may be vague,
for events to come are not fully "written," but to deny the vision
may mean failure later in life. This spirit sometimes comes again

49


2 ere ere ee ses eter reese o emncmorereerenah

to the Garou later and is well-inclined toward her, although it
does not have to be chosen as a pack totem.

System: This rite is not one the quester must learn; itisa task
to be completed, successfully or not. Only one Vision Quest may
be embarked upon in a person's lifetime, although that person
may attempt the rite many times until successful (no more than
once per season).

After at least four days have passed in seclusion, the
supplicant may roll Stamina + Rituals (difficulty 7) once per
day. The successes are tallied together, and when 12 successes
have been achieved, the spirit comes to reveal a vision. Then,
the quest is over. The Garou does not have to reveal her vision
to others, but it may help her to get some advice from a
Theurge.

If the character consumes food anytime during the rite, the
difficulty of successive rolls increases by three.

Moon Dance

Level Four

This rite seeks prophetic wisdom from the Moon,
concerning adventures or war parties. Rite participants
in the Umbra and proceed along a Moon Path (randot
by the ritemaster). Ifthe Moon favors their dance, aL
and gifts the party with visions of the coming future, tht
with regard to the object of their quest or war party:
see Pentex executives leaving their office at night,
monkeywrenchers may have an easier time breaking
they might see a Wyld-spirit harassing one of the ritu

meaning that such a spirit may trouble them in their coming
venture.

Garou who seek potent visions scar themselves with klaives
to show their devotion to the Moon and their willingness for
sacrifice.

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits +
The number of successes determines both
(clues) given and their degree of import (S
The difficulty of the roll drops by one
herself with silver (-3 maximum).

Accord
Sweat Lodge

Level One

A version of the Rite of Cleansing, this rite
pertains to one's own self and health. The rite participants al
gather ina sealed tent or lodge and pour water on heated rocks t
create hot steam. Sage and cedar are sometimes burned to hi
cleanse the atmosphere.

Tricky spirits sometimes interrupt ceremonies, often y:
ing things from a person's hand or even disrobing a particip:
Ritualists should greet these visitations with patience. If'
behaves properly, he may be rewarded with some tidbit of knowl

System: In addition to the usual roll made by the ritem:
(Charisma + Rituals, difficulty 7), each participant mak
Willpower roll. If the roll is successful, all Stamina rolls are
made at one less difficulty for the next two days. In addition,
characters are considered cleansed, as if they had participated
ina Rite of Cleansing.

50 Wendigo

PEE LT TY)

Snow Walk

Level Four

Snow Walk, a powerful but dangerous rite, is attempted
only by individuals whose taint or spiritual sickness cannot be
cleansed with a Sweat Lodge. The supplicant goes off alone,
without clothing or tools of any kind, into the frozen tundra of
the far north (or into a fierce local snowstorm) and must
survive there fopat least three days. The first day may be trying,
that the real test begins. If the rite is
s summon harsh gusts, hard hails and
e Garou. If she survives, she is cleansed
pirit toxins and may even be freed of

licant rolls Charisma + Rituals (difficulty

torm comes. She must then roll Stamina +

\e success is required tocure Wyrm-taintorspirit

four are needed to banish Harano. If the roll fails, the
iced to Crippled and must heal as if she had taken
sounds. In addition, she must roll against the Battle

jor

ings

is rite is a means by which the Garou becomes known to
nd. It can affect the demeanor of summoned or

spiria' by turning non<Wyrm hostile' spicies into

iendlies. Various offerings, from tobacco to food, are

ally, tise Garou must'tmoke a pipe df tobacco every

mite for'atientire moon cycle, or provide a small

ivexy tieall fie: consumes during' that cycle (by

y or leaving it in a place that animal spirits

ter a complete moon cycle (from new to full)
ice, the character rolls Charisma + Rituals
ich success adds one success to the roll used to
moned spirit's demeanor (from hostile to
idition, these successes should be tallied and
a similar manner to rolls made when meeting
bonus applies only to the next spirit encountered,

he Storyteller may instead allow it to steadily de-
ith each new encounter, if the character carries herself

Oyarans (Totems)
tems of War

luk, the Hunter

Background Cost: 4 ;
‘Traits: Igaluk gives his children skills in the hunt. One pack
T at a time may increase his Perception by one, and that
member may also subtract one from the difficulties of
fealth and Survival rolls.

Ban: Children of Igaluk must never mistreat their game;
they must always thank any being they kill for food. Otherwise,
Igaluk ensures that all animals beware the offending Garou.


Wakinyan Tanka, Thunderbird

Background Cost: 6

Traits: A member of Thunderbird's pack may add three dice
toa Strength dice pool. Also, Thunderbird teaches his children
the Gift: Clap of Thunder (as the Level Two Shadow Lord Gift).

Ban: Thunderbird is a dangerous totem to court. If a pack
member's Rage ever exceeds her Willpower, she goesalittle crazy.
She behaves strangely and stays on edge (like someone who has
had way too much coffee); all her frenzy roll difficulties are at -2.

The Winter Manitous
(i Negaktok, Tomanik, O'ha'a

Background Cost: 4
Traits: A pack member may call upon the G

both Stamina and Survival.

Ban: Pack members may not seek shelter
storm until they have st
from the cold (frostbit

Totems of
Skai

Speech and the Gift: S

difficulties on Enigmas
Ban: Packs must d

spirits. They must never ré

Kiunik, Otter

Background Cost: 5

Invisible. In addition, its me]
and Dodge amongst themg

Ban: Pack member$ must enter the Umbra at least of
moon cycle (from new to full) and follow a random Moo
while there.

Whiskey Jack, Jaybird

Background Cost: 4

"Traieif A pack member 'miy call, upon che Ole tietul
Ighomange/ and she gains PCH tenth th adiiaen (heen:
ties for all rolls to fool another with words are reduced by one.

Bani Each pack membetamust areal something once per
moon cycle, whether it's aipack offgum ar the'store or a Horned
Serpent Person's fetish,

Peyote
Details on this powerful spirit can be found in the Werewolf
supplement Axis Mundi: The Book of Spirits.

Fetishes

Ghost Canoe

Level 3 (5), Gnosis 8

This canoe is not necessarily a full-sized one; it is usually a
small carving of such a boat. Once activated, it allows its bearer
to navigate the Umbra as if he had the spirit Charm: Airt Sense.
There are full-sized versions of this fetish (Level 5) that can carry
anumber of Garou and can pass through the Umbral landscape as
if it were water. Once activated, one of these potent fetishes
enters the Umbra when its user steps sideways. Activation lasts
for one day; if it wears off, the fetish must be activated again to get
it out of the Umbra. Any spirit with Airt Sense can power this

fetish.
Net/Spirit Snare

vel 3, Gnosis 5

captives.
favors for
fetishes).
within it a

‘spirits and exact
Place the spirits in

is fetish is a shaman's drum, one which can aid in
summoning spirits. When played for at least three consecutive
turns and properly activated, it adds the number of successes on
activation roll to one subsequent summoning rite or Gift.
This fetish is created by binding a Song-spirit.

le Bow

Level 4, Gnosis 6

Much like the bow of the legendary Gluskap, this warrior's
weapon is sought after by many Ahrouns. It is a very strong bow
made of stone, impossible to draw until it has been activated, after
which it may be used only by the activator for the next scene. Its
240-yard range is twice that of a normal bow and, like a firearm,
the user can add his attack successes to the damage dice pool —
in addition to the normal 6 dice of damage the bow delivers (plus
any extra for special arrowheads).

It is said that these bows are made from the bones of giants
who died long ago and whose remains'can sometimes be found
buried in mountains or caves (usually in the Umbra). War-spirits
bound within power these fetishes.

|


ft

Ghost Dance Shirt

Level 5, Gnc
A Garou wearing an activated Ghost Dance Shirt cannot be
hurt by bullets or arrows — they bend around him or bounce off the
leather shirt. Only magically-enhanced projectiles have a chance of
harming the wearer, and they must contest their (or the caster's)
Gnosis, Arete or Willpower (whichever is best applicable —
Storyteller's discretion) against the fetish's Gnosis; whichever has

more successes wins. Note that blows from melee weapons, claws,

fists, etc. cannot be halted by the shirt, only projectiles.

These objects are sacred and take much prayer to produce,
for a powerful Jaggling must be convinced to inhabit them (most
often a crow, sacred messenger of the sun). A Ghost Dan hirt
usually features symbols of its inhabiting spirit. Misuse of a Ghost
Dance Shirt angers most Wendigo and provokes them to take it
from the offender.

Yatural Fetishes

These "fetishes" are not so much made as found, although they
require some ritual handling. Nonetheless, anyone — even Garou
lacking any skill in rites — can use them, so potent is their power (at

least for werewolves, who can activate fetishes with their Gnosis).

Purifying Plants

Level 1, Gnosis 7
Sage, cedar and sweet grass are some of the cleansing
plants used in Wendigo ceremonies. Once activated (a process

that includes burning in the case of sage), purifying plants
lower by one the difficulty of any cleansing-related rolls in
their presence.

Tobacco

Level 1, Gnosis 7

Tobacco is, perhaps, the most holy of plants, for spirits
regain Power points when it is offered in their name. Spirits are
thus inclined to aid a Garou who offers such a sacrifice. If
tobacco is activated and burned, it subtracts one from the
difficulty of summoning spirits or calling on their aid. The
number of successes on the activation roll is the amount of
Power a particular named spirit regains, and each such point
adds one success to the chart for determining its demeanor
(Werewolf, p. 145). Only one such offering can be made to any
spirit by the same Garou per day

Deer's Leg Charm

Level 1, Gnosis 8

It is said that the oil of a deer's leg is strong magic; if
one's eyes are anointed with it, one may shoot straighter
than normal. The oil must be gained ritually from a slain
deer, all of whose body parts must be put to good use. The
oil is extracted and carried in a cloth. The Garou may paint
it around his eyes and try to activate it; the number of
successes on the activation roll then add to the attack roll
of any bow (not firearm) attack for the next shot made by
the ritualist.


While members of the Wendigo tribe may be more
culturally united than most other tribes, they are certainly not
uniform in their practices. A homid is usually born to Natives
on a reservation, and even if she is raised in ignorance,6f her
people's past traditions, she learns them after her kalukdrluteng
— the Rite of Passage. Such individual traditions ag ¢eremo-
nies, dress, behavior and even languages can vary greatly.
However, Wendigo all share the same overall tribal culture
given them by the manitous — the Ways detailed in this book.
For the most part, one Wendigo tends to be quite respectful of

Needjee

OR a ee

another's particular traditions —far more so than he is toward

ones Of most other Garou tribes.

Now more than ever do these various traditions come
together, Whereas before they were widely removed from
one anothétThe Wendigo have recently returned to the
ancient fostefing practice once shared among all the Pure
Lands tribes: Cuibs from one sept often go to a faraway sept
for tutoring and to earn their first Renown. In this way,
kinship ties among all the original peoples of the Pure
Lands strengthen.


aA",

Contrary

Quote: Oh, by the way... Remember that weird hole out in the woods, the one they say a monster lives in? Well, I kinda poked
a stick down there. Yeah, I know I'm not supposed to go there, but... hey, I was curious. Well, it seems that whatever was down
there didn' t like that stick. It got real mad. I think it followed me. You hear that thrashing in the woods? Here it comes!

e Prelude: You grew up on the rez, one that had gambling,
© and that meant money — and wasichu. You got a job at the
gambling hall but got fired pretty fast after you and your
friends kept playing tricks. The last time, they almost charged
you with auto theft. They didn't understand. How else was a
poor Injun kid going to get a car but to borrow one from the
visiting white folks?
Even your family calls you a punk. They're right. You've always
liked playing pranks, always preferred doing something different than
anybody else. Your uncle calls you contrary, and he says it like it's an
important word or something.

Soon after losing your job, you changed into a werewolf for the first
time. Your uncle took you into the woods and taught you everything
Ns about it, and then he took you to the caern and introduced you to the
ws others of your tribe.

Ky \ They seemed real wary about you, as if they always expected you to
i ;
Neale do something strange or dangerous. Your uncle explained that you
Ay BI< >>, were a heyoka, a contrary, one bom under the new moon.
Everybody appreciated that, but still, nobody trusted you. You
were expected to get into trouble.

Given that, you better get to work. That new road they're
building out behind the rez, the one they say is going to be used for
dumping chemicals — maybe that's a good place to start...

Concept: You were just a slacker punk kid on the rez until your
First Change. Now, you're an officially sanctioned slacker punk
werewolf. They actually expect you to act like a fool, to stir things up.
But it's hard to surprise anyone with that kind of attention. Time to
start getting crafty...

Roleplaying Hints: Act like an innocent kid who's
never done anything wrong. Whenever you do something
wrong, always act surprised that it wasn't the right thing
to do. "What? You mean corn syrup screws up engine
blocks when you pour it into a gas tank? Whoa. I
didn't know that. Oh, well."

Equipment: Your gear is as inconspicuous as
you can make it. Your only real concession to
the obvious is a Boy Scout knife. Otherwise,
you've got rubber bands, matches, bandan-
nas and other everyday kinds of stuff. You'll figure out how
to use it all for mischief somehow.


Name: Breed: }omid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ragabash Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: @ontrary
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000 = Charisma @@000 Perception
Dexterity. @ee@0 36 Manipulation. @@ee@00 = Intelligence__
Stamina e000 oe ina. @@000_)=(Wits
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @0000 = Animal Ed O0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics, @0000 Drive. @@000_ Enigmas. 00000
Brawl @0000 _ Etiquette @0000 Investigation @0000
Dodge. @@000 Firearms. @0000_ Law @@000
Empathy. ©0000 Leadership. 00000 Linguistics @0000
Expression 00000 Melee 00000 Medicine @0000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance. 00000 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge @0000 Repair. @0000 Politics 00000
Streetwise. @e00e0 = Stealth @@ee00 Rituals 00000
Subterfuge @@ee@00 = Survival @0000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gi Gilts
Kinfolk ©0000 Smell of Vion 00000
Mentor @@000 Oyen Seat 00000
Totem @0000 = Camonftage 00000
00000 00000
00000 OO0O00O
Renown Rage Health
Glory e@e200000000 Bruised a
@eeoo0oo000000 Hurt -l QO
DODO REE Eo ee reishued" 8 Sina) El
Honor ~ Gnosis: Wounded 2 Q
©000000000 eee0n0000000 pate es She
goo00000000 Sopp A fe
Wisdom OQO0O0000000 Incapacitated a
0000000000 -Willpower ———~ -Weakness ———
ooQggg0g0g0g0g0 A WHEEL OF SEASONS:
wie gen OS OI). ATEAKNESSAIARIES
OQO00000000 BY SEASON

a aia.

ENDIGO =<~e

|


eft
Wounded Prophet

Quote: | hope that I might return to the spirits all the
blessings they have given me.

Prelude: The Wendigo don't particularly appreciate
their metis. Although mules are rarely left exposed to the
elements to die these days (every wolf-changer is needed),
they rarely receive the respect others naturally do. Every-
thing a metis gets, he has to earn. This challenge was
especially true for you.

Your sept felt that your birth had angered the local
spirits, and in an attempt to appease them, they left
you —a weeks-old cub — on a moun-
tain peak for a day. They figured if
you were still alive when they re-
turned that the spirits must have
forgiven them. Well, they were
surprised to find that
you were more
than alive:

The animal people had made a crib for you from gathered
wood, leaves and feathers. It was a powerful sign to the
members of your sept, who were ashamed for their actions.
While you were taken back and given the best of care, their
angalkut fasted and prayed on the mountain for forgiveness
for their cruelty.

Ata very early age, you began uttering prophecies. At
first, they were little things. You knew when a long-absent
hunter was returning to the village, even though his canoe
or truck was nowhere in sight. Sure enough, within the
hour, he would appear.

Your people now expect great things of you. During
your rite of passage, they sent you off alone rather than with
a pack. A Horned Serpent beast found you and clawed out
yourleft eye. You killed it and crawled back to your sept
half-blind. Again, they thought it a bad sign and
began to doubt you. But when you began seeing
invisible things, visions of the future, with the
eye that was no longer there, they knew that
your wounding was a sacrifice.

Now, you must live up to their even
greater expectations.

Concept: Youarea weakling fora Garou,
but you have powerful spirit affinities. Al-
though many look away from your visage
in disgust, they do their best not to anger
you, for they believe that the spirits have
chosen you for something great.

Roleplaying Hints: You are extremely

humble, knowing that you have it much
"2 better than most metis of your tribe. You
use your position to better their lot also.
Although you do not ingratiate yourself to
others, neither do you deny their company.
> Equipment: Tradi-
tional medicine robes,
staff, medicine pouch
with tobacco, sage
and pipe.

|


= —"s. <3

Name: Breed: VMetis Pack Name: b
Player: Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem: A
Chronicle: Be) Concept: Wounded Prophet
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000) Charisma @e0@00 = Perception. mano
Dexterity. @@000 = Manipulation. @@@00 Intelligence
Stamina @e@0e00 az. Abilitie. e@000) (Wits. a
Calents Chile Knowledges
Alertness @0000_ Animal a? @0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 Drive 00000 — Enigmas, @e000
Brawl. 00000 _ Etiquette. @@0@00 Investigation. 00000
Dodge Firearms 00000 | Law. 00000
Empathy. Leadership. 00000 Linguistics, @0000
Expression. Melee. 00000 Medicine. @@000
Intimidation Performance. @@000 = Occult @e@e@00
Primal-Urge Repair. 00000 Politics, @0000
Streetwise. Stealth. 00000 §$Rituals__————— @@@00
Subterfuge. Survival @0000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
ast Life @@000 = _Sense Wyrm
Rites @OC00 = _ Spirit Gycech
00000 Call the Breeze
00000
00000
~ Renown Rage Health
Glory @e@00000000 a ; 3
9o000000000 urt -
Doda pooee- SPSRRGSSRo ine 1) /d
Honor ~ Gnosis Wounded = -2 Q
0000000000 eeeee00000 Male' g- 8
9000000000 ia A de =
Wisdonn QNOO0000o000 Incapacitated QO
@e2e0000000 -Willpower Weakness
OQOOOOOOOOO egeee50ee0000 WHEEL OF SEASONS:
ee Rank WEAKNESS VARIES
ODO00000000 BY SEASON


— 2A
Federal Marshal

Quote: Are you going to come with me willingly or am I going to have to break some teeth? And don't even think about shooting that
gun — it might make me angry...

Prelude: Your mother was Native American and your father Asian-American. For years, you had no idea what that made
you. Your mother was ashamed of her heritage (like a lot of Indians of her generation), and your father was gung-ho American
Dream, intent on leaving his Vietnamese past far behind him. They were both achievers, however, and built you a good home
with strong prospects.

Maybe it was the lack of any roots that drew you to
federal law enforcement — that and a good sense of rightand

wrong. The climate of political correctness, your minority
statusand yourgenuine ability catapulted youthrough
the ranks, even though it seemed that a lot of your
cases involved photo ops with high officials.

But on all those questionnaires throughout your career,
you checked the "Asian-American" box rather than "Na-
tive American," which is why they eventually assigned
you to some rather nasty cases in "Indian Country," as
the old-timers called it. If they knew you were Native,
you would have been assigned elsewhere — here they
wanted another minority, someone whowasn't white

but who wasn't Native, either.
>, During your first case, which involved some
"Skinchanger" murders, as the locals called them,
you underwent a belated First Change and
entered a world your parents and their parents
before them had long ago refused — the
x world of the Garou and the war against the

Wyrm.

You now realize that everything
you once knew is wrong. You're a
Wendigo, butone with a good job in
thewasichu world, ajobyouintend

——

to use to battle the Wyrm in.a
way no one else among your
peoplecan. In fact, you're seek-
D ing a transfer to some obscure
FBI divisioneuphemistically called
Project Twilight...

Concept: You're a Wendigo agent in
the federal government, fully licensed to
carry a gun and serve warrants on of-
fenders — especially Wyrm servitors.

Roleplaying Hints: Your train-
ing has taught you a no-non-
sense, professional demeanor.
You still act the part, but your
rediscovered heritage ex-
cites you to no end.
Keeping it a secret
from your coworkers
is going to be tough.

Equipment: Bulletproof vest,
automatic pistol, marshal's badge.

|


oo "Wenavc0 : =3

Name: Breed: #Homid Pack Name: A
Player: Auspice: Phitodow Pack Totem: A,
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Federal Marshal
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000 = = Charisma. @@000 Perception. ©0000
Dexterity. @@@00 = Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence @e@0@00
Stamina @@@00 = Appearance @e@000_) (Wits. @e@000
wn eu Abilities
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@000 = Animal Ken @@000 Computer @0000
Athletics @@000 Drive 00000 _— Enigmas 00000
Brawl. 00000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation.
Dodge. @0000 Firearms. @e000 Law
Empathy. @0000 Leadership. @0000 Linguistics |
Expression. 00000 Melee 00000 Medicine 1
Intimidation @0000 Performance. 00000 = Occult,
Primal-Urge. 00000 _ Repair. @0000 Politics
Streetwise. @@@00 = Stealth, @@000 Rituals
Subterfuge. @0000 Survival 00000 _ Science.
Backgrounds Gifts Gitts
Allies @0e0@00 3 Lersuasion
Past Life @0000 = Trath of Gaia
Totem @0000 = Camonflage
00000
00000
Renown Health
Glory Sealer ao ene Bruised a |
Oo000000000 Hurt -l Q
ppoonome@ag TSSRS aoe ied A
Honor ~ Gnosis Wounded 2 Qa iL
©©8©0000000 egoo0000000 Mailed 2 8
o000000000 eps
Wisden OQO00000000 Incapacitated Qa
0000000000 -Willpower ——— Weakness ———
WA gog000 "A 0000 WHEEL OF SEASONS:
2 Rank Oe Se80 0 ESS S WEAKNESS VARIES
Q000000000 BY SEASON

naa

a elas.


a sieratiesieiatetidiimeienteeneriiditanatatten ammenities ienataenaietied 2

ae AA

Powwow (Dancer

Quote: Ha'eye'ya he'yeye'! Ha'eye'ya he'yeye'!

Prelude: You were born of the wolf-people, a lupus.
After your First Change, the Wendigo wolf-changers
brought you to a Native reservation near a caern. Your
first glimpse of humans was at a powwow, a gathering of
the human tribes. There, in a converted gymnasium,
they danced, dressed in colors and feathers, and chanted
their thanks. You wanted more than anything to be like
them, to dance for Grandmother and chant songs to Her.

While you learned the ways of the wolf-changers,
you also studied the ways of the humans who lived
nearby. Although they thought you a bit,odd
(they called you "slow"), some of them adopted
you and taught you their dances. Eventu-
ally, they let you dance with them in a
costume of your own: Your agility amazed
them all, as did the passion with which
you sang and twirled. You quickly
became a favorite.

and others. As much as you like to hunt the Horned
Serpent People with your pack, you hate it when it draws
you away from the powwow circuit. Therefore, your pack
decided to travel the circuit with you to aid Natives
against the Wyrm wherever you all go.

Concept: You're a wolf in love with sacred, ceremo-
nial dance. Ancient stories come to life when you enact
ritual dances. You have won many prizes, but care little
for them — it is the actual dancing you enjoy.

Roleplaying Hints: You're not very talkative — you
are a lupus, after all. You communicate best through

gesture. You have recently tried incorporating your
~ dancing into combat. Doing so has im-
SS proved your ability to avoid enemy
blows, and even to confuse enemies

at times.

Equipment: The only thing
you own is your dancing out-
fit: a colorful shirt, loincloth
and leggings, all adorned
with ribbons and feathers.

You now know many dances:

the hoop dance, the deer dance

You also have
an eagle-
feather fan
and some
hoops.


Player:
Chronicle:

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:
Concept: Pocwivorw Dancer

Physical
Strength. @@000
Dexterity. @e@e00
Stamina____——@eeoo

Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Gattiard
Camp:
Social
Charisma. e@00
Manipulation. fore)

Appearance____

eo 3 Wits

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence

@@000
@000
@@000

vsomisanii as" carla Abilities momen

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @0000_ Animal ng @@000 Computer. 00000
Athletics @@@e00 Drive OQO0000 _ Enigmas. @0000
Brawl. @0000 Etiquette. QO000 Investigation. @0000
Dodge @@ee00 = Firearms. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000 Leadership. 00000 Linguistics. @0000
Expression @@0@00_~ Melee. 00000 Medicine @0000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance_____—@@@00 = Occult @@000
Primal-Urge. @e000 Repair. 00000 Politics, ___00000
Streetwise. 00000 _ Stealth @@000 Rituals @@000
Subterfuge. 00000 | Survival____———@@o00 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Fatish @0000 Leap of the Kangaroo
Alties @0000 Catt the Wytd
Pure Breed @@000 Call of the Breeze
_Totem @0000 ) Balance
Rites @@000
Renown Rage Health
Glory @e2ee000000 aay °
@e@eo0oo0o000000 urt -
GER a oacoe ee ee ited 1
Honor ~ Gnosis Wounded -2
0000000000 Manledyy 2
eeee000000 Crippled 5 )6hOO
De CE OREO GO! "Acai a
Wisdom ncapacitates
®000000000 Willpower Weakness ———
QoOoOOoOoO00000 oo WHEEL OF SEASONS:
= k aha a WEAKNESS VARIES
~ Ran go000000000 BY SEASON

am

ii ey 17

_ Wenoco =3

|


|

Kin Protector

Quote: We sign too many papers. This one to get our
welfare. This one to loan our land. This one to sell it. I will sign
no more papers!

Prelude: More than anything else, the poor state of
your human Kin concerns you. You were born a Native
American on the Pine Ridge reservation, one of the poorest
places in the country. Your grandmother instilled a strong
sense of tradition in you, and you have grown up to fight for
your people's cultural rights, such as the return of land long
ago taken from them wrongfully.

Your grandmother was a wolf-changer, and so are you.
Your First Change came about in violence, during a bar
fight started by drunken wasichu. You'd come to
take your brotherhome, forhe was drunk,
but the wasichu wanted to fight. In
the dark parking lot, they
smashed a beer bottle across
your face for ignoring
them, and you lost all
They
screamed as they saw
the giant battle-form
loom before them,
they died
screaming.

control.

and

Your brother
could barely be- |
lieve what had
happened. His //
words calmed
you down, and
you returned
home with him.
But grandmother
knew that the po-

lice would soon

a 2 a

come, and that you had to leave, to live hidden with other
wolf-changers.

It hurts you to have left your family, but you know it
must be so. You have since sworn to protect your Kinfolk
from what the wasichu do to them, and what the Horned
Serpent People do to all people.

Concept: You're a warrior protecting Native Ameri-
can rights. You have little patience or mercy for anyone
who preys on your Kinfolk. Years of empty promises made
to your people have made you bitter. Although you can get
along with other tribes, you have difficulty taking even
their promises and oaths seriously — a flaw you'll eventu-
ally have to overcome.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a stern Garou, and you

take little pleasure from the humorous antics of the
contraries. You always wonder how you can
turn the fate of your people around and
drive the Horned Serpent aw:

Equipment: Jeans, flannel
shirt, baseball hat with an
feather tied to it,
bowie knife.

eagle

A en

62 Wendigo

anes eas //,


a Wenaico <a

Name: Breed: pfomid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: J froun Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Kin Protector

Physical Social Mental
Strength e003 Charisma @0000 ‘Perception. @e@0e00
Dexterity. OO =©Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina, @@e0ee0 = Appearance. e@eeoo§3 (Wits @e@0e00

Talents kills Knowledges
Alertness, @0000 == Animal Ken. @0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. @@000 _—CODrive. 00000 _ Enigmas. 00000
Brawl, @0e00e0 = Etiquette. ©0000 Investigation, @0000
Dodge @0000 | Firearms, @0000 Law @0000
Empathy. 00000 Leadership, @0000 Linguistics @@000
Expression. @0000_ Melee @@@00 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation. @@@00 Performance 00000 = Occult, 00000
Primal-Urge. @@000 Repair. 00000 Politics @0000
Streetwise. @0000 _ Stealth @0000  Rituals__ 0000
Subterfuge. 00000 _ Survival, @@@00 = Science 00000

Bi ackgrounds Gi Hapa Gifts
KRinfotk @e000 Smell of Man
Pure Breed @0000 Razor Claws
Totem @0000 = _Camonflage
00000 _Resist Pain
00000
Renown Rage ~Health
Glory @0e00e0800000 ig ; :
e@eoo0o000000 jurt -
DOGG woe aoe ae  eiped Yee
Honor - Gnosis Wounded 2 QO

©000000000 ego0000000 _~ Mailed ae
o000000000 Shee Seo

Wisden OQO00000000 Incapacitated QO
0000000000 -Willpower —— Weakness ———
ahaa ta and 000000000  WHEELOFSEASONS:

eS Rank sd WEAKNESS VARIES

0OO00000000 BY SEASON

a a

Sy

Tal


Speer rere rere cree ren coer ers a rams aor renee

64

Taken=Brom- Fite had returfteditonis sept and told
his people about the Swange lgdgefhe had visited and
what he had heard thee YE veftyarle was glad of it, fomit
was a sign that the spirits Were still strong and shlD
favored them

That night, as Taken#Ptom.Fire slept wider she
stars by the glowingdtre, djcdpl breeggearte from the
south@nd blew ypOn his fae, into his earsed@ dreamed
thdfnightP@id Ne-o-ga SpOKeROhinvagain, telling him
of thehexoesofhis thibe

Wendigo


thought he was dead and went about for a long time
crying for Myeengun and planning revenge against the
Great Lynx.

But Myeengun was not dead. He tricked the Lynx
and escaped from the waters. He didn't bother to tell
Nana'b'oozo0, though, thinking that his friend should
learn a lesson from it. Later, he revealed himself to his
friend again, but only after he'd had many more adven-
tures of his own, after he'd taught the wolf-changers
what it was like to be wolves.

Shogecka Hunter Moon

Great among\he Wenfligo-People was Shogecka
Hunter Mon. Her war band still exists, for the Warpath
looks to het.as itsancestor and sw@ars its oaths in her
name.

She*foiight alongsid€ Tecumseh ande@athered a
loyal bandjofiGarerty blood®eathéd it follow her. When
Tecumseh fell} she still cartied on thewar. Many Horned
Serpent People wishshe had'neVer lived, for they would
perhaps still be alivé today were it not for her and her
warriors.

Myeengun

Long ago, well before the wasichu came to this land
and the Croatan died, there was a Pure One child who
wandered away from his home and became lost. He was
found by wolves and raised by them. Eventually, he
became a wolf himself

This was in the long-ago times, when Beings were
notas set in their ways as they are now, and people could
change into other people. Not just wolf-changers or the
Ones Who Dream could do this thing, but anyone who
met a magical being or lived a magical life could as well

My

ngun was one such person

Because he was bert'st@human, he knew human
ways, and becauseghte became a Walf and was raised by
them, he knew their ways also. Hegwasia famous wolf. He
returned to his humah.familyedttema time and became
friends with Naiya'bi60zoo, a sillys6utlikable oneffa
person with @great destiny

Nana'6'ooz00 did Many géeat things, but they came
about not because he willed"them, but almost by acci-
dent. He was a lucky oneQneé, he dared Myeengun into
crossing the ice wheff#ewas too thin. Myeengun fell in

Ny and was sucked down to the realm of Mishi-bizheu, the

Great Lynx who lived under the water. Nana'b'ooz00

/ gu amas

Mask Maker

Mask Maker lived in the times of Shogecka Hunter
Moon, although he was a cub when she first began to
fight. He was an angalkuq, one wise in the ways of the
False Faces, the masks representing healing spirits. Ic is
said thathe could carve amask inone nightand from any
wood. Spirits came tg ltvelin fhegeytmasks, and he had one
for every king 3€ poweh irhaginnl| //

He traveledtahie sguth hdd Ave
and learn theisavayse itawas & 6
did not know-how-to E
shooting each othemall t
west." O «

J >

Mask Maker‘indihis Uktena fi ed their masks
to scare the Horfied'S@rpent People arithmany wasichu
also. Some saythgethough i Se Bone, his masks
still exist, buried? sofgeWhere inthe Mand of canyons to
the southwest or jp YAggnouncgins Waere the Pumonca

Pr

\

in the Uktena
forthe wasichu
eyeWent around
éd it the "wild

once lived.

»

Evan Heals-the-Past

Evan is renowned among the other wolf-changers
for aiding their king, Albrecht of the Silver Fangs.
Because of this union, the Silver Fangs now listen to your
tribe's counsels.

Many of your people distrusted him when he first
came to his heritage, for he appears to be a wasichu. His

Native and wolf-changer great-grandparents can barely

be seen in his face, but they are in his blood. For this
reason, he has had to work harder to prove himself
among the Wendigo-People, but the spirits accept him.


John Blackfeather (Crue Arrow)

Many wasichu have heard of and seen John
Blackfeather, for he is an actor in their movies. He was

once an activist for Native American rights, but has
since decided to teach his people's ways in movies,
which all wasichu can understand. He has won awards.

What few wasichu know is that he is a Wendigo
wolf-changer, and that he fights the Horned Serpent in
the movie industry. Sometimes, you may hear of a death
on a movie set. It is not always an accident. Often, it is
the justice of True Arrow, the name by which we know
John Blackfeather.

He has manysenemies, some of them from the days
when hedfought for Native rights on the reservations.
The Horned.Serpent has many servants in these places,
and they wish to destroy Prue Arrow and his pack.Sefar,
they hayesnot been able to/do so.

Shadow Walker

He is one of the greatest warriors among us, for he
has often counted many coup against the Horned Ser-
pent People who pretend to be wasichu. He killed many
of the leaders of the Pentex company, and for this they
hate him and offer great rewards for evidence of his
death. But they have never found him. He is very crafty,
and even we cannot always find him.

He walks in a sacred manner and has many friends
among the manitous. They help him to escape when he
plays tricks on his enemies. It is as if he was never there.
He also calls upon his friends to aid the wolves that run
wild and free. He willyswwear revenge on anyone who
harms them. Hee

ur:


a AA,

Maq'pe-Luta (Red Cloud)

This great warrior has received much renown for

slaying Horned Serpent People who prey on the Natives
of the Dakotas. fe Horned Serpent had to be sly to
sichu, and

harm Red Cloud, sole whispered to the w:
the weak ones in the gOyesnment listened.

They accused Red lam of killing innocent people,
althofighyrhis waisetor true (They have tried to catch him
eveP Singejrelling all thé Natives that he is a crimjnal
who mus®be brought to jugticefBut they are the Gfishi-
nals, féllowing the Hormed.S' ws lies raff@f than
listefing toyrhe eae Grandmother gaye them.

He eWadeshet for now, given shelterby many who
follow his cause¥He is always omthe move, going where
he JS)needed throughout/Wendigellands. Perhaps one
day you will meet him and fight beside him.

There are many mogeameestors AN hiving heroes to
speak of, But their tales\Will be told latemNow you must
sleep and/gtow your strength, for you have many battles

before you.
There will come a day when all will be as it once was,
and you will cry: "A'gali-ye! They have returned!"

Sere earn ere cere arent arr one remnant

Wendigo

area


Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: a Concept:

Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000- Charisma @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. @0000 = Manipulation @0000 _Intelligence__——— @70 000
Stamina_______ @0000 += Appearance_____ @0000 ~~ Wits @0000

Seer ee Sa Abilities ee ae

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness 00000 Animal eee 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 | Drive. 00000 _— Enigmas 00000
Brawl 00000 _ Etiquette. 00000 Investigation 00000
Dodge 00000 Firearms. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000 Leadership 00000 Linguistics 00000
Expression. 00000 Melee 00000. Medicine 00000
Intimidation 00000 Performance 00000) Occult 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 — Repair. 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise, 00000 _ Stealth, 00000 Rituals. 00000
Subterfuge____ =~ 90000 Survival 00000 Science. 00000

Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
00000
OO0000
OO0000
OOO00O0
OO000O0
Renown Rage ~Health
Glory 0000000000 eae :
90000000000 urt 1
ONOO0O000000 a dts ceed Injured 1 Q
Honor ~ Gnosis Wounded 2 QO
O90D0D0DD0DD0DOO QQg00000000 Mauled 2 Qa
Qoo00000000 Crippled 5 0

Tider OQO00000000 Incapacitated Q
0000000000 -Willpower-——— ———-Weakness ——
ogQn0onOoOOonOOoOO0O0O0O00 WHEEL OF SEASONS:

"a Rank

o000000000
ODOO0000000

WEAKNESS VARIES
BY SEASON

—— a <a

|


——Homid—e —— Glabro ew [NOS meme His pombe mam LPS mae
Strength (+2)___ Strength(+3)____ Strength(+1)___
Stamina (+2) )__ Dexterity (+2)____ Dexterity (+2)__
Stamina(+3)___—s Stamina (+2)____
Manipulation (-3)___
womans Other Craitsmambflednar ALA FetishesrwamcarnanreLaratonsr
EOL KD) Item: QDedicated Level____ Gnosis__
a Bs eS a TS ETO C1010) Power:
a on eee ee 019,000) Item:_______— Dedicated Level___ Gnosis___
ee EDO OOO) Power:
fa eS EEE OOOO) Ttem:. ODedicated Level____ Gnosis__
SN OOOO, Power:
a es 010000) 17th Rites wevmommrnemremiLoatonar
00000
00000 :
00000 NN
00000 ‘\
00000
00000
00000
OO0000
Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty} Damage |Range| Rate | Clip Brawling Chart
Maneuver Roll ——-Diff_-Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 Strength+It
Body Slam Dex+Brawl 7 Special
Claw ext Brawl 6 © Strength#2t
Grapple Dex+Brawl 6 Strength
Kick © Dex+Brawl 7 Strength+1
Punch Dex+Brawl 6 Strength
These maneuvers do aggravated damage.
| Armor:

A


Demeanor:

Merits & Flaws mem Lratonar

Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus

—-Expanded Background ———Loatonar

Allies Pack Totem

Kinfolk Past Life

Mentor Pure Breed

A LLPOSSESSIONS remem Loraernar ALEX DETICNCE ammmnemeLoraornar
Gear (Carried): TOTAL:

Gained From:

Equipment (Owned):

hia SC pt nernnremneeLotirnar

Name:

Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:

Level: Type: SpentOn:
Totem:

Leader:

enn ey


co . HON —S —s

Prelude

wma

Sex:

Height | Weight

Homid:

Glabro: Battle Scars:

Crinos

Metis Deformity:

Seles ee hu Lj sual: & aout semmnmeinatioaner

Pack Chart Character Sketch

———


Hear nity voice, Manitou of Wind!
I prepare for war;

T see you enter the enemy's ldir;

I see You ignore all his wards;
Like you Dishallgoz

I wish your Mnusible swiftness;

I wish the vengeance of your thunder;
I muster my pack;

Lfollow4our flight.

Mo, you young Garou warriors,

Bear your rage to the place of fighting!

Here on my breast,have I bled!

See — see! these are battle-scars!

Monsters tremble at myhowl!

I fight for Muzzu-Kummik-Quae.

I fight for the Earth Mother.
Wendigo War Song

Wendigo Tribebook includes:

° The history, culu@€ and goals oftfitl
warlike Wendigo

* New Gifts, rites, fetishes, totems, and more
weapons for the warriors of the Pure Lands

Five ready-to-play Wendigo, a "Legends of the
Gatét" comic book, and more

WHITE WOLF

i

Printed in Canada
