# File: Wendigo (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

wl



‘£5

Russell had a ‘joke: "Y'know what the top three
causes of death. are-for biologists? Animal attacks,
helicopter -crashes .and exposure... That's why I'm a
botanist..I study plants, :on the ground, in a -green-
house."

It wasn't.a very good joke, but somehow, the way
he told it had always made Meena laugh. But it wasn't
a chopper they'd .crashed,.-it. was a.jeep: The cold
wouldn't have been a problem if Herby hadn't wasted
adozen-matches trying to burn frozen newspaper, and
she sure as hell wasn't laughing now.

Russell.was outside still —- blood frozen no doubt;
his eyeballs frosted over. Meena huddled déeper into
the nest of newspaper buridles. The radio was-dead;
Herby was still working on getting a fire started. Laura
moaned under the tent they'd wrapped her in, clutch-
ing the stump of her right arm: It had bitten her hand
clean.off..Just chomp and it was gone. Ther: -— and
Meeria would swear to this though it made her ques-
tion her own sanity ~~ the thing had smiled at them
and loped off. The next night, it killed Russéll. The day
after, Will went for help and never came back..The
thing did though, and howled all night.

The wood ran out a few hours ago; arid though she
and' Herby had-dug up these rotted old newspapers,
they were so frozen that even if they did-get them
thawed they would never catch fire. That hadn't kept

Whinfer

Herby from trying. They had three matches left, one of
them broken; and no hope at all..Darkness would be
here soon; and that thing with it. There wasn't much
left todo but wait. It would be easier if Laura would quit
moaning.

oe ee @

Fisher, Ahroun of the Wendigo; saton a log, Cuts-
the-Knot's knife in his hand. The Ragabash had died
quietly; the poison from the fomor's bite had stilled his
heart.. This hunt had become the hardest in a life of
hard hunts. Fisher leaned forward, elbows on his knees,
face inhis palms. The hilt of the knife pressed painfully
into his forehead. Four days.ago there were five in
Fisher's pack..Today only he remained.

QOuietly, he began-to sing their names and some
small portion of their deeds. Two Trees and Little Pin
had died three days ago, burned. to death by the thing
that came out of the gas mine to meet them. What was
left of them stank and crackled, but he had embraced
each before leaving their bodies behind. Looks-Twice
stopped to help.two-of the People —— attacked,~ it
seemed, by angry whites..The Half-Moon had mose
grace than wits.- The woman -ate his head. in.one
monstrous bite while the man. tore his body to shreds
with tentacles that grew from his belly. Fisher had the
woman down in a heartbeat,-but Cuts-the-Knot had
trouble with the man. Quick enough, the fomor went

2 VWrend igo


down in the snow, but tentacles were not all he had..A
barbed tongue struck the werewolf on the cheek and
gave him his death. Fisher crushed the fomor with one
great foot, but he was too late.. Even the Ghost Bear,
who was their totem; could do nothing to stop the
poison that killed Cuts-the-Knot.

Even now, as Fisher sang their dirge, the Ghost
Bear came to-him.-It hovered over the body of the
Ragabash as Fisher cut off his long hair with his dead
friend's knife... When the song was finished, the cer-
emony done,-the spirit spoke to him in his heart.

You are only the wind now, Wendigo: Go — and
decide. Then the spirit gathered into its teeth the spirit
of Cuts-the-Knot and disappeared into the trees.

* * @®

Breaks-the-Bear lay in the snow, tail thrown over
his nose against the cold. He had never felt it so much
as now,never in his life: The corpse of his-prey lay
nearby, where it had fallen, freezing. Hunger gnawed
at his belly. It was a-hard winter and food had been
scarce as they ran.

Four had-set out on the warpath. Four had taken
the sacred vow —— to kill every white that dared to set
foot on Wendigo-land,.or die trying. The time had
come; there would be no more waiting or talking or
dancing. Breaks-the-Bear and his pack would free the
Pure Lands of the W/yrmbringers or they would go toa
warrior's grave... The others had fallen from the true
path, but it wasasmall sin. Hunger struck them all, but
Breaks-the-Bear had known hunger before and bore it
easily. The others gave in and ate of their kills.. At first,
justa mouthful to keep the hunger at bay. Soon enough
though, they were filling their bellies.

But Breaks-the-Bear was pure and he would stay
that way. Pure in Wendigo,-in his rage, and in his
hatred for the whites. The hunger grew and it troubled
his dreams. His belly ached and though killing the
invaders quenched the hunger of his heart, his belly
only grew more and more empty. The corpse of the
man he had killed earlier that day lay a few yards away,
still steaming in the snow. He had run like a deer when
he saw the great. white wolf creep out of the trees.
Looked like a deer as he ran,-eyes white-rimmed and
wide, nostrils streaming vapor. Smelled like deer as
Breaks-the-Bear knocked his feét out from-under him
and tore open his belly.

The Garou shook such thoughts ‘from his mind
and flipped the fur of his tail over his eyes. He needed
sleep.

Breaks-the-Bear slept, and his drearns were trouble-
some.

He was back on the mountain, after his pack had
killed the surveyors... The blood was still red on their
muzzles.as they climbed. Their trail took them up a
perilous path, around a steep peak on a narrow goat-
trail. Spearthrower was third as the pack walked single
file along the ledge. The wind rose from nowhere,
blowing snow and ice in their faces. Breaks-the-Bear
and Red Salmon leaned close against the rock face.
Falls Apart hunkered down behind a stone. But
Spearthrower could find no. shelter... The ledge was
narrow where he stood, and the cliff wall above leaned
far out. He made no sound as he fell, but looked up at
his packmates,.eyes black and knowing. His bones
broke on the rocks below and his life ran out all around
him. Red Salmon howled once, and the pack moved
on again in silence.

Breaks-the-Bear stirred. Hunger was a knife in his
belly..The smell of the man's blood was strong. The
Ahroun's mouth filled with saliva but he pushed back
the pangs and sank-again: into sleep and troubling
dreams.

They weré on the lake, the carcasses of the loggers
lying half-eaten in the snow..Red Salmon had filled
her belly already and had moved away to smell some-
thing she had caught on the wind. Falls Apart ate still,
while Breaks-the-Bear lay curled in the snow, watch-
ing his packmate feed. The ice cracked like thunder —~
in a-heartbeat, Red Salmon. was gone.. Falls Apart
cowered over his meal whining like a pup, but Breaks-
the-Bear got up and went to the edge of the hole that
had operied in the ice and looked in. There, far below
was Red Salmon, .a-piece of ice pinning her to the
bottom, her éyes full of surprise. Behind him, Falls
Apart howled once and rose from his kill: Together,
they ran from the lake and into the trees.

Breaks-the-Bear woke again, the hunger a fire of
cold flame that filled his belly with emptiness. Still half
in-sleep, he crawled toward the carcass and worried at
the clothes that covered it.'Teeth bared, he licked at
the blood and sneézed. No. Sleep, he thought. I must
sleep: Tonight I will need my strength to hunt. And so he
slept, and dreamed a third time.

They had heard the helicopter miles*away-. Heli-
copters meant white men, and so they followed the
sound to where the men were shooting caribou with
darts. Falls Apart had said, "Call the wind,.and throw
their machine to the earth that we may kill them."
And so Breaks-the-Bear called the wind and it threw
the white men's helicopter to~the ground. One was
dead when they got there, the other screamed for the
loss of its leg, torn away inthe fall. Falls Apart fell on

Legends of the Garou: Kiffing Winter


thé corpse and gorged himself while Breaks-the-Béar
crushed the screaming man's throat in. one terrible
hand. When the man was dead, Breaks-the-Bear turned
to Falls Apart. "Come — the caribou run. We must
hunt or starve." But Falls Apart did not turn from the
corpse. "There is meat here, Ahroun. We need not run
to catch it. Eat and you will be filled." But Breaks-the-
Bear gnashed his teeth, for the caribou were gone from
sight, and he would not eat of the men. That night, as
they lay down to sleep, a great blizzard arose and the
wind grew cold. When he awoke the next day, Breaks-
the-Bear lay beneath a foot of snow. Falls Apart did not
stir at-his calling. When Breaks-the-Bear dug down
through the snow and found the no-moon, he found
only ice, for Falls Apart was frozen through and through,
his eyes wide with terror. Breaks-the-Bear did not
howl]. He only threw snow over the corpse and ran.on.

When Breaks-the-Bear woke the third tirne he did
not know he woke, for the hunger was so great in him
that he did not know himself. He smelled the blood
and tasted the meat and soon his belly was full. His
hunger sated, his strength returned, Breaks-the-Bear's
vow beckoned him and he turned and ran back toward
the shack. Tonight, three more would die and his lands
would be free of their touch.

2» « oe

Laura diéd just before nightfall, and she was none
too quiet about it.

Herby had begin stacking oil drums up against the
doot and windows.. When they were all moved, he
began stacking everything else in the little shack on
top of them. Meena tried to tell him it was useless.
They'd all seen the thing outside —— like a wolf, but big
as a horse, with shoulders so wide Meena wasall but
certain it could knock down-the steel shack without
even trying. Herby didn't listen, or didn't hear. He just
kept ‘moving things and muttering to himself. "Not
me, man...no way 'm dog food. Ha! Herb Alpo: Nope.
Got-no brass band, no Ed McMahon. Not gonna get
me, goddammit. No way." Meena went back to-her
nest of newspapers and huddled into the faint warmth
she'd made:

Herby was shoving scraps of his parka-into the
cracks between the drums when Laura started gasping.
Her eyes were big as saucers and her remaining hand
clutched at the tent that lay over her. She waved the
stump of her right hand like a torch — it had started
bleeding again and blood spattered the walls and floor
in broad arcs as she thrashed. The fit ended suddenly.
She was gasping and waving and clutching, and then
she just sucked a lungful of air, arched her back,-and
died. Her breath fled in a ghastly, half-hearted sort of
scream that sounded like some schoolyard mockery of

terror and ended in a wet, pathetic rattle. Herby and
Meena looked at each other at the very same moment.
Each had frozen' in place to watch their friend die.
Now, Herby went -back to his labors, arranging the
debris that constituted his crude wall and mumbling.
Meena watched the light coming in through the cracks
in the walls die, and wept.
2s © ©@

Fisher ran. His quarry had no fear, no concern for
what might follow them both; nor, he supposed, for
what might lie ahead of them. The sun sank slowly,
and the cold fell from the sky like a blanket of death.
Fisher sought in his heart for the gifts Great Wendigo
had taught him —~ the charm.to turn the wind, thesong
to warm the flesh —— and found nothing. He would face
this alone, his pack undone, their totem gone to carry
their spirits to the lands of their ancestors, abandoned
by the patron of his tribe. So be it, he thought. If this is
tobe my death, ] will meetit as awarrior of my people. And
yet, for all his resolve, anagging doubt lay in his belly.
What wrong have I done that Great Wendigo would send
me to die?

.* oe @

Breaks-The-Bear lost track of time before coming
upon the steel shack. He smelled them. The first he
had killed grew ripe, even in the dead of winter, though
the-apes inside would not smell it. Breaks-the-Bear
savored the reek. It smelled to him. of justice,.of
vengeance, and he reveled in it. He bent his neck ashe
neared the corpse and lapped at the frozen blood. The
strength had gone from it, but the-flavor lingered.
Tongue hanging from his jaws; lips drawn-up in.a
terrible grin, Breaks-the-Bear crossed the few yards to
the shack and gave‘it a-shove..Another has died, he
thought. Only two, now — but they will be sweet. Inside;
the male begin to gibber, the.terror of what lurked
outside driving him to madness. Breaks-The-Bear's
grin grew wider. He leaned against the rickety building
and walked widdershins around it. The Garou's fur
made a rough, hissing noise as he dragged it across the
rippled steel.

The man inside began shrieking.. The woman
bellowed at him to be quiet but he had slipped well past
reason. Breaks-the-Bear laughed as wolves do; throw-
ing back his head and raising his voice in chorus with
the madman inside his rickety steel cave: The howl
split the growing night. The man inside gave one last
shriek and fell silent. The woman made nosoundatall,
but Breaks-the-Bear could see her. She thought herself
hidden behind her metal walls, peeking througha hole
in the rusted steel. But Breaks-the-Bear had not lived
so long blind. He saw her and she saw him, for he stood
in the open, white snow all around and the moonasfull

4 Wendigos


as a birthing mother, bathing himyin light and stoking
the rage within him: He gave-a yip, a puppy's cry of
delight.. We shall play your game, little doe. Breaks-the-
Bear circled, turned away from the shack, and trotted
casually to where he stood in fullest moonlight.

Slowly, he turned again and let his form flow..He
rose and became aman, his parka thick, his breeches
warm, his mukluks black with the blood of his kills. He
stniled as the eye peering out at him grew wide and
white-rimmed. "Do you see me?" He called. "Do you
see me; little doé? I see you." Hé smiled and let the
change come again; but slow. He rose, : parka -and
mukluks replaced by fur and claws. He rose still higher
until he stood near ten feet tall and bristled with ivory
fur. He smiled a wolf's smile, but the woman's eye was
gone. No matter, he laughed. I will come in and see you,
little doe. And the strength of your heart will join my own.
He crosséd the little space to the shack, jaws dripping
at the promise of fresh meat. With one mighty sweep
of his arms, he tore down the wall:

ee

Herby wouldn't stop screaming. The thing had
come back as the sun ‘went down, just as Meena knew
it would. It teased them, circling the shack, scraping its
sides against the steel walls. It taunted them, she was
sure. She hadn't the strength to muster reason to deny
ite It enjoyed their terror, and it was all that Meena
could do to keep from shrieking herself. Instead she
yelled — yelled herself hoarse. She did not know what
she said but she said it loudly and often as the thing
outside the door howled in the moonlight. Inthe end
Herby did stop screaming..His eyes grew wide but he
did not see. His. mouth hung open but he made no
sound. His mind had snapped and dragged him down,
away from the horror, until he did not know his way
back out again:

Meena found herself howling into silence. The
shock of realization quieted her instantly. There was
no sound, no sound at all but the ragged gasps of her
breath and the slow, senseless rasp of Herby's. They sat
that way foran endless moment before Meenascrambled
to her knees and crossed to the wall where rust had
worn a hole big enough for her to see out. It had not
left. It stood out there, big asa horse, and leered at her.
Its eyes spoke to her, but she did not understand their
language. It turned as if to leave but only circled away
to a place where it stood full in the light of rhe moon.
Then it was gone; and a-man-stood in its place. An
Inuit man.in furs and mittens with a mustache-and
laughing eyes..Meena: trembled. but. she could not
move. She did not understand. She could not think of
where he had come from,-or where the monster had
gone. He spoke in his own tongue and Meena did not

understand that either. But when he changed, she
knew: Death had come for her. Her breath left her. She
emptied bladder and bowels, but she could not move.
She fell away from the wall, eyes white with terror at
the sight of the thing outside, and shé wished she could
scream. She heard its mighty feet in the snow outside,
heard it take a great breath, and then the- wall was
swept aside and the moonlight poured in. Death itself
stood before her in yellowed fur and golden eyes.

Ass the thing stooped to take her, its jaws dripping
with hunger, something stopped it. A sound, sodistant
she could barely hear it..Meena lay still, waiting for
death, but the thing was taken aback. It withdrew
sharply, ears turned to catch the sound. The monster
took a step backward, then twowlIt looked at Meena
again, gnashed its teeth and smiled its killer's smile,
and then it was gone —— become aman again, fleeing
through the trees toward the sound of distant howling.

- =. =

Fishér saw the sign, smelled thé hare's spoor long
before he saw the hare herself. The moonlight poured
down through the trees, blue shadows stretching over
the snow. The hare had not yet grown her winter coat
and so huddled beneath a leafless bush. in hopes her
brown. fur would hide her. Fisher was too wise. He saw
the hare and gave chase. Fora full hourthey ran before
the Garou finally caught the hare. She squealed be-
neath his mighty paw.

"Do not eat me; wolf! Please! I have kits in the
warren! It is a good winter. There is thick bark on the
trees. You need not go hungry for long, great wolf. Do
not eat me, I beg of you!"

Fisher gnashed his teeth: He was hungry from his
long run. He snapped his jaws at the hare so she closed
her eyes in fear. "If you will not give me your flesh to
feed my belly you must give me something in its place.
What will you give me little hare?"

The hare trembled and-cried out beneath his foot,
her voice -shrill.."I know where the bear hides his
strength. I know where the elk go to die. What would
you ask of me to'spare my life? Just speak and it will be
so."

Fishérsniffed at her face, her nose and eyes, and up
to' her long, long ears. "Your ears are very large, little
hare..You must héar much."

"Yes! Yes!" She cried.

Fisher baréd his teeth, his spittle dripping into the
lictle hare's face.""Tell me, little hare. What have you
heard?"

The hare spoke for a long time and so Fisher
listened for a long time. When she had finished speak-
ing he lifted his paw. The hare twisted to her feet and

Legends of the Garou: Kilfing Winter


ran-a little way away. She stopped under a spruce tree
and watched the wolf between its needles. There was
pity in her eyes for she had given him no good news; but
that was the way of things in winter.

Fisher began to run again, his belly forgotten, for
it was his heart that ached with the little hare's news.
He ran, but he did not want to. Behind him,-the hare
turned and ran home to her warren and fed her kits.
The summery was far away.

2 @ @

Breaks-the-Bear ran pell-mell through the woods.
He knew that sound —~ Garou. It was the howl of
introduction. . Homid, Wendigo, -Ahroun -— and he,
yes he, was here seeking Breaks-the-Bear. Breaks-the-
Bear snarled, I need no allies in this. Wendigo has made me
pure with the deaths of my pack. I alone am worthy of his
quest. "I alone," he said. He foiind for ‘himself a great
club and sat in the clearing where he had made his bed
the day before: "I alone," he said again. "I alone..."

Fisher approached the clearing in Homid form; for
that was all that was left to him. He clutched his parka
and boots tight against the bitter cold. He had never
felt it before so keenly. He was Wendigo. The ice and
snow were as meat and drink to him. But Fisher knew
why he suffered —— the little hare had told him and it
weighed heavy on his heart.

coat of sealskin and leggings of the same. When he
spoke, his words were slow and measured. "I am Breaks-
The-Bear, warrior of the Wendigo, and this is my
place." His eyes were black and hooded, but Fisher saw
his true nature keenly.

"Tam called Fisher. 1-too'am a warrior of the
Wendigo. [thank you for your welcome. Will you not
make a fire for us, that we might sit and ralk? It is cold
and Ihave not eaten in many days."

Breaks-the-Bear sneered, "You-say ~you- are
Wendigo? Great Wendigo does not feel the cold. I
need no fire. Make one yourself." :

Fisher spoke slowly, "You say you need no fire, but
lsee from the tremorin your hands that you do. Yousay
Great Wendigo does not feel the cold, and yet —— you
do. lask you to make a fire for Icannot, and I know that
you cannot either. 1 have learned much rurining after
you, Breaks-the-Bear."

Breaks-the-Bear clutched at the club he held be-
hind his back.."Tell me then, Fisher -—— what have you
learned? Why do you run after me?"

"We saw many strange things, my pack and I. We
saw a gas well left uncapped and burning, and the men
that might have tended it lying dead all around."


Breaks-the-Bear ‘leaned: forward, his eyes eager
with pride. "Yes! My pack killed them! We slew the
defilers of the land and left their bodies to rot."

Fisher continued solemnly, "A creature of balefire
arose from that well to ambush‘tis. Had not two of my
packmates thrown themselves upon it, we might all
have died.-Had the engineérs only completed their
task and capped the well, perhaps it would have never
been loosed upon the world."

The other Ahroun scowled and withdrew again.
"You-cheapen the glory of their deaths with such
words."

Fisher only shook his head and continued. "We
came upon two people that said they were of
Athabaskan blood."

Breaks-the-Bear leaned forward again. "Yes! My
pack rescued therm! We killed the whites that pursued
them!"

The younger Ahroun spoke quietly. "The whites
were but a group of carnpers ~~ the People had suffered
the touch of the Wyrm.and served it: The woman ate
our half-moon's head before I could kill her. The man
killed my oldest friend with one lash of his envenomed
tongue béfore I crushed the life out of him." Breaks-
the-Bear shook his head, confusion and rage warring
for his thoughts.

Fisher continued, his voice héavy: "I saw oil hunt-
ets on the path. Killed, their carcasses gnawed upon:
And awolf I knew to be Wendigo at the bottom of a
cliff. I saw forest rangers slain, their bodies eaten, and
a-woman at the bottom of a lake. I saw a helicopter,
smoking on the tundra; the pilot and scientist killed.
They too had been eaten. And I found a wolf frozen
through..and..through,. his eyes wide and ¢ frightful.
These are most curious things to see running after you,
don't you think, Breaks-the-Bear?"

Breaks-the-Bear clutched his Cudgel and lowéred
his head. as he spoke. "You said that you have not eaten
in many days.:1.am-‘shamed for lack of hospitality. I
killed a deer here — it lies just there beneath the snow:
I have eaten some; but much remains. You may eat of
it as you need."

Fisher shook his head sadly. "It is rio deer, Breaks-
the-Bear, but the flesh of aman you have eaten, and I
will not run down that path."

Rage finally won out in Breaks-the-Bear's mind -——
cold, bright rage. Breaks-the-Bear looked at the man
lying dead beneath the snow, and a veil was lifted from
his eyes. He saw the truth of Fisher's tale but he was not
-ashamed.-The- rage within. bhim.warmed ‘his~flesh.
Breaks-the-Bear brought the club from. behind him

and laid it across his knees. His voice was low as he

spoke. "So it is, but no' mattér. You will eat of it, as I
have, or you are no Wendigo at all."

Fisher's eyes filled with regret and resignation. "I
saw a hare on the road as well, Breaks-the-Bear. It told
me-what it had heard — that Wendigo has departed
from us=~ you and I. That it has been given to ustofind
his path again: That is why I have run after you: That
is why we feel the cold now..That is why we will face
each other as we are, Gaia's gifts and Wendigo's kept
from us. Together, we must choose."

Breaks-the-Bear's anger swelled and burned, his
fist clenched tight over the end of his club... Through
gritted teeth he spoke vin-~a. whisper. "I..alone am
worthy." Fisher did not stand, but leaned forward to
hear, until Breaks-the-Bear's "voice grew louder..."I
alone am worthy!" And finally, howling to the night,
"I alone!" Breaks-the-Bear leapt upon Fisher,-his club
swinging deadly in his hand.

* *

Meena. crépt from the shack, her terror fading
slowly. She had seen a mian, she was certain. There had
been that —- thing —— and then.a man running away-
She could feel the brittleness of her mind even as she
slipped out into the snow. This last glimmer of hope
was all that she had left, and she would find him or die
trying:

She looked fearfully about the cleared space around
the shack for signs of the monster, but saw only
footsteps in the snow and pale,.cold moonlight falling
from above: Perhaps, Meena thought. Perhaps he lured
it awary? This thought bolstered her courage, but intro-
duced a new fear, as well-— she could not let that thing
catch and kill her last hope of rescue. Meena found the
monster's footprints in. the snow,:-though -her mind
recoiled from the very thought of it. She steeled
herself, arid followed them. Soon, they vanished,-re-
placed by the tracks of aman in heavy boots — the
kind the Inuit wear, with no' tread,.but .a-broad,
rounded imprint. She went as quietly as-she could,
following them through the woods.

She felt like she'd walked forever before coming
upon. the clearing and hearing a familiar sound — a
sound she'd heard before in bars during college, and on
the streets as a child —— the sound of men arguing, men
fighting. The fear returned, sapping her strength and
courage, but she forced herself onward. Crouched low,
hands aching from the cold,she crept forward until she
could see them. Thé man that had run from the shack
held aclub in both hands easily as long and as thick as
his own arm. He beat at another man, a younger man
in jeans and a parka, who fought with no weapon at all
and was the worse for it. Blood tan freely from the

Legends of the Garou: Killing Winter 7


younger man's foréhead and matted his thick black
hair. Both got in their licks, but it was clear the younger
man-was losing..-The Inuit.man struck again at -the
newcomer's head and connected; the club shattered
with the impact and threw the young man to the
ground. The older man looked briefly at the stump of
his weapon. before throwing it away. He fell upon his
opponent wearily, turned him face up, and wrapped his
hands around the newcomer's throat.

Meena tose from her hiding place, terrified. She
tried to cry out, but her throat was paralyzed with fear.
She took one stumbling step, the brittle crust of snow
cranching loudly.underfoot..The Inuit man's -head
jerked to the side at the sound: He looked at her with
rage and surprise, and then leered hungrily at: her.
Meena recognized something in his eyes, and éven-as
recognition came to her, the younger man's hand rose,
gripping something bright and flashing, and fell.

7. 2 ©

The knife slid into Breaks-the-Bear's flesh at the
point where neck and shoulder meet, forcing through
the heavy coat to pierce skin and muscle and worse.
The older Ahroun howled in pain; but Fisher did not
stop with just a single blow. He yanked the knife out
and struck again,.and again, stabbing and stabbing
until at last the weapon slid deep between-the Inuit
man's tibs.. Fisher felt the tip twitch as. it slid into
Breaks-the-Bear's heart and he knew ‘it was done at
last. He shoved the body away and rolled-to his feet
wearily. His clothes were soaked with blood, his own as

well as his opponent's; but the chill was gone. He did
not feel the cold any longer.

The woman-came stumbling toward him, weep-
ing. She fell against him and wrapped her arms around
him, thanking him again and again through hysterical
tears. Exhausted, he withstood the embrace fora time
before pushing her away again; roughly.

Meena wrung her hands and‘wept and babbled.
She fell to her knees..""Thank god! He killed us! He
would have, and we'ré freezing and starving and you
saved us. Thank God! Thank you!"

Fisher regarded the wotan with pitiless eyes. "I
didn't come here to save you, Wyrmbringer..." He
looked down at the warrior lying dead in the snow,
Cuts-the-Knot's knife buried to the hilt in his chest. "1
came to save him." The woman looked from Fisher to
the corpse in confusion, but understanding came soon
enough as Fisher turned and began walking into the
woods... Her voice was tremulous .at first, but soon
enough she was calling after Fisher. ""No! No! Help us!
No!" Fisher never looked back. He was a wolf again in
one instant and gone in the next.

Meena did not know how long it was, but eventu-
ally, she stopped crying and turned back to the wrecked
shack. As she went about the business of rebuilding the
wall, her belly growled painfully. "Least he could've
done is leave us something to eat."

Behind ‘her, Herby -whimpered: pathetically. It
would be a very long night.


BY ERIN FLACHSBART, ALIA OGRON AND BRETT REBISCHKE-SMITH t

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN* HAGEN >
— NG

Sede

Authors? Erin Flachsbart, Alia Ogron and Brett Rebischke-
Smith. Werewolf and the World of Darkness: created. by
Mark Rein *® Hagen.

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein* Hagen
Developer: James Kiley

Werewolf: the Apocalypse Line Developer: Ethan Skemp
MET Assistance:.Peter W/oodworth

Editor: Aileery E. Miles

Art: John: Bridges, Leif Jones, Jean-Sebastiet: Rossbach,
Alex Sheikman

Act Direction; Layout & Cover Design: Aileén E. Miles
Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn Van Valkenburgh
Special Thanks To: Bryan Armour and the Nunavut Gov-
ernment

Corn nA fOr Perec"
APOCALYPSE

1594 LITTON DR.

& STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
aii 30083

WHITE WOLF

USA
GAME STUDIO

©2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden,-except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank ‘character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, World of Darkness, Vampire, Vampire the
Masquérade,-Mage the-Ascension and Hunter the Reckoning are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Tribebook Wendigo, Demon the Fallen,
Oblivion and Mind's Eye Theatre are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.All rights reserved: All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or Copyright concerned.

This book uses thesupernatural for ‘settings, charactérs*and themes. All mystical and supernatural
éléments are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only... This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog éall.1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www white-wolf.com; alt-¢ames.whitewolf and rec. games.frp-storyteller

PRINTED IN. CANADA.


Contents

A oer een ae

EEN

Feevese Ce

Za

There at the beginning times, the sun shone over the
white snow and the sea and everything was clean because no
men had come to walk upon it or drag their boats down to the
shore. The ice glowed with sunlight even at night so that every
hill looked like the Aurora Borealis and the ancestors were

never lost in darkness.

—— White Bear, poét of the Tlingit

lam a descendent of Tlingit lineage that can be
traced back 10,000 years..Like my grandrnothérs and
great grandmothers, 1 ama keeper of legends that mark
our migration to the icy water's edge. Through my mother,
lam a member of the Shaa Hit in Yukutat. 1 belong to the
Wolf moiety of the L'uknaxa'di clan. .At the same time,
lam achild of Little Brother. lam a descendent of Gaia's
dearest children, spirits made flesh, who canbe traced
back to the beginning of the world. 1 am a member of the
Wendigo pack, Long Night Moon, from the Sept of
Singing Ice. I tell this history in honor of my ancestors, my
tribe, my mother, my children and my pack.

The circumpolar world is large, and our tribe's long
battle has left us tired as if the weight of old age were on
all our minds at once. Like the tattered Pure Lands, we
are in danger of forgetting.our noble past. Is-it any
wonder? Look at our lands. Look at our Kinfolk. Many
of the names for places and people have changed,
rewritten by the invaders who have overrun our home-
lands. The names that Wyrmbringers know the First

People by are often insults in'enemy nations' languages
and place names now honor white heroes.

The First People are forgetful, and where their ways
used to be as numerous as their nations, now they all
drink soft drinks and wear blue jeans. Lies have found
their way into the stories passed down fromi our grand-
mothers. Lies have found their way into the First People's
hearts so that their children do not know the truth of
their own history... Wolves are gone forever in many
places and the air is filled with smoke. We are not the
First People. We are not the wolves. But if the First
People disappear, like the wolves already have from
pouch of the land, what would happen. to the Wendigo?
What will be left for us except the North Wind's fury?

While there are still Wendigo in the Pure Lands;
we must repeat our story to ourselves and to each other
so that we do not forget. Our past is full of glory and
sadness, divided like two seasons, one summer and one
bitter darkness. The winter is now becoming the End
Times when all history will be forgotten. Before the
End Times take us, here is our story.

Chapter One: Looking Back From the End Times 13

NY

The oldest ancestor spirits who come to us are the
lupus that knew this land long ago.. When they deign
speak to us, they tell us the story of création:

Gaia: formed the mountains and fields. of the
world and all the creatures that roam there from clay.
When the shapes pleased Her, She leaned close and
blew Her warm breath over them, bringing them to
life. Then She set them. down as She willed; moun-
tains, oceans, trees, wolves and prey all going to their
proper places. Because everything was so new, the
spirit world was close, still clinging to Gaia's creation
like dew in the morning.

At first, all was good and everything stayed in the
places Gaia had made for each. Wolves hunred the
plains and the woods. Their cubs were never hungry
and the stars sang in the darkness of night. The good
times were like a long summer and those who lived
then only sing us songs -of joy.. Their voices have
become so faint now that we sometimes forget there
ever was stich a time. Those who lived in the begin-

g Bae

ning-did not know how great their joy was until it
passed away like shadows suddenly covering the land.
The spirit world, which in those days was so close,
broke apart like ice in a spring thaw and splinters of
that breaking lodged in the hearts of some of Gaia's
creatures, driving them into madness that mirrored
the madness of rhe spirits. The Namer and the Eater
fell into madness and disease.. They turned on the
Mother and all Her creations. The balance was lost
and creatures moved wildly across the land, restless
and no longer content with the places Gaia had made
for them.

It -was then that the two-legs came. Some spirits
say they came over a bridge of ice or from the hot
jungles of the Fera.-Some say that Gaia made them
from clay and breathed life into them, too. We say they
came up out of the ground made from the same mud
and ice they used to build their burrows. But however
they were made, they came and hunted our territory as
if Gaia had made this place for them. Some of them
knew more of the ways of Gaia than the others, and it
was these that we accepted into our packs until we
were all of one tribe. Together we hunted the creatitires
with splinters of madness ‘in their hearts.

Wendigs

Ce en a eZ


SAGAS? awe LVendigo

In the beginning times; our totem was Sasquatch.
At some point, so far back that none of us truly
remembers what happened, Sasquatch disappeared.
Wendigo became our totem. This mystery at the heart
of our tribe has never sat well. Even today, if you're
stuck with some quiet time and want tostarta fight, ask
where Sasquatch went. 1 guarantee you'll get a knock
down drag out brawl if there's more than one Theurge
around. Pass the frybread and watch the fur fly.
Someone's going to lose a limb.

Asnidst the scuffle, you'll hear alot of trash. Sasquatch
is déad. Sasquatch was inlove with one dear W endigo a:
when his favorite died, Sasquatch went mad, died, or gi
so pissed off he froze up forever and became Wendigo
Sasquatch gave in to some sort of spirit Harano
again, died, went crazy or froze up. Better yet, 7

decided to adopt the leftovers when we
Whoever says that last one deserves to |.

incapable of finding an entire continent. A:
settle for Wendigo after Sasquatch abande

The most compelling of the bunc
at some point Wendigo challenged .
fought for one whole black winter

summer -Wendigo finally . fell, bu

not bad, butit doesn't explain what brought Sasquatch
and Wendigo into contention. So, we're back to set-
tling it with fists. Since we don't have-time for the
beating, here's.a story that makes a lot more sense than
all that drivel -you've probably heard.

When-our grandmothers were young, a-warrior
called Tears-of Blood wanted to know the truth .of
Sasquatch and Wendigo. He waited until a moot and
asked his question. Before the ruckus of flying claws
and theories had quieted Tears of Blood heard the echo
of laughter from ‘the spirit world. Like most, Tears of
Blood didn't like being laughed at, so he went into the
Umbra to see who was insulting him.

Inthe spirit world, he saw the source of the laughter
was a little blue fox. Tears of Blood knew that sometimes
spirits were not at all the things they appeared to be, so he
approached the laughing fox and greeted her respectfully.
Then he asked her, "Fox, why are you laughing? If

ainted lands of dunes and canyonsas your own and

A Story Of G Piet CP CPEOPL

In the early spring a wolf had three pups. A late
frost came and the eldest of the pups said, "Mother,
Ido not like this cold. Please, may I live somewhere
warm?" The she-wolf said, "Yes; my child. Gosouth
and towards the warm glow ofsunset. There you will
live always in the sun's warmth. You have a clever
head for speaking with the spirits and dreaming true
dreams. Your insights will show you the truth of the
traps laid by the Defiler Wyrm. 1 give you-the

n will be great shamans."
tather thanked the she-wolf and-left

dG and then the milk was gone. The
Mother, I donot liké this drought.
ndlive in aland that will quench
she-wolf said, "Yes, my child. Go
ing sun and the scent of water.
ve always by the water's edge, near
aany lakes: You have anoble heart
stice and knowing the honorable way
s. By these you will see through the
sught by the Eater of Souls. I give you the
nds of woods and lakes as your own and
na will be wise leaders."

stother thatiked the she-wolf and left

ed and it grew to be the long night
wpup did not mind. The she-wolf
e you do not fear the darkness
n of cold; you will stay under
ars and live here in the north.
pirit; possessing great fury and
face of every danger. By this you will
‘the marry battles orchestrated by the
ast of War. I give youthe endless lands of ice and
the grasslands, too, as your own and your children
will be mighty warriors."

And the last pup; who was Little Brother, said,
"Thank you, Mother.-I- knew you would have a
place for me."

As the she-wolf decreed, each of the Three
Brothers was given different lands and their chil-
dren were wise shamans, noble leaders and fierce
warriors. What she did not tell them, because she
thought they would know this already,. was that
only by working together were they cunning, righ~-
teous and ferocious enough to defeat all the facés of
the Wyrm.

CAapter One: Looking Back From the Exd T

imes 15


Sasquatch is dead, I wish to mourn him. Ifhe is lost, I will
quest to bring him back to us."

The fox-spirit' replied, "Moonbeast; you -worry
about the strangest things. If you follow me, I will show
you the story." Without waiting for an answer, the blue
fox jumped into-the forest.-Tears of Blood's curiosity
was greater than his anger and he followed her..-He
chased the spirit for a long way through the Umbra
until they came toa great river. The blue fox sat on the
riverbank and waited for Tears of Blood.

*"T am admiring that large rock. Can you see it? It
looks like a gracefulseal," said the fox when the Wendigo
sat beside her.. Tears of Blood agreed that he could see
the rock that looked like a seal and waited for the spirit
to- explain why they had come to look at a rock: After
they had sat on the riverbank for.an hour, the little fox
leapt up and quickly swam across the river. "Come and
see," she called excitedly from the other bank. Tears of
Blood jurnped into the river. The current was strong and
the water was full of ice; but he was stronger than the
river and determined to reach the other side.

When Tears 6f Blood pulled himself from thé river,
his fur was thick with icicles. His patience with the spirit
was growing short. "What is there to see on this side of the
river that could not be seen from that side?" In answer, the
spirit fox led the Wendigo around to the far side of the
rock and sat down:

"Tam admiring the rock. It looks like a fierce polar
bear. Can you see it?" The blue fox waited. Tears of
Blood came and sat beside her. He agreed he could see
that the rock now looked like a winter bear... His
impatience was evident and the spirit laughed again.
"Is this rock one of your kin? It changed from seal to
bear. Or, perhaps the river changed you, that you see
it differently?" Tears of Blood thought about the spirit's
questions and suddenly he understood why the spirit
had shown him the-rock that looked like different
animals and made him struggle across the icy river.

When-she saw understanding in' the Wendigo's
eyes, the spirit said, "When you lived in elsewhere; you
belonged to Sasquatch-as pups belong to their mother.
Sasquatch provided guidance and taught you Gifts. In
turn, you respected Sasquatch's teachings and broughr
him honor with you deeds. When the time came for you
to come to the Pure Lands, you united with your wolf
brothers as Gaia intended and became a new tribe.
Sasquatch, too, changed and was Wendigo. It was nota
death so much as an evolution, like the hare's fur
changing from brown' to. white with the .seasons. If
Wendigo is harsh and cold, then it is because like your
ancestors, Sasquatch was preparing for your tirne in the
Pure Lands and the many battles you would fight." Tears

16 Wlendigo

LEE LF ET PS OT 2 iy 7 a

of Blood thanked thé spirit for this lesson and promised
to tell his tribe of her wisdom. Sasquatch had become
Wendigo not by changing himself, but by the change in

our tribe's perspective.
VP Prperdtine apd ftae4 Uap Of A7age
a litrle too far in

In the beginning, perhaps ¥
carrying out our duty to protect Lands. Even so,

s elsewhere. The lup
rably remember:
strongest proj

they were supposed to be, no bashing of heads was
required. The Wyld controlled the human popula-
tion as well as we might have in many cases. Mean-
while, there were many other much more pressing
battles that awaited our attention, and the Croatan
soon convinced us that the humans' numbers would
be better left in-Gaia's hands.

If we had been-as. sorely crowded "as the
Wyrmcomers were in their homelands, not even the
calming voice of 1 Croatan would have stopped us
from large-sca@ ughter. The. fact that -the
Ip with such massive popula-
marvel at even now.

Marvel or la

ed that if
hreatening
our Caerns or our Kinfolk, i acceptable to let them
wander around doing whatéver it is they did. If the
secretive, hiambering Gurahl or clowninglittle Nuwisha
dared get in our way, they didn't live long, but mostly,


|

we coexisted thanks to disinterest on our part and good
behavior on theirs. In some cases, we even cooperated
with a few of the Fera while in pursuit of a particular
Wyrm beast. At other times, we warred with them over
places of power or for prey, but these battles were the
natural way. If the Fera didn't stink of Wyrm or aid our
enemies, it Was easy enough to listen-to clear-headed
Croatan and focus on other battles.

The excéption to-all this harmonious living was
South America. Some would say the War of Rage has
been fought there since the beginning timesand con-
tinues even now. Mostly, the battles in South America
were Older Brother's, but Wendigo, too, have been
known to head towards the jungles seeking something
besides a tan. We weren't there on ashoppinrig trip, but,
if one or two Fera fetishes happened to find their way
into our possession, no-one can blame us for putting
them to work... Nothing: says, "Die, Wyrm. die!" in
unexpected ways like a vortex of warm salt water or
tropical snakes when you're fighting something made
out of polluted ice. Should you ever wander south into
their territory, you'll see the Fera still remember our
ferocity..Sometimes the Uktrena welcomed our assis-
tance, other times they called us interlopers..Such is
always the way with brothers.

A ctenp Siierta

At the height of rhe Impergium, Siberia was nota
good place to be, or it was.a really good place to be-It
all depends on your views on slaughter. It seems some
over-enthusiastic.Get of Fenris-took it uwpon them-
selves to start culling our Kinfolk. This quickly led to
us returning the favor by culling rhe Get. Things got
ugly, with outright war sweeping across the tundra like
an arctic storm. Some of the best Russian ghost stories
are actually scrambled accounts of this period when
anything that moved was likely to end up a bloody clot
in the snow. If spectral maidens or howling voices of
the hungry déad haunted the banks of frozerr lakes, it
was the least of the scenery. For all the bad things we
say about them --—— now there's a list that could goon
for days —— the Get know what they're doing in a fight.
It must have been glorious to see.

Neither side remembers thé exact details of how
the war was finally brought toaclose. Likely, its end
was asort of two for one deal with the ending of the
Impergium. Whatever stopped -it did-nothing -to
erase the animosity between our two tribes. 1 suspect
their later brutality to the First People was born of
spite carried over from this much older war. The
stupid Get didn't stop to consider that the Wendigo
inthe Pure Lands might not even know about their
Siberian indiscretions.

Zitxding phe Spirits

Sometimes the Wyrmcomers try to question why
we call our home the Pure Lands. They see only the
sludge and ashes of the present. We call them that
because, until everything went to hell, they were. The
tribes of Three Brothers made them so through battle,
cunning and the power of our magic.

In the beginning times, there were many Wyrm
beasts'in the Pure Lands. Weaver beasts and Wyld
storms, too, flourished." There was little to hold them
in check. When the tribes of Three Brothers were
qmiade or called to the Pure Lands, our ancestors trav-
eled the land and defeated or imprisoned the enemies
of Gaia. It was a lengthy endeavor, requiring genera-
tions of Garou to track down. and destroy the foul
things that lurked in caves, lakés, deserts and forests.

Many of the Wyrm's-sérvants wore -the form' of
giant, misshapen animals. Nanurluk (colossal whale-
bears) devoured whole boats in the arctic waterways.
‘There are stories of Gurahl being mistaken fornanurluk,
and it is possible that the opposite happened, too,.so
that some of these beasts escaped..A few nanurluk have
been spotted in the deép waters of Hudson Bay as
recently as the 20th century. Across the Northwest
giant birds (binesi in Ojibwa) hunted men to feed their
chicks, while sevéral lakes contained enormous, twisted
versions of cels-or water snakes. The Uktena saw the
sea serpents as mockery of their totem and were par-
ticularly savage when battling one. Though they were
destroyed long ago, some of the lake creatures have
returned in recent days..Lake Okanaga in British
Columbia is said to have at least one and perhaps as
many as ‘a-dozen sea'snakes.

Other Wyrm beasts were stranger than deformed
animals. On the prairie there were Big Heads, -crea-
cures with giant heads and human-like legs but no body
in between. They traveled in packs and devoured any

sleeping animal they could' catch, including humans.~

Smaller versions of these same creatures were known
as apsat in the Arctic.. They were deadly pranksters,
known for hopping up and down on weak ice until the
last possible moment and then lying in wait until'a
human followed their tracks, broke through the ice
and drowned. During the Yukon gold rush, a few apsat
caused much grief for the W yrmbringers. It was almost
ashame we had to destroy them after they rid us of so
many prospectors, but there may still be a few lurking
in the most remote arctic ice-

©ur enemies were not limited to tainted humans
and animals. Some were the weather itself in the form
of whirlwinds and demon storms. It was these that the
Weéndigo hated most of all, for like the Uktrena's fury

Chapter One: Looking Back From the End Times 17

RE NS

nS

when twisted Wyrm creatures mocked their totem, we
saw tainted reflections of our totem in these foul crea-
tures. Storm monsters and. cyclones called.iya by the
Dakota ate up people and spread disease. Perhaps these
same storm beasts are to blame for the many tornadoes
that visit the Midwest every year. Malicious whirlwinds,
the dagwanoenyet, traveled across the arctic and swept
up the unwary or capsized their boats: Qonawieh unggi,
as the Cherokee called the evil wind spirits; brought fog
and hail to torment their victims: These creatures had
to be fought in the Umbra because there was nothing
solid in-the physical world for us to attack. We had to
bind many of the largér storm beasts rather than destroy
them because their energy was deeply rooted in-the
Umbra Realm. Our Theurges suggest that one or several
of these storm Banes were the seed for the Storm. Eater
that surfaced much later. :
There were Black Spiral D rice

become Wendigo land in the volcanoes:
Range' in Washington. What is now
Battle Ground Lake was once a squat volcano and it
was lurking under this low dome of mountain that we
found them. The Dancers were performing a miysteri-
ous rite that required access to lava and seemed to draw
energy from nearby fault lines. During the course of
their attack, the Wendigo-unléashed an ice' storm
under the volcano's dome and the combination of
magic, molten earth and ice created a huge explosion.
When-the echoes quieted and the breeze washed the
smoke away, all that remained of the Black Spiral
Dancers or their magic volcano was a deep crater.
Many of our Caerns were first discovered and opened
as we searched out all of these monsters and investigated
the reordered landscapes spat out of Wyld storms. Even-
tually, we cleansed the ancient sites and gathered them
into a lattice of energy that kept the bound spirits
imprisoned. The:sites also served to purify the land so
that new evils were hard pressed to take root. There were
Wyld storms and Weaver beasts éven then, and they,
too, were defeated or driven off by the combined strength
of the Three Brothers. Don't misunderstand..I'm not
telling you everything wassome milkandhoney fairytale.
There were great battles and fierce enemies even at the
best of times, but through courage and constant vigi-
lance the Pure Lands deserved our name for them.

18 Wendigo

V Pe Fitt¢ Feotye apa flie lUspiigo

The humaris of our protectorate inhabited the grass
sea of the prairie all the way to the coldest northern
regions; proving they could be as clever and adaptable as
the wolves inhabiting these territories:. Their nations
were mati and I don't have time to'tell you about each
of them at length. They were hunters, fishermen and
farmers, clever at living on the bounty their surroundings
offered and their hard work could earn.

They were wise enough; too,to know something of
the spirit world that surrounded them. The Umbra was
more accessible in those ancient times and a shaman
could sometimes wander its paths, speaking with spir-
its as we do... Because of this, their wise men could
eather, dream of future events and sometimes

le had its own compiles cos-
religious beliefs recognized

gnize that some of their children were
to be greater and different than-their

the clan and amazing transformations of men into
animals or-spirits and back again.

Many of the First People lived nomadic or'semi-
nomadic lifestyles that made our comings and goings

‘easy to explain away for those of us who chose to live

among them. Though the Curse was still in: place,
these were people used to the perils of an-untamed
world. Unlike soft, protected Europeans who melt like
snowflakes in the sun at the first hint of predatory
threat, the First People weré Hunible before Gaia's
chosen warriors..Im a similar fashion, their closeness

and respect for their animal brothers, occasional -en-

counters with strange wolves were sometimes inter-
preted as a powerful, terrifying religious experience.
We did our best to keep our struggle against the
Wyrm far from the First People, but from time to time
the particularly perceptive encountered beasts or spirits
stranger than Wendigo. Sometimes, the things we fought
inhabited the First People, festering in their hearts and
subtly twisting their ways. Other threats were all too
apparent, directly arracking humans and leaving bloody,
visible evidence of their presence. Our battles against
these terrors were woven into many of the First People's


POLS!

Theword potlatch means "to give" in Chinook,
and this particular ‘custom' has.been. driving
Wyrmbringers crazy for centuries:

For the peoples of the Northwest Coast, it was
an important winter ceremony with dancing, sing-
ing, feasting and lavish gifts that showed the gen-
erosity and prosperiry of the host. Hosts tradition-
ally provided more food than the guests could
consume-so that each could take food home to
share with others, spreading word of the host's
generosity. Potlatches were also held to honor the
dead and to mark treaties or transfers in ownership.
The First People did not keep written records, and
so if something important were happening, wit-
nesses would be called and given wonderful gifts as
a keepsake of the event. By accepting the gifts; the
witnesses both agreed to remember and signaled
their approval of the proceedings.

Things got muddied when the Wyrmbringers
came and the First People suddenly had a greater
number of material goods... From -there,- gifting
became more and more excessive. The Europeans
could not comprehend such generosity since their
own culture taught them to be obsessed only with
the accumulation of wealth: They eventually out-
lawed the practice to protect the foolish natives
from their own traditions.

Wendigo in the Northwest still practice the
potlatch. It gives elders the opportunity ‘to .¢arn
Honor through their generosity, and it isa chance for
a young werewolf to earn Glory if he should do great
deeds with the gift he has received in Potlatch.-He
may receive Honor by gifting -it back -again.
Wyrmecomers, like their Kin, do not understand this
and have even been known to try to convince a
young Wendigo that she has no business wielding an
item of great power. Idiots. How will their young earn
honor or learn touse the magic our ancestors have left
us if chey are never allowed to touch it?

stories. We became creatures of myth and through these
stories, Gaia's lessons were passed to the humans. Ritu-
als like the Blackfoot's Buffalo Dance, which thanks the
buffalo prey and frees his spirit after the hunt, came from
human observance of the spirit world. We were careful
to encourage some of their stories while tucking others
away to protect our Kinfolk from danger and madness.

As elsewhere; sometimes the nations of First People
went to war against each other: Sometimes these wars
were for just cause, and sometimes they were rooted in
greed or misunderstanding. Humans do that: Though

we found it painful, we tried to keep out of these
struggles for territory or honor. We tried, but who
could not come to the assistance of their family in a
time of crisis? This led to trouble both within our tribe,
and depending on where the war was, sometimes with
the Croatan or the Uktena. Siding with factions of the
First People never led the Three Brothers into outright
war, but certainly these human clashes were the source
of many personal prievances.

Tf FxAtLIE ote CAP Oa

A thousand years ago, the nations of humans in
the East began to do something that had never been
seen before in all of the Pure Lands. They built a city:
It was partly the work of mad Weaver's whisperings in
their ears, and partly inspired by the great mound cities
in South America. Almost immediately, thisnew city,
Cahokia, put strain' on the natural resources and used
up the prey for many miles around it. Black smoke rose
to the sky from their cooking fires..Cahcokia was-a
sprawling sore on Gaia's land. Before you shrug off the
seriousness of the problem by comparison to modern
cities, remember that at its worst, Cahokia was bigger
than medieval London. Despite its size, the city sprang
up-so quickly that it took us by surprise: It was as if
pattern spiders did the work rather than humans.

The Pure Lands' first city was horrible. The people
dug up the earth and stones, piling them into artificial
mountains. At the top they built temples. Perhaps they
sensed that their mounds lacked the life energy of the
landscape made by Gaia. Perhaps the Weaver taught
them more than one foul trick, perhaps something
sinister had come-north from the pyramid builders'
cities in South America. The people of Cahokia aug-
mented their dead, artificial mountains with life en-
ergy in. the form of blood sacrifices. Their mound city
grew like spreading puddle of foul water and the tribes
of Three Brothers took notice.

The Uktena and Wendigo soon ‘saw ‘that these
mound builders had sickened the lands of our neigh-
bors and brothers. With great concern, we asked the
Croatan: why they hadn't put a stop to. what -the
humans were doing. Middle Brother believed that the
mound builders could be shown the proper way again
without bloodshed. They hoped that the humans
would see the sickness of the land, the lack of clean
water and the- dwindling prey. for themselves and
willingly return to the old ways.

Their older and younger brothers did not have the
Croatan's patience. The Wendigo saw the city spread-
ing north and would not wait. We demanded that the
Croatan kill the polluted city and those who created it.
There were other humans in their lands, so there was

Chapter One: Looking Back From the End Times 19

—— OS A AN

L

no need to coddle those who would give themselves so
willingly to the madness of Weaver and Wyrm. The
Uktena saw the Umbra's reflection turning sour over
Cahokia. They saw strange Weaver spirits previously
unknown in the Pure Lands. When they looked more
closely, they saw that the humans of the city wor-
shipped the sun above the moon and how ‘that gave
strength to strange new ‘creatures. beneath their
mounded temples... What gave them pause was that
some of these new spirits were serpents, leaving them
curious how the serpents ‘of this place were related to
their own. great totem.

The tribes of Three Brothers argued bitterly over
the city and what should be done: We wanted it
immediately ground back into the earth, all memory of
it erased from the easily corrupted minds of men.
Uktena was curious about the spirit serpents. They
wanted to end the city but wished time to commune
with the strange new spirits of the place. The Croatan
wanted to wait and let the humans discover for them-
selves why their city was not the way Gaia meant for
the people to live. The argument was as fierce as only
a fight between brothers can be, and the relationship
of the three tribes was greatly weakened. In the heat of
our anger, each tribe did not see anything but our duty
to Gaia and our own vision of how best to serve Her
will. The Three Brothers fought and withdrew into
their lands, each tribe certain that they were right.
Foolish pride! We did not see the future and how this

atckis ty flie Frets Ply

Remnants of the culture that produced
Cahokia have been discovered throughout the
American Midwest, with large archeological dig
sites in arid around St: Louis, Missouri and Chi-
cago, Illinois: Other, smaller "serpent mound"
structures have been found as far south as Arkan-
sas and as far east as West Virginia. With the
greater interest in Indigenous Studies, these sites
are becoming increasingly studied and increas-
ingly of interest to tourists.

The Wendigo and others have noticed that
some of these Cahokian sites seem. to-appear
spontaneously. Other sites have mysteriously faded
back into the earth only to be explained away as
being "lost to erosion" or "tragically destroyed by
recent construction" by the scientific community.
More than one-of these sites has also been the
source for infestations of strange Banes and Wyrm
taint among visitors, though the exact relation-
ship between Cahokian remnants and the Wyrm
has yet to be fully explained.

20 Wendigo

/ aa ES A

estrangement would someéday lead us to lose Middle
Brother forever.

Agairist the Croatan's will, we attacked the heart of
the foul city. We found a creature lurking at the core of
Cahokia, gobbling up the sacrifices and the pollution the
city fed it. It was a great serpent-thing, the very spirit the
Uktrena thought perhaps was kin. to their totem,.but it
stank of death and Wyrm. Our warriors fought a great
battle in the Umbra and finally we killed it. Perhaps if we
had stopped to learn its nature first,.or if we had slain it
sooner, we would have been spared the Eater of Souls.
Many years later, some said that it was this serpent beast
that was the first manifestation of that very horror.

Akt the time of the battle, the Wendigo were cor-
vineed that their enemy was a Wyrm -beast brought up
from the lands of the Fera along with the new ways. We
assumed it was-a symptom of whatever madness had
taught the humans to build mounds and spill blood
sacrifices from their summits... We killed it, or so we
thought, and a pack of our gréatest warriors, Luna's
Power Overcomes, went to see that no more corruption
was spread from the lands of the Fera. By doing this, we
angered the Croatan by going against their wishes in
their territory. We also angered the Uktena by blaming
the corruption on the people within their borders and
destroying the serpent spirit before they had learned its
nature for themselves. The city of Cahokiawas no more,
but at the price of the harmony of the three tribes. The
‘Three Brothers would never again be asclose or as strong
as we were before polluted city of Cahokia. Each with-
drew to his lands and was resentful of the others. There
is more of this story, but it must wait until it is time to
speak of our greatest sorrow 600 years later.

V fe PUar jor fhe New PUcr/e

‘There are just too many great battles and heroic
warriors in the war for the Pure Lands to do justice to
them all. This war has lasted 500 years and justice has
lictle to do withit. For clarity, the story will follow what
happened in the bulk of the Pure Lands. Siberia and
Greenland were less innocent than we about the ways
of W/yrrnbringers and Wyrmcomers; having encoun-
tered them far earlier... But for the majority of us, those
not of the Three Brothers were little more than faint
memories by the time the intruders reached our shores
and everything went to hell.

All the way back to the beginning times, the
greatest seers of the Three Brothers had prophetic
dreams of changes yet to come. .Atsiluaq of the Inuit,
know tous as Four Bears, had a waking dream and sang
about strangers bringing a bright red flag. Some of us

|


riow say the réd he saw was not a flag but the earth of
the Pure Lands soaked in blood. Either way, he and
many others gave us Strange and clouded warnings that
something was coming. We did not listen. Later; we
warned the Croatan, and they did not listen.

Of the Three Brothers,.it was our tribe that first
met the explorers, trappers and whalers. We encoun-
tered them in thé arctic, we found them looking for sea
passages through the continent and bumping into the
Northwest coast. They were like-a dog scenting new
prey, following a trail without knowing what exactly
might be at the other end but greedy for it all the same.
Long before, we had met people called Vikings. You've
probably heard how their colonies in the Pure: Lands
didn't last more than-a few particularly harsh winters.
Bad luck or perhaps Father Wendigo disliked them?
We shed no tears when they left, but let the North
Wind fill their sails.. The Croatan questioned if we
were being too severe. We listened respectfully to
Middle Brother but contiriued to turn the strangers
away. Ask a Silver Fang if you-want to hear fanciful
stories about how they were convivial, and we met
them with violence.

Much- later, very different pale strangers began
appearing on the borders of our lands. Among the
more peaceful encounters was when Drake showed up
in. the. Pacific Northwest.~ His first action. was to
rename. the place "Nova-Albion." Then he ‘started
making plans fora colony.-At least-he treated the
Pomo natives with» what we-later discovered was
uncharacteristic decency.-His most attraétive trait
was that he had sense to sail away before wearing out
his welcome. Still, many of his companions stank of
Wyrm and the "gifts" he left demonstrated just how
crazy the Weaver had become. Like many of the First
People, the Pome did not value the accumulation of
material goods and so were confused by the strangers'
lavish, unusual gifts. They wisely gave many of them
back before Drake took his leave.

We learned from those who met him that Drake
told stories of a-land filled with those like him sand
bragged of the great works and priceless treasures like
the ones he had shared. After Drake, we made a point of
harshly rebuffing of visitors and encouraged the Uktena
and Croatan todo the same: We could not know that it
was already too late. The rumors of a new world and its
riches burned in the greedy hearts of the Europeans all
the way back to their own lands. They told each other
tales of cities of gold and robes of the richest furs free for
the taking if only they came across the sea.

Within what seemed like a-single cycle of the
moon, there were explorers:-and missionaries slaugh-
tering their way up into the Croatan lands from Florida,

SS ee

into Uktrena lands'from México and the ‘California
coast. Allat once, explorers and colonists were swarm-
ing over the Croatan's seacoast in the -east,~ while
whalers and fur traders were filling Wendigo territory
in the north. Missionaries swarmed everywhere. Re-
gardless of which nation sent them, the white people
bought disease, death and disdain for everything they
found. They called the Pure Lands the "New World,"
and seemed determined to make -it into" as lifeless,
Wyrm-filled and polluted a-land'as the old one as
quickly as possible.. The First People were -at. first
welcoming if wary.. The Europeans' treachery soon
ended that and the native people were quickly over-
come with greater numbers and greater technology.
They fell to the Wyrmbringers' treachery and. their
strange new diseases that killed even more swiftly than
the Europeans themselves.."The Three Brothers were
overwhelmed.-Many would not like to admit it, but
there was too much land to protect it all. from such a
widespread invasion:

If the invasion had been the Wyrmbringers alone,
we eventually would have prevailed, but there were
two -other enemies .to -face..We don't ‘call. them
W yrmbringers because it'sa catchy name. Wyrm beasts
crossed the ocean with: them and delighted in the
newly wrought destruction to be found here.. Those
Wyrm. beasts that were already here grew stronger on
the bloodshed and gathered together into new terrors.
The older, greater Wyrm beasts which we-could not
defeat but instead locked away with ancient rites and
constant vigilance slipped their bonds as theit keepers
grew distracted or were slain; adding to the growing
force of darkness sweeping across our beloved lands.

The Wyrmcomers arrived in the middle of this
turmoil,-only adding to the confusion. They saw our
Kinfolk scattered and dying: Our warriors grew fewer
with each battle in the Umbraor inthe "colonies." We
were overwhelmed. They saw that new Wyrm crea-
tures were springing up faster than we could slay them.
They saw that the wolves were sickened, slaughtered
and drivén away. In their pride, the W/yrmcomers used
these misfortunes as evidence that they were our
superiors. They determined that they would rescue us
rather than fight alongside us.

Their help cost us caerns..The Hand of Gaia
caérn in what is now the Finger Lakes of New York
was atypical story. Once. held jointly by~-Three
Brothers as the Caern of Gaia's Graceful: Paw, the
caern's defenses were weakened by the schism over
Cahokia, and again by the fall of the Croatan. The
final blow was the double catastrophe of plague Banes
and Black Spiral Dancers when the Europeans flooded
in the Pure Lands... The surviving Wendigo were

Chapter One: Looking Back From the End Times 21

— ES ———— A SN


om ao arr ar mame wren sce

unable to résist when wéll meaning Children of Gaia
and Black Furies arrived to help the few remaining
"savages." Other caerns were lost in the turmoil. Did
you know the Wyrmcomers actually think New York
City's Sept of the Green was founded in 1855? Still
other caerns were stolen with no pretense of helping
us: The Fianna and Get snatched up Croatan caerns
in the Carolinas and Virginia: The Silver Fangs' seat
of House Wyrmfoe in the Adirondacks was a great
Wendigo caern before the 1600s.

Their help cost us Kinfolk. They marveled at the
packs of wolves who ran free and strong. They took our
breeding rights as thoughtlessly as they took our caerns,
with the Red Talons being the worst offenders:

Their help cost us allies: The Wyrmcomers made
war on-the Fera they found here. Since they had
slaughtered so many across the sea perhaps they were
not used to seeing them in such numbers. Soon, they
"aided us" by starting something close to a second
War of Rage on our shores. The Fera were thrown
into great confusion and did not differentiate be-
tween the Wyrmcomers and the Three Brothers in
their retaliations.. Those with whom we had held
alliances in the past would no longer aid us even in
mutual defense or protection of the: Pure: Lands.
‘Though: not all the Fera were our friends, tally this
amongst the wrongs of the Wyrmcomers.

The self-righteous bastards have not even today wa
admitted the depths of their treachery or begun.to pay - WR
for what their ancestors did to the Pure Lands. They
call us fanatics. We call therm criminals:

TV Pe CFor~er D2
te €xfer Of VEE

We have been silent too long about what happened
to Middle Brother..It does not honor their memory to
maintain our silence and we cannot change the story by
hiding it. During.our long silence; we have lost important
pieces of the history so that now we are left with little
more than .a hollow myth. Perhaps we have forgotten to
keep our anger and guilt from overwhelming us. lam not
the one to say. The spirits, too, are reticent to talk about
the death of Croatan, bur I will tell you all I know in the
hope that we will lose no more of the past.

Even the Wyrmbringers know that the first British
colony was established in the late 16th century on the
island of Roanoke. What they don't know is that along
with their colonists and the lesser Wyrm beasts that
came like fleas infesting their ships, there was a gréat
Bane ‘squatting over the island and spreading to the
surrounding lands. [t was in the Umbra around Roanoke
that the Croatan found the Eater of Souls, the greatest
evil these lands had seén since the beginning times.

Aa 2) a. e,


Having not seén such a beast in many lifetimes, they
did not know if the Eater of Souls was anew form of one
of the many Banes our ancestors had bound when we
first came to the Pure Lands-or if this was anew beast,
pethaps brought from across the waters with the tainted
strangers. It had been:a long time since they had even
imagined the enemy could be so- powerful.

They knew that a direct attack on the beast would
not bé enough-to-defeat it» They sent their greatest
pack on.an Umbral quest, seéking the key to the Eater
of Souls' defeat.-At the same time; they sent messen-
gers to the Uktena and-to the Wendigo, asking their
greatest warriors and wisest shamans for aid. After our
long reséntment and purposeful withdrawal from each
other, this request reached us far more slowly than. it
would have..in-the days before the battle over the
polluted city: In-our anger we had closed the Moon
Bridges or let them fall from memory. In the 600 years

following. the disagreement. of what -to.do abouw

Cahokia, relations between the tribes of Three Bre
ers had been strained. Like any fight between brot
all three tribes harbored more anger for les
than was truly wise. We had grown ane
became-éenmeshed in so : :
growing invasion. oe

humans like dark sickness, devours Soule FOE t 2
master.-Some of the First People sensed the ch i
these pale strangers represented and made war upon
them. The Powhatan Confederacy had first been wel-
coming despite their wariness of the colonists; but the
Wyrmbringers were treacherous and even. while ask-
ing for food and guides to help them-explore the Pure
Lands, took. prisoners' and killed ‘many Powhatans
including the chief who had first welcomed them. The
Eater of Souls feasted upon the slaughter but its appe-
tite- was relentless. It was crafty, too. Its. minions
tricked the Wyrmbringers into coming back again.and
again to Roanoke, despite the disappearance and death
of those they left behind each time.

We-have lost-the name of the pack that the
Croatan sent into the Umbra; but we know that only
one .of that pack rerurned...The ‘survivor ‘told the
Croatan that they could defeat the Eater of Souls but
only witha great sacrifice. She also told them that even
this desperate plan- would. work only if they -acted
quickly. Their enemy was growing stronger each. day
and soon' would be too potent for the Garou to defeat
at all. The Croatan saw that they must defeat the great
Bane or see all of the Pure Lands devoured in darkness:

Se nero mers en rere nencen Pee a ee

They did not wait for the Uktena or the Wendigo, to
our lasting shame and regret.

We still do not know the exact nature of the
sacrifice. We are left to guess, having seen. the effects
of their magic. The Croatan must have pérformed a
powerful rite, perhaps the greatest the Pure Lands have
ever seen. Some have speculated that perhaps the rite
amplified their spirits until they were too much for the
insatiable one to swallow and they burst. it from inside.
The disturbance and ripples-in the Umbra from their
rite echoed in nightmares, glades; and the Gauntlet
from ‘the South American-jungles to the ice of the
Arctic. Many of the older spirits still remember this
time, though they donot willingly speak of it the few
times we have asked them. It isa fact that the Croatan
unleashed aterrible power to defeat the ravenous Eater
of Souls and it cost them €verything. They vanished:
Loe he disappearance of the Croatan, we have
tly speculate on just what they did,
s were lost as part of the ritual or
ith the Bane. There were none
were gone. All of
by.as well as every
. The Uktrena
feibe made it to
mpan the Croatan to what-
were gone. The

say "that™ a :
Roanoke in time to

een scooped up and flung far away.
Words cannot express the sorrow we felt at the lost
of Middle Brother: It is a wound that each of us suffers
even today. When it was fresh, the pain was too much
for many of us: Some went mad with Rage, while others
fell -into despair." Packs went south to war on the
Uktenar The Uktena-did little better for their part.
The two remaining Brothers battled each other and
howled their pain until Luna wept to hear it. Though
we had little excuse to fight each other, individual
packs ot whole caerns found reasons. Both sides sud-~
denly remembered fetishes, land or Kinfolk that had
been .muddled.or traded or simply left to-the -other
brother's care and suddenly were stolen, irreplaceable
and unforgivable. The war would have been.much
worse ifnot for the renewed efforts of the W/ yrmbringers
to invade the Pure Lands. The failure of their initial
colonies seemed to inspire even greater lust "in the
white men who rushed toclaim our land's bounty. We
could not help but be brought to. our senses somewhat
by the return of thisnow most hated of enemies. Asthe
Wyrmbringetrs pushed west,.many of the First People
who were once in Croatan lands were chased into our
territory and for the most part we have accepted them,
as the Croatan would have wished.

CAapter One: Looking Back From the End Times 23

QI —a ET Ne

t

AIGA EL are Et

Another one of those topics it's best to leave for
when you want to start a fight is the distinction, if
there is one, between whites and W/yrmbringers. Are
all Europeans evil? The stereotype says we hate
everybody. Stereotypes get started for a reason. His-
tory has shown us repeatedly that while we may
encounter individual whites that are not-evil, as a
whole, we're safer assuming the worst.

Some of the setrlers, once shown how they
could live in harmony with the land changed their
ways and were welcomed into the nations of the
First People. Some of the hunters treated those they
encountered with respect and so were granted ac-
cess to the bounty of the Pure Lands. Some of the
lawmakers tried to be fair to the people under their
care regardless of nation.-All of these were excep-
tions to the majority of those we met. The tale of
those meetings is written in - blood and sorrow.

Even when they seem to be doing something
of no consequence, we get screwed. That's what
happened with the Dawes' Act -or the General
Allotment Act of 1887. Under this law, the com-
munal holding of property by the First People was
made illegal. Each male over 18 was instead "allor-
ted" a small portion of the land as his pérsonal
property. Initially, we, like the First People, thought
this change of semantics would matter little. The
white people liked to hand out papers saying who
owned what and what did it matter, so long as they
weren't forcing another rélocation to make way
for their "progress." But the W/yrmbringers caught
us by surprise. After handing out~land to the
eligible males, they decreed the rest "excess" and
sold it cheaply to white settlers:. The Cherokee
Nation alone lost 80% of its holdings, plunging
the people into poverty that's lasted to the present
day. 90 million -acrés were lost to-white home-
steaders under this Act alone. Amongst them, the
Caern of Red Earth Song, which we had thought
safe in the heart of Cherokee lands.

No, it ismot a matter of each and every oné of
the Wyrmbringers being evil so much-as their
collective evil. Think of it this way, the
Wyrmbringers are like a flock of seabirds nesting
on.-our beach... Individually; the birds might be
good or bad, kind or cruel. Together, regardless of
their individual merit, wherever they go is soon
covered in-shit.

24

LE LE TPT LE TA

The many battles forthe Pure Lands distracted us;
but did not make us forget.. Through the long, bloody
years, the rift between the Wendigo and the Uktena
has not fully healed.It will never heal while we refuse
to speak about the death of the Croatan or our parts in
ic. Our anger and sorrow have lasted so long that Older
Brother and Younger Brothet now can't remember a
time when they were free of it or close to each other.
Our excuse for anger with each other has changed with
time, but the core of it is always the ancient argument
and the price we could not stand to pay. Certainly, we
have sorely missed Middle Brother's temperance and
insight in the centuries that followed.

ITeannot leave this story without mentioning that
lately some have claimed that it is the Eater of Souls
lurking in the deepest depths of the Abyss... They say
that the Earer of Souls was not destroyed ‘but only
driven back into the depths, weakened from its injuries
and hiding like a slug underarock. May Gaia grantthat
they are wrong! At what cost will we finally defeat this
foe if even the sacrifice of Middle Brother was -not
enough' to wipe it from the face of creation? Should the
Eater of Souls rise again in the Pure Lands; I think we
will know the Apocalypse has come.
parnworn

When the 1800s came, death flooded across the
lands west of the Mississippi as the W yrinbringers
swarmed like flies on the carcass of the Pure Lands. If
their fathers brought death. to the First People by
diseasé and .treachery, now they brought death by
weapons and "relocation." The land they had already
taken was not enough. Collectively, Wyrmbringers
ate and ate like' a crazed beast, but were never sated.
Their eyes turned to what lay beyond the Mississippi
and it was the First People who once again stood in the
path. of their endless greed. Again and again, the First
People were told to leave their homelands and go
somewhere else... The Wyrmbringers were generous
with infertile, distant land, but again and again,-that
land, too, was taken away and the indigenous people
were told to gosomewhere more distant, more undesir-
able..-The old ways did not tell them how to live in
these new places,-and their children starved. If, in-
stead, they refused to leave their lands, the army came
to force them out and their children were slaughtered.

The animals suffered as well, but no one told them
to go before the killing began. Whole species were
destroyed because they were not "useful" .to the
Wyrmbringers' culture: Wolves were hunted to near-
extinction so that they would nor interfere with the
precious herds of sheep and cattle being fenced in by


See sere

thousands of miles of barbed wiré. They had learned
from the stories of their people that wolves were evil,
baby-eating fiends that had to be destroyed-for the
safety of all. l-don't know where this: misinformation
started, but~ they embraced it -until-it was a.death
sentence to be awolf anywhere in the plains or woods
of their new country. Buffalo and-every sort of prey
animal were hunted for sport or for skins, and the meat
was left to rot in festering piles beside the iron tracks for
their damnable steam engines. Everywhere, the wind
brought the stink of death. "Civilization". came tothe
West on wheels of irom and with the death cries of
everything in our territories.

Far worse than the betrayal of the W/yrmbringers
was the final betrayal of the W/yrmcomerts, those who
dared to call ‘themselves our brothers. We had been
surprised when they took caerns and lands in the East,
but without the Croatan there, they were hard to
defend: Some could ever argue that soméone had-to
take the Croatan lands to prevent them from falling to
the Wyrm. Sure. The Uktena‘or the Wendigo should
have adopted those lands into our protectorates, and
we did, at least until the Wyrmcomers came and took
them. from us by force.

Wehad the final proof of their intentions when
they did not answer out call-for hélp as the
Wyrmbringers chased our Kinfolk across the conti-
nent. They violated the Litany and forever became our
enemies: After almost 200 years, our hatred burns. The
Get of Fenris and the Shadow Lords were-direct, not
bothering to lie to us before trying to murder us. They
treated us as the enemy and took what they could. The
Tron Riders, or Glass Walkers as they are kriown today,
reveled in the Weaver-toys that~ carried the
Wyrmbringets -into' the west.- You.-couldn't° find -a
railroad track or a telegraph line that didn't have afew
of them basking in its taint: The Red Talons, though
they felt the loss of the wildernéss almost as keenly as
we, tried to claim to the remaining wild places as their
own. Drunken; strutting bastards to a-pup,.the Fianna
sang ballads of imaginary deeds while they pranced
across the graves of our people and spread their own
particular sickness, alcoholism, : to all they encoun-
tered. The Black Furies didn't go out of their way to
injure us, but they didn't strain too hard to-aid us,
either. Those pompous asses, the Silver Fangs, crowned
themselves kings of the Pure Lands and seemed con-
fused when.we did not greet them "properly." ‘The
Children of Gaia showed sympathy for suffering of our
Kinfolk, but blankets and hugs seem petty considering
what was happening all over the Pure Lands... The
Stargazers; Bone Gnawers and Silent Striders weren't
much good to anyone, and who the hell would want
them. anyway?

— RI ER ——


Collectively, the Wyrmcomers allowed the slaugh-
ter of the Pure Lands and our Kinfolk, both homid and
lupus, as surely as if they had done the deeds them-
selves —~ and in many cases they did. Speaking of these
times, I see why some of the camp of the Warpath
would long to someday come in force to their home-
lands and do the same to them.

Westdod alone. If the Wendigo had hesitated to join
with our Kinfolk and lead war parties before, we did not
hesitate when the W/yrmbringers said that they would
now take the western lands... We saw that we must live in
the sea,-or die ‘on the land. The winters grew col
a savage wind clawed at the settlers and soldier
advanced. Blizzards confused the paths West
neers turned their endless hunger on each
cannibal spirit ofawiater ‘

What the Wyrm ringers calle
armed rebellions that had beeun®
sion into the Pure Lands; int
terrors of the Wyrm, and reprisal:
Rage, can explain some of hic

the peril of all and the Weaver's be:
contain their glee as technology arid

again at their tales.
-Even amidst our anger

toaid our ar beleaguered Kinfol
were and vowed to hold w

Wyrmcomers name something <4 in modedit Vancouver
exists thanks to the heightened defenses created by this
faction of northern Wendigo. We knew it as Caern of the
Inside Passage and fought Shadow Lords and Get of
Fenris to a standstill before finally agreeing to share.

Of the southern Wendigo, some fled to the north
where our lupus brothers still lived, strengthening the
defenses against Wyrmbringers and the Umbral horrors
born of theirfoullands across the sea. Others stayed with
the First People; refusing to abandon those who had
always been under our care, wherever they were sent to
live. Still others stayed in the lands traditionally held by

our tribe, harrying the Wyrmbringers where they could,

but slowly falling to corruption and Haranoas they saw
these lands brought low under the yoke of the Weaver
andthe taint of the Wyrm. The Caern of Thunderbird's
Nest in the Iron Range of modern Minnesota, under the

26 Wenedigo

care of these southern Wendigo was lost to the Get and
then retaken just before the appearance of the Storm
Eater gave us far more to do than simply hold our caerns.

D fi SFOP1} CLEP

At the worst of this already dark time the great Bane
called the Storm Eater came, reveling in Our sorrow and
growing strong on our spilt blood. It was one of the many
servants of the Wyrm that we, along with the Uktena
and Croatan, had bound upso long ago that the binding
was more myth than fact: The bindings once required
rites and the constant vigilance of our caernms to main-
tain: Then. our watch was broken..Our caerns were
ae r usurped by those who did nothing to uphold
yic¢and beasts began escaping into the world
7 aeeecs didn't listem to our stories

ight the ruin. of the Pure
ter replenished by its

ands and something
1 across the ocean. It

ie and i its minions sbrowshe sickness and
throughout the Great Plains. Imagine

any ‘pood spirits were lost or driven
d upon-them for aid against the
of¢ our Theurges were lost to Umbral
learmthe source of this new sickness.
acl confusion, it feasted on our pain.
ktena werealready fighting the Storm Eater
as it spreadto their lands. The Wendigo knew wecould
not defeat the Storm Eater alone. Like the Croatan
before us, we called foraid and, at last, the W/yrmcomers
answered. We trusted them to act out of self-interest at
least and they did not prove us wrong. Like us, they
were unable to cross the sickened Umbra.in safety;
they too would be swallowed up should the Storm
Eater grow stronger and sicken the Umbra all the way
back to-their own homelands. We saw our moon
bridges falter and how the Bane's minions spread to our
caerns in the north atid "their" caerns in the east.
The Storm Eater was a-clever foe and sent many
spirits to lead us astray. It tried to trick us and kept our
hatred of the W/yrmcomers fresh so that we would not
agree to work with them, even for the good of Gaia.
Even though we suspected this tactic,some of our tribe


vanadate of flee Stort Caper

N66 Wyrm beast dies easily or cleanly. The foul
mixture of Weaver and Wyrm called the Storm
Eater was defeated -in 1889, but the- lingering
effects of the creature's death throes could be felt
well into the middle of the 20th century. It's hard
to gauge the total destruction since most -of it
occurred in the Umbra, but rumors hold that the
Oklahoma Dustbowl was the Storm Eater's dying
gasp. If that is true, the power of that final storm
hints at just how mighty the beast must have been
a century earlier.

Some say that the offspring of the Storm Eater
can still be found in the American West as dust
devils, tornadoes and cyclones swirling with su-
pernatural fury across the land. It seems an un-
likely coincidence that "Tornado Alley" traces a
path across lands once infested by the Storm Eater.
Could this mean that the defeat of the Storm Eater
a hollow victory, or did the rite save the West from
far, far worse?

said that we should leave the Wyrmcomers to their fate
as they had left us to ours. If we had listened, the Pure
Lands would now be a wasteland of storms and dust.
But the Wyrmcomers'.treacherous ways are not the
ways of the Pure Ones:

Working together with our enemies; our shamans
learned of a way. to defeat the Storm Eater... That
wisdom is lost to us now. We lost so much in thosé dark
times. We do know that part of this powerful rire one
of the greatest heroes from each of the thirteen tribes
had to willingly to serve as sacrifice. The combined
essence of theses thirteen heroes fueled a weapon that
when added to the magic of the Theurges-was potent
enough to destroy the Storm Eater. If we had not
discovered this together with the W/yrmcomers,.1 do
not think they would have believed us, but as it was,
the solution was indisputable: Word spread through-
out the Pure'Lands and soon a hero from. each tribe
came forward. Our hero was Spear of Winter, a north-
ern Wendigo who had come:south to join the heart of
the battle for the Pure Lands.

The rite lasted from full moon to full moon, claiming
the lives of many of the Theurges who performed it as well
as the hero-sacrifices: When it was completed, the Storm
Eater was vanquished. ‘The cleansing of the Umbra took
far longer and was the work of W/yrmcomers and Pure
Ones working together for the first time..Perhaps the
greatest aspect of this victory was that it temporarily
brought peace to the Pure Lands. For a moment at least,
the Wyrmcomers wete our allies.

a

Chapter One: Looking Back From the End Times

— EE ——————— NY EN

PUcunded pee

The spirit of the First People's rebellion was de-
feated in 1890. A long history of betrayal and brutality
culminated in the United States Army rounding up a
group of desperate Oglala -Lakota (Sioux) at Cankpe
Opi CWounded Knee Creek). It only took -a-single
gunshot to turn-a tense meeting into a slaughter. We
don't know who fired the gun but it doesn't take a genius
to figure out the Wyrm was behind it. When the echoes
from that shot were stilled, Chief Big Foot and 350 ofhis
people, mostly women and children, were dead in the
snow. The blizzard we called mourned their passing but
could not save their lives. We cametoo late to aid them.

We were too late for many things. The Wendigo
had aided rebellions and skirmishes between the First
People and. the .Army since the beginning. But at
Wounded Knee; we paid the price for fighting a war with
too many fronts. Some say that it was that gunshot at
Wounded Knee that was the mortal wound to Gaia's
Pure Lands. Orhers would tell you the Pure Lands had
been dying-since the moment we allowed a single
Wyrmbringer to plant a foot or one of his damned flags.
Ic was our failure, either way, and we took out our anger
onthe Army for 4 days so that when the blizzard ended,
there were twice as many of them frozen in the snow as
slaughtered Oglala Lakora. In the depth of that blizzard,
it seemed as if we might finally kill them all. What
stopped us was the same thing that had made the Army
so afraid: the Ghost. Dance.

The year before, Wovoka of the Paiute had brought
the Ghost Dance to the First People. He was of Older
Brother's people, too; and had Uktena's gift for spiritual
insight. He promised the Ghost Dance would bring back
the buffalo, bring all the ancestors' spirits back to us and
make warriors stronger than the bullets fired at them. His
dance was a way of peace offered up to people tired of
death and war. Humans and Garou who heard Wovoka's
message quickly became convinced that finally there was
away to drive the Wyrmbririgers away from the Pure
Lands. Joy overcame all who truly believed. The Ghost
Dancers bécame drunk with new hope after so much
despair. But the suspicious W yrmbringerssaw onlystrange
dancing and a new, dangerous religion. The Army feared
an uprising from those they had treated so cruelly for so
long and they came to Wounded Knee ready for a fight.

The Wyrm feared the Ghost Dance, too, perhaps
because the dance was truly strong magic, or perhaps
simply because it gave us hope and warriors with hope
are always stronger. The Wyrm's minions added fuel to
the Army's fears and toyed with their mistrust. The
evil whispers of the Wyrm landed in fertile soil.. The
Wyrmbringers believed lies about murder and plotting
because they remembered their own murders and plot-

27

1

ting. In their minds, they could expéct' no better from
"savages" than from themselves.

At the end of that cold day 6n the snowy fields of
Wounded Knee; Big Foot's people were desperate but
hopeful, the Army was afraid, we were too late, and the
end was bitter.. The Wyrm reveled in all the fear and
death that spilled across the Pure Lands. We were too
few. We fought too many wars at'once; and no one
cameé to out aid. If this does not make you Rage, golive
in one of their filthy cities; you are none of my kin: -

Our Kin-lost hope arc Wounded Knee and the
nations of the First People were defeated. They scattered
and the loss of the old ways broke their pride: Soon the
territories left to. them were divided up according to
Wyrmbringer sensibilities:so that they were "civilized"
into poverty and dependence. We could not protect
them or the animals that had once thrived on their
lands. We did what we could to guide wolf packs to the
remaining wilderness in.Canada and hoped we could
protect them: Soon, the First People were all but forgotr-
ten by the Wyrmbringers, only appearing as shadows of
themselves in "Thanksgiving" pageants that glorified
the conquest of their people or in cigar stores as dull-
eyed icons of tobacco:

She frewrapojar PUcr(e

le is only in the 20th Century that the First People
began to unite in groups larger than nations to fight
against the W/yrmbringers. Looking back, it is easy to
see that their efforts in the previous century would
have. been far more successful -if the nations were
united at the first sign of the Europeans. It is also easy
to see how such unification was impossible whem the
people were so diverse and had no easy means of global
communication. Snowmobiles, cars, telephones and
the mail, the very things they, and we, had been
fighting against, turned out to be invaluable in bring-
ing the circumpolar world together. ‘Though. their
unity was not without dissent, it was the first time that
disparate peoples had presented a unified face to the
world. It was as if by labeling their struggle past and
future, asa 500 Year Rebellion, the people of this time
were united with their ancestors in a meaningful quest
to- regain their lands.

The coming together of nations led to many politi-
cal movements, which, though not wholly successful,
eventually brought about the small victories scored at
the close of the century. It's possible there is still more
fruit to be harvested from this unity." The humans' new
spirit of collaboration has been heartening for us to see
if nothing else and perhaps should serve as an example
for the remaining two of the Three Brothers.

28 Wendigo

aa LN A

CO fe _Datkears PLiGh way

As a new céntury began and the Wyrmbringers
warred upon themselves, we thought ourselves safe for
a-time. We even hoped that the Wyrmbringers' wars
would kill them for us or at least weaken their defenses
so that we could finish the job. Perhaps we were not so
foolish. The Wyrmbringers were afraid that their cities
would fall prey to bombing and they howled for war.
Like all frightened people, they demanded that their
leaders do something, even if it was not asensible thing.
Fortifying Alaska to protect the western coast was such
a thing..To accomplish this, they needed a highway, as
the trip was too long by boat. I'm sure the Wyrm hated
all that unpolluted, unpaved land in Canada and cheered
the Wyrmbringers on as they planned their road.

A few corrupted humans of the First People aided
them and served as guides for the bulldozers as they
ripped into mountains, permafrost and muskeg (frozen
swampland). The Wyrmbringers had no maps-and it
made them afraid of the land. Like their fathers, they did
not listen to their fear, but instead pushed on into the
wild places, killirig and maiming land and beast. Their
speed wasso great, they didnot even follow the crooked
rules of their own customs, building the road first and
asking permission from the Canadian government who
claimed the land later. Ina single year, their horrible
road was built. In a few more years, their enemy was
defeated, having never threatened the coast.

We call their terrible road the Wyrm Road and all
the vileness of the enemy skulks along its black asphalt.
It has always been a magnet for evil that séeks an easy
path into the wilderness. Whole packs are devoted to
patrolling' it.-Unlike other-parts of the» Pure Lands
forever lost under thick skins of pavement, the land
pierced by the W/yrm Road remains at least a reflection
of its old splendor. It is perhaps because of this lingering
purity that the black wound of the road attracts the
Wyrm as readily as it-attracts gaping tourists.

Reed Fhe

The 1960s and 70s brought something called the
Red Power movement. It seemed like a good idea and
many of us were supporters of it when it started. Red
Power emulated the Black Power movement in putting
forth the crazy idea that thé members of a-particular
ethnic group were people, therefore deserving of decent
treatment, and, most importantly, if that treatment was
not forthcoming, it was worth fighting for.. No more
polite asking and waiting around. No more watching as
the Wyrmbringer Congress or Parliament passed more
laws that spawned endless paternal agencies meant to

protect the poor ignorant savages from -themselves.~

|


Many Wendigo were eager participants, despite calls for
moderation from. the Sacred Hoop and those nosey
Children of Gaia whelps.

Some of the Red Power people called for monetary
reparations for the centuries of maltreatment, but no
Wendigo was part of that faction.. Take money in ex-
change for the Pure Lands? Never! The US Government
tried to buy the movement's contentment with the
ceding of Alaskan land in the early '70Os and we laughed
in their faces. To their credit,' most of the Red Power
humans did; too. Their original members were idealistic,
seeing themselves on -a-mission to protect traditional
values and enforce native claims on sovereignty.

The Wendigo Philodox, The White Bison Waits
to Return to His People, was the one who did the most
to promote this human movement within our tribe. He
did a- masterful job of uniting the arctic and plains
Garou, both homid and lupus,. despite their many
differences and the large distances separating them. By
creating a united front amongst the Garou that mir-
rored the coming together of the human nations,
Bison Waits hoped that finally our dream of retaking
the Pure Lands would become a reality.

We should have learned fromthe Ghost Dancé
disaster a century earlier: anything that brings wide-

ER ff SUP AIIE

Like many early Wyrmbringers in the Pure
Lands; missionaries encouraged the Inuit to re-
place traditional given-names with ones. taken
from the Bible to help cement their convérsion
from "savage beliefs" to Christianity.. Then, in the
1940s, to help the Canadian government.keep
better records, Inuit living in Canada were given
identification mumbers: The Inuit,. who .do not
have the Wyrmbringer tradition of surnames, were
each given their individual identification number
stamped onto a small, red leather disk on a sturdy
cord. This vile and reprehensible dehumanization
of our Kinfolk and their relatives was'surely the
work of the Weaver and its agents.

For more than twenty years, each family had
only a number — some-of our Theurges suggested
that this marked them as the first humans to stand
as nothing more than numbered drones before the
Weaver's eyes. But the Weaver was too greedy,
and our people pushed back. In the late 1960s, one
Inuit visited every home in the Northwest Terri-
tories and asked each family to choose a surname:
Many chose names from their ancestors or their
fathers: With the newly created last names, the
dehumanizing numbers were abolished.

SS nee ers an re ee EY Ss ee

A 4 ttle Story alot "een! Poni? Legacy

Once upon a time, a golf course wanted to
expand. The land they coveted was tribal land com-
plete with sacred burial ground and the expansion
would require the removal of treés-and ancestral
remains. The First People whose land it was, rather
than thanking the Wyrmbringers for tearing up their
forest and their grandmothers, began an occupation
of the site. The golf course people called the govern-
ment, and soon there were thousands of Canadian
troops with their tanks pointed at the families on the
sacred land. At the same time, the First People were
in-contention amongst themselves, clan mothers and
band council, traditionalists and supporters of the
government, militants and pacifists, all arguing bit-
terly. After afew months,.dozens of the First People
were in the: Wyrmbringers' court and the main evi-
dence against them was a land ‘grant made by a
Wyrmbringer king across the sea.

That isastory you willhearrepeated over and ovér
at moots and Indigenous Rights meetings. W/henever
we hear it, we feel righteous anger and go bash some
heads. It's a real story.-It. happened in. 1990 in
Kanehsatake, Canada,and variations of it have hap-
pened again and again across the Pure Lands. But be
careful. The popular version leaves out some impor-
tant facts: The Band Council and the Clan Mothers
had been fighting bitterly for control of rhe reservation
government for decades.-Omne or the other may have
signed an agreement tosell the land to the government
then tried to back out of it when the decision became
politically unwise.. Most of the armed First People
involved in the standoff with the governrnent soldiers
were not from the local tribe, but part of a militant
group that spun off from the Red Power movement.
These professional protesters came to "help" without
asking permission from the local people. There were
several well-fed Banes at work on the reservation, the
golf course and the local Wyrmbringer government.
Oh, and the sacred land indispute was actually acres of
marijuana. That's right, they were growing acres and
acres of pot on top of their ancestors' bones. A reserva-
tion with 80% unemployment had millions of dollars
of marijuana and you can bet they weren't planning on
smoking it all themselves.

Suddenly you need a scorecard to figuré out who
the bad guysare: Ate we fighting against the smugglers,
the gangsters, the dishonorable leaders, the lawyers,
the thugs, the long-dead King, the drug dealers or the
golf course? The simplified version of the story supplies
such a clearly defined enemy. Maybe the real facts do,
too; kill chem all and ler Gaia-sort it out.

Chapter One: Looking Back From the End Times

CE SN

29


spread hope will end badly. So it was with the majority
of the Red Power movement. It was prey to the greed
and corruption of those stupid apes, and, therefore,
doomed. As if Gaia was driving home the point, the
end again came at Wounded Knee Creek. There is
strange energy at that place, perhaps even a chasm
down into the Abyss. I have heard that it is from
beneath Wounded Knee that another of the greatest
Wyrm beasts will arise, and it will be something as
great and terrible as Eater of Souls. If nothing else, we
should learn to keep the hell away from there because
of the terrible history of the place.

The human role in this was that during the winter
of 1973, a band of Oglala Lakota began the longest
armed conflict since the Wyrmbringers' own Civil
War by retaking Wounded Knee for their nation.
What defeated them at this new Wounded Knee was
not the US Army but bitter fighting between tradi-
tionalists and government supporters within the rebel
group. They defeated themselves and what had begun
as a hopeful vision for the future and purposeful call to
battle quickly disintegrated into armed bands of
drunken warriors riding around in pickup trucks look-
ing for a fight. The Wyrm's minions gobbled up Red
Power members' souls faster than a squirrel eats nuts.
These twisted last vestiges of Red Power still exist.

Even today, armed thugs from distant reservations
travel place to place with the singular purpose of
agitating problems between natives and W yrmbringers.
Much of the drug smuggling and moonshine that
crosses the border between the US and Canada is
organized by these thugs. It's Red Power gone wrong
that provides most of the muscle hired by the Indian
casinos, and even funds several urban Canadian street
gangs. They're the goons who grease the wheels of
gaming table corruption ona dozen reservations. Look-
ing back, it's tempting to conclude thar the movement
did nothing more than create a sort of Red Mafia and
another tale of Indigenous subjugation.

LLAHE SPO

We've always had an oil problem. First, in the form
of whalers bringing us diseases and misery in exchange
for whale oil. I don't remember the full list of all the
delightful things they did with bits of whales. Not eat
them, of course. No, they made perfume, lamp oil and
hair bows, or something like that. All of it was Weaver
crap that they would've been better off without. Then,
just when we'd finally gotten that squared away —
thanks more to our putting down key whaling propo-
nents than to "Save the Whales" bumper stickers —— oil
of another sort became a problem.

Petroleum has been such a source of trouble lately, a
few Wendigo are waxing nostalgic for the Yukon gold

30

LEE Le TT TT a

rush. At least you could stuff prospectors down a hole and
forget about them. What the hell do you do about adamn
pipeline in your back yard? Oilmen are an infestation and
their wells are being punched in Gaia faster than we can
stopper them. The whole arctic is imperiled by offshore
drilling, that damn pipeline, and all the rickety tankers
bobbing along like tasty morsels of death for anyone who
wants to wipe out kilometers of coastline. There have
been a few rare incidents with one or two cubs who
thought that a field trip to an off shore oilrig was a good
idea. Forgive the pun, but that never ends well. Garou
don't do well in confined spaces and rigs have this nasty
habit of catching on fire if you claw the wrong bits.

Mostly, we're stuck on shore, watching the human
cleanup crews using dish scap on the birds and tooth-
brushes on the rocks, trying to scrub everything clean
in the aftermath of the latest spill. Pentex lives for that
stuff. One subsidiary provides the oil spill that turns
everything black, and then another subsidiary supplies
the chemicals that supposedly clean the oil away
again. Everything gets twice the dose of moxious crap
and they get to be heroes in front of the W/yrmbringer
media, too. Even when they're not spilling their poison
everywhere, oil leaves us nothing but foul air, poisoned
water and blackened waste. All of that pollution gets
into the fish, which in turn gets into people and makes
them sick in body or mind.

We've lost strong brothers and sisters in recent the
battles against the twisted things coming out of the
broken seabed, reeking of oil and greed. They're dan-
gerous and have to be put down quickly or they can
poison large swaths of the Umbra. It sounds like a bad
joke, but we've seen more and more of these sludge
monsters over the last couple of decades. I've even
heard rumors of a bigger monstrosity growing under
the seabed, out in the deep water. The Litany says,
"Slay the Wyrm," but I don't remember any mention
of Gaia supplying scuba gear.

Oil's like a siren's call for everything we hate:
Wyrm beasts woken by drilling and dredged up from
the sea along with the fuel; W/yrmbringers hoping for
wealth; those damn Pentex people licking their chops
at all the potential destruction; and Weaver beasts all
but salivating on themselves at the thought of all the
technology the petroleum can fuel. Itseems like a cruel
joke that the scraps of land we have been driven to are
the ones most plagued by the stinking black sludge.

SUL4 a A Of Flee De

The First People's weakness for alcohol, tobacco
and more "recreational" herbs firmly established in the
previous centuries, they've now moved on to gam-
bling. This time at least it's not the Wyrmbringers
raking in the green slips of paper but the natives.


Indian casinos began springing up in the mid-80s and
now are a significant source of income for otherwise
poverty stricken reservations. Some even say the poker
chip is the new buffalo, providing everything for the
people as that animal once did. I think you have to be
addled to comparea piece of plastic to the old ways, but
there. .is-a-kind of charming-irony to taking
Wyrmbringers to-the cleaners thanks to their own
greed. The house always wins and I'm sure it feels good
to be on the winning side of the table for a change.

Casinos are a mixed blessing in the eyes of the
optimistic Wendigo —— there is such a beast, but good
luck finding him. The rest of us see that income is good
for the medicine and education it provides,except that
money only ingrains the W/yrmbringers' ways. With
the loss of their traditions, thé First People are suscep-
tible to the corruptions of materialism, too. Once they
taught their children that loving possessions was wrong.
Now their kids want fancy tennis shoes and shiny cars,
but rarely get them. Reservations account for some of
the poorest areas of US and Canada, with unemploy-
ment rates close to 90%. Introducing alot of money
into-these impoverished communities has not been
without repercussions, namely corruption and greed.
The casinos' profits have sent faction-filled reserva-
tion governments into chaos, while proving too much
temptation for greedy individuals and an all-you-can-
eat buffet for opportunist minions of the Wyrm.

You éver wonder why the Wyrmbringets would
outlaw gambling in-most of their nation. but let the
First People host it in theirs? I don't know either, but
it's not out of generosity, [m certain.

Ped hye

Recently, partly with the encouragement of our
brothers in the Sacred Hoop,-it's become cool to be
Indigenous: To my mind, the only good that's come of
it is that a couple of suddenly well-funded groups have
put the media attention to work, suing museums and
historical societies to regain: artifacts and ancestral
remains... That's been fun to watch. We've even un-
earthed some lost artifacts of our tribe amongst crates
newly dredged out of the back of some: white man's
basement. Those stupid bastards stole so much they
didn't even realize what they had. Makes you wonder
what else they may have'stashed away while they were
carting off our past for their museums of the dead.

On the other hand, these same "Indians" are show-
ing up on CNW as representatives of "their people." Is
that who you -want representing our interests? Don't
look at me like that. ve seen television... Weaver
tendrils shooting straight into your eyéballs as "enter-
tainment." And, where will our "representatives" -be

Se nee eae ens mrereinaen wees amen ste

Chapter One: Looking Back From the Ena T

— RE ——— Sa ENED ED STEEN

tomorrow? Remember this rule of the W/yrmbringers:
what's in vogue today will be passé tomorrow. Though
our Kin are indigenous full time, these blonds in buck-
skin will soon tire of the playacting and ignore the true
First People all the more once they're out of fashion.
Seria

Great distancés séparaté us from our brothers in
Siberia, and until recently, the Shadow Curtain veiled
them from. our sight.-It-is good to-remember that we
share a totem and a history of Wyrmbringer invasion
with these familiar strangers as we reestablish contact
and unite the circumpolar world.

Their lot has been both better and worse than our
own. For many, the old ways were not truly imperiled
until the last century when the Trans-Siberian. rail-
road made their-frozen lands-accessible to the
Wyrmbringets. -They were not so sheltered from the
creatures spawned .from-the -W/yrmbringer "empires
surrounding them; however.-I suspect, . based on the
horrors they -have survived, that they must be the
greatest warriors of our tribe.

They have faced the Wyrmbringers and the
W/yrmcomers, especially the Silver Fangs and Get, inall
too familiar ways. Communism and the Trans-Siberian
railroad were the greatest perils of the last hundred years
for their human Kin, while oil prospecting and hunting
threatened the wolves. Exploitation of Siberia's miner-
als, timber and oil is nothing new, but with the modern
age, they've become that much: more accessible and
desirable for greedy Wyrmbringers..In addition to the
human threats, Siberia has a disturbingly high concen-
tration of leeches along the western border, the worst of
which was the creature calling itself Baba Yaga.

Only pieces of the tale have made it out of Russia
since her defeat, but it is certain that the Hag, Baba
Yaga, and her army of minions made the mid-90s
perilous times for all of the Garou of Russia. I heard
that she was the oldest and greatest of the leeches.
Others whisper that she was the result of a mating
between a Leech and the Wyrm or even the twisted
remnants of a-powerful Wyld-spirit so' thoroughly
corrupted as to. be unrecognizable.. It "seems that
‘Theurgesrarely give straight answers about such things

Most of the battles were concentrated away from our
people in Siberia, but Wendigo warriors claimed the first
significant victory against Baba Yaga's forces. Their as-
sault came at great cost and was our only major battle of
the war. Victory tasted too bitter arid brought a reward of
ambush, betrayal, and the loss.of noble Blood-on-the-
Wind. He was lost not during the battle, but on his way
meet with the Silver Fangs who wished to coordinate
attacks on the Hag: Those lying bastards claim they had

imes 31

t

nothing ‘to do with his murder, but after-a-history of
betrayal, how could we be sure? The Wendigo chose to
withdraw and strengthen their own defenses in Siberia
rather than fight beside such treacherous "allies."

In the years since Baba Yaga's defeat, Siberia has
been quieter if not peaceful... There. are ‘still many
Wyrm beasts and rumors of something worse than the
Hag soon to come..-The Wyrmcomers' numbers were
greatly reduced by the war with Baba Yaga but with the
end of the Shadow Curtain, other Garou are moving in
to take their place. I fear that the Wendigo of Siberia
willhave new enemies amongst the Wyrmcomers very
soon.as their caerns and wild wolves become tempta-
tions for another wave of invasion:

Niewnatcttl

In 1999, the territory of Nunavut was created from
thescraps of Canada's Northwest Territories and placed
under Aboriginal rule. It is the largest victory since the
Alaska Native Claims Settlement of 1971, when the
US government gave almost'200,000 square km and
$962 million to its wronged indigenous peoples. The
province is held up as the most hopeful outcome of the
Red Power movement of the 1960s and 70s, and the
poster child for the Indigenous Peoples movement of
the new millennium.

The Inuit-governed province is a positive step to
retaking our lands. Finally, theré isa place where our Kin
are recognized as being in charge. Better, they form a
government we can work with rather than endlessly
struggle against. It feels strange to cooperate with hu-
man leaders again. It's not all harmony and happiness,
of course, but Nunavut means those in charge listen to
us and follow the old ways. Nunavut is also a strong
example for the other Wyrmbringer governments and
we hope that soon we may havea similar victory in the
United States: Perhaps they could give us Wyoming.

Far more important than politics; the Wendigo
tribe finally has a stronghold. We have been relegated
to guerilla. warfare for far too-long and our .entire
protectorate has-suffered. With at least one place we
can call our own, we have somewhere to gather-our
resources and plan our continuing battles. Our tribe
can only benefit from having a secure place to teach
our cubs and plan our strategies.

‘There'sa lot of bitching about how the land is useless
or unwanted. An unpolluted corner of the Pure Lands is
never useless! As for unwanted, our tribe and our Kinfolk
have always chosen to live in such places.. The lands of
Nunavut are only useless or unwanted if you are a stupid
Wyrmbringer who doesn't have sense enough to survive
without satellite TV and a microwave.

32 Wendigo

OLE Le EE, LT A ET iy 7

potter Ulew or Nisvattf

Memory Never Sléeps, Galliard of the
Wendigo, speaks about Nunavut:

Amongst our tribe; the Ghost Dancers crow
with pride over this victory as they try to turn
Nunavut -into.a Wendigo staging ground and
homeland. Like Israel — and we all know how well
that worked. You cannot artificially create sucha
place and expect it to work.

Others of ussee Nunavut asjust another defeat.
It took 30 years of struggle within the Wyrmbringers'
legal and political systems to gain largely undesir-
able and unpopulated land; and we thank them for
it, as if was the answer to all our hopes. As if the
Wyrmbringers owned the land they're so gener-
ously giving to the poor Indians... The new Inuit
government conducts its business in the Inuktitut
tongue but none of their children remember ‘it.
They spend their days with parliamentary proce-
dure rather than hunting. They havea damn website
celebrating their achievement, and their big dream
is for. another share of land, if only they can find
some more scraps the ‘qallunaat (W/yrmbringers)
have discarded. Forgive me if I don't get up and
dance. The very name, "Nunavut," (our home-
land) makes me want to kick sommeone's ass.

Worse, this ridiculous idea is drawing attention
from the Wyrm and making Nunavut a target for
every tainted beast able toslink along the pack ice to
get there. Great bloated narwhales are coming up out
of the sea and eating fishermen,snowmobilés andall.
Fomori are driving the Inuit inhabitants to despair,
playing upon the final loss of the old ways self-
government has brought, causing the statistics for
alcoholism, suicide and child abuse to soar. Thereare
even rumors that the Aurora Borealis séen from
Nunavut is turning the black and brown of burning
cloth from some unknown malignancy.

Al of this trouble — and thé internal strife it
inspires: —— drains more-of our-résources than
Nunavut is worth. We've got a huge protectorate
and no. shortage of battles. More than..a few
Wendigo would rather just give the damn thing
back than dance to the Wyrmbringers' tune. After
all, we can name the whole continent "Nunavut"
once we've finally driven the Europeans back into
the Atlantic and reclaimed the Pure Lands.

Lately there have been rumors of Wyrm activity
converging on. Nunavut, but so far there isn't much
evidence of this.. Despite all the doom.and gloom,
Nunavut in actuality seems to be no more troubled than
anywhere else in the Arctic. The rumors of pollution


Ll

may be some:sort of Wyrm trick, trying to further divide
us with phantom fears.. They could also be the work of
Wyrmcomers, trying to keep us from regaining our
power over the Pure Lands. It sounds like something
they'd do; get us chasing after shadows. while they
plotted ways to take what little we have. hate to say it,
but the misinformation could even be the work of our
own brothers, spreading lies in order to erode the power
of Nunavut..Afrer so long, some of us are fearful of the
most dangerous and treacherous of beasts: hope.

Cor Face Ataondg tlie F ttt Fete

Even the most progressivé of the Wendigo are
traditionalists by comparison to the First People of
modern times. We—andto alesserextent our Kinfolk
- are falling further and further out of step with our
more distant human relatives, but cannot say ifweare
falling behind or'pulling too far ahead...The First
People have spent acentury drifting deeper and deeper
into the quagmire of Wyrmbringer ways; becoming
dependant on their technology from snowmobiles to
satellite TV. They seem to forget the old ways faster
with each passing generation until all that is left isa
displaced people living on the scraps of W/yrmbringer
society. Many of their languages are only known toa
handful of old men..Once they are gone, those pieces
of the past are gone forever.

We are uncertain of our place among these bittér,
discarded people... Perhaps there -is no place for us
unless we remind them of the past they are losing or
sugar coating in New Age voodoo and circus spectacle.

Our hope has cOme not from the humans but the
return of free, wild wolves to a few places we feared
would never host .a pack again. Buffalo, too, have been
coaxed out of the past. These are wonderful things, but
the fragility of their existence makes us aware now more
than ever of what we have lost. Qur enemies know how
delicate these scraps.of the old wildemess are, and how
much-of our hope goes with them. Even if we never
return to Wounded Knee Creek, our hopes can still be
crushed like brittle ice..To protect our land, .and our-
selves, we become -fiercer, colder and stronger. Father
Wendigo knew of our need long ago and gave us tools to
retake what was lost with the icy fury of his savage heart.

VR Fiore

The End Times are finally here. We kniow that we
are out of time, but I ask Gaia to-give sore of Her
strength to the Wendigo so that we may take back the
Pure Lands before the end...Many of us would die
happily, if only we could bring our world around to the
land of summer we still distantly remember.' That may
be the one wish the whole tribe could make together.
What other hope for the future can we have?

33

a de a Ny



These lands are ours. No-one ‘has a right to remove us,
because we were the first owners. The Great Spirit above has

we will remain.

appointed this place for us;on which-to light our fires,-and here

"Tecumseh; Chief of the Shawnee

Walking Bird speaks:

Let's get one thing straight: ''m not here to make you
feel good. What I am here to do is tell you what you need to
know. Pili tell you what you are, who you come from, and
what you've gotten yourself into.-I have no patience for
whining, mewling kittens. You want to be a cat? Maybe-in
your next life you'll be one. You -are-Wendigo: You will
listen, or when the things I teach are needed, you will die.

Weare Wendigo. Weare Garou. We are the last of the
Pure Ones..Once there were three tribes that-could claim
that name. The Croatan gave themselves to destroy a great
evil and were not reborn. The Ukrena live yet, but they have
bargained away their purity for secrets best left hidden.
‘There are others, as well. The Wyrmcomers. The European
Garou. They who should have known better; who came to
our lands and drove our péople out. They who brought with
them the Eater of Souls and a horde of lesser evils.. The
Uktena have earned our disdain-and the Wyrmcomers
deserve only contempt: W/e alone remain as we came to this
land, as Gaia intended. Pure in the old ways..Pure in our
purpose and our blood.

Our traditions are thousands of years old, and we of all
the Garou are closest to our Kin. They may not directly share

our values, our customs; and our trials; but the traditions
have danced intertwined throughout history. ur Kinfolk
resist the whites that would destroy us, as wedo- They are our
closest allies against the terrible, creeping rot that is the
Weaver and draws us away from ourselves, our traditions,
and our spirits into a-world where there is no Indian, no
Lakota, no Salish, no Inuit, no Wendigo.

Don't get me wrong+—~ not all indigenous people aré our
Kinfolk, not by along shot. But nearly all of our Kinfolk are
indigenous,.if you take my meaning.

We are a people at war. We live in-enemy territory;
every day our conquerors come to the landsthey have fenced
in for us, their reservations,and take pictures of us and speak
of us with pity and contempt for they think we do not know
we are conquered. 1 say they do not know we are freer than
they could ever hope to be, but they will-One day, one day
soon they will know and they will weep for their children as
we push them back -into the sea.

A fe Pays Of SVE sUenige
Favice

We Wendigo aren't long orf procedure when it comes
to asséssing guilt and levying punishments: Of the three

CAapter Two: Beating the Driers 35

—

NH

brothers, Croatafi was the one rmiost concerned with law.
There are too many other things in the north to worry about
for us-to be concerned with long, drawn-out "trials'.. If a
Wendigo commits a crime against the tribe, Gaia, or ari
other Garou, there aré two ways it can be handled... Number
one: The wronged party issues a challenge. There's a fight.
The winner is the one that's judged in the right. Simple as
that. Number two: Appeal to the elders for tribal justice.
Each one has its advantages and disadvantages.

If you go thé route of trial by cormbat; the most you're
likely to get is a good solid ass-kicking. A little loss of glory,
a little public humiliation and you're done. The down side
is that we don't live in medieval Europe..Sure, the spirits
favor those that are in the right, but we all know that only
goes so far. It's highly unlikely you're going to convince any
doubters of the right of your case by kicking the shit out of
the other werewolf. If that doesn't matter to you, and you're
pretty sure you.ccan take your rival, by all means take it to the
dirt and settle it quick.

Putting your fate in the hands of the elders is entirely
different. Make sure, if you pick this option, you mind your
‘p's and ‘q's because everything is going to come out before
you're through... The good thing is,,.-when the Elders pro-
nounce you innocent, everyone is going to believe it. Well,
almost everyone. There are always those who simply willnot
be convinced..Generally though, when the Grandmothers
and Grandfathers say a thing is so, we believe them. The bad
thing is, if you're guilty you just might end up dead.

Most times, for the litrle things; the Elders just refusé
to listen to it. They don't have time to settle every dispute
that crops up in -the sept. Orher-times, the Elders take
control of the matter and the parties' wishes' be damned.
They rarely step in without an invitation for anything
short of egregious violations of the Litany or disputes that
threaten the unity of the tribe itself. W/hen they do, their
word is law and that law, like Great Wendigo himself, is
cold and merciless.. Those who are judged guilty of crimes
against Gaia, the tribe or the Litany are given two options
Cif they're given any choice at all): be cast out of the tribe
and named pariah, forever banished from ‘the succor and
comfort of sept, caern and Kin; or die, either by suicide or
execution. Occasionally those who hold high station are
given. a third option: Face one of the great foes and die in
battle; but this boom is rare. The Song of Silver Elk and the
Long Trek is the tale of one'such Wendigo —~ condemned
to die and granted the boon of a glorious death —— that
actually survived the battle with the creature meant to slay
him. He returned twice-the hero he had been, and his
crimes forgiven. If you haven't heard it already you soon
will, it's an old favorite of our Galliards: But keep this in
mind when you do hear it. There's a reason it's one of our
favorite songs: It has only ever happened that once.

36 Wlendigo

OLE LF, ET OS YT A A

fore fo P titnt Uowur L0ofler

We must be above reproach: Weare thé last of the
Pure Ones, and for Gaia's sake, we plan to stay that way.
But occasionally Old Wendigo gets a little carried away
and touches one of his children a little toodeeply.. And
unfortunately, whenever there are rumors that gigantic
wild animals are eating humans, all of the other tribes
give us sidelong glares. Cannibal spirit of winter and all
that, you know. When one of our tribe strays from the
path and gets herself an itch to eat a little long pig, it's
our responsibility to see that she is either brought back
to the fold or culled. If we get wind of a Wendigo who's
been nibbling on sheep of the two-legged variety, here's
what happens:

© We call in the Elders. Cannibalistn is a-sérious
accusation and mustn't be levied lightly. The ranking
Garou.in the aréa considers the matter and decides
whether it merits action or is just the Wyrmcomers
spouting bogey stories again. If the suspected Cannibal
is the ranking Garou, the situation should be immedi-
ately passed up the line to nearest Garou of similar rank
or greater for appraisal.

* Assuming the accused is found to be guilty of
carinibalism, the pack nearest the offender is alerted to
the situation and given-orders as to how they should
proceed... Depending on ‘the circumstances they might
be ordered to kill the offender on sight or they may be
instructed to offer the cannibal a chance to repent of
her crimes and take the Rite of the Second Birth.

¢ Either the offender is killed and the Rite of the
Wayward Warrior is performed to aid her spirit into the
‘Tribal Homeland or she undergoes the Rite of the
Second Birth and is made new in the eyes of Gaia.
Either way, the matter is done and done and is never
spoken of again.

Regardless of how the situation shakes out, there
are a few rules that must always be followed... Number
one —+-speak of the matter to no one.who-is not
Wendigo-. Not Uktena, not Kinfolk, not your imagi-
nary friend Clive the hamster. No one. Number two —
unless the accused is about to go public all on her own
by lunching ona school bus full of W/yrmbringer pups,
accept no aid from anyone who is not Wendigo. This is
a private matter to be kept among our tribe alone. To
pass the -punishment of one of our own. off on an
outsider is a deadly insult to Great Wendigo himself.
We will not permit it: Number three -— you neverheard
the words ‘Rite of the Second Birth'. 1 didn't say them,
and if asked I will deny ever hearing of such a thing.
This is one of our most potent secrets, make -sure you
keep it that way or, assure you, you will pay a far greater
price than some poor hungry bastard that nibbled on
the wrong piece of meat.


— =
The tay of Cat

Ours is the way of Gaia. For thousands of years wé
have lived on this land, lived with this land and all its
creatures. We -know the spirits and the hearts of all its
peoples from the two-legged peoples to the four-legged
peoples to the winged peoples. They are as kin to us, each
and every one and we give them<all the honor-they
deserve. Many these days do not know this —— they donot
thank the creatures that die so we may eat their flesh. They
do not thank the sun for making the corn grow, nor the
Earth for all Her bounties. They are blind to
the world, and they infect our Kin with that
blindness... They have infected you, cub. But I
am here with preat medicine to scrape the
blindness from your eyes. Listen closely and you
might prove yourself less of a fool than 1 expect.
\ Some ‘say we came here across a great

+, a. bridge. Some say we have always been here, as
as! ~y long as the wolf and the caribou -have been
oy here. No matter —~ if we were not born here, we
have lived here 0 long that it does not matter.

Wekept this land as our cousins across the water
could not: We lived with the Earth, not upon Her:
We did not take what we wished from Her but
accepted what She gave to us and we did prosper.
< We lived in. concert with the Earth,-in harmony
with all Her creatures,-and the Wyrm could get no

S sure footing upon this land. Puré it was, and so we

° +. -named it: the Pure Lands. We the Pure Ones were
: chosen by Gaia for this place. We gave thanks to the
3 spirits for their bounty and did honor to their names.
* We taught our Kin to live as wedid, and they learned
- to live in the way of Gaia.. Though the war form still put

fear in their hearts, they knew us and honored us for the
sacred duty we bore. We found in them allies in great
number and gave to them our respect..As they fared, so
then did we — for good orill: As we fared, so then did they.
We lived in concert with our Kin.

Ass we were Herfavored children, given guardianship
over Her purest lands, Gaia gave us also many sacred ways
to strengthen us toward Her purpose, as did Her lesser
spirits. In our way we passed these on to our Kinfolk,
that they might also turn their spirits to Gaia's work

(though we did keep the most sacred for ourselves,

as it should be). And as the ways passed among the
many peoples, from grandmother to grandmother, the
sacred ways changed. In time it could not be told which
had come from which, for the peoples had taken the ways
and made' them their own,.as Gaia had intended, that
each people would have theit own means of touching Her
spirit, as befit them. And so the Pure Lands were full of
many ways and the spirit peoples were much pleased, and
Gaia with them.

Should you travel among the caeris you will find
many ways that are different from ‘what I will tell you.

a SS

4

Respect them for it is as Gaia intended. Are all deér the
same? Does each rabbit bear the same markings? Wear the
same coat? No, I say..And that is as Gaia intended: It is the
same with the ways of the Wendigo. We are one people
made of many. We speak to-the spirit peoples as befits
ourselves, but always with respect. I will tell you now ofsome
of the ways that you might know our rites when you see
thém. ‘This isn't a complete list of our rites —— it isn't even
close. But these rites are known well among our peoples from
the ice in the north to the mountains in the south and you
had better know them; too.

FRAO

The powwow is where we attend the spiritual needs of
our people. We dance and sing to please our ancestors and
all the spirit péoples. We make our offerings and our requests
to the spirits that aid and guide us. There is no formula for
holding a powwow. Each of the peoples from whom we come
has their own ways,and even those ways change as the years
go by. The way of Gaia is not static. It flows and shapes itself
to the needs of those that practice it. There are a few things,
though, that you ¢an count on. There is singing. There is
dancing. And there is drumming.

Recent years have seen a revival of the practice; thanks
in no small part to the efforts of many Wendigo and Kinfolk
activists. It is not uncommon to see hundreds of Indians
traveling hundreds of miles to dance at a powwow. These
gathering are impottant for maintaining the old ways and
educating the young in how to conduct themselves accord-
ing to our heritage.

‘The smaller powwows are more potent than large ones.
The large gatherings are all about reforging the bonds of our
people. As the gatherings get smaller, the focus turns more
to the spirits and the renewal of the ancient pacts between
them and our people. At the larger, spectators are welcome
— often, the great powwows are a source of considerable
income for our Kinfolk. Just goes to show you how dead the
Wyrmbringers are in their spirits that they would pay to see
someone else get right with his own. The smaller powwows
are a different matter. The renewal of personal spirit bonds
is an intimate thing and not for white eyes.

FCS CS

‘The podlatch and gatherings like it are where we take care
of business of the mundane sort. The specifics of the tradition
change from region to region, but the basics remain constant.
There is usually food. There are usually gifts, and always talk.
The potlatch is where we award or revoke Renown. We tell
tales of the deeds of our tribe; we pass down and reaffirmed our
history..A visitor invited to potlatch should expect to offer
news of where he came from, at the very least

In places where we are few and our neighbors live very
far away, the potlatch and the powwow become the same
gathering. Many of our northern Kin have always gathered
in this way. Those further south do so as well when there is
not time or need to gather in great numbers.-We are not a

38 Wendigo

LEE Le PT SE Ta —— a A

forrhal people: Wendigo and the spirits of our people are nor
so petty as to demand we do all things in-one way and one
way only.. Leave that to the white men and their God. Our
totems aré kin tous, and they treat us as daughters and sons.
This is the way of Gaia.

kreat lUerdige ani fhe Song
of fhe Long Nigl¥

We are a warrior people and our totem is the greatest
watrior of all. Wherever he goes, the people fear him for his fury
and his strength. He runs on the wind and freezes the hearts of
our enemies with a breath. His fury is so terrible that for all the
year he does not sleep but runs across the sky hunting Gaia's
enemies and lending his strength to our people. But all things
of Gaia must sleep lest weariness and madness take them. So
when the winter is deepest, we sirrg the Song of the Long Night
in every caern and every sept. When Great Wendigo hears it,
his rage is quelled for a time, and he sleeps and dreams of the
hunts of the coming year. When the sun rises on the next day
be sure to cry loudly so that Wendigo awakes, otherwise he will
be angry and you will have bad luck until hesleeps again. In this
way we count the passing of the years and Wendigo is renewed.
It has always been so. It shall always be until the Great War
comes and the world is made anew.

Fé Ste Face

The Sun Dance is many things. It is the most sacred of
our rituals. Ir is both sacrifice and gift. Honorand obligation.
It.is a plea,.and a challenge. It is the beginning and the
ending of a year of living with Earth. It is not for the eyes of
the whites nor even for the eyes of indigenous people who
are not our Kinfolk. It is a ritual of renewal and dedication
that binds us to the powers of the world.

The Sun Dance always takes place in the summer,
when the chokecherries are ripe."A-cottonwood tree is
chosen and sanctified. A favored warrior is permitted to
count coup onthe tree. He approaches it three times and, on
the fourth approach, touches it with his hatchet. Then we
cut down the tree and dress it with sacred paints and items.
When it is ready, we take the center pole to the Lodge of
Mysteries, acircle sét with many more poles and a hole at the
center. We fill the hole with tobacco, sweetgrass and a pipe
before weplant the centér pole in it.-After purifying them-
selves in the inipi (see below), the Dancers enter the caern's
Great Lodge and begin. dancing around the center pole,
singing prayers. As they turn, the medicine men leading the
Dance pull them from their course around the lodge and
thrust needles of silver through their flesh. The greatest
warriors receive piercings through both shoulder and breast.
We then raise them above the ground until the weight of
their bodies tears them loose and they fall. Most, though,
only receive piercings through the breast and must then
struggle to free themselves of their bonds: As each tears the
tines from his flesh,-a- medicine man comes and presses
sacred herbs to his wounds then offers him a pipe. When all
have torn themselves free and made their sacrifice and


prayers, a great feast is held and the Dancers partake of much
honor and glory. It is by their sacrifice that the tribe is made
strong for the coming year: It is by their blood, shed to honor
the sun and the buffalo, and all the spirits of the universe,
that we are bound again to Gaia's favor.

This is the way of Gaia; and of our people. We are purified
in the struggle..As we make war on our bodies, we strengthen
our spirits. We look'to the sun as we dance that it might give
us strength. Our blood waters the earth, returning to our
Mother Gaia the life that She bestowed upon us. It is a pact
and we honor it with our pain, our prayers and the flesh of our
bodies. So it ever has been, so it always must be.

Losil

The Sweat lodge is the core of our faith. If the Sun
Dance is a feast of the spirit, the inipi is breakfast, lunch and
dinner on every other day. Itis aritual of purification and the
chief forum for prayer. Our most potent rites begin with an
inipi ceremony, cleansing the participants that they might
be found pleasing to the spirits. Many end with the inipi as
well, closing the circle. The lodge itself is a representation
of the entire universe: Fire at its center, the Earth repre-
sented in the rocks heated by the flame. The smoke of the
sweetgrass is the wind that carries our prayers to Gaia and
Her spirits. That water that is heated by the stones cleanses
us of the stains of the Wyrm.

Mtoor Fhipce

This is one of the few ceremonies we'do not share with
our Kinfolk. Ir was given to us by our Grandmother Luna for
us and us alone, that we could speak to her in times of need.
It is never undertaken lightly: When great trials and questions
plague our peoples, a Theurge is chosen of the Elders to lead
the Moon' Dance.-A. sacred vessel is crafted in a fashion
befitting the nature of the question and prepared to contain
a great spirit: The dancers then pass into the Umbra and
choose a spirit path. They sing and pray as they run and, if
Luna favors their prayers, a Lune appears. The ‘Theurge
chosen to lead the rite must first count coup on the spirit with
the vessel she carries. The Theurge and the spirit then struggle
against each other. The longer the battle, the more auspicious
an answer we receive. Should the Theurge overcome Luna's
spirit; it passes imto the vessel and remains until the next
spring, when the fetish shatters with the first cracking of the
ice. Should the Theurge be overcome instead, her spirit enters
the vessel and dwells there so long as it is whole. The vessel
knows its proper wielder -and,.upon. first' being lifted, it
provides whatever answer Luna has seen fit to grant.

LUepatage around fle lUcr/e

Once these lands were pure. Once our people could
walk from one sea to another freely, for our guardianship
reached from shore to shore, Our brothers, Uktena and
Croatan, held all that we did not and we were welcome in
their lands..Once these lands prospered,.and all the crea-
tures upon them prospered, and all the people on them

Se een. ees en ree seeen Pees SS es ee

prospered for ours is and always was thé way of Gaia..Once
we lived in paradise, but no more. Five hundred years ago,
everything changed.

The Wyrmbringers came and they brought weapons
devised by -the twisted mind of the Weaver. Weapons
envenomed by the evil of the W/yrm.-And with their Kin
came the Wyrmcomerts, our cousins in blood if not in spirit.
The Wyrmbringers drove our Kin from theit lands, poisoned
their children with tainted blankets‘and shot down our
women with guns and cannon. The W/yrmcomers drove our
péople from their caerns, claimed that our guardianship of
them had ended, and usurped our rightful place as caretakers
of this land. They brought with them, hidden among their
people; an evil so great it took the life of our brother tribe
entire and we hear him sing no more.

Once this land was ours. Now, wé are fenced in with
broken promises. Our lands were stolen fromi us by white lies
and the betrayal of our cousins. The Wyrmcomers took from
us the lands entrusted to ourcare by Gaia Herself, and they
congratulate themselves to-this day for ‘saving' the land
from our incompetence. I say, look upon the land and see —
it is as the Old World, blackened and charred by the fire of
the Wyrm, its waters poisoned, its skies tainted, its earth
torn open and Gaia's very bones laid bare. If our caretaking
was incompetent, I pray for competence to leave these lands
again and return them to the verdant, vibrant peace that
was. Once these lands were pure, but no more.

The Ctptfed Stifer

Our past in the Uniréd States is full of bitterness,
betrayal and rage. Our present shows little hope of being
different. No one says the words ‘Manifest Destiny' any-
more, but they don't have to. That destiny has become
present-day fact. The whites cling to the idea that they
alone have the right to hold the reins of the world and that
anyone who resists the forced adoption of the ‘American
Way of Life' isan ignorant, tyrannical enemy best wiped out
for the good of the world. They plunder the resources of the
Pure Lands to fuel their fabled Progress. They wage war on
nations in the name of Freedom -and they're blind to the
oppression going on within their own borders. "They stomp
on. fleas and pronounce themselves glorious victors and
champions of freedom. We would show them glory, if only
there weren't so many of them.

These days, we lie low. We €an't strike openly and in
strength against the whites,'so we strike quietly and cun-
ningly. We're all at war; every single Wendigo knows this,
believes it and accepts it. How could you be Wendigo and
not? We differ mainly in how we mean to fight it.

In the States we are forced into close proximity with the
Wyrmcomers and their Kin. Unless we mean to abandon
our own Kinfolk ard leave caerns that have been held for
centuries by Wendigo, we have no choice. In all honesty,
there are good things and bad things that come of this
enforced proximity. In most cases it stokes Our rage and

Chapter Two: Beating the Orr 39

EE a NS

4

deepens the divides between us and the other Garou. But
from time to time, it actually fosters cooperation and under-
standing on both sides. It's a grudging sort of neighborhood
at best, born out of the necessities of survival, but there are
those that would say any cooperation is a step in the right
direction.

Whe Creat Paty

For years the Great Plains and the American Midwest
have been a hotbed of indigenous resistance, always heated
and occasionally violent. From Wounded Knee and the
rejection of US Rule by the Indian leaders of the nineteenth
century to the protest actions of the American Indian
Movement inthe Sixties and Seventies. Those that preached
the violent overthrow of white American authority found
no shortage of willing listeners at any time. It's only natural
that the Wendigo of the Warpath would find fertile ground
in which to sow the seeds of their own particular agenda.
Even those of the Wendigo that don't claim formal alle-
giance with the Warpath certainly hold closely to their
ideals. It's a brave wolf that dares speak of coexistence in the
Badlands of the Dakotas.

‘The violence has largely subsided over the past fifteen
years, from its last peak in the 1970s. Scandal, infighting,
and the imprisonment of several prominent activists took
much of the force out of the movement. But the movement
is by no means over. Just stop in at any Wendigo sept from
Michigan to Wyoming and say the name Leonard Peltier.
Yow ll have to wipe the froth off your face before they're
done chewing your ear. No, the movement is far from over
and the quiet of late has come to bother some of the more
moderate voices of our tribe at that. Some are afraid the lull
is evidence of something afoot.

Che Hactile Nerflelf

Eddie Broadback, Galliard of the Sept of the Standing Trees
speaks:

The rainforests of Washington and Oregon are as thick
with Wendigo as anywhere in the States. We've made some
significant advances there in recent years as a result. The
limitations set on development in Portland, the protection
of vital habitats (if you haven't heard of spotted owls, Iswear
you must have grown up under a rock ——~ or lupus, but
really... nevermind), and the reintroduction of wolves into
their natural habitat are just a few. We've had our setbacks,
too. Don't get me started on that idiocy in Vancouver.
Garou prophets and vampires. Great Gaia, I don't know
who could have thought it was destined for anything but a
bloodbath. We lost too many good warriors there just so
some fucking Wyrmcomers could learn you never trust a
talking cadaver.

‘Then there was the Ice King. I'm told he was some sort
of demon trying to become a lord of Hell by killing off an
entire line of Wendigo. Why us? Why nor? I really have no
idea. You're better off asking a Theurge ‘why' questions. But
this is what I hear: Long ago he was human. He got it into his

40 Wendigo

OLE Le Ps EDT ADT LT A

SECS 0f fle Ntig lity Papers

Broken Ice, lupus Ahroun, came late to the Change.
He was nearly six years old when he discovered what he
truly was in 1970 and had been alpha of his own back
for almost five of them. By dint of ashrewd understand-
ing of pack dynamics, powerful skills and battle, and an
unwavering instinct for politics, he rose to the leader-
ship of the sept, his rivals withered before the glory of
his deeds. In 1975, in his first act as sept leader, he swore
to put an end to shipping om the waters of Lake
Superior. He and his sept summoned a great storm and
sank a freighter carrying iron ore, dashing it, its crew
and cargo to the bottom of the lake. Imagine Broken
Ice's disappointment when it failed to inspire fear in the
industry. Instead, some damned fool wrote a song about
it and made heroes of the dead sailors.

Broken Ice was undeterred. He turned his hand
instead to the miners, loggers, and hunters that ran
thick as flies over the wilderness of the Upper Penin-
sula. Millions of dollars have been lost tothe predations
of his Garou, hundreds of people have died in accidents
and animal attacks. Glory heaped upon him and his
sept with every passing year, but the rumors say the
failure of the Edmund Fitzgerald still eats at him.

Broken Ice is grown old now, and his scars weigh
heavily on him and his great failure as well. A year ago
I passed through their lands. He would not speak with
me, but one of his sept told me he speaks often of the
ship and of his legacy. Last I heard, the sept had cut all
communications. J fear he may be plotting some great
deed to end his life. lhope only that he doesn't take the
rest of us down in the process.

idiot monkey head that it would: be good to become a lord of
Hell. He got in with the Wyrm and started killing offa family
of Wendigo, but before he finished our ancestors got together
and laid him out. Thing is, and I hate it when this happens ——
it happens all too often-—he didn't die. He was bound or went
to sleep or something. No one's really sure. Regardless — in
the fall of 1996 the old bastard woke up and got it in his head
that he'd like to finish what he started. Sohe started following
his nose after the last of these W/endigo he'd been itching to
kill. While he was sleeping, though, whatever it was that was
keeping him under dosed him with a bundle of Wyld energies,
too. Made him a total nutburger (like wanting to be a Lord of
Hell is the career path of asame man inthe first place). What's
more, he'd gone from mildly imposing French-Canadian fur-
trapper to eighteen-foot-tall ice monstrosity.

So anyway, he marched south through the LJmbra, drag-
ging a blizzard of twisted wyldlings along after him and stirring
up storms all along the way. We fielded our best packs and
headed afterhim. He wound upat an old caern we'd sealed years
and years before, but that had been opened back up again by a
bunch of W/yrmcomers. There was a big fight (there always is).
The Wyrmcomers were having their asses handed to them.


SS re

Normally, we'd be glad to let them get iced, but this was above
and beyond... When Gaia's.on the line 1 don't care who -is
standing next to' you, you fight..So-we did. Or they did, I
suppose. It was before my time, really. Inthe end, he vanished,
the W/yrimcomers proved to be ingratés, as everyone expected,
and we decided some of our folk ought to hang around thar
caern to make sure they didn't go mucking it up.

As for the Ice King, some say he went back to Hell.
Some say the Wyld itself destroyed him. Some say he gota
handle on whatever the Wyld did to him and disappeared
into the Umbra to begin plotting some real mischief. 1 don't
rightly know, but [ll tell you this: I don't know anyone who
has seen his dead body, nor anyone whowas there and could
tell me he was well and truly destroyed. These things have
away of coming back.-I wouldn't be surprised if this one
showed up again for the big finale.

After those messes, nobody had much stomach for big-
time political wrestling and much as it galls me to say it, I
think we might be gerring somewhere as a result. There are
more mixed-tribe packs on the West coast than anywhere
else ve been.I'd even go so far as to say relations were damn
near friendly ina few places where we share space with the
Wyrmcomers.Oh, sure, there are tensions. Always are when
Garou get together, no matter what-the tribe. But it's
nothing like you'd see.in some other places Uwe been.
Almost pleasant. Clearly the Apocalypse is close at hand.

CRSP CCHF

We don't have a lot todo with the lands'east of the
Great Lakes: The Croatan traditionally held the majority of
the coastal térritories under their protection. And obvi-
ously, the.East Coast was. the.first beachhead for the
Wyrmbringers' invasion. Still, we do maintain a handful of
caerns near the reservations where our Kinfolk live. As the
scabs have spread, though, our numbers have dwindled..I
can think of three septs that remain worth mentioning: The
Sept of the Broken Waves, The Deep Snow Sept, and the
Sept of Seven Trees. At most, they can cournt-a few dozen
Wendigo between them: But they persist —— holding their
protectorates against daily sorties from the Scar —— vam-
pires, Banes, Black Spiral Dancers: Everything that finds
shelter in the corrupted environs of Urban Sprawl eventu-
ally spins its way out to assault our brothers.

Turns out, they've become some of the most practical
Wendigo around, too. A lot of the hardliners won't even go
out there nowadays ‘cause of all the Wyrmcomers coming
and going from our ¢aerns: It's a ‘matter of survival for our
eastern brothers:. Any port ‘ina storm, any ally when. the
enemy's at the door.

La aA

We don't go far south of the northernmost row of statés
in any numbers, but there are a few roaming packs of note
and a caern down in New Mexico 1 ought to mention, too.

For starters: The Sept of the Painted Sands: It's our
southernmost caernand it's about assmallasasept gets. There

wt

er ..
en Se ,


are a handful of Wendigo there keeping the place and keeping
everyone else out, and I do mean everyone. Weird rumors
come out of the place, I think there's some weird political
struggle going on but I couldn't tell you what it was about. 1
have heard that some of the Elders have been talking about
doing something about it..My guess is.if the place was
anything but a piddly little caern, they would have sent a
couple packs in there already to sort the whole thing out.
What I can't figure out, though, is why Wendigo- would
bother witha place so far south unless ithad something serious
going on: Take my advice, if you find yourself crossing into
their bawn by mistake, cross back out in.a hurry or get ready
show your belly. The sort of Wendigo that'll be coming out to
greet you aren't going to care if you're cousins from way back.

around without any particular sept to call home..Most of

At afiy one time there are dozens of packs running

them are fresh past their Rites of Passage looking to make a
name or carve a place for themselves: They form, ruri and
break up with the turning of the seasons. There are some,
though, that make a go of it. The Nightrunners have been
at it longest and they look it: They're some spooky sons-o'-
bitches. Sin-eaters all. They've made a life of traveling to the
sites where our ancestors died horribly and putting the
ghosts of our dear departed Kin to rest. If you haven't met

one, let me tell you ——-.a Theurge that performs the Rite of

the Sin-eater just once is weird enough. Your own Theurge
might be able to rell you better, but they seem to take on
little bits of the ghosts' behaviors and repeat them obses-
sively: Imagine a Theurge that's done it hundreds of times.
They do good work. My uncle told me they came and worked
the ritual for my great grandfather +— he died at the Knee —
and the old wolf went on tothe Homeland. 1 guéss somebody
needs to do it.. I'm just glad it isn't me.

The Buffalo Hunters work the other end of the rope.

There isn't a pack out there that's better at tracking down
First Changers and covering up the blood that almost always
comes out of a cub's first shapechanging experience: Pve
heard rumors that their alpha, Joe Bigtoe, is looking for some
sort of messiah come to save the Wendigo and push the
whites back across the sea, but stories like that are a dimea
dozen. I wouldn't put much stock in it if | were you.

And then there are the Icecutters: A- meaner, more foul-

tempered and violent bunch of werewolves you-won't find
outside of a Get moot: The only thing they enjoy more than
showing up at a W/yrmcomer caern and picking a fight with
anybody that can stand isdiving headfirst intoanestof Wyrmspawn.
and killing until the cows come home. They're an ugly, evil,
bloodthirsty bunch of wolves. 'm glad they're on our side:

Canada

The greatest numbers of our tribe live in Canada. Here

the First People find greater respect, though surely not what
the least of us deserves, from the whites. Life is easier here as
well — the Wyrmbringers. live almost entirely on the
southern borders. They are not fit to live in the north, but
we and our Kin thrive.

42

VWhend igo

FEE SonsfO

The whites weigh us down with more stereotypes
than there are birds in the sky. Drunken, stupid, igno-
rant and dirty are some of the easiest. Superstitious and
primitive are right up there, too. Others you might not
think are so bad lay even more heavily on our shoulders,
pressing our feet into the clay that's taken the white
man's soul away — noble,-loyal, brave. What's wrong
with being noble or loyal or brave, youask? No no. You
don't have to ask; really. It was-a rhetorical question.

The problem with béing labeled noble or loyal or
brave is that when the Wyrmbringers say those things
about one of their own, it means something entirely
different from when they say it about one of us. When
they say an Indian is noble or loyal or brave there's always
this undertone of surprise. What they're really saying is
"T never would have guessed an Indian. could be so
noble," or "I had a dog once that was loyal like that."

How many times have you seen amovie where the
Indian is the heto and the white guy is his loyal/noble/
brave companion? If you can name even one, Pll bet it
was made by an Indian. Dances with Wolves? Last of the
Mohicans? Two big ‘Indian' movies and who's the hero?
Goddamned white guy. Takes a white guy living our
way to make it really work. The Wyrmbringers are so
proud of us, aslong as we're being noble, loyal and brave
inthe service of one of them. The Outlaw Joséy Wales —
Clint Eastwood saves some Indians and kills a bunch of
Union Army scum. McClintock —- John Wayne stands
up fora bunch of Indians (their chief's crazy drunk every
time you see him) and gets laughs by beating his wife
with an iron shovel. The list is almost as long as the
history of American film: Find a movie with an Indian
in it and I'd bet you my best knife there's a white guy
doing the Indian bit just as well somewhere in there.

Paranoid? Bullshit. You can smell Wyrm on them:
Even. those hippy idiots that dress up in. beads and
feathers and beat the hell out of their imitation deerskin
spirit drums. Hell, especially them: You don't talk to the
spirits in. the living room of your five bedroom colonial
with the two-car garage and the matching black and
white Broncos: Get one of these suburban-Sioux out for
a real inipi and he'll be looking for his white towel and
bottled water inside an hour. One of these admiring
whites télls you how inspired she was by Thunderheart,
tell her to shove it up her ass sideways because you left
your noble hat back at the goddamned tipi.

We have the run of the land apart from the few cities
that~-dot the region..'"This is not to say we enjoy some
northern werewolf utopia. We aren't alone in the woods by
any means. The logging, chemical and mining companies
maintain significant interests in. the morthern lands, and
they defend their enclaves with a ferocity unmatched fur-
ther south among more civilized environs. The same scarcity

|


of mortal law enforcement that grants us remarkable lati-
tude in pursuing our agendas extends even further for our
enemies. They are extensions of the will of the cities, and so
bear a distinct advantage when the authorities do show up.

There are problems that come with the fortunes we find
in Canada ——the relatively good relations our Kin keep with
the whites lull them into a false sense of belonging. They are
more accepted in white society here,.and they begin to lose
the old ways so that they might fit in betrer. They are enticed
to white ways by promises of wealth and comfort.-Many of
out Kin have thrown in their lot with the logging compa-
nies, or the oil companies. High pay and job securiry are
weapons of the Wyrm as surely as toxic chemicals and power
saws, and more dangerous for their insidious nature. Our
people suffer in poverty; must our land suffer in their place
for them to rise out of it?

Seuft "literca

Haven't we troubles enough ar home? The Wendigo
were never meant for the jungle. For Gaia's sake, the patron
of our tribe is the spirit of the winter wind. What place has
Great Wendigo in the steaming jungles of the Amazon
basin? No, our place is here, in the north among the ice and

Seer nen er eens a NLA PU SRS es me

snow protecting the blessed tundra from the predations of
miners, oilmen and far worse. Why go looking for the Wyrm
when it lies coiled just outside your door? We learneda harsh
lesson. when we moved to fill the gap left when Middle
Brother left us... We reached beyond what wisdom would
dictate with only the best of intentions and have sufferedthe
loss of our ancestral lands and millions of our brothers and
sisters in-return.. We must not make that mistake again.

But as truly as we are the children of Wendigo, we are
Garou as well. We have a-duty to protect Gaia, and right
now, Gaia bleeds from deep wounds to the south. Some of
our people do go south, against betrer council. We do not
forbid them. It is not our way..They go, and many die,.but
some do not and return draped in glory and honor. Some also
stay — The White Knife pack has made its home there for
the past three years..Led by their alpha, an Ahroun called
Icebiter, they have counted much coup against the forces of
the Wyrm, and Wolverine, their totem, has grown strong
with the blood of their enemies.

Some of our number join other packs, as well. Some find
a place with Elder Brother, who has taken mates from among
the Kin that live in the jungle. Orhers, brave or foolish souls,
take up with packs of Wyrmcomers. These matches are rarely

In.1999 the Canadian government, iri the culmina-
tion of thirty years of negotiations with its native peoples,
ceded control of portions of the Northwest Territories to
the Inuit people. This grant permitted the founding of the
territory of Nunavut, a territory comprising fully one-fifth
of Canada's land area and witha government elected by and
comprised of the Inuit people. In the years following the
founding of the territory, the government has established
all the trappings of a modern democratic state including an
educational system and Departments of Public Works and
Development. Nunavut has given the Inuit people a voice
in the affairs of a North American nation.

The Weéndigo are divided on the matter. Those that
support. the fledgling government point tothe
acknowledgement of native claims; to the acceptance of
native self-rule; and the unprecedented opportunity for
the preservation of native values inherent in a govern-
ment of, for and by native peoples.

Nunavut's detractors say the government is a white
man's sham, a farce. That the government of Nunavut isa
puppet show of Indians in whiteface playing European.
They say that those in power claim Nunavut is an unprec-
édenred opportunity to preserve the traditions and values of
our people, and yet the government has forsaken those very
things by selling the right to rape the lands of their fathers
and grandfathers —— all in.the name of political necessity.
That in striving to prove that natives can govern as well as
whites, the people of Nunavut have and will commit every
sin against Gaia that the Wyrmbringers did, and worse.

Nenatist

Can our people have a place of their own, where our
Kin may live without the burdens of poverty, joblessness,
and despair that weigh'so heavily on their shoulders
elsewhere? Can our people live as well as the whites, and
keep the traditions of our people alive?

Vhe jury is still out, but one thing is for sure — things
are changing.

Horace Shares+The-Bone, ‘Galliard of the Sacred
Hoop: ;

We have a place, now. A foothold..A beachhead. My
cousin stands in parliament and speaks our cause before the
people of Canada. Nunavut is not yet fully formed! Itis growing
by leaps and bounds Our people ——~ our Kin-— have a home.
A home with schools , and roads -and hospitals. Today , we have
reclaimed a great piece of what was lost. Tormorrow? Whocan
say? Our angry brothers say we have lost the war and have
become our conquerors.1 say we have won a great battle and
taken a crucial step on the road to peaceful victory!

Winter's Teeth, Ahroun:

The Wyrmbringers give you their leavings and you callita
feast. Youwear suits and make speeches and you think you have
saved our people? The whites tell you "You have won' and you
believe them! Fool-~vyou rule at their pleasure: You say ‘We will
build roads!' and ‘We will create jobs!' and what you mean is
‘We will become white like the invaders!' . It is not our land it is
our land, so long as we use it as the whites demand. Dammit! It
was never our land in the first place, much less any of that other
nonsense. May the ice crack beneath you and drown -your
precious Nunavut in the sea. I will have none of it.

Chapter Two: Beating the Drum 43

>> ge NT

L

long-lived, but are Occasionally fruitful. Invariably, those that
make the long trek to the battlegrounds of South America
gain a great deal of glory. If nothing else, we take pride in the
nobility of their sacrifice; though most would prefer to have
live warriors here at home than dead heroes half a world away.

The tale of Siberia is a hard one, but not without its own
glory: Long ago; we crossed the- great bridge between this
continent and that. Some say we came from Asia and went back
there, some say we always lived here and were newcomers among
the Yakut and the Chukchi who became our Kin. It matters very
little which is true. For centuries we lived and prospered in ‘the
wilds of Siberia, until this last century.The Wyrm had great allies
in the Soviets and sent hunters east with silver bullets in their
rifles. Our people died, but we learned as well.

All that remains of the Wendigo there is a single,
hidden caern, but the sept that keeps it is as hard as stone.
"Together, they weathered the terrible darkness that stretched
across that land, even striking back against the W/yrm-
creatures that dared threaten their territory with such feroc-
ity as is rarely found atnong the most valiant Garou.

In the depths of the dark years; the Wyrmcomers came
to our brothers in Siberia and asked their aid. Dutifully, the
Wendigo gave their harried cousins shelter. We warmed with
hope, that the W/yrmcomers would see the errors of their ways,
but no sooner than the evil was defeated and the terrible cloud
lifted from the land, than the W/yrmcomers went back to their
old ways, worse even than before. Though our brothers and
sisters were not surprised, they were greatly disappointed.

He FCOLLE
Ate!

1 have said it before, but it bears repeating. We are a
peopleat war. Yousay the Apocalypse is coming. I say it is here
and we fight it every day. The Wyrm's most potent weapon is
deception. The Wyrmcomers believe they can still stave off
the War of Ending; and this is the first victory for the Wyrin.
When they realize the truth it will be too late. We will bedead
and the Wyrm will smile and call them his children. We are
at war fot the fate of the entire world, and we are alone.

But there is more to war than fighting, and so Luna has
shaped us according to her plan and granted us gifts that we

The Baba Yaga discovered what we have always
known — though we are not many; nememay match our
strength and renaciry..A. single of Wendigo
stands in the lands of Siberia:
Wilds. Twice, the Hag of Russia 1
ity thinking them vulnerable. T
her better. When Baba Yaga w
people in Asia, she saw only ho
were. What she did not see
driven all weakness from the
Sept of the Siberian Wilds
countless .of the Wyrm's. b
Wyrmspawn that spun out eve
nests and pits in China and Mg
place necessitated the purging
tivation of not only strengrh and
and wisdom as well. None had
with so pure a blending of powe

So, when she came against u
that went against everything she k
not waste ourselves in battles we col
we fall to fighting amongst ourselves
us. We fought with our teeth and cl
well. We struck when she did not thin
she struck, we were notthere. Asherhan ached for our
throats our claws were already opening her belly. In the
end, it was as it could only be —- we survived as we always
had, and she was destroyed.

Those victories were not won without great cost. We
were never many in number, and now we are even fewer.

battle came to
nd our wits as

could. When

Tha Sapp of ple Sitertan LUGE and fre Silerakfe

The nests of W/yrmlings that have ever been Our enemies
rise again and we struggle to field enough Garou to meet
once claimed under the sept's
for lack of Wendigo to keep it.

, once the leader of the Sept and
he Wendigo have ever bred, was
eet with the representatives of
Silver-Water, . Blood-on-the-
leadership of thé'sept, strove at
Ging that came after
Ae out closer coritact
rou, but strange tales came
. Many felt that those with
ad killed him. Others, that
him for treating with enemies.
one chooses to believe, Sakha
the wisdom of the old ways. We
w as we did for so long before. We
ropeans once, in hopes that they had

rt tribes.
Wind's successor 1
first to build upon.

with our cousins @
tous of the olda

; usy weeping for their lost caerns. We took them
in afid gave therm a home among us. Most do not stay for
long, but return here from their wanderings. W/e have
much in common. Perhaps,.in time, they will come to
Wendigo andhe to them. I, forone, would welcome them.

44 Wendigo

/ ai NT A


might serve our people's neéds as befits our nature. Gaia has
made each of us a beast of war, carved of blood and bone so
sharp we might pierce the very scales of the Wyrm. Luna has
made us more than simple warriors, that we might thwart
the wiles of the Wyrm with cunning and wisdom. That we
might root out its minions with keen insight and remember
its tricks in the tales of our heroes.. And she has given us a
mighty fury that the Wyrm itself might recognize in us its
e are made, that we might

about finding our graves as ths
not all our Ragabash are good f
re in open combat, our Nos
hey stalk their prey. W/i
on some warning, if
sabash mark you for
‘at after her knife

it until a he ‘our heart.

S Berge

Only Uktena knows the spirits of the Pure Lands better
than we, and they have given their souls for that knowledge.
Even they have no tongues for the spirits of the unbroken
ice. The winter is our weapon. We know the names of the ice
and snow. When we call the storm cormes..Mighry things
walk the wilds of the frozen north; things bound to our

ee sn mrs an meer a neec en PE Se me

Apron sy Aniy Colter Napse...

The Wendigo are 6ne people; but the indigenous
people from whom our Kinfolk come are many and
varied as the leaves on the wind. From Shoshone -to
Lakota, Tlingit to Coeur D' Alene we are many people
with many languages and many ways: Though when we
receive the Change we are made one people with the
Wendigo, we carry with us into our tribe the ways of our
Kinfolk as well for they should be honored and not
forgotten: The Wendigo do not lean on any single tribe
for auspice names. We use the true names from Gaia's
tongue. 1, who was born-on the Badlands of the Dakotas
to Miniconjou Sioux could not rightly claim the name
of an Inuit warrior, could I? Nor could an Athabaskan
Galliard relate the tales of the Shoshone, could she? No
—~ and to attempt such would be an insult to those
peoples. Wendigo is what we all share, and the Change,
so out of respect we use those names that have been
given to the things of our heritage by those who share
it. Though some might call an Ahroun by another
name, she is still an Ahroun and rather than slight one
tribe to honor another, we call her so.

people by ancient pacts. They are potefitallies and fearsome
to our foes. The Yeti, the Hoary: the Thing Beneaththe
Icé.. They are cousins to-oti m,-friends to our people,
death to all that na my..OQur Theurges know the
songs to call them, heir rage and guide them toour
foes. The Killing .< Burning Ice and countless others
are ours for the Yur foes fear to sleep in our lands.
They know the risés against them at our call.

gs beneath the Pure Landsaswell, and
he Thousand Mouths of Famine, the
2. Each lies bound in a magic grave,
over them. We watch over Elder
him. to wake our doom.

Blunt Man, the H
and Elder Brother:
Brother lest his cur

PUM oO

In thésé times, confir are ini close quarters with
enemies on every side, it wo teo.easy to turnoneach
other in blind rage and weaken ourselves argtiing over scraps
of meat. The Philodox keeps our eyes on our enemies. The
Philodox keeps the heart of th dy of our laws.
Theirs is aheavy burde
the Litany as it pleas
of it for that i
blamed if the
to greater

Wet
fail us: W

stain of cag

nthe Half-Moons be
e centuries drives them
of trivial transgression?

f our Philodox, and they donot
wies cleansing our ranks of the
2 better to judge which eater of
ed and which is irredeemable?
ag of W/yrmcomers.. Murder must
sone of our own misjudges the
gid kills them, what is that in
fmen women and children
‘tes? We are not soft, but
d retribu-
Can the

slain over the
neither are we neec

tion-are meted out. a :
Wyrmcomers make that same claim?

Caltard

They are our memory. If nots
of Lends-His-Brea
would be forgotte
Rabbit lost

ae Calliards the Song
eof Stone Water
pot know how

cient tongues that only live "in a
hey guard these words as they do
are the keys to the most potent
. There are admonitions that can
oles, but only if spoken in the

hat break the spine of a
Sof time, but
language of the

proper tongue
great bear and
they are known only'

Chapter Two: Beating the Drum 45

LE ES EY A NE

=|


our ancient ancestors. We have lost many already to the
whites and their English. I pray that we lose no more.

ALLE OPE

Cold, mércil
are we..The #
him in thei

ndigo is, so

ortant. This is
Ahroun are cold, ca
tack is made that doe
t waste their strength :
eneath their knives speak lo
anid glory:

es aré'a part of war. The curining w

Sdy. Neither can act without,

d the death

: ) ‘The
udly enoughof

their enemy's spt : re
Coup, the Death of Many Needles, the Bitter Song. Each
strikes at the heart of an enemy not through his flesh; but
through his mind. Counting Coup —~ striking at rhe enemy
and deliberately doing no harm —~-shows the foe his efforts
are contemptible, his struggles futile. His life, and death, is
ours to chooses When an Ahroun metes out the Death of
Many Needles she strikes shallowly and retreats again and
again until the enemy bleeds froma hundred wounds. Inthe
end, when the needle pierces his heart, the enemy has
already died and only his flesh remains to be ended... The
Bitter Song is as potent as any spear, and yet no blow is ever
struck. The Ahroun merely speaks; cutting at the enemy
with the icy blade of his scorn. Most lose their water long
before the warrior describes their imminent death,.and then
it's all-over but the bleeding. These are but a few of the
weapons a Wendigo Ahroun wields in batrle. Our weapons
are as many as the fish in the'sea. The Wyrmcomers make
war on the bodies of their enemies. We make war on their
souls. In.this way we have always been the stronger.

reed!

Our numbers aré much diminished from what they
wete before the Wyrmcomers set foot on our shores, but we
are strong yet —— strong enough. Still, every Wendigo is
precious for the lack of others. We strive to keep our blood
pure, in honor of fallen Middle Brother, and out of réspect
for our ancestors. Though it be difficult, we must take care
in choosing our mates or dilute our strength ..with the
weakness of our enemies.

PtoVg

‘Though it stirs my rage to say it, it's not difficult to find
our homid Kinfolk: Look on any map of North America for


Mm point you
to others that will lend their blood to your: make for us
strong warriors.

But also keep in mind: What is easy f
for the Wyrm. Living on the reservation
of our Kin. Alcohol and drugs are a di
people, and those that seek to exploit their
building casinos on tribal land
name.of. finan: a é

is easier still
s easy targets

tions. The blood of Wendigo must be nu
it wither and die for lack of proper care.

a howl away. Now, we must compete
ights. We have compas-

it. But be caréful —~ don't horn in. on any amo
Talons. If you do get in that kind of dispute, call ina Ha
Moon. as soon as possible. The Talons have long memories
and have been known to nurse grudges for generations.

Aiafer

Garou shall nét mate with«
says: Truth is, it happens
that break the Litany as b.
about what to do
union. There i

at the law
ith those

creature is capable « res
for everyone. If noe

favor than. any other.
prove themselves wort
burden of their heritage, for g60d or ill. In the end, we need
every warrior we can get —— 's nota liability, it's an asset.
Lask you this: if the Apocalypse comes tomorrow, what does
it matter that the warrior we have today can't breed? None
—— it's as simple as that. ~ +

CAIULS

‘The Wendigo are few in number and their people tightly
knit. They could not survive the political rifts in which some

Atgcegetruagyrorn

It's a dirty word, I know. But then again -— it's a
dirty world out there and there aré certain realities we
have to face. The coming of the Europeans was the
death knell for millions of our people. Where once
there lived ten million or more, from Tlingit to Maya,
Salish to Seneca, now there are but a fraction remain-
ing. We are the Pure Ones. We take pride in-the fact
that our lineage can. be traced thousands of years
through hundreds of grandmothers. But it gets harder
and harder every yéar to keep our blood free of the blood
of our enemies.

What's: more, we're not the only ones that dis-
criminate. We have our totem.to think .of as well.
Wendigo knows his own. There is no guessing who
will be adopted by our patron, no formula for who is
acceptable and who is not, but we believe that he
prefers indigenous blood to white. Those that do not
meet his standards are not taken into our tribe. It's as
simple as that.

‘There are few of us now that know how important
it is -to keep our-blood -from..mixing ~with -the
Wyrmbringers: Most new Wendigo are born to Kin-
folk parents, many of whom have fallen away from the
old ways and out of touch with their heritage.Some go
willingly, willfully even,-seeking out the Europeans
for their lifestyle —~ seduced by their easy comfort and
the enticement of cheap, tawdry pleasures. They marry
outside the tribe out of ignorance or rebellion, and yet
they still carry the blood of Wendigo intheir veins. In
these days,-can we refuse a child that comes to his
blood by just one parent? What about those whose
grandparents fell away from our ways so long ago?
Hardly,.I say.: We need every hand these days, and
that's the hard truth.

Honestly — it's not about the blood. We don't deal
in Halves,.and quarters and eighths, nor does Great
Wendigo himself. That's a white man's game. What
matters is your life-Are yoir following the ways of Gaia?
Holding to our values? There are plenty of Indians out
there these days that aré only red on the outside. Inside
they're as white as snow. And there's Indians I know
look just like white folks, but live as red as blood.
Chances: are if you're living the way of Gaia, your
parents or your grandparents are teaching you. You fall
further from the tree than.that and get the Change,
somebody else is going to claim you anyways. Keep it to
yourself though —— there's plenty of elders that'll take
your ears off if they hear you talking about it- And come
to think of it —— try to keep your pants on around those
eager white folk: We don't need to deny the problem,
but there's no call to contribute to it, either.

Chapter Two: Beating the Drum

i EN

47


other tribes indulge or they would weaken to the point of
collapse... And yet the Wendigo are part human, and any-
where a human goes, politics cannot be far behind. The camps
among the Wendigo are few in number and small inimember-
ship, but they do exist and they do exert some influence on the
tribe. Not a- one, though, may lay claim to the right to speak
for the Wendigo as.a whole. For all that we are few, we are
diverse as well... Lupus and homid, Lakota -and Cheyenne.
There will never be a day when we agree on everything.

A fe PUartiafl?

From the day the first of the W/yrmbringers set foot on
North American soil there have been Pure Ones that sought to
drive them back over the sea by force. For five hundred years
they have preached war and for five hundred years they have
carried it out in large ways and in small ways. Just' as Luna waxes
and wanes with the passing nights, so too does the influence of
the Warpath. They flourished in the 1800s as Red Cloud and
Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull led our Kinfolk against the whites;
so did Big Thunder and Looksfar lead the Wendigo:

The Warpath has seen a renewed dedication to the
cause in récent years as the young grow tired of the ‘show'
Indians that put on paint for the white folks and dance pretty

at "authentic" powwows. The Warpath gives them direc-
tion, purpose. The Warpath gives them a target for their
rage: When the Wendigo fight the Wyrmcomers, chances
are good one of the Warpath is involved.

If "Wooden Indians" (the Warpath's name for those
Kinfolk that look for acceptance fromm whites) rub the War-
path the wrong way, "White Indians" +— those that seek
integration with whites —- give the Garou of the Warpath
apoplectic fits. There -can be -no-accommodation -for the
Warpath. Tribal casinos and tourist shows are considered
some of the direst insults to their pride, doubly so that they
come from people of theirown blood. Though they have not
yet fallen so low as to attack. their own Kin, tempers grow
shorter by the year and the Wendigo have no shortage of rage.

Walking Bird speaks for the Warpath:

We are a people at war. We live in enemy territory. Every
day our conquerors come to the lands they have fenced in for us,
their resérvations , and take pictures of us and speak of us with pity
and contempt for they think we do not know we are conquered.
I say they do not know we are freer than they could ever hope to
be ,-but they will. One day ,one day soon they will know and they
will weep for their children as we push them back into the sea.

These-are dire tires; and dire times call for dire
measures. You seem solid enough..Strill —- don't breathe
a word of this to anyone —~not your packmates, not your
grandma, not anyone. Understand?

We could do-it... We could drive the whites from. the
Adericas. I know because Pve heard them plan it. Yeah; plan
it. You kidding me? We're at war here.. Have been for five
hundred ‘years. Do you honestly think in. all that time we
haven't thought about just how, exactly, we could go about
getting the Wyrmbringers out of the Pure Lands? The Warpath
has a plan -——a dozen of them, in fact. Maybe more: Same with
the Ghost Dance. They have the means. They have the will.
Ali that keeps thern frorn it is a lack of consensus... and us.

Yeah that's right —- I said ‘us'. Just follow tne here.
What happens if we find a way to kill every white man,
woman and child west of the Atlantic? Say, abunch of the
Warpath goes and gets themselves a nuclear silo or three
and launches missiles at Washington, New York, and Los
Angeles? Who would be with us? The Talons... Probably
Uktena though they'd hem and haw about it. Maybe we
could get the Furies, too. At best that makes four tribes
against the combined strength of the other eight, and
make no mistake they would gladly put aside their differ-
ences to eradicate us then. It would be all-out war and the
Wyrm would waste no time taking advantage of our
distraction. Congratulations on reclaiming the Pure Lands,
here's your Apocalypse, hope you like it.

The Ghost Dance and the Warpath have béen argu-
ing since they began. They argue still, but it's not because

Be Secret Ffooee

they disagree —— they argue because that's what they've
always done. If they eversat down and talkedit out, they'd
figure out they're not that far from each other. Therit'd
all be over but the killing.

So we keep them arguing, we-don't let them talk.
Every one of us holds a dozen strings, each string pinned
toa different Wendigo..Any time one of the Warpath gets
too close with a member of the Ghost Dante, we give a
little tug +—--.a whispered word,.a well-placed rumor,
whatever it takes to keep them from getting cozy:

We've been doing this foravery longtime. Too long,
some say. We got so good at it we damn near blew it
straight to hella few years ago. We got cocky and started
preaching inclusion with the thought that we'd drawn our
Kin's minds far enough from their thoughts of initiating
Apocalypse that we could start working on getting them
thinking about something else entirely. We were wrong.
Instead of showing them what was wrong with their way
of thinking, we just pissed them. off and damn near gave
them cause to unite —— this time agaimst us.

Sowe've backed off, quieted down. We went back to
playing the sécret game with our brothers, but it may have
beer too late. We're getting old, and our numbers dwindle
every day. It gers harder and harder to find new Garou to
hold the strings. Very soon now, unless a miracle happens,
there won't be enough to keep the war from starting. Gaia
help us all if that happens, because I don't know that we'll
be able to help ourselves.

48 Wendigo

OLE LL Es i a A

|


A

} SV fe Sacred l Foor:
Y } The Hoop has been a potent force among the tribe since
the late Sixties when they vied with the Warpath for
leadership. The fight was never won, nor lost. It never is, but
the Hoop did not suffer quite'so harshly as their war-hungry
kin. Their message of inclusion, education, and reverence
for all spirits white or red reached some few W yrmbringers

that sought to fill their empty hearts. They held powwows —
and drumming circles. They wrote books on shamanism and
Indian. medicine.."The Hoop rode the wave of New Age
fascination with the ‘primitive' and the fleeting phenom-
enon of white guilt into a strange ard unfamiliar (though
occasionally profitable) ascendance.

This fascination' waned with the 1990s as many of the

younger generation looked on-their elders with contempt.
They sneered as their elders danced for white tour groupsand
taught the Wyrmbringers a thin and starveling version of
Native spirituality. But the Hoop goes on. Their membership
has grown older, their numbers fewer, but they are all the more
dedicated to inclusion and acceptance of all cultures for being
the rarer. They are a quiet breed, but everybody knows one.

The founding of Nunavut has given the camp a surge of
energy in-a.time when they were largely drifting on the
momentum of the previous decades. Though the Ghost Dance
can claim the first share of glory for establishing the native state,
the Hoop have been its-champions ever since..All the more
reason for the Warpath to deride the fledgling government.

Thomas Opens the Way speaks for the Sacred Hoop:

Gaia has made all peoples, red and white, black and yellow.
Each has strengths. -Each-can learn from the other..There is .a
preater enemy than the whites and it threatens us all. Only together
can we hope toface the Apocalypse and emerge victorious, Division
is the Wyrm's tool. We must unite. Teach the other tribes to live
with their Kin as we do, teach their Kin to live with the land as we
do. In this way we will strike at the Wyrm and conquer it.

Ofe Cit? Fw

The Datice traces its roots to the Kinfolk movement
Started bya Paiute holy man named Wovoka. W/ovoka taught
that by living rightly and dancing:the Ghost: Dance, the.
Indian peoples would bring about a new world.:The Indian
dead would come back to life and bring with them the old
ways and the buffalo, and the white people would be de-
stroyed. Many Indians came to follow Wovoka's teachings
from the southwest tribes up through to the Plains Indians,
including Sitting Bull of rhe Hunkpapas himself. But for all
their dancing, the world was nor made again, and in Decerm-
ber of 1890, the dream of the Ghost Dance among our Kin
died with three hundred and fifty men, women and children
under thé guns of the U.S. Army at Wounded Knee.

The Wendigo did not forget the dream, though. Together
with some few Uktena, the Ghost Dance was born anew among

the Garou peoples. Throughout the last century, the Garou of
the Ghost Dance have worked to preserve the ways of our people
and to strengthen the spirits of our Kinfolk. It is their hope that

49

2 a SS

one day the dance will succeed and the world will be rétiimned
to the wonder of the days before the whites carne to our shores.

Until recently the Ghost Dance consisted entirely of
traditionalists, perpetuating the dogma of the previous gen-
ération and carrying it unsullied into the future." The 1980s
saw all that change. In those days, a-great prophet called
White Bull, son of Kicking Bull, adisciple of Wovoka himself,
led the Ghost Dance. In the summer of 1982 he had a vision
and traveled to South Dakota in search of asavior that he said
would at last realize Wovoka's dream and drive the whites
from the Pure Lands. He led the youths of the reservation in
the Sun Dance in hopes of revealing the savior. The rumors
of what happened are as numerous as the stars in the sky, but
one thing is certain. When the ceremony was finished, White
Bull was dead and the supposed savior Had cut his hair‘and
gone away to white man's school. Many of the elders mourned
the death of their leader and the betrayal of one of their own.
The Ghost Dance was in disarray for several years as the elders
struggled amongst themselves for leadership of the camp.
Eventually, though, the savior White Bull came. seeking
became a man and returned to his people with a new way of
fighting the whites. Many of the younger generations joined
him and named him Wovoka reborn. The elders only shook
their heads at the folly of youth, that they would follow an
Indianso steeped in the white man's world. They were further
galled that this savior was not even Garou, but Kinfolk. His
followers paid them little heed. They had found a new vision
and the elders could follow or be left behind.

A new style of Ghost Dancer arose—~ one that looked
to remove the whites from Indian lands by more practical
means —~ litigation and shrewd negotiation: No more deer-
skin ghost shirts; these dancers wore tailored suits and made
their pleas not to the spirits, but to the courts. They take
great pride in having secured the government of Nunavut a
place at the Canadian parliamentary table.It, theysay,is the
first beachhead in the new war for North America. The
older generation, unsurprisingly; has taken' poorly to the
younger Garou's interpretation of W/ovoka's vision. Many
have grown bitter at being laid aside. Up until now disagree-
ments have been held in check, but there is a storm brewing
——- one that may well change the face of the camp forever.

Gerald Singer speaks for the Ghost Dance:

Forahundred years you have danced and still the white man
whites away at the meager lands that remain to us: Itis tirne for
anew Ghost Dance. The whites did not conquer us with guns;
they did it with laws..Knives do not changé laws, only words well
spokén and minds well trained. For too long wé have clung to a
past that cannot aid us: The time has come to fight for now, and
Iam the one that has the weapons we need.

Caroy Sha Not Gale nttt Crarow

All you have to dois look ori one of them ‘to know that
the metis are an affront to nature. They are twisted from the
moment that they are conceived. Just as we keep our blood

5O Wendigea

OLE LL LT A LT LT A

pure of the Wyrmcomers' taint, so we keep our ranks pure of
the stink of the metis.

Still, mistakes happen from time to time. And in those
vety rare cases, we give the cursed progeny far more than any
other tribe might. At the very least,.a Wendigo metis
certainly isn't going to be white. Our metis are kept well and
given a place among our people, but they are not coddled.
Wendigo is not a merciful spirit, mor are his people soft with
indulgence. It is the fortunate creature that dies in Gaia's
defense. Many of our metis find honor in this way despite the
unfortunate circumstances of their birth and Wendigo is
made stronger for it.

Covalad fhe PUgrrys bUbereter JP Dale
and P U4enatver Jt Fsrcedt

None are stronger than W/endigo. None: fiercer in
defense of cur Mother. We were made for this and we, of all
tribes, know out purpose, our nature, and ourselves.. How
could we be lax in this, our duty, if all those things are true?
We cannot. We are nor. We will never be.

Be mindful as well —- the Wyrm is everywhere. It is not
hindered in the least by boundaries of law or tradition or blood.
Just take a walk around the reservation some time — its touch
is everywhere. It is our good fortune that or Kin -are more
resistant to its touch — a truer testament to the rightness of our
ways there never was-— but evenso, the Wyrm does find its way
in from time to time. It true as well that, because we lived so
closely with our Kinfolk for so very long, and shared so many of
our ways with them, they ‘are more likely to submit and to
benefit from the cleansing rituals our Theurges perform. If you
come upon an Indian who hassuccumbed to the Wyrmand will
not be cleansed, there is only one thing left to you. We do not
kill our Kin needlessly, there are too few of us to let those that
might be saved wither for lack of effort. But ifthey cannot or will
not be saved, then death is all that is left to them. For most it
is a mercy: For some —- justice. Regardless, it is what we must
do. If we cannot keep our own people free of the W/yrm's touch,
then we do not deserve to live ourselves.

Ragtccs phe Jerritory of Apoplier

This is a joke. For thousands Sf years we held these lands.
We prospered. Qur Kin prospered..The land was not called
Pure for nothing. Under our guardianship, the peoples of
North America learned to livewith the land. We learned from
the mistakes of the Impergium and our peoples were the better
for it: The land was better. Gaia grew and flourished, game was
plentiful, the spirits of the land were thick as flies in summer.
And then they came. The whites. They broke the Litany. They
turned their backs om the traditions of our people, pushed us
from.our protectorates and plunged the Pure Lands into the
waiting teeth of the Wyrm.

All of these lands are our territory. We will come and go
as we please. If we give those that dwell on our lands notice
of our passing, they should count themselves lucky. They are
trespassers in our territory and deserve no more respect than
the poaching coyote come to rob the wolf's den.


Acai ar PPonorate Sprenger

Our miimbers are too few to waste the lives of strong
warriors on petty disputes. There is no glory in painting your
spear in the blood ofa brother. With the foe standing outside
our door there is no grievance so great Wendigo must kill
itself to find satisfaction.

The Wyrmcomers; though, hold pride too élose to their
hearts and wisdom too far. Do not seek their death, but if they
are so foolish as to think they can make false surrender,
educate them. If it means they must die, then at least they can
do so knowing they can be a lesson to the rest of their tribe.

Stbratiiton po GD hese of higher SPapror

This hardly neéds té be said. lt has been Gur way since
Gaia turned us out on this land and gave tous our people. We
have always listened to the counsels of our elders. "The
wisdom guides us in all things. We are well acquainted wit
our strength, and in war we let our strongest lead. It is obvi
to anyone who knows herself +—.this is as it should be.

Jor fle CRAPS be SIPICT

The Wyrmcomers do not understand this law. The
think that, because they are strongest, it is given to them t
take as they will and leawe those beneath them to fight fo

what scraps remain. So far have they fallen from the path of

Earth. Yes, to the leader goes.th
hoard for himself. It is the duty oft
his tribe. The wise leader sees that all are fed
their needs: ‘This is the right way, our way-: ;

Le Sta Not Exdt fle FHtsts of Plepaans

We do nor eat 6f mén. No Garou with an itch of sens
would do'so,; but the Wyrmcomers point to Great Wendigo and
say ‘See —— their own totem eats of human flesh! So must they
Iris a bogey tale born of fear. Fear of our strength. Fear of our
spirit. Fear of rhe connection to the land they cannot break,

though five hundred years they have tried. Their fear is rightly

placed, but not because we indulge in the appetites of the Wyrm.
Give them no fodder for their fairy tales. Make no méals of men.

Aas VT fate Fentipe Ge
Ade of Ciara

How else did we and our Kinfolk grow so close? Wehold
to the same traditions,-call to the same spirits. We taught
them to live with the land. We taught them to live rightly,
to revere the Earth and Her spirits, great and small. It is our
duty to protect those beneath us, even if we must protect
them from themselves. What greater show of respect Could
there be?

The Vil Stall Not Ea Life

The Kinfolk of the Wyrmcomers do not know them.
They gibber and moan at the very sight of their Garou
cousins. We always lived close to our Kin, and chose strong

ee

Senge and Carsrtlafetter

Somé make apologies for Great Wendigo. They
mince words and work a white man's magic to make the
totem of our tribe seem-—— friendlier. VILdono such thing.
Great Wendigo is as he is described. Terrible,-cold, and
more full of rage than the greatest of his children. The
Wyrmcomers name him ‘cannibal' because they fear the
power he takes... They know -there is power in rheir
enemies and they fear it. Fear it so much that they point
their fingers at those that do have courage enough to take
it and say ‘cannibal' and ‘man-eater'. Once, before the
Wyrm's reach grew so long, the greatest of us didas Great
Wendigo and ate of the hearts of our enernies and they
were made stronger. But the Wyrm isa wily bastard. It has
poisoned the hearts of our eriemies so that, even in death,

their very blood would strike at us, turnin our bellies and
thrust knives into our innards. Everni so, there are those
, that know the ways of taking strength from our enemies
ad turning it against them.

Wedon't eat humans, not if we can help it, fora
» suumber of reasons. First —~we never did, not for food.
Nor even Great Wendigo himself sits down at table to
a imeal of manroast. He only eats the heart, we hardly
d— they taste awful. Most of what
ats these days comes .out of a
‘ ld or farm. Even things that
relatively wholesome are so ruthlessly treated:
iation; chemical preservatives, flavorings and
gs, and dubious flavor enhancements there isn't
sh of the original food to be identified with any-.
g less powerful than a goddamned electron micro-
scope. These things don't just goin and come out again.
They hang around leaving the meat tainted with the
taste of chemical Armageddon. Nutritionally speaking,
human meat is worth shit. Less in fact. They're second-
ary consumers. Not even worth running down if there's
anything else around to eat at all. Third, as I believe I've
already mentioned, if humans get eaten anywhere near
Wendigo territory, all the other tribes look at us first. As
though the Bone Gnawers, Red Talons, and renegades J -
of every tribe don't occasionally gnaw manflesh. We
keep clean because we're the first to be accused. In any
case, it's against the Litany. We all agreed longago that
man was off the menu, and the Wendigo at least have
some inkling of how to keep our word.

peoples from the start —~ strong in body and in mind. They
fear us, as well they should, for Gaia has made us great and
terrible to match our purpose; but our Kin (or those, at least,
that have not given in to the ways of the whites) do notdeny
us when their fear has left thern. In their hearts; rhey know,
Great Wendigo looks after them and keeps from them a
thing more terrible than any one of us.

Chapter Two: Beating the Drum 51

OQ I = EY NT

Do Not Suffer Thy Feo;
yo Ténd Thy Sua "a

Wendigo teaches' strength in. all things. Strength in
body, : strength in -spirit.. Wendigo teaches us to rely on
ourselves..To take from the-tribe when one cannot give in
return is not our way — it is the way of the W/yrmcomers and
we will have none of it: The greatest of us go out on the ice,
when it is time. And if he has lived rightly, W/endigo himself
runs down from the sky to eat his heart and réturn the strength
of his spirit to the people: Death is part of life. Only a fool or
a white man would fight against Gaia's plan. It is not our way.

The Aeader ay Fe Challenged
atin J Fre Ltng K2ace

A leader that knows she must prové her strength is a
leader that keeps herself strong, in all things.."To do other-
wise is foolishness. No one wolf knows every watering hole.

Whe Leader ay Not $e Challenged?
Dying Unive

Idiocy and madnéss. Only the Wyritncormiers would turn
their hatchets on their own- when the Wyrm is at the door.
We aré made to fight for Gaia. All other disputes must fall
aside when our duty, our sacred purpose, calls us to battle.

This ‘is one of the Silver Fangs' favorite drums. They'll
beat it all day long if you let them. They goon and on about
the legacy of their line, the authority of their blood. Their
blood isn't what's going to kill the fomoron my doorstep. The
Wendigo rieed no kings — a king a thousand miles away
doesn't know the land I rum évery day. He doesn't know the
spirits that roarn the Umbra of my home. Our leaders lead us.
They don't sit on fancy chairs in fancy rooms whining because
we won't heel at their call. The Fangs expect us to acknowl-
edge their claims when they' ve made careers of ignoring ours.
Where was the Litany when they weré stealing our lands?
Hypocrites —- don't waste your bréath arguing with them.
They are not our leaders, we are. Challenging them is our
duty. It is they who should be showing us their bellies.

TRat Cates c CHern fo €sé Ubntafed™

This is Our greatest grievance against the W/yrmcomers.
This is their greatest crime, Let all else fall by the wayside —=
the theft' of our lands; the decimation of otir Kinfolk, the
insults made to our honor and our pride. That their coming
has brought the desecration of countless numbers of Gaia's
most sacred places is unforgivable. Some among them press
for cooperation and offer recompense..How? I ask them.
How can you make amends for the Caern of the Little Stone;
paved under forty acres of parking lot? Or the Tall Water
Caern, stripped away by white miners digging for tin. They
cannot, and so we may never forgive them.

This is our greatest task and their most terrible sin. For the
crimes we have suffered alone we would drive them into the sea.
But those who would cause or permit the desecration of Gaia's
holy places; we can offer nothing but cold, cold death.

52 Vlendigo

LEE Ln OT LT T_T SS SOIT

She Offer Srtlasr

Long ago, before the land was broken, we lived among
the other tribes as brothers and cousins. Those were the days
of legends and heroes. But Gaia foresaw what we could not
know —— that the Wyrm had touched Her favored children
and planted the seeds of rot and corruption deep in their
hearts. Shesplit the world, then, and chose three tribes to live
apart from the others: We were given guardianship of the Pure
Lands and charged with the task of cleansing it of the Wyrm.
Gaia chose well. We did as She bade and for thousands of years
we lived in harmony with all that dwelled among the Pure
Lands: We forgot our cousins across the vast waters, but they
did not forget us.-The touch of the Wyrm festered in their
hearts and they knew jealousy for the lives they guessed we
lived. When they first came across the ocean we greeted them
as kin once lost and found again: They came as conquerors,
determined to carve recompensé for the slight they thought
was given them when Gaia chose us instead of them. Every-
one knows what happened e learned quickly that the
Wyrmcomers had lost they had when last we'd
known them and we'ha

PE Fiat

all? Only a Ws
that.. Madness. Sti
better for our lands
occasion, come to their aid and permitted them to assist us
in-our easier hunts, and there's something to be said for their
hatred of the Get. Generally, you can trust them. But they're
still not Wendigo: Their ways are not ours.

LEO COPD AIL

Pathetic, disgusting, and a
Breed. Their only saving gt<
out of misfortune rather

world. The difference is that we keep to ou s despite the
evils visited upon us. The Rats just rolkover and take it: They
have let themselves beco temptible. Give themonly
what they deserve.

titers of Coab

They at least € stonés enough to feel guilt for what
was done to us..Soine of our brothers got in thick with them
in the Sixties. We can thank them for a thousand tourist
traps selling ‘authe ndrugs' to yuppies
in their SUVs. LL Le

dancing for the pleasure, of over-fex white people. I wonder
sometimes if an hotiorable-deack might not be better.


Ne Accounsindg For VRE

It seems in recent years other toterns have moved
in on Great Wendigo's people. Lately, there have been
a number of Garou born to Kinfolk traditionally re-
garded as Wendigo. And yet, when these Garou get the
First Change, they wind up in Rat's brood, or Pegasus's.

Wendigo himself doesn'tseem particularly concerned.
His tribe is another matter entirely:. Reactions among
Wendigo run the gamut from righteous outrage to com-
plete apathy. Some among the Sacred Hoop even have the
balls to point to these Garou and claim a bizarre sort of
victory. Evidence, they say, that integration is all in Gaia's
plan and that the whites are becoming red before our very
eyes. Hogwash, I say.. But then, what do I know?

Who exactly was the first Indigenous Shadow
Lord? We may never know, but considering the state in
which most of our Kinfolk live these days,.I'm sure
youll have ample opportunity to meet more like him.

FSearret

We hate them. They are a boil on th
Lands, and we are the knife to lance it. T
lands, corrupt our people with whiske
make-out like they've done us a favor!
fools. Theirs must be a hard lesson. Ta

They are worthy only of scorn; be certain
for it.

AND wolf. Without the blood of men, the Talons will one

a

day be wolves only and their strength will be lost to us. We
hope that, they will se this on their own, but it's not our
uct their affaits.

you say?
t about being

trust thei, es
almost as deVious as the fucking Leechess

atoll vPert

_ noe,

They've forgotten what they aré. They point to their
fathers and say ‘Because he was chief, 1 should be too.' That
is not our way.It is not the Garou way. And it sure as-hell
isn't the way of strength. They came to our caerris and drove

HY Nitty LS Of¢t Of OCF

Once we were one of three — Little Brother to
Croatan and Uktena. Croatan is dead, Uktena mightas
well be. There are some who point to the Red Talons
and the Siberakh and say ‘Here are the seeds of our new
brotherhood.' I say they've sperit too long in the sweat
lodge. When last the Three Brothers stood together we
countéd thousands among our number. We were each
a-tribe unto ourselves. The Siberakh are-so few as to
barely constitute a family. A few dozen at their most
numerous, and likely far fewer now'since the terror of
the '90s.. The Talons are -more -numerous,.but not
greatly so -—— and I suspect they would not take kindly
to the patronization ofa tribe so thick with homidas we.
No — what was is gone and will not be again. We must
take solace in the hope for vengeance, there will be no
new brothers for us.

CAapter Two: Beating the Oris 53

A SE NT

them wear the stink of the grave about them, as well. Watch


us out, killed our Kin and called it ‘progress'. They point to
the Litany when it serves them and ignore it when it doesn't.
They demand respect and deserve only scorn. Show them
what real strength is.

tng Mitre of ple Sitter Farge

If the stories are true, he actually listens to some-
one other than himself. Even we have heard the songs
of his deeds. Perhaps the Fangs have at last found the
honor and strength that was lost so long ago: I will not
hold my breath, though. Too long have they demanded
respect without ever earning it. If this one is different I
welcome him, but Pil beli it when I see it.

SPA GAOT SL

Come on, say it
navel gazing to the god «
were thade for quiet co:
us of men and caribou.
and wolf. The least of
the battle is so hard pressed i
worthy of death at worst. Re
come again tocry that theirp

CLEA

Elder Brother h
secrets better left our
tribes of Pure Ones.
Uktena gave.tb
Wendigo.. Our brothers
stooped to miscegenation to
only dilute their strength
a white man‘is better than aw

Nina

Coyote isan old acquaintance of Wendigo and his Kin.
We know him as half wise man, half fool. It's just too bad the
second half is the.one that picked his children.

Don't get me wer
about a whole lot.
you néed to,
damn thing
dead and laugh
that kind of thi
alark. When
carefully. Mi ough. And keep
an eye out for tr faegets it ity his
head that he's in charge and the wolve#are running hind leg
to him, teach him why he'll never be alpha.

ORLY

Keep your distance. It's mot hard to avoid the bears
nowadays. There were never many of them; and these days

re at war here! Leave

ns. Honestly, if we
ould have made
cattle. We are man
fwar."Fo withdraw when
olishness at best, cowardice
nd them of that when they
ious retreats are under siege.

black paths and bitter
hee.there were three
e their lives for Gaia.

given up » their pride and
eir numbers up, but they

gatall. And every
e graves of our

54 Wlendeligo

OLE Ts OT ET a A

approaches you, be wary and
@.say.They are as close
: u might think. But
you are? If you must fight
Bring friends, if you have
-e. They are Gaia's
efore the cunning.

there are even fewer. |
respectful. Listen £
to the Earth as we
never forget who
one, be sure your pack i
any. Do not engage thi
strongest, but even t

SASS
Pah. Cats: The werecou
his whole life and néver sée
no-match for Wendigo.
territory, be mindful of yo
all that. The -we
Uktena and they
Both are jealous, t
the mistreatment

so few an elder could go
e COtigars are hardy, but
come .across ome in his
ers —- cornered cats and
ith anyone ‘but
s best left alone.
o- whining about
thing -else, they
an count at least

with them.
Corne

sss fool. Still, they
cularly useful in a

obably wise to cut them
ppity, though —- remind
hey pick over the corpses.

lawntyrear

' derstand. If you see
neighbors and
thing limb from
the open sky as far
id let the'sun burn
Don't talk. Don' t

ment of its f

y'll show you
hey, too,-hate
t's nice of them
uch you appreci-

will try and cor
how they, too, -ca
the loggers and the mine:
to say so. Youcan tell thei
ate ic aftér you've torn their heads off.
MWthagest

We are not the only ones of that know the secret ways
of the Spirit World. There are others of the First Peoples that
have awakened their spirits to the greater vistas of Gaia.
‘These holy men and shamans walk the spirit paths in the old
way. They keep the ancient pacts and give proper reverente

e


Lo ——

to Gaia. They are great allies -in-a time when "enemies
surround us on every side.

There are-others as well. Sorcerers and witches thar
haveno reverence for the spirit or Gaia at all and only force
their willon the world to their own ends. Avoid them. Ifyou
cannot avoid them, kill them-quickly and leave, for they
always have allies. There are those, also, that ally themselves
directly with the Wyrm. Call your pack and destroy them
utterly. They are an abomination to all rhat we are.

LA CLIL

Since the coming of the W/yrmbringers we have grown
far too familiar with these wayward souls. The Knee is thick
with-them..Before*the coming of the Wyrmbringers: they
were few and far berween. Qur people accepted death as a
part of life and passed on to the lands of their ancestors
happily to meet with those that had gone before: Then so
many were killed as the whites spread across the land, so
many that suffered early, ignominious death —~ death with
neither glory nor honor — that they remained, tied to the
world by their pain and by the lives denied them by rhe
Wyrmbringers' evil: Pity them,-but know them for what they
are: spirits steeped in the taint of the Wyrm. Sometimes you
can aid them —— lead them toward their proper place with
our people. Burt if you cannot, destroy them..If you cannot
offer redemption, at least you can grant release:

Bangg!

Ever have these creatures plagued our Kin? In-recent
years there has been a'strange movement among the whites
to romanticize the nunnehi, but we know them for what
they are. They are drinkers of the soul. They lure our people
into their hunting holes andsteal our people's drearns to feed
their madness: Do not be tempted by their beauty or their
lies; they conceal cold, bleak hearts without mercy or mortal
feeling. If you are tricked into-a bargain with. them, tread
carefully. Many have traded their souls for a bit of bone or
beads all unknowing.

Stranger J Fig

There have been strange tales since the Eye of the.

Wyrm opened -— tales of corpses walking the night and
spirits made flesh. We do not yet know the truth of these
things, but we do not need to know more than whether they
are with us or against us. Ask your pack's Theurge. Ifit smells
like the Wyrm, it probably is of the Wyrm. Don't wait for it
to explain itself. Let your claws and teeth do the talking. If
they were worthy allies, they would make themselves known
to.us before we stumble upon them.

55

ra Ny

ie


I see winter coming to the land that has not known trute

-qwinter or the emptiness of the dark times. Ice covers every

heart: I sée a people eating and consuming as if trying to fill
an endless hole inside them..These strangérs are far more
savage than the coldest winds. Winter has come... The prey

is fled and we are without shelter.
s. White Bear, poet of the Tlingit

TPitld PCL

Other Garou call us many things.

Aloof. Wise. Unforgiving. Proud. Bitter. Cold.
Honest.-Noble.

But as we cannot truly understand their ways, they
cannot truly understand ours. Out of Gaia's necessity;

-we are all different. It is the only way Gaia-can insure

our survival.

And as with all:Gaia's creatures, only the most
worthy endure.

It is clear that the spirit of Great Wendigo knows
well the ways of survival.

Great Weridigo béstowed upon us his gifts, allow-
ing us to freely roam a land where others can barely
draw breath, lest their strength be sucked from their
flesh: This land is our element, our haven. and -our
defense, in its very nature..And this coldest essence of
Gaia has served Great Wendigo asa klaive,carving us,
sculpting us into-purity: It perfected us, over endless

winters. One by one, the weakest have been wirinowed
out: by snow, by frost, by wind, by the corruption of the
Wyrm, by the snares of the Weaver.

And asthe tool of Gaia was used to shape us, $0 our ~

souls-echo Her nature, in.every sinew and bone.-No
other tribe senses as deeply the heartbeat of Gaia. As
the Wheel of the Seasons tutns under Gaia's hand, our
moods wax and wane, our deeds shading themselves to
Her desires.

Spring

In-the thawing time, when creakings rise from
beneath waking ice, we howl] and rut, released at last
from watchfulness: We throw all caution to the winds.
The-spring sometimes overwhelms us with wildness,
fills our senses to bursting with the growing of scent
and sound.

System: A Wendigo adds +1 to the difficulty of all
Willpower rolls during the spring.

Chapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 57

——— SY <LI

Summer

When the brightness of Gaia's sun melts even the
snow, we are called to fight harder, to drive out any
that may invade our territory.. The folly of summer
often leads the Wyrmbringers to venture where they

do not-belong, and with the warmth of Wendigo's

blood in our veins, we defend ourselves and our land to
the death.

System: A Wendigo reduces frenzy difficulties by
1 during the summer.

Autumn

As-the world falls towards sleep, we too-ready
ourselves,.calming our blood and making ready for
Her deepest embrace,.securing the survival of our
Kin: Now is not'a time for change, but for precaution
and preparation,-and we-return all things to their
natural order.

System: A. Wendigo adds +1 difficulty to change
forms during the autumn.

Winter

When Gaia's snow blankets us, we bank our fury,
growing more formidable with each winter's silence,
knowing that Great Wendigo has-chosen this time
for out fullest potency. Woe to any enemy who dares
attack us now.. The fangs of the raw wind bite and
snap,-and we watch from our caerns and laugh at the
ctinging whelps who cannot withstand the harshest
power of Gaia."

System: A Wendigo reduces Soak difficulties by 1
during the winter.

Farid of fle lUbeaf"

Unseasonable weather effects can' trigger -the
Wendigo' tribal weakness, which naturally can: bea
blessing or a curse... An-out-of-season.onséet of the
weakness indicates that the weather change is not just
a short-term freak storm. or oddity, but something
longer lasting or mystically powerful. Almost always,
this is a warning that the change does not stem from
the will of Gaia, but from some other power or spirit
who is tampering with the natural cycle. A sudden
spring-like thaw in the depths of winter, especially
when brought about by a servant of the Wyrm or the
Wyld, can elicit the Spring weakness in a Wendigo's
Willpower. Similarly,a suspect ice storm in the middle
of July can also strengthen a Wendigo's Soak capabili-
ties just as anatural winter would. Generally, if Gaia's
other creatures are affected by the alteration in the
natural weather patterns, Wendigo are affected as
well. If trees start blooming and birds start building
nests in the depths of January, Wendigo find it hard to
resist behaving accordingly.

58 Wendigo

os LL a A

Unusual weather conditions tend to most strongly
affect those Wendigo with low Willpower pools. The
Storyteller may require that a Wendigo character roll
her Willpower against the difficulty equal to the num-
ber of unseasonable days that have passed. If she fails
this check, she loses the effect of Gaia's natural season,
and takes on the weakness or strength of the unnatural
season instead. When the abnormal weather has passed,
the Storyteller tnay allow the character to return to her
usual state, along with the rest of nature.

Tefbl Coffe

Little Brother has guarded his Gifts carefully over
time, passing them down through generations as trea-
sured possessions. The knowledge of Wendigo, .of
Gaia,-of the ones who have gone before —~ all of itisa
vital key to the perseverance of our tribe, guiding us
and sheltering us so that we may continue to fight and
to live. All Wendigo should offer deep gratitude with
each use of a Gift, and take care to preserve the purity
of the Gifts they are given, handing teachings down to
future generations. without change -or adulteration.
Some of the other Garou tribes have allowed their lore
to become compromised by the madness of the Wyrm,
by giving into the incessant wearing away of the
Weaver, letting meanings become garbled and dimin-
ishing the power of the spirits..Do not betray the spirit
of Little Brother, the spirit of Gaia, the essence of the
Garou:

© Nose-to-Tail (Level One) ——-As a wolf curls
into a ball to keep warm, tucking her snout beneath her
bushy tail, curving her spine inward to capture body
heat, so the Garou may make herself resistant to cold.
The Gift is more effective if the Garou is in Crinos,
Hispo,.or Lupus form, but can be used in» Homid or
Glabro form in extremis.. An-ancestor-spirit teaches

"this Gift.

System: The player rolls Stamina +. Survival.
The difficulty of keeping warm depends-upon the
severity of the cold; sub-freezing night only presents
a difficulty of 6 (and few proud Wendigo would
bother using a Gift torésist such a trifle), whilea full-
blown ice storm is difficulty 9. The character should
physically assume the nose-to-tail position, or curl
up, to activate the Gift, but once it has taken effect,
she may move about normally..The difficulty in-
creases by 2 for Garou in Homid or Glabro form. The
power lasts for a-scene, and does not protect the
Wendigo from cold-based attacks or spirit abilities,
but rather only ambient cold temperatures:


MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Physical Trait and
assuming the titular position, the Wendigo becomes
immune to the negative effects of cold weather for the
remainder of the scené. Note that the character need
not remain in the position for the entire duration, only
to- enact the Gift itself. If used in Homid or Glabro
form, the Gift costs an additional Physical. Trait.

e Lift-Your-Leg (Level-One) —= A> Garou may
mark her territory using a spot of her blood, urine, or
saliva, and invoking her totem-or ancestral spirit. The
mark she leaves is identifiable as her own personal sigil,
generally a unique variation-of thé totem's sign, and
causes no damage to the surface it is inscribed upon.
This marking of territory fades after an entire cycle: of
Luna has passed. A-wolf-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis.
Garou are'able to'see the mark without further effort
until it fades a month later. Orhers with knowledge of
the supernatural can identify the mark by making a
Perception + Enigmas roll,.causing the scent of the
sigilto rise, and the inscription to become visible: Note
that the mark does not -convey: knowledge of the
character's identity unless the viewer is familiar with
his scent or his mark.

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait, the
Wendigo may leave a distinctive marker that all Garou
or beings with stipernatural senses are immediately
aware of; humans may or may not notice,depending on
how the marker -is made. "This symbol is always the
same and identifiable as the user's by any who know it.
A prominent description tag or card can be-used-to
indicate this Gift's use.

® Ice Echo (Level One) — Werewolves with this
Gift can conjure a perfect duplicate reflection of them-
selves, an image that is completely identical to the eye
and ear.. The Wendigo can control the image easily,
giving it voice' and gtiiding ‘its motion; as if she is
regarding her.own teflection' in. -a-sheet of ice. An
ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: A character with this Gift may spenda
point of Gnosis'to summon: the Ice Echo, which lasts
for the remainder of the scene or until the werewolf
dismisses it. The Echo sounds and moves exactly like
the Garou, as well as taking on-an- exact mirror image
of her current appearance. However, it does not give
off scent or heat, and is intangible, making it only
useful -for confusing the casual observer... Another
werewolf within fifty feet of the Echo, or downwind
of it, may notice that it has no scent, or may notice
that the Echo is a mirror image, if they have met the
Wendigo before: Any such attempts to reveal the Ice
Echo for what it is are checked by making a Percep-

ee see ees an Ee PEE SS: ee

tion + Enigmas roll against a difficulty of the
Wendigo's Gnosis.

MET: Basic Gift.. By spending a Gnosis Trait, the
Wendigo summons a mitror image of himself, which
looks and-sounds exactly like the original. However, it
is intangible and gives off no scent or heat, allowing
Garou observers a free retest to determine its illusory
nature. The Wendigo must actively focus on manipu-
lating the image, which imposes a two-Trait concen-
tration penalty on all other actions. Suspicious observ-
ers may make a Mental. test (retest Enigmas) to realize
what they are really looking at.

* Scent of the Man-Eater (Level Two) — The
Litany states purely and clearly that Garou shall not
eat the flesh of humans ‘or wolves. Despite the repu-
tation of their totem -spirit,-Wendigo-truly revile
cannibalism as one of the most horrible violations of
the Litany and of the ways of Gaia. This Gift allows
a werewolf to sense if another Garou is guilty of this
depraved act, -by scenting the -staim-of human. or
lupine blood on the target's spirit. An ancestor-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The ‘player rolls Perception +° Primal-
Urge, atadifficulty of 6. Ifsuccessful, the character can
detect whether or not a Garou has eaten'a human ora
wolf since the last full moon. With two successes,-she
éan detect how recently; with three or more successes,
she can tell if it is ahabit with the Garou in question,
or only a shameful aberration.

MET: Basic Gift. With a successful. Mental -test
(retest Primal-Urge), the W/endigo can determine if a
target has eaten a human or wolf since the last full
moon: With the expenditure' of a Gnosis Trait, the
Wendigo-can also learn if this is‘a-habit, or simply a
shameful lapse:

« Salmon Swim (Level. Two) — A Garou with
this Gift is able to swim as easily asa fish, or even walk

on. the surface of the water as if it were land.Salmon...

Swim works only on freshwater bodies; not on the
oceans, but it works as wellon a lake or pond as it does
a river. The Gift does not work within. a swimming
poolor other purely artificial container of fresh water.
This Gift is taught by a salmon+-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis ‘and rolls
Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 7)..For each success,
the character can move freely on or under the surface
of the water for one-turn. Additionally,.during this
period, the Garou can use the effects of the lupus Gift:
Leap of the Kangaroo, so long as he begins and ends his
leap in a sizable body of fresh water.

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait, the
Wendigo may act without penalty underwater for the

Chapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 59

— eS LP NT


rest of the scene, or even walk (not run) across a body
of water for one turn per Physical Trait they are willing
to spend. The Wendigo can also jump as though using
the Gift Leap of the Kangaroo,.provided the above
conditions are met. This Gift only functions in fresh-
water bodies; and it does not function with swimming
pools or other purely artificial freshwater containers.

® Devouring Rime (Level Two) — A Garou with
this Gift can touch something living and cause it to
become covered with ice.-Slowly radiating outward
from the point of contact, a: shimmering coat of ice
crawls over the target's body, freezing every muscle it
touches. into..motionlessness. A..jaggling.of Great
Wendigo teaches this Gift.

System: The character must be within physical
reach of the target,.and must be able to touch the
target's bare skin, flesh, or fur. When he does so, the
player spends one Willpower point tocreateaquickly-
growing layer of ice over the target's body. The target
must spend a point of Rage to resist the devouring
coat of ice before the next round,.ot she becomes
frozen-and immobile for the rest of scene. The ice
itself behaves naturally wnder all external physical
changes; for example, it melts beneath a sudden blast
of heat, and it can-bée chipped away (carefully) by
anyone assisting the target.

MET: Basic Gift. By touching a target's bare skin
or fur (a Physical test if they resist), the Wendigo may
spend a Willpower Trait to create a layer of ice over
most of the target's body. Unless the target spends a
Rage Trait, activates a similar speed-relared power or
defeats the ice in a test of her Physical Traits against
the Wendigo's, she is renderéd nearly immobile for
the. rest of the scene. She may only move one-step
every other turn, she receives the Negative Trait Slow
x2, and cannot initiate any aggressive tests, though
she may still defend herself. The ice melts normally
under the appropriate conditions, though any at-
tempts by the target to chip it away on her own are
utterly ineffective.

® Tourniquet (Level Two) — A weréwolf with
this Gift may use it to drastically reduce any amount
of her own bleeding, specifically blood loss-that she
experiences as a result of combat..A. bloody wound
taken in a duel or in battle by a klaive, blade, fang or
claw can.-be staunched swiftly with a whisper of
gratitude to the spirits..Tourniquet does not heal,
numb or-close the wound, but simply keeps it from
bleeding further. Wendigo consider it very bad form
to use this.Gift "to stem bleeding caused ‘by self-
inflicted wounds, causing the loss of Honor Renown
if its use is known. Accordingly, Wendigo may not

60 VWlrend igo

OLE LL TT SY Ta A

use this Gift while attempting to complete a rite or
other ritual that requires any check of Stamina. A
hawk-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends oné Willpower point
and rolls Strength + Survival. This gift converts Lethal
wounds into. Bashing wounds; and does not ‘repair
Bashing damage on its owns The more-successes she
rolls, the more bleeding she can staunch, at the ratio of
l-success to 2° Health Levels converted.

MET: Basic Gift: By spending a Willpower Trait,
the Wendigo may spend Strengtrh-related Physical
Traits to convert lethal damage to bashing damage on
a one-for-one basis. This does not require an action,
but the Wendigo must be conscious to use this Gift; it
does not activate automatically..In addition, this Gift
instantly halts blood loss; this does not guarantee that
the Wendigo's condition cannot worsen .by other
means; merely that bleeding to death is no longer a
concern. This Gift cannot be used on others.

© Icicle-Hide (Level Three) —— This Gift allows
a character to'transmute herself, and any clothing or
unliving objects that she is touching, into a crystalline
creature of thick, impenetrable ice. As the W/endigo's
form grows suddenly transparent and metamorphoses
into a rippling mobile statue,.she truly takes onthe
essence of ice; asa result; she should avoid coming near
any fire or source of heat, lest she find herself melting.
Her body absorbs blows as solidly as any block of ice.
‘The frozen Garou canstill move, watch; listen, and use
Gifts,-but appears cold and unliving to standard and
infrared observation... This Gift is taught by a polar
bear-spirit.

System: The player spends a Gnosis -point and
rolls Stamina + Subterfuge. While inthis ice-form, the
character takes twice the damage from arry heat-based
attack, but is immune to cold damage (whether from
the ambient temperature or from cold-based attacks).
She also adds an additional. point -of lethal soak per
success rolled. This Gift lasts for one scene, or until the
werewolf wills herself to thaw. The freezing transfor-
mation-is immediate,-but the thawing procedure re-
quires an-entire turn.

MET: Intermediate Gift. By spending a Gnosis
Trait and making a Physical test (retest Subterfuge),
the Wendigo may transform herself and the gear she
carries into living ice, allowing her to ignore all cold-
based damage. This includes any cold-related super-
natural attacks.. She also ignores' the first level of
bashing damage from any attack, as it glances off her
icy hide. However,.she suffers an-additional level of
damage from any fire-based attacks while in this icy
state. This Gift lasts for onescene, or until the Wendigo


chooses to end the Gift; regardless, ‘thawing out" takes
a full turn,-and the Wendigo is still immune/vulner-
able until the end of that turn.

* Strength of Pine (Level Three) —- "This Gift
allows a character to ground herself in the presence of
Gaia, spiritually as well as physically. If the character
is struck by lightning or electricity,.she remains un-
harmed by it for that turn of combat; she also becomes
resistant to physical attacks, regenerating herself as
long as she does not uproot herself from the touch of
Gaia. An earth-spirit anda lightning elemental jointly
teach this Gift.

System: -The player spends. a Gnosis point and
rolls Gnosis + Survival. The difficulty of the grounding
varies depending on the physical location of the char-
acter: 9 if the Garou is surrounded by water or touching
metal; 7 if she is not standing on or touching the earth,
5 if a piece of earth or earth-fetish is carried on the
character's person. Any physical damage inflicted on
the grounded werewolf takes effect, but is then healed
at the next turn, provided she does not move from her
grounding-spot.

MET: Intermediate Gift. By spending a Gnosis
Trait and making a Gnosis test against a difficulty
based on the user's current connection -to the living
earth, the Wendigo may create a-"grounding-spot"
that greatly increases his durability: This Gift cannot
be used on artificial surfaces, and attempting to use it
while in contact with metal or a large body of water
requires an extra Gnosis Trait. While in this ground-
ing-spot (no wider across than his Gnosis in feet), the
Wendigo is immune to lightning or electrical damage.
In- addition, any physical damage: inflicted on.the
Wendigo while he is "grounded" takés effect, but if the
Wendigo' survives to the next turn, all damage: re-
ceived the previous turn is instantly healed, making
him. extremely hard to kill while in his chosen. spot.
This Gift lasts for a numberof turns equal to the
Wendigo's Gnosis rating; he may leave the grounding
spot and return to it during that time; but once the
duration expires this Gift must be used again.

°¢ Whiteout (Level Three) -—— This Gift allows a
Garou to transform the area around her into ablinding
whiteout, rendering it utterly featureless and danger-
ously disorienting. Any characters within the reach of
the spell are enclosed within a frightening, snowy
blizzard-filled dome, which deadens all scents, mutes
all sounds with the roar of wind, and blinds all types of
vision. The Gifted character's senses are untouched by
these effects, although she remains within the whit-
eout. Similarly, other Wendigo are unaffected by the
power of this Gift. A. bear-spirit teaches this Gift.


System: The player spends a point of Gnosis, and
rolls Manipulation .+ Survival. The diameter of the
dome covered by the whiteout varies, depending on
the total successes of this roll, multiplied by five feet.
For example, if the player rolls 9 successes, the area of
the whiteout isa circle 45 feet wide. All non-Wendigo
characters within this area lose one point of Willpower
and one die from all Perception-based pools for the rest
of the scene; when they emerge the Perception penalty
disappears but the Willpower point is gone until it is
regained in the usual fashion.

MET: Intermediate Gift: To active this Gift, the
Wendigo must spend a-Gnosis Trait and make a
Social test (retest Survival). The difficulty depends
on the local weather conditions; calling the Gift-in
the midst of a.smowstorm-or out of darkened sky is
relatively easy, but calling it ona warm, sunny after-
noon -is*near impossible. This Gift cannot be used
indoors. If successful, the Wendigo creates an dizzy-
ing haze of swirling snow and ice emanating out fromi
her ina number of paces equal to her Gnosis~+
Willpower in every direction. Non-Wendigo caught
in this sudden storm suffer a two-Trait penalty on all
tests involving vision while inside, and immediately
lose a Willpower Trait as-the storm saps away their
resolve. This Gift lasts for anumber of turns equal to
the Wendigo's Willpower rating or until she chooses
to end it, whichever comes first.

« Shelter -of Needles: (Level Four) ——~ As the
Strength of the Pine grounds' a- single Garou, the
protective umbrella of the Pine's branches may be
extended to shield any Garou, human or Gaian crea-
ture in the surrounding area.-It also disables anything
electrically powered beneath its canopy for that turn,
as all the power is grounded and funneled towards
Gaia. A pine-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a-Gnosis point' and
rolls Willpower once, at the difficulty of 3+ the highest
Stamina of the other living creatures in the surround-
ing area. If the roll is -a success, those creatures are
sheltered from-electrical shock and physical damage,
in the same manner as Strength of Pine. The distance
between the Garou and the furthest creature from her
determines the size of the canopy. For example, if the
Garou rolls successfully.to-protect several allies, the
furthest of which is 100 feet away from her, all crea-
cures within 100 feet can take advantage of the Shel-
ter. If a sheltered creature moves from its grounding-
spot, it alone loses the protection of the Gift. However,
the Gifted Wendigo may move about freely once the
Gift's effects are established.

62 Wendigo

OLE LL LT YT A

MET: Intermediate Gift: By spending a Gnosis Trait
and making a Willpower test against the mumber of
allies to. be protected plus three, the Wendigo can
extend the same protection from electricity and physi-
cal damage that Strength of Pine provides to a number of
allies within her range. The Wendigo may é€xtend her
protection as far away asher Gnosis + Willpower ratings
in. paces.-Once established, this protection lasts for a
number of turns equal to the Wendigo's Gnosis rating,
plus one additional-turn per Willpower ‘Trait she is
willing to spend. Those protected must not move from
their grounding-spot: or they immediately forfeit their
protection for the duration. The Wendigo may move
freely once the Gift has been established, however. This
Gift does not affect the Wendigo herself, though she is
free to use Strength of Pine to protect herself.

* Bark of Willow (Level Four) — Unlike Resist
Pain, which allows a character to ignore pain through
force -of will, but still feel it; this Gift allows the
Wendigotonumb herself to pain completely, enabling
her to-endure pain for much longer periods of time,
even days. This causes the character to be unable to
judge the severity of her wounds or fatigue, and may
lead her .to continue on unwiseély, causing: herself
further damage during combat while frightening her
enemy with her seeming imperviousness..If the pain
inflicted upon the Garou is not combative, i-e.,she is
undergoing a surgical operation or needs to cross a wall
of flames, she may concentrate her will to keep from
unwittingly furthering the damage to herself, and to
bolster the confidence and courage of any Garou
aiding her. This Gift is taught by a snake-spirit.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis, after
which any sense of pain or physical dis¢omfort fades
entirely, and the character no longer takes wound
penalties. The length of the Gift's pain-numbing ef-
fects lasts fora number of days equal toaroll of Stamina
+. Primal-Urge... The Storyteller should hide the
character's wound levels from him while this Gift is
active..If the character"needs to assess how badly
damaged she is during this time; she must make an
additional roll of Wits + Primal-Urge, at difficulty 7,
although characters with the Medicine knowledge can
use it to diagnose wound levels normally.

A Wendigo who nonchalantly carries: severe
wounds around is intimidating to his foes. Any charac-
ter who wishes to attack a wounded Wendigo who is
using Bark of W/illow must first make a Manipulation
+ Intimidation roll, at the difficulty of the Garou's
Willpower. If the opponent fails that roll, she does not
lose any actions, but she finds herself unable to atrack
the Gifted werewolf.


This Gift may not be uséd while the Garou is
attempting to complete a rite that requires any check
of Stamina.

MET: - Intermediate: Gift. By spending a: Gnosis
Trait, the Wendigo becomes numb to pain, effectively
ignoring all wound penalties for the rest of the scene.
During this time, the Wendigo must make a Mental
test (retest Medicine) to determine how badly injured
he is; it is entirely possible to be mortally wounded and
not know it until the character drops over dead. On the
positive -side,.facing a-character obviously . bearing
grievous wounds without complaint ishighly unnerv-
ing; opponents must defeat the Wendigo in a Social
test (retest Intimidation) to strike first, though they may
defend themselves,.and should the Wendigo strike
them they are able to retaliate normally.

@ Last Stand (Level Four) — By summoning her
determination and calling -to the spirit of Gaia, a
Garou may make herself steadfast and invulnerable.
The strength of the Earth wells up through her feet,
and the ground itself guards her against the approach
of any who wish her harm: Only after all foes have been
vanquished should the Wendigo move from her rooted
spot, else she loses her connection with Gaia. Anearth
elemental teaches this Cift.

System: The player rolls Willpower at a difficulty
of 8.-For each .success,. the character can-add-an
additional die to all Physical dice pools. Additionally,
anyone attacking the Wendigo who also: comes in
contact with the earth is unable to surprise her,-no
matter what direction they may come from. If her foe,
however; is airborne, floating, or otherwise not touch-
ing the ground, the Garou is vulnerable to surprise;
although she does not lose the extra dice added to her
Physical pool. [If the Wendigo moves from her posi-
tion, the effects of the Gift are lost. A*(Garou using Last
Stand is immune -to the Gift: The Falling Touch.

MET: Intermediate Gift. Activating this Gift
requires. a Willpower. Trait. and a.» Willpower test
against difficulty six. If successful, the Wendigo im-
mediately gains a number of bonus Physical Traits

"equal to-her Willpower rating; on top of any other

Traits gained from shapechanging and the like. Fur-
thermore, the Wendigo cannot be surprised by en-
emies touching the earth, and cannot be moved from
her position.short of massive supernatural strength
(or her own -volition).: Moving moré than-a foot or
two from the spot the Gift was activated on ends this
Gift immediately. The Wendigo is likewise immune
to the Gift: The Falling Touch.

© Wsitiplaju's Bow (Level Four) — The Wendigo
with this Gift can loose any arrow from her bow and
unerringly hit her target, no matter where she stands,

eer seen 2 tees an eee en Ee me

as long as there isa path through theair. The Gift sends
the arrow traveling like a bird through any available
space, diving over or under obstacles and around
corners to reach its mark. However, Wsitiplaju's Bow
does not enchant the arrow used, andthe arrow cannot
pass through any barrier that a normal arrow could not
pierce. The spirit of ary ancestor with great skill at
Archery teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Perception + Archery
against a difficulty of 8.. The wielder of the Gift must
form in her mind a picture of the target and its general
location before letting loose the arrow; the target must
be within standard range of the bow, regardless of the
use of the Gift.-This Gift worksnormally with a talen
or fetish arrow.

MET: Intermediate Gift. By spending a Gnosis
Traitand makinga Mentaltest (rerest Archery) against
a difficulty of seven Traits, the Wendigo can fire an
arrow that tracks -its rarget. without fail up to -its
maximum range. Provided there isa path through the
air, itreaches the target. Those targeted by arrows fired
with this Gift cannot Dodge the attack or bid Dexter-
ity-related Traits in defense, and the Wendigo receives
afree retest on the Archery challenge regardless.. Note
that the arrow itself does not have any innate power to
bypass armor or inflict additional damage,.and can
potentially bée'stopped by any barrier that would block

a normal arrow.

* Balance of Wormwood (Level Five) — With
this Gift,.a character can learn to aid another Garou
who has succumbed to the service of the Wyrm,-and
guard them from the Destroyer's influence: Because
Great Wendigo treasures the purity of his Tribe, he
has conferred this.Gift upon his children, -to give
them greater power to continue the fight against the
Wyrm. Like a taste of wormwood, which brings clar-
ity to the mind, two' Garou learn join their spirits
together beneath thé cleansing,.eternal winds of
Wendigo's spirit... With this Gift, depending upon
each other, they may resist the attraction of the
Wyrm that drives werewolves into unspeakable acts
and mindless vile savagery..An-avatar of Great
Wendigo teaches this Gift.

System: The target charactér must already have
fallen into the service of the Wytm, by walking the
Black Spiral or through other means. The Garou using
this Gift must spend a point of Gnosis and make a
Willpower +.Manipulation roll against her target's
Willpower. If she succeeds, the target character may
tesist the horrific urges that the Wyrm brings for the
remainder of the scene. This may be enough to allow
the fallen Garou to attempt the long road back to
Gaia's graces; but thése who are long fallen or far from

Chapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 63

— SE —_— A i TT TEL

1G

Gaia's grace may neéd much more than a simple
application of this Gift. lf the Gifted werewolf fails, her
own current frenzy difficulty decreases by one; and she
may be unable. to avoid falling into the Thrall of the
Wyrm.

MET: Intermediate Gift. This Gift may only be
used on those Garou actively in service to the Wyrm,
and requires the W/endigo to spend a Gnosis Trait and
make a Willpower test with his target: If successful, the
target regains their free will and is pulled from the
Weyrm's horrific embrace for the remainder of the
scene, and may well choose to begin the difficult road
to redemption at this time. This Gift may.b <
multiple times over a period of time to help «
of the afflicted being's suffering, but ulti

carinot cleanse the target itself — they must do that on.

their own.

ye

Ivalu Ghost Fingers of the Stony Ledg

"Garou are always aski
riteémaster. All it re a
alot of rituals. It m I listen and
Pm told a story. If 1 don't understand what's bei
taught to me, ask: IfI still don't understand it, Vm n
ready to. Gaia makes it easy for Garou to know wha
beyond them. 1 trust Her to use me for Her benefit,
the benefit of Wendigo, and for the benefit of my se
Most of the time, when I'm performing, or guidi
sept through a rite, Pm onot absolutely sure wha
going to happen. I give myself up to the knowled
know what it feels like to me, but I-can't tell otk
Garou how to do it. There isn't .a secret formula'
incantation that unlocks the rest of mysticism. You
can't magically make magic work.

"Most of the time, when I give out this explana-
tiom-— which I've done more times than I can count
—— werewolves get upset... They want.things to be
predictable, under control. They want it to be about
fighting and winning, .not surrender... They want-to
believe, like humans do, that they are protected some-
how by noble, lonely, singular greater beings with
superpowers and special toys. Sure, there isa recipe for
opening a caern..There are all sorts of methods,.and
techniques, and prescriptions for songs and scars and
klaives and fetishes. There are things you always do the
same way when performing a rite. But that repetition,
those objects or those words or those howls, they aren't
what makes the rite work. The ritual exists to remind
everyone how power feels, to help to draw the spirit
world closer, to bind the tribe together, to maintain
the bond between Wendigo and Gaia... ''m a tradition-

64 Wlendigo

LIE LT LT ST A —— LL A

alist, at least in this sense. The sacred power belongs to
the tribe and to the Land, not to a single Garou.

"There wouldn't be much point to-a ritemaster
who could just make magic happen without bothering
to perform a rite."

PQ Of Hi nttl ett
REE Of Coypnfing Cruse

Level Two

At the new moon, the ritemaster must carve a
wooden rod or wand, preferably taken from the trunk
ofanash tree or a pine tree."The rod must be the length

», of her own forearm, from tip of the elbow to tip of the

longest claw. Into the rod, the ritemaster must carve a

cawle feathers are sometimes tied to the
end of the rod, using a strip of leather or sinew: The
ritemaster may keep this rod, or award it to someone
res dby the werewolfin question. To
only mecds to tap the target

taking of this coup triggers deep. submission and re-

morse in the punished Garou, lessening their Renown;
aneffect that is not relieved until the next new moon.

System: The ritemaster must make the standard
Charisma + Rituals rolls at a difficulty of 7. The act of
ounting coup must take place in public. If the pun-
hed Garou is guilty, the amount of Honor Renown
she loses increases by one point for every 5 witnesses.
milarly, the amount of Honor Renown awarded to
coup-giver and/or the ritemaster increases by one
int for every 5 witnesses. However, if the Garou is
t guilty of the deeds that have been inscribed onto
the wand, it breaks when she takes the coup,.and the
ritemaster and the wielder of the wand suffer a loss of
l-point of Honor Renown and 1 point of Wisdom
Renown.

MET: Basic Rite. & standard Social test (retest
Rituals) is required to perform this rite. In addition, the
ritemaster must construct a coup stick as described
above, which can only be wielded effectively by the
ritemaster or someone who believes they have been
wronged by the target of the rite. A wieldéer may only
count coup'with the stick in public, in front of wit-
nesses. To count coup, the wielder should approach
the target, announce "Counting Coup" and describe
how they lightly tap the offender's head or shoulders
with the coup stick; the strike cannot cause damage or
be used to deliver any other effect. If the subject is
guilty, he suffers loss of Honor Renown as déscribed
above; likewise, ifhe is innocent, the wand breaks, and
the ritemaster and the wielder suffer the above penal-


ties. Note: A Physical test (retest Rituals) is required to
touch a target with a coup stick if he resists, though it
should be noted that most Wendigo see attempting to
avoid the coup stick as base cowardice, not to mention
an admission of guilt as well. After all, if the target is
innocent, he will be*vindicated, and since the strike
deals no damage, what harm is there?

JSivarson fle Jiyiag

Level Five

"The ritemaster collected the bones of a bunch of
different animals: bear, seal, fish, walrus, horse, deer.
Since the totem of Yellow Fang's pack was Wisagatcaq,
the ritemaster added the bones of a jaybird's wings.
Then he bound the pile of bones together, with sinew
and fresh intestines, tying knots in an-order I didn't
understand, singing in a language none of us knew. He
laid the entire thing onto the whole skin -of a-wolf
that'd died of natural causes, and sewed the wolf skin
shut with aneedle of bone. With his bare hands, he dug
a prave into the earth. of the caern, which scared the
piss out of anyone who hadn't already wet themselves.
And then he just..: threw the bundle into it. The rest
of us put a rock on top of the grave and said Yellow
Fang's name. We covered it up fast. Nobody wanted to
see the empty wolf skin, lying there in the ground.

"The wrath of Great Wendigo rose, then. I could
barely believe what I was seeing. I saw the curling of
ice-smoke seeping out of the jumble of rocks, making
the bloody heap underneath twitch; shudder, and
finally crawl to its feet. With a horrifying, halting jerk,
the thing awoke — its skin was lurching and shudder-
ing around, but I could tell the bones inside it were
knitting together somehow. The abomination scrabbled
to. get its balance and then started off southward,
unstoppably plowing through the snow, leaving an
incredibly corrupt stench. in its wake. I think we all
threw up then,-even the ritemaster.. The Tupilaq was
on the Hunt.

"Two days later, Jini Grey-Cloud found what was
left of Yellow Fang, outside the cave where he had been
hiding: The Tupilag must have dragged him out. Jini
never could bring herself to tell me what she saw. She
told us she left him there for the crows."

~— from the writings of Theodore Sha-wun-uk,
Wendigo wildlife conservationist

System: The ritemaster must ascertain, through
the successful completion of another Rite of Punish-
ment of lower level, that the traitor Garou is worthy of
death. Because of the horrible nature of this rite, itis
generally reserved only for those who commit the
worst offenses, such ‘as eating the flesh of humans or
wolves, openly ignoring an honorable surrender,-or

——————————


damaging or destroying a‘¢caern.- The Tupilaq is sum-
moned by assembling a group of accusers, each of
whom offer their own knowledge of the traitor's trans-
gressions during the rite, either aloud or silently. The
ritemaster must make a Charisma +.Rituals roll, as
usual, and all other participants in the rite must spend
a point of Gnosis to contribute to the rite. Once the
Tupilaq has been unleashed, nothing keeps it from
killing its quarry.

She Sytag

This spirit is aremorseless, unstoppable preda-
tor, completely single-minded in its pursuit of the
wretch that has been selected as its:prey. It obeys
the desires of Great Wendigo and Gaia alone, who
decide if the targeted Garou has gone astray from
the pack and the tribe, beyond any redemption or
forgiveness. The Tupilaq always wears the sham-
bling skin of a wolf, but the jumbles of bones inside
it are never Garou, signifying the complete alien-
ation: of its target. Everything about the Spirit is
repulsive, from the vile stink it leaves in. its wake,
to the blank spaces behind its empty eyeholes.

The Tupilagq does not suffer a loss of Essence if
it fails its Tracking or Disorient rolls.

Willpower 10, Rage 7, Gnosis 10, Essence 24

Charms: Tracking, Materialize; Airt Sense;
Disorient

Le Of Lael

Level One

To perform this rite, the werewolves in mourning
for a dead Garou gather in solemnity: Océasionally,
human Kinfolk are invited to join, if they were particu-
larly close to the departed Garou, or of her bloodline.
Everyone in-attendance at the rite should bring with
them an object or item:-one that belonged -to the
deceased, was given to.them'' by the deceased,° or
commemorates something about her life and deeds.
Then, during the rite, each participant should step
forward and display the item, relating its story. The
objects are often collected inte a medicine bundle, or
stored in a ritually carved box or chest, although what
is done with the items varies from tribe to-tribe. The
items and the sadness all should be sacrificed, regard-
less.. The -box. can be burnt, sending the collected
smoke of all the memories onto the wind, into the next
world along with the spirit of the dead Garou; or the
box can. be buried for a period of time (usually a lunar
year) until the pain of mourning has lessened, then
unearthed to signify the continuance of life, before
66.

we

Wendigo

OP

being déstroyed. The place where the box is buried is
considered sacred, like a caern, for the duration of its
interment.

System: The titemaster indicates who is to tell
their story, usually inorder of rank,. from lowest to
highést.. Enemies of the deceased Garou have been
known-to-atténd a Rite of Remembrance. Unlike a
simple Gathering for the Departed, which sometimes
can make a connectionto the spirit world through the
power of released -emotion,.this is-a-rite performed
chiéfly to aid in the grieving of the living, and does not
influence the spirits of the dead or any other ancestor-
spirits... At the Storytéller's discretion, this rite may
improve the Renown. of the dead Garou; a particularly
good story may also give the teller a point of Wisdom
Renown as well, especially if she is a Galliard.

Level Two

Performing this rire allows the riternaster to take
into herself, licerally, the outstanding issues or sins of
a restless spirit or ghost. She does this by meditating
and summoning the spirit, binding it into a prepared
piece of food, and eating it. She then calls out the name
of the ghost and chants*aloud the essence of the
urisolved marter,-declaring that she has taken. the
matter upon herself to settle. The ritemaster-is then
compelled to right whatever wrongs keep the ghost
from passing on peacefully: Only when the matter is
resolved can the spirit find its way to its deserved next
life in the afterworld..-Since the ghost: in: question
usually brings itself ro someone's attention through its
unquiet nature, it is much easier for a mystic to sum-
mon. it. However, depending on how unsettled the
spirit isy it may be conversely much more difficult to
coerce it to cooperate with the rite, admit that it
cannot solve the problem itself, and allow itself to be
bound and consumed. Often other trusted kin of the
spirit attend this ceremony and help the ritemastet to
convince the ghost that the rite can help it.

System: The ritemaster does not need .to pierce
the Gauntlet or enter the Umbra)-as in most Mystic
rites such as the Rite of Summoning, but she does need
tospenda point of Gnosis in order to contact the spirit.
The Storyteller should determine ahead of time what
crime or sin has kept the ghost from passing on to the
lands of its ancestors, and what clues this rite might
provide the sin-eater to aid it. To bind the ghost to the
piece of food, she must successfully make-a Charisma
+ Intimidation roll against the difficulty of the ghost's
Willpower. Once the binding has been achieved and
the -ritemaster has consumed ‘the food, she makes a
Charisma + Rituals roll against the difficulty of the
ghost's Rage: The more successes she rolls, the easier it

|


is for her to absolve the sin or find the Source of the
problem -and ‘solve it, restoring all things to their
natural balance.

MET: Basic Rité? In addition to the standard test
to perform the rite, the ritemaster must also make a
Social test' (retest.Intimidation) against the ghost's
Willpower + Rage (or Angst, if using Oblivion): Ac-
tually resolving the sin is left to roleplaying, though
with an additional Social test (retest. Rituals), discov-
ering the nature -of the actions that need to be taken
can be made slightly easier.
Rife of Nigliebiade

Level Four

The Garou participating in ~<this rite must all
patrake of a carefully brewed téa that contains a
considerable amount of a particular narcotic, usually
including nightshade as one of the ingredients. This
sends all who drink it into a state of Reaching -——~
piercing the Gauntlet and allowing the Near Umbra
to become more accessible —- that generally lasts for
at least three days. The ritemaster and the partici-
pants must then focus their attention upon a particu-
lar object that is placed at rhe center of aritual circle.
The ritemaster calls upon Wendigo ancestor-spirits;
asking them to tell the story of the object, from its
birth until the current time. In this way, the rite can
chain: together-a history of whoevér touched -the
object, what the object was used for, or what it saw,
heard, or €xperienced..If the object is the focus of a

"very powerful emotion -or meaningful -event,~ the

ancestor-spirits are more likely to retrieve arid share
more of their memories.

System: Anyone drinking the poisonous night-
shade tea automatically spends a point of Gnosis and
loses a Health Level... The ritual participants: must
spend at least 6 Gnosis point to discover any useful
information about the object.. The success of the rite is
dependent on the Gauntlet rating of the place where
the rite is being performed. The ritemaster must match
this number with an extended test of Charisma.+
Rituals. If she does not make this roll, she may spend
a point of Health and a point of Gnosis to add an
additional success..Astherite continues, the ritemaster
may make one roll on this extended test every hour.

MET: Intermediate Rite. After consuming the tea
and spending the requisite Traits, the ritemaster makes
aseries of Social tests (retest Rituals) equal to his Rituals
rating, plus one additional test per Rituals level or
Willpower Trait he is willing to spend. The difficulty
of these tests is equal to the local Gauntlet rating. Only
once a number of these tests equal to the Gauntlet

ce sen ne rs en A EE et mee

rating have been won is the rité successful and the
information surrounding the item imparted (usually
by the Narrator)..This series of tests may be attempted
once per hour until the rite is successful or the ritemaster
fails every test in -a series,-in which case the rite is
considered a failure and cannot be attempted again
that session: Note that each additional series costs an
additional Gnosis Trait and an additional Health
Level, neither of which can be regained or regenerated
until the rite is completed.

Caern Fer
Rie of fle Five Lance

Level Two

Totenew the power residing in acaern of Healing,
werewolves may perform this rite, which counteracts
the effects of pain and allows the cooling powers of a
Water elemental or other spirit to rise further to the
surface. The ritemaster should prepare a layer of burn-
ing coals, wood chips, péat, moss, or caribou droppings.
The participating werewolves then dance. upon the
fire, howling and capering, proudly declaring their
imperviousness to the searing heat..Sometimes the
dancers smear their paws or feet with layers of white
clay, if such can be had, to prevent burns and blisters.
They can also chew the leaves of several herbs known
to reduce pain..Only these worldly natural gifts of
Gaia; such as plants, animals, earth, or wind, may be
used to protect a dancer from being burned. Mystical
aids only drain more power, and so a fire dancer should
never use another Gift, fetish, talen,-or other rite to
guard her from' the fire. Wendigo believe that they
should enact this rite-on the night of the 13th full
moon of each year. ;

System: A-fire daricér must roll her Stamina +
Rituals successfully to take part in. the rite without
damaging herself. Together all the dancers must spend
more combined Gnosis than five times the current
level of the caern, in order to refresh the caern's power.
The completion of this rite also earns a dancer a point
of Glory Renown. It is considered particularly good
luck if the ritemastér cannot keep the fires lit once the
rite has begun.

MET: Basic Rite: Every fire dancer must succeéd at
a Physical test (retest Rituals) against a difficulty of
twelve Traits in order to participate without -being
injured. Failure means that the dancer suffers a level of
aggravated fire damage. Note that due to the magic of
the rite only one test must be made for the duration of
the rite. regardless of the heat of the fire, unless it
requires a particularly long time to complete.

ChAapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 67

RS NS

4

a

AYE! Of enon
Level Three

The Great Bear is one of the most easily identifi-
able constellations; ever-present over the frozen hori-
zon, it serves as a constant reminder of the power of the
North and the Sacred Pole: Stories have given. it
different forms and names ——~ a reindeer,.a coffin; a
dipper,.a chariot for kings, aspurned maiden — but in
most legends told by Gaia's people, it takes the shape
of the Bear. One of the oldest legends tells of three
stars, the bright spirits of three brave warriors. Through-
out the year they pursued their prey, a pure white bear
bigger than all three men put. together. When autumn
came, their spears finally found their target, and the
blood of the Great Bear dripped down from the heav-
ens; to turn the leaves of all the trees red as he died.

‘This rité celebrates the fierce and determined spirits
of these three Star-Hunters, by sending three brave new
avatars back into pursuit of asingle target of the ritermaster's
choice. For the Rite .of the Great Hunt, a-sept or a
ritermaster is usually sent a vision from Gaia; indicating a
worthy victim orsactrifice: lnorder to add to this rite a hunt
for the Great Bear, the Spirit of Great Wendigo conveys
his own, separate message and target, but to the ritemaster
alone. A. ritemaster must be confident in her bond with

Gaia and Great Weéndigo, and also confident that her
septmates are willing to trust her vision and risk shame to
achieve even greater glory. Although Gaia has been
known to sacrifice one of the Garou as the quatry for Her
rite, Great Wendigo never chooses one of his children as
the target. Usually the prey of each hunt is different, but
tend to possess some mystical bond or commection that
may not become evident until both rites are completed.
System: This: is a-seasonal rite, and should be
incorporated into the Rite of the Great Hunt,.which is
traditionally performed at Midsummer. The Rite of the
Great Bear cannot be completed unless the Rite of the
Great Hunt is successful. The hunt for the Great Bear,
however, lasts longer than aday, and must be completed
by the autumnal equinox. If the Star-Hunters have not
captured and killed their quarry by this time, the shame
becomes truly damaging. Any points of Glory Renown
earned by a character for the completion of the Great
Hunt are totally lost. However, if the hunt for the Great
Bear is finished successfully, the gain of Glory for each
character participating in .the rite rises another three
points —— once for each of the three Bear Hunters.

Le of fle tpersr
Level Four

Two enemies agree to meet within the bounds of
a neutral caernm. A magical circle is inscribed by a


neutral ritemaster, surrounding the caern. Once the
circle is closed, the foes may neither leave the circle
nor fight each other until they have completed their
part of the rite — the carving of two-sacred knives,
from'a common piece of ivory tusk or bone." They may
bring no tools, but only use the sharpness of their
claws.-Together, they must crouch and work, side by
side like kin, controlling their Rage and their form.
The two foes must dedicate themselves without rest,
food, or aid, to the creation of their weapon, the
instrument of their vengeance. Once a knife is ‘per-
fected, to the pleasure of Gaia, its edge bursts into an
unmistakable glow of cold blue light. The creator of
that knife may then atrack her foe as she desires. The
slower Garou, if she can survive the first blow, may not
depart the magic circle or defend herself until her knife
is finished and found satisfying to Gaia..Usually this
rite ends with. the death of one of the two rivals;
because of this, the performing of this rite is naturally
discouraged, because any loss of Garou life brings the
Apocalypse one step closer.

System: For every hour that passes within the
circle, each Garou must make a Rage roll of increas-
ing difficulry, beginning at 4.They each mustalsoroll
Crafts + Ritual against each other, to indicate how
well the knife is being carved. If either opponent
should fall into frenzy before completing her task, the
rite is considered to have been violated. The ritemaster
may then either dissolve the boundary circle, allow-
ing external interference or aid, or she may keep the
circle closed and simply allow the non-frenzied Garou
to fight back in - her own defense; without finishing
the carving of the knife: Asinall duels, the ritemaster
is considered to be the Master of the Challenge. Any
Garou that is wounded must make a check not-to
frenzy-If thé latter situation is chosen, it's considered
proper forthe victor to finish the carving her knife in
thanks to Gaia; after her foe has been defeated. If the
ritemaster wishes, additional Renown may be awarded
to the victor, depending on the beauty or quality of
the knife, which then. is usually worn-openly with
pride. The knife thereafter is ready to be enchanted
as.a fetish, witha particular affinity for spirits with
high Rage.

MET: Advanced Rite. Every scene that they are
confined together, the participants must make a Rage
test to avoid frenzy, beginning at difficulty four and
increasing by one Trait per scene.'Those who fall into
frenzy before finishing their knife are considered to
have violated the rite, and the ritetnaster may choose
to either dissolve the barrier or simply allow the non-
frenzied Garou to fight back without finishing his
knife: Wounded Garou must test to avoid frenzy as

eee scene rs an er seen PY es me

normal. In addition, each scéne bothparticipants must
make a Physical test (retest Crafts or Rituals) to deter-
mine the progress of their blade; anumber of successful
tests equal to 7 - (eachritualist'sCrafts or Rituals rating,
whichever is higher) isnecessary before the blade can
be considered complete..Blades crafted during this
ritual make natural fetishes.

ee of Teor

Level One

Even the wild spirit of Great Wendigo grows
weary, after eons of battle against the ever-encroach-
ing madness of the Wyrm and the Weaver. His cold
fury, like allsources of Gaia's might, needs renewaland
respite in order that hé continue to guide and guard his
children..In gratitude for the blessings he grants his
tribe, for the enduring strength he lends them, once
every year, Wendigo's children offer to him the gift of
rest. On the longest night of the winter, all Wendigo
gather respectfully at their closest caern, or simply ina
place of safety with their pack. Upon the setting of the
sun and the rise of Luna, the Garou join their voices
together ina howling lullaby,.serenading Wendigo
into his only night of sleep. The sound of these gentle,
sustained and soothing howls allows him to rest in the
bosom of Gaia, replenishing himself from the uncor-
rupted and chaotic fount of the Wyld. Meanwhile,
Wendigo's children remain quiet and awake, keeping
a vigil through darkness, protecting their Kinfolk and
themselves..On Midwinter morning, when the' sun
rises, the Garou waken Great Wendigo with a howl of
welcome and joy akin to the Cry of Elation, welcoming
him back with pride and singing the glories of the
coming year. Then the partying begins; all should
rejoice with feasting, merrymaking, brawling, and rev-
elingin their bonds toeach otherandtoGreat Wendigo:
Often Galliards regale their.Kin with stories of excep-
tional bravery, gratitude and wisdom: Camp celebra-
tions have been known to last for several days. Usually
all activities and travel come to a stop on the Longest
Night, and it is considered a damnable crime to -per-
form. any rites or use any Gifts that- would need
W eridigo's attention or participation. Wendigo him-
self deals with the foolish Garou who wakes him before
dawn immediately and severely, if other werewolves
don't get to her first. Interrupting Great Wendigo's
sleep may endanger the lives and spirits of the entire
tribe -— nobody knows for sure what horrible things
may happen, though, because so far no one has been
quite that stupid. ;

System: In addition to the usual roll of Charisma
+ Rituals made by the ritemaster at a difficulty level of

Chapter Three: Guarcians of the Pure Lands 69

— ES SN

4

6, in order to mark the beginning of the-rite, every
participating Garou has the option of spending a point
of Gnosis, as their personal offering of energy to aid in
Great Wendigo's rejuvénation.. Whether Wendigo
returns the favor: later remains at the Storyreller's
discretion.

Rife of fle Pteaty lfear

Level Three

This rite is generally performed after the comple-
tion of any rite where a Garou is killed for her trans-
gressions, inan attempt to restore Gaia's balance tothe
tribe. For example, the ‘rite's ameliorating effects are
cast upon a-pack or sept after the conclusion-of the
Hunt of a cannibal Garou, .the Rite of the Vipers,
Gaia's Vengeful Teeth, or the Summoning -of the
Tupilaq: The participants chant to Gaia and Great
Wendigo their regret for the killing of a-brother or
sister; regardless of the fact that she deserved to die, the
loss of a Garou life-is not-a thing to célebrate..No
matter how difficult it may be, each werewolf at the rite
should recite something redeeming; worthwhile, or
memorable about the dead Garou: The ritemaster and
the participants then declare to the spirits their sorrow
that they were unable to lead the traitor back from her
offending path, and request that Gaia bear the traitor's
spirit into the afterlife of the ancestors with forgiveness
and relief from shame:

System: The ritemaster spends one point of Gnosis
to awaken an.untouched talen .of Gaia, symbolizing
the purity that is sought, and then makes a Charisma
+ Rituals roll at a difficulty 8..All participants in-the
rite also spend one. point: of Gnosis..Finally, at a
difficulty of the Storyteller's discretion; each partici-
pant should roll their Charisma + Empathy, inorder to
manage-a-sincere offering-tale for the redemption of
the traitor Garou's spirit.

MET: Intermediate Rite. In addition to the' stan-
dard test to perform the rite and the necessary Gnosis
expenditure, those speaking on behalf of the treacher-
ous Garou have the option: of making a Social test
(retest Empathy; packmates' or relatives receive' an
automatic retest) in order to manage a suitably sincere
and moving offering.-The Narrator is encouraged to
offer additional retests or even waive the need fora test
entirely -if the roleplaying surrounding this: rite. is
exceptionally good, particularly if the rite: involves
another player's character.

Rife of tha Stood Fzafte

Level Five
This rarest of ceremonies is performed in order to
absolve a cannibal Garou of their sin-and remove the

7O VWlendigo

OLE LL ET LT A

taint of their actions, at the cost of all their Rank and
Renown. Because of the difficulty in:completing this
rite, and the ghastly nature of the situation itself, it is
seldom finished,-always performed in utter secrecy,
and even. more seldom -discussed...Many ritemasters
have atgued that the risk of redeeming a cannibal can
never be outweighed by the cannibal's usefulness to
the pack or tribe. It is generally decided, .in a secret
Council of the Second Birth, that the Garow in ques-
tion possesses an ability or asset that is absolutely vital
to the survival of the tribe. Only when this Council has
come to this conclusion will the rite be prepared. The
details of the rite itself are simple in contrast to the
politics surrounding it..At the full moon; the cannibal
Garou is brought blindfolded, bound and gagged, to
the center of a concealed earthen circle.If the circle is
discovered by anyone outside the-rite's council, the
area is considered polluted and the rite fails. This ritual
area must have been purified and consecrated to Gaia
nightly over the course of one entire lunar month,
using the Rite of Cleansing, the smoke of burnt birch
or willow: branches, and copious amounts of blood
from two different ritemasters. One of the ritemasters
howls the transgressions of the cannibal Garou ina
Curse of Ignominy, standing at the westernmost point
of the circle, reviling the villain's deeds with discor-
dant disdains Simultaneously, the other ritemaster
performs a Howl of Introduction from the easternmost
point, reciting the new identity that the Garou will
assume, assigning all the committed sins to the preévi-
ous, vile persona. Both howls must end precisely at the
same time.-At this moment,-the target of the rite, for
all intents and purposes,-has his Wyrm-taint torn out
by the hand of Gaia. Note that this taint remains a
coherent -spirit-thing in the nearby Umbra: it may
evaporate, manifest as a'spirit of some kind, or affix
itself to another target, .as befits the Storyteller's néeds.
Whether ornot this reborn Garou (always an Ahroun)
still possesses the very powers and Gifts that made him
so valuable isan entirely different risk undertaken by
the Council.

MET: Advanced Rite: Due to this rite's inherently
dramatic and potentially contentious results, it ishighly
recommended that at least the Spirit Keeper and
preferably the Storyteller be present to adjudicate the
rite and its results. They are also encouraged to make
this rite as mysterious, haunting and memorable.-as
possible,-and to emphasize the story value of this rite
over simple in-game mechanics. As the rite's success or
failure is determined entirely by the will of Gaia (a.k.a.
the Storyteller), players should accept and understand
that the rite's outcome is completely in the Storyteller's
hands before undertaking it.


is Ties
Rife of Fle Sin Ponce

Level Two

A-worthy Wendigo can make contact with the
spirit-world without the use of drugs or smoke, driving
herself into a state of Reaching simply by enduring
pain. At the center of the caern or Glade, the partici-
pants: must carve and erect .a wooden totem. pole,
decorating it with long straps of rawhide or caribou
skin.-At the top of the pole, acaribou skull should be
affixed, facing northwards. At the-end of each strap
hangs a sharpened hook, sometimes made of silver. At
Sunrise, the ritermaster, or the Garou who will undergo
the rite; allows the hooks to be fastened into her flesh.
Once the hooks ‘are secured, the participants encour-
age the werewolf with a Howl of Introduction,.an-
nouncing her intentions to Helios and the spirit world.
Then they depart, leaving her alone, .and the Sun
Dance. begins...Frequently, the Garou also cuts -or
otherwise mutilates herself repeatedly for a maximum
amount of pain, offering up her blood in-sacrifice to
Gaia and Great- Wendigo..The Dance -usually lasts
until the werewolf rips free of the hooks or otherwise
collapses, although the longershe can continue through
the pain and blood loss; the more power she can draw
to herself.

System: The ritemaster or the invoking Garou
makes a Charisma + Rituals roll to announce the rite
to the Umbra. She then makes a Gnosis roll, and any
successes above the single one required add to the
effectiveness of the rite, which endows the Garou with
increased blessings of Helios. Whenever the sun shines
upon her, for the remainder-of the momnth,-she is
guarded by mystic spirits of Helios, the power level of
the summoned spirit constrained by the difficulty level
of the rite, as determined by the Storyteller (as in the
Rite of Summoning):

Spirit Type Difficulty
Gaffling 4
Jaggling 5
Avatar 6
Incarna 8-9

Avatar of Helios 10

Additionally, Garou who fully take part in this rite
may gain a-point of Glory Renown, as well.as an
additional die to Social dice pools when interacting
with any of Helios's brood.

Re of Lefverdipce
Level Three

Like the Gift of Wormwood's Balance, this rite ‘is
performed so' that Garou close to each other in a pack

may depend upon each other to défeat the poison of
the Wyrm: However, the spirit of Great W'endigo can
bestow an even greater strength upon the bondsamong
his tribe. During this rite, the ritemaster may learn to
combat Derangements that another Wendigo close to
her may possess —— even the Derangements of a metis,
although she must be of Wendigo blood. The-two
Wendigo must belong to the same pack,-and both the
characters must have fought together in a battle where
the werewolfs Derangement has taken hold and caused
a defeat to their pack orsept. A controlled situation is
set up, preferably with the target Garou's knowledge,
to cause her to become Deranged.-At her side, offering
complete trust, the ritemaster as deliveret guides them
both through the ritual, fully sharing in and enduring
the effects of this Derangement alongside her, forging
alink between them through the Umbra. ‘Through this
bond, the deliverer forces her will upon the Derange-
ment, subduing it herself, and then lends courage and
support, aiding the Deranged character to do the same.
When-the effect of the Derangement has been mas-
tered, the two linked Garou both complete the ritual
by calling upon the spirits of Gaia and Great Wendigo
and offering thanks.

System: The rite itself bégins with the triggering
of the Derangement. The ritemaster then.spends. a
point of Gnosis and makes a Wisdom. + Empathy roll
against her target's Willpower, to share the Derange-
ment.. Finally, the -ritermaster must then make a-suc-
cessful Willpower roll of her own (difficulty 5) to gain
enough control to complete the rite. For every failure,
the difficulty rises by one point. If she succeeds, the
target. character may resist her Dérangement for the
next lunar month..If the rite should fail, then the
ritemaster absorbs the target's Derangement, instead,
for the same period of time.

MET: Intermediate Rite. In addition to the stan-
dard test to perform the .rite; the ritetmaster ‘must
either prompt or wait forthe target's Derangement to
trigger..At this time, he may make-a test of his
Wisdom + Empathy rating against the target's Will-
power; if successful, he now shares the target's De-
rangement. This Derangement is gained in its most
active state, and both participants should roleplay
the behavior accordingly. Immediately. afterward,
the ritemaster must then make .a Willpower -test
against five Traits in order to régain enough self-
control to finish the rite..Each failure on this test
increases the difficulty by one Trait, andthe riternaster

may only make a number of such Willpower tests:

equal to his Willpower rating before the rite fails and
he suffers the target's Derangement for one full lunar
month... If the ritemaster succeeds, However,: the

Chapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 71

— DT TT


ritemaster immediately shakes off the madness en-
tirely, and the target may resist her Derangement
without spending Willpower for one full lunar month.

P86 Of Ftd ARLWCEP

Level Five

‘This is one of the few céremonies that Wendigo
hide from.-their Kinfolk,-and itis never undertaken
lightly. Galliards say that the rite has been passed
down. through.the generations; from Grandmother
Luna, for Garou alone; sothat they may speak to Luna
in times-of need... When great trials and questions
plague the tribe, the.Elders meet in council and
choose a' Theurge' to lead a moon dance: A. sacred
vessel is crafted in.a fashion befitting the nature of the
question, and purified in preparation to contain a
great spirit. The Theurge and.achosen pack of danc-
ers begin: the dance by passing into the LJmbra and
choosing a moon path'to follow. As they run down
the path, they howl and sing of the troubles of their
people, letting their cries for help echo through the
Umbra: If Luna favors their prayers and.judges that
her aid is needed, she sends a Luné to appear and test
their strength. The Theurge chosen to lead the rite
must then count coup on the spirit, using the ritually-
prepared vessel in place of the customary wand. The
Theurge and the Lune test their wills-against each
other.. The longer the battle; the more pleased Luna
is, and the more auspicious the answer received.
Should the Theurge overcome the Lune spirit, it
submits utterly and passes into the vessel, where it
remains until the next spring; when the-fetish shat-
ters with the first cracking of the ice. Should the Lune
overcome the Theurge instead, the Lune escapes, and
the Theurge's spirit is bound inside the vessel to dwell
there-so long as-it remains whole..The vessel, upon
first being lifted, speaks whatever answer Luna has
seen fit to grant, directly into the heart of the holder.

System: Thisrite is performed similarly to the Rite
of Counting Coup and the Rite of the Moon Dance;
the Theurge ritemaster must roll Charisma + Rituals at
a difficulty determined by the Willpower (8)+ Rage of
the summoned. Lune..A.Theurge that completes this
rite earns a point of Renown for every success she rolls
past the Lune's Willpower + Rage. This rite may take
place at any time during the lunar cycle,-but the Elders
must determine the time, depending on the talent of
their Theurge and the seriousness of the trouble..If the
rite is performed during the new moon; the Lune puts
up less of a-fight,-and is most easily subdued, ensuring
the success of the ceremony and a solution, although
it is- not Luna's most powerful. or pleasant answer.
Conversely, at the full moon, Luna herself can exert

2 Wlendigo

OLE Le Fs ET TO A

miore of her energy and good will to aid the Wendigo
with-their problem, and the Lune willsimilarly be at its
strongest and most difficult to defeat:

MET: ~Advanced Rite: To enact this rite, the
Theurge must make a Social test (retest Rituals) against
the combined Willpower + Rage of the~summoned
Lune: In addition, the Luné adds up to five Traits to
this total based on the current phase of the moon when
the rite is performed, from-one Trait during the new
moon up -to-a full five Traits for the full .moon. If
successful, the Theurge gains one Renown Trait plus
an additional Renown Trait for each additional Trait
the Lune had-due to the phase of the moon.. This rite
can only be performed at the behest of the Elders, and
the qualiry or pleasantness of the answer depends on
the phase of the moon: new moon Lunes are easier to
defeat,-but-also highly evasive and unpleasant, while
Lunes of the full: moon -are -—powerful. and tough but
equally forthright and helpful when defeated.

Cavite CUED ated FOES
These Gifts and rites are taught within a specific
Wendigo camp; as local, focused lore, they are usually

only sharéd with other camps within the Wendigo,
and are not generally shown.to other Garou.

ACSF Ponce

© Virgin Snow (Level Two) ——Nunavut, tomany
Wendigo, remains a symbol -of hope and preserved
purity among Garou and Kinfolk -alike.. The Ghost
Dance has always trusted in the power that tradition
holds, and it réveres the perfect and simple ways that
have been imparted from: generation to- generation.
This Gift rewards any Garou who chooses to follow the
path-of the' old ways rather -than-take a modern or
Wyrmcomier shortcut. An ancestor-spirit teaches this
Gift to the Camp of the Ghost Dance in' Nunavut.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point, and
then tolls Intelligence + Rituals at a difficulty of 6. If
she succeeds, she may add one point to any ability roll
she needs to make;.she must be offered a.choice
between a human or Wyrmcomer way, and a Garou or
Kinfolk way, both applicable to the same -Ability ——
and consciously choose the Garou way.-For example,
a Wendigo who refuses penicillin, and chooses to fight
an infection with a time-tested poultice of herbs and
roots, carn add-a point to her Medicine knowledge; a
werewolf who leaves behind a nylon backpack,-GPS,
and freeze-dried food before a journey can add a point
to her Survival skill « Similarly, a‘Garou who decides
to travel on foot or by sled,.instead of in' a-car or a
snowmobile, can.add a point to her Drive skill.


MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait and
making a Mental test against a difficulty of five Traits,
the Wendigo may gain termporary Ability levels re-
lated to areas where he refused to rely om anything
other than traditional Garou ways. (See above.) Each
use of this Gift adds only one Ability level, and while
it can be used multiple times, no more than one level
ofa single Ability can be gained at a time. However,a
Garou may temporarily rise above -five levels in.an
Ability through use of this Gift: This Gift lasts ‘until
the duration of the task involved is complete or until
the end of the session, whichever comes first.

Mrcred !F00t

« Claw-to-Thumb (Level One) — So that the
gap of purpose and harmony between the Wendigo
and the Kinfolk that follow them may not widen
further over the years, all those lupus who come to
the Sacred Hoop camp can be taught to understand
the human mindsét:. Those who were raised with
humans and aré intimate with homid thought pro-
cesses can teach Garou how to accurately sensé
what a human desires, and can equate it to its lupine
equivalent, if there is one. A -dog-spirit teaches this
Gift, as she is able to feel the needs and languages of
both human -and wolf.

System: This Gift works as the Silver Fangs Gift:
Empathy, except that the Wendigo learns to better
observe and understand the wishes and emotions of
humans and Kinfolk,; not of other Garou.

* Firewater's Quench (Level Three) =~
Myeengun's Lodge. is a part of the Sacred Héop dedi-
cated to sharing the lore of wolves with the Wendigo
tribe and their human Kinfolk and allies: Many homids
and humains, out of poverty, misfortune, or boredom,
fall into-dangerous and destructive habits, habits that
wolves regard as Man's peculiar weakness -— huffing
gasoline, drinking too much liquor; becoming depen-
dent upon drugs that poison his body and mind.
Wolves rarely fall into these traps, and they have aided
many within their camp with their lupine ways, help-
ing them. to drive the desire for these vile substances
out of their blood -and their spirit..Myeengun,-an
ancestor-spirit who was born a human but became a
wolf, teaches this Gift to his followers:

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Stamina ‘+. Primal-Urge.. For each ‘success, no
deliberately-ingested intoxicant works on the charac-
ter for a single day.

MET: . Intermediate Gift: By spending a-Gnosis
Trait, the Wendigo becomes immune to-all deliber-
ately-ingested intoxicants for a number of days equal
to his Willpower rating.

Sl

Qe of fle Sacred lI eof:
Sack L008 of Chala

Level ‘Three

The Wyrmcomers' hunger for oil has destroyed
and desecrated many of Wendigo's lands, driving his
people from their homes, tearing apart the bones and
blood of Méther Gaia- lf a cunning Garou discovers
where an oil well has been sunk, or -if she -sees
surveying or drilling happening in her territory, she
may use this Gift to alert Gaia, and ask elementals of
the Earth to aid Her in redirecting the flow of the oil
elsewhere, blocking it, or stopping it altogether. The
ritermaster and participants hunt and kill a large
animal, usually a caribou or deer, and the riternaster
tears the heart fromthe animal: She intones blessings
upon Gaia and the sacred lands, while clenching the
heart in herclaws. She squeezes all the blood from the
organ onto the ground, offering it to be absorbed by
the Earth in. sacrifice.. Then the ritemaster and all
other able participants of the ritual cut themselves
and proffer their blood as well, giving their strength
im exchange for the great forces that must be put to
work beneath the surface of the Earth. Some Garou
have bled themselves to death during this ritual, inan
effort to offer the ultimate strength of their spirits, as
well as their blood, to preserve the lands of Gaia from
being despoiled.

System: The ritemaster rolls Charisma-+ Rituals
to determine the success of the ritual, at a difficulty of
7.1f she succeeds, she and every participant spend at
least one point of Gnosis, and one Health Level in
blood. ‘The'sum of the pooled Gnosis, in additiori to
the -Ritemaster's extra success dice,.measures how
thoroughly the oil has been held back.

Desired Result # of Successes
Drilling equipment damaged by strata shift...5

Oil volume becomes irregular 6
Oil volume slows to a trickle." 7 7
Oil stops completely, redrilling fails 8

Oil in surrounding acres disappears 9

Oil well spouts blood instead of oil 10

MET: Intermediate Rite: In additional to succeed-
ing on the standard activation test, the ritemasterand
any others participating must each-spend at least a
Gnosis Trait and a Health Level; more Csnosis Traits
can be spent if desired, -but each additional Gnosis
Trait requires a corresponding Health Level. Health
Levels sacrificed during this rite do not begin to regen-
erate until a full hour afterward; .at which time the
Garou. begins: healing "normally.-Storytellers should
basé the results of this rite'on the chart offered above,

ChAapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 73

NS


a

using the nutnber of Gnosis Traits spent in place of the
number of successes.
Any Bane, or any other dangerous spirits that belong
to the Weaver or the Wyrm, may draw néar the idlak's
place in the Penumbra without noticing it. If the vile
spirits pass too closely,-or cross the Gauntlet by Mate-
rializing, the Gaffling sends a warning by setting the
idlak in motion, both physically and spiritually. When
System: The player spends at least two points of
Gnosis when planting the idlak, and then rolls Gnosis
+ Perception..The number of successes the player
rolls,.or the number of additional Gnosis~ points
spent, determines any additional. Gnosis levels for
the Gaffling. The spirit senses any thinning or punc-

PU attiatts Teta: Sattels of fle Tbaté
it is triggered, it enables the Garou who planted it to
ture made im the Gauntlet,.or the approach of any

Level Four
"The Warpath have preserved this method ofhunt- y A
ing seals and put it to a unique use. The idlak,.a tool
used by arctic Kinfolk for many years, is created out of
a delicate feather tied to along thin sliver of wood or
bone. A hunter sticks this tool into a breathing hole in
the ice; when a seal swims to the hole and surfaces for
breath, it makes the idlak flutter and tremble. Simi-
latly, this rite allows a Wendigo to pierce the Gauntlet
witha fetish idlak, capturinga friendly spirit or Gaffling
inside its slender form. This sets an alarm that makes
it unnecessary for a Garou to-peek through to the
Umbra and thereby leave her Earthly back defenseless.
track the spirit's manifestation, or helps her to-cross
quickly into the Penumbra to follow the spirit's tracks
and to engage in battle with it.
Bane or hostile spirit nearby in the Penumbra, and
makes the idlak shake visibly in the Realm.-It also
calls mentally to the Garou who bound it into the
idlak, alerting her that danger is near.

MET: Intermediate Rite: Tn addition to the stan-+ -
dard tést to perform the rite, the ritemaster miust spend
at least two Gnosis Traits to plant the idlak. The idlak
Gaffling created then receives a number of additional
Gnosis Traits equal to the ritemaster's Gnosis, plus an
additional Trait foreach Gnosis Trait that is spent
during the rite. Any time the Gauntlet thins-or is
punctured, ora Bane or similar hostile spirit enters the
nearby Penumbra,.the idlak begins shaking visibly, i

and the Spirit Keeper should alert the Garou that
planted the idlak that danger is nearby.

Vill FEO

The Wendigo are, of course, unique among the
twelve tribes of the Garou Nation. There are many

LL A

ways in which they differ from their brethren, but thete
are certain characteristic mannerisms that-mark the
Wendigo for extraordinary Renown and admiration
from all werewolves, even from their enemies.

Glory: It is said that Wendigo are capable of the
coldest and most murderous Rages .on the face of
Gaia, and their kills are famous for their gory, blood-
soaked and gruesome qualities. Many an enemy and
Wyrmbringer find the macabre and mionstrous ways
in which-a Weéndigo dispatches their minions dis-
turbing, once their pawns. are delivered back to
them turned inside out, strangled with their own
tails, having gnawed off their own flesh to the bone,
or sliced precisely, reassermbled and frozen, only to
collapse-as they melt..The-ghastly and shocking
methods of slaughter created by .a cold-hearted and
furious' Wendigo are said to be unequaled. by any
other Garou.

Warlike Garou in tribes such. as the~Shadow
Lords,-the Get of Fenris, and the Black Furies are
more likely to award.a Wendigo Glory for a-uniquely
horrifying kill.

Honor: Many Garou admire the Wendigo's dedi-
cation to the destruction of the Wyrm, even if they do
not undertake such thorough cleansing measures them-
selves: Such single-minded purpose,-a noble devotion
that has survived so long,-deserves to be treated with
Honor — ever: if other tribes believe that it is a waste
of time ora mistake, with other foes closer to hand.

Stubborn and idealistic Garou in tribes such as the
Bone Gnawers, the Silent Striders, some Fianna, and
even the Glass Walkers honor-a Wendigo's whole-
hearted commitment to defeating the Wyrm:

Wisdom: Preserving the habitat and the blood-
lines of wolf Kin has always been a-priority among the
Wendigo; only in the lands belonging to Wendigo are
wolves still able to hunt, run wild and breed fréely,-out
of the reach of white man's "civilization." In compari-
son. to the proportion of wolves. living outside. of
Wendigo lands, other tribes' wolf Kin suffer severely,
rare and tiny packs forced to hide themselves out of
fear, constantly on' the move to' avoid .capture,-or
trapped like -prisoners within the bounds of "pre-
serves." Many other Garou, regardless of what they
otherwise think of their cold brethren, know that the
survival-of wolf Kin is heavily dependent upon the
Wendigo Tribe:

Tribes suchas the Red Talons, the Silver Fangs,
the Uktena, and the Children of Gaia quickly recog-
nize the Wisdom of a Wendigo who fights. to preserve
the freedom of wolf Kin.

Se see ers en rere cence PEN Ss ee

LM att SMELL

"A fetish provides strength drawn simply from the basis
of its true nature, given to it by Gaia..Any other power
imbued within a fetish or amulet, any talisman or charm;
is only built upon this foundation: Stone cannot feel pain.
Clay cushions and camouflages: Rabbit's paws help her
leap farther. Eel can find the trickiest escape. Even the trees
gift us with their own differences; the bough of a dogwood,
supple and strong, can fashion a bow,.and the bark.of a
cedar can protect against fire..Onily once you understand
the soul of a fetish can it link you to Gaia's power."

—-Ivalu Ghost Fingers, from the Stony Lédge
Caern

Fefiliesl
Negongang avd JPERGOPZALES
2 Shear wars he oy Putbieg
Level Five, Gnosis 8, Unique
Nogunqaaq's vicious point can thrust withdeadly
might through all Tellurian: planes —— the Under-

world, Earth, the Gauntlet, the Penumbra, the Near
Realms; the. Membrane, and the Deep .Umbra —

<Paavtng Fatt! Sit

A Garou mystic'can bind a spirit into the
hardened flesh of a scar itself, instead of into a
prepared object. The binding of aspirit within the
sear of a Garou takes additional effort, and as such
is°"even more -rare than the creation of a fetish
object.. The Rite of the Fetish must be completed
regardless, with the scarred flesh purified in the
same manner; cleansing it with earth, water,flame,
or wind..The spirit can-be bound more-easily,
however, if the scar is created through an action
the spirit understands and would be honored by. A
spirit of death, war, pain, or of a warlike ancestor
can be coerced into a battle scar; the scars from an
attacking bird's talons may serve to flatter and
convince the binding of a raven+ or falcon-spirit.
Just as with the' Rite of Binding, spirits.can be
bound temporarily to create a'talen instead of a
fetish; and if the Rite fails, the spirit:..may be
angered .and cause damage not only ‘to .the
ritemmaster, but to the scarred flesh as well.

The difficulty to' create a fetish scar is in-
creased by 2; to a-maximum-of 10, because a
Garou's spirit is so strong that few spirits can easily
coexist within his flesh.

Chapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 75

—eEeE————E— =a NS

4

wounding whatéver lies in its path, in anyplace,
reality or manifestation. Nogunqaaq's tip is made of
moon-drenched silver, its shaft a rippling pole of ice
with lightning trapped within. its .depths..Seeing
through the slitted wooden eyes of Itungungqaagq lets
you glimpse your foe's thoughts and movements as
they ripple through the planes. Nearly always; an
enemy's thoughts change before his flesh shifts; or
calls upon spirits who can be seen, warning the wearer
of Itungunqaaq of attack, defense or gambit before
matter is even set into motion.

Most well-informed Theurges and ritemasters
know that Nogunqaaq was last seen in 1896,-in the
hands of a wily Yukon: Ragabash by the name of
Hammerpants: In the midst of the Klondike Gold
Rush, Hammerpants won the spear in.a poker game:
from a Wyrmcomer in Dawson Ciry, by the nan
Joppe Humber. Hammerpants' local Wendig
in Moosehide were, naturally, dubious th

some ‘aepline: anda par
the Deep Umbra. After

intended to take-it w
ro the ritemasters th
else but himself Unf
an avalanche buried Ch
of snow, apparently swall
Nogungaag with him: Sin
only comes when. Nogunqaaq ¢
are effectively lost-for the time be

OA? Phpce SPF

Level Five; Gnosis 7

These fabled war-shirts are sewn of flex le hide or
seal intestine,.and decorated, armor-like, with intri-
cate breastplates.. These breastplates are threaded to-
gether with sinew; constructed with elaborate rows of
long tubular hairpipe beads, made of shells, bone,
reeds, and sometimes glass or other metals. The tailor
performs the Rite of the Fetish during the -shirt's
construction. Howling and singing prayers tothe spirit
of the wearer's choice, exhorting it with every dip of
the needle, the tailor convinces the spirit to enter into
the growing network of threads and beads. The Ghost
Dance Shirt generally has a symbol of the spirit incor-
porated into its pattern as an additional enticement,
and it is only declared finished when the spirit has been
successfully -bound. Once the wearer activates. the
shirt, the spirit protects her completely from any non-
magical, ranged projectile damage,.such as crossbow

76 Wendigo

OLE LA LT i rt 7 a

bolts, arrows, bullets; shrapnel, thrown rocks, or sling
pellets. Regular edged attacks-or bashing attacks in
close -combar still hurt the Wendigo normally. If a
Ghost .Dance Shirt is worn: outside of combat,.it
gradually saps the wearer's Wits, at a cost of one point
per day; the bound spirit becomes so eager to deflect
damage that it tries to put itself into harm's way to
make the situation possible. A character that reaches
Wits O in this fashion frenzies at the slightest inconve-
nience or provocation.

MET: A-Garou wearing an activated Ghost Dance
Shirt is coripletely immune to all non-magical, ranged
projecti _abeackKs, and receives a free retest against all
al attacks of that nature.Close combat attacks

aits at the rate of one per
s zero Willpower Traits;

re immune to the
2s those of Wendigo
‘Stories even say that non-Kin humans
who are members of Native Arnerican tribes are also
safe from the effects of its scream, despite their usual
vulnerability to the Delirium: Since Qallunaat has not
been found within the living memory ofany Wendigo,
the debate will likely last for quite a long time.

MET: Should Qallunaat be found and used again;
when activated and hurled it causes all non-Kinfolk
humans within three steps of its flight path to suffer the
Delirium from its piercing wail. Otherwise, it is treated
as anormal spear for purposes of Traits and damage;
likewise, it does not inspire-any particular reaction if
used in close combat.

Ve thle of Ireagovattaag CVia-G laf} Uae

Level Four; Gnosis 6, Unique
Lost'éven beyond thé remembrance of most an-
cestor spirits, this curved bone knife was a gift to

4


Chill-That-Waits from Luna herself, aiding Chill-
That-Waits in defeating the great ~-monster
Luumajuuq. The haft, tang and edge of the Ulu were
one; created froma single piece of silvery bone,
shaped to instantly and intimately fit the grip of its
wielder, ever sharp and completely -unbreakable.
Bound within the crescent-shaped blade, it is told,
was the righteous spirit of a Lune, dedicated to shed-
ding her purifying light into any corrupted darkness.
Some believe that the fetish knife contained, instead,
an immortalized war-spirit that fought for Luna with
extraordinary skill and fury.. Or, perhaps, the two
spirits were entwined together. Whatever power was
confined within this woman's knife, though; allowed
Arnaguatsaaq to fight the Ice-Breaker and the mon-
strous bird Aipaloovik with the strength of ten. The
Song of Chill-That-Waits says that when Luna is ready
to aid Wendigo in -a-battle of vital importance to
Garou, she will cause the Ulu to rise from its hiding
place, and allow it to fall into the hands of her chosen,
the mightiest female warrior worthy to. follow in
Chill-That-Waits' paw prints... Rumor has it that the
Ulu has. recently been found,. which most -elders
consider to be a bad omen for the immediate future.

Coma FSO"

Leével Four, Gnosis 6

A carefully fashioned bowl of ‘cédar wood, as
perfectly round as the full moon; cradles the spirit of
several bound water elementals. The rim of the bow! is
bound with a flat ribbon of copper, and the sigil that
binds the spirits is etched into the bottom of the bowl
and also filled with poured veins of copper. The bowl
itself is utterly indestructible and fireproof. When the
bow! is activated, by filling it with water and dragging
a wet fingernail or claw around the rim in a complete
circle,.it lets out a penetrating ringing chime that is
carried by the wind. The bound water elementals then
rise and cause all sources of fire within hearing of the
ringing or sight of the bowl to be completely extin-
guished. The holder of the bowl may spend additional
points of Gnosis to encourage a wind-spirit to carry the
sound further and further, making it possible to put out
fires from considerable distances away..Each point of
Gnosis expended doubles the original distance that
the sound carries; for example, the chime may ordi-
narily be heard 150 feet away on a still day, but can be
heard 600 feet away with the spending of 2 more points
of Gnosis.

MET: This fetish functions as described above,
save that its base range becomes fifteen steps during
Mind's Eye Theatre play.

Sone areca oe en NN is

Lendigo StS

Level Four; Gnosis Variable

Heating a prepared piece of buffalo hide until it
hardens .to the thickness of an.inch creates this
signature fetish. of a. Wendigo warrior.. The hide is
then stretched over a frame of whalebone or antler for
sturdiness, and decorated as the Wendigo sees ‘fit.
Usually buffalo shields are adorned with an assort-
ment of furs, scalps, and other relics of the warrior's
vanquished foes. A-shield may have several war-
spirits bound to -it,-and some shields can even be
home -to. the ancestor-spirits of the honorably de-
feated, who have chosen to aid the Garou who con-
quered them nobly in combat.

Any Wendigo Shield adds 1 point to its wielder's
Intimidation skill, and increases her soak by an
amount equal to half its Gnosis. War-spirits are
attracted to fearsomely decorated Wendigo Shields,
with successes on a Dexterity + Crafts roll increas-
ing the likelihood of attracting a powerful war spirit
into the shield. However, an excessively decorated
shield is cumbersome to wield,.and costs the Garou
who carries ita point of Dexterity. Treasured shields
are often used by Theurges in. divination rituals
before battle. These kinds of fetish shields can also
beset up outside a dwelling, opposite the door, in
otder to guard the warrior within from spirit attacks
to his blind side. There are even stories of shields
that, when unveiled, drive off the enemy without
even a-single blow being struck.

MET:. Wendigo shields are "treated as' normal
shields, with the following additional benefits: First,
the owner receives a free Intimidating Trait as wellasa
level of Intimidation when wielding the shield, even if
this takes them over their normal Trait limits. Second,
once per combat, with a loud war whoop, the shield
may completely absorb the damage from a single at-
tack, provided the total levels of damage do notexceed
halfthe shield's Gnosis. Any levels beyond that amount
are dealt directly to the wielder. Lastly, if the shield is
home to particularly fierce ancestor--or war-spirits
(Storyteller's discretion, based on the shield's con-
struction), the wearer may attempt to frighten off foes
the first time they catch sight of the shield up close, by
spending a.Gnosis Trait and making a-Social test
(retest Intimidation). Success means that the opponent
must immediately flee the W endigo's presence, though
they can defend themselves normally and even attack
other enemies they meet along the way. The Wendigo
may only use the shield to frighten off an opponent
once per combat,.and any foe that resists. the shield's
power is immune to this effect forever after.

CAapter TAvree: Guardians of the Pure Lands 77

— a AD LY <A ENN


Livyrtage sung

Lével Three, Gnosis-7

This fetish is made from the wing of a partridgé
bird, its feathers all completely unbroken and strarigely
white as'snow. The joint of the wing has a golden ring
fastened -chrough it,-and hangs from a-long. golden
chain: To activate the fetish, a werewolf must concen-
trate upon a memory that she wishes to remove from
her mind, and then swing the partridge wing around
herself counter-clockwise three times, letting the tips
of the feathers brush in a circle around her onthe
ground. Memories of another human or Garou can also
be swept away in a similar fashion, by dragging the
feathérs by the chain-in a-circle around them.. This
fetish is rarely used ory Garou and should never bé used
without permission, but has come-in very handy for
restoring Delirious humans to their calmer states.

MET: Most of the time this fetish's use is volun-
tary,.and therefore requires little adjudication, but
should it-be brought to use against an unwilling target,
the target may resist with a test of her Willpower
against the fetish's Gnosis.

Lge LOGIE

Level Two, Gnosis 5

Crafted from the leg-bone of an eagle or other
hunting bird, and usually decorated with porcupine
quills or bright dangling feathers, a war-whistle con»
tains abound war-spirit of ferocious bloodthirstiness.
Awatded by the Elders t6 a chosen battle-leader or
war chief before the fighting begins, this fetish only
awakens when its bearer blows it with icy Rage in his
heart. The shrill, piercing shriek of the whistle carries
over the battleground, summoning all the leader's
allies to the fight; it also-allows the user to immedi-
ately roll Charisma + Intimidation to intimidate all
foes onthe battlefield. The Wendigo using a War
Whistle may add 2. dice to his Intimidation dice pool
for this purpose.

MET: When activated, the Wendigo may tse this
fétish to make a Social test (retest Intimidation) against
his enemies; those defeated are two Traits down on all
tests against the Wendigo and his allies: This fetish
may Only be activated once per conflict, and multiple
whistles in use at once are not cumulative.

PULA ace

Lével One, Gnosis 5

This fetish created with wild rice can mystically
heighten fertility, increasing a female Garou's chances
to conceive and continue the Wendigo: bloodline.
Stalks of the rice can be gathered into asmall bundle,
braided together, and bound with a thread or leather

78 Wendigo

LPS FEE PS LT i EY a

thong soaked in her menstrual blood; or the ripened
kernels of rice can' be shaken free of the stalks and
gathered intoasmall pouch, tied around the werewolf's
neck with the same blood-soaked thread..Then. the
werewolf who wishes to conceive must bind a spirit of
one of her female ancestors, an earth spirit, or another
fertility spirit into the fetish. While it is activated, the
Garou should not remove it from her person, especially
not during sexual congress: The exact game effects are
left to the Storyteller's discretion as to what is ap-
propriate for her chronicle.

PUeviligo Pgger

Level One, Gnosis 6

Most Wendigo~-bladé fetishes are €arved from
walrus tusks or other bone, impervious to changes in
temperature, and frequently have aspirit bound within
them by performing the Rite of the Fetish upon its first
blooding.. Wendigo blades are practical,-razor-sharp,
and not usually elaborate; although their: hafts are
often wrapped with a decorative thong or woven quill-
pattern. The taste of fresh blood on a Wendigo dagger
generally serves to awaken the bound spirit inside.

TAEPL
Mic0r Safe

Gnosis 8

This talen is a miniature céramic vial with a Lune
spirit bound inside. When a traveling Wendigo needs
to provide shelter for one who cannotendure the harsh
elements of ice-and snow and wind, or if she needs to
rest while being pursued and cannot ‘stay awake -to
guard herself, she may build an iglu and then open this
vial within the iglu's crawlspace..The freed Lune fills
the ighu with warmth and the peaceful glow of moon-
light, visible from outside, while solidifying the thick-
ness of the iglu's walls to the hardness of diamonds.
The spirit then stands guard over whatever is ‘sheltered
inside the iglu, allowing no entry or exit without the
consent of the Wendigo that released it. When the sun
rises, the Lune returns to the Umbra and the iglu
resumes its natural state.

SOW CORGAL

Gnosis 6

Fashioned out of hide, bone or wood, these goggles
are practical equipment for any Garou or: Kinfolk
traveling long distances through the snow. With slits
carved or holes poked through the goggles, which are
tied behind the head with a thong or sinew, the glare
of sun over snow is diminished considerably, prevent-
ing snow-blindness and keeping one from becoming
lost or dazed-in a.featureless landscape. Usually,.a
Wendigo asks the aid of asharp-eyed animal spirit; a


spirit of snow or ice, or a spirit with the Tracking
Charm, and with its consent binds it into the goggles
for the duration of her journey. A character wearing
Snow Goggles cannot be blinded.

Jee_deror lea!
Gnosis 4
These arrowheads are made of translucent, needle-

sharp chips of ice, frozen tightly to their shafts. Spirits of

ice and water easily empower these fragile weapons,
which melt away after embedding themselves in the

body of their targets. To create these arrowheads, a

copper mold is made and water poured into it, or chips

are carefully carved and honed with other pieces of ice
used as tools. Only once the arrowheads are compl
sharpened should the spirits be bound to these £

Ice Arrowheads do an additional Health Leve

age against fire-spirits and those of Helios's

46 SPAOPK EL
Gnosis 3

Created from a flexible, hollow reed or bor :
this talen binds a willing air elemental spiri

tube into her mouth or muzzlé, the Wendi;
enough air through it to keep herself alive

SOPLUL ant lr

VLPPUL

"You don't choose a totem. Rernemb
never call you its disobedient Child. Your totem spiri

chosen you, as well as all those Garou destined to become

your packmates, and all of your ancéstors who have followed
the same spirit before you. You are chosen for a purpose, and
you should consider yourself lucky if you ever figure out why.
Who can explain the reasoning of a Bear, of a Raven, ofa
Raccoon? Only one of its kin. That's what a pack really is —
kin within kin. In-your pack, guided by your totem spirit, you
will find your focus, your cause for being, and figure out the
gift of yourself, to give back to Gaia and to Wendigo. Never
underestimate atotem spirit, especially one thatisn't yours."

— Ivalu Ghost Fingers, from the Stony Ledge
Caern

VAZ
Background Cost: 5

Traits: Mischievous, social and playful, Dolphin
learns quickly, cares deeply for her family, and brings

ee nee ers nee seen Ee es ee

joy to all who know her. Children of Dolphin are
particularly resistant to the debilitating pull of depres-
sion, by adding two points to their Willpower pool
against falling into Harano. Dolphin can also influ-
ence other Garou, Kinfolk, and spirits with her cheer-
fulness and determination, by subtracting three points
from any difficulty roll involving Charisma + Empathy
(as the Children of Gaia gift Spirit Friend).

Ban: Dolphin only asks that her children do their
best to nurture, teachand protect young pups or babies.
Frequently the most dedicated Mentors have Dolphin
as their totem.

MET: Dolphin's children receive a free retest on

all challenges to resist falling into Harano, as wellasa
free Empathetic Trait.

Background Cost: 4
Traits: Moose's antlers are his weapons, growing
larger during the cold of winter. Moose does battle with
the clashing. Of his antlers, conquering and sometimes

confrontation is over a question of mating or desire.
Ban: Moose isa headstrong, heedless creature -

ined course of action.
Loose receive two free levels of
my Trait when engaged in a
ith another over a matter of

Background Cost: 4

Traits: Caribou provides for both man and wolf, in
the bounty of her flesh, the ‘strength of her sinew, the
warmth of her fur and the soundness of her bones. Not a
piece of Caribou should ever be wasted, the entirety ofher
body sacrificed to continuing the life of Gaia's creatures.
Caribou can give a +2 to Survival rolls, aiding a pack or
a Garou in finding shelter, food, tracks, or safety.

Ban: Caribou requires that her children must
never harm a baby human or animal, a defenseless
child, or a pregnant creature.

MET: Caribou's followers receive a free retest on
all Survival tests, provided they carry some small piece
of Caribou with them.

Chapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 79

— Ee SS EY A LTE IN


SFEGEO

Background Cost: 4

Traits: Sturgeon-has an uncommonly long life
span,-sometimes lasting*nearly 100 years. Because of
this longevity, Sturgeon can often help a werewolf in
contacting ancestor-spirits, using the strength of his
memory to bridge the Umbral distance between living
and dead..Sturgeon can subtract 2 from.the difficulty
of using the Ancestors Background, and may .also
subtract 1 point from the difficulty of learning any
similar rite or Gift from an ancestor-spirit, whether
that ancestor's totem is Sturgeon or not. Sturgeon may
be able to answer very old questions, but they are
seldom spéedy with their responses..Don't-rush a
Sturgeon, or you will get nothing at all.

Ban: Sturgeon is extremely sensitive to anything
that taints Gaia, bécause he carries the effects of toxins
with him throughout his long life. Children of Stur-
geon are exhaustively dedicated .to -considering .all
possible options and priorities in the interest of main-
taining purity, something other Wendigo find infuri-
ating. Followers of Sturgeon that have the Ancestors
Background sometimes find themselves unexpectedly
visited by other Sturgeon ancestors, most.of whom
who feel the need to add their own opinions to the
weighing of any decision.

MET: Sturgeon grants followers a frée retest on all
tests related to dealing with ancestor spirits in a posi-
tive way, including the Ancestors Background.

uttleF

Background Cost: 3

Traits: Rabbit changes her fur to blend into her
surroundings; a- brown or dun-colored pelt lets her
merge into the landscape of leaves, dirt, or twigs, her
coat paling to white when winter brings snow. A pack
member may call upon the Gift of Camouflage, and in
addition, members of the pack increase their Alertness
by 1.

Ban: Rabbit also chooses to run, more often than
hot: Each pack member must spend a point of Will-
power .to avoid turning and. fleeing any surprise or
sudden confrontation that she is not expecting. LUn-
like the effects of Fox frenzy, the fleeing child of Rabbit
does not attack to clear her path, but simply tries to
escape.

MET: Rabbit gives her children the Gift: Camou-
flage, as well as a free Alert Trait. However, they must
spend a Willpower Trait to avoid fleeing if Surprised or
otherwise confronted with -a sudden. confrontation
they were not expecting. - ;

80 Wendigo

OLE LL ET YT LT A

Howe

Background Cost: 3

Traits: Goose is~a seasoned traveler, her strong
pinions making it possible for her to cover great distances
more swiftly and easily; moon bridges between caerns are
often opened with Goose's aid; a ritemaster with Goose
as her totem may lessen the difficulty level of establishing
armoon bridge by 1.Goose can.increase the.distance a
Lupus-form Garou can travel, by adding 1-die to the
Stamina+ Athleticsroll the long-running werewolf must
make, at difficulty 4, foreach hour of travel.

Ban: Goose tends to be rather noisy, chatty and
social in conversation with her kin. More than one
child of Goose together necessitates a-1 penalty to all
Stealth rolls..Goose totems are, obviously, rather rare
and probably embarrassing among the Wendigo.

MET: Goose grants followers a free retest on all
Athletics tests related to traveling long distances, pro-
vided they are in Lupus form at the time, and also puts
ritemasters two Traits up on-all attempts to establisha
moon bridge: However, when more than one follower
of Goose is present, each follower suffers a one-Trait
penalty to all Stealth tests due to their incessant need
for chatter.

Pb

Background Cost: 3

Traits: Porcupine carriés her defenses' with her,
quills bristling to sink under the skin of any who are
foolish enough to attack her..She-is penerally mild-
mannered and sometimes overly blasé, but her spiky
quills go-a long way towards frightening off any casual
foe. When attacked, she lowers her head stubbornly
and lashes out with her tail, sending hooked barbs to
embed themselves déeply into her opponent's flesh.
Each member of a Porcupine pack gains one dot of
Intimidation and Melee.

* Ban: Children of.Porcupine tend to find romantic
situations difficult, but other than that, they have few
limitations.

MET: Porcupine packs receive a freé level of
Intimidation and Melee.

Seater

Background Cost: 2

Traits: Beaver is the architect of Gaia, sifted with
innate knowledge of the spirits of water and wood. He
knows how to create a balance, building a haven for all
creatures with his. dams-and their purifying floods,
while his house shelters: himself and his children.
Beaver adds a .die-to all Craft skill rolls;-and an
additional die to Science knowledge pools.


Ban: Beavers unfortunately find practical jokes
uncommonly amusing. Followers of Beaver find it hard
to pass up the chance to play a joke on someone, and
at the Storyteller's discretion must spend Willpower if
they think of a particularly hilarious joke rhat they feel
they shouldn't perform.

MET: Beaver's able children receive a free level of
the Crafts Ability (often woodworking, but not al-
ways), and are two Traits up on-all tests involving the
Science Ability as well.

powerful, thick
here flam.

upon his great

rialize, Tracking
wdIiarire

The giant and capricious ‘spirit of the Aurora
shows herself only -in the coldest of skies, proudly
displaying her glory in showers of brilliant color. In the
silence of the arctic night, the Aurora can be héard to
whisper and howl to Wendigo's children, sometimes
chiding them, sometimes teasing, and sometimes in-
viting them to join in a Moon Dance with her. Brave
Garou who whistle back to the Aurora can flatter and
entice her to: come closer,.and then encourage her to
relay messages to other living spirits or creatures within
the Umbra. Tales also say that disobedient werewolves
that anger the Auroraare beheaded, and that when she
dances, she-is playing games with the other spirits,
using ari unfortunate Garou's head as the ball.

Willpower 4, Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Essence 22

Charms: Peek, Create Wind, Control Electrical
Systems, Materialize

Eackgciiall

Wendigo may not purchase a the Contacts or
Resources Backgrounds -— it is unlikely a beginning
character knows anyone in ordinary human society, or
at least,-anyone that would be. of use to them in
accomplishing a goal. Similarly, new Wendigohaveto
earn their way into personal wealth or worldly posses-
sions, if they are foolish enough to desire it. A Wendigo
generally.does not. welcome any interference from
outsiders, or charity. Nor would she be easily con-
vinced that money, toys, ot belongings could give her
freedom and not fear becoming mired in the polluted,
greedy, corrupt white man's world. Most Wendigo
would rather use the Background powers they already
have, the only things that remain pure to them and
that have rémained within control of the tribe, to help
them in situations where Contacts or Resources might
ordinarily be used.

Nites ar Xtpsfipse
A Wendigo's Allies are likely to be her Kinfolk, or

at least human. friends-and members of her Native
American tribe. A Wendigo active in Native politics
or the preservation of Native culture should be able to
find allies easily among Kinfolk and Natives, anda
Wendigo living in.aremote area should also be able to
make contact with wolves and lupus Garou. One of
these allies may be able to provide Contacts or Re-
sources that the Wendigo would not be able to use on
her own.

aD BPLLSOPL

Ani ancestor-spirit is usually willing to aid a
Wendigo in sharing information, learning and knowl-
edge..A Galliard or Theurge ancestor often especially
dedicates herself, even after death, to guarding the lore
and lives of her endangered people, and will do any-
thing in her power to ensuré this tradition continues.
A gift of knowledge can be just as valuable as money,
and is much more easily traded. Also, ancestor-spirits
are generally more open-minded to a Wendigo's re-
quest for obscure or valuable knowledge than a human
Contact would be, because of the ties of kinship and
blood..For more. practical, day-to-day information,
however, consulting a human ally is naturally more
sensible.

Mien for

Just as an ancestor-spirit seeks to perpetuate the
Wendigo bloodline, a Mentor devotes herself in life to
sharing the heritage she already has gained. Becoming
a Mentor and choosing a student Adren .is a serious
statement, signifying that the Mentor is a-powerful

Chapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 81

— ——— SY A LG


enough elder Garou to begin passing on vital knowl-
edge, and that the young Garou is ready and capable of
learning and carrying on the traditions. Because these
traditions are so important to the Wendigo's contin-
ued survival, sometimes the birth of a Mentor-Adren
relationship is celebrated officially by the entire sept.
Only in the passing on of the Litany and their ways can
the Wendigo sustain and persevere in their purity.

re Fee

The Wendigo purity is a closely-guarded treasure,
any pollution fought off with claw and fang. A Wendigo
victorious in battle is-considered a triumph for all
Wendigo,and will be encouraged to breed and share
her bloodline and her deeds for the sake of her Kin..A
Pure-Bred Wendigo becomes an-even brighter tri-
umph for the entire tribe's survival, and as such is even
more revered by pack and sept alike than she would be
in the rest of Garou society..The rarest of the rare,.a
Wendigo Pure-Breed will never forget who she is, and
what she must become:

The Pure-Bred Wendigo usually has obvious physi-
cal attributes that proclaim her as stich, no matter her
form. Most often she will have eyes of an unusual
piercing blue-violet that can. be-seen to glow in the
darkness, especially when she is enraged. Orhers have
pure white hair or fur, without stain or streak, which
cannot be dyed and somehow never stays dirty for long.
Some even have claws or fingernails of an extraordi-
nary silver color that appears almost icy. When shift-
ing from one form to another, the distinctive, proud
carriage and angular facial features of a Pure-Bred
Wendigo remain peculiarly consistent; she is immedi-
ately recognizable as herself, no matter what form she
takes: In.Crinos form, however, at the height of her
Rage, a Pure-Breed's entire body glows with a faint,
ultraviolet aura, much like that of the Avatar of Great
Wendigo.

z
Meret cred FT fats
Mier
Careciiiage (2 potas ertZ)

You're Garou, all right, bur-something about you
makes it hard for anyone totell what tribe youbelong to,
or even what auspice you were born under. You are still
bound to the traditions and rules of your moon phase
and your kin, but you're damned good at blending in
with any gathering in Garou society. If you're presented
with a situation where it would be in your best interest,
or the best interest of someone close to you, to pretend
to another tribe or auspice, you can. add-one die to your
Charisma attribute or to your Etiquette skill.

82 Wenrdigo

LE ST EST LE

MET: You receive a free retest on all Social tests
involving pretending to be another tribe or auspice.

Zn
Dwea Queer (3 point F fav)

You just can't resist drawing attention to yourself.
No-mattér what, something always has to-be going
wrong —~ preferably something that is someone else's
fault, and especially a problem that youjust can't seem
to solve, no matter what..The more people that know
about you and your problems, the better... You're never
satisfied if everything's going smoothly, and you're not
above making up things that aren't exactly true to get
people on your side. Anyone who clues in.to your
habits is just being unfair and cruel, especially since
you already have so many other things to worry about.
Whenever the focus of events isn't on -you, or has
departed from a-matter you're involved in, you lose a
point of Willpower. If a scene involves a different
character (especially one you dislike) earning Renown
or successfully rolling Leadership or Performance, you
must make a roll to keep from frenzying.

The Fittf FOCLE

We have consorted with native tribes throughout
North-America. Here is a sampling of the traditional
lives of some of our Kin:

Nata
Inuit, Aleut, and Athapaskan
They hunted polar bear, caribou, walrus, seal,
musk ox,and.whales..They also fished for salmon,
cod, and Arctic char. Their tools and adornments
were made from bone and skins, gifts of the animals
they hunted. Naughry Inuit children were warned to
beware or the spirit of the dreaded man-eating mon-
ster, Bakbakwalanooksiwae ("cannibal at the north
end of the world") would come for them; and some-
times we did. : Po ant

Of Nox Plt ALF COR

lfupiag, Yup'ik Inuit,-Alutiq (Aleuts), Haida,
Tlingit, Gwich'in Tsimshian, and Chinook.

The people along the Northwest Coast were
some of the greatest artists among the First People.
Like most natives, copper was the only metal known
to them in pre-contact times. They made beautiful,
useful objects -including masks, feasting utensils,
houses and. canoes out of the cedar woods of their
homeland.-They wove colorful.cloth and. carved
totem poles to celebrate their ancestors and spirit
allies. Their handicrafts and genérous ways impressed
Drake when he. landed briefly in the mid-1500s..It
was along the Northwest Coast that the potlatch was


practiced, showing the tribes' emphasis not on Own-
ership but rather generosity as a measure of status.
They subsisted on fish, shellfish and sea mammals.

Canada

Inuit, Tsimshian, Tlingit, Eyak, Kwakiuatl,
Nootka, and Haida.

Unlike those who lived in the plains, the Inuit
people had no chiefs. Instead, the camp leader was the
oldest, most experience hunter in the group..In addi-
tion to the camp leader, there was the shaman who was
the wise man and healer for the camp. The people were
lead by these two-as they moved with the seasons and
with the prey.-Camps were usually made up of ex-
tended families and each had traditional summer and
winter hunting grounds..Yes, hunting parties would
shelter in an iglu, or snow house, and they held winter
celebrations in gaggiq (a giant snow house), but they
did not have 100 or 1000 words for "snow" (aput). Only
ignorant Wyrmbringers call the people of the-Arctic
"Eskimo," or believe such lies. The generation that can
remember the true: Inuit way of life are now old
grandfathers and grandmothers, but they are treasures.
Imagine how old those of the plains would have to be
to remémber living in their traditional ways.

erceri/ tig

Kitaamiut, Tunumiut and the Inughuit (or Polar
Inuit).

Unlike the rést of our lands, those in Greenland
met the Wyrmbringers long ago: They had extensive
contact with the Vikings who came and colonized
until the Middle Ages when. the .First .People of
Greenland finally saw the last of the North Men.
Also, unlike the Pure Lands, Greenland has few
exploitable resources, allowing it to be spared from
the worst of the Wyrmbringer invasions. By the 20th
Century they would have some of the only pollution-
free land, water and air left om the planet. Though
Greenland is a possession~of the. Danish: crown,
Greenland came under "home rule" in 1979. It-is.a
government and parliamentary representation made
up of native peoples, not unlike the Canadian. terri-
tory of Nunavut created in. 1999.

Seria

Chikchi, Saami, Inuit, Yakut and Nenets.

These fishermen and hunters lived‘in clans with
hereditary leaders... Their neighbors to the south were
horse riders and herders. Some of the Siberian First
People learned to herd reindeer around the time of the
Middle Ages. This change caused them to adjust their
ways, becoming nomads who lived in reindeer skin
tents-and moved: from northern tundra pastures in

SS a

summer' to the more protected sub-Arctic: taiga-in
winter while following their herds. Further adjustment
to their ways came when they encountéred and began
to trade with English whalers and Russian hunters.

In away, those in Siberia have been more pro-
tected from the "modern world" than other Arctic
peoples, but this also means that they have had to cope
with the onslaught of W/ymbringer culture condensed
down into the last hundred years and brought to them
on the iron tracks of the Trans-Siberian railroad.

S fie Creat Frias of Nore Apsertcd

Comanche, Ute, Blackfoot, Cheyenne, Cree,
Schitsu'umsh (Coeur -d'Alene), Arapaho, Sioux
(Dakota, Lakota, Oglala), Omaha, Ojibwe
(Chippewa), and Kiowa.

They hunted buffalo; deer, bear and sinmall mam-
mals..They also planted crops such as corn, beans,
melons and squash in rich soil that the W/yrmbringers
would eventually take for themselves. Wyrmbringers
have a hard time remembering that these nations
thrived for a long time before the introduction .of
horses or glass beads. It is these people who have been
the faceless, war-like Indians in Wyrmbringer "west-
erns" for a hundred years, wearing crude war paint
and whooping -from horseback. while. brandishing
rifles.-Had they historically ever possessed so many
weapons, perhaps they would have not been driven
from the prairies.

The Wyrmbringers also forget that many of these
nations were true political entities, with great rivalries,
wars and treaties of their own.-Much. later, these
nations were the birthplace of some of the greatest
warriors in the fight for the Pure Lands.

Nate Norttcris Jil

This ‘is by no means an exhaustive list, but the
tribes found in these geographical areas, where there
are frequently harsh winters. (or at least cold and
snow), may serve as character backgrounds or pro-
vide a guide for research into Wendigo packs, ritu-
als, and history.

Great Plains

Arapaho, Assiniboine, Blackfoot (Siksika), Blood
(Alberta Blackfoot/Kainai), Carrier (Wet'suwet'en),
Cheyenne, Comanche (Numunuu), Cree; Crow, Gros
Ventre Montana (Atsina/Ah-ah-nee-nin), Gros Ven-
tre Dakota (Hidatsa), Mandan; Omaha, Paiute, Piegan
(Montana: Blackfoor),. Plains "Apache,:Plains Cree,
Plains Ojibwe, Quapaw, Sarcee/Sarsi, Dakota (Santee),
Lakota' (Teton), Schitsuw'umsh (Coeur .d'Alene),
Yankton (Nakota), Sutai, Ute

Chapter TAree: Guardians of the Pure Lands 83

————————— CNT


Great Lakes

Algonquin, Ojibwe (Chippewa), Great Lakes
Sioux; Huron. (Wendat), Illinois, Kickapoo, Kiowa;
Menominee, Miami, Ottawa, Potawatomi, Sauk Fox
(Mesquaki), Winnebago

Subarctic/Northwest

Coastal Aleut (Alutiiq), Babine; Bear Lake, Bea-
ver (Dunne-za), Bella Bella (Heiltsuk),; Bella Coola
(Nuxalk), Beothuk, Carrier, -Chilcotin,.Chinook,
Chipewyan, Cree, Misstassini Cree, Swampy Cree,
Tete De: Boule Cree, Westernwood Cree, Dogrib,
Eyak, Haida, Han, Hare, Ingalik (Deg Het'an), Inupiat,
Inuvialuit. (Western. Canada), Kaska; Koyukon,
Kutchin ~ (Gwich'in/Tshimshian/Loucheaux),
Kwakiutl, Metis, Montagnais (Innu), Mountain,
Naskapi Innu), Nuu-chah-nulth, Sekani,; Skokomish,
Slavey, Swinomish, Tagish, Tahltan,..Tanaina
(Dena'ina), Tanana,..Tlingit,. Tsetsaut, Tsimshian,
Tutchone; Upper -Koyukon, Upper. Tanana,
Yellowknife; Yup'ik

Arctic/Inuit

Aleutian Islanders (LInangax), Aivilirmiut, Baffin
Island, Caribou,. Chukchi, Chugachigmiut, Copper,
East Greenlanders (Ammassalik),-Inughuit (Polar) ,
Itivimiut,~Kaialigamiut, Kaniagmiut,.Kigiktagmiut,
Kitaamiut,.Kinugmiut, Kogmiut, Kuskokwag;
MacKenzie, Magemiut, Malemiut (Malamute), Nenets,
Netsilik, Noatagmiult Kopagmiut,. Nunatagmiut,
Nushagamiut,; Ogulmiut, Point Barrow, Polar (Thule),

Saami, .Sukininmiut,.Tahagmiut, Togagamiut,
Tunumiut,...Tunrit .(vanished),; Yakut, West
Greenlanders

Navtg CORELLON

ARP ADLLERM ACE

A Pure-Bred Garou descended from :a°*notable or
noble ancestor,.whether the ancestor be human-or
Garou, is often named .in a° manner to honor this
ancestor. Most Garou are likely to introduce them-
selves formally by listing their own personal deeds and
duels after the giving of their name. A..Wendigo's
name may be a literal combination, .or other deriva-
tion, of the namés of several members of her family or
tribe, even if she is not' Pure-Bred..She- can even be
given a name that refers to a particular ancestor's most
famous deeds or lasting wishes, using evocative words
or images. These pedigreed names often have a sense
of humor or other emotion in them,-and-can. be
unexpectedly poetic. Although Wendigo with this
sott of elaborate name provide a short version for the

84

Wendigo

LE Le A ET ——— a A

sake of convenience, they are proud of their fullnames,
and use them in their entirety for rituals or any situa-
tion of importance. A. Pure-Bred Wendigo is almost
certain to have one of these pedigreed names.

Some ‘examples of pedigree Garou-names:

The metis Coals-Well-Tended-In-Winter, daugh-
ter Of Pure-Vein-Of-Rubies and Bear-Sleeps-In-Winter

Butterfly-Lands-On-Tail, son of Silver-Tail-Held-
High and the Kinfolk Cara Fragile-Wings

Diane Whirlwind-of-Claws, daughter of Kinfolk
Denis Ta-he Browning and Una Crazy Jump Gosheven,
granddaughter of He-lush-ka; Ruiner of Lies

Ivalu Ghost Fingers, daughter of Neenagay Ghost
Hatchet and Kinfolk Albert Parient Bison, descen-
dant of The White Bison Waits To Return To His
People

Star-Eye Never Shivers, son of Hannah BlackJacket,
daughter of Frederick Asayiq Hide-Thicker-Than-lce
and descendant of Arnaguatsaaq Chill-That-Waits

Nate Tnrervenyts Naar

Other Wendigo names are chosen from more
mundane sources, such as elements of Gaia's nature,
totem animals,.or symbolic words taken: from human
Native American legends and languages. In many of
these tribes, the Garou tradition survives in that a
person may have acommon name by which he is called
when among strangers, an additional name that his
pack may know,.and sometimes even a personal and
private name -that only those closest to her may use.
Additional-names can also -be earned from. battle
deeds; completion of rituals,.or other important events
-=+in this, the Garou tradition is clearly mirrored by
some human Indigenous traditions.

A. Tréasury of American Indian Herbs: Their Loré
and Their Use For Food, Drugs and Medicine, Virginia
Scully Bonanza Books, New York (Crown Publishers),
1970, Library of Congress Catalog Number: 75-108063

Indians of North America: Native American Religion;
Nancy Bonvillain; Frank W'.. Porter II], General Edi-
tor, Chelsea House Publishers, New York,.Philadel-
phia, 1996, ISBN 0-7910-2652-3

The Mythology of Native: North America, David
Leeming and Jake Page, University of Oklahoma Press,
Norman, OK, 1998, ISBN 0-8061-3012-1

Illustrated Myths of Native America: The Northeast,
Southeast, Great Lakes, and Great Plains; Tim McNeese,
Blandford/Cassell, London/Sterling Publishing, New
York, 1998, ISBN 0-7137-2666-0

I Have Spoken: American History Through the Voices
of the Indians, Compiled by Virginia Irving Armstrong,


Sage Books, Swallow Press, Chicago, 1971, ISBN O-
8040-0530-3

Book of the Eskimos, Peter Freuchen, The World
Publishing Co., Cleveland and New York, Library of
Congress Catalog Number: 61-5815, 1961

Native Americain the Twentiéth Century: An Ency-
clopedia, Mary B. Davis, New York, Garland Publish-
ing, 1996

Native Peoples and Cultures: of Canada,.Second
Edition, Alan D. McMillan, Vancouver, Douglas and
McIntyre, 1988

My Old People Say.An Ethnographic Survey of
Southern Yukon Territory, 2 parts, National Museum of
Man-Publications: in Ethnology, Nos. 6(1) and 6(2),
National Museums of Canada, Ottawa; 1975.

Chapter Three: Guardians of the Pure Lands 85

SE Ae TY <A EN



What treaty that the white man ever made with us has
he kept? Not one. When I was a boy the Sioux owned the
world; the sun rose-and set on their land; they sent teri
thousand men to battle: Where are the warriors today?
Who slew them? Where are our lands? Who owns them?

«—- Tatanka Yotanka (Sitting Bull) of the Sioux

The following Wendigo characters carn be used as
they are by players who want to run starting Garou
characters; they can also be used as starting points for
your own. ideas, or by a storyteller who needs a quick
Wendigo foil .or adversary for his chronicle. The
roleplaying notes and prelude are provided asa spring-
board for your own imagination——~ keep what works for
your chronicle; and modify or discard anything that
doesn't seem appropriate:

Mote than many tribes, Wendigo congregate in
single-tribe packs... The -tribe's elders keep. young
Wendigo insulated "from. other Garou, having lost
status and control to the Wyrmcomers repeatedly over
the years. Many of those Wendigo that.can be found in
multitribal packs-congrégate with Garou of similar
outlook and attitude —— and, often, indigenous or
lupine descent..Uktena, Children of Gaia, and Red
‘Talons are frequently among those with whom Wendigo

form packs. More rebellious young Wendigo are prone
to form packs with whichever sympathetic Garou will
have them —— they aren't married to the tribe's prin-
ciples of purity by any means. Some of those go on to
join the Sacred Hoop camp.

The five sariple Wendigo provided here might bé ~

used as a-pack,.the Winter's Teeth: pack. Winter's
Teeth is devoted to Great Wendigo himself — though
with only two points in the Totem Background among
them, they do not have a powerful avatar of Great
Wendigo as their pack totem (as Wendigo costs seven
as a pack totem). In this case the Storyteller might
provide the characters with an extremely limited ver-
sion of the abilities granted by the Wendigo totem, or
hang other limitations on the pack's totem until the
pack gains sufficient experience to raise their Totem
Backgrounds and unleash Wendigo's might.

CAapter Four: Winter's Teeth 87

— NS

ST Pileal LAPCYEr

Quote: Your Honor, | believe if you look at the Spotted Crow
Treaty of 1748, you'll see that the Six Nations Confederacy has a
clear clairn upon lands now being considered for the Happy Pines
retirement home project.

Prelude: Amongst your mother's péople, you were Indian,
which you understood to be a shameful thing. Certainly, you
never quite felt at home amongst the blonde children who were
your playmates. Not one of their dolls or the people on their TV
programs looked like you. Your father was a barely remembered
presence, long gone before you were able to ask him about his
shiny black hair or the strange bedtime stories he told. He died
in an accident up north according to your mother. He ran off or
drank himself to death, according to your neighbors.

As you grew older, you began to investigate what being
Indian might actually mean. Not satisfied with the: staid
descriptions from encyclopedias, you made the local library
special order books dedicated to the true accounts of the lies
and mistreatment suffered by your ancestors. As you learned
more, you began.to seek out: more information. from .the
reservation whose residents were your people far more than
those you had grown up thinking of as family.

The disinterested welcome you-received amongst rhe
First People did not keep you from seeing their plight. Their
rights. were regularly denied and what little they had was
always imperiled by corruption both from within and without
the tribal government's protectorate..Many times you felt fire
in your heart as you learned of a new injustice; but rather than
taking up arms, you saw a different path to battle and an arena
far closer to the European majority's heart of power. You went
to -community college and then, thanks to an Indigenous
Peoples scholarship fund, to law school.

Your First Change came in the middle of your preparation
for the bar exam. Those that found you laughed at the shredded
paper and slaughtered highlighters, saying only a New Moon
would lose herself to Rage over a pile of books.

In a tribe that so thoroughly denounces téchnology and
Western culture as the Wendigo do, your upbringing and
European education did not win you any popularity contests.
Most of your new tribe weren't glad to see you. They called you
"city dog" in a language they assumed you didn't speak. They
called you worse, too, bringing into question your loyalties not
only for your mixed blood, but for your insistence on heading
right back to school to take the bar exam. Despite the insults,
discovering the truth of your Garou heritage and history has
only strengthenéd your resolve. Leatning the plight of Gaia
has brought a sense of urgency to your need to see justice for so
many historical wrongs. Now you wield your sharp mind and
tongue in battle far more frequently than you wield sharp tooth
orclaw. To your mind, this does not make you less of a warrior,
just a different sort. When other Wendigo question your
loyalties or your ways, it is easy enough to show them a
thousand examples of times when, in the past, had there been
someone like you to fight the W/yrmbringers with their own
words, battles may have gone very differently indeed.

Concept: Your wicked trickster mind loves untangling
the legal particularities of tribal law, and you take pleasure in

88 Wendigo
a) Gee eae.

Az

co

EMUCDIGO" ~~

Breed: Hamid Pack Name:

Avuspice: Ragabash

Narne:
layer:

B Pack Totem: a
Chronicle: pt Concept: Tribal Lawyer
TE
Pigeon ineiaf" ian tel"
Strength, @BBOOO Charisma. POSOO Pereeption____ A OO
Dexreric @eoog ipalari POSeo Intelligence BOO
Stamina, SEO Appearance, Peano Ws OOD
ae
Paoase AME Knon sonia
Alertness OOO Animal Ken, soe RII OD Compurer___ OOO

N
|
‘

‘
‘

Athletics, MOTDOD Crafts,

ccaeaeeaneneemaaaa ere IEP Enigmas,
Bewl e OOO Ps

Etiquetee
Firearms,

e.
Empathy. Linguist

Intimidation,
Primal-Unrge. BOOGo
Streenwise,

Subterfuge

Polizics.
ieuals, 20000
@Q000

i
Science,

Backpwosnde

Aerts jertt
Allies 0 @aco
2

di
Persuasion

iam ee us
Call the Breeze

Rites
Teterm.

att elites
Teirincaite ~ Bige
Glory Bruiseo
soo oo soa *ecoooeo eo Hure
onooDooOoOonoO PoeVa0ogndoo Injured
Honor ; Wound:
eco oo oo OOO ant
mpaIgogogMaoog
Wisdom ae eee ee oe ae ee ae ae oe Incape
eoooo7 09 9° "ie Tie
a BAGO OD eeeseoo000 wHrecor S
2 aaa ogom- ~ oo
i et =
~ .
ae .
trouncing the

Wyrmbringers at their own court-
room.games. The more abuse
you take. for being raised in
Wyrmbringer sociery, the more
you- want to prove yourself an in-
valuable asset to your people.
Roleplaying Notes: Most-of your
learning comes from books. You're not
the stereotypical suburbanite who's afraid
to get dirt under her nails, but you're also
not an experienced outdoorsman; either.
Most everything you do outside of the city
is a learning experience..Pay close atten-
tion to how things are done and occasion-
ally ask questions if something doesn't
make sense. You want to do things right.
Never fail to speak up when you see a
conflict that could be resolved through
legal action rather than outright vio-
lence. Never fail to: make note of a
violation. of laws protecting tribal rights, as
you may be able ro use it in courtat a later date.
And never expect other Wendigo to approve
of your use of Wyrmbringer technology and
culture, but don't apologize for what you know.
Equipment:- The ACLU Tribal Rights
Handbook, Cheyenne Nation passport, note-
book, backpack, good suit.


A aria

Quote: I'll get you the information you neéd. Uh, go away now.

= When Dico =

Come back tomorrow..And bring me some more Vicodin. Phe pana Lupus oe peek amet &
Prelude: Like most lupus Garou, you came to realize you were Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Librarian
different near puberty. The runt ofa litter of six, you had always been 4 eee ca atte sD A ptt by Sst
quiet, bright but submissive, and never had to be nudged out from Strength. andl e000: Charisma, PO eco Perception iad wooed
underfoot. It was always easy to creep around the edges of things, to Qoxreriey seeoo |. Manipulation, soeeo yrcilizence eeeeo
not be noticed, to smell and learn. Your packmates never saw the cameraman samme smut ae at" Lae fees p
patterns dancing over the snow, the mysterious gaps between branches, Alecmnesn Orr s@oo00 ~ Compucee OG4
the scents and sounds that made you feel ill and even more isolated. Achletics, 20000... Bsigmns ——_
You never truly felt part of your pack again, once you realized Deder - Law, -
how deeply different you were. Your father tolerated your disap- pression,
pearances patiently, the only hint he gave thar you were not of the Primaltiege DOGCG ro
same breed as your brothers and sisters. Once you began to explore See. we O00 | Seah seene
your powers, your hunger for answers overcame you, and you spent vO eda Poteap
more and more time in quiet and dark solitude, letting your nose Allies Bakgrown te tee Echo" concentiakion
and your mind take. you traveling through the other. worlds. Ancestors e000 * Natural Channel
Sometimes you would journey so long that you would wake with Menter——-—_—so000 Sense Wyrm. fore pmetormationPaintsd
crushing headaches, your paws trembling uncontrollably. Rites #9000 > se
The first time you saw a human, waiting for you at the edge of Ze cata age Pier
the trees, you began to understand. When you saw thé human ooo oes ooo Fe SOOT TDOD0 Bruised] 4 a
change into a wolf, you understood more. You were never sure what Booooonoaogo: Banoaao0oog Injured at =)
world he belonged to, but it didn't seem to matter to him. He was oso Aaioran oo~ Fwectdt Maule Qo L
called Crooked Branch, and he had gone on a spirit-journey, an RoagAseaag ha ha 5 2 5 s Pa S é Ss Brel ed OG
aisling, and the spirits had brought him to find you. He taught you eeeceosceoo ai Thar" Perinat miter
everything he knew, about the Garou— finally explaining what 2 PP OOOO ewe weewer0 0000 WHEEL OF THE SEASONS
you were, what you couldsee. Heshowed you how to shift into man- 4 Ape Qoog0ooagoao
form, how to yip words aloud, the way the humans did. You had — we

names tro give things now, and somehow it brought you peace.
Webs and the Umbra, Reaching, the Tellurian, the Wyrm:

Crooked Branch left you one frozen night,-telling you he could go‘no farther. No matter
where you looked, your mentor was gone. You knew your father would know nothing, and so you
sought out the company of men, whose words might lead you to other Garou, more words, more
answers. Leaving your pack, you ran, beneath the waxing and waning of pwo moons, to the city.

You fought to learn as fast as you could, frustrated by your incormprehension and
ignorance of the world of humans, fascinated by their language with no smells. The
time you spent in the comfort of the Umbra, seeking explanations, always brought you
pain when you returned, no matter what form you took, and you started to use: the
humans' pain-killing drugs to numb the aching.

You took ahuman name, a human job, exams: You worked your way steadily up through
the University of Calgary with honors in history, and then took a position as an assistant
reference librarian, surrounding yourself with words, taking stronger pills. You used all your
knowledge, and soon you got attention from the only people who wouldn't ask questions
about how you found out things. The kind of people that wouldn't want questions asked
of themselves, who needed answers to weird questions that most people never asked.
Loners, criminals, occultists. The kind of people that, like you, always managed to
disappear, vanish into the snow. They might nor understand what you are, but they
remember you and what you.can do. And now, other Garou are beginning to find you.

You'ré afraid.

Concept: Your thirst for new insights, learning and wisdom is what drives you.
You shy away from anything personal, or anything that may reveal your lack of
"common-sense" knowledge.

Roleplaying Notes: If you get going researching something interesting, or talking about
something you know, you'll be avid and eager, almost too enthusiastic. This lets you blend in with
most other geeks, thankfully. You're probably going to have to face up to your problems with pain
and Disconnection, sooner or later, but it's avoidable for now.

Equipment: You're not quite together on this fashion thing, but
nobody seems to care much at the library. You have a pretty good library
of your own at home, with big locks on your doors and some
mystical safeguards as well.

Lis LUogé

Quote: No; cub, they donot smoke in order to deaden their
sensé of smell.. They enjoy the sensation the cigarette provides .
Come heré, try one.

Prelude: You were born in the wilderness of northern
Alaska, the only one of your litter to survive one of the
harshest winters on record. You grew quickly, and strong.
In two years you were leading your own pack and thriving.
Then came the hunters —~ they rode terrible machines and
shouted loudly, the sound of their -voices striking down
your pack one by one. When at last you were the only oné
that remained, they shouted again and you felt the terrible
magic in their voices strike your shoulder and something
changed. Every last one of them died by your teeth and
claws, but so did the wolf you had been.

A young warrior of the Wendigo came to you and
taught you what you were —— a Philodox of the Garou. He
taught you that you could not only take the war-form, but
could become as. the humans.as well... This piqued your
curiosity and when it came.time to make your Rité of
Passage; you were given a gift by your elder —— your choice
of trials..Since-you already knew how tobe a-wolf, you
decided tospend the next twoyears asa man that you might
know both sides of yourself. Many among the lupus chided
you for foolishness, many among the homid were shocked
and amused. But when two years had passed and you
returned to your people, it was with great respect and great
expectation.

So you took up the mantle of teacher, and of ambassa-
dor. When there was a dispute between homid and lupus,
you were there to help them see with each other's eyes.
When new homid cubs came to the sept you taught them
the strengths of the lupus form like none other. When new
lupus cubs came you took them: under your wing and
showed them how to wear aman's skin convincingly and
without fear.

Concept: It seemed so natural to you — the Garou are
creatures of both wolf and man, spirit and flesh. They stand
astride two worlds by their very nature, and yet most ignore
half of themselves: Your lupus cousins rarely offer more
than: disdain for the ways of the homids.. The horids
patronize their lupus cOusins, as though the lupus were too
stupid to understand human ways. But Gaia gave ‘the
Garou the means to bridge this gap —— the Half Moons: It
was obvious to you. You were born. to stand between ——
between spirit and flesh,- between wolf and man, between
homid and lupus..And you were meant to be a conduit
between each. The métis, though; they are a problem. It's
clear to you why the Litany forbids the mating of Garou
with Garou —— the progeny of such a union is left without
any place..They are only Garou, and can call neither the
world of men nor of wolves home. Really, there is little you
can do but pity them.

90
> i a-ha a,

Aug

eo ee =

Wendigo

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Namie: &
Player: Auspice: Philodox Pack Totem: -
J Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Wise Wolf
—
ae ate
Rhiytiicas tat rs Paes
Strength, WeeOO 6 wea Perception, sen CI CY
Dexterity, MBOOO Manipulation __.. SHO Inrelligence, ae TT lolel
Sraming 0 me@em@oo OE iu R000 © Wiss, SHED
Palast Kn OMmVERIAE
Alertnes B@O00 — Animal Ken' OG8o00 ..Computer wT ean}
Achletis P@BOO Crafts, ketererere) Enigmas. SO000
Brawl, @8802Q Drive. mF OOOO
Dodg kelelelerte) Erique SeOOO
Empathy, @e000 Firearms, DO000
z OG000 -1 hi SOOO
Intimidarions, C0000 | Melee_______._._. 20000
Primal-Urge. @eee0 ©: Performance, QO0000
Streetwise, OOOO Stealth, 20000
Subterfuge, @O000 ~ Survival, #000
Backigrotnstt ; ciffer Cc
Ancestors __seeace . Heighte: eS
Pure Breed eeoeco . Resist Pain
cent OOO | Ei
OOOO
90000 ss
—
ge i
RR agape
Glory Bri
ooo L00 COG MOOR OO OOOO Hur
OoOgOoOoONoOgDoOoOO Oooo ogo OOF oo Inj
rlonor w
baad ee en eO0000
Wlisdoarr QonogoF foooor
oO O09 9000 G'90 woe Parnas
eo fee eo,
4 Rerki aoooogoO
wa
ae?

Roleplaying Notes:
You-have-taken. upon
yourself a great burden and
you take it very seriously.
Only together can.the
Garou survive the Apoca-
lypse, and that means the
differences between all
peoples, great and small,
must: be put aside or all
shall perish -to feed
the Wyrm 's unholy
hunger. Strive to "
find the middle
ground. ..You SN
know much of the
ways ofmen, but there ©
is still a great deal to learn: Two
years in man-time-~is not the
same as two years in -wolf-time.
You have much progréss tomake;
but. you -learn quickly ~and .ea-
gerly.

Equipment: Your "human
clothes," a sacred pipe, your dog-
eared copy of ‘The Adventures of
Tom Sawyer'.

Se nee

CCyver

Quote: Whatever, lheard you. Yeah, don't worry. I won't
forget.

Prelude: Frankly, you're really not sure what to do with
your life. You probably could have applied yourself, but
everything came too easily for you. You knew you'd get into
college, no matter what you did, because your soft-spoken
mother was an aboriginal and there were scholarships every-
where, even if your dad wasn't already filthy rich. School
came too easy for you; you never needed to study, and you
coasted through, feeling like a fake. Your father fully expected
you to follow in his respectable footsteps, but you got tired of
all the rules, his lectures and your mother's silence. Never do
drugs, never smoke, don't get in trouble, build a professional

career. Youspent most of your time

running wild, disappearing for
weeks on your bike. It was
partly out of rebellion, but
partly because you had the
feeling nothing you did really
mattered anyway. Then you
went camping with some of
your riding friends, near
Vancouver, and the bad
acid trip you went on
brought on your First
Change. When you got
home, everything
seemed different,
backwards and
wrong. Your
mother could tell
what had happened.
She quietly ex-
plained it to you, the
secret she'd held back
oy, for so long, and your
é >
father just watched from
the corner of the den,
with a new fear and sad-
ness in his eyes.

Your mother gave you
some names of people to
talk to, and you took off
again, hoping that these new
Kin would help you find a
reason to live, somewhere to
go, something worthwhile to
do. Becoming Garou was ex-
citing at first, but then it all
started to seem just the same
as before, and then it started
to be a drag. You were
pretty down on all

the Garou ways that

Chapter Four: Winter's Teeth

: .!

Fe: ee
te WNeaamoco Ss

Name: Breed: Hamid Pack Name: &
Player: Auspice: Galliard Pack Totem: ee
Chronicle: Camp: Sacred Hoop Concept: Courier
"ae
a a ees tr iiaroat
PB gested SEtas" MD arpal"
Strength, MROOO Charisma, P0000 Pereeptian__ a POSOBO
Dexterity, BOO Manipulation, 8800 Intelli; Tole)
Stamina, e000 Appearance, ee@00 Wit, MOBOO
emacermanrersamnmnn eames tat el A lil {ial nw
Krom seagar
Animal Ken 00000 Computer
Crafts. Q0000
oO
Empathy. 00000
@0000 Medicine.
Intimidation" Qo000 coult,
Primal-Lrge.
Streeuwise, OOO er Rictuals___
Subterfuge, BOOOO Be i OOOO Science,
— C_Adtanfugeat
_ Reekgronne sree PDiamat
Allies @0000 Nose-to-Tail Eidetic 1 ‘Mem ry
ii e000
Fetish e000 06 Call of the Wyld
2900. AAind: L.
OGe0e
aa aes
Re ~ age Phealth
Glory Bruised a
eeo0v0c0o00 S8eeO000000 Hure By E
DQDUOoODDOQVON BAQ0NDooO00 Injure "1 Q
Honor Wounded 2
Mauled 2 a L
eoooooeo ooo 3 ba
aoopoooonOo *eooooooKo8 Crippled c
Wisdorn ooogpo0ooOo00 ncapacitared a
@eooooeooooa LU; Pelli Pat hts hit mia
B a Ld WHEEL OF ‘THE SEASONS
4 Rok naananonaAAaDa
ye —

got dumped on you, on top the human ones you were already
trying to avoid. You joined a pack, mostly because there was
this cute Wendigo girl, Mathilde, who was a kick-ass magi-
cian or something. You started working as a courier for her,
relaying information and intelligence between septs, riding
your bike between protectorates. Sometimes you carried
codes, drugs or other creepy things between not-always-
reputable businesses. You keep all the real messages in your
head, which makes it hard for them to be stolen. But the
weird stuff you're learning, the stories you could tell —~
you're starting to actually get interested, for once. Maybe
what you were meant to do was to remember things that
everyone else's forgotten, imporrant things. Seems pretty -
lame, though, to have your life just made up out of other
people's lives.

Concept: You seem like just another rebellious punk-
ass, but your one talent, your eidetic memory, is your saving
grace. It's also your sore point, since you're convinced you'd
be a worthless chunk of meat without it.

Roleplaying Notes: You've got to be cagey about the
things you know and the messages you've passed. Otherwise,
you'd definitely end up dead. You know the value of keeping
a secret. You don't see much difference between being
Garou and human, except for all the extra rules and the
snarling parts.

Equipment: You've got a Yamaha FJR1300 motorcycle,
which is your pride and joy. You ride it anywhere, in all kinds
of weather, since the cold doesn't really bother you. Orher than
that, you wear normal human clothes, whatever looks cool.

NY

t

Security Crrara .

Quote: I don't play roulette. ''d rather bleed ois thé old-
fashioned way.
Prelude: You were raised in. Sainte-Rose-du-Lac, a ‘city in
the middle of nowhere near Lake Manitoba. Your mother was a
strict Catholic, and your father, a Cree, left when you were three.
You can barely remember him, only the sounds of shouting and
prayers, and there are only a few pictures that even showed his
face. You excelled jin athletics, floating through: academics
mindlessly and wheedling passing grades out of your teachers
with your charm, looking ahead only to the next' soccer game, the
next track meet, the next lacrosse match. College didn't interest
you, since you were already tired of
having to goto class. as an
excuse to play.- After some
rivals tried to beat you up in
the parking lot before the
province championships;
your First Change made you
realize exactly how powerful
you could become, physically
and mentally: After the
taste .of blood -and
Rage and feeling the
stretching of your
bones,--sports sud-
denly became a
joke. ltwas pretry
clear to you that
were built to
fight for real.. You
enrolled ina military
academy in» Winnipeg
instead of going to the
university, frightening
your mother, and youen-
joyed the rigorous train-
ing there even more than
the discipline of athler-
ics -—~ especially when
you found. out some of
your fellow recruits were
Garou. You graduated
at the top of your class,
with awards in marks-
manship and martial
arts, and the next day
you applied to become
an RCMP officer. They
assigned you to some-
thing called the Ab-
original Justice Com-
mission, supposedly be-
cause you're half-Cree.
You spent three: long
years driving endlessly
from one Godforsaken
end of Manitoba to the

Nae

Name?
Player:
Chronicles

Breed: Homid

Lc sate emt.

=A MDIG

=z

Pack Name:

Pack Totem:

Concept: Security Guard
WE,

ve

igi
Screngch,
Dexeeriry

Perception,

Starnina,

Alertness.
Athletics,

Animal Ken.
MMII Crafts,
Drive.

Eciquente,

Performance,
Sreaich,

Qs
Q
x

ce
oe
oo
co
co
Co
ACe
Co
Co

Be
9
>
9

flo
Oo
Cole
0
0
0
0

Co Oo

Co Oo

Co Oo Oo
Q

Ceo ge
Co ge
Go go
Coste
Cog

ae

q

‘
ff
0
o
18)
o
is)
o
o
o

girl, either. It made you feel empty and useless inside, watching
the kids suffering..So you left.

Nosing around got youa job with Trefoil Security, work:
ing for the Mille Lacs Casino in Minnesota over the border.
Nobody there tangles with you, least of all the customers. And
you've managed to form a pack of your own, with some of the
other security guards, this guy who runs a dojo, and a fellow
former Mountie or two. Some of you, are Canadian, some
American, but you're all Wendigo; which makes the citizen-
ship thing laughable.

Concept: You might not be working for the good of the
people anymore, but at least -you're watching out for the weak,
humans and Garou alike. Your pack always takes priority.
Generally, you're pretty unflappable. In the unlikely event you
can't handle whatever's going on,-there's always' someone
around who can.

Roleplaying Notes: You liké to accomiplish things, so-you
don't like problems with ‘no solutions. You usually try to boil
everything down into-a practical plan of attack — everything
has rules, even if you don't know them. If something gets under
your thick skin, though, you don't hold back.

Equipment: You're licensed to-carry a pistol, but nota
concealed one. You usually dress formally for work, and Trefoil
has a lot of nifty devices and toys that you can use. Mostly,
though, you rely on your own body, which is weapon enough.

Seta" tents \ A
is fel
Wits, a
AS Maire
Compurer  oso06
Enigmas, ODOOO
Tovestigation 000 eMOOO
tage, Law, MPeeoo
2 Law ~
Politics, helelelele)
Ricuats, OOOOOQ
Science. PO000
.
Liphe Miers FP Hone
Call the Breeze eal wine! aa
Peck Mentality
Bazor Claws. Soft-Hearted
aS
ml a on
Pf aatP6
Bruised 3
Mart 21 a
sya: : aonpoooooo Injured 40a
Wounded 2 o
Mauled 2.8 iB
eo OCC OOM OOO ‘rippled "5 a
: ooo oooaa Incapacicared a
s eee ee ogooods WHEEL OF THE SEASONS:
=]
Fs en
other, listening patiently to the complaints of Natives certain
that the local white police were being unfair and racist, tracking
down runaway teenagers who'd been sniffing gasoline, filing
reports on abandoned children and drunks. You weren't helping
anyone, and you didn't feel like a Native, but you weren't a white


|

‘YZ
tUenaige Of *rcnr

‘The following characters represent either notable
modern-day Wendigo or heroes of old tirnes.. Those
characters that have died (Arnaguatsaaq, Crosses-the-
River and Atlantic White) could serve well as ances-
tor-spirits to extant Wendigo (or even werewolves of
other tribes). Additionally, these legendary Garou
undoubtedly have songs and legends told about them
—— surely there are other tales of their bravery, honor
and cunning in each individual chronicle.

The modern-day characters are all busy om their
own; they might serve as Contacts or Allies, or might
have Kinfolk in common with Wendigo characters in
the players' pack. As with the ancient characters, the
modern Wendigo here have sufficient Renown that
any werewolf familiar with current Wendigo politics
has at least héard their names.

Aenagiarradg CPG fat bags"
Arnaguatsaag Chill That Waits lived in the early
days, just after the Wendigo first came to the Pure
Lands. She was Inuit; her childhood was spent travel-
ing between the summer hunting grounds and the
winter camps of her people. Even asa child, she broke
the traditions by following her brothers when they
went out-onto the ice to hunt. and fish: Showing
surprising aptitude, she quickly became the best hunter
in her clan. When the hunting was bad,.it was Chill
That Waits who brought meat for the tribe.
Unhappy with her mannish ways, her clansmen
encouraged Arnaguatsaaq's mother to help her daugh-
ter marry quickly, so that she would stay in the lodge
with the other women as was proper: Arnaguatsaag
agreed. to obey her mother. She soon had several
children and no time to leave the lodge Then there
came a day, in a year when-the hunting had already
been poor, when the hunters did not return. Chill That
Waits told the other women that she would go find the
hunters if they would tend her children while she was
gone.-They agreed, and she wént out onto the ice to
search. She found few survivors. They told her that the
ice suddenly melted beneath them; most went into the
cold sea; while those who remained were stranded on
the rocks. Chill That Waits led the men back to the
lodge, but not to the reception she expected. The other
women had forced her children out of the lodge soon
after Arnaguatsaaq left..Food was precious, and they
had not expected her to return. Some say that she was
not Garou, but Kinfolk and at that moment somehow
took on the nature of one of her slain children. Through
whatever magic was-at work, the -loss of her family

SRT,

brought her First (Change, and she killed the treacher-
ous women.

After she learned the ways of the Wendigo, she
took up a-quest to discover what had chased away the
prey and melted rhe winter-hardened ice. Chill That
Waits discovered that other clans had lost hunting
partiesin the same way; leading to agreat famine inthe
arctic. No one, Inuit or Wendigo, knew the cause of
this misfortune and so she traveled far across the ice
seeking an unknown prey.- After a long hunt, she
dreamed that a moonbeam ‘showed her a monstrous
squid at the bottom of the ‘sea.-It was the monster,
Luumajuuq or Ice Breaker, whose writhing broke up
the ice and whose evil ink melted it even on thecoldest
day of winter. When she woke, she found a knife
carved of bone so white that it looked like moonlight
on. water. With this new weapon.she sought the
monster's lair and found it just where she haddreamed.
Chill that Waits' battle with the giant squid lasted for
days and was waged under the ice; on the rocks and
across the snow. Some say that when she killed it, the
blood sprayed high into the sky and stained the Aurora
Borealis pink.

Chapter Four: Winter's Teeth 93

— I ———_ ENS


a

After Ker battle with Ice Breaker, Chill thar Waits _

led the Wendigo to defeat many minions of the Wyrm
including the giant bird, Aipaloovik, and bound oth-
ers deep beneath the ice. Some claim that her spirit is
the'special protector of the Inuit and special advisor to
the leaders of Nunavut. Her bone knife, fabled to bea
gift of Luna, has been lost to us, though many packs
have searched for it.

Peet ~le- Iv bp, ASP OW

In-the 1800s while the Wyrmcomers overtook
many Wendigo and Uktena caerns, the net of power
that bound a terrible evil weakened as its tenders were
slain or driven away. As each caern of the Pure Ones
fell tothe invading European Garou, the great binding
waned until the creature it contained awakened and
escaped. For many years it bided its time and grew. In
time, it consumed a powerful Weaver-spirit that hap-
pened upon it. Suddenly infused with such power, the
once-bound Wyrm spirit became the Storm Eater and
spread suffering across the land.

There was also in those days a W éndigo man of the
Tlingit called Spear of Winter. He was a great warrior
and had -counted more coup against. Wyrm and
Wyrmcomer alike than any Wendigo of his time- His
hatred of the whites was known across the plains from
the lakes to the mountains and his Rage burned bright
as the sun and cold as the ice that caps the world.

So that the Pure Ones could decide what they
must do about the Storm.Eater, there was a great
powwow calling together.all the Wendigo and all the
people of Elder Brother. For seven days and seven
nights they argued and spoke and sang songs pleading
with the spirits for guidance but they could not agree.
On the-eighth day Spear of Winter, who was late —
he had come upon a great nest of the Wyrm-and
fought for many days to cleanse it —-. came upon the
moot and was angered.

"Who are these people that look like Wendigo and
Uktéena but can only argue while a great evil runs loose

upon their lands?" he thought.-And so he dropped his ©

hatchet onthe north bank of the river, where he stood,
and swamv-across to his brothers to the south. Still wet
and dripping Spear-of-W inter cried out to his people.
"Look there! I, Spear-of-Winter, who has painted his
hatchet red many times-over with the blood of the
whites, have laid my hatchet on the other side of the
river and I shall not take it up again, for my Grand-
mother lies bleeding in the claws of a great evil!"
Atv-his° words the Garou -gathered were sorely
ashamed and pave to.Spear-of-Winter, whom they
now called Crosses-the-River, much honor and re-
spect. He, of all the peoples, was chosen to fight the

94. VWlendigo

OLE LE, LT LT a A

Storm Eater. And he, who had tasted the blood of
countless Wyrmcomers joined with their warriors in
death as a brother to destroy the wretched spirit and
bring peace to his people for a time.

Atlee tie PULSE

Nota Wendigo whose praises are sung when other
tribes are' present, "Back Into. The Atlantic, White
Man". was a warrior of legendary ferocity and a hero
especially to those who. follow. the Warpath. Two
hundred years ago, this lupus lived in'the lands of the
Omaha people. In°1845, the encroachment of other
tribes pushed westward by Wyrmbringer expansion
and the depletion of their main -prey, the buffalo,
forced the Omaha to sell most of their .Nebraska
hunting grounds tothe US Government for $850,000.
While this sale seemed liked wisdom to the humans,
the Garou saw this folly as surrender to the enemy.
Atlantic White declared war.

Atlantic White immediately started reclamation
of what was lost, first from Chief Iron Eye who had

agreed to the sale, and then, and far more violently,-

from the US Government men who tried to claim the
lands for themselves. Ir was Atlantic White who wiped
trading posts and forts from the prairie again and again

y


S|

so that the Wyrmbringers paid for the land in blood as
well as colored strips of paper... The name Omaha
means "those going against the wind," and Atlantic
White embodied that name in -his gallant, doomed
battles to stop and-even reverse the Wyrmbringers'
western expansion.

His was the rallying call for many of the western
Wendigo who had until then had been concerned with
battling the many new Wyrm beasts loose upon the
land. It was Atlantic White who howled for direct war
upon the source of our Kinfolk's growing problems and
our newly hatched legions of enemies in. the spirit
world. He proposed a united effort-to remove the
Wyrmbringers from the Pure Lands, even if we had to
ignore our duties to our Kinfolk -or the Umbra .to
accomplish it..Many of the plains Wendigo agreed
with the spirit of his désire but could not abandon their
sacred duty to Gaia, even to save the Pure Lands.

Atlantic: White was-~defeated not by ‘the
Wyrmbringers he fought but by a new threat. He fell to
powerful minions of the Storm Eater, the beast only
then emerging to ravage the western Umbra. It was
Atlantic White's death. that showed-us how dire a
threat Storm Eater truly was..Some of us also saw his

LN

defeat by this mighty Bane ‘as a sign that his purstit of
the Wyrmbringers to the exclusion of all else was not
Gaia's will. By 1882, the Omaha were living on a
reservation and perhaps beginning to regret that they
had sold their freedom along with their lands, proving
that in this, at least, Atlantic White had been correct.

Today,-those of the Warpath frequently call
Atlantic White's name. Some say his spirit can be
heard howling in fury with. the plans underway in
Omaha' territory .to build a corn-burning. ethanol
plant..It was also the Omaha who were the first to
secure gaming licenses from the US Government and
introduce casinos to tribal lands.. The Warpath calls
this.a-defeat, too, knowing that Atlantic.White
would see the gaming tables as Wyrm-tainted con-
duits for further corruption.

It is rare for Garou to give their Kinfolk a place of
honor, but that is precisely what Willard Whitebelly
received. Born in. 1965, the son of activists in the
American Indian -Movement, he was raised in as
traditional a way as could be found among the Sioux in
the twentieth century. His mother died while trying to
liberate one of the last herds of buffalo ‘in the United
States from the ranch that kept them. Her death was
ruled a'suicide, though the American authorities spent
little effort explaining how she'd shot herself in the
back of the head with a shotgun. He-and his father
went underground shortly afterward, moving. from
reservation to reservation.

Willard's education was spotty, reservation schools
and frequent relocation making it difficult for the boy
to keep up with his academics, but his father spared no
effort toeducate him in the ways of his people. In 1974,
at the tender age of nine years old, Willard had his first
vision. His grandfather, one of a long line of holy men
and medicine workers, took the boy under his wing and
trained him in the ways ofthe Miniconjou Sioux. Over
the next eight years Willard, then known as Little
Prophet, became something of a legend among the
people of the reservations of North and South Dakota.
Tales of his songs healing the-sick, of visions and
portents covered the plains as the buffalo once did.

The:stories reached the ears of an old, old man.
Grandson to Kicking Bull —— one of Wovoka's first
Ghost Dancers. He came in the summer of 1982 to
the reservation where Willard and his grandfather
lived and led the Sun Dance for the tribe's young
men. Willard, though -he was young for the Sun
Dance at seventeen, participated in the ritual -ea-
gerly. Of all those that hung themselves from the pole
that day, Willard was the last to-fally When day

turned to night and the elders came to cut him down

Chapter Four: Winter's Teeth 95

—eEeE——————Kee«— EN


he -refused. Through the night and into the next
morning he hung there, until the old mancame to the
edge of the arena and called to the spirits to set him
free. Willard fell and as the tales would have it, his
wounds healed before he struck the ground. Weary
but whole, Willard went to the old man and before all
the elders assembled spoke quiet words with him: It is
said the old man smiled and bowed his head, but-all
that is known for certain is that he died that very
moment at Willard Whitebelly's side.

Willard cut his hair the nextday. Within the year
he had passed the GED and enrolled at the University
of Michigan —— pre-law..Six years later he graduated
summa cum laude; passed the bar and began a career
that continues to this day tobe legendary... He is
known throughout the Indian nations as the man to
have at your side when arguing land rights cases. He
has consulted on-countless disputes berween Indian
nations and state and federal governments and was
vital to the negotiations that made Nunavut possible.
It's hardly surprising that he has enemies among the
whites. What might be surprising, however, isthat he
has made many an-enemy among his own people as
well. The whites don't like him for what he's done.

96 Vlend igo

/ ia SL LT

Many among the elder Wendigo don't liké him for
the way he's done it.

Law has been a fruitful calling for Willard as well.
His practice is large, employing a diverse staff of thirty
attorneys, many of whom grew up as he did on reserva-
tions around the country,.and another one hundred
support staff. He has alsocome torely upon the services
of two small packs of Wendigo as ‘troubleshooters.'
Many of the young Ghost Dancers reshaping the camp
today are the recipients of Whitebelly scholarships.
Often, his firrm comes tothe aid of Garouthat have run
afoul of the law..And though he has nevér once raised
a hand in anger, many Wendigo revere him as one of
their most potent warriors.

To this day; no one knows what passed betweén
Willard the boy and the old man at the Sun Dance.
Speculation abounds. The young Ghost Dancers say
he is Wovoka reborn — come back to teach a new
Dance.-Others say he is a Wyrm-spirit wearing the
skin of Little Prophet and leading the Wendigo and
their Kin to doom. Willard himself will not speak a
word about it.

Born Salish; raised in Vancouver, British Colum-
bia, Fisher spent much -of his first -year as' Garou
adjusting. He fellin witha pack called the Ghostrunnerts
that followed aspirit they called Ghost Bear..Each of
them was a healer of some -skill and made it their
purpose to tend the ills of the people. Theirs wasa quiet
mission: traveling from reservation to reservation car-
ing for the ill, the elderly, the poor. Big Fisher proved
himself a capable student and quickly learned what the
Ghost Bear had to teach: For Garou, and Ahroun at
that, Big Fisher also proved himself a gentle soul when
it came to caring for those in need.

Recently, Big Fisher and -his* pack were called
north on an errand apparently a Wendigo pack had
gone rogue and were killing white folk indiscrimi-
nately in the northern Cascades and up into Alaska.
Heand his pack were called up to go and talk sense into
them. What happened after that isn't entirely clear,
but both packs were decimated by the confrontation
and only Big Fisher remained. The last word that was
heard of him comes from a Red Talon sept just south
of the Arctic Circle. The Talons:said he was ‘looking
for snow'. That was a year ago.

Rumors put him back 6n land again, running with
anew pack at his back and Wendigo himself beside
them. The tales tell of a_pack of wolves that cross the
ocean, the water freezing instantly beneath their feet.
They tell of howling winds that tear the: oilrigs to
pieces and throw the whaling ships to the bottom of


Seer neers

the ocean. And quietly, in whispers, they say a new day
has come for the Wendigo and Big Fisher has brought
it down from the sky. Who can'say?

tan PSecll-C fia -lPgpt

"Eventually they stopped snarling and started lis-
tening..Then. came the hard part."

Blue eyes. White skin: Great Wendigo himself
chose this unlikely Half Moon, and charged him to
learn all he could about the other tribes of the Garou.
With his pale Wyrmcomer face and self-assured man=
neérisms veiling the fierce blood of Wendigo that ran
cold through his veins, Evan created his own legend.
He began empty-handed, completely ignorant of his
true nature; the unknown thread of his Kin-blood ran,
thin but true, down from his father's ancestors, four
generations past. His First Change was completely
bewildering, and he was left helpless and terrified of
what he had become; until Wendigoa spoke to him,
calmed vhis fear, and sent: him. guidance...With- no
preconceptions of Garou society, with a physical ap-
pearance that embodied an exception tothe rule, Evan
became the perfect toolinhis Farther Wendigo's hands.
The totem spirits of a few willing tribes gave their
support to Wendigo's creation..Falcon'sent a Silver
Fang to teach Evan what it meant to be Garou, and
Pegasus sent a Black Fury to teach him the wisdom of
ancient ways. A. Stargazer joined their pack .with
Chimera's help, to lead the way into the Umbra, and
teach Evan first-hand of the realms of the spirits..And
Evan took his place in the midst of this motley assort-
ment, as Great Wendigo had interided.. He served as
the mediator and peacemaker between these warring
werewolves of different tribes, demonstrating that
their unlikely unity gave them a strength they would
not have possessed among members of their own
tribes. A living example, Evan took his pack's message
to the other elders of the Garou. Some of thern lis-
tened, and some of them refused, . but Evan is patient.
More and more battles will be won, with the mixed
might of all Gaia's children; he is certain that-after
those first victories fall into place, the rest will follow
in their steps and heal the rifts of the past.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Rank: 4

Camp: Sacred Hoop

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma' 5, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1; Brawl 2, Dodge 1,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken.1, Crafts 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 3;
Firearms 1,-Leadership 4, Melee 1, Performance' 3,
Stealth 1, Survival 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1; Investigation 2,

Law 3,-Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Politics 3, Rituals 2 -

Renown: Glory 4, Honor 8, Wisdom 5
Backgrounds: Allies 5,-Ancéestors 3, Fetish 3, Pure
Breed 2, Rites 5, Totem 4

Rage: 5; Gnosis: 3; Willpower: 8

Gifts: (1) Call the Breeze, Camouflage, Nose-to-Tail,
Persuasion, Resist Pain, Scent of the True Form, Smell
of Man, Truth of Gaia (2) Curting Wind, Scent of the
Man-Eater, Staredown, Strength of Purpose (3) Dis-
quiet, White-out, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways (4)
Call the Cannibal Spirit, Roll Over

Rites: All Rites of Accord from Werewolf: the Apoca-
lypse and this book; Rite of the Opened Caern; Gath-
ering for the Departed; Rite of Accomplishment

ChAapter Four: Winter's Teeth 97

LP LT TE NE


Tote North PU Ser
"What's that line? Oh,-yeah, heh! "You wouldn't

like me when I'm angry.' "

John is young, but he has always béen determined
to bring horior to his tribe. In his Camp, all the cubs
were raised on a diet of legends —— stories.of the
peacemakers that came before, brotherhood between
all Gaia's creatures, famous Garou who overcame the
odds like Evan Heals-The-Past..Sometimeés he thinks
it's a lot harder for -him-than:' it was for Evan~the
Philodox, though. John tries his-besr to balance his
desire for harmony against the-icy-cold breath of
Wendigo's fury in his heart. The wish he has heard
since he was born, ‘the wish his Camp murmurs over
every meal, at every moot and meeting —— Peace to all
creatures wars constantly with his thirst for ven-
geance.. Because he hears other stories, too, as he gets
older. Stories of the end days, of Wendigo dying in
battle, of slaughtered Kinfolk and desecrated ground,
of desperate fights against the Wyrm and the Weaver.
Now, these words stir his blood and drive him ‘into a
frustration he is afraid to reveal. He manages to hide it
well, behind witty jokes and a cheerful laughing face,
bringing the humor of any situation out in front to veil
hisseething temper. People complain when he gets too

A

silly,.but he comforts himself in knowing that they'd
probably rather hear an annoying joke than have him
tip their throats out. He clings to the Litany when the

anger threatens to overtake him, reciting to himself:
"Respect all beings. They are all of Grandmother."
He's managed to keep himself from hurting anyone, so A
far:
Sometimes he wishes they had néver told him all
the stories, bur just the granola ones, the ones about
peace and love and togetherness and Evan, healing the
past with his understanding and patience. Ironically, it
took meeting Evan. himself to help him: come toa
realization. The turmoil he feels in his spirit, the never-
ending contradictions in his soul, is just W/endigo's
way of telling him what path to take. He can never be
like Evan. That job's already been done, and the way
is paved. Now John has .a job of his own. Evan said
once, "These are the last days —— our Winter is now,"
guided by Great Wendigo, determined to find a way —
a vision no one else has thought of before. Is it possible

to fight, but fight for peace? If he can control his Rage

until the moment he needs it, concentrate it sothat he

can. unleash it at will, but.only against those that

threaten to destroy his Kin.

Auspice: Ahroun

Rank: 1

Camp: Sacred Hoop

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexteriry 3 (3/4/5/5),

Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charistna 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-

and John.is just beginning to build his own. vision,
Breed: Homid
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2; Athletics 1, Brawl 2; Dodge 2,.
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2,-Primal-Urge 2

Skills: Animal Ken -1,-Crafts-1, Drive 1, Etiquette 1,
Firearms' 1, Melee 2, Stealth 1, Survival 1
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 1; Medicine 2,
Rituals 1

Renown: Glory 2, Wisdom 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1,Ancéstors 2, Kinfolk 2, Rites 1,
‘Totem 2

Rage: 5;-Gnosis: 1; Willpower: 5

Gifts: (1) Falling Touch, Ice Echo, Resist Pain, Smell
of Man

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

wer FOOLRLC

"It's a pack war. It's not six Owen Robinsons out
there. And please shoot me if I ever refer to myself in
the third person again."


han

More than 100 National Hockey League players
have come from a single high school in. Wilcox,
Saskatchéwan: the Athol Murray College of Notre
Dame... The motto of this school is "Luctor et Emergo"
— Struggle and Emerge: The Hounds have won count-
less provincial and national championships, and any
young girl or boy who loves hockey would fight for the
chance to be admitted to Notre Dame; with dreams of
following in the footsteps of glorious alumini like Owen
Robinson.

With Owen's amazing three' goals in the last 5
minutes of the playoffs, leading the team through its
most eléctrifying season.in- history, the Edmonton
Oilers won their first Stanley Cup since 1990, and the
media is havinga field day. He doesn't exactly try to act
humble about it; but they're idolizing him -anyway-:
Theyre saying Owen Robinson is the next Mark
Messier, the next Wayne -Gretzky, the next Mario
Lemieux. And to tell the truth, he probably is. They
can say whatever they want about him: that he's gay,
that he's only getting ‘the publicity because he's a
Native American,.that he's a giant asshole,.that he's
got a problem with getting into too many fights on and
off the ice. All that matters is that he knows how to
play hockey, and he knows how to lead a teamto

Ll —

victory. He wants to win, and he wants to win by being
the best: It doesn't matter what they say, because they
will never know what he really is.

He doesn'tjust keepin touch withold Notré Dame
out of charity. There are other traditions besides hockey
that he needs to protect, and his Pack of Hounds keeps
the honor of the tribe pure and alive» The school's a
great place to give Wendigo a leg up on things, froma
young age, to teach the cubs what they need to know.
He's even getting Kinfolk students accepted, now, to
keep a good eye on them. Ifany of the kids want to play
hockey, .he-just considers that a bigger bonus. Right
now he's getting three other guys drafted, .two to the
Maple Leafs, one to the Penguins; and his best friend
Valentin Kovalenko has been with the Flames for two
years. It's not just about money and fame to Owen and
his Hounds-— they're still Wendigo,. after all..He
knows it's all just a way to get at what really matters —
power that doesn't come from things, but from Gaia. If
the Wendigo are going tosurvive, going to win, they'll
need that real power. And Owen Robinson knows that
he's going to get it done,-one way or another.
Father Fbar-on-Chetilaten®" CH EYAOT LING

Neéw Moons can be as trying for theit tribemates as
their' enemies. . None in recent memory exemplifies
this as well as Pees-on-Chemlawn..As his deed name
implies, he is not the favorite of the tribe's many
traditionalists: He is firmly planted in the Z 1st Century
in. both-methodology and chosen enemy..For many
Wendigo, his battles sometimes defy explanation.
Despite this or perhaps~because of it, he has been
gaining supporters among the younger Wendigo lately.
Worse, his notoriety is spreading outside of the tribe
and his actions are causing some rather: awkward
questions: Doesn't this clown know Wendigo are sup-
posed to be stoic?

Starting in the lands of his Blackfoot Kinfolk,;
Pees-on+Chemlawn and his cross-tribal, all-Ragabash
pack, Another Dead Mutant, have made a name for
themselves with creative, violent stunts meant to
dissuade farmers from using bioengineered crops, pes-
ticides and growth hormones: The pack has also come
out against bovine growth hormone and other experi-
merits in "improving" nature throughchemistry. Farm-
ets whose lands are more chemical than corn have had
an increase in inexplicable early frosts, violent storms
and massive sinkholes opening in the middle of their
fields. Those with "super cows" injected with the latest
hormone concoctions are visited with "coyote" at-
tacks on their livestock, fires in their barns and myste-
tiously strong winds toppling their power lines. These
farmers also find themselves ‘on the business end of
environmental activism and lawsuits from local indig-

Chapter Four: Winter's Teeth 99

> AS PD A NR

t

enous peoples, suddenly very keen on regaining a piece
of sacred land that just happens to be where Farmer
Jones is raising his mutant boviné monstrosities.

Rumors even credit the pack for canola oil floods,
electrocuted livestock, crop circles and cattle mutila-
tions in Wyoming and the Dakotas, but such broad
credit isas likely ajoke authored by Pees-on-Chemlawn
himself as truth.-It seems too petty for a Garou, but
with Another Dead Mutant involved, one can expect
just about anything.

Pees-on-Chemlawn may be getting résults, but
many Wendigo disapprove of his methods. The elders
say he relies too heavily on the Wyrmbringers' tech-
nology and ways to carry out his crazy plans. He argues

100

Wrendigo

a

that traditional ways have allowed the W/yrmbringers
to flourish; while his attacks hit them where it hurts, in
their wallets. His goal is to make the use of unnatural
farming methods so expénsive and disastrous that the
farmers give up the practices voluntarily. If ic worked,

it would make the more overt methods —— staging
direct attacks on the biochemical companies produc-
ing the poisonous sludge —+ obsolete.

In-a way, his-outlandish methods are subtle; but
that doesn't mean -the corporate subsidiaries whose
test crops are in ruins aren't taking motice. Pentex
doesn't believe in "acts of God" and their investigators
are hot onthe trail of Another Dead Mutant. Pees-on-
Chemlawn's saving grace so far has been: that the
enemy finds hisschemes asincomprehensible as we do.
Eventually, the attention he's drawing may prove to be
too great for even this fox in-wolf's clothing to dodge.
Some Wendig6 will be nothing but relieved when he's
gone.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Rank: 3

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina-3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (2/1/1/1), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2).

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1,Dodge-2, Primal-
Urge 1, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 1; Firearms 2, Leadership; 1,
Melee 1; Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Law 1, Science 2, Investigation 2
Backgrounds: Kinfolk 3, Allies 3

Rage: 3; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 5

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Open Seal, Camouflage, Resist
Pain,-Master of Fire (2) Speak with Wind Spirits,
Taking the Forgotten, Blissful Ignorance, Jam Tech-
nology (3) Gremlins, Disquiet

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Binding; Rite of rhe
Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of
Spirit Awakening


ZS

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack ‘Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
7; wna ew
PB YL CAL Mt on fe"
Strength @O000 Charisma @oo0o0o Perception @O0000
Dexterity. BOO00O Manipulation @OoO000O Intelligence @BO000
Stamina, BOO000 Appearance @OO000O Wits. @BOoO000O
FAIELLIL SELLE KWCASERGAL
Alertness OOVOO0O Animal Ken OOO0O Computer OO000
Athletics ferelelele) Crafts felelelele) Enigmas QOO000O
Brawl. OO000 Drive OO00O Investigation O0O000
Dodge QOO00O0 Etiquette OOO00O0 Law OOOO0O
Empathy OOV0OCO0 Firearms OO0O0O Linguistics OO00O
Expression elelelere) Leadership QO000 Medicine OQO000
Intimidation OO00O Melee OO0000 Oceult QOQO000
Primal-Urge Ooo00EO Performance OOQV0O Politics OO000O
Streetwise OO00O Stealth, OO0000 Rituals ON0N0O
Subterfuge OOV00O Survival felelelele) Science OO00O
LSRK GIO IIRE LLL LIL
OO00O
OO00O
OOOOO
OOOOO
OOOOO
et BOND wan Tage ita ti PL 20f P08 mamemermnvttiloe
Glory Bruised cy
oO oO 0 0 0 0'0 0-0 0 0.08 8 OO ODO OO Hurt -1 im |
Nom oooOoOoooO Sooo ooao4 Injured -1 =
Honor EOL OLLL mmm onded 3 3
eoooooo 0 Oo Oo Oo aute -
0o.0 0 0 0 0-0 0.0 0 i -
Nooo R0o0o000 ripped eG ey
Vliscdorm fe ee es ee ee ee ee ee ee neapacitate
DD DDO OO nee i LENG O90 EP it Fillet PULRAES EL ttle
lo fo Co fo Coot fa

oo Oo 0:0 0 0°90 0 90
os Oe Oe es ee ee es ee ee

OL EE Ee FT ET TO — LE A

WHEEL OF THE SEASONS

|
\
|


See

~ PLB 4" YyBit ————
Strength (+3) | Strength (+1)

Dexterity (+2)
Stamina (+2)
Manipulat n

OOO0oO XN] Item Level Gnosis
OONO0O Power
OO00O Item: Level, Gnosis
OO0d00oO Power:
OoOO0o0OO lrem: Level Gnosis
OOdONOO Power:
OOO0OO Trem: Level Gnosis.
OO00O Power:
elererere) Rar
OO0O0OO0
folelerere) N
Oooo oN
(olelelese)
OoOOdO0O
OO0OO0O
OoO00O
OoO090O0
OoO00O :
Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage |Range| Rate | Clip Can ng Far fx
Maneuver~™ Roll Diff - Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl - 5 Strength+1/A
Body Tackle Déx+Brawl 7 ©. Special/B
Claw Dex+Brawl 6 Strengths 1/A
Grapple — "Dex+Brawl 6" Strength/B
Kick Dex+Brawl "~ 7 Strength+1/B
Punch Dex+Brawl" 6 Strength/B
A=Ageravated Damage
B= Bashing Damage
ALIAS OPS

og


ec Wleaamco S37

J Nature: Demeanor: y A
Mert Lifee CaF Pea' LUGE ZSOLT
Sar' Mier foOr
eA EaLS OPS Pre Feed
Kf ofle Topore
a EDR YALLTOIL pica A yierlerce
Gear (Carried): TOTAL:
Gained From: 5
Equipment (Owned):
Name:
Caern Location: " TOTAL SPENT:
or Level: Type: Spent On:
‘Totern:
Leader:


Peeler

Age:
Hair:
Eves:
Race:
Nationality:
Sex:

Height ] Weight

|

Homid:
Glabro: KSattie SEP LS
Crinos:
Hispo:
Lupus: Mi aflt Dcforrantty:. _
mPa LS,
TT ET
. Fen Aa F Fit 1 AK CAardcfer SJ keapole :


GAME STUDIO

eM ind-s

www.white-

wolf.co
