# File: Werewolf - The Wild West.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------




We

bALWOLE

v2WILD WEST
COO AFI BE D

A Storytelling Game of Historical Horror

Werewolf: The Wild West
uses the Storyteller™ Game System

Si

SSS


SSSSS

ZLLP,

Credits cs
Design: Justin Achilli and Ethan Skemp
Development: Ethan Skemp
Based on Werewolf: The Apocalypse by: Bill Bridges,

Robert Hatch and Mark Rein® Hagen eee Li ee a
Storyteller System by: Mark Reine Hagen 4 Dedication
Written by: Justin Achilli, Mark Angeli, Phil Brucato, Tim ) To Chief Joseph of the Nez Percé, and to all
Byrd, Jackie Cassada, Ben Chessell, Richard Dansky, Ed Hall, those who suffered and died, whether white,

McKeogh, James Moore, Nicky Rea, Ethan Skemp, Fred Yelk

Additional Design Contributions: Andrew Bates, Ken
Cliffe, Brian Glass

Robert Hatch, Harry Heckel, Heather Heckel, Ian Lemke, Ed native or neither, to satisfy the greed and hate of
) their fellow humans. The West was never won
— it was lost.

May your struggles never be forgotten.
Editing: Cary Goff with Ken Cliffe and Aileen Miles Our chiefs are killed... The old men are all
Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly and Aileen Miles dead.... The little children are freezing to death. My
Art: Andrew Bates, Ron Brown, Steve Bryant, James Daly, people, some of them have run away to the hills and
Jason Felix, Richard Kane Ferguson, Scott Fischer, Dave have no blankets, no food. No one knows where they
Fooden, Darren Frydendall, Michael Gaydos, Pia Guerra, are, perhaps freezing to death. I want to have time to
Henry G. Higginbotham, Anthony Hightower, Jeff Holt, look for my children and see how many of them I can
Brian LeBlanc, Eric Lacombe, Robert MacNeil, Matt Milberger, find. Maybe I can find them among the dead. Hear
Jeff Parker, Shea Anton Pensa, Steve Prescott, Andrew Ritchie, me, my chiefs. My heart is sick and sad. From where

At ee

Andrew Robinson, Theo Schwartz, Dan Smith, Ron Spencer the sun now stands | will fight no more forever.
Layout and Typesetting: Katie McCaskill d —To The Nez Percé tribe after surrender to
Border Design: Vince Locke 4 General Nelson A. Miles at the Battle of Bear
Logo, Front and Back Cover Design: Richard Thomas Paw Mountains, Montana; 1877.

Prelude Art: Richard Thomas with Ash Amett

——— ~~ ~~

©1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming and Werewolf the
Wild West are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at http://www.white-
wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

\


Ken

WILD WES)

Contents
Prologue 4
Prophecy: The Coming of War 18
Boox One
Chapter One: Introduction 24
Chapter Two: Setting 32
Chapter Three: Storytelling 68
Boox Two
Chapter Four: Rules 82
Chapter Five:Character Creation 92
Chapter Six: Traits 108
Book THREE
Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra 188
Chapter Eight: Systems 210
Chapter Nine: Drama 230
Appendix 268
@

Contents 3


four men and a woman — well, three men, a woman and a boy — sat around the green felt table and stared hard at their cards. A few feet
‘away, the bartender studiously ignored the players' conversation while polishing an already gleaming countertop. A row of bottles and
Glasses was arrayed like stalagmites in front of the bar mirror, which, incidentally, held in its reflection both the swinging doors at the
Aront of the saloon and the set of large windows located on cither side. There were other tables, also set up for cards, but empty now in
the heat of the afternoon. Out front, the players' horses nudged each other in futile efforts to dominate the water trough; upstairs, a

) patron snored away a hangover.

ae

chairs were wooden and mismatched; most looked like they'd been liberated from some train's dining car, with faded red cushions
nd scratched wooden backs. A chandelier dangling from the ceiling was dark now, waiting patiently for night.

The Beer players noticed none of this. The first, a muscular man in a faded U.S. Cavalry uniform, scowled intently at his dog-eared

} Bright-faced from the sun, he sported a drooping red mustache and a face craggy enough to serve as a bas-relief map of the

+ wildlands. He'd been the last to arrive, and the others had noticed he'd walked with a distinct limp. That in and of itself was enough to
furrow brows and excite speculation; it took some kind of beating to permanently maim one of their kind. However, none of the others
were so rude as to ask him about the matter; they were sure Jonas Moon, ISth New York Cavalry (ret.) — as he'd introduced himself —
would tell the tale in his own time.

On Moon' right sat the lone woman of the group, fanning herself with her cards to break the midday heat. She had the build and grace
of a dancer, but her palms were calloused from hard work. Black-haired and black-cyed but with fair skin, she'd been the first of the five
to show up; the rest had sauntered in to find her already seated and sipping a glass of beer Learns-the-Olld-Ways (she had told them that
her human friends call her Janice) wore man' clothing, buckskins and leathers that looked like they'd been through more than one
owner. Some sort of Indian charm hung around her neck, but none of the others recognized it.

The kid had been the dealer the ast round, and he'd dealt out the cards like he'd worked in a saloon for years. That was the end of his
professionalism, though. He sat, eyes shaded by a hat several sizes too larrge, and stared a little too hard at his hand. All of his clothes
said one thing: Easterner. They were too new, too clean, too fresh to have been worn for long on the frontier, and they just didn't hang
right. Every so often he fidgeted with a button or missed a pocket in a way that said he wasnt used to these clothes.

The kid — that's how he'd introduced himself, actually, though the others were sure he'd wanted "kid" capitalized — had guns, of course.
Shiny, spanking-new guns in leather holsters so new they still squeaked like old furniture when the kid sat down. When the kid had
walked in, Learns-the-Old-Ways had quietly bet her left-side neighbor the guns had never been used.

The other players had already pegged the kid as a rotten bluffer, and at seeing his attempts at nonchalance, Moon had already folded. So
did the man Janice made her bet with, a slick-looking fellow whose vest, pants, ote and gloves were all suspiciously free of trail

dust. An unkind man might have called the fellow a dandy. A sharp-eyed man might have noticed the notches on the fellows gun barrels,
and refrained from the insult. Drooping blond mustachios fell well past his lip, and his eyes were a piercing, dead blue.

During the course of the game's pleasantries, he'd let slip (in a gentleman's Georgia drawl) that he went by Aaron Walks-

With-Steel. Moon had muttered later that he didn't care what a fellow walked with, no man or wolf on iss green Earth

could possibly be that good a card player. At that, Aaron had merely smiled a wolfish grin and raked in the pot from

hand. Magnanimously, he had left five dollars in the pot to cover the next rounds antes. He often did that, as a
won most every hand, he could afford to.


The last man at the table, a smal! fellow with the shifty cyes and quick fingers of a practiced cardplayer, had actually spent most of the
afternoon losing. His clothes, all mismatched shades of brown, clearly done on the cheap, had one unusual feature to them: His vest was
faded into the color of dirty sand, except one patch on the left side — a patch in the shape of a six-pointed star

That last man hadn't bothered to introduce himself. When pressed, he'd mumbled something about doing some work for the
Pinkertons, and fet the matter drop. The bartender seemed to know the man, and so no one had thought to bring the matter up again.
Nobody ever wants to drive the worst player away from the table, after all.

The bartender had watched them all come in and settle down with only the mildest of curious twinges. It wasnt unusual for a certain sort
of special folks to use his saloon for all sorts of meetings — He day or night. As a matter of fact, he was sort of proud of the reputation
his saloon enjoyed among his kin; word from Texas to the S4th Parallel was that Old Stone's in Shilo was a good place for "family"
business.

And if that family business looked like it was going to get ugly, well, what he kept down in the root cellar kept even the hottest heads
more or fess cool. There are some things that are just more important than fighting, you know?

He'd known from the start that this was going to be one of those special mectings, one that he'd have to keep an eye on, for a lot of
reasons, While the bartender hadn't gone through First Change himself (and never would), he had watched plenty of others, and the kid
looked like he'd just gone through it solo. Even worse, the kid had all the signs of having read too many dime novels about the frontier
— and believed every last one of ‘em.

Then there was the Indian necklace the lupus woman was wearing: the bartender had no problem with Indians (Icast not ones who paid
their tabs), but sometimes a whole pack that didnt understand the delicate arrangements he'd made with the local Uktena would come
into town whoopin' and hollerin' and generally trying to bust the place up on account of what was down in the root cellar Most of
them were kin to the Comanche, but there had been a few others, and they'd worn charms like the one that lupus woman

had on. Maybe she was a scout for a different pack that was fixing to take another whack at the caern he
watched over. It could be, it could be.

Plus, there was the fact that the fancy fellow with the sad mustache we }

was cheating, but Stone didn't worry so much about that. ames LE
After all, if the others werent wise to the . ol :
sharp, who was he to spoil the a : A Ps

man's business? al 1 ns

"Three cards," said Learns-the-Olld- Ways, "and don't
try to look at them this time." The kid blushed and
laid the three cards down on the green felt, even as
she favored him with a predatory grin. With
calloused fingers she drew them into her hand, and
her expression quickly shifted to a frown. "Crap."

"Folding again, dear lady?" Aaron, the Georgian, inquired.
"None of your damn business."
Ah, I forget my manners. Forgive me."

"Shut up and let her play," interjected the kid. The others turned to see that he'd haff-risen from his chair One hand was on the table,
the other was half-way to his holster. The cards were scattered everywhere. Slowly, Aaron raised his gaze to mect the dealer'.

id, do you really think you're fast enough? Hell, do you even think what you're packing is going to slow me down?" Aaron's eyes
ed onto the kid's, even as his fingers crept toward his own holsters.

be not, but you're not going to hassle her any more. And I'll take my chances with you, fancy dan." The kid's tone was defiant, but
ds were shaking. Aaron's smile grew wider.

Not like in the dime novels, is it, kid?" Moon said softly. "It's okay. You can sit back down and we can get on with the game."
*Not until he apologizes to Janice." The kid demanded.

Moon jerked his head sideways, his gaze traveling past the obviously annoyed Learns-the-Old- Ways to the dandy. "Aaron, would you
mind apologizing so we can get on with this?"

‘Walks With-Steel shook his head, slowly. "I would love to, my dear Colonel, but I'm afraid I cant. Should word get out that I gave in
to this punk, I would get grief at every table from here to Sacramento. Now, mind you, | will allow him apologize to me, We can even
make it as formal as anyone likes, and then get on with things. I'd really like that, as a matter of fact."

"Like hell | will! Put your hands where I can — uuurrrkk!"

And suddenly, the kid was sitting back down with both his hands on the table. Learns-the-Old-Ways later claimed that she'd actually
seen the stranger hook the kid's ankles with his foot and pull him back down into his chair, but the others didn't see so much as a blur.

"Kid," said the Pinkerton in a voice of infinite weariness, "sit down and shut up."

"But he—"

"T said, shut up." The kid lapsed into sullen silence, while Aaron didn't even bother trying to hide a smirk across the table. "Now let me
explain a few things to you about what you just did. First of all, you see that nice man behind the bar who's got his hands where you can't
see ‘em? He's the bartender, and the reason you can't sce his hands is ‘cause they're both down where he keeps his pet shotgun. If'n you'd
continued making a fuss, he'd have introduced the back of your head to one Mac Ain't that right, Zeke?" Tight-lipped, the
bartender nodded and returned to polishing glasses.

"Second, you never, ever drop your cards in the middle of a hand, ‘specially if you're the dealer. There's a lot of money on the table; you
want to figure out who that paper belongs to? In less friendly company, I've seen men shot deader ‘n nails for doin' what you
just did."

"Hell, I had three kings; it would've been mine anyway." The kid's tone was whiny and petulant; suddenly he looked much
than his 18 years.


"That ain't the point, and with your cards all over the floor it's going to be damn hard to prove it anyway. Cards are sacred out here. You
understand that? And another thing..."

"How long since your First Change, kid?" It was Learns-the-Old-Ways who spoke, staring intently across the table. "A month? Two?"
"T-I-L-1 don't know what you're talking about."

Learns-the-Old-Ways ignored him, turned to Moon. "Weaver's bird, Moon, the kid cant have changed more than a few weeks ago. And
with no one there to help him... I don't want to think about it."

"A lost cub..." the stranger muttered. "Ain't no wonder I was drawn here."

"It can't have been pleasant. So Aaron Stick-Up-Orifice, or whatever you're calling yourself, settle down." Moon scowled heavily and
turned to face the fid "Son, you have two choices. You can let us help you, or you can be a tinhorned pain in the ass, get your dander up
and stomp off. In that case, I predict you'll be dead inside of a week. Much as the local Indians dont like our looks, their friends like
our true faces even less."

The kid's face scrunched up in a confused frown. "Colonel, I have no idea what you're talking about, sir. No idea at all, and if you don't
mind, I'll be taking my leave." He started to stand but was cut short by a comment of Aarons.

"Let me guess. A couple of months ago, you started having dreams. Strange ones. Ones about running, hunting, killing — and then one
night, a couple of weeks ago, you found that it wasn't a dream. You had a face full of blood and something dead lying at your feet. And
you could have run home to Mommy and Daddy — they're rich, arent they? Easy to tell — but you got scared. You didn't want your
precious mommy and daddy to sec you with the guts of something, maybe someone, you'd killed all over your face. So you ran, took
some of Daddy's money and ran all the way out here, because you'd read a couple of dime novels and thought you could handle the big
bad frontier, didn't you? How much of Daddy's money did you steal, anyway, kid? How much is left, hmm?"

Moon's hand came down on the table like thunder. "That's enough, Walks-With- —
Steel, enough. Can't you see the boy is terrified?" "

It was true. The kid had sunk back into his seat, wide-eyed and trembling. "It wasnt
like that," he whispered, over and over again. "I swear it wasnt like that."

Learns-the-Old-Ways glanced over at Aaron with sheer contempt. "Brilliant. Were | Reward Offered for his Return!
‘The Hon. Jos. A. Sperling today increased to $50,

you actively trying to make a lunatic out of him? We've got a lost cub here and all
you want to do is intimidate him. How much renown you think we're going to give 000
you for this little performance? Oh, I'll be sure to sing about it at every moot I ‘ the reward for information on the whereabouts of his
drop in on for the next 10 years. The Tale of Aaron and his Glorious Victory Overa missing son, Arthur. The scion of the Sperling line
Frightened Child — it'll go over well, don't you think?" was last seen on the night of June 18th, when he

escorted Miss Pamela Fielding, daughter of Viscount
With exaggerated disinterest, the ‘sharp yawned. "The boy needs an education. I was Reginald Fielding, to a performance of Rossini's
giving him one. Anyone have a problem with that?" jopera La Gazza Ladra at the Academy of Music. |
"I think," and the dancer looked over at the kid, "we can do a better job than that. Spetling of Society Hill, nor anyone else has seen
Agreed, Moon?" Sperling.

: - ; F ~ Police have not yet ruled out foul play in the young
The soldier nodded. "For certain. Shall I start things off?" man's dist ha cowl ath pai?

& wi bedroom was, found ope. on the night of his disap-
Please do. pearance. The elder Spering claims that no ransom
Cove ‘ " demands have been made, and furthermore states that"
Right." The heavyset man cracked his knuckles; the others winced at the sound. - he will spare no effort to recover his missing son.

"Son, let me tell you a little bit about who we arc." that his son was a well-mannered boy
who had-no énemies, and was well-liked by all who


"Nov, son, the first thing I have to tell you is what we are. We're what you'd call werewolves, Garou in our own parlance. Does that
explain a bit of what happened the other night? Somehow, I thought it might.

"Anyway, you can forget all that penny dreadful stuff you read about what werewolves are, and what they do, and whatnot. They're no
More accurate than the quarterlies you read about the frontier. We're not monsters, and we ain' the sort that gocs around wrecking cabins

and slaughtering homesteaders. Instead, we've got a mission — orders, if you will — and doing what we do is the only way to carry them
out.

5 Right now, you're probably feeling pretty sorry for yourself. You're thinking that your life is ruined, that you'll never see your folks
again, that you're going to spend the rest of your days on the run. You're thinking that what you've discovered about yourself is that
Ive been cursed.

fou've been given one of the greatest gifts that Gaia — or God, if that's what you want to call Her — can lay down on a mortal soul.
You've got the strength of a Samson, the knack of all sorts of magical trickeries, and the ability to talk to the spirits that are all around
Us. And at what cost? Not much of one, son, not much. At least, not much if you're a soldier.

"You see, if you think the War Between the States was something, well, you're in for a treat. What we're fighting for — and mind you,
son, this transcends Yank and Reb, Old Country and New, and maybe even white and Indian — is the world. We've been charged, sec,
with saving the world from something that wants to wreck it, sure as Sherman wrecked Georgia." Aaron coughed at that last.

"The whole world? That's impossible! I mean, how could anyone do anything to the entire world?" The kid was incredulous, but some
of the color had crept back into his pale cheeks.

"Did I say someone, boy? No. I said something. Hmmm...it looks like I've got to back it up a step of two.

"There are three powers in the world, son, with Gaia—"

"Think of Her as Mother Nature, and it'll go down easier," chimed in Learns-the-Old-Ways.

"—above them all," continued Moon. "But just below her are those three powers; we call them the Triat. There's the Weaver, who stands
for order. She weaves patterns into the ahi Then you've got the Wyld, which is the spirit of chaos — but in a good way, mind you. It's
Creativity, spontaneity — that sort of spark or fire you see in a good soldier's eyes. Finally there's the Wyrm, which is destruction.

"Now, the way things are supposed to work is that the Wyld dreams something up, the Weaver makes something useful out of it, and the

‘Wyrm gets rid of it when it isnt of use any more. Now, mind you, that's the way it's supposed to work. It doesn't work that way any
more.

"No one's real sure as to what happened, but I heard that the Weaver got a little bit out of control and tried to weave the Wyrm into her
doings. The Wyrm, being an ill-mannered sort at the best of times, didnt take kindly to this and resolved that it was going to

>* go out and wreck everything. And the Wyld, well, it wasn't paying much attention at the time. Come to think of it, I've never
Known a time when it did. ,

"So that's where we are right now. The Weavers trying to sew up the whole frontier, while the Wyrm's trying to wreck it all,
Tim not sure the Wyld's even noticed."


"I may be slow, sir, but I'm still not understanding you. You say a big worm's trying to cat the world? Well, | haven't seen too much of
things, but I haven't seen any giant worms in my travels, and you'll forgive me if I doubt that I ever will."

Moon sighed. "Son, I think you're misunderstanding me here, perhaps deliberately. The Wyrm — spelled with a "y," mind you — isa
spirit. An idea, sorta, but an idea that moves and thinks and eats all on its own. And while you're not going to sec that spirit out there
knocking down houses, you're going to see the things that get their marching orders from it. People who give in to greed or hate, lesser
spirits, but evil ones — we call ‘em Banes. Folks who get possessed by these Banes and turn into monsters — in the Old Country we'd
call ‘em fomori, after something out of legend, but around here they're called mockeries. And all these people and critters and things
half-way in between, well, they may think they're doing what they want to do, but every time they kill an honest man, or burn a
homestead, or poison a well, or kill a few thousand head of buffalo for no good reason and let the corpses rot, they're doing the Wyrm's
work for it. Now do you understand?"

Silent, the kid nodded. Almost as quietly, the stranger cleared his throat. "I think you've wandered a bit from the topic, Moon. Mind if
Tcut in?"

The soldier spread his hands in a gesture of surrender. "No offense taken. I'm not a storyteller, or even much of a reporter. Mind you, I
was there the day Meade had that fellow from the Richmond paper whipped out of camp, but that' another story."

"You were with Meade? And Grant?"the kid cut in. "Oh, I'd love to hear about that!"
"Well, I wasn't with Meade all that long—
"Moon." The stranger's voice cut across the soldier's like a whipcrack. "Your turn's done. Quict."

Caught in mid-sentence, Moon looked for all the world like a landed fish sucking ait "Of course, you're right, terribly sorry," was all
he managed to mutter before collapsing into a crestfallen silence.

The stranger smiled a thin-lipped smile. "Thank you kindly, Colonel. Now, if there are no further interruptions?" He looked around
the table. Learns-the-Old-Ways met his gaze with a challenge of her own; none of the rest looked up from the table. "Right. That's that,
then. Now, for a little practical learning."

"Now, kid, you've got some of the basics under your belt. It's my job to give you the rest of them, because Moon cant keep his stories
straight," said the stranger. There was a choked cough from across the table, but nothing more. "There are rules and regs to what we are,
and yall have to learn them afore we turn you loose. Otherwise we're just sending you out to your death, and I don't want your ghost
haunting me none."

> The Georgian cardsharp raised a wary eyebrow. "Strider? Should have guessed. Your kind does s0 love playing cryptic."

"Yep. Silent Strider. You have a problem with that? Didnt think so. Now, first order of business is to let the kid know what in
Srttion that means." The lawman swiveled his gaze; fixed it on the kid again. "Kid, first thing you have to learn about being Garou is
that we aint all the same. We're broken down into tribes, same as the Indians. A long time ago we sort of split up according to our
special feclings and interests and whatnot, and more or less broke ourselves down into 13 tribes."

"Sixteen," interjected Learns-the-Old-Ways. "Give him the full story."

The stranger tipped his hat. "Sixteen it is. Sorry, ma'am. Anyway, we broke down into 16 tribes, though two or three of ‘em are gone now.
Now, cach tribes got its own little piece of the pic, its own little specialty. My kind, the Silent Striders, well, we're wanderers. Go from
place to place, can‘ really settle down. We tend to carry messages and news a lot, things like that. ‘Course, there are a few other things

about bein' a Strider, like the fact that you generally get ghosts on you like fleas on a dog, but that's all part of the territory." For a
second, he glanced down at the patch where his badge had been. "Its a tradeoff, I guess. But it's the way it is."

"In any case, we're not the only tribe out there. There's the Fianna, who're mostly Irish and whatnot, and who usually" — he shot a
significant glance at Moon — "usually tell the best stories; the Bone Gnawers, who're really sort of the scum o' the earth, but at least
don't whine about it much; the Iron Riders, who're a little too tight in with the Weaver if'n you ask me; and so on."

"Black Furies, Bone Gnawers, Red Talons, Iron Riders, Fianna, Shadow Lords, Silent Striders, Stargazers, Silver Fangs, Get of Fenris
and Children of Gaia." The dancer's tone was clipped and terse. "Each with its own little...quirks, pecadilloes, nasty habits."

"But that's just II," the kid protested. "You said 16 or 13, not II."
Aaron's head whipped around, a surprised expression on his face. "That's fast counting. Good with numbers, are you, kid?"
The kid just shrugged. "I didn't think it was anything big. Just counting, that's all."

The cardsharp pursed his lips. "You know, kid, if you are good with numbers | just might have a proposition for you when this game
breaks up."

"Really? Well, | only worked in my father's offices for two years, but he did say that—" A withering glance from Janice and an unsubtle
"Harumph" from Moon were sufficient to wind the kids enthusiasm down to silence.

The ex-lawman sighed and cocked an eyebrow at the kid. as if to say, "You finished yet?" When the kid nodded, shamefaced,


the Strider held his gaze for a long minute before continuing. "There's two other tribes walking around, but they're not real happy with
our kind. Call themselves "Pure Ones," for no good reason I can see, and they're born out of Indian and native wolf stock. They dont
much like our kind, not that I blame ‘em much, but th' way I see it, you can't stand in the way of progress. The Wendigo and the Uktena
— that's the names they've given themselves — dont so much see it that way. So that's the 13 who are still around."

"And the others? What happened to them?"

Aaron let out a bark of bitter laughter. "Dead, or worse, my boy. Dead or worse. I don't know all the stories, but | know enough. The way
T heard it, the Croatan — Pure like the Wendigo — sacrificed themselves a few centuries ago, and now they're just a howl and a
memory. Now, my understanding is that they did it to board up some -beast or other — if they could have seen what their lands are
now, well, I suspect that they might have changed their minds." Learns-the-Old-Ways shot the cardsharp a horrified glance, but the man
went on. "Oh, and mind you, all our kind cares about is the fact that Virginia Dare went missing too, but remember, it's the winners that
write the history books. Then there's the White Howlers. They went over to the other side, well, it must be nine or 10 centuries ago, but
who's counting? They're called Black Spiral Dancers now, and you should pray you never meet one, kid. If you think we're scary, well,
wait until you meet one of their kind."

"Not quite the way I'd have put it, but more or less the truth." The Silent Strider sighed heavily. "We're far from perfect. Gaia knows I
get reminded of that every night. But in any case, those are the tribes. Each tribe has its own particular sort o' humans — or wolves — it
associates with. That's right, kid, we come from both sides. Need to keep mixin' in human and wolf blood or things get kind of stale.

"Now, mind you, not everyone's got the touch. Stone back there, well, he's got the bloodlines for it, but the moon just never leaned down
and kissed him right. So instead he's what we call Kinfolk, same as your folks. We protect our Kinfolk, work with ‘em, have families
with ‘em, and even if Stone himself aint going to make the change, well, just maybe one of his kids will.

"Course, we sort of have to keep having families with wolf-kin or human-kin — dont turn your nose up at wolves, son. You run around
on four fect at the right time of year, you're going to find the notion pretty darn appealing. Dont believe me? You will. But where was 1?"

"Kinfolk," the dancer supplied with a smirk, "And that delicate talk the boy's father should have had with him years ago."

"Why thank you, Janice." The dancer flushed, and the lawman grinned. "We have to look outside the pack for mates, ‘cause you're simply
not allowed to look inside. One Garou wants to settle down with another, it's trouble, trouble of the worst kind. Kids get born all
twisted " and sterile; we call ‘em metis. And since being cruel to a cub is about the worst thing you can do, life ain‘ too easy on the
parents of the poor deformed cub, cither. So if you had any notions about rescuing Lrastie tt Wars from the evil nasty poker player
and riding off into the sunset with her, forget ‘em." A blush from the kid told the Strider he'd been on the mark.

"But why?" The kid's face was still brighter than Moon', though the red glow was slowly fading. "I mean, you want to raise the best
horses, you breed the best with the best. You want to have the best fighters, why not, err, umm...." He trailed off into silence and blushed

again.
"Cause that's the way it is, and that's the only reason, kid. There's no other way to say it. And that's another important lesson to learn
about being of our kind: You obey the rules, no matter how strange they seem. They're rules, after all, and that's part of the price you've

got to pay. Now, we've got all the rules down in something called the Litany, which you're going to set to learning. It's a song, really, but
someone's taken to writing it down these days, which makes it easier on new cubs like you.

"Anyway, the basic rules are as follows: Garou Shall not Mate with Garou, which I've just told you about; Combat the Wyrm Wherever it
Dwells and Whenever it Breeds, which strikes me as plain common sense—"

A loud, theatrical snore from Aaron cut across the Strider's lecture like a rusty bandsaw on steel. The Pinkerton stopped abruptly and
glared, but the cardsharp remained resolutely unimpressed. i

"If'n you don't mind, Aaron?"
"Hell, I don't mind. I'm just afraid you're going to bore your lost cub to death here. Do you really expect him to remember ‘

the whole damned Litany, or do you just like hearing the sound of your own voice, Silent Strider?"

There was a se seconds' worth of silent eternity as the two locked eyes, then suddenly the Pinkerton looked away. "Reckon you're
right, Aaron, We are givin' the kid a bit much. Still, mind if I finish up properly?"
?

‘Not at all." Walks-With-Stee! was magnanimous in victory.

uw kindly. Anyhow, there's a whole list of rules to the Litany. The last one, and one that's prolly th' most important here'n'
7 is this: Ye Shall Take no Action that Causes a Caern to be Violated. That's probably the hardest one to explain. Caerns are holy
laces, spots where we can get a little more in touch with Gaia. Stones built this place over one, actually. Used to be prague
Pure Ones, but when we came in, Stone took it over." There was a sharp intake of breath from the other side of the table. "That's the

‘teal reason this one-horse town gets so many Indian attacks. It's not the Comanche comin' in here, it's the Wendigo, and they want their
‘caern back."

_Learns-the-Old-Ways spat an obscenity. "You've stolen this caern? How dare you!"

The Silent Strider shrugged. "Either us or the railroad folks, and we figured that the locals didnt want no iron tracks over the spot. That
would have done wrecked it right good. So Stoney and I, and a few others, well, we snuck into a railroad camp one night and had a little
fun with their surveyin' maps. By the time they realized they'd built 20 miles in the wrong direction we'd started to put the town in place
oon og they couldn't come back this way nohow. ‘Sides, ifn we could take the cacrn away, it's not like they were holdin' it all that

$ your name, Strider?" The dancer's voice was ice.

pote Jot of ‘em. Which one you want?"

"The one you want on your stone, bastard."

"Well, my birth name was Lukas, but the one I've carned is Outruns-His-Mistakes."
"Not this one."

"Probably not," the Strider agreed. "However, can you wait until we're done here to kill Stoney and me? No matter what you think of us,
there's the boy to consider, and so far as | know, Stoney needs time to see to the disposition of his property all legal-like."

Before Learns-the-Old-Ways could reply, a howling, moaning wind screamed down the street outside of Stone'. Instantly all of the
Garou were on their feet, staring at the door. Outside, the horses whinnied in panic, their eyes wild. "There's laughter in that wind,"
Aaron muttered, and no one contradicted him.

"Banes riding it, most likely," said Moon. The other men nodded agreement, but Learns-the-Old-Ways shook her head. "No," she said
softly, "I dont smell any taint," even as the whistling of the wind rose to a fever pitch. None of the others heard her, though, as a dozen
tiny dust devils swirled down the street. Then, suddenly, it was gone. Dust settled to the ground as the half-heard laughter twisted off
into the distance.

"Hunh. Wonder what that was all about." Moon's confusion was almost comical. Slowly, they returned to their seats. "Later," the dancer
promised, and the ex-lawman simply nodded.

"So where were we?" Outruns-His-Mistakes said. "Tribes, Litany..."

"You were working your way into breeds, I think," replied the cardsharp. "The birds and the bees and where metis come from." The kid
blushed again and Lukas grimaced.


MBiman, you're a homid. You're born a wolf, like I'd wager Learns-the-Old-Ways was, you're
i pus breed. Both your folks are Garou, you're a metis. It's that simple. Now your breed dont stop
you from changing your skin and fraternizin' with the other kind. It's just kinda your startin' point. Mind
Se you, I've been told that your breed tends to influence your perspective on a few matters, but sceing as | aint ever
had no other perspective but my own, I don't know how true that might be."

"Truc cnough," said the lupus woman curtly. Lukas tipped his hat to her.

"I stand — or sit — corrected. Anyhow, I think I've talked enough, and taken enough guff from these fine folks. Why don't you take over, d
Aaron? Share your mind with the boy?" (

"T have no inclination to take over," Aaron said as he unwound himself, "secing as I have no particular love of hearing my own voice,
Still, sceing what a botch you're making of matters, I might as well educate the boy a little bit. After all, you two," and he waggled a
fong, thin finger at Moon and Lukas in a schoolmarm's gesture, "have been missing all of the important matters."


"Now, the first thing the others have forgot to mention, kid (and you're going to have to come up with something better than that, I'm
| afraid) is what an auspice is. Now, while the old stories are wrong and we dont change forms whenever the moon' full — which, I can
test, would get extremely inconvenient — we still have a powerful link with the moon. You see, the phase of the moon you were born
"Under determines your auspice, sort of a combination of your personality and your job description among the Garou. Think of it as being
ke a horoscope with one important difference: It's real.

‘Now Twas born under a new moon, which makes me a Ragabash." ("Never would have guessed," grumbled Moon.) "We Ragabash, we're
the tricksters of the Garou. Our job is to keep all the rest from taking themselves too damn seriously. Let me tell you, it's quite the job
times."

"Being Ragabash is also the rationale he uses for cheating at cards," drawled Lukas. As Aaron sputtered, the Silent Strider turned to the
others and winked. "Spring-loaded card hopper, right sleeve. Heard it click against the table as

en we all stood up before. Oh, its all
stop sputtering, Aaron. Secin' as you were plannin' on givin' it all back anyhow, ain't no one going to ask you for it, right? Get back
‘what you were talking ‘bout ‘fore the kid actually gets old enough to grow a beard."

an ait of wounded dignity that was almost catlike, the cardsharp folded his hands on the table. "Very well, Headmaster Lukas, may
ue the lesson?" As the Strider nodded, a humorless grin took possession of Aaron' face. "Very well. Now, there are other

es as well. Theurges are those born under the crescent moon. They're the seers and the madmen — not to mention madwomen — of

Carov. They're the ones who talk to spirits and sometimes even listen to them, and judging from the color of Lukas' complexion, I

We've just ascertained his auspice.

lext come the half-moons, the Philodox. They're the peacemakers of the Garou, which means that they're second to the Ragabash in

terms of how many peo le dislike them. You see, that's because we're an argumentative people, and we dont like compromise. It smacks
too much of surrender, T vould hazard.

"Then we have the Galliards, the fat-moon dancers. They're the singers, the entertainers, and, most importantly, the loremasters. They're
the ones who keep the Silver Record, the history of everything we ever did or were. They know the stories that dont go into the Record

as well, hence Janice's little threat carlier to embarrass me at the next moot. Being humiliated in front of every Garou in the vicinity is a
‘most potent threat indeed.

"And before you ask, a moot is a ritual meeting of Garou that your parents would probably describe as "primitive native rites" or some
such. That's not what they are, of course, but try explaining anything to a human and you get nowhere. Whit? Don' try to defend them.
For that matter, don't speak. You're here to listen.

"Last but not least, we've got the Ahrouns, the bully boys, the warriors, full-moon sign and full of themselves; they'll kill something as

soon as learn its name." Aaron turned to the soldier, who listened with grim amusement. "So, Billy Yank, you an Ahroun? Is that what
got you through the War of Northern Aggression?"

"Actually," Moon rumbled, "Not at afl. I'm Philodox, but ended up in the ranks anyway. However, the war is where I picked up this
limp: you'd think a cavalry man would have avoided such."

The ‘sharp snorted derisively. "That much I saw for myself, thank you. I'm just trying to figure how it could possibly have happened,"

"Quite simple, really. My brigade was on a foraging expedition and we came across a plantation house whose residents didnt particularly

want to be foraged. Mind you, they had no lead for bullets, but they were resourceful people, and had melted down their silverware to
make bullets."

"A-ha! It's all clear. Shot in the thigh with the silver, I take it?" The soldier nodded even as Aaron turned to the kid. "Thats.
something else Lukas had neglected to mention. We can heal most any wound, given enough time and energy, but silver —
abh, silver does unpleasant things to us. Stay far, far from it if you can, which, knowing the little of you I do, I doubt you


"Heal any wound? That's incredible!" The kid's face was a
study in disbelief.

"Not any wound, kid. If I rip your throat out, you're
not going to heal before you choke on your own blood.
On the other hand, I've bed the signal honor of being
shot 14 times in a single day and I dont even bear a scar to
prove it."

"Fourteen times? Nobody could live through that. You've got
to be lying."

The cardsharp's bantering tone vanished, replaced by a clipped and
vengeful monotone. "Be very careful about who you call a fir without
proof, kid. It's a very good way to find yourself very dead. And yes, I
was shot 14 times in a single day. The circumstances were very simple:
There was a Pullman car full of men who wanted me dead, and who were
planning on killing me as soon as our train had gotten far enough from the
station. I got wind of this and went to remonstrate with them as to the
inadvisability of their plan. They pulled guns, and I killed them."

"Killed them?"

"Every last one, and with my bare hands. Mind you, I had to disconnect the
Pullman from the rest of the train, topple it from the rails and set it on fire to hide
the evidence, but I can give you the names of the line, the company, the train and every
single man who was in that car — if you doubt my word."

The kid looked up soberly. "No, sit," was all he said.

Abruptly, Walks-With-Steel sat bolt upright. "Wait a minute. Ragabash, Philodox, Galliard, Theurge—hellfire and damnation, kid, what
moon were you born under. No, you were too busy getting born to notice. What was your birthday?" As the kid stammered it out, Aaron
turned to the bartender. "Stoney, get out your almanac. Tell me what sign this kid was born under, and I'll bet you my entire tab it' full
moon.

"No bet," said the bartender even as he started flipping through a dog-cared almanac. "I cant afford to lose that much eta There was
silence for a minute, and then the heavy sound of the book hitting the counter. "You're right, Aaron. Full moon. What the cll is wrong

with you?"

The last was said in a tone of half-worry, half-anger, for the Ragabash had collapsed in a convulsive fit of laughter. "Oh, this is simply too ma
rich. Take me home and cafl me a carpetbagger, but it's all a setup!"

"What is?" asked Moon, frowning.
"Why, this whole thing, this game, this mecting, everything. The kid's our Ahroun, cant you sec? Gaia, in her infinite wisdom, has

reached down, found the five least compatible Garou on the entire frontier, and decided to make a pack out of us. And with the
scrawniest Ahroun the world's ever seen! It's priceless!"

"I'm not so sure about that," interjected Learns-the-Old-Ways. "There's a long way to go before I'll join a pack with Lukas there in it.
But that's neither here nor there; there's still a lot left to tell the kid before sundown."


What ns at
lt the kid
. "Do we —
all...change...or whatever it is, then?"
With some satisfaction, Learns-the-Old-Ways noted that the "Mj.
Kid seemed to have regained his composure. He actually was
pking the whole matter rather well; ize might even be some hope
tor him.

"No, pe et a meeting with some folks at sundown. But as for the other matter, well, no, we more or less control when we change.
‘We've cach got five forms, and you can pick and chose which one you want to be in. Mind you, cach has its ups and downs, and we'd
better get your clothes and gear attuned to you."

"What happens if we don't?"

"Well, then the next time you change you're going to rip through all your clothes, and when you try to swap back you're going to find
Per buck naked and freezing your privates off. Clothes out here are expensive, too — you don't want to be replacing them too often."
he kid turned beet-red yet again, probably at the thought of Learns-the-Olld-Ways seeing him naked. She sighed. Odds were the kid's

modesty wouldn't last too long out here. "But the clothes aren' the issue," she continued. "The forms are. You know Homid and Lupus
— human and wolf — already, { think. The ones in between are mostly built for fighting, but the real war form is Crinos. Nine fect tall
and as subtle as a stampede — kid, you should only take Crinos form when you have to kill someone or something. Normal humans'
minds just ain't strong cnough to take the idea that there are folks like us out there. So if a human sees a critter of this nature, his mind
just tells him he sees fang different. He may remember seeing a big hombre, but not a werewolf."

"So is that it?" the kid asked. "That's all there is to this? Go out and find Wyrm-things, or whatever they are, and beat them up?"

Learns-the-Old-Ways laughed. "Hardly. You haven't learned anything about spirits or totems or the Umbra. The first thing you have to
understand is that everythings got a spirit to it. Trees, rocks, animals, emotions — they've all got spirits. If you play your cards right, you
can talk to those spirits, maybe learn things from them, maybe get them to help you. If you're real lucky, you can talk one into taking up
residence in an obyect for a while; we call that a fetish, and it's something powerful to have. Don't expect to get your paws on one for
years, kid — but its important that you know they're out there, so that when you see an Oglala shaman call lightning down with a stick,
you know what's actually going on.

"Now, some spirits have a bit more affinity for our kind than others, and some more power than others. There are a few who take a
special interest in us, and help out from time to time. These spirits are our totems, and each pack gets adopted by one.

"That's not to say the spirits do all this out of the goodness of their hearts. You have to bargain with them, and it's anyone's
guess what they'll want. A colored stone, a war-song — it could be anything. Spirits may not afl be that bright, but they're
sharp cnough when it comes to dealing.


"Another part of the Gare is Gifts. You get Gifts from your auspice, you get Gifts from your breed, from your tribe, and half the time
I think from your hair color. Totems give you other help, but you get your Gifts first and foremost from who you are, and you get them
starting with your Rite of Passage."

"Well, that's just great," said the kid, "but there's one thing missing here. What are Gifts?"

"Gifts are magic, more or less," said Learns-the-Old-Ways. "Special ways of doing things like purifying water or talking to spirits or
calling down storms or whistling up the wind. Depending upon who you are — no — more what you are, you get certain talents for doing
things. The Gifts you're offered, I suspect, are going to have to do with war and fighting. Its all part and parcel of being an Ahroun."

"That's wonderful to know," the kid said bitterly. "Any way of knowing what these Gifts are, or do I have to wait uatil Christmas?"

"You'll just know, kid. That's all I can tell you. A time will come when you'll need to know how to do something, something your brain
tells you is impossible, and somehow you'll just find a teacher who'll give you exactly what y'nced. It's what happened to me; I was lost
and near dying of thirst when I ran across Cenc ote, Had a full canteen, he did, but wouldnt offer me none uatil I'd learned
from him how to call the waters for myself." She smiled ruefully at the memory. "Took me damn near a day, and I near died ‘for I got it
right. And did the old bastard offer me a drink once? Not a one. Gaia bless ‘im for teachin' me, though."

"I guess I sec." The kid's face furrowed into a frown. "That doesn't mean | have to like it, though, does it?"

"Not at all," Learns-the-Old-Ways reassured him. "It's just like medicine. Now, for your last lesson: the Umbra. Just as this is the real
world, there's a spirit world. Actually, there are spirit worlds, but the one we deal with we call the Umbra. It's where the spirits dwell, and
it looks a lot like, well, a lot like this place to look like. I mean, if a place has been tainted by hate or fear, in the Umbra it looks
run-down and foul. Ifa place has been ordered and tamed, there'll be Weaver spirits all over it in the Umbra. They look like spiders,
mostly, and there'll be webs everywhere.

"And if a place has a caern in it, well, in the Umbra it shines. We call going into the Umbra "reaching," which is as good a name as any
for it. It cuts down on travel time, but it's not easy and it can be dangerous. That, among other reasons, is why I own a horse." She smiled
ruefully. "Not as natural-fecling, but it raises fewer questions."

"She's not telling you the whole story again, son." Moon interjected with a worried look on his face. "What she's talking about is the
Umbra back cast, and in the Old Country. Out here, well, the Umbra's different, fiercer. It's like there's a storm going on in there, and
that tells me that there's a storm about to break in the real world as well."

Learns-the-Old-Ways had a sour look on her face. "I There's something waking up out here, and the fact that it's tainted the Umbra
first tells us where it's coming from." Aaron raised a skeptical cyebrow at that, and ie glared at him. "It does. There's a spirit wala up
somewhere, a big one. That's what afl this means. I just wish I knew what or where, or anything." She slammed her fist onto the table,
but the sound was muffled by the green felt. Embarrassed, the entire company was silent for a moment. Off in the distance, there was a
rumble of something that could have been thunder, could have been a train.

"Anything else?" inquired Lukas. "Cause it looks like the day' getting tired, and I've got a funny feeling we should be gone when the sun
sets. Anyone looking for company on the trail tonight?"

"Let's ride out a bit and see what happens. I'm firmly convinced we're being thrown together for a reason, and every good card player
knows that Fate's not something you argue with." Aaron was already halfway out of the bar, a pile of money on the table behind him.
"For my tab, Stone. Keep the change against the next time." Behind him, Moon was limping toward the water trough.

"Learns-the-Olld-Ways? It would be a shame to kill me here and mess up Stone's place." The Strider's shaggy smile was winning, and the
Galliard found herself softening just a bit in spite of herself.

"Only as far as the trail turnoff. Gaia decides after that." And like that she was out the door, leaving only Stone, the Strider and the kid.

"So nie coming?" Lukas spoke softly. The kid nodded, hesitantly, as if unable to belicve that anyone actually wanted him along.
"Good. You're the focus of this whole thing anyway. By the way, you got a name? Calling you ‘kid' is going to get old, fast."
"Arthur," the kid said. "Call me Arthur."

"Arthur what?"

"Just Arthur. I haven't earned anything else yet."
Lukas slapped him on the hick. "Fair enough. C'mon, Arthu lets get out of here ‘fore Stoney gets sick of our faces. Later,

at

"Good luck," the bartender
called, quietly, after they were
gone.

Except for the sawmill
. snoring upstairs, the entire
town was quiet, and the red gleam of sunset turned the countertop into a pool of shining blood.
Without any fuss, Stone walked upstairs and knocked on the first door on the right. "Come in,
Stone," came the muffled response.

Stone creaked the door open. There was an Indian inside, garbed like Blackfoot Sioux, and he stood with his face pressed against the
window. The man was over 60 years old, his face lined and his hair silvered. He wore buckskins, and a rifle that showed signs of heavy
lise was propped to the side of his bed. On the table next to the bed was a lamp and a small leather pouch, knotted seven times with a
buffalo-leather thong.

"Nice work with the wind there, Grandfather. I appreciate your keeping them from killing one another in ay pe The man simply
nodded and continued to stare off after the retreating dust cloud. "o what did you think?" Stone pressed. "Will they do?"

The medicine man frowned. "I'm not sure. Much of what the boy learned was tainted, and I hope it doesnt stand in his way tonight
when Learns-the-Old-Ways takes him to meet my brothers and sisters. I wish she'd spoken more, and carliex"

"Tm more worried about Walks-With-Steel. He doesn't tend to think first. Plus, I hear Moon's got quite the reputation as an Indian
fighter, and I doubt that will go over well."

"He's a warrior, not a brute, and that counts for much. But, in the end, their fate is in their own hands, and the Great Spirits."

Stone frowned, less than satisfied. "If you don't mind me asking, Joseph, why are you doing this? Why'd you come all this way to set
this up, and why do you need five Old Country Garou to do this? Seems to me your own folks could do it even better, and with less
arguin'.

Joseph Crowfeather frowned. "If one of mine does what needs to be done, the others, they will say, ‘It's just a crazy Indian,' and they will
fight me and mine. They will do so out of reflex. Out of ignorance. They will say, ‘If the Indian is doing it, we must stop it,' and by the
time the fighting ends it will be too late.

"But, if | can train yours to do this for me, then when others see them, they will say, Those are our kind ripping up the railroad tracks.
Those are our kind driving the cattle away from the desecrated caerns. They must have a reason for what they are doing.' And they will
ask the Old Country Garou why they are doing these things, and they wilf explain, and the message will spread. And, if the message
spreads far enough, fast enough, perhaps we can still cage this thing, this spirit that is waking."

_» "don't know, Joseph. Seems like a big pile of hopin' on the shoulders of a real small boy."

"Ina dream, Coyote told me of his coming, and his destiny. Whatever else he may be, Coyote is not a liar, and Learns-the- :
Old-Ways is wise for one of yours. She may yet teach him some of that wisdom. Coyote told me there would be a price to)


ia and who would pay it. But Coyote also told me that the price is worth paying." Slowly, the old man lowered himself onto the
and closed his eyes. ‘In the end, it will have to do."

Quietly, Stone turned to go. At the door, he paused and looked back. "Grandfather Joseph? Don't mean to intrude, but you ever going to
Jet them know what's going on? Ever going to show them what they have to do?"

The old man's voice came out of the room's gathering shadows. "Not today. Perhaps tomorrow
they will be ready to hear the truth."

"But that's what y'said yesterday!"

"And tomorrow, today will be
oo . Think on that, Ezekiel
tone. Think on that." After that,
7 there was only silence, and the
distant sound of what the
bartender devoutly hoped was
thunder.

eS Were merely standin i
Mit ome oo ong tn oo et
si the Indian's Presence, and

he


O my brothers and sisters, my children and grandchildren, listen to me. I have walked
in strange places in my dreams, and I have seen terrible things. I have met with powerful
spirits, who showed me horrible visions of tomorrow, and of seasons not yet born. | tell
you now that these things are very important, and you must listen closely. The world is
going to change soon, like the weather, but the change may be forever.

I sing of a time when the Weaver will threaten to bind all of the People and all of the
land in her webs.

Where her gaze falls, her hollow-eyed children will swarm, and they will break mountains
with their woven thunder. The mountains and rocks will fly into the air, fall down in little
pieces, and the hollow-eyed ones will pick through the pieces to see what is to their liking.

She will spin powerful weapons for her children, and fill them full of Weaver-magic.

They will be tools with no spirits, yet they will spit death as surely as any fetish,
Her metal webs will stretch even into the physical world, and great Weaver-beasts will
run swiftly along the strands. She shall spin even into the sacred places, breaking them
and leaving them hollow.

‘eo She is coming = "GD

I have seen these things, and they make me afraid.
I sing of a time when the Wyrm will once again drag its stinking coils across the lands
we know as Pure.

Wherever its filthy scales touch, there will be sickness, and our families will weaken
and die from the strength of its poison. Spirits of plague will dance above dying tribes,
and not even the strongest of our kin will be safe.

Many men from afar will come with the Wyrm in their hearts and mouths. Their
tongues will be made of lies, and their bellies will always be empty; they will eat whatever
they can take, and it will never satisfy them, They will drink fire, and it will make them
ever thirsty, so they will drink even more. And the Wyrm in their mouths and under their
skins will touch the People, and the People will also hunger and thirst like dying men.

The Wyrm will come like a mad beast among the herd, and it will kill the animals and
leave their bodies to rot. There will be great heaps of bones and rotting meat, and the
people will have nothing to eat.


And when the Wyrm's hand tightens enough around the hearts of these strangers,
they will be filled with cruelty. They will run across the land with their long, long legs,
killing whoever they meet. They will be eaten up with greed, and they will kill. They
will be eaten up with hatred, and they will kill. The Wyrm will make a powerful and
terrible war against the people, and it will try to drive us into the waters and under the

mountains until we are gone. :

It is coming.

Ihave seen these things, and they make me afraid.

The worst of all things will also happen. The others, the long-vanished wolf-changers

who are like us and very much not like us, they will return. They will run with the
empty-bellied people and the evil people and the hollow-eyed people, and they will
fight the children of the Pure Lands. They will say that they are not of the Weaver or

the Wyrm, and yet they will blindly break the old seals and angrily fight us for our
sacred places. Only after many seasons will they see how foolish they have been, and
by then the Pure Lands will be no more. The land will be sick, and our people will be

hungry and cold.

CD Chey are coming. "CT

I have seen these things, and they make me afraid.
Listen to me and do not forget my words, O my tribes and people. The Wyrm is
coming, and he brings his people. The Weaver is coming, and she brings her people.
They come to slay the Wyld, and even I cannot say whether they shall succeed.

CED J am afraid; J can see no more. LT)

— The Lament of Voice-of-Winter, last Theurge of the Croatan

So these are the words that have been given to me by my parents, and that they
heard from their parents, and that were spoken by Middle Brother in his last breath. I
see your eyes shine; you hear the words and you know Middle Brother spoke true. The

hollow-eyed people have come, and their Garou families have come with them. They
kill the buffalo and steal the caerns, and we have not the numbers to fight them.
We are strong, but too few. We must be wise as well. I do not know if all these
strangers are evil; perhaps too many are like foolish children, who do as they like
because they have learned no better.

I will see if they hear the voice of the Land. If they do, then they must be told to
behave, or else our Mother will take sick from their strange illnesses, and the End
Times will be upon us. If they do not listen, then surely we must fight them until they
are driven back over the waters or are dead, for the Mother cannot tolerate their harsh
hands. | will offer them peace if they will have it. If not, then I will give them war until
the stars fall from the sky.

— Proud Speaker, Uktena Galliard



é

Lon

Stoné ave' Reached Laramie! }

Safely Stop Great Things Are stirring Under The —

(Here Stop Have Found Taint @n Mines And Poison Z

pop BefYiended Pure One Hamed Proud ail

oe
peaker Stop He Ie, Taking Me Further Westestop
Love You Stop Isaiah Stop 2:


This is the West. Things are different out here. There's only
one rule — winner take all. And I intend to take it.

— Styles, Tall Tale

Welcome to a place where the frontier's split wide open,
where danger is as common as tumbleweed and as unfathom-
able as a spirit that devours thunderstorms to feed itself. It's a
time of war, a place of conflict. This isa place where Death runs
by night on four swift legs, a place of fire and steel and silver.
It's scene out of a tall tale, and yet it's a land easily lost in the
shadows of an emerging nation. Welcome to the Savage West.

Werewolf: The Wild West is a game of storytelling; agame
about mystique and wonder, visceral action and intense spiri-
tuality. It's a game that allows you to spin great tales of glory,
loss, horror and triumph. If you haven't done this sort of thing
before, don't worry — it will come naturally soon enough.

The setting for this game is the Savage West, a blend of

primordial horror and genuine historical action. The

& Wild West of the World of Darkness mirrors our own,

but is filled with brutal monsters that slip between the frontier
towns at night. Here conflict and savagery ride side by side with
spirituality and mysticism. There are few proper "good guys" as
we know them— even the heroes of this time, the werewolves,
are monsters themselves. But even though they're supernatural
terrors in their own right, the Garou (for so they name
themselves) are also people, admittedly of a different sort. And
as terrible as they are, they face an impending catastrophe that
threatens to sweep across this dark frontier and devour every-
thing in its path. This is a place that's about to be consumed by
killing winds and metal monsters, and it'll be all the inhabit-
ants can do to keep their territory safe — if they can.

And you're invited to step inside the tales of the Savage
West as a player and participant.

Saddle‘up,

Chapter One: Introduction 25


SSS

ZLLPz

Storytelling

Storytelling is an ancient form of entertainment — and
even as such, it manages to be much more than simply a way
to while away the hours. It can convey information, polish
imaginations, and broaden horizons. The tall tales of any folk
culture say volumes about the people who tell them; that's
why they've always been worth repeating.

Storytelling, of course, comes in its highest form when we
all participate, not just listen. Are you content to simply hear
somebody else's tall tales, or read another man's dime novels
— or do you want to devise your own? Do you want to hear
the legends of the most terrible person (or thing) in
Utah, or do you want to take the title for
yourself? Do you want to hear about
the struggle on the frontier, or do
you want to put yourself there?

That's what this game is about.
Werewolf: The Wild West takes a
long look at old legends, and gives us.
all a chance to redefine them to suit
our own tastes, to tell our own stories
with these ancient archetypes. With
this game, you can look at your own
culture and yourself in a new context
— or you can, as the saying goes, walk
amile in another man's moccasins. Along
the way, you can see new things and
discover new perspectives, all in the
company of your friends. You might
just find it well worth your time.

=
Roleplaying
Evenso, this game isn't precisely 100%
storytelling, at least not by the usual
book definition. In most cases
of yarn-spinning, the tale-
teller knows how his story's
going to end. However,
Werewolf: The Wild West
deals in fluid plots and genu-
ine suspense — the final
outcome depends on your charac-
ters' actions, and is usually in
doubt. Just like improvisa-
tional theater, you have a
set to act on and foils to
react to — but you don't have a
script, and you make up the lines as you go along.
Not that roleplaying's all that difficult. Kids
do it all the time, tying towels around their necks
and acting out their super-deeds or miming gunfights. In
effect, by trying on someone else's shoes for a while, kids

exercise their imaginations and get a feel for just how many
possibilities the world has to offer. This game is just a more
sophisticated version. There are rules (so you know how
many bullets that bullyboy'll take before he falls over, and
so the events don't seem completely arbitrary) and a setting
(so everybody knows where the story is set, and can guess
where it might go). That's about it.

You can play Werewolf: The Wild West with as many
friends as you can pack around a table, but it tends to go
smoother with six or fewer players. This way, you still can
have a decent-sized social gathering, but it's small

enough that everyone can have their say.

The Storyteller

No game board in the world's big enough
or detailed enough to properly represent
the Savage West, the Storm Umbra, and
all their residents and features. Nota one.
The stage for this show has to be set in
your imagination, and the Storyteller is
the director and set designer.

Note that we didn't say
playwright — it's not the
Storyteller's job to put
words in the player
character's mouths. It's not
even her job to tell the charac-
ters where to go and what todo.
What she provides is a support-
ing cast, arunning (but flexible)
storyline and a set packed with
props. It's up to the players to
work out how the villain gets it in
the end (ifhe gets it at all), but they
obviously can't shoot him
with a gun that hasn't
been brought on stage
one way or another.
The Storyteller tells
the players what their
characters' surroundings
are, and describes what hap-
pens to the characters as a
result of what the players
say and do. The Story-
teller has the power to
judge whether a character
succeeds or fails, whether his
fortune's good or bad — even if circum-
stances call for him to die. The Storyteller
shapes the very world of the game:

not an idle undertaking, but about

as rewarding as you could ask.


Naturally, the best yardstick for measuring the quality of a
Storyteller is the enjoyment her players get out of the game.
That doesn't mean every story should have a happy ending,
but the tales her group spins should at least be good ones. To
this end, the Storyteller remains realistic, impartial and
creative; and if she's able to improvise at the drop of a hat, all
the better. What's more, she keeps an eye on internal logic
and consistency — the occasional outrageous coincidence
certainly preserves the flavor of the genre, but too much freak
chance and the story loses its plausibility, becoming less real
for everyone involved. The Storyteller sets the odds,
but doesn't deal from the bottom of the deck
(at least not without good reason).

So there you go. A Storyteller wears two
hats (at least): that of the judge, who inter-
prets and enforces the game rules to keep
things fair and flowing; also that of the nar-
rator, talespinner and entertainer. It sounds
like a hell of a juggling act at first, but this
book exists to help you out. In particular,
Chapter Three: Storytelling goes
into much more detail on the
Storyteller's various roles,
and offers advice on how
best to go about the job.

The Players ({-»)
Most of the gaming group are :
players, the ones who act out the

parts of the story's protago-
nists. Although they have
less work ahead of them,
they still have a responsibil-
ity to do what they can to
keep the game enjoyable.
Being a player involves taking
on the persona of a character, typi-
callyawerewolf,and then roleplaying
thatcharacter's reactions to herenvi-
ronment. Youpick where yourcharacter
goes, what she does, who she likes
and who she dislikes. What you
say, she says (unless you're
asking the Storyteller a
question or describing
her actions). The
more fully developed
her personality, the more
believable and fun she is to play.
Often, after describing the actions
"you" want to take, you must roll dice
(the ever-popular element of

© chance) to see if your character

successfully carries out those actions. Your character's Traits —
numeric descriptions of her strengths and weaknesses — dictate
how well she can perform certain actions. Actions are the basic
elements of Werewolf; they describe how characters affect their
environment and the story's course.

Just as in fiction and movies, the protagonists are the focus
of the story. They alter, direct and energize the plot's progress,
and often add new elements to the story. Players should feel
free to offer ideas for the betterment of the story, which the
Storyteller may adapt or reject as he sees fit. He may like your

suggestion that the familiar-looking ranch hand's

arelative of your character, or he may feel
that would hurt the story. Whatever's
most appropriate should be your guide.

Characters

We all have a multitude of different per-
sonality traits, some of which are frequently
dominant. A person uses a thousand voices, a
thousand facial expressions — all different,
but all still the same person. Your
characters are a literary variant of
this; they capture certain elements
of your personality, and logically
grow from there. Over the course
ofthegame, yourcharactersevolve
just as people do. They become bet-
ter, stronger people, or they change for
the worse; but just as in real life,
their experiences shape them.
Werewolf characters are
fairly easy to create; once you
have a fair idea of what you
want, it shouldn't take more
than half an hour to select the
appropriate Traits. However,
turningacollection of statistics intoa
living, breathingcharactergenerally takes
a bit more time and effort. Everything you
need to give your character life, that vivid
spark of authenticity, is already inside
you. All you need to do is tap it.
(Interestingly enough, most writ-
ers admit that their best-developed
characters often develop a life of
their own, and tend to write themselves.
Thiscan happen in roleplaying, too—a well-
defined charactercan wind updoingand saying
things that are perfectly appropriate for his
personality, but that the player didn't see coming at all! If this
happens to you, congratulations; when your character develops this
spark of life, the game becomes all the more exciting.)
Character creation is discussed in greater detail in Chapter Five.

Chapter One: Introduction a7


Endgame

So when does the game end, and who wins? Well, this is
pretty freeform; the game ends when appropriate, and there
aren't any clear-cut winners. The players aren't in competition
—far from it. Achieving the story's goals is usually only possible
if the players cooperate. Even if your character dies along the
way, you still haven't "lost," at least not if you had a good time.

If your character survives, and manages to improve his lot
(either through self-improvement or by successfully accom-
plishing any personal goals she has), then you're about as
close to winning as it gets. What's more, your pack earns
certain victories over the antagonists arrayed against you —
if you root out the vampire cult in the sleepy Arizona town
and destroy the bloodsucker in charge, you've "won" an-
other sort of victory. If he winds up controlling or killing the
entire pack, then the characters have certainly lost the
battle. Once more, packmates are encouraged to learn to
trust one another and work well together. A house divided
against itself cannot stand, especially in the Savage West.

What You Need

Werewolf: The Wild West was designed to be played
around a table. You don't need a board or cards — just this
tulebook, pencils, paper, character sheets (photocopy the
one in the back, or make your own) and dice. This game
calls for 10-sided dice, which you can find in any game store.
The Storyteller may also want to have paper on hand in
order to sketch out a setting or a rough map (making it easier
to describe places to the players), visual aids such as old
photos or daguerreotypes, and any other props that spring to
mind (poker decks, oil lamps, feathers — whatever makes
the experience more vivid for the group).

The Werewolf

Werewolves aren't easily described as humans that can
turn into wolves, or vice versa — they're something else
entirely. In human form, they look like you or me, but
they're different on a fundamental level. Half-mortal and
half-spirit, they call on mystical abilities that Gaia has
given only to her chosen children.

‘W Multiple Forms: A werewolf isn't limited to two forms;
he can walk as a man or wolf, as well as take more combat-
oriented shapes. Most terrible of these is the half-wolf,
half-human Crinos form, although the massive near-human
and dire wolf shapes are nearly as potent.

‘w Regeneration: Although werewolves can be cut, shot or
mangled; they supernaturally heal their injuries at incredible
speed (one Health Level per turn). Only wounds fatal to normal
humans can slow down a werewolf for long. However, wounds
caused by silver weapons, fire and the claws and teeth of their
own kind (or other supernatural beasts) are harder to heal.

ZLLLs

4

‘e Gifts: As messengers of the spirit world, werewolves
learn great supernatural powers that they call Gifts from
the spirits.

‘ Perception: All werewolves have the sharpened senses
of an animal; their hearing and smell are almost without
compare, particularly when in wolf form.

‘w The Delirium: The Crinos war-form floods humans
who view it with blind, instinctive terror. Nobody wants to
admit that such monsters exist, and most folks eventually
forget what exactly it was that they saw. Werewolves see this
selective amnesia, the Veil, as both a shield and a weapon —
many think nothing of killing or terrifying those humans who
become bothersome.

‘w Frenzy: Werewolves are practically the embodiment
of anger, particularly in a justified cause like the defense of
what's theirs. When their emotions get the better of them,
they practically go berserk, lashing out at whatever is in
their way. The tales of man-eating wolves attacking on the
full moon are usually spawned by these rages. A frenzied
Garou instinctively changes into her war-form, and forgets
everything about being human or even wolf — the demands
of her anger are all that matter.

Although a werewolf begins life as a human or wolf, she
soon finds out how different she truly is. This game deals with
what she and her kin do after this revelation; how they react
to the horrors lurking under the skin of the Savage West, and
who or what they choose to fight for. And fight they must, for
the storms boiling in the future aren't about to spare anyone.

Darkness in the West

The overall mood of Werewolf: The Wild West isn't
that of the old Saturday morning serials, with white hats and
unquestionably upstanding sheriffs. This fictional West is
one that could have happened, and that doesn't ignore the
atrocities that were a part of our own history. Here, inno-
cent women and children die at the ends of cavalry bayonets
or war hatchets. White men try everything short of geno-
cide (and sometimes even that) to take the lands they feel
are rightfully theirs, and the natives resist in whatever ways
they feel necessary. To make matters worse, there's trouble
coming on the spiritual front, trouble that normal men and
women don't stand a prayer against.

This is where the Garou come in. These warriors are ina
volatile atmosphere, one where compromise is almost never
an option, where treaties are more commonly broken than
upheld. And werewolves have the most sensitive hair trig-
gers of them all. A werewolf can explode at any minute,
possibly even slaughtering an entire mining town in a
berserk fury. All it takes is being pushed a little too far —
and in this rough atmosphere, such provocation comes easy.
The Garou are monsters, creatures that hunt and kill by
night. Anywhere they go, someone stands a good
chance of dying.

Werewolf: The Wild West


However, even werewolves overcome their taint of fury
and rise to become heroes, legends in their own right.
What's more, the characters are expected to do just that;
without the efforts of heroes, the state of the Savage West is
only going to become worse. Only through virtue, courage
and unity do the Garou stand a chance of survival. It's a lot
toask, and just about everything rides on whether the Garou
can meet the challenge or not.

Lexicon

Werewolves can instinctively communicate with wolves,
and most learn at least one or two human languages. How-
ever, Garou also have their own tongue, and even their own
jargon for specialized terms that don't arise in humanspeak
(at least with any degree of accuracy). The following lexicon
contains terms broadly used by most werewolves. The sheer
number of cultures the Garou exist in (or watched crumble)
contributes greatly to the etymological diversity of their
language. However, these terms are a key insight into how
werewolves define themselves.

Common Jargon

These words are commonly used by native and immigrant
werewolves alike.

Anchorhead: A spirit gate between the Middle Lands and
Heavens; see Membrane.

Apocalypse: The age of destruction, maybe even the end
of Gaia herself — a time that werewolves prophesy will come
when the Wyrm tries to swallow Gaia forever. Most Garou
feel this will be the final battle — and many look to the
ravages of the Storm Umbra as proof that the Apocalypse is
coming, if not already here.

Auspice: The phase of the moon under which a particu-
lar Garou is born; held to influence personality and sacred
duty. The auspices are: Ragabash (New Moon; Trickster),
Theurge (Crescent Moon; Seer), Philodox (Half Moon;
Judge), Galliard (Gibbous Moon; Moon Dancer), Ahroun
(Full Moon; Warrior).

Bane: A generic term for an evil, corrupt spirit; the Wyrm's
own offspring. The variety among Banes is astounding, and
they often have "breeds" of their own.

Bawn: A boundary area around a caern, where the Garou
keep a careful eye on local mortals.

Blight: Any corrupted area in either the spirit world or
physical reality.

Breed: The ancestry of a werewolf, whether wolf, human or
other Garou.

Caern: A sacred place, a meeting spot where the Garou
contact the spirit world.

Celestines: The greatest spirits; the closest things to
gods that werewolves acknowledge. Examples are

® Luna (the Moon) and Helios (the Sun).

Concolation: A great multitribal moot, called to discuss the
gravest and most wide-reaching concerns. Almost no
concolations have been called in the last century.

Concord, The: The agreementall the tribes reached nearly
9,000 years ago; the end of the Impergium. The traditions it
established are still obeyed today.

Crinos: The half-wolf, terrifying war-form of the Garou.

Deep Umbra: Another term for the Heavens.

Delirium: The madness that seizes humans unlucky enough
to see a werewolf in Crinos form.

Domain: A mini-Realm in the Middle Lands, usually con-
nected to a larger Realm in the Heavens.

Feral: Slang term for Lupus.

Gaffling: A simple spirit servant of a Jaggling, Incarna or
Celestine. Gafflings are rarely sentient.

Gaia: The universe, both physical and spiritual (usually when
referring to the beautiful portions); Mother Earth.

Garou: What many werewolves call themselves; sometimes
disdained as an unnecessary euphemism.

Gauntlet: The barrier between the physical world of Earth
and the spirit world of the Umbra. It is strongest around
technological, Weaver-ridden places, weakest around caerns
and in the heart of the wilds.

Heavens, The: The far-off realms of the Umbra; the lands
that lie outside the Membrane. Reality becomes less cohesive
the farther into the Heavens one travels.

Hispo: The huge dire wolf or near-wolf form of the Garou.

Homid: A Garou of human ancestry, sometimes a point of
disdain to lupus —e.g., "I never saw a homid that could follow
a track." When capitalized, refers to the human form all
werewolves may shapeshift into.

Impergium: The 3,000 years immediately following the
birth of agriculture, during which werewolves culled settle-
ments to keep human populations in check.

Incarna: Powerful spirits; weaker than the Celestines, but
still great spirits by any measure.

Jaggling: A spirit servant of an Incarna or Celestine.

Kenning: A form of howl with emotional subtext.

Kinfolk: Humans and wolves who are related to the Garou,
and who are resistant to the Delirium.

Klaive: A specially crafted fetish dagger or sword, usually of
great spiritual potency and usually made of silver.

Litany, The: The werewolves' traditional and ancient code
of laws.

Lupus: A werewolf born of wolf blood; when capitalized,
the wolf form all Garou may assume.

Membrane, The: The barrier between the Middle Lands
and Heavens; usually breachable only through the Membrane
or the Dream Zone.

Metis: The sterile, deformed and typically reviled offspring
of two werewolves.

Chapter One: Introduction 28


oR

Middle Lands: The spirit world surrounding the Gaia
Realm; also called the Near Umbra.

Mockeries: Bane-possessed humans or animals that gain
strange powers from their "benefactors," but are completely
corrupt.

Moon Bridge: A gate between two caerns; most often called
during moots.

Moot: A sept or tribal conclave called at a caern.

Mule: Slang for metis.

Near Umbra: See Middle Lands.

Pack: A small group of Garou socially and spiritually bound
to each other by ties of friendship or mission as opposed to
culture.

Penumbra: "Earth's shadow," the spirit world directly sur-
rounding the physical world; many, but not all, Penumbral
terrain features are the same.

Protectorate: The territory claimed and patrolled by a pack
or sept.

Pure Lands: The mostly native Garou term for the Ameri-
cas; refers to the belief that the Garou had banished the
Wyrm's influence from the land previous to the Europeans'
arrival.

Pure Ones: The Garou of the Pure Lands; the Croatan,
Uktena and Wendigo.

Realms: The worlds of "solid" reality within the Tellurian.
Earth is referred to as the Realm.

Sept: The small community of werewolves that lives near
and tends an individual caern.

Stepping Sideways: Entering the spirit world. Also Reaching.

Storm Eater, The: A great spirit, part Weaver and part
Wyrm, that devours the energies of the Wyld to feed itself.
Some see its awakening as a sign of the Apocalypse.

Tellurian: All of reality; generally used to refer to bad as
well as good.

Totem: A spirit joined toa pack or tribe and representative
of its inner nature. Tribal totems are Incarna, while pack
totems are Incarna avatars (usually about Jaggling-strength).

Triat, The: The Weaver, the Wyld and the Wyrm; the
trinity of primal cosmic forces.

Tribe: A larger community of werewolves, bound by a
common totem, similar lifestyles and often blood relations.

Umbra: The spirit world.

Veil, The: The amnesia that claims most people who fall
prey to the Delirium.

Ways, The: The traditions, lore and secrets of werewolf
society.

Weaver, The: The purest, greatest manifestation and sym-
bol of order and pattern. Its influence on Earth manifests in
logic, technology and most other forms of "progress."

Wyld, The: Manifestation and symbol of pure change,
chaos, creativity, metamorphosis and elemental force. Often
associated with the wilderness, and as such venerated by
werewolves.

Wyrm, The: Once the cosmic force of balance, now the
manifestation of entropy, corruption and decay. It feeds on and
spreads murder, desecration and pollution, among other evils.

Wyrmcomer: Uktena and Wendigo term for Europeans,
who the natives see as having brought the Wyrm to the Pure
Lands.

Wyrmhole: A locale that has been spiritually defiled by the
Wyrm; invariably a place of powerful corruption.

Slang

These terms are in favor with young Garou, who prefer
"plain speech" to fancy formality. Elders typically look on such
as disrespectful.

Ape: Slang for human or homid; uncommon among Pure
Ones. "Monkey" implies even more contempt.

Lone Wolf: A werewolf who has chosen or been forced to
leave Garou society, forfeiting all social standing and commu-
nal respect. The old form version is Ronin.

Run: A ritual hunt or revel that takes place at the conclu-
sion of a moot.

Sheep: Humans.

Storm Umbra: The wild and chaotic Penumbra of the
American West; also used to describe the areas in the Middle
Lands that have suffered from the Storm Eater's taint.

Throat: To best another in ritual combat; used as a verb.

Tick: One of many derogatory terms for vampires; here used
in the "worthless parasite that's hard to kill" sense. Other
common terms include Leech, Cadaver, Deadskin and Carcass.

Old Form
These terms were spoken in the oldest days and are kept
alive by lorekeepers; most display a distinct Fianna turn of
phrase. Werewolves use this "fancy-speak" only infrequently,
but virtually all know these words and their definitions.
Adren: A pupil or student who learns from a mentor.
Airts: The magical paths within the spirit world (Spirit
Tracks, Moon Paths, etc.).
Aisling: A journey into the spirit world; also, a visionquest.
Anamae: "Soul-friend"; most often a bond with a pack

totem.


Anruth: A Garou who travels from caern to caern but is bound to none
of them; a dangerous practice in the Savage West.

Athro: Teacher; mentor.

Brugh: Any sort of mystic place, whether caern, untouched
spiritual glade or even Wyrmhole.

Charach: A Garou who mates or has mated with another Garou; an
insult.

Chiminage: Offerings or services made to appease spirit instruc-
tors orallies; also, a term describing a request that a sept can make
of any Garou who uses its caern.

Cliath: A young Garou, not yet of any standing rank.

Fomori: Mockeries.

Fostern: Your pack brothers and sisters; a werewolf's
family by choice rather than blood.

Gallain: Kinfolk.

Harano: An enigmatic, almost supernatural depression
that claims some werewolves. Said to be mourning for the
Earth Mother's suffering.

-ikthya: "Of the Wyrm"; a suffix appended to a name.

Inceptor: A Garou who guides another through a rite;
more frequently called ritemaster.

Kinain: The family relationship among blood-related
werewolves; a term of endearment and pride, never used when
referring to metis.

Pericarp: The section of the Near Umbra around each
Realm.

Phoebe: An Incarna of Luna, representing the Moon.

Praenomen: A pack's totem spirit.

-thya: "Greater in station"; a suffix appended to a name.

Ronin: See Lone Wolf.

Urrah: Garou who hold too much to civilization and"
"progress"; also, the tainted ones.

-yuf: "Honored equal"; a suffix appended to a name.



Brothers — My people wish for peace;

the red men all wish for peace; but where the
white people are, there is no peace for them,
except it be on the bosom of our mother.

— Tecumseh, Shawnee ca. 1811

The Savage West

Unlimited potential, limitless dangers, the Savage West looms
larger than life. A land of sprawling plains, towering mountains
and vast, unfathomable canyons, it offers little mercy to the weak
and untold glory and renown to the strong and dedicated. In this
bold century of discovery and expansion, European and American
explorers brave the strange and forbidding wilderness. An inexo-
rable wave of settlers follows in their wake, claiming lands for their
homes and placing boundaries where none have been before.

"Manifest Destiny" becomes the cry as the onward rush of
civilization brings cities, railroads and armies in its wake.

The long-time inhabitants of the lands west of the Missis-
sippi watch this migration of pale-skinned strangers with
curiosity, at first, but soon find themselves driven from their
best hunting grounds and fertile fields. Their anger and outrage
grows, ultimately sparking a series of battles they cannot win
against foes who are too numerous, too well armed, and who

don't play by the natives' "civilized" rules.

In this era fraught with war — between humans and the
wilderness, settlers and natives and, most tragically, between
indigenous and immigrant Garou — another conflict rages,
one fought in both this and the spirit world, as a great and evil
spirit breaks free, ravaging all in its path.

Chapter Two: Setting 33


"This was once the Pure Lands. Back before any European set
foot on the Americas, the protectors of Gaia triumphed over the
Wyrm, binding its minions with a web of power anchored by the
might of their caerns. The Croatan, Uktena and Wendigo tribes
held the webs taut while exercising minimal interference with
the people and creatures under their watchful eye.

The coming of the Europeans changes that. The Croatan sacri-
ficed themselves to stop the Wyrm-creature knownas Eater-of-Souls,
imithell (eine ety, Erode tonice more to thestioresof ise Pure sade
by corrupted Hfiropeans, the Wyrm creates human agents whoseethe
with greed and arrogance. These seeds of corruption find fertile
ground in the colonists of the New World. The temptation to own
more, totake what they see and wrestle it intosubmission, drivesthem
across the continent. From the eastern seashore they surged toward
the Mississippi in the 18th century, and close the gap between the
Father of Waters and the mighty Pacific before the end of the 1800s.

The Wilderness

From the vast prairies that blanket the Midwest to the towering
ranges of the Rockies, the land west of the Mississippi has long
remained a wellspring of the Wyld. The stark, majestic beauty of the
Grand Canyon and the barren splendor of the Great Salt Desert
radiate with power from a closeness to the Umbra that has not yet
succumbed to the bindings of the Weaver or the encroachments of
the Wyrm. Along the western coast, the great Pacific crashes against
shoresbordered by sandy beachesand virgin forests. Few humans live
here, but those who do have come to terms with their natural
surroundings and attune their lives and
daily patterns to the spirit brothers
and sisters that
dwell all
around
them.

Native Americans

We gave up some of our country to the white men, thinking that then we
could have peace. We were mistaken. The white men would notlet us alone.

— Chief Joseph, Nez Perce

The descendants of the Pure Ones have prospered in the Pure
Lands, making their homesin the fertile prairies, following the great
herds of bison, and growing cor in the vast southwestern deserts.
Asearlyasthe 16th century, when the Spanish landed in California
and Mexico, the natives of western North America found their
lives changed by the introduction of horses, guns and Christianity.

Before 1830, numerous tribes of Native Americans made the
western half of North America their home. The Great Plains,
which encompass the land between the Mississippi and the Rocky
Mountain plateau, served as hunting grounds for the nomadic
plainstribes: the Pawnee, Blackfeet, Cheyenne, Kiowa, Comanche,
Osage, Oto, Sauk, Fox, Crow, Arapaho and Sioux. The NezPerce,
Paiute, Cayuse, Shoshone, Flathead and Utes dwelled throughout
the region formed by the Great Basin between the Sierra and
Rocky Mountains and the Columbia River plateau. Along the
Pacific coastal region of California, the Miwok, Chumash, Yokut,
Yurok, Hupa, Wyot, Tipai-Ipai, Gabrielino and other tribes were
already diminishing after two centuries of Spanish presence. In the
Southwest, the Hopi, Pima, Dineh (or
lived in the harsh desert lands and amid the rocky canyons north
of Mexico. Along the rainy, forested northwestern coast lived the
Tlingit, Tsimshian, Salish and other peoples.

By the end of the century, most of these tribes find them-
selves confined to reservations — some far from their native
homes. Decimated by diseases introduced by
contact with white settlers,


traders and soldiers, deprived of their hunting grounds and
farmlands, and angered by the lack of faith demonstrated by the
pale-skinned newcomers, some refuse to go quietly to their
appointed fate. Violent clashes between natives and settlers —
or, more often, with cavalry troops stationed along the frontier
to protect American interests — become frequent.

Waves of Exiles

By the early 1800s, the new U.S. government, eager to
expand its borders, adopts a general policy of opening up its
western boundaries for settlement and eventual incorporation
into the Union. The presence of native populations proves
troublesome and detrimental to expansion. Despite the treaties
that guarantee the sanctity of native homelands, the govern-
ment begins the general relocation of the native peoples to lands
west of the Mississippi. In the most infamous of these mass
relocations, the Trail of Tears, the U.S. government exiles the
vast majority of Cherokee from their southeastern home, reset-
tling them in Indian Terr' *ry, the future Oklahoma.

Unfortunately for the newcomers, their new homes are not
uninhabited. Otherexiles, including their formerneigh-
bors, the Choctaw and Creeks, have preceded

them. But even before them, there were

other tribes that lived on the
lands" given" by the

U.S. govern-

ment to its a
deportees.

Wolves

Unaware of the doom that lies before them, wolves flourish
in the lands west of the Mississippi. The abundance of herd
animals and other game provides ample food for the packs of red
and gray wolves which, along with the mountain lion and
coyote, maintain the balance between predator and prey. Viewed
as fellow predators by the native tribes, wolves are rarely hunted.
Indeed, many tribes hold the wolf as one of their sacred or totem
animals, and in some cases as a messenger from the Great Spirit.

They are not wrong in their assessment, for many of the
strongest wolves are Kinfolk of Gaia's spirits-made-flesh, the
Garou. Cherished for their strength, endurance, loyalty and
cunning, these special wolves form the backbone of the lupus
(or wolf-born) strain of the Wendigo and Uktena.

With the coming of ranchers and sheep farmers, the exist-
ence of roving packs of wolves becomes a liability to the
economy of the booming livestock industry. Wolves recognize
no boundaries, fences do not stop them, and cattle and sheep

seem no different to them than the

bison or antelope that serve as
their natural prey. Wher-
everlivestock becomes

an important

business, the
wolves
are soon
hunted
to near-
extinction.


SS

Te RS

The Cities and Civilization

Asearlyas the 16th century, Spanish explorers and conquis-
tadors made their presence felt in California, Mexico and the
Southwest. Spaniards established settlements and missions for
the dual purpose of funneling wealth and resources to Spain and
for converting the native populations to the worship of Christ.
In 1803, the Louisiana Purchase opened the lands west of the
Mississippi to westward expansion by the new government of
the United States of America, compelling others to brave the
unknown territory that beckoned from the far shores of the
great river that divides the continent. The Lewis and Clark
expedition blazed the trail across the newly acquired lands, and
it reo~hed the Pacific in 1805. By 1830, the move west by
settlersand homesteaders heralds the onset of a wave of
settlements that soon link the bustling cities of the eastern
United States with the boom towns, mining communities and
frontier towns of the West.

During the next 60 years, pioneers transform the face of
the land and displace the Native American tribes who dwell
there. The coming of the railroad, transcontinental tele-
graph, the discovery of gold in California and the Range Wars
that pit sheep farmers and cattle ranchers against each other
in a vicious battle for grazing rights leave little room for the
people and the creatures who were there first. Backed by the
U.S. Cavalry and a network of forts, homesteaders and
ranchers, entrepreneurs and prospectors, missionaries and
educators spread across the land. Where they go, towns and
settlements soon arise.

Missionaries, Homesteaders
and Prospectors

Jim Bowie lay dying, his blood and his powder run dry

But his knife had him ready to take him a few in reply

Ah, young Davy Crockett lay laughin' and dyin'

The blood and the sweat in his eye

For Texas and freedom a man was more willin' to die

— Donovan Leitch, "The Alamo"

The westward expansion by settlers and immigrants in-
cludes a wide range of people, each with his own motivations
for claiming the unknown wilderness for his mother country
or for himself. The Spanish establish missions, forts and
colonies along the California coast and in Mexico, south of
the Rio Grande. Their cities, however, remain small and
serve primarily as trading posts and bases for their military
presence. After the war that transfers Spanish lands in Cali-
fornia and north of Mexico to the United States, the western
coast beckons to hardy American settlers. The discovery of
gold in 1849 transforms the town of San Francisco into a
major city almost overnight.

In Texas, a growing dissatisfaction with the Mexican
government (or lack thereof) sparks a war between Texas
and Mexico that results ina brief period of independence for

Texas. By 1853, the United States has nearly solidified its
hold on the lands west of the Mississippi. America's borders
now stretch from the Atlantic to the Pacific.

The temptation of cheap land, bountiful and fertile,
proves irresistible. The growing population in the East
demands ever greater quantities of food, and the newly
acquired prairies seem ideal for grain and livestock. Cattle
ranching, already established by the Spanish in the south-
west, grows into a major business. Other livestock farmers
see the opportunity to raise sheep for wool and mutton. The
Range Wars escalate between the cattle ranchers, who need
the open range for their mobile herds, and the sheep ranch-
ers, who rely on fenced-in pastures.

Many see this time as one of fiscal opportunity, and seize
the chance to make their fortunes. Some, blessed with capital
and backed by the interests of the East, settle in the growing
cities of San Francisco, Los Angeles, Santa Fe and Houston.
The Gold Rush brings waves of hopeful prospectors, land
speculators and fortune hunters to California. In their wake
come the necessary "support" industries to help these new
investors spend their windfalls: saloons, banks and gambling
halls. Soon the West develops a reputation as a land of
gamblers and show girls, gunslingers and lawmen. The native
peoples, where they still maintain a visible presence among a
sea of white faces, are relegated to the status of curiosities and
local color, giving rise to many stereotypes — among them,
that of the "cigar-store Indian."

The Telegraph

Following the trails blazed by the pioneers and later by the
Pony Express, a new kind of trail stretches across 3,000 miles
of skyline from New York to San Francisco in 1861. This
single, fragile wire opens the door to rapid communication
between the civilized East and the expanding West. Before
the telegraph, news from the East can take four months to
reach California. The Pony Express can get the mail through
in a few weeks — provided riders avoid any hazards along the
way. With the opening of the first transcontinental telegraph,
information flashes across the breadth of the country in mere
minutes. Suddenly, the West is no longer an isolated enclave,
but a part of continent-wide America.

In the wake of lumbering wagons piled with surveyors'
tools, poles and wires, over 27,000 wooden poles tower
across the plains, mountains and deserts, strung with iron
wire, cutting a swath of strangely bare-looking "trees"
across the landscape. The humming electrified wires spook
animals, with the exception of bison, who find the poles
convenient scratching posts and often send them crashing
to the ground.

Many of the Plains Indians are initially highly suspicious of
the telegraph wire, due to the builders' penchant foradmin-
istering electrical shocks to them when they approach

and ask what it is. Told that it isa great beast that eats *

Werewolf: The Wild West


lightning, many Garou Kinfolk carry the story back to their
Uktenaand Wendigo brethren. Though many donot believe the
wire isa living beast, they certainly recognize itasa manifestation
of the Weaver's unwanted presence fouling lands already reeling
from European invasion. While the native tribes eventually
realize that the rapid communication made possible by the
telegraph helps their enemies plan military campaigns against
themand begin cutting wires todisruptsuch plans, the werewolves
pull down poles and break wires in an attempt to limit the
Weaver's passage through their lands. They will soon have to
face a far worse incursion, however, as the iron tracks of the
railroad are laid, cutting through hunting and burial grounds,
tunneling through mountains and eroding caerns, gripping the
land firmly in the Weaver's cold, rigid grasp.

OMY,

The Coming of the Railroad
I've been working on the railroad, all the live-long day
I've been working on the railroad, just to pass the time away

— traditional work song

The need to establish swift cross-country travel and communica-
tiongivesrise tothestagecoach, which carries both mail and passengers
from St. Louis, Chicago and other eastem cities across the continent.
For two years, the Pony Express provides rapid mail delivery, and the
telegraph takes over in 1861. In 1863, a new project begins: the
construction ofa transcontinental railroad. By 1869, a road of iron rails
stretches across the West. By 1883, a network of railroads links the
westem coast of the United States to points east, south and north. Prior
totherailroad, travelers endure weeks ina jolting stagecoach, cross the

MINORITIES In THE West

Despite what the average Western depicts, white Christian males aren't the only people of
importance in the West, nor do they represent the lion's share of homid Garou. Blacks, Chinese,
Indians, Jews, Mormons, women in general, and other "minority" groups figure prominently in the
struggle to pioneer and survive in the Wild West.

Chinese physicians practice acupuncture and herbal healing. Though patronized almost exclusively
by their countrymen, they represent some of the more advanced medical practitioners in the cities of
California and along the railroad line. Various religious communities fleeing persecution move to the
West, among them the Mormons, who settle in Utah, and the Jews who bring a passion for education
and higher learning that opens the West to greater diversity and better schooling.

Free blacks (and later, escaped slaves or newly freed ones) make up a significant portion of the pioneers
and homesteaders seeking a better life and land to call their own. According to a Spanish census, people
of African descent comprised 18% of California's population by 1800. The black soldiers of the 9th and
10th Cavalry, called "buffalo soldiers" by the Indians because their curly hair reminds them of the curly
pelts of the bison, serve in some of the roughest areas of the frontier, hunting down desperadoes and bandits
and attempting to establish law in a lawless land. A born leader, ex-slave Benjamin Singleton engineers
the Exodus of 1879 which brings over 40,000 black pioneers up the Mississippi tosettle in the western lands.
Many blacks become cowboys, making up approximately 25% of those tough range riders.

Despite the limitations imposed upon them by social mores and legal restrictions, women fill as many
(if not more) positions as do men. Stagecoach driver Charlotte "Charley" Parkhurst, disguising herself as
a man, votes in state and federal elections, exercising a privilege available only to males. Annie Oakley,
ace shooterand rodeo star, makesa name for herself proving thata keen eye, a firm hand and askillful trigger
finger know no gender. Besides filling the expected positions of frontier wives, mothers, school teachers,
saloon or dance-hall girls and missionaries, women also join the ranks of prospectors, miners, healers,
ranchers, business owners and outlaws. Among native tribes, older women are valued as counselors and
wisdom keepers. Some tribes allow women to vote in tribal affairs and to own homes and livestock.


fever-inducing Isthmus of Panama or sail for months around South
. America's tip to reach the West. The Pacific Railroad Act of 1862
enables the building of the rail lines, granting the builders 6400
acres per mile along alternating sides of the tracks. The builders

"+ promptly sell this land to settlers to raise additional money.

" Workers begin laying tracks from both East and West, intend-
ing to meet somewhere in the middle. Work continues despite
detours and loss of manpower necessitated by the Civil War. In

1865, more than 12,000 Chinese workers are brought over to lay
the rails. Stargazers and Iron Riders follow their Kinfolk. Explosives
blast trails through the lofty redwoods, into mountain sides,
and sometimes, through them. Tunnels as long as 490 feet
are hollowed through solid granite mountains too high to
cross; where the builders figure the mountain gapsaren't toosteep,
they lay the tracks upward and through. Trestle bridges, some as long as 800
feet and 120 feet high, span gaps or rivers, anchored to either end and to
pylons that snag trees and sometimes change the course of rivers due to
buildup. Miles and miles of hand-hewn wooden tiesstretch across the great flat
deserts and prairies, forming straight wood and iron roadway stretching to the
horizon. In order to cross through the western mountains, an unheard-of
engineering feat is undertaken, and the iron road rises 3800 feet in only 39 miles.

As the rail lines lengthen, they bring along "hell-on-wheels" towns such as

Cheyenne and Reno. These pestilential boom towns feature saloons, opium dens,

brothels, dance hallsand gambling parlors, all designed for the fun-starved railroad
workers and the thieves, cardsharps and prostitutes who trail in the train workers'

wake. Murder, theft and mayhem become the order of the day. Reveling amid
the debauchery and easy pickings, the Bone Gnawers find a home.

In May, 1869, East meets West at Promontory Summit. The final spike
rings out asa man hammers it into the track and the transcontinental railway
becomes a reality. This is the death knell to the Plains Indians' way of
life. Even the Wendigo caerns are compromised and their Kinfolk

are left to starve when the bison are eradicated by professional
buffalo hunters (who take the skins and leave the meat to rot) and
joy-riders who shoot from the windows of the moving trains. The
Wendigo must bow to the inevitable, accompanying their
people into exile on reservations or fleeing to the high mountains
to continue sporadic raids against the interlopers.

The Time Period

It is not by speeches and resolutions that the great questions of the time
are decided. ..but by iron and blood.
¢ —Bismarck, September 1862
. Beyond the romantic myths of the noble Indians, bold cavalry
officers, stalwart pioneers, sinister gunslingers and glamorous
outlaws, the reality of the six decades between 1830 and 1890
"pt, tells the epic tale of opposing forces brought into unrelenting
s+ conflict. As Western civilization carves its way across the
: American continent, an older civilization struggles
= ; — desperately —and unsuccessfully — to survive.
Whether filled with expectations of
a new beginning, possessed of a
desire for the untold riches
that lie west of the Mis-
sissippi, consumed


|

witha lust for adventure or driven to escape the crowded confines
back east, the tide of settlers, homesteaders, entrepreneurs and
fortuneseekers who trek across the continent—dragging "progress"
in their wake—leave nothing they touch unchanged. Werewolves
run with them, either as protectors of Kinfolk and human flocks,
or as Lone Wolves seeking a place for themselves. These Garou
bring their own outlooks and prejudices with them, setting
themselves up for an adversarial relationship with the native
skinchangers. The native human population views the newcom-
ersat first with equanimity, but later, to their growing dismay and
anger, understand the danger these strangers present. The Uktena
and Wendigo greet their European cousins with mixed feelings,
but outright war between werewolves doesn't erupt until the
threat to the Pure Lands becomes all too apparent.

Farmers' plows, builders' tools and hunters' and soldiers'
guns — all transform the landscape. The "taming" of the
wilderness relegates native populations to reservations or con-
demns them to extinction, to drown beneath the inexorable
wave of westward-bound civilization. Even worse, Garou caerns
and protective wards are stolen, abandoned or destroyed. This
frees uncontrollable forces of the Wyrm and the Wyld, that
twist the Penumbra into the Storm, spreading a new brand of
chaos to the Savage West.

=
Changing Breeds

A few other shapeshifting breeds inhabit the American West,
quietly coexisting in a tenuous truce with the Garou. In the early
days of the world, the Garou battled other Changing Breeds in a
bloody conflict over rights to the title of Gaia's chosen people. The
Garou emerged triumphant, but their victory left deep scars in
the minds of the other shapeshifters, making them reluctant to
trust or work with the victors. Many shapeshifters withdrew from
active participation in the affairs of the material world.

When the European Garou first landed on American soil, a
second, shorter War of Rage slew many of the indigenous
shapeshifters. The Uktena, Croatan and Wendigo refused to aid
their foreign Garou cousins in this war, but the damage was done.

Legends of these Wars of Rage, etched into the memories of
the Children of Bear, Coyote, Raven and Cat, continue to
prevent outright alliances between the other Changing Breeds
and the Garou. The native humans see all of these animals as
powerful manifestations of the spirit world and honor them as
totems and messengers from the unseen world. For their part,
these rarely seen skinchangers quietly maintain their own Kin
among the natives and avoid the werewolves. Even the Uktena
and Wendigosee little of the Gurahl, Nuwisha, Corax and Bastet
these days; the wounds are still too painful.

Though natives hunt and utilize animal skins and meat, they
do so sparingly and with reverence for the gifts thus given. The
arrival of the Europeans, who see profit in the abundant wildlife

for its skins (and occasionally, meat) puts the Changing
Breeds under attack again as they see their Kinfolk fall
i in lesele to the nine anal erates Gb the himiter

Garou Society

Death's couriers, Fame and Honour, call

Us to the field again.

— Robert Cunninghame-Graham, "Cavalier's Song"

The social structure, beliefs and customs of the Garou show
the influence of both human and wolf societies as well as their
own unique outlook. Creatures of Rage as well as instinct,
Gnosis as well as intelligence, they truly possess a dual — and
sometimes conflicting — nature, one that places them on the
border between the spirit and material worlds.

Becoming Garou

Since the earliest times, werewolves have cultivated both
human and wolf flocks, selecting the best among them as
breeding stock. During the Impergium, a time in the distant past
when the Garou exercised strict control over the proliferation of
humans, the werewolves culled the human population of its old,
weak and sick, trying to keep humans from spreading unchecked
across the face of Gaia. This era gave rise to the phenomenon
known as the Delirium, a powerful madness that strikes humans
who see the Garou in their half-human/half-wolf form.

Even during the Impergium, most werewolves recognized
that without humans, there would be no Garou. As groups of
Garou developed preferences for certain types of humans and
wolves, this specialized breeding gave rise to the unique char-
acteristics that differentiate the tribes from one another.

Only about one in 10 successful matings gives birth to a
werewolf, although "normal" children with a Garou parent
carry within them the potential to pass on the blood to later
generations. Known as Kinfolk (see below), these cousins tend
to be immune to the Delirium, and serve as allies and links to
the larger communities of humans and wolves.

Among the European tribes, those children who will one day
run under the moon as Garou begin their lives as mostly normal
members of their respective families. They tend to be loners and
misfits, subject to bizarre dreams, great emotional upheavals and
other signs of their.. difference. Often their families or commu-
nity members believe they are "tetched in the head" and consider
them at least marginally dangerous. These yet-to-become Garou
live tenuousliveson the fringes of society, dreaming vague dreams
ofsomething they cannot quite understand, yet long for intensely.

Natives of the Pure Lands who will become Garou walk a
different path. They too are often loners; they too dream and
suffer physical and emotional crises no less severe than those
experienced by their European counterparts. However, their
families attach much more importance to these manifesta-
tions, and interpret them quite differently. Where Europeans
see madness, natives see one touched by the spirits. Before their
First Change, many Uktena and Wendigo are welcomed as
potential shamans, medicine workers or wisdom keepers. Few
tribes ignore or harm those who evince such potency. Most
tribes believe that if these "touched ones" are shamans, they

Chapter Two: Setting 38


SSSSSN

* Timeline from 1827 to 1890¢

1627 — Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, is established to pro-
tect those using the Santa Fe and Oregon-California Trails.

18908 — Storm Eater is released.

1898 — Santa Ana's forces overwhelm the Alamo; all
defenders chgose death rather than surrender. Texas and
California declare independence from Mexico.

1837 — Samuel Morse files for patent on his telegraph.

1838 — Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon
opens lodges in California and Oregon.

"140s — Uktena and Wendigo Theurges begin to sense
disturbances across the Umbra.

8 — United States declares war against Mexico.
Under pressure from veiled threats of war, Britain cedes
half of the Oregon Territory to the United States.

147 — Mormons, led by Brigham Kou reach the
Great Salt Lake.

148 — Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo gives over one
million square miles of land, including all or part of the
future states of California, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah,
Nevada and Colorado, to the United States. Gold is
discovered at Sutter's Mill, California.

18 — Gold Rush to California begins.

1) — California enters the Union asa Free State. New
Mexico and Utah become territories (no mention is made
of their free or slave status).

1869 — Washington Territory' established. Gasden Pur-
chase gives U.S. land in ArizonaandNew Mexico. Levi Strauss
produces first pair of denim pants for California miners.

18% — Cholera epidemic rages along the Santa Fe Trail;
some native tribes almost wiped out by the disease.

19868 — U.S. and Mormons settle their differences. Gold
is discovered in Colorado. Butterfield's stagecoach com-
pany begins first mail and passenger service to the West
Coast from Missouri.

158 — Comstock Lode in' Nevada discovered. Oregon
becomes a state.

1960-1981 — Pony Express Operates. Gold found in Idaho.

1861 — The War Between the States (theGivil War) begins.
Transcontinental.telegraph erected. Kansas becomes a state.

Werewolf: The Wild West

1962 — Homestead Act grants 160 acres of public land to*

settlers who reside there for five years and make "improvements
to the land." Wendigo support Sioux uprising in Minnesota.

1963 — Construction to link Central Pacific and Union
Pacific Railroads begins; Kit Carson defeats Navajos; expe-
ditions against Sioux and Cheyenne.

1964 — Nevada becomes state; Montana becomes terri-
tory. The U.S. Cavalry attacks. peaceful Cheyenne village
at Sand Creek, Colorado, murdering 200 men, women and
children; Cheyenne retaliate. Bozeman Trail opens.

1806 — Civil War ends. Reconstruction of the defeated
South begins, as does southern emigration westward. John
Wilkes Booth assassinates Lincoln:

1808 — In Liberty, Missouri, ex-Confederate outlaws commit
first peacetime bank robbery in U.S., leading to birth of James-
Younger gang. Red Cloud leads warin Wyoming; Red Cloudand
Crazy Horse force abandonment of Bozeman Trail and forts.

1887 — Nebraska becomes state. First major cattle drive
leaves Texas; arrives in Abilene, Kansas.

1988-08 — Southern Plains War ends in Indian defeat.

1888 — Central Pacific and Union Pacific join at Prom-

ontory Point, Utah. Ulysses S. Grant becomes president.

1872 — Modoc Indian War begins.

1872-74 — Professional buffalo hunters decimate bison
herds, killing over four million.

184 — Final defeat of Southern Plains tribes.

1876 — Death of Cochise.

1878 — Chief Joseph's Nez Perces ordered onto reserva-
tion. Colorado becomes state.

1883 — Northem Pacific Railroad completed; by now several
railroads crisscross the West including the Southern Pacific,
Texas Pacific and Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroads.

1886 — Geronimo's final raids. *

1888 — Surrender of Geronimo. ,

1880 — Bureau of Census officially declares the frontier
closed (defining the "frontier" as any area where there are less
than twosettlers per square mile; no such place is left). Indian
Wars effectively end with the slaughter of 200 Sioux men,
women and children at Wounded Knee, South Dakota.


can only help the tribe; if they are witches, it does not pay to
anger them. Thus, while young, unchanged Garou are not
treated the same as others of their tribes; they are frequently
given great respect and honor.

But throughout the cubs' childhoods, werewolves are watch-
ing from afar. Those marked with the unmistakable signs of their
destiny usually undergo some traumatic experience between the
ages of 10 and 16 (for humans) or one and two years (for wolves).
Whether struck by a sudden outburst of near-Rage or some
partial physical transformation, a new-changed Garou's normal
life is over. In many instances the younglings are driven from
their packs, if they are wolves, or are socially ostracized or even
confined to the cellar or upstairs attic, if they are European
humans. Nativesare often required to undergosome test (usually
a visionquest) to show their fitness for spirit-working.

Atsuch points, the Garou intervene. If necessary, they kidnap a
child and spirit her away to their sept, where they guide her through
herinitial transformation and instruct her in the basics of tribal ways.
Before she has time to fully adjust to the knowledge that she is more
than human or wolf, the fledgling Garou, usually with other new
cubs, undergoes a challenge that tests not only her innate strength
and intelligence but her newfound skills and latent instincts. If she
survives this Rite of Passage — and many new Garou do not —she
emerges with the knowledge that she is one of Gaia's chosen,
unsurpassed as a predator and blessed with the charge of serving as
awarrior on the front lines in the battle against the Wyrm. From this
pointon, she is considered fully Garou— though still of lowly Rank
—and accorded membership in her sept and tribe.

Breeds

Before a werewolf undergoes her First Change, she is shaped by
her human or wolf family, just like her mortal brothers and sisters.
Whether a werewolf grows up in human settlements or in the
wilderness as part of a wolf pack has a profound effect on her
outlook and her life as a Garou.

Homid: Garou born into human society retain the knowl-
edge of civilized ways even after their transformation. Called
"homids" to distinguish them from "humans," they are able to
interact easily (though perhaps not comfortably) with human-
ity. They tend to have a more extensive vocabulary than their
wolf-born brethren and better understand the nuances of
language. The mores and standards of human society often
color their way of dealing with the world.

Many European Garou who settle in the New World pass on
their own expansionist dreams and attitudes of racial or cul-
tural superiority — vestiges of the societies from which they
arose — to succeeding generations. Uktena and Wendigo
Garou born from the native human population also inherit the
outlooks of their tribal families, thus planting the seeds of
inevitable conflict between native and immigrant Garou.

Homids often find themselves torn between their
roles as protectors of Gaia's wild places and their
& human urges to shape and "improve" whatever they

come in contact. Although they despair at the folly of their
human cousins, they cannot condone the wholesale extermi-
nation of the species and thus become forced into the role of
apologist for the sins of humanity. This puts them at odds with
their more forthright lupus cousins.

Lupus: Lupus Garou begin their lives as wolves, thus sharing
in and having an innate knowledge of the life of the pack (and
their place within). Called "lupus" to distinguish them from
normal wolves, these Garou learn wildemessskillssuch as tracking
and survival rather than civilized niceties. Wolf society is brutally
direct, uncolored by human morals or pretensions. Lupus Garou
depend on their instincts and trained senses, and have few qualms
about behavior that is natural, if not always "humane." Garou
born into wolf packs adopt these mores and reflect them through-
out their lives, even after discovering their true natures.

Lupus Garou rarely feel the need to speak rather than act. To
them scent, posture and facial expression ought to provide suffi-
cient information for any Garou. Most do not understand their
homid cousins' need for lengthy discussions, becoming bored by
repetition and barely restraining themselves from simply seizing
the initiative and letting the "gabblers" follow as best they can.
When theyarecalledupon toexpress themselves in words, they are
very direct and simple. Havingnever learned human speechas well
ashomids, they utilize words with few syllables. No flattery or irony
colors their speech, nor do they bother to cushion complaints and
criticism in soft words. They say what they have tosay as briefly and
baldly as possible. Lupus make their wants, needs, likes and dislikes
abundantly clear and detest those who do not do likewise.

Despite their disdain for human language and customs,
lupus possess both great intelligence and cunning. They are
capable of crafting devilishly subtle plans and exploiting their
foes' weaknesses. Having grown up in packs, they are masters
at utilizing pack members skills and at working as a team.

The lupus have long been favored by the humans living in
close proximity. Almost all native tribes acknowledge wolves as
their spirit brothers. The few who do hunt wolves do so out of
necessity, never killing many, never taking breeding-age wolves
and always thanking the wolves' spirits for their gifts. Now the
lupus face threats they aren't prepared for. Indigenous Garou of
red and gray wolfstock find themselves challenged by Europeans,
whoencroach on both their packs' territories and breeding stock.
Furthermore, as farmers and ranchers seize more land, hunting
territories shrink. Homesteaders annoyed by the loss of livestock
offer bounties on wolves, further decimating the supreme posi-
tion that the lupus Garou — and their wolf Kinfolk — once held.

Metis: Garou traditions ban mating between Garou, but
sometimes this prohibition falls by the wayside in the heat of
desire or out of necessity. Those born of the forbidden union
between two werewolves are called metis. Metis are often killed
at birth or spend unhappy lives as scorned outcasts even when.
tolerated by Garou society. Many feel that Gaia's curse for the sin
committed by their parents is upon these wretched creatures.
The evidence for this point of view lies in two inescapable marks
on the metis cub: deformity and sterility.

Chapter Two: Setting 41


Every metis is deformed in some way. This usually takes the
form of some obvious physical aberration, such as a clubfoot or
useless hand. Deformity upsets many Garou. Each Garou is a
soldier in a war against the Wyrm. Deformities weaken Gaia's
warriors, making them less effective in combat andeasiertocatch
and kill. Occasionally, metis deformities assume less-apparent
forms, resulting in mental or psychological aberrations.

Some argue that metis sterility is a good effect, claiming that it
prevents deformity from being passed down toa new generation of
Garou. Most werewolves, however, understand that each Garou
bom adds another soldier to the fight. Sterility in any werewolf
diminishes the potential number of Garou in the next generation.

Though brought up in Garou rather than human society,
metis are rarely accorded equal rights unless they fight fiercely for
them. As they easily assume Crinos form, they can make powerful
warriors, and their successes in battles against Wyrm-tainted foes
often win them grudging respect and places in their tribes.

A few Garou have begun to notice the increase in the number
of metis. Once so rare that many Garou could spend their whole
lives without ever encountering one, metis are beginning to
appear with some regularity. The Stargazers, in particular, see this
upsurge in metis births as a sign that the Garou have forgotten
their duties and laws. Even among the Pure Ones, metis begin to
make their appearance with alarming regularity as the troubles of
the century are reflected in the mating habits of the Garou.

Although they are relegated to a less-than-equal status
among Garou, metis who are allowed to survive rarely leave the
only families they know. Among humans and wolves, the
physically deformed or mentally afflicted receive little or no
compassion. Humans treat the physically aberrant with dis-
dain and repulsion; wolves usually kill imperfect pups. Many
otherwise highly intelligent humans are dismissed as little
better than idiots because they are born with crooked spines,
weak limbs or harelips. Because of this general intolerance,
most metis remain among the Garou, where they at least have
a fighting chance to prove their usefulness to their tribes.

Caerns

Speak to the earth, and it shall teach thee.

— Book of Job, 12:8

Within the Earth'smantle exist wellspringsof mystical energy, places
where Gaia's power shines through from the Umbra. These special
places are sacred to Gaia, and they are where Garou build their shrines.
Known as caerns, these places can take many forms. Strange rock
formations, mountain tops, hot springs and geysers, redwood forests and
underground caves all serve this function in the West. Sometimes, the
power comes through in less-obvious places, such as in the desert or
atopa lonely butte set amid 12 more just like it. It is not the physical
configuration that is important, rather the energy found within.

Werewolves use this power to call potent spirits or to travel vast
distances toothercaerns. Those with thisknowledgecan linkcaems
together, forming a spiderweb pattern of energy that can bind and
constrain powerful, malicious entities, rendering them harmless.

Werewolf: The Wild West

Caerns serve as a central focus for Garou life, taking the place
of the homestead or lair so important to human and wolf Kinfolk.
Werewolves draw their spiritual power (called Gnosis) from the
energy residing in their caerns. Thus, protecting a caern from
harm by the outside world constitutes one of their primary duties.
Some werewolves permanently reside within or in proximity to
the particular caerns they guard. All Garou, whether or not they
choose to live at a caern, pay regular visits to the caern nearest
them to refresh their Gnosis and reestablish their commitment
to Gaia. Caerns serve as meeting places, sites for worship and as
graves for fallen heroes. Many older werewolves prefer to die
within the embrace of a caern, giving their bodies back to the
Earth and anchoring their spirits to Gaia's holy ground. The
physical and mental well-being of all Garou hinges on being able
to tap into the energies of Gaia, and those unfortunates who are
denied access to a caern often suffer illness or insanity.

Werewolves dedicate their caerns to particular spirits, usu-
ally their tribal totems. These spirits help guard caerns from
intrusion in the Umbraas wellas in the material world. Certain
mystical rites performed by knowledgeable Garou elders can
open passages into the domain of caern totem spirits.

Most tribes possess their own caerns, though a few communal
caerns exist. Exclusive caerns are just that; Garou who donot belong.
to the tribe claiming the sacred ground are not welcome within its
bounds. In the Savage West, caern rights and their inviolability are
major issues as the native Garou find their places of power usurped
by the onrushing wave of pioneer Garou. Asalways, there are at least
two sides to the problem of caerns. The Garou who left their caerns
back east for the unknown West need to find places where they can
replenish their fading Gnosis, even if it means impinging on caerns
already claimed by others. The Uktena and Wendigo, however,
have spent centuries weaving delicate connections between their
caerns. The coming of the strange Garou upsets this balance. In
some cases, the results prove disastrous, with wars fought over who
has right to which caem. In addition, the native Garou who
accompany their eastern Kinfolk into exile beyond the Mississippi
also seek caerns of their own, pitting them against their tribemates
over already established caerns.

The Garou are not the only ones who depend on the Earth's
mystical energies for sustenance. Native faeries, the Nunnehi in
particular, are drawn to caern sites. They are attracted by the
potency of the magic (which they call Glamour) that gathers in
those spots. Mages, as well, search for places where power (or
Quintessence) collects. Mages often unknowingly intrude on
caerns, believing the sites available for tapping. This becomes
more common as some caerns are abandoned through their
keepers' exile or inability to hold onto the places in the face of
the westbound population. Sadly, many native Garou becomeso
incensed by the greed of their European cousins that they
deliberately shut down the caerns they are forced to abandon, in
effect sealing them off from use by any other than them-
selves. Such caerns cannot be used by newcomers, but
neither do they uphold their places in the chain of
interwoven caerns that contain dangerous spirits.


FIRE

eae

SSS

Towns are occasionally built on or near existing caerns, and
railroad companies (seeking the straightest path) tunnel through
or cross over caerns that are in their way. This destroys most sites,
but a few retain their energy. Urban caerns are often claimed by
Iron Riders or Bone Gnawers, the two tribes who are most
comfortable around humans. Humans usually give such oases of
powera wide berth, as these places make them feel uneasy (often
arent reason). Such sites are usually dismissed as
"haints." In contrast, some rare urban caerns exist among the
more settled Uktena Kinfolk. These usually take the form of
special kivas or sweat lodges that are found within the human
community, but are set aside for use by "spirit messengers."

for no a

The servants of the Wyrm maintain their
own caerns as well. These unholy sinkholes
of spiritual blight are detailed later in this
chapter, in the section on the Wyrm.

The Litany

Although werewolves acknowledge few human
laws as binding, they keep their own code of
strictures, a code that has endured the passage of
mille:

The ancient precepts that govern the

lives of all Garou, regardless of tribe, form the song
of songs that lies at the heart of the relationship
between Gaia and her chosen warriors. More than a
simple recitation of laws, the Litany encompasses
what it means to be Garou.

Garou Shall Not Mate With Garou

When two Garou mate, their offspring suffer from deformi-
ties of either body or spirit. The Litany prohibits such pairings.
Garou represent the intersection of the natural and supernatu-
ral worlds, and only through the union of Garou and human or
wolf can the species perpetuate itself. Any physical or mental
weakness severely lessens the survival and effectiveness of
those afflicted. For the Garou, to be less than the physical
embodiment of Gaia's health constitutes not just a crime, but
a betrayal of the Wyld.
Reality: Although breaking this law constitutes one of the
most serious transgressions among Garou, metis do exist.
Although relatively rare, the instances of forbidden love
between Garou grow more frequent as the turbulence
and upheaval of the 19th century seep into the founda-
tions of Garou society. Many see the growing number of
metis as a clear warning that Gaia's warriors are losing
their strength and conviction. These advocate
shunning the parents of metis children, though
they attach no blame to metis children for their
less-than-acceptable births. More intolerant
Garou believe the parents should be killed
and the metis destroyed before they

corrupt other Garouand cause large-
ie scale disobedience of Gaia's laws.


=

Combat the Wyrm Wherever It Dwells
and Whenever It Breeds

Garou are born to protect Gaia from the ravages of the Wyrm, and this
tenet shapes the essence of their psychology. The stories and songs of the

battles between legendary heroes of the Garou and monsters spawned from
the Wyrm's belly serve to remind Garou of why they are what they are. Few
of Gaia's warriors would deny the importance of this simple credo.
Reality: Even among the native Uktena and Wendigo, territorial
disputes have served to distract them from their appointed task. The
coming of the European and Asian werewolves to the western part of the
American continent only intensifies competition for caerns and protec-
torship rights. Too often, Garou expend their energy in deciding who
is fittest to fight the Wyrm than in actually combating their greatest
foe. Further, not every tribe agrees on how best to combat the
Wyrm. Where the Red Talons might argue for the extermination
of the human corrupters, the Iron Riders attempt to control the
Wyrm by binding it with the Weaver's rails and telegraph lines.

Respect the Territory of Another

Justaswolvesmark territory with their distinctive scent, Garouseptsemploy both scent
markers and clawed symbols to indicate the borders of their protectorates. Those not of
aprotectorate are expected to announce their presence through the How! of Introduc-

tion whenever they desire to enter a territory and interact with the Garou therein.

Reality: Before the coming of European Garou, the Uktenaand Wendigo generally
respected each others' territories — insofar as the native tribes associated with them
acknowledged the hunting grounds of neighboring tribes. With the arrival of the
Fianna, Get of Fenris and other newcomers, problems involving territory quickly
arise. Tribal symbols often go unnoticed or unrecognized. Sometimes the
westward bound newcomers deliberately ignore these markings, insulting
the native Garou whenever their territorial integrity is violated. Even
when European Garou keep this precept of the Litany and announce their
presence, they are notalways understood, despite their use of the common
Garou language. The isolation of the Uktena and Wendigo from
other werewolves for so many centuries has caused a slight but
noticeable language drift. Their version of the Garou tongue
differs somewhat from that spoken or howled by the European
tribes. Although the connotations and emotions in a howl are
easily understood, the snarling and posturing aspect of Garou speech
can be more readily misinterpreted. Some belligerent-minded European

Garou deliberately urinate over other tribal markings asa challenge to rights
of territory. Since many native Garou travel with nomadic tribes and cover
large areas, these land claims often go unnoticed until it's too late, sparking
vicious disputes over "uninhabited" territories.

Accept an Honorable Surrender
Introduced into the Litany by the Children of Gaia and the Fianna to
avoid wasting Garou lives unnecessarily through internal warfare and
duels, this tenet allows an individual to gracefully withdraw froma
losing battle with an honorable foe. By offering her throat, falling
to the ground or adopting some other position of submission,
T Yi ft) thelosing Garou surrenders, thus awarding victory toher
Mani R, opponent. No Renown is lost in this fashion, though

Gus) sit. :
MN the winner often gains Renown both for the
Zant

victory and for sparing the life of the loser.

Werewolf: The Wild West


Reality: More than any other portion of the Litany, this
concept causes consternation and confusion among both im-
migrant and the native Garou. Not all European Garou adhere
to this part of the Litany. Tribes too proud to surrender,
including the Get of Fenris and Silver Fangs, and accorded
little respect by their fellows tribemates if they do, maintain
that duels and intertribal battles are necessary to whittle out the
weak among Gaia's protectors. Others, such as the Shadow
Lords, scoff at the idea of "honorable" battle, claiming that the
Wyrm knows no honor, nor do many of the tribes.

In the clash between European Garou and the Uktena and
Wendigo tribes, cultural differences playa big role in undermining the
idea of "honorable surrender." Both Uktena and Wendigo believe in
adifferentformofnonlethal warfare, thatofcountingcoup. Influenced
by the native tribes from whom they draw their Kinfolk, both native
tribes believe thatscoringanondamaginghiton youropponentproves
individual bravery and also shames the victim into quitting the battle.
(Naturally, no such mercy is granted to servants of the Wyrm.) The
European Garou, not understanding the meaning behind such ges-
tures, see this practice as senseless or crazy.

Further, in many of thenative human cultures, surrenderisasure
prelude to enslavement, maiming, torture or slow death by
excruciating methods. Their Garou brethren therefore prefer to die
in battle. When European Garou attempt to surrender, they might
suffer no more than having a lock of their hair cut off by the victor
—orthey might be marched back toa Wendigo caem where they
are torn apart by the sept. They are also baffled by the natives'
practice of adopting surrendered foes with the intent of having
them replace fallen comrades. It takes many years for cultural
translation to make this tenet understandable to both sides.

Submission to Those
of Higher Station

Both lupine and human societies acknowledge the necessity of
hierarchy and status. As creatures sharing in both natures, Garou—
particularly those of lupus stock — recognize the idea of a "pecking
order" within pack and tribe. In addition, many Silver Fangs and
Shadow Lords bring their aristocratic outlook to bear and support
the idea ofstrictRanksand stratification among Garou. The concept
that noble birth, experience, wisdom and valor deserve respectful
obedience is hardly unique in the 19th century. Garou translate this
into an elaborate system of Renown and Rank, one that requires
obedience to reasonable requests from superiors.

Reality: Although generally adhered to by all the tribes in one
form or another, interpretation of this tenet varies. Among the
Uktena and Wendigo, respect for tribal elders, wisdom keepers
and proven warriors goes without question. The native humans
and wolves alike understand the importance of obeying leaders
and following the counsel of veterans. For many European Garou,
however, the concepts of hierarchical leadership and privilege are
breaking down. The wave of revolutions that swept Europe in the

18th century and the emerging notions of egalitarianism
that gave birth to the new American nation are eroding
= the status quo. The Europeans who journey west, more-

Chapter Two: Setting

over, often do so out of a desire to escape the confining structure
of ranik.nd social status. The Garou who accompany them also
question the necessity of kowtowing to older, more seasoned tribe
members, arguing that new lands require fresh minds rather than
ones weighed down by old traditions and tactics.

The First Share of the Kill
for the Greatest in Station

Whether referring to actual meat brought down to feed the pack
or to war trophies captured from foes, this idea supposes that the
Garou with the highest Renown and Rank deserves the tastiest
portions or first picks of powerful fetishes and loot. Some Garou,
notably elders, Silver Fangsand Shadow Lords, take thiseven further,
advocating their claim to all the best items or portions of the kill.

Reality: Among wolves, alphas are always accorded first feeding
rights, for they are the breeders who will ensure the continuation of
the species. The all-lupus Red Talons adhere strictly to this idea.
While most European Garou grudgingly accept this edict to some
extent, many among them insist that the wealth be shared at least
some of the time. The Get of Fenris preserve the Norse custom in
which a chieftain receives all the treasure and the best food. Often,
however, the chieftain will then manifest his generosity by awarding
these to worthy warriors and advisors. Those chiefs who fail to show
such magnanimity do not long remain in command. Among the
Uktenaand Wendigo, the hunter who bringsdown the game claims
its heart and other choice portions. Likewise the warrior keeps his
own battle trophies. He may choose to give such prizes to his chief
asa token of respect, and doing so brings honor to the giver. Among
the Children of Gaia, elders often hold powerful fetishes in trust for
the tribe, apportioning them out as needed.

Ye Shall Not Eat
the Flesh of Humans

This precept dates from the end of the Impergium and arises
from perceptions of the Stargazers and other Garou philosophers
that those who consume human flesh eventually succumb more
easily to the snares of the Wyrm. Further, pursuing such weak
prey in turn weakens the predator, who may forget how to hunt
more challenging quarry. Unlike animals, humans often poison
their bodies by ingesting toxins such as tobacco, opium and raw
liquor, rendering their flesh unhealthy for consumption.

Reality: Cannibalism is the exception rather than the rule
among Garou...but exceptions do occur. The Impergium never
really ended for the Red Talons; most still consider humans as
barely worthy of being food. Some Wendigo, emulating their
tribal totem, consume the hearts of courageous and honorable
foes — animal or human — to gain such qualities themselves.
They view certain kinds of cannibalismas gestures of respect. The
Uktena, on the other hand, rarely indulge in eating human flesh,
finding the thought repulsive. The Get of Fenris tend to overlook
indiscretions as a byproduct of battlelust, as long as no evidence
remains. In extremes, when survival depends on the consumption of
human flesh, most Garou bow to necessity —and later seek purifica-
tion for their actions.


Respect for Those Beneath Ye—
All Are of Gaia

Although Garou possess a healthy dose of individualism (a
gift of their partial human nature), their wolf blood imbues
them with a strong sense of "pack." They recognize that leaders
must have followers and that protectors must have someone or
something to protect. All creatures have their place in Gaia's
natural order, and many "lesser" species (i-e., non-Garou) act
as caretakers for those beneath them. Just as alpha wolves do
not scorn those under them, werewolves are supposed to
acknowledge each others' contributions and refrain from "lord-
ing" over lesser members.

Reality: Most Garou heartily endorse this precept as the
embodiment of their role as caretakers, though they acknowl-
edge that there will be an occasional slip-up, especially by those
too enraged to refrain from killing lesser beings, whether
animal or human, Garou who assiduously follow the inherent
chivalry in this ideal may gain Renown. Silver Fangs, Children
of Gaia and Stargazers (among the Europeans) are the stron-
gest proponents of this tenet. Red Talons, Wendigo and
Uktenaall adhere to this in varying degrees, though the Talons
easily "forget" it when it comes to encroaching humans. Get of
Fenris and Shadow Lords are more likely to sneer at this idea,
claiming that respect means nothing if one doesn't earn it.
Bone Gnawers, who receive little, if any, respect, laugh out-
right when they hear this part of the Litany recited. On the
whole, European Garou tend to look down on their native
cousins, the Uktena and Wendigo, while at the same time
giving lip service to the concept of the simple, "noble savage."

The Veil Shall Not Be Lifted

This is the most well-respected and forcefully kept portion of the
Litany. It prohibits werewolves from revealing their existence and
prevents their discovery by fearful humans and agents of the Wyrm.
The thought of humans exterminating the Garou with silver
bullets is enough to compel most werewolves to hunt their foes at
night and cover their tracks. Few second chances exist for those
who violate the Delirium, the Garou's most potent shield against
discovery. Those who deliberately break this taboo suffer death at
the claws of their packs — or septmates, as do any mortal witnesses.

Reality: The Delirium usually covers up accidental viola-
tions of this tenet, but where it fails, pandemonium and
large-scale "witch-hunts" ensue. Memories of the Inquisition
remain fresh in the minds of European Garou, so few among
them dare expose themselves to humans. Fianna Galliards have
immortalized a few tragic occurrences in which a Garou has
confided in a sympathetic mortal only to have her outraged
pack or sept slay both of them. These cautionary tales and songs
serve to dissuade the "romantics." Wendigo and Uktena who
have integrated themselves into their Kinfolk sometime per-
form shamanic duties for their human kin. Occasional partings
of the Veil thus gain limited acceptance as powerful spirit
magic. These instances, however, are exceedingly rare and
happen only in extreme circumstances.

Werewolf: The Wild West

SSSESN

OXX

Do Not Suffer Thy People to
Tend Thy Sickness

The good of the tribe comes before the good ofa single Garou.
That principle underlies this portion of the Litany. In ancient
times, old or infirm Garou were torn apart by their peers to make
room for younger, stronger members. This was done to keep the
infirm Garou from endangering the rest through slowness or
inability to perform duties, and to preserve the tribe's resources
in times of want. Whether sacrificed ritually (as some Black
Furies practice) to return the elder to Gaia, or slain in a mock
battle, the intention is to honor the Garou by not allowing her
to slide into senility and helplessness.

Reality: Though there are still some proponents of ritual sacri-
fice, most modern Garou believe in allowing the infirm to take their
own lives. Those who see the need and do so are honored just as if
they had fallen in battle against worthy foes. Red Talons are amazed
that this precepteven needs to be stated; their close association with
their wolfKinfolk leads them toan innate understanding of theneed
for this principle. Among the Wendigo, nomadic as they are, ifany
of the old and infirm cannot keep up on the march, they are left
behind to die. Get of Fenris precipitate battles they cannot win
rather than be shamed by a less-than-glorious death. Uktena,
conversely, believe in caring for their elderly or sickly as payment for
their own nursing as children and to preserve knowledge as long as
possible. Some Europeans are beginning to develop the same idea,
believing that Garou are becoming too scarce to wantonly throw
away wisdom and experience simply because an elder can no longer
shapeshift or walk without a cane.

The Leader May Be Challenged
at Any Time During Peace

Despite their pack mentality, Garou recognize that shifting
circumstances often necessitate changes in leadership. When-
ever no outside threat exists that requires a state of readiness
anda united front, challenges to the leadership of asept or pack
may occur. Should the challenger win, she becomes the new
leader —at least until another rises to lay claim to the position.
Tests of leadership may involve physical, mental or social
contests; the loser must accept the outcome and abide by the
decisions of the winner.

Reality: Most leaders desire to retain their positions as long
as possible. Some tribes, such as the Iron Riders and Children of
Gaia, employ complex methods of determining who is fittest to
lead atany given time. In addition, the recent rise of democracies
and other forms of representative governments is introducing
the concept of elected leadership among some Garou. Native
Garou see things a little differently. Among the Wendigo and
Uktena, leaders are usually appointed by over-chiefs because
they have shown their bravery, resourcefulness and ability to get
the job done. Such leaders are almost immune to challenge
unless they show themselves less than worthy. Red
Talonsusually have clearalphaswhorip the hides from
those so audacious as to challenge their authority.


The Leader May Not Be
Challenged During Wartime

In times of war, working in concert is vitally important.
Wyrm creatures that cannot be defeated by lone Garou
can only be brought down by packs working together. At
these times, no Garou is allowed to disobey or even
question the commands of the leader. Failure to comply
means the difference between victory and defeat, be-
tween the pack's survival and annihilation. If a Garou
disobeys a superior during wartime, he is destroyed as soon
as possible after the battle.

Reality: Most Garou have no argument with this prin-
ciple. Garou who countermand the orders of a leader who
displays gross incompetence, signs of Wyrm-taint or magical
compulsion, may escape punishment for their disobedience,
particularly when their actions save their pack or sept from
destruction. Philodox who pass judgment on these offenders
may overlook their "crimes," but award no Renown for an
action — however heroic or selfless — which violates this
tenet. Some tribes such as the Shadow Lords and Bone
Gnawers take advantage of this tenet, claiming that they are

always in a state of readiness or warfare so their leader-
ship cannot be challenged:

Chapter Two: Setting

Ye Shall Take No Action That
Causes a Caern to be Violated

The survival of the Garou as a species depends on preserv-
ing the inviolability of the caerns that channel Gaia's power
to them. No werewolf in her right mind would think to lead
an enemy to her caern. Even if a shapeshifter accidentally
violates this principle, she still faces harsh punishment for
foolishly endangering one of Gaia's holy places.

Reality: Although this portion of the Litany seems to be inviolate,
many Garou break it consistently — without even thinking about
their actions. As they sweep across the land with their Kinfolk,
European Garou drive their native cousins from the caerns they have
held in trust for centuries. Some invaders, who claim they can better
"protect" the caems, cannot do so, either because they offend the
caems' totem spirits or because they intend to keep moving on, thus
leaving the caerns unguarded. The Iron Riders, with backing by
the transcontinental railroad companies and their dreams of
enlisting the Weaver in the battle against the Wyrm, are among
the most blatant transgressors of lands holding caerns. Whether
this behavior results from concer that caerns be guarded by "those
better suited to it," or comes from some twisted sending of the Urge
Wyrm of Greed, the fact remains that more and more caerns are
being left unguarded as those who dwell there are forced into exile.


Justice

Truthisits handmaid, freedom is its child, peace is its companion,
safety walks in its steps, victory follows in its train...

— Sydney Smith

The Litany provides a basic structure of "laws," and most
Garou adhere to these precepts most of the time. Elders issue
strong warnings to young Garou who break minor rules. More
serious infractions may be subject to the "law of the claw," in
which members of the pack or sept make their displeasure
known or bring offenders before a Philodox for judgment.

Philodox rule on transgressions of every kind, whether
involving the Litany or simple disagreements between two (or
more) Garou. Duels and ritual combat or contests remain the
most popular methods to settle disputes. When serious viola-
tions of the law occur, justice usually follows swiftly.

The administration of punishments for crimes or redress of
grievances differs from tribe to tribe, but bears little resemblance
to the complex legal protocol that humans seem to enjoy. The
warlike Get of Fenris settle most of their disputes through trial by
combat; where crimes against the Litany are involved, these
"combats" pit the accused against most of the warriors of the
tribe, thus insuring that Ga-
rou criminals rarely

survive their trials.

®,%,

Fianna employ combat as well as other challenges to determine
justice. The Bone Gnawersstand less on ceremony and often make
judgments based on expediency. Iron Riders hold court trials that
resemble those of human origin. The Children of Gaia and
Stargazers adhere to the process of mediation. The Silver Fangs'
trials contain many apparently trivial formalities, while the Silent
Striders waste no time in bringing justice to bear. Among the
Uktenaand Wendigo, those accused of wrongdoing are frequently
required to undergo grueling ordeals, either to prove their inno-
cence or to purify themselves. Possibly the most frightening judges
come from the Shadow Lords, who possess some of the most
extreme and fearsome methods of determining guilt and exacting
punishment of any Garou. What's more, a camp of Shadow Lord
Philodox known only as the Judges of Doom wander the Savage
West, bringing law and punishment to offenders of all tribes.
Running away from judgment is seen as proof of guilt, and
Garou elders often send young Garou as bounty hunters
charged with bringing back guilty parties, "dead or alive."
Incentives in the form of fetishes or knowledge (or, in the
case of the Iron Riders, money), encourage some Garou to
take on the roles of bounty hunters as full-time occupations.
These traveling administrators of Gaia
assume mythic proportions, adding to
the growing legends of the

's swift justice often

= "Jone gunslinger."


Organization and
Power Structures

Whoever is foremost, leads the herd.
— Schiller, Wallenstein's Tod

Among the Garou, the importance of hierarchy and social
standing forms an innate part of psychological makeup. Like
their wolf kin, much of their sense of belonging comes with
knowing just where they stand in relation to their packmates,
their septmates and other members of their tribes. Within each
group (whether pack, sept or tribe), a pecking order soon
establishes itself, with leadership going to the Garou who
claims and maintains the position of alpha.

But the tribes often use quite different (and sometimes
savage) methods of choosing their leaders. Some, like the Get
of Fenris, prefer to battle for the position, while others
acknowledge the "divine right" of the pure blood (Silver
Fangs) or honor those of great wisdom and cunning (Uktena).
Most Garou use the system of Renown to judge candidates'
worth, channeling aggression into acceptable directions and
making certain that leaders follow the Litany and possess the
qualities needed to guide groups. Many lesser positions within
a group also exist, allowing underlings more scope for their
talents rather than simply being followers. Because they are
part wolf, most Garou are content to take these lesser roles, for
they are necessary for the continuation of the group and
provide chances for them to win honor for their wisdom,
chivalry, insight and cunning.

Leadership is not static. During wartime, no one is al-
lowed to challenge the leader, but when peace reigns, such
constraints do not exist. Werewolves may challenge and
defeat their leaders in many areas, not just the arena of
battle. When a situation calls for diplomatic acumen, a
Garou who excels in such may successfully challenge the
current Ahroun leader for the right to act as alpha. Later, if
knowledge of the Umbra becomes vital to a sept's survival,
acunning Theurge may step forward and prove herself more
fit to lead than the diplomatic Philodox. In theory, Garou
social structures enable the best individual for any given
task to assume leadership when necessary.

This hierarchy is integral to Garou nature. Few find fault
with it or feel uncomfortable with the idea of Ranks and
dominance. Indeed, the Litany reinforces the idea of respect
toward those of higher station. A few Garou tribes don't
adhere as closely to this stepladder social system. The
Stargazers and Silent Striders care less about hierarchy and
more about individual enlightenment than do most Garou,
while the Iron Riders have adopted the more egalitarian
viewpoints that are gaining popularity in the world at large

and in America in particular. The Bone Gnawers see
hierarchy as a joke; Rank matters little to those at
& the bottom of the heap.

Chapter Two: Setting

Foras longas they have existed, Garou have abided by a simple
tule: Leadership goes to the best in any given situation, and the rest
of the group follows her counsel without question. The arcane
politics practiced by humans, Kindred, mages and other complex
social groups are almost unknown to the Garou (with the excep-
tion of the Shadow Lords, who have always been schemers and
plotters at heart). In general, Garou deal with internal and
external matters in a forthright, instinctual manner.

The clash of cultures between European Garou and their
American cousins, however, forces the Garou head first into the
political arena. As the Fianna, Getof Fenris, Silver Fangsand other
non-native Garou seek to establish their claims to the wild lands
west of the Mississippi, they find themselves in competition not
only with each other, but with the native Uktena and Wendigo.
Astrange phenomenon has also emerged, which pits elders against
their own tribal youth. Curiously, among the European Garou,
while elders push for taking over lands and caerns they need,
claiming their ways are superior and shoving native werewolves
further westand into less productive areas, youngsters question not
only their right to do so, but whether such actions are honorable.

Conversely, among the Pure Ones (especially the Uktena), the
chiefs counsel patience and forbearance, seekingaccord, reconcilia-
tionand treaties with the newcomers while their young hotheads
cause trouble and raid the Europeans as if daring them to do
something about it. Councils among both groups have become
strained affairs in which younglings no longer listen respectfully
to elders, but speak their minds and sometimes disrupt proceed-
ings. When they are reprimanded and punished for their lack of
respect, some acquiesce; others merely become more rebellious,
even if they have learned the value of silence and secrecy.

Whether the Garou can survive this breakdown of their
political affairs remains to be seen. However, in a few places
multitribal packs are forming, sometimes with Pure Ones and
European cubs standing side-by-side. Although some septs
scorn these packs as "impure" or "foolhardy," the fact remains
that the Storm Eater, and indeed the Storm Umbra, cannot
be faced alone by any tribe.

Dominance

Establishing dominance comes as naturally to Garou as to
their wolf cousins. When two Garou of very different Rank or
Renown interact, their respective status is always apparent. Pups
seeking to make a name for themselves might challenge ones of
higher Rank, but the more established Garou is under no
obligation to accept — and is often prohibited from doing so by
custom, since it isa given that the stronger Garou will invariably
win. Such interactions do not call for establishing dominance.
When Garou of roughly equal status both claim dominance,
however, the superior must be decided. Since Garou hierarchy
depends on clear-cut lines between leaders and followers, an elabo-
rate protocol arises whereby disputes over the fitness ofany Garou to
lead are resolved easily. In most cases, one of three major ways of
testing dominance suffices: the facedown, the duel or the game.


The facedown pits the opposing wills of the Garou. More

than a simple staring contest, it involves focusing all of
personal will, self-esteem, charisma and bravado on forcing
an opponent to drop her eyes or look away. So intense are
these contests that some Garou succumb to their inner Rage
and frenzy from the pressure of the moment.

The duel involves combat. This is the preferred method for deciding
whois mostfitfor leadership in times of war, but can alsobe used tosolve
other disputes involvingdominance. The victor assumes the position of
leader. Although duels are not meant to be to the death, accidents do
happen —with more frequency among some tribes than others. Tribes
—and packs — differ in their preference for dueling forms. The Red
Talons prefernatural tooth and claw, while the Fiannaand GetofFenris
oftenemployklaives. The propensity for "showdowns," using pistols, has
recently become popular among some European Garou. These gun.
duels are not as deadly for Garou as for humans, however, since lead
doesn't kill werewolves quite so readily. The Uktena and Wendigo
usually employ physical combar, either in human or Crinos form, while
the Stargazers engage in highly ritualized kailindo matches.

The game servesasatest of intelligence, cunningand subtlety,
and is the preferred form of challenge among the less-aggressive
tribes, such as the Uktena, Iron Riders, Children of Gaia and
Bone Gnawers (although the last enjoy a good scrap as much as
any). In fact, it is not unknown for Iron Riders and Bone Gnawers
to resolve matters of leadership at the poker table, combining
game and facedown in tests of cunning and audacity. The Uktena
enjoy the challenge of a good mental battle and sometimes use
contests of storytelling or dancing to settle matters of leadership.

Once the winner and loser are clear, the loser must show
submission immediately. Exposing the throat or belly, falling to
the ground, urinating and displaying the buttocks are all prime
examples, though the less-wolflike tribes such as the Iron Riders
may content themselves with a verbal "uncle." If this step is not
carried out, the winner is justified in attacking the insolent loser
— usually with several helpers from her outraged pack.

Language

Every language is a temple, in which the soul of those who speak
it is enshrined.

—Oliver Wendell Holmes, The Professor at the Breakfast Table

The Garou speak a unique language, one that evolved before the
emergence of tribal divisions. Although the Fianna claim to have
invented the Garou tongue, the fact that all Garou speak itregardless
of their place of origin indicates otherwise. Young Garou leam their
language soon after their Rites of Passage, thus enabling them to
participate in the social discourse of their tribes and increase their
sense of solidarity with the group. One of the most notable features
of the Garou language is the huge number of metaphors for hearing
and smell, which are every bit as important as the sense of sight.
Whereas all Garou in Hispo or Lupus forms can communicate with
wolves (an innate ability), the Garou language must be learmed.

Likeall languages, however, the werewolf tongue is subject to drift,
and its verbal components usually reflect the accent and usage of the

speaker's ethnic origins. Dialectand local terminology have alsocrept
in, so that two Garou from different tribes or distant locations can
sometimes misunderstand one another. Fortunately, words make up
only one part of the language. Body posture and gesture are as much
a part of the tongue as vocal speech is, bearing witness to the wolf-
nature of the Garou. What's more, in verbal communication, tone
and inflection add nuances to Garou speech, while the single most
importantelement— the one that distinguishes it from other spoken
languages — comes directly from the Garou's wolf-nature: the howl.

Howls

The voice that beautifies the land!

The voice above,

The voice of the thunder,

Among the dark clouds

Again and again it sounds,

The voice that beautifies the land.

— Navaho song

Garou, like wolves, use howls to communicate over great
distances. Whether intended to evoke fear in the hearts of
enemies, summon aid in emergencies, or simply to announce
one's presence in the territory of another, howls condense a large
amount of information into a powerful vocalization. Learning
and mastering the distinctive howls forms the lifelong task of
most Galliards. All Garou learn a few basic howls.

Unlike human music, which generally relies on harmony and
assonance to produce pleasing or awe-inspiring choral symphonies,
the melodies of howls borrow heavily from the dissonance inherent
in the songs of nature: the howl of the wind across the vast prairie,
thecacophony of competing bird calls, the torrential rush of mighty
rivers. Like their wolf cousins, the Garou search for discordant
sounds. Although a single werewolf may initiate a howl, she is often
joined by others. Rather than matching melodies, each individual
alters her pitch to provide a layered texture of controlled noise. In
this way, a single pack can sound like a swarm, intimidating its
enemies into overestimating the size of its opposition.

Some of the better-known howls are listed below.

Call to Hunt — Almost indistinguishable from the howl
of a normal wolf, this prolonged, low-pitched wail tells the
pack what prey is near and where it can be found.

v Chant of Challenge — Part recitation, part insult, this
invention of the Fianna harkens back to the Celtic bardic
tradition. Intended as the opening gambit of a duel, it consists
of a laudatory exposition of the challenger's name, pack, sept,
lineage, tribe and deeds as a prelude to an imaginative slur
against one challenged, impugning everything from her birth
to her personal hygiene to her sexual habits. As their customs
run more to simple statements of their names and positions
within their tribes, some Uktena and Wendigo mistake this
chant for a particularly inept Death Song. When Fianna
challenge one another in this fashion, the chant itself
sometimes becomes the duel, with particularly vi-
cious barbs serving as winning blows.

Werewolf: The Wild West


Cry for Help — This howl, which resembles the mewling
cry of a pup for its mother, summons a werewolf's pack to her
assistance. Many a hunter takes this cry as the despairing final
wail of his prey, only to find, as the pack surrounds him, that it
is something far worse.

‘w Death Song — Most common among the Uktena and
Wendigo, though also occasionally practiced by the Fianna and the
Get of Fenris, this defiant, passionate challenge in the face of certain
death both summarizes the Garou's life and prepares her for her
impending reunion with Gaia. While native werewolves recognize
and respect this howl, many European Garou, upon hearing such for
the first time, are amazed by it. Some respond to the inherentbravery
of thesings
ina few cases, ceasing hostilities and withdrawing in the face of such
nobility. It is said that those who heard the haunting Death Song of
the Croatan were never able to fully dismiss it from their thoughts.

‘¥ Howl of Introduction — This "talkative" howl is used
when entering another's territory to introduce the visitor and
ask permission to enter or to meet with the residents.

‘w Lament for the Fallen
this mournful, low-pitched dirge expresses both sorrow and

either granting her the respect due a superior Garou or,

Most solemn of all the howls,

praise for the honored dead. Like keening, its volume and
duration indicate the status of the deceased.

‘w Shame Song — This harsh, irritating whine is used by a
pack or sept to shame those who have acted dishonorably.

| oe |

W Snarl of Precedence — European Garou use this howl to
initiate one-on-one combat with other Garou of different Rank. A
werewolf with higher Renown does not have to acknowledge this
howl, but few so challenged refuse. Before the present times, such
presumptuouschallenges were almost unknown amongnativeGarou.

‘w Symphony of the Abyss — The Black Spiral Dancers
have perfected this insanely perverse, reverberating whine as
their hunting cry. Its mere sound is often enough to strike fear
into the hearts of their enemies.

w War Cry — Used by both European Garou (under the name
Anthem of War) and native Garou, this inspiring howl not only
serves to gather troops for battle but elevates faltering morale. The
Wendigo are masters of a particularly chilling form of this howl.

te Wyrm Warning — Used only toalert Garou within hearing
distance of the proximity of Wyrm-creatures, this high-pitched,
staccato series of howls is unmistakable. No werewolf, regardless
of upbringing, fails to recognize this as the cry of danger.

Honorifics

Used to denote differences in station, these syllables are
added to the end of a Garou's name.

Greater in station: -rhya

Honor equal/near-equal: -yuf

Lesser: no honorific need be used

Of the Wyrm, traitor: -ikthya

=

1s mes tT


O
(>

Iv is no surprise that Garou, being cousins
to wolves, gather in packs as a matter of
~ instinct. The most basic and closely knit
communal units among Garou, packs usu-
ally have between two and 10 members who
have a common purpose and are acknowl-
edged by atotemspirit. Packscan be transitory,
existing only for the length of time it takes to
accomplish a finite goal, or they can be bind-
ing for the life of the members. A pack may
form for a specific goal such as hunting down a
particular supernatural gang, or for a more
general purpose, such as seeking out and fight-
ingasmany of the Wyrm'screaturesas possible.
A pack is more than a group of like-
minded individuals. Greater than mere
friendship, the bonds of the pack become
almost unbreakable, with individuals as-
suming their places within the group so
seamlessly that they all appear to share a
group mind. While rivalry and even dislike
may occur among individual members
and challenges may be frequent, it is
almost unheard of for a pack member
nottodefend his packmates tothe death.
When the pack first comes together,
sept elders perform a great rite that binds
a special spirit, known as the totem
spirit, to the pack. The totem acts as a
guide, an Umbral messenger and guard-
ian to the pack. If the pack breaks up, the
totem spirit is released from its duties.
=
eage
4 Lin
Justas humans trace theirancestry through
family trees, werewolves keep track of their
own familial lines. Among some tribes, such as
the Silver Fangs, Fianna and Get of Fenris, lin-
eage is an important issue. Tribe members expect
much from a Garou who is a descendent from a
hero, and indeed, blood seems to run truer in Garou
than in most other species. Tribes like the Iron
Riders and Bone Gnawers care less about ancestry
than about individual merit and cunning, but even those
who downplay the importance of lineage still keep track of
their famous (or, in some cases, infamous) relatives.

Since elder Garou often monitor young members of their
bloodlines, chastising them when they deviate from traditional
expectations, many Garou venture west to escape the burden so
imposed on them — or in hopes of shedding the bad reputation
attached to them asa result of their lineage. In the West, actions

speak louder than words or ancestry. *


——

—=
AISI

ESSSSSSS3

The Sept

Garou who elect to reside in the vicinity of a caern and act as
its protectors forma unique group called a sept. Most septs consist
of a single tribe, though occasionally Garou from more than one
tribe will join forces to share the duties of protectingacaern. This
is the case in areas where there are not enough members of any
one tribe to fulfill this purpose. The Black Furies, Silent Striders
and Stargazers form such a small percentage of Garou population
in the American West that these Garou find it easier to affiliate
themselves with already existing septs.

Before the westward expansion, most septs west of the Missis-
sippi consisted of Uktena or Wendigo, with almost no intertribal
mixing. As Americans seeking their "Manifest Destiny" drive
the Native Americans of the East and their Uktena allies west,
forcing them into lands already claimed by other native Garou,
competition for existing caerns triggers skirmishes and occasion-
ally, outright war. Rather than surrender or violate the sanctity
their caerns, many native Garou settle their disputes by accept-
ing native newcomers into their septs.

As European Garou settle in the wide-open spaces of the
West, septs of mixed tribes increase in number as they find that
one or two packsare unable to adequately defend newly acquired
caerns — especially if their former protectors want them back.

The Tribe

The primary divisions among Garou are equivalent to ethnic
background divisions among humans. A tribe consists of Garou
who share a common lineage and the traits that go with them.
Just as a human's nation often determines cultural outlook,
specific customs and physical appearance, a Garou's tribe fre-
quently denotesacertain attitude, philosophical bentand physical
characteristics. Although a Garou's Auspice determines her
general role in her larger society, tribal perceptions tend to affect
the way in which that Auspice manifests itself. An Uktena
Ragabash, for example, might see himself as a follower of Coyote
the Trickster or might join the Society of Sacred Fools (or
contraries), while his Iron Rider counterpart might gain a
reputation as a conniving confidence man or cardsharp.

The 13 Tribes

By 1830, 13 distinct tribes of Garou inhabit the North Ameri-
can continent, and are often at war with each other. A werewolf's
tribe can easily be a point of contention in the Savage West,
particularly when crossing lands that belong to other tribes.

‘w Black Furies — As passionate as its name suggests, this
tribe is predominantly made up of female werewolves who have
dedicated themselves to preserving the Wyld. Originating in
Greece, the Black Furies' fierceness and intensity in the time
of the Impergium gave rise to legends of bloody sacrificial and
punitive rituals among the humans of the Mediterranean.

Although their Kinfolk were relatively late arrivals to
the Pure Lands, a few of these zealous warriors joined
* the early Spanish expeditions to the New World,

Chapter Two: Setting

attaching themselves to the armies of conquest long enough to
set foot on the untarnished ground that would later become
California and Mexico.

Their ideas of independence and equality find fertile soil in the
West, where the general hardships of day-to-day life test the grip of
male dominance among white settlers. Many of them claim places
along side the Uktena and Wendigo, where their warrior spirits and
hatred of anything that hints of the Wyrm orthe Weaver gains them
respect and glory. Others attach themselves to small settlements of
American pioneers, where their inner strength helps bolster the
fading courage of women who accompany their husbands into
strange new lands. Very few reside in the growing cities and boom
towns of California and Texas, where women are too often consid-
ered expendable commodities by boorish trappers, prospectors and
expeditionary forces. The Black Furies become dual champions of
Gaia and womankind wherever they plant themselves.

‘w Bone Gnawers — The lowest of the low, the Bone
Gnawers exemplify the adaptability of nature and the need to
survive whatever the cost. For years, the American continent
serves as a dumping ground for Europe's poor, including con-
victs and debtors. Among these down-and-out individuals are
the first Bone Gnawers to set foot in the Pure Lands,

Their hardiness makes them ideal wilderness survivors as
well as scrappers who claim rough new settlements as their
homes. Nominally serving Gaia, the Bone Gnawers thrive in
the harsh environs of the Savage West. Here they claw out
niches for themselves among solitary prospectors, digging for
gold (or searching for signs of the Wyrm) or living apart like
rag-tag mountain men and trappers who come into town once
a year for supplies. The Bone Gnawers represent tough but
disreputable "low heroes," able to survive anywhere. In the
growing cities, they dwell among the dissolute and fallen, eking
out their existence on the fringes of human and Garou society.

Children of Gaia — These Garou embody the hope that
all of Gaia's children can learn to live peacefully. When they
first encountered the Croatan and Uktena along the eastern
seaboard, the Children were heartened to find that coopera-
tion rather than conquest was possible.

The Children of Gaia encourage the unity of all Garou tribes.
They foster education of the European people under their protection
and seek to reach out to the Uktena and Wendigo. Seeing a chance
to promote Gaia's cause, they help establish many alternative
religious communities, some of which are deist rather than Christian.
Hoping toeradicate the wounds inflicted on the Pure Ones, theysend
missionaries, teachers, chroniclers and artists to the tribes and the
growing urban areas of the West. Despite their good intentions, most
believe thatthe Garou of the Pure Lands have grown weak from their
longseparation andare no longer fit protectors of Gaia'ssacred places.
These well-meaning emissaries thereby come to occupy a singular
place in the European versus Pure Lands Garou squabbles — their
obvious attempts to help the native Garou make them the most
trusted of any Europeans, while their assumption that they know best
and can teach their backward brethren how to behave properly often
ears them great hatred and resentment from the proud natives.

‘|

7


SSSLSN Te

ZILLz

‘w Fianna— One of the worst offenders of the "invading Europeans," this aggressive and
fearless tribe forces its way into the heart of the West, riding alongside farmers desperate
for land, railroad navvies, gold and silver miners, cavalry officers, Indian fighters and
cowboys. Pioneering the move west with their Scotch-Irish Kinfolk, the
Fianna help blaze the trail to the Pacifi
the lands in between. Just as they are among the first to help
extend European influence beyond the Appalachians,
they spearhead the mandate of "Manifest Destiny."
Staunch defenders of Gaia and bold warriors
against the Wyrm, the Fiannaconsider them-
selves superior to the native Garou and
soon make enemies of the local Uktena
and Wendigo tribes. On the other hand, some Fianna "go native,"
realizing that they ha
the Pure Lands alone for centuries.

, making their mark onall

ye much to learn from those who have guarded

te Get of Fenris — Savage fighters with proud traditions,
children of the harsh northern lands near the Arctic, veterans of
centuries of fierce battles against the Wyrm, the Get of Fenris
tolerate no challenges to their right to fertile western lands from
neither human nor Garou. Their unpolished manners, assumption
of their own superiority and rough-and-tumble attitudes win them
few friends among the Uktena or Wendigo, but their undeni-
ablesense ofhonor, consummate bravery and ferventdevotion
toprotecting whatever they claimas their own assures them
grudging respect. Staunchly loyal to and protective of
their Kinfolk, who are mainly homesteaders, farmers
and artisans who claim plains and prairies, the Get of
Fenris exemplify the grim determination of Gaia's
proudest warriors. The Wendigo see something of
themselves in these great wolves of the North, but
would rather die than admit it.
*# Iron Riders — Believing that the powers of the
Weaver should be enlisted in the battle against the
Wyrm, these Garou maintain a constant presence in
human cities, learning to use available technology to
further Gaiz
with their Kinfolk to the growing cities of the West,
insinuating themselves intonewly established banks,
gamblinghallsandcommerce. The Ridersare staunch
supporters of the railroad and telegraph networks.
They believe that these tools can eventually con-

ause. Naturally, they gravitate along

nect caerns all over the continent. Iron Riders are
found among city boys and schoolmarms, dance-
hall owners and railroad tycoons, shady
businessmen and snake oil salesmen. The
least trusted of all the Garou, they neverthe-
less take root in the new frontier.
‘w Red Talons — The exclusively lupus Red Talons are a sizable force in
the Savage West. Fleeing the gradual diminishment of European
= __ wolfstock, who had been hunted almost to extinction insome areas,
the Red Talons endure the change to homid form long enough to
arrive in America and begin breeding with the native
wolf population. Lack of enough breeding stock
along the eastern seaboard forces them west.


Native Americans consider wolves brethren and treat
them with respect for their place in the natural order. The Red
Talons therefore temper — a little — their naturally tendencies
with respect to the indigenous people of the western lands. Ironi-
cally, they begin taking over the lupus strains of the Uktena and
Wendigo, weakening those influences in the native Garou tribes. Ameri-
can Red Talons thus take on more of the traits of the red and gray wolves of
the Pure Lands, becoming virtual separate strain from their European cousins.
With the coming of more Europeans, white settlers hunt wolves, decimate the
buffalo and other wild game, and set themselves up as exclusive predators.
The Red Talons' anger escalates, driving them to attempt overtures of
alliance and peace with the Uktena and Wendigo in order to fight the
encroaching claims of foreign Garou. Still plentiful in the early part of
the 1800s, their numbers steadily decrease as their Kinfolk succumb to
the guns and snares of bounty hunters and trappers.

tw Shadow Lords — Traveling to the New World with their
Eastern European Kinfolk, the Shadow Lords quickly move to take
over key political positions and insinuate themselves into estab-
lished septs in the East. Among the first to recognize what the
opening of the West truly means, these cunning Garou manipu-
late their Kinfolk into making the westward exodus.
Fighting and tricking their way across the breadth of
the continent, they maneuver to take their "right-
ful" place as movers and shakers of both human
and Garou society. Many Shadow Lords become
virtual monarchs of the towns their money helps
to finance and build, controlling the general
stores, banks (wherever possible), assayer's offices,
grange and cattlemen's associations and stables.
Often a single Shadow Lord serves as mayor,
sheriff, circuit judge and postmaster. Less-
settled Shadow Lords move into higher
country where Grandfather Thunder holds
court, displacing the native Garou — killing
them when necessary. Others become gun-
slingers, moving along the fringes of
society, feared for theirnarrow-eyedmen-
ace and fast hands. No one crosses a
Shadow Lord more than once; not even
those who annoy them live to tell the tale.

Silent Striders — The enigmatic Silent
Striders first arrive in the West alongside travel-
ing medicine shows or as solitary travelers.
Although the panoramic vistas of Monument
Valley, the Painted Desert and the Rocky
Mountains win their admiration, their real
attention is reserved for the unexplored
Umbral landscape of the Pure Lands. Search- >
ing for the most isolated places, these exotic seekers
of undiscovered knowledge explore the chaotic
depths of the Storm Umbra, a place even "wilder"

than its counterpart in the physical world. <ao

They are among the first non-native Garou to discover the
= growing menace arising from the breaking of Uktena and Wendligo

Chapter Two: Setting


SSSSSN

CX

wards against the Wyrm. Unlike the Children of Gaia, when these
solitary Garou make contact with the natives, they come to learn,
not to teach. They often act as interpreters between Europeans
and various native tribes, or make laconic attempts to reconcile
native Garou with their European cousins, but their overtures are
rarely effective. Silent Striders occasionally search for abandoned
fetishes. A few become circuit riders, either to bring "the word" to
the benighted folk of small towns along their paths or to carry
justice to places that have no law.

‘ Silver Fangs — Revered as legendary heroes, the Silver
Fangs form an elite aristocracy among the Garou, yet their
nobility and fitness to bear the standard in the battle against the
Wyrm face challenges from within and without. Other tribes,
notably the Shadow Lords and the Get of Fenris, feel that the
Silver Fangs should share the glory of being Gaia's "chosen ones."
Extreme selectivity in breeding hasalso leftits mark, asthe highly
inbred Silver Fangs sometime manifest peculiarities of personal-
ity. Along with the Fianna and Get of Fenris, the Silver Fangs
(though in smaller numbers) are among the early trailblazers in
the West. After the Civil War, however, an even greater influx
of these aristocrats makes its way into the new wilderness,
bringing Southern families, uprooted from their privileged plan-
tations. Although Silver Fangs swell the ranks of Union and
Confederate soldiers looking for new wars to fight, others come
as bearers of culture, attempting such unlikely feats as educating
the roughshod residents of western cities to the delights of the
opera and the ballet. Many come west with noble intentions,
attempting to bring their isolated Uktena and Wendigo brethren
into "civilized" Garou society. Needless to say, their presence
only exacerbates tensions between native and newcomer Garou.

‘w Stargazers — These mystic wanderers hail from the
Orient. Having watched the philosophies of the Far East de-
velop, they possess unique martial skills that make them at once
fierce warriors and gentle peacemakers. A few arrive with their
Asian Kinfolk brought to work on the railroads. These Stargazers
attune themselves to the awesome splendor of the western
landscape. Mysterious and intriguing because of their rarity,
some few gain acceptance among the Uktena and Wendigo —
chiefly because they lack the arrogant attitudes so prevalent
among European werewolves. Of the few Stargazers to come to
the Savage West, most become explorers of desert wastelands,
high mountains and deep evergreen forests, reveling in both the
open barrenness and enclosed wilderness. They are almost never
seen or encountered. Some others, who remain in cities such as
San Francisco, bring the seeds of alternative, herbal medicine,
astrological forecasting and mystic spiritualism that shape future
perceptions of the "strange and innovative" West Coast cities.
Rarely seen by any but fellow Asians, these mysterious wonder-
workers aren't even known as Garou by their patients.

w Uktena— One of the two remaining Garou tribes native
to the Pure Lands, the Uktena embody the fires that burn within
Gaia's heart, concealing her deepest mysteries. Great seekers of
knowledge, the Uktena concern themselves with uncovering
the secrets of the Umbra, particularly those belonging to the

Werewolf: The Wild West

Wyrm. They labor in the Pure Lands to identify and destroy or
bind creatures of the Wyrm, setting up an elaborate network of
protective wards throughout the Umbral West.

These mystics and seers make their homes among the pueblo
tribes such as the Zuni and Hopi, as well as the Utes, Navaho and
other peoples of the Southwest and California. Exposed to
Spanish conquistadors and missionaries who established out-
posts in California and Mexico, Uktena regard the increasing
number of European werewolves and settlers with uneasy suspi-
cion. The ranks of the Uktena grow with the arrival of tribemates
from the East and Southeast in the 1830s, driven westward by a
government determined to claim their lands. Many displaced
natives are forced into the territories of the fierce Plains tribes
and their Wendigo protectors, sparking violent confrontations
over new territories, hunting rights and protectorates. Initially
unwilling to resort to warfare against the Europeans, the Uktena
soon realize the futility of treaties and truces. They also recognize
the coming of the Storm Eater as the release of a great Bane their
ancestors bound long ago, and they heartily resent those who
have unwittingly loosed its chains. Their hidden fires are being
fueled, and are ready to explode into a great conflagration.

te Wendigo — The Wendigo reflect both the icy fury of their
totem spirit and the hot passion of the tortuous and exhilarating
Sun Dance practiced by their native Kinfolk. Making their
homes among the Native Americans of the Northwest and the
wandering tribes of the Great Plains, these warriors resist Euro-
pean encroachment almost from the first. Although their initial
encounters with French and Russian trappers and explorers
weren't always hostile, the Wendigo were quick to perceive the
threat that the white-skinned invaders pose to their lands and
their Kinfolk. Some of the fiercest battles against white expan-
sion take place in the lands of Geronimo and Crazy Horse. At
once noble and furious, bloody-minded to their enemies and
surprisingly compassionate to those Europeans willing to forsake
their corrupt ways and adopt native ideals, the Wendigo, perhaps
more than any other Garou, represent the doomed struggle to
preserve the pristine glory of the Pure Lands.

The Lost Tribes

Long ago the Garou had more than 13 tribes, but battles with
the Wyrm caused the disappearance of entire bloodlines. Three
of the greatest tribes either traveled the road to extinction or
stand on the verge of annihilation.

White Howlers

The proud tribe of White Howlers that once served as Gaia's
fiercest guardian in the highlands of Scotland and northern
England now exists only in the form of its twisted descendants,
the Black Spiral Dancers. Legends tell how the White Howlers
faced the Wyrm in its own territory, and emerged from the foul
pit that was their last battleground as warped versions of what
they once were. Although all Garou know of the
White Howlers, few speak of their lost cousins lest
they bring their curse upon themselves. +


<a
ME

O

Y2ZZ ZAZA

lea

SSSSSSS3

E

Croatan

One of the three original Garou tribes to settle in the Pure
Lands, the Croatan flourished along the eastern seaboard.
When the Wyrm-spirit known as Eater-of-Souls arrived in
North America in the company of the Roanoke colonists, the
Croatan sacrificed themselves and all their Kinfolk in a great
tite that banished the creature from the physical world. Their
sacrifice serves as both inspiration and warning to all Garou.
Their Uktena and Wendigo sisters and brothers continue to
mourn their passing, and fear that the ongoing encroachment
of Wyrm-tainted humans into the once-Pure Lands bodes
similar disaster for them.

Bunyip

The Bunyip are neverseen outside their native Australia, tied
as they are to their Kinfolk, the Tasmanian wolves. As more
Europeans (and their Garou protectors) establish their hold in
the Land Down Under, the Bunyip numbers diminish as their
lands are taken from them and their Kinfolk are hunted to
extinction. Before the end of the 19th century, they will vanish
forever, as was the fate of the Croatan and White Howlers. Their
tragedy, however, is that unlike the Howlers, who fell to the
Wyrm, or the Croatans, who willingly sacrificed themselves, the
Bunyip's extermination comes at the hands of other Garou.

Lone Wolves

Although they are social creatures by nature, werewolves
have their misfits as well — individuals who scorn or are
scorned by their tribes. Variously called Lone Wolves, Outlaws,
Renegades, Ronin or Outcasts, these solitary Garou walk their
own path on the fringes of Garou society or else turn their backs
on it altogether. Lone Wolves possess no official Rank among
Garou, although they may acquire Gifts from mentors (if they
can find any and convince them to share their knowledge).
Most Garou sneer at Lone Wolves, considering them useless
deviants who serve no real purpose in the war against the
Wyrm. In fact, some Lone Wolves do fall under the influence
of the Wyrm or else succumb to madness.

Few Lone Wolves originate from the Uktena or Wendigo
prior to the Europeans' arrival, but as the century progresses,
Lone Wolves become more common. Many whose views are too
extreme (either advocating unstinting violence or appearing as
toadying weaklings addicted to the Europeans' fancy goods and
liquor) are cast out. Further, a number of otherwise blameless
Garou find themselves alone when their septmates fall to the
claws of the invaders who steal their caerns, or to supernatural
sickness, starvation or other ills brought by the European settlers.

On the other hand, a significant number of European Garou
who travel west fit into this category. Like many human pioneers,
these Lone Wolves deliberately set out to get away from societal

constraints — either because they have been banished from
their tribes or because they simply desire to go it alone.
Many of them ride the range as gunfighters, bounty

& hunters, scouts or solitary prospectors.

Chapter Two: Setting

Kinfolk

Garou need to mate with humans or wolves in order to
perpetuate their species. Only one in 10such unionsresults in the
birth of a true Garou. The majority of children born with one
werewolf parent are indistinguishable from normal humans or
wolves except for the fact that the Delirium does not affect them.
This immunity gives them the ability to interact with their
Garou relatives, serving them as allies, companions, friends and
liaisons. These are the Kinfolk of the Garou.

Kinfolk form the vital connections between werewolf society and
the outside world. Some tribes rely on their kin more heavily than
others do. The Iron Riders, Shadow Lords and Bone Gnawers, in
particular, make use of their Kinfolk as go-betweens in their political,
business and underworld dealings. Attitudes toward Kinfolk differ
from tribe to tribe. While Shadow Lords may hold themselves distant
from theirhuman orwolfkin, seeing themasnecessary forbreedingbut
too frail for more important tasks, the Fianna and Children of Gaia
enjoy close relationships with their extended families, includingthem
in many aspects of their lives. The Silver Fangs point with pride to the
aristocratic blood from which they come, while the Bone Gnawers
take a similar (though reversed) satisfaction in mating with those who
are otherwise considered outcast, unwanted or outlawed. Among the
Uktena, Kinfolk are valued and respected for their wise counsel and
cherished as little brothers and sisters. The Wendigo realize that both
humans and wolves are predators by nature and encourage their
Kinfolk to develop as hunters and warriors.

Although they hail from the same stock as Garou, Kinfolk
do not share in the abilities unique to Garou. Tales exist of rare
exceptions in which extraordinary Kinfolk display evidence of
Rage or Gnosis. Indeed, some Kinfolk are capable of becoming
mages, shamans or psychics, although the Garou know little
about these prodigies.

Moots

A blend of socializing, politicking and religious observances,
moots are gatherings in which Garou bond, discuss business,
honor heroes, revile breakers of the Litany and recharge the caern
with their passions and Gnosis. Used to reaffirm their loyalty and
reverence for Gaia, moots are always held at caerns, most often
during the full moon. Werewolves summon spirits and open
Moon Bridges during some moots, inviting visitors from other
caerns. Songs, dances, tales and feasts play large roles in moots.

Types of Moots

Moots may vary by size, purpose and attendance. Each tribe
has its own customs, making each tribal moot somewhat
different than any other tribe's. The following are the most
common sorts of moots.

4@ Sept Moot: Most common of the different moots, sept
mootsare usually held oncea month at the caern of a particular
sept. Though outsiders may attend, they are sometimes viewed
with suspicion. Sept moots recharge the caern.


‘@ Grand Moot: Grand moots are reserved for discussing
weighty issues that affect a whole tribe. All tribe members near
enough to attend are expected to do so.

‘@ Concolation: Concolations are the largest and rarest type
of moot. Called by five elder Garou from five different tribes
during regular moots, concolations are scheduled to occur three
months after being called. Word is sent out and all Garou,
regardless of pack, sept or tribe, are expected to attend.
Concolations are only called to address the most critical matters,
ones that may affect all Garou — such as the building threat of
the Storm Eater.

Revel

When the business of the moot is concluded, Garou cel-
ebrate by changing to Crinos form and rampaging out into the
night to clear away any threats in the area. The activities are so
frenetic that some elderly Garou have died while attempting to
keep pace with youngsters. Revels sometimes send Garou into
frenzy, making them a danger to everything in their path. Once
the revel begins, it continues until dawn or until all are too
exhausted to go on.

Garou Cosmology

Let your soul stand cool and composed before a million universes.

— Walt Whitman, "Song of Myself"

Ac the heart of Garou beliefs is the concept of the Triat, or
the three-fold being of Wyld, Weaver and Wyrm from which
all things come and to which all things go. The Wyld repre-
sents unbridled creation — the formless, raw, ebullient
manifestation of chaos. The Weaver stands for order and
symmetry — the principle that gives substance to shadow and
imposes form and shape on that which has none. The Wyrm
embodies inevitable decay — the destruction of existing forms
to make way for the coming of new ones.

Once, these three elements existed in a harmonious dynamic,
forming a continuous cycle in which chaos gave way to pattern,
which in turn decayed into chaos once again. Noone knows what
brought about a change in this relationship, but change it did,
and disharmony, evil and corruption entered the mix, transform-
ing the world forever. Some lorekeepers among the Garou claim
that madness seized the Weaver and that, in succumbing to the
compulsion to spin a pattern around all of creation, she trapped
the Wyrm in one of her webs. Injured in its escape, the Wyrm, in
turn, fell prey to an insane desire to destroy everything and to
corrupt the stuff of the Wyld so that nothing could ever be made
again. Others maintain that the seeds of perversity lay dormant
within the Wyrm from the beginning, only awaiting a chance to
grow, thus infecting the Weaver through her creations.

The Wyrm stands as the foremost opponent of everything
the Garou have swom to protect. Humanity, as perfect tools for
the Weaver, has given it unfair advantage over the Wyld, and
so the Garou dedicate themselves to limiting the Weaver's

58 Werewolf: The Wild West

manifestations. As protectors of the Wyld, the Garou are
poised as buffers against two fearsome and powerful antago-
nists, destined to fight what seems to be a losing battle.

Beneath the Triat, there exist beings known as Celestines,
potent godlike spirits such as Luna, Helios and Gaia. Certain
septs devote themselves to one of these powerful beings,
though all Garou, as Earthly creatures, are the children of Gaia.

Under these are the Incarna or demigods, who are given
reverence, but are rarely worshipped. Tribal totems such as
Grandfather Thunder and Unicorn are Incarna. Lesser spirits
also exist, known as Jagglings or Gafflings. Elementals belong
to this category as well. Wyrm-corrupted spirits are known as
Banes (see the section on the Wyrm).

Umbral War

The Umbra that surrounds the Pure Lands resonates with
the chaotic confusion of a spirit battleground, echoing (or
perhaps causing) the violent clashes that arise as the Weaver
takes that part of the spirit world by storm. Where the Pure
Lands once found their most pristine reflection in the sur-
rounding Umbra, now (unlike other parts of the Umbra)
Luna's light shines only dimly, obscured by oddly-tinted
clouds in the overcast sky. Wyld spirits range freely in this
turbulent realm, but where once the Wyld held complete
sway, it now finds itself pressed by the newly arrived forces of
Weaver and Wyrm.

Although the native human populations of the West em-
ploy the tools of the Weaver in crafting their societies, they
have not completely given themselves over to the idea of
constant "making." Thus, Weaver-spirits exist in relatively
small numbers, but pose little challenge to the Wyld-spirits,
which consider this part of the Umbra their playground. The
vast network of Uktena and, to some extent, Wendigo caerns
holds in check the destructive spirits spawned by the Wyrm. In
particular, one great, bloated Wyrm-spirit, a gluttonous Bane
who sated his hunger on the spirit energies of the Wyld, was
bound beneath the earth by achain of potent caerns. Prevented
from loosing their powers of corruption upon either the physi-
cal or Umbral realms, Wyrm-spirits managed only occasional
forays — until the arrival of Europeans.

With the coming of Europeans and their Garou allies, both
Wyrm and Weaver receive sudden and overpowering rein-
forcements. Wyld spirits everywhere react with outraged panic,
and their emergency is reflected across the Gauntlet. In addi-
tion, as European Garou claim Uktena and Wendigo caerns,
they unknowingly disrupt the bindings that hold the Wyrm's
minions in check, allowing the foul beings to assume an active
role in both the Umbra and the physical world. Eventually,
they release the great Bane — the Storm Eater. This horrid
manifestation of the Wyrm exudes its poisonous presence
throughout the remainder of the century, combining its

essence with the Weaver's newly gained powerful

energies to befoul the lands once called pure.


Brother, I would tell you, in a most soft, loving and friendly
manner, to go back over the mountain and stay there.

— Chief Beaver (Delaware)

Often thought of as one large area of land, the West
actually consists of several distinct topographical re-
gions. Between 1830 and 1890, most of this vast expanse
of mountains, deserts, plains and prairies becomes in-
corporated into the United States
eventually, as states. The Garou influence in these areas
changes throughout the 19th century as the influx of
immigrant Garou tribes displaces the native Uktena and
Wendigo, mimicking the patterns of the human settlers
and native humans.

The Great Plains 4 | |

territories and,

The vast, open prairies that stretch west from the
Mississippi to the Rockies hold little initial attrac- A
tion for settlers drawn by the promise of fertile land (4
or instant wealth in California and Oregon. Com- 9, 4
prising most of the land included in the Louisiana
Purchase, this region includes Missouri and what will
eventually become the states of Arkansas, lowa, Minne-
sota, North and South Dakota, Nebraska and Kansas. The
Wendigo, in the northern plains, and the Uktena, farther
south, gradually find their lands "claimed," first by the
Fianna and Get of Fenris, who accompany their homestead-
ing Irish and German Kinfolk, and later by other European
tribes such as the Silver Fangs and Iron Riders, who move
west in greater numbers after the Civil War.

Rockies

The towering peaks of the Rocky Mountains form a formi-
dable barrier to western expansion. Until the coming of the
transcontinental railroad, they limit travel through passes to
certain times of the year and discourage many hopeful settlers.
Wendigo comprise the bulk of native Garou in the land that will
become the states of Idaho, Montana, Wyoming and Colorado,
although a few Uktena claim lands in the southern Rockies.

European Garou arrived in the region as early as the 18th
century, when French and English trappers and soldiers
established trading posts and forts to secure the valuable

furs in the region. Later, th
these same outposts be-
come stopping places
(and, occasionally,
settlements)
for westward-
bound settlers.


ASSESS TS

ZLELG

Great Salt Desert
and Surroundings

The region that will become Utah and Nevada consists of
mountains, desert, sagebrush and the Great Salt Lake Valley. This
land is stark and beautiful, but forbidding to all but the hardiest of
people — both native and newcomer. This region is the crossroads
for both Wendigo and Uktena; a few European Garou settle here
until the middle of the century. The discovery of silver in the
Comstock Lode and the coming of the railroad bring the Bone
Gnawers, Iron Riders, Silent Striders and Shadow Lords, along
with some Children of Gaia who accompany the Mormons in their
search for a place to call their own.

Southwest

The home of the Grand Canyon, the Painted Desert and
other spectacular geological formations, the hot and dry lands
that will become Arizona and New Mexico are among the first
regions that European newcomers encounter. As early as the
1600s, the Uktena, along with their human Kinfolk among the
pueblo tribes, struggled against Spanish attempts to establish

connections between their settlements in Mexicoandalong

the California coast. Although only a few European
Garou accompanied the Spanish, other tribes soon
follow as American claims to those lands

intensify. By
the

time of the Mexican-American War in 1846, the Fianna and
Silver Fangs, along with most of the other European tribes,
constitute a significant presence in this hotly contested region.

Indian Territory

The panhandle-shaped region north of Texas stands as a
holding-ground for
their homes in the eastern United States. Here, uprooted Uktena
compete for land against their native cousins. Throughout the
19th century, the eastern part of what will eventually become the
state of Oklahoma retains the status of "Indian Territory."

Texas

Part of Mexico until its rocky road to independence and
eventual assimilation into the United States, Texas and its
sprawling, varied landscape represents one of the earliest
meeting places for native and European Garou. Here the
Uktena, already beleaguered by their dealings with the Span-
ish, find their territory claimed by incoming Fianna and Get of
Fenris, who arrive with their Kinfolk.
California

By 1830, most of the Uktena have already seen the decima-
tion of their Kinfolk due to the depredations of the Spanish. The
fertile valleys and redwood forests of California,

the objects of early westward expansion,
attract European Garou. Nearly all the
tribes are represented along the Pa-
cific Coast, although the cities of
San Francisco and Los Ange-
les are the special province

of the Iron Riders,

Shadow Lords and

Bone Gnawers.

ative Americans driven westward from


Pacific Northwest

The short-lived but lucrative fur trade brings French, English
and Russian trappers to the dense forests of the Oregon Territory,
and early settlers traverse the Oregon Trail in search of new homes
far from the crowded eastern seaboard. Along with themcome the
Garou— Fianna, Silver Fangs, Bone Gnawers and Red Talons —
all eager to claim part of this wilderness for themselves. The native
Wendigo, jealous of both their human and wolf Kinfolk, react to
the presence of strangers with wariness and, often, hostility.

The Wyrm

Lam the pebble in your very own eye

Iam the sword and your enemy dies.

Tam the storm and the hurricane wind

I am the thom of unkind friend

Tam desire what color my eyes?

1 am Loki wizard of lies

Catch me, find me, see me if you can

Tam the guilt of an honest man

— Incredible String Band, "Creation"

Personification of corruption and decay, god-demon and
spawner of monstrosities, the Wyrm haunts the Garou. They hate
and fear it like no other enemy. Though they have battled its
minions since the dawn of time, no werewolf (except some of the
Black Spiral Dancers) has directly interacted with it. Its destruc-
tive manifestations are caused by Banes, fomori and other Wyrm
servants, though all are apparently guided by the malevolent
entity's will. Eater-of-Souls, who devoured all in its path and who
was driven from the shores of the Pure Lands by the Croatan's
sacrifice, is rumored to be one of several aspects of the Wyrm itself.
Regardless of what aspect it assumes, the Wyrm spews forth
violence, destruction, corruption and horror wherever it goes.

Banes

Though the Wyrm has mortal agents, corrupt and evil
spirits called Banes also act as its servants. Some Garou believe
Banes are smaller parts of the Wyrm itself, spun off as Avatars
of different aspects of that dread creature. Most think these
horrid spirits possess their own intelligence and therefore work
for the Wyrm rather than as an integral part of it.

Almost unlimited in their variety, Banes personify negative
and malevolent forces. Banes of hatred, terror, corruption, pollu-
tion and disease are all known, as are myriad other types. Banes
are most often encountered in the Umbra, which is their home,
and these foul spirits have knowledge of spirit Charms that they
use to corrupt those they meet. Some possess Garou and humans,
corrupting them from within as they urge their victims to commit
horrible acts of destruction and evil. When they manifest in the

physical world, they assume horrific forms to disgust and
sicken their opponents.

Chapter Two: Setting

But see, amid the mimic rout

A crawling shape intrude!

A blood-red thing that writhes from out

The scenic solitude!

It writhes! — it writhes! — with mortal pangs

The mimes become its food,

And seraphs sob at vermin fangs

In human gore imbued.

— Edgar Allan Poe, "The Conqueror Worm"

Places similar to caerns exist — tunneled deep beneath the
earth, like poison mines — that generate power and exalt the
fetid corruption of the Wyrm. In these festering cesspools,
foul toxins and destructive energies accumulate and spread
corrosive poisons, even into the corresponding Umbra. Min-
ions of the Wyrm congregate here, like vultures drawn to an
eternally decaying corpse, feeding on the luminescence of the
unearthly fires that burn with a sickly, green glow. These are
the unholy temples where the Wyrm's agents, human and
otherwise, conduct unspeakable rites and garner power for
their vile schemes. The original Black Spiral Dancers arose
from one of these ancient sites of evil and their descendants
still seek out such places.

In those parts of the world where the Wyrm has been able
to gain a secure foothold through the pollution caused by
unchecked industrialization and by the wanton destruction of
nature, such as in Europe and the American Northeast, Wyrm
caerns sometimes encroach upon the surface of the Earth.
These exposed places did not exist in the Pure Lands until the
19th century. The arrival of settlers in the West, however,
provides the Wyrm with just the opportunity it has been
seeking. Where merciless wars between indigenous and new-
comer Garou result in the abandonment or destruction of
caerns, the minions of the Wyrm seek to befoul these once-
sacred spots, warping them to their master's service. Formerly
pristine glades, waterfalls, canyons and forests soon become
festering morasses where normal people fear to go and where
Garou sense the Wyrm-taint that saturates the environs.
Where the armies of progress carve away great chunks of
mountain to make way for their roadway of iron rails or dig
mines deep into the bosom of the Earth in search of mineral
wealth, they unlock some of the heretofore hidden places of
the Wyrm, freeing the trapped poisons within and hastening
the forces of destruction and spiritual decay.

People who dwell near these infested areas either fall
prey to the unseen horrors spawned in them or else suc-
cumb to an inner sickness that twists them into despicable
parodies of human beings. The Wyrm wallows in its ability
to warp that which is pure and clean into something
utterly filthy and depraved, almost as much as it craves
sheer destruction.


Lee Ee

wee AN

=
Wyrm Corruption

It begins with something small — assistance in a time of
need, a snippet of vital information or secret knowledge, a
sudden chance to turn certain defeat into victory. These and
similar temptations offered by the Wyrm through its minions
result in the slow and inexorable corruption of individuals —
both human and Garou — into servants of the Wyrm.

The Wild West provides ample latitude for the Wyrm to do
its work. Lone Wolves are particular targets for the Wyrm's
attacks since they are cut off from most channels of power and
often accept offers to increase their knowledge of Gifts or
replenish their diminishing Gnosis without looking too closely
at the sources of these boons. In addition, some Uktena and
Wendigo, desperate in their losing battle against European
Garou, seek aid wherever they can get it, even if such assistance
involves compromising themselves by trafficking with minions
of the Tunneler (one of their names for the Wyrm). European
Garou are not exempt either, since Urge-Wyrms of Greed,
Envy and Anger find fertile ground in the hearts of
Gnawers and Silver Fangs alike, preying on their desi
claim the Pure Lands and blinding them to the methodsib
which they assert those claims.

Once a werewolf takes an initial pact, his d
into corruption is inevitable. The shadowy fore
deals offer him more power, or provide sanctuary ft
discover the Garou's traitorous dealings with the Wyrm.
Wyrm-seduced Garou are some of the great
race, for their knowledge of caern locations and fril
soon offered to the Wyrm. Former companions, feat
and suspicious of strangers who might be agents
become ever more insularand xenophobic, refusi
Garou who might be allies. Distrust becomes,
breeds violence, and the Wyrm has snared far m
victim in its manipulative coils.

Black Spiral Dancers

Mar it the more, and make it run to wildness.

— Dante, Purgatorio

Long ago a noble Garou tribe known as the White Howlers
fell to the Wyrm. Rather than being destroyed, the Howlers
were horribly changed, driven deep into malodorous caverns,
their bodies twisted and minds unhinged. When they emerged,
they had become the Black Spiral Dancers, maddened
werewolves who have been embraced by the coils of the Wyrm
itself and who had looked upon that dread god's face. Corrupt
and depraved, they delight in inflicting torture and engage in
cannibalism, gorging themselves on Garou flesh.

In many ways, this corrupt Garou tribe functions as the
Wyrm's most valuable tool, since its members mirror both the
inner and outer madness of their creator. Born to suitably
debauched Kinfolk, Dancers-to-be undergo abduction and
initiation like other Garou, although the nature of their

experiences is tailored to produce warped creatures dedicated
wholly to the Wyrm. Within each Black Spiral hive (their
word for caern) lie foul pits of darkness and a labyrinthine
spiral whose pattern replicates the Wyrm's tormented nature,
ora pool in which the Wyrm's reflection can be seen by those
who gaze into its depths. Confined in these places of torment,
forced to walk the spiral or stare into the pool, newly made
Black Spiral Dancers suffer the breakdown of all sanity,
discovering within themselves their own particular demons.
Those who don't die from terror emerge as full members of the
tribe, twisted in both spirit and body.

Granted both inherent strength and weakness by their
madness, Black Spiral Dancers hurl themselves recklessly
into battles, real and imaginary, howling their nerve-shatter-
ing war cries, heedless of the dangers they face. As agents of
destruction, they have little to lose.

Like other Garou, Black Spiral Dancers employ Rage and
Gnosis, gaining power and learning their own unique Gifts
that allow them to travel the Umbra, summon Wyrm-spirits or
Banes, and channel the energies of their destructive maker into
against their enemies and toxins to pollute the land.
marked physically as well as mentally. Their
deously deformed or misshapen in all their

‘are most noticeable for what they are in
ner and outer distortion are displayed

Garou and Black Spiral Dancers result
battle, almost without exception. Garou
Dancers on sight, if possible, showing no
accepting no surrender (not that one of these
Sarou would ever think of baring its throat in submis-

Dancers in the list of honorable foes. On the
‘Black Spiral Dancers delight in capturing Garou
eater they can, since such unfortunates present them with
the opportunity for corruption. They bring them forcibly into
the tribe as "adopted" members. When that fails and the
conquered Garou proves too strong or stubborn to succumb to
their torments, the Dancers can always look forward to the
delights of a tortuous death, followed by a victory feast.

The Black Spiral Dancers arrived in the West as early as the
16th century, traveling in the company of conquistadors and
egging on the enslavement and decimation of the native peoples,
weakening their Garou protectors. Now the Dancers journey west
with their Kinfolk, indulging in acts of violence and terror along
the way. The harsh conditions of life in the early boom towns and
primitive outposts and the general lack of law and order enable the
Dancers to exert their insidious influence with little impediment.
Their murderous rampages are all too easily mistaken for Indian
massacres or cavalry "actions." Thus do the Dancers escalate the
general trend toward brutality already evident in the
struggle for dominance of the West.

Werewolf: The Wild West


Tey
The Storm Eater

‘Mid the lightnings,

‘Mid the lightning zigzag,

‘Mid the lightning flashing,

Comes the rain,

Comes the rain with me

— Navaho, "Song of the Rain Chant"

Precious few Garou are aware of the existence of this
potent Wyrm-spirit. It is so powerful that the greatest forces
of nature bow in the face of its rampant might and awesome
capabilities. Fewer still remember precisely when the Storm
Eater was first bound and its terror leashed by the spirit chains
and powerful wards of its Uktena binders. Once a great Bane
that fed upon the Wyld's spirit energies until it assumed
massive size and enormous power, the Storm Eater lay dor-
mant for countless centuries, locked away in its Umbral
prison unable to summon any of its minions.

In the 1830s, a great tremor rocks the Umbra surrounding the
Pure Lands as the European takeover of one too many Uktena and
Wendigo caerns weakens the seals that secure the great Bane's
prison. The creature makes good its escape and quietly begins
feeding on Wyld energies once again, building back its strength.

Its half-sated rumbles resonate into the province of the
Weaver, arousing one of her mighty spirits and attract-

& ing it by the sheer force of the Bane's magnitude.

Chapter Two: Setting

Weaver and Wyrm combine into a cataclysmic new entity —the
Storm Eater—and a new horror erupts into the world. Exploding
into the High Umbra, it exults in its newfound freedom and
thunders its triumph across all the realms. Minions of the trans-
formed Storm Eater, bearing aspects of both spiritual parents,
range throughout the Near Umbra and traverse the Gauntlet into
the physical world, wreaking havoc upon creatures of Gaia —

Garou in particular — and causing chaos and disruption.

Because so little is known about this entity, the Garou
who encounter the Storm Eater's spawn are hard pressed to
deal with them successfully. European Garou have alien-
ated those among the Uktena and Wendigo who might
retain some arcane knowledge of its precursor, the great
Bane (including the secrets of its binding). Native Garou
are too beleaguered by their battles to retain their home-
lands to turn their attention fully to its defeat. The shadow
of this monstrous entity casts its pall over the whole of the
Savage West, heightening its excesses and adding to the
tribulations that face all Garou.

Mockeries

Humans and animals exposed to the corrupt influences of
the Wyrm become transformed into horrible, frightening crea-
tures known as mockeries. Also called "fomori" by the Fianna,
these infested servants of the Wyrm act as agents of corruption
and front-line soldiers in the battle against Gaia and the Wyld.


Mockeries are born from exposure to poisonous sites such as
Wyrm caerns, from ingestion of substances corrupted by the
Wyrm, and from possession by Banes. The result isa vile, though
formidable creation capable of facing off against Garou. The
Wyrm grants certain powei
making them almost invincible against mere humans or normal
animals. Even Garou fear these foul creatures, for their powers
enable them toseverely hurt, cripple oreven kill Garou. Defenses
such as armored skin may enable mockeries to withstand the
fangs and claws of Garou, while offensive powers like sharpened
silver teeth, poisonousspittle or acidic blood allow them to inflict
tremendous damage. Occasionally, entire families fall under the
control of powerful Banes, forming twisted dynasties as succeed-

s — similar to Gifts — to mockeries,

ing generations are initiated into the service of the Wyrm.

Since the Wyrm embodies decay and destruction, mock-
eries, in return for their powers, show the inner rot that
infects their bodies and souls. Bleeding pustules, snaggled
fangs set into oozing gums, weird gangrenous lumps and the
reek of a five-day-old corpse are just a few of the ways their
taint may outwardly manifest.

Many mockeries, especially those in the final stages of corrup-
tion (just before their deaths), are little more than mindless
automatons bent on savage displays of aggression. Many more,
however, retain some semblance of their former selves
and insinuate themselves into human society,
where they continue to work for the
Wyrm as corruptors of the in-
nocent and weak.

SSS

ZIELs

Mockeries often appear in the guises of bestial, barely civi-
lized bounty hunters, trappers, bandits, prospectors, and various
low-lives in the early boom-towns and whistle-stops along the
western trails. S

Sometimes entire towns house fomori families,
forming communities of terror that engulf strangers unfortunate
enough to enter them. The Uktena and Wendigo tell stories of
evil spirits that wander the land in the bodies of humans, driven
by murderous desires and an insatiable hunger for human flesh.
By far the most frightening fomori, however, are the ones who
seem normal to the naked eye, for they can often hide their foul
natures long enough to perform the most heinous acts of
destruction and perversion, all while remaining in the guise of
a local banker or sheriff.

Other Antagonists

Although the Wyrm and its minions serve as the
primary opponents of the Garou, other groups of
mortals and supernatural creatures have
goals that conflict with the aims
of Gaia's protectors and
warriors.


Hunters

Occasionally the Delirium fails to do its work adequately and
knowledge of the existence of shapechanging "demons" filters its
way into the consciousness of certain humans who then dedicate
themselves to ridding the world of these abominations. These self-
styled "hunters" are often no more than suicides waiting to happen
as mortal abilities present no real challenge to any Garou worth her
salt. Some hunters, however, take the time and trouble to know their
quarry. The Inquisition still exists and some of its agents wander the
Americas searching for minions of evil to destroy. Others are
unknowingly descended from Kinfolk and are thus immune to the:

Delirium. Unless theyareaided by overwhelmingriumberssequipped

with special implements (suchassilverbullets)ortrainedin theways:
of Numina or magick, hunters can do/little more than harry | the
Garou. Sometimes, duringthese' troublesomedecadks,thatisenough,

Enlightened Society
of the Weeping Moon.

This neo-Masonic order nuithbers A Among its members betel

prominent business people, influential cattlettien-and political"
aspirants. With its practitioners of, preudd-spiritualist + rites"and
fraternal initiations, the society tracesits roots backover aCenturyr
Its stated goals include providing feliefforwidows and orphans,
making loans to small businesses, providing start-up cash' for
farmers and ranchers, and funding missionaries'to convert hea*
thens. Members of the society lobby"for reforms:and laws-that:
create greater opportunities for theif entreprencuriallgoals.\
Most people see the WeepingMoon asa harmless charitable =
organization that functions somewhat like amen'sclub (though
surprisingly, its members include se¥eral women)/A'few but- ,
siders find the society's spiritualist trappings aS suspectas those_
of the Masonic orders that they resemble. While'most Gatou
lump members in with the majorityvof dther Weaver- influ-
enced business barons, some reserve jodgimertt, The society ™
does represent a powerful voting block and atcoalition. of land
owners, and is therefore a potential antagonist. v4

Other Supernaturals

2
Supernatural antagonists pose an even greater threat_to

Garou. The powers and natural weaponry of vampires, the.
reality bending power of mages, the eerie abilities of wraiths »y
and the unpredictable talents of changelings often make them
serious contestants in battles of wits, weapons and wills.

Vampires
Much as folks would like to believe otherwise, the dead walk the
Savage West. Centuries ofhatred run between werewolfand vampire;
the two are swom to kill one another on sight. Corrupt and foul, the
Wyrm-tainted undead unnaturally prolong their lives long past the
time when Gaia intended them toretum todust. Werewolvessee
vampires as the embodiment of the principle of undying
corruption. Their very existence constitutes a slap in the
face of Gaia by denying the natural cycle of life and death.

The dependence of vampires on large populations of hu-
mans toslake their twofold thirst for blood and temporal power
makes these walking cadavers stealthy supporters of the rise of
cities and the development of urban centers of population.
This angers the werewolves, who view the proliferation of
towns as blights on the landscape.

The sparsely settled West, however, provides little in the way of
hospitality for most vampires. Only in growing cities such as San
Francisco, Houston, Santa Fe and other sizable human enclaves can
more than a handful of these leeches find sufficient population to
support them. In those places where vampires have managed to
insinuate themselves, they bring human institutions under their
cntfol. Many of the fiercest battles between Iron Riders, Shadow
‘Lords!and Borie Gnaweis against vampires take the form of power
struggles ‘ver which group will exercise the greatest influence over
Unaispectinigmortals. Still those cadavers who do walk the wild lands

are uauallyctey ad powerful enough to give pause to most Garou.
"Mages

‘ \Holdovers Pots Inythic age, mages are mortals who
etry.to.impose thit willson teal ity and shape it to their own desires.
Most Gardu havertittle "Use for, or love of, the Namers. Generally
speaking, werewolves quantify mages as working either magick or
medicine-medicinebeingpower used only for beneficial, Gaian
purposes, while magick is rather more invasiive. Magick workers
areas fare a§ the Tegendarymwhite buffalo in the West; medicine

" workers are a'bit moté common. Those known as Dreamspeakers

share the Garoti's close attunement with the spirit world and often
ally with the Ukténa and, Wendigo in their mutual battle to
preserye their homelands and/peoples.

<Thisisioc say thatsio European magesexist in the Savage West;
one dr by artived with the Spanish, or later, in the company of
various missionaty of evangelical groups. A few mages help lead the
charge indevelopingand ‘improving' the westem lands, bringing the

jglories of tiyilization ‘arid scientific advancement to the backward
wildemess, ‘Some Rave picked up shadowy reputations as hired guns
rand ha

ajiklass ‘Each claimsa different perspective on the Art of
bithe Garou see little distinction among them. While
little contact between Garou of any kind and mages

of Eliropean ancestry, most encounters are less than friendly.

Wraiths

G Most Garou, European and native, have a healthy respect for the

4 spicits of the dead known as ghosts, wraiths or ancestors. Seen as a

fatural part of Gaia's cycle of life and death, wraiths inhabit their
‘own part of the spirit realm, the Dark Umbra, and rarely manifest in
the physical world. When they do, they usually haunt the sites of
their deaths or places or people who meant a lot to them. While the
native tribes honor their dead ancestors, they fear the dark, twisted
wraiths knownas hungry ghosts. Uktenaand Wendigo whoencoun-
ter these angry spirits recognize the shadow of the Wyrm in them.
Massacres, famine, natural and man-made disasters, gun-
fights, lynchings and range wars result in the untimely
deaths of many mortals, whose restless spirits linger just
beyond the world of the living, tied to it by a sense of

Chapter Two: Setting 65

1


unfinished business. Boom towns where gold and silver lines
have played out are called "ghost towns" with good reason;
wraiths find solace in these abandoned and desolate places.
Garou rarely have dealings with wraiths, with a few notable
exceptions. Occasionally, Uktena or Wendigo Theurges seek
to lay an unhappy spirit to rest or banish a hungry ghost to
protect their Kinfolk. Among European Garou, only the Silent
Striders show an active and sometimes compulsive desire to
communicate with the spirits of those who have passed on.

Fae

AllGarouare wary of the tricks that the fae can pull whenannoyed.
European fae of any type are extremely rare, however. Finding more
than one or two together is a task almost as difficult as locating the
fabled city of El Dorado. Native Garou, especially the Uktena,
occasionally involve themselves in the war between their allies, the
native changelings known as Nunnehi, and these newcomers.

Native changelings, exist in many forms and are not usually
hostile to Garou. The remnants of the once-proud faerie races,
now reduced to housing themselves in mortal flesh, share with
the Garou a profound hatred and distaste for the harsh reality of
iron rails and spiritual barrenness. Unfortunately, the Nunnehi
are also forced to compete with the Garou for the diminishing
sites of available power that they, too, need to survive in their
present forms. Among the Uktena and Wendigo, the Nunnehi
more often find common ground and form alliances. In particu-
lar, the Uktena seek out contact with the Nunnehi, sharing lore
and attempting to preserv itions. Nunnehi atti-
tudes toward European Garou, however, reflect their general
distrust ofanyone who might endanger their tenuous holdon the

few enchanted jp places left to them.

ancient

SESS

ZLEZ;

Suggested Books
and Films

Books

The following selection of books may provide more detailed
information on the West and its people, both native and
newcomer. It is by no means an exhaustive list and more
sources can be obtained at libraries and bookstores. Good
picture books of the West are highly recommended, particu-
larly to get a visual feel or even photo references for the game.

W The Life and Death of Crazy Horse, by Russell Freedman,
drawings by Amos Bad Heart Bull. A wonderful portrait of the
influential war leader.

W The Disputed Lands: A History of the American West, by
Alexander B. Adams. This provides a thorough, though
Eurocentric, overview.

Ye The Native Americans: An Illustrated History, by Turner
Publishing. This coffee-table book contains a wealth of infor-
mation and illustrations.

w The American West, by Dee Brown. Recounts the power
struggles between Native Americans, ranchers and settlers.
4@ The American Heritage History of the Great West, by David
Lavender. Somewhat dated, but with good maps and photos:
%W The Oxford History of the American West, edited by Clyde
A. Milner II, Carol A. O'Connor and Martha A. Sandweiss.
Comprehensi cademic sourcebook.
w The Wild West, by the editors of Time-Life Books. Com-
1) panion book to the PBS miniseries, itis lavishly
fl
ay) W

illustrated, informative and inexpensive.


‘W In Their Own Words: Warriors and Pioneers, collected and
edited by T. J. Stiles. Collection of eyewitness accounts from
and journals by the people who lived the stories.

w Seven Trails West, by Arthur King Peters. A look at
westward expansion through the pioneering routes that linked
the East to the West.

@ Insight Guides: Wild West, ed. by John Gattuso. Though
designed for modern tourists to the West, this contains historic
essays, bits of trivia and lots of color photos.

Films

You can't spit in a video store without hitting a Western.
Some of the better known or "classic" treatments are given
below. All of these portray either the realities or bigger-than-life
myths that have shaped modern perceptions of the Wild West.

W The Magnificent Seven. Hired good guys fight off banditos
terrorizing a town.

w Dances with Wolves. Kevin Costner's paean to the wide-
open spaces and the glories of the Lakota Sioux.

W The West. Excellent Time-Life video series focusing on
all the factors that formed the drama of westward expansion.

‘ Little Big Man. Dustin Hoffman as the last "white"
survivor of the Battle of the Little
Big Horn, though basedon _ (A
a composite of several real
characters. Less
realisticthan " es
ironic. xt Cs

‘e True Grit. The Duke himself as ornery-cuss-good-guy.
This is especially interesting for the period dialogue, more true
to the actual speech of the times than most Westerns portray.

v Unforgiven. Retired bounty hunters take on one more job.
Gritty, dirty and featuring a black character; far more represen-
tative than '50s squeaky-clean depiction of the Old West.

v Silverado and Lonesome Dove. Modern classics.

‘w Wyatt Earp and Tombstone. Different treatments of the
story of Wyatt Earp and his brothers, with depictions of the
famous gunfight at the O.K. Corral.

*W El Dorado. Classic.

W The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Pale Rider. Two
Spaghetti Westerns; vehicles for Clint Eastwood's portrayals of
resolute loners fighting against overwhelming odds.

W Stagecoach. Classic.

‘¥ Geronimo. Recent film supposedly about Geronimo, the
Chiricahua Apache leaderwhom the whitescouldnot defeat. Inreality,
itdealsmore with the whitesinvolvedin thestory, relegatingGeronimo
to some half-mythical status that fails to explain much about him.

‘w | Will Fight No More Forever. Well-told story of Chief
Joseph and the Nez Perce's valiant fight to remain independent

and free in their own lands.

WA Man Called Horse. Probably most interesting for its
depiction of the Sun Dance and other Plains Indian rituals,

w Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. The quintes-
sential "buddy film," interesting forthe legendary outlaw
personalities, trainand bank robbery scenesand change
of setting to South America.

le:



Are you gonna do something or just stand there and bleed?

— Wyatt Earp, Tombstone

Whether you and your troupe are gathering for a one-shot
game of Werewolf: The Wild West or playing the latest
session in an epic, ongoing chronicle, the story is what brings
the characters together. The characters' common goal is the
glue that binds them, the reason why a motley crew of bellig-
erent and disparate werewolves is riding together.

Unlike attending a movie, reading a book or watching televi-
sion, the characters in this story are the audience, and their
enjoyment is a direct reflection of their input. Every participant
playsa vital role. Sure, you're not entertaining a playhouse full of
guests or millions of television viewers, but you're not dependent
on ascript, either. The tale you and your troupe produce is part
of the game. Ultimately, youand your troupe will find yourstories
are part of a living thing. The players are the breath of life. Once
brought to life, the tale grows, sometimes unpredictably. The

quality of the tale is dependent on what goes into it. A game

is simply a pleasant diversion, while a well-told story,
like a work of literature, is high art.

Chapter Three: Storytelling

The Storyteller's Role

Ic's simple to be a player. Just show up with your character
sheet and a fistful of dice and you're set. But your character's
motivation, the people she meets and the resistance she
encounters are all part of the responsibility of the Storyteller.
No small job, that.

The first aspect of this responsibility is the story. It is part of
the Storyteller's duty to create the tale in which the players'
characters take part. This can be as simple as a five-word
mental note or as complex as a vast storyboard flowchart. The
Storyteller must know, however roughly, where she wishes the
story to go and what the characters can expect to encounter
along the way. This is the most important of the Storyteller's
responsibilities, for without a story you only have a tableau.

The Storyteller is the sensory connection to the players,
describing what they see, hear, feel, taste and smell. Is the
street thin or wide? Does it have wooden sidewalks? What


SSSs

ZLLL,

do the tethered horses smell like? Is that the sound of a pistol being drawn? How gritty is the trail dust?
This is the Storyteller's second most important responsibility; without a vivid scene, the players may as well
be grubs digging blindly though dirt.
The Storyteller additionally plays the roles of the nonplayer characters that her players encounter. The world is
full of individuals, and the Wild West is no exception, especially when there are werewolves about. These nonplayer
characters should be as dynamic and vivid as the sensory detail.
The last responsibility of the Storyteller is to interpret the rules. She decides how hard it is for the characters
to carry out their actions, based on the mechanical systems detailed elsewhere in this book. The most important
thing to remember is what the rules are designed to do: help tell a story. If the rules become cumbersome or
anticlimactic, it's the Storyteller's duty to scale them back or forget them entirely. After all, it is more fun and
dramatic to have a character leap from a train into some brambles as it flies from its rails over a bridge than
to have her die a stupid and ignominious death because she didn't have enough dots in Dexterity.

The Players
Soas the Storyteller, you have a vast job before you, but luckily you don't go it alone. One thing you should

do is look at the characters your players create and adapt the story to them. Do the characters have extensive
? Are they stealthy? Do they seem inclined toward politics? Moderation is important here,
because all characters are rarely geared toward the same thing. Most stories are complex combinations
of different types of conflict, giving every player an opportunity to contribute to the tale.
Keep in mind that the players want to enjoy the story as well. Don't let them become
ercising your godlike powers of storytelling. Don't be a jerk; a
is soon without them.

combat skil

mere vehicles for e
Storyteller who fails to consider the needs of her players

On the other side of the coin, don't feel compelled to buckle under every
player's whim. Struggle and conflict in the face of unfavorable odds are
what Werewolf: The Wild West is all about. The best Storytellers
subtly guide the story where the players wish to go, while giving
them enough resistance within the context of the story to give
them a sense of accomplishment. If the characters feel that
they easily overcome what is thrown at them, the inher-
ent tension and excitement of the
game is lost, at which point it turns
into a soulless hack-and-slash.
Storytelling is a tough job, but
someone has to do it. The Story-
teller is the focus and inspiration
for the excitement of the players.
also the most potentially re-
warding of the game
responsibilities. Make sure
the players have fun, and
their excitement pays off
for you as well. You're
the one who creates that
situations that give them
such enjoyment, and
you deserve the satis-
faction of a job
well-done.


LIOR EL:

The Chronicl

Keeping the relationship between players and Storyteller in mind, it's time to get to work
on creating your story. The chronicle is the whole enchilada, the big picture, and it can be as
long or as short as you and your players wish. Each individual session is a small piece of the
greater tale, and can last as long as the Storyteller and players want to keep the story rolling.

What in Tarnation's Going On?

The first step in beginning a story is deciding on a theme and mood. More
than just English-class buzzwords, these two ideas are the core concepts that
give astory meaning and depth. If the Storyteller gives no forethought to
the type of story he wishes to tell, the plotand the characters suffer; they
have no common thread to unite them in their travails.

Theme

Theme is a difficult to grasp as a concept but easy to imple- }
ment ina game. It is the greater meaning, the moral tothe story
and the big picture all in one. It doesn't have to be heavy-
handed or preachy, but it should remark upon or reinforce
some simple truth. Use subtlety; the players will more often
than not illustrate your theme without knowing it.

Some common themes in Werewolf: The Wild
West include:

‘v Strangers in a Strange Land

The vast majority of Garou tribes aren't indigenous to America. This country
isavery newand different place from continental Europe, from which most of the tribes
originally hail. The Wild West lacks the refinement and culture of the Old World,
butitdoesn't have any shortage of its own customs. Inaddition, werewolves, even
Theurges, unfamiliar with the Storm Umbra have difficulty acclimating to the
strange workings of this new land. They are also probably unaware of the
subtleties of the Storm Eater, and may likely do more harm than good.

The other side of the coin is the perspective of the Na
people and Garou. Recent years have seen a prodigious influx of cast-
offs from other nations, and they come in sufficient numbers to
irreparably damage these once-pure lands. The Europeans force the
Native American onto reservations and police their activities.
European settlers, termed Wyrmcomers by the indigenous Garou,
bring with thema host of unpleasantries, including disease, Weaver-
spawned technology, and demon alcohol. Even the natives'
European brethren are problematic and bellicose, as well as
responsible for awakening the Storm Eater itself.

v Spirituality

At its heart, Werewolf is as much a game about spirituality as
about horror, violence or anything else. One of the most common
conflicts between the Pure Ones and the Wyrmcomers is the
disparity of traditions dealing with the Storm Umbra and its native
spirits. Native American tribes of Garou live in symbiosis with the
Velvet Shadow, respecting its spirits and often giving in return for what
they ask. The European Garou have a less harmonious relationship with
the spirit world; most of them usually just stomp into the unfamiliar

Umbra of the West and demand service from its residents. The
spirits become angry and indignant. It is precisely this European
defensiveness and arrogance that awakens the Storm Eater.

Chapter Three: Storytelling


STEN

More so than in any other time in history, people now have the
opportunity to make their own fortunes and stake claims to their
legacies. Manifest Destiny is a powerful motivating force, urging
people westward in the face of adversity. The will of the westem
pioneer is indomitable, and this reflects in his urge to survive and
his determination to make a better life for himself. The Garou are
similar, as they see the Westas eitheran opportunity torenew their
power bases (in the case of exiled Shadow Lords and disenfran-
chised Silver Fangs) ortofinally establish sovereignty forthemselves
(in the case of the Bone Gnawers and the growing Iron Riders).

Mood

Mood is the "feel" or tone of the story, and should be
consistent throughout or players may become confused. Mood
is accentuated by carefully selected settings and nonplayer
characters. Mood doesn't concern the greater meaning of the
story, as theme does, but details the emotional aspect of the
story and how players should react when confronted with a
situation. To create an enjoyable experience, the Storyteller is
free to adjust the mood to her and her players' satisfaction.

Some moods common to Werewolf: The Wild West are:

w Horror

At its core, Wild West is a game about the horror of being a
werewolf. Neither fully human nor fully wolf, the Garou walks
between two worlds. Numerous terrible and unnatural things walk
between these worlds as well, and it is the werewolfs fate to
confront them. The unknown lurks in every shadow and death is
inevitable. Dreadful Wyrm-creatures, the vast infinity of the
Umbra, and the inability to reason with other fanatical Garou are
all good bases for horrific mood. More than that, the possibility of
running human characters in the Savage West can really get the
goose-pimples rising. Even if they're lucky enough to have a
handful of silver bullets, death can still come quickly —and who's
to say they even know that werewolves are real? Horror is arguably
the single most important mood of Werewolf: The Wild West.

¥v Tragedy

The European immigrants press inexorably westward, dis-
placing and murdering the Native Americans as they go. Indian
counterattacks massacre villages of men, women and children.
The Storm Eater destroys without bias. The Garou are slaves to
their shapeshifting nature, and their alienation from both the
human world and the animal often proves their damnation as
they slip into Harano.

wv Violence

Garouare inherently creatures of rage, and they attract violence
like a saloon draws drifters. They are also passionate, and often
resort to physical means when their ire is aroused. Their oppo-
nents, both mortal and supernatural, are also quite adept at
violence because they have to be. More often than not, conflicts
explode into catastrophic levels of violence, sometimes catching
people who have nothing todo withasituation. It's tough outthere
on the frontier, and you'd better be prepared to take your licks.

Considering a location for the story is one of the most
important decisions a Storyteller makes. The characters can
only interact with their environment and with nonplayer
characters, so they better be both convincingand entertaining.
As Werewolf: The Wild West is based in a certain historical
time period, a large part of this decision is made for you. The
second aspect of setting upon which you must decide is history.

If you want to, goahead and cast history to the four winds. The
Savage West is a huge place, and who's going to notice if a
mythical city pops up overnight? Creating completely fictitious
location accomplishes multiple ends. Firstand most importantly,
everyone playing the game can shape their environment, as it
will likely enter the game tabula rasa, You can make up a Savage
West "dream town" and stock it with the people, background and
political structure of your choice, as well as sow a few plot seeds
among the citizens. The disadvantage to creating a completely
new location is that players won't know a great deal about it (and
can't even go to the library to find out more), which may cause
some frustration, especially early in the game.

Remember that if you wing it altogether, you must cover all
aspects of the new location in as much detail as possible to
avoid later contradiction. You must also work out where it fits
in with the rest of the country and its populace.

Another option is to select a real historical location, and cast
its history to the four winds. Who cares who the mayor of Dodge
was in 1853? If you choose todo this, make sure the players know
about it, or they will make assumptions that may or may not be
true in the story. The main benefit of setting the story in a
"historical fiction" milieu is that most players will at least be
somewhat knowledgeable of the location (unless you pick some-
where strange, in which case you have only yourself to blame).

The "historical fiction" route is arguably the best type of setting
for Werewolf: The Wild West due to the design of the game. This
book is essentially designed from a historical standpoint with
werewolves and spirits included; Custer still dies at Little Big
Hom, and Geronimo still surrenders in 1886. The true test is how
the Storyteller and players use these assembled guidelines; if your
troupe finds it more fun to play it another way, more power to you.

Lastly, a purely historical campaign is an option. If you choose
to go this route, a great deal of your work is done for you, and you
must only integrate the characters into the story. Players are
familiar with the area, and may know afew of the local figureheads,
while the Storyteller needs only doa bit of research to get her facts
in order. The disadvantage to playing in a truly historical setting
is that the results of the characters' actions are fairly closed-ended,
or you end up changing history. Not that this is a bad thing...

Ideally, some combination of these settings is probably best.
Players will appreciate the flexibility offered by an open-ended
plot, while the Storyteller can make use of established historical
locations to add a sense of realism to the game. As always,
erron the side of enjoyment. We are not going to send
the setting brigade to whip you into compliance.

7 Werewolf: The Wild West


Keeping the type of setting in mind, it is best to begin
detailing the area in which the characters spend most of their
time. This may be a city or town; it may be a farm well off the
beaten path, ora glade in a dwindling forest. Heck, it may even
be in the middle of the Storm Umbra! Wherever the action
takes place is the logical starting point for fleshing out details.
Either research or invent the pertinent information.

As yououtline your locations, think about which aspects prove
most useful. Where will the characters visit frequently? Where's
the best place to get gossip or other information? Where's a safe
place to make camp? Are the hotels reputable — and is that a plus
or minus? Coming up with specifics will help establish your setting
in two ways. First, if the players go somewhere for which you have
already created details, you don't have to make anything up as you
go. Second, if you do find yourself making things up, you can use
what you have already established as a frame of reference so that
you can at least improvise with consistency.

A Hardy Environment

One thing thatall characters in Werewolf: The Wild West
have in common is harsh surroundings. This makes a good
theme, mood modifier, and applies to any setting; the fact that
it's a tough world is a universal truth.

Medical science in a Savage West setting may be as primi-
tive as "aspirin or opium." Unless you're playing very late in the
period, there's no electricity. People bathe rarely — if ever —
and sometimes you have to eat hardtack for a week straight
(though a werewolf can probably bring down some game). You
have to go outside to a little shed to go to the bathroom, and
there are times when the seat is really cold.

Law also gets a bit sketchy the further west you travel. In some
towns, the sheriff is actually the most recent thug to wander in and
proclaim himself deputized. News travels as fast as a horse or
telegraph signal, and you can bet Black Bart keeps his eye on the
latter. Shootings in the streets are common, as are lynchings after-
ward. Those with enough money or connections are untouchable.

Highlighting the outstanding differences between what we
take for granted in the modern day helps make a Wild West story
all the more realistic. Make subtle references to the differences
between our world and the world of the Wild West, and the story
will benefit greatly. At the same time, sharpen those differences
by grounding them in reality: Life can be quite brutal (especially
when there are werewolves waiting just beyond the door), and it
is frequently so in these wild and frightening times.

s = .

Building the Chronicle
After hammering out a theme, setting and mood that the
Storyteller and the players all enjoy, other specifics of the story
need attention. At this stage, the Storyteller decides how long
the chronicle will last, as well as its foundational events. Player
input is important during this stage of the game's

= formation; if the players don't enjoy themselves, they

won't come back.

¥ Scope

Whatis the focus of the chronicle and how grandare its schemes?
Will the characters protect a band of Hopi from forced residence on
areservation, or aim to prevent California from falling into the sea?
Does the fate of the entire continent hang in the balance or are they
just trying to save their own hides? Define how greata scale you want
to work on and some of the other blanks will fill themselves in.

‘¥ Establish Intent

Hand in hand with theme and mood, intent defines a great deal
about the nature of the conflicts in the chronicle. How will the
players go about resolving their issues? Player input is vital at this
point; if you envision asecretive plot involving tribal schemes and
politicking, and the pack just wants to go out and whup some
paleface ass, there are going to be problems. Like mood, you can
mix and match your conflicts for a captivating combination of
wild action and varied intercharacter relations.

‘ Work in the Characters

Werewolves, being the socially disparate folk they are, need
some kind of common motivating force to keep them working
together. Perhaps they all know the marshal who mysteriously
turns up dead, or they grew up around the city that the railroad
commission plans to destroy. Give the characters a bond. It
keeps the players interested in the story's resolution, and holds
characters and players together as a group. If the only thing the
characters have in common is the fact that their players want
to play Werewolf, the pack will soon degenerate into petty
squabbling and a mess of pointless combat. That's no good.

¥v Plan the Specifics

This is the really cool part. At this stage, the Storyteller takes all
ofher half-baked ideas and puts them back in the oven. Planning the
specifics involves actually creating the plot events of a story and
chronicle, including who the characters are after (or who's after
them), what they're trying to accomplish and where they're going,
alongwith myriad other things. Suffice it to say that here is where the
Storyteller makes up everything that the characters will encounter.

A key part of planning the specifics is creating a powerful
opening scene, as the first scene helps to set the tone and mood for
the whole chronicle. Ifthe opening scene isdull or uninspired ("An
oldman walks up to you in the saloon and gives youa map"), players
will be unimpressed and unlikely to give the game their all. Players
react more favorably and with greater excitement if the opening
scene is riveting and eventful. You may even wish to throw the
players headfirst into the action withoutany back story: "The moon
rides high in the dark Montana sky as the train approaches the
bridge just outside Evansville. The rhythmic clacking of the wheels
on the track lulls you all into half-awareness as the cups of water on.
the table in front of you ripple with the motion, dripping conden-
sation from their sides. A lone trickle of sweat rolls down your back
and is strangely cold. Suddenly, the smell of black powder fills the
air. A tremendous flash of light blinds all of you and you are
deafened by a thunderous explosion. The bridge has been blown!
This train is going to hurtle into the Evansville chasm. Unless you
do something, it's going to take you with it!"

Chapter Three: Storytelling "

T
9

» \


=

Tools for Storytelling

Once the story is established and the game begins, the
players look to the Storyteller to bring them fully into the
experience of the game. As the Storyteller arbitrates every-
thing the characters do, this is a reasonable expectation and
the Storyteller has her hands full making the game memorable.

There are numerous methods and tools that the Storyteller
may use to increase the excitement ofherstory. One of these tools
is an integral part of the tale itself, the mood. Maintaining mood
helps players decide their characters' courses of action and fleshes
out the world in the dark corners that the Storyteller does not
illuminate. Imaginative players fully visualize their environ-
ments with their mind's eyes, including items and people that
have not even been mentioned. For instance, in a game with a
mood of terror, the shadows on the main street loom long and
black as the town clock chimes midnight. Shutters and curtains
hastily close, drawn by dwellers who have unknown business in
the late hour. By comparison, in a chronicle with a mood of loss
and yearning, citizens languish in the streets, without hope to
motivate them. The clock in the center of town doesn'teven tell
the real time; it has been broken so long that it only occasionally
gives out a pathetic metal creak instead of chiming the hour.

Skilled Storytellers also consider the following tools:

w Pacing

The pace of the game helps build a sense of tension for the
players, especially if the pace changes according to the envi-
ronment. Days in Dry Gulch may pass slowly, but when a
beautiful traveling singer comes to town, there doesn't seem to
be enough hours in the day to appreciate her voice, or the
characters may be saving the schoolmarm from the old mine
shaft that could collapse at any minute.

Pacing is also particularly useful when dealing with a chase or
fight scene. The trees of the forest blur by as the lupus Garou charge
after the scent of Wyrm-tainted blood on the wind. The mon-
strous opponents move so quickly that the characters are struck
numerous times before they can deliver a single strike of their own.

But be careful of too many pace changes; what you believe
is a good series of transitions might feel like a jerky roller-
coaster ride to the players.

¥ Voice

The manner in which the Storyteller varies her voice is
another opportunity to bring diversity and quality to a game.
Moments of awe may find the Storyteller speaking in loud and
ominous bass tones, while times of secrecy may require barely
audible whispers. A shrill, high tone is appropriate for times of
frenzied and fast-paced action. Monotonous travel and endless
labor can be portrayed in a dull and droning voice.

The numerous characters that the pack encounters also
have their own distinct voices if the Storyteller has an ad-
equately wide range. Too much range can make characters
seem ridiculous and comical, though, and this technique
should be used without resorting to extremes.

Werewolf: The Wild West

¥ Detailed Supporting Cast

As the world is full of individuals, no two characters that the
pack encounters should be alike. Each of these people is a
thinking, breathing entity with her own likes and dislikes,
enemies, contacts and motivations. Storytellers may select at
least one attribute of any given nonplayer character and
accentuate it, adopting it as the character's master gesture. The
mayor of Rock Canyon might constantly fidget with a pocket
watch while the Uktena shaman speaks condescendingly and
contemptuously to non-native characters. The town drunk
may hum in his stupors, while the old blind man moves with
surprising speed. These mannerisms aren't a perfect substitute
for a fully developed personality, but they make a character
recognizable. The more the Storyteller plays up these "keys"
and the more fleshed out the characters' backgrounds are, the
more vivid and realistic these individuals become.

v Use All Five Senses

Garou are both human and wolf, and one of the inherent
boons of the latter is acutely heightened senses. When detail-
ing any event or circumstance during the course ofa game, give
outstanding reference to these sensory perceptions. Feel the
fragile lightness of the ancient Wendigo fetish and its soft
feathers in your hand. See the astounding array of shimmering
colors of the Lunes as they flicker around you and warn you of
the Storm Eater's passing. Hear the high whine of the steam
brakes on the locomotive and the heavy rumbling as it lurches
into the train depot. Smell the sweat and vile stench of the
Kinfolk turned fomori as he flees into the fresh pine forest.
Taste the subtle hint of salty metallic blood in the otherwise
refreshing cool stream.

Storytellers may wish to emphasize taste, smell and sound in
their stories to increase the alien experience of the Garou; their
senses exist on a level most humans never know. Storytellers
may also wish to focus on these senses with lupus characters,
giving them points of view that are distinctive and different
from those of their homid counterparts.

‘wv Use Music

This one's optional. A few CDs of western trailsongs, Native
American chants or movie scores goa long way toward enriching
the experience. In asense, the game itself is likea movie, and you
may wish to key certain music to certain scenes for the purposes
of making them more dramatic. For example, you can have a
particular piece of music in mind for the big fight between the
characters and the Black Spiral Dancer marauders, or you can
have a Storyteller character sing "Red River Valley" when the
characters are just bedding down after a hard day's ride.

Youmayalsowish touseambient music instead ofa preprogrammed
play list. Put a few soundtracks in the stereo, hit "random" and
go! Ifyoudo this, though, keep the volume low as everyone tends
to get distracted if any vocals come up, and an altogether
inappropriate piece of music may surface at an inoppor-

tune time. Music should be used subtly in this regard, ap

soas not to divert any of the focus away from the game.


Conflict

Does this mean we're not friends anymore?

—Doc Holliday, Tombstone

Conflict creates intensity in a story. It is what keeps the
game interesting, gives the characters motivation and an
agenda to pursue. It should be remembered that although
Werewolf: The Wild West is a proactive game, if the
characters don't take any initiative,
looking for them.

Conflict takes many forms; it doesn'talways have to be combat.
Tribal politics often cause Garou to butt heads over numerous
issues, and few characters are willing to fight an elder. Property-
development corporations acquire deeds to entire towns and aim
to demolish them in pursuit of oil or precious metals; it is foolish
and counterproductive to actually assault a company or its em-
ployees, and characters have to find a more peaceable alternative.
Perhapsa character aims to create a fetish that requires thata spirit
be bound into the item. What if the spirit doesn't want to become
part of the fetish? There are infinite varieties of conflict that occur
outside the realm of physical confrontation; indeed, there are
more situations that call for a thoughtful and civilized approach
than can be remedied by brute for

omething will come

This is not to say that combat does not have its place. This
is, after all, a game about werewolves, savage and atavistic
creatures designed to be sentient fighting machines by their
mother, Gaia. These creatures have every right to want to solve
problems with violence, because it's the way they are best suited
to operate. Combat is one of the most dynamic experiences in
the game, and it's one of the most effective tools — as long as

SSF

it's used with skill. Anyone can come up with a bunch of
statistics for monstrous opponents and throw wave after wave
at the playe
roleplaying. The story and its value become infinitely richer,
however, when there is meaning to the combat or there are
twists that make the players think about why their characters
are fighting. The simplest of these is, of course, the archenemy.
The moment of conflict has greater impact if said enemy has
eluded the characters for a long time, and they have finally
tracked him to his lair with a great deal of effort. The resulting
showdown can be the climax of the chronicle, or the close of
one "act" that sets the scene for another.

his hearkens back to some of the earliest days of

Storytellers find as they progress that complications with
combat add layers of depth to their stories. What if the
characters come face to face with a gang of fomori, the leader
of which is the brother of one of the characters? What if they
chase a Black Spiral Dancer from one end of town to the other
and she holes up ina schoolhouse, which just happens to have
class in se:
control of the enemy and is forced to fight her own packmates?
These and numerous other plot-based devices help make the

combat experience more outstanding — heap them
on! Players appreciate everything the Storyteller
does to alleviate just another fight scene.

ion? What if one of the characters comes under the

Chapter Three: Storytelling


SSSSES

Farad

OX

Establishing Conflict
What follows isa series of suggestions intended to illustrate
the myriad options at a Storyteller's disposal for creating
conflict. Many of these conflicts combine and intermingle
with each other, providing greater depth, detail and meaning
Ae to a story. Naturally, this list is not all-encompassing; it is
I} merely a collection of stock conflicts. No list can ever compare
to the creativity of a gifted Storyteller.
‘¥ Garou vs. the Wyrm
This is the classic struggle of good versus evil and right
versus wrong. The Wyrm is the embodiment of all evil,
corruption and decay, destroying everything it touches. The
Garou are bound into service by Gaia to oppose the its
depredations, and the vast majority of their conflicts are
against the servants and influence of the Wyrm.
Atitssimplest, the Wyrm isacatch-all forevery bad guy the
Storyteller wants to throw at the players, but the Wyrm can be
a great deal more. In addition to wanton destruction and
mindless rampage, the Wyrm works very subtly, corrupt-
ing those who otherwise have good intentions or who
have already begun to embrace its tenets unknowingly.
In fact, the Wyrm often corrupts ou themselves,
offering them power or other benefits in return for
service or other gratitude. The Wyrm commonly comes
in the guise of a sheep among wolves in this regard, in
order to hide its true malevolence and vile ulterior
motives. A Garou who succumbs to the wiles of the
Wyrmisa wretched individual, one who hasultimately
turned her back on everything she once held dear.
The Wyrm is taking anew shape in the form of
the Society,of the Weeping Moon. This pseudo
fraternal mystical order subtly spreads corrup-
<}| -})) tion and quietly taints everything it touches.
HF ‘The society's gradual growth and spread and

increase from the 1830s through the 1890s provides a worri-
some threat to Garou in these nights of impending apocalypse.

v Garou vs. Garou
SY

The Garou Nation is fractured at best and suicidal at
SSN worst. The agendas and goals of the numerous tribes
and their members come into conflict with fright-
ening frequency. This type of conflict covers
<\ everything from intertribal warfare to interper-
sonal rivalries between individual Garou. Thisis
one of the broadest areas of conflict — there are
just so many possibilities.

This type of conflict is particularly powerful when
it affects members of the same pack. Perhaps one
member of the group has a grim reputation or is the
Fes' suspicious sole survivor of another fallen pack; can she
be trusted? It is quite possible that members of mutu-
ally hostile tribes end up in the same pack, as

well, and the antagonisms that occur are
the stuff tragic heroes and antiheroes are made of.

Werewolf: The Wild West


‘ Garou vs. Human

Werewolves often find themselves at odds with the whims of a
short-sighted and self-serving humanity. The Wild West is now
seeing the formation of large cities, which some Garou perceive to
be blights on the face of Gaia. Many Garou rabidly oppose
humanity, wishing to reinstate the Impergium and cull the ranks
ofmen. OtherGarouact onasmallerscale, working to foil the plots
of those who would rape the land for their own benefit.

The tribes may also run into conflict with members of
certain nationalities or ethnic groups, especially during this
time of mass exodus and immigration. It is quite conceivable to
have a Nordic Get of Fenris vehemently opposed to the influx
of Irish and Italians regularly arriving on the eastern shores —
ora Fianna who's bigoted in just the other direction. Neither
is likely to call a Pure One "brother." This kind of prejudice
frequently raises its ugly head and contributes to the ethnic
ghettoes that arise in cities.

This conflict is one of the strongest underlying themes
pervading Werewolf: The Wild West. The Garou, though
they share some ties with humanity, are not humans them-
selves and never see eye-to-eye with mankind on all things.
In the end, the Garou are monsters: horrific shapechanging
stalkers of the midnight hour. Only their allegiance to Gaia
prevents them from becoming mindless beasts. Yet it is this
same allegiance to Gaia that puts them at such great odds
with their human cousins.

v Garou vs. Storm Eater

The Storm Eater's recent release is a point of concern for all
Garou, whether native or immigrant. Its sheer destructive
capacity worries elders and cubs alike, and the wreckage it
leaves in the Umbra is seeping into the physical world.

The problem arises of how to confront the Storm Eater. A
direct physical assault would be sheer folly and doubtless
suicide. Stealthy minor strikes are futile as the Storm Eater is
nota thing that can be slowly whittled down to death. Is there
a way to contain or banish the thing?

This particular conflict is also a direct link to other conflict:
Garou vs. Garou. As the coming of the European tribes
contribute to the release of the Storm Eater, the indigenous
Garou of the Uktena and Wendigo are loath to cooperate with
any of the European Garou, even with regard to uniting against
acommon enemy. This clash of cultures is one of the central
themes of Werewolf: The Wild West, and the groundwork for
many stories can be laid here.

‘ Garou vs. Vampires

The warriors of Gaia eternally clash with the walking dead,
believing them to be servants of the Wyrm as gruesome as any
fomori. The vampires prolong their existence in defiance of Gaia's
will, rising from the grave in gross mockery of all that is natural. In
addition, vampires who often pull the strings of human society
take cover in the cancerous cities that dot the landscape;

the fact that any of these bloodsucking freaks exist at all
& is an insult to the Garou and Gaia herself.

Chapter Three: Storytelling

Some vampires, most notably Gangrel and Ravnos, possess
qualities shared by the Garou, and very few werewolves have
the exact same opinion of these clans. Some Garou welcome
them, seeing the desire for redemption in their motives while
others perceive them to be up to the usual vampire trickery and
deception. Either way, a vampire consorting with a Garou is
not safe from antagonism. What's more, the dead possess their
own array of supernatural powers that rivals the Gifts and rites
of the Garou, making them foes as fierce as any.

‘ Garou vs. Mages

Mages are a peculiar and diverse lot, and very few generali-
ties can be made about them. Sometimes, as with the workers
of true medicine among the native tribes, mages can exist
harmoniously with the Garou. Other times, mages are just as
bad as humans or worse, as they plunder Gaia's resources to
further their own arcane ends.

Many Garou hesitate to have any truck with these bizarre
mortals, as the magick they wield is powerful and incompre-
hensible. Some Garou actively oppose mages, forming raiding
parties to overwhelm their targets with sheer numbers. All
Garou know that mages are dangerous quarry, and anyone who
finds himself at odds with one had better devise a sober plan of
action and know what he's getting into.

¥ Garou vs. Wraiths

Most werewolves have little interaction with the Restless
Dead, as ghosts seem to be trapped in an inaccessible part of the
Umbra. Some wraiths do manage to cross the line between the
realms of the living and the dead, though, and manage to
encounter the Garou. What they seek to accomplish is un-
knownand often ofa very personal nature. Sometimes, however,
deranged and dangerous ghosts find passage across the Gaunt-
let; these phantoms wreak as much havoc as any Bane.

Some Garou find themselves haunted by the lingering
ghosts of people they have bested in combat. Many Theurges
and Silent Striders come in contact with wraiths who are for
some reason fettered to particular places or objects, and who
enlist the aid of the Garou in resolving business to which they
could not attend before they died.

‘¥ Garou vs. the Fae

Werewolves regard faeries as an inscrutable lor, rife with inherent
insanity, and who live out bizarre recreations of the "days of yore."
Though the fae are not frequently involved in the affairs of the Garou,
sometimes the interests of the two cross. During lucid moments,
faeriesseem to believe thatthe Garouare apart of themselves, perhaps
lost to the ravages of time through miscommunication.

Much more frequent, however, are the Native American
changelings, or Nunnehi. While not as capricious as the
increasing quantities of European fae, these dangerous "small
folk" have relations with the Garou that are spotty at best.

Most werewolves feel that the best policy when dealing with
these living embodiments of the Wyld is to let the fae be, lest they
be dragged into some newfangled rendition of A Midsummer
Night's Dreamandbesurreptitiously turned intobunnies. Forsooth.


¥ Native vs. Wyrmcomer

Hand in hand with one of the main themes of Werewolf: The
Wild Westisthe struggle between the indigenous people of the land
and those who arrive from foreign countries and lay claim to the
West. The sheer, overwhelming numbers of immigrants, combined
with their advanced technologies, makes the resistance of the
Native Americans ultimately futile.

Garou relations proceed along the same lines, and the native Uktena
and Wendigo bear deep and justified gradges against European Garou,
whose very presence unleashes one of the most monumental Wyrm
entities ever known. Profound relationships can and must be explored
between these Garou of different origin; there will certainly be conflicts
between charactersifbothnativeand WyrmeomerGarouareinthesamepack.

Shades of Gray

Ultimately, the Garou are only human. Okay, they're not really, but
they are just as prone to personal foibles and flawed vision as anyone
uring these wild times. As such, not every conflict needs to be an issue
of black and white. What ifthe Storm Eater's passing has opened a vein
ofgold, bringing newfound prosperity to an otherwise destitute town?Or
ifa cabal of mages is trying to solve the puzzle of the riotous happenings
inthe Umbra? Twistingan existingconflict by makingnone ofthe parties
in question fully "in the right" is an excellent way to add drama to a story,
and givestheplayersan opportunity toexploretheircharacters' conscience.

Storyteller Hints

Always leave ‘em wantin' more. Then shoot ‘em.

— "Texas" Pete Barleycorn, Bone Gnawer Galliard

The more involved youget with storytelling, the more youfind
yourself developing your own style. During the course of a game,
every Storyteller makes decisions based on her own personal
preferences for how the game should run. Key principles to keep
in mind include the needs of the story, the desires of the players
and how smoothly you can integrate snap decisions.

Listed below are a few gentle reminders and helpful tips to
guide your judgment when running agame. Aftera few sessions
in the Storyteller's seat, you will doubtlessly come up with
tenets of your own, but for now, these are a start.

‘¥ Wing It

Given an average group of players, things will typically deviate
from their original course. When this happens, don't panic; it
shows that the players are thinking things through and are
examining new ways of accomplishing their goals. You should
encourage this, as it reinforces the active role of the playerand also
keeps them from feeling constrained by the story, which can easily
become ascript in the hands ofan unskilled Storyteller. When the
players come up with something off the wall but viable, run with
it, and improvise the story on the fly. With a little practice and a
good poker face, they will never know you are making it up.

¥ Don't Take Any Guff

Don't kowtow to the players. It's fine and good for them to come
up with creative ideas, butsometimes those ideas simply don't work.
As Storyteller, they must accept you as the world-maker, and what
you say is law. Some boulders just can't be lifted, nor should they be.

78

Werewolf: The Wild West

SSSSSN

OXX

Keep an Ace up Your Sleeve

Go ahead and cheat. As the Storyteller, part of your job is
interpreting the rules. You must know when to break them in the
players' favor, when to break them in the antagonists' favor, and
when to throw them out altogether. Temper your use of the rules
with the drama required by the story; that way the players enjoy
the experience more. For example, if your players spend several
sessions foiling the plots of the powerful and corrupt Bane Bonetaker
and they finally have him in their grasp, it's ludicrous to have one
player roll well on a single attack and utterly obliterate the spirit.
This lets down both the players and the Storyteller, while being
anticlimactic. A little tampering can fix that situation; nothing
makes players blanch like saying, "He looks faintly confused, rubs
at the wound a little bit, then snickers in contempt."

¥ Make It Real

When delivering narrative, select your words carefully. Use
language that evokes a vivid sense of reality rather than bland and
lifeless verbiage. See? There'sa contrastright there. One of the easiest
methods for this technique isavoiding game termsunless they're truly
necessary. Players and Storytellers alike rather hear, "Ina remarkable
display of dexterousness, the Fianna leaps from the stagecoach,
grabbing the luggage rack on the way out and somersaulting onto the
roof," than, "Yousucceed with your Dexterity roll andare on the roof."

Camp

Some people deserve to die.

— Ellen, The Quick and the Dead

Though Werewolf: The Wild West is designed with mature
roleplaying, dynamicrelationshipsand problem-solving in mind,
it is quite possible to play strictly for laughs. Known by the same
epithetas the film genre, camp is a combination of mood, theme
and tone that emphasizes comedy and a tongue-in-cheek style.
Just think of any B-grade horror movie spliced with Zane Grey
Theater. Stir in the World of Darkness and you're ready to go.

Addinga little melodrama toany of the elements ofa Werewolf:
The Wild West story results in camp. So can gratuitous use of
western stereotypes and inflated "pioneer gibberish." Any group of
players looking for a light one-shot game or a change of pace from
"serious" roleplaying can always look to camp for an opportunity.

Style

Camp need not be slapstick, though it certainly can be.
Campiness is easily achieved by assuming a schlock Hollywood
attitude and by making every character a caricature. Pick a
character trait and blow it way out of proportion; the squint-
eyed town sheriff's voice becomes a perpetual gravely grate, the
preacher lectures against "evil" (really a scapegoat term for
anything he doesn't like) and the crazy miner carries around a
dust cloud like Pig Pen from Peanuts.

Likewise, the good guys are ultimately good and the bad guys
are ultimately bad (and they only wear black). Play
revolves heavily around the characters' diatribe, er,
dialogue, and the ridiculously pulpy situations in
which they find themselves. Lay iton thick, pardner. *


Them's Fightin' Words

Camp isa great venue forextremely cinematic combat. Playersand
Storytellers alike may wish to consult World of Darkness: Combat
for some particularly extraordinary fighting maneuvers. Camp com-
bat isa clearinghouse for every western bar brawl you have ever seen
and then some. Imagine nine-foot-tall, seven-hundred-pound
werewolves in serapes sliding each other down a bar while adeadeye
Get of Fenris shoots the chandelier cord, bringing the fixture down
and pinning the Black Spiral Dancer's arms to his sides. Two fomori
graba Child of Gaia and pitch him through the plate-glass windows
atthe front. The Kinfolk bartender goes under the liquor cabinet for
his shotgun and the Silent Strider showgirl at the top of the stairs
cracks the heads of two omery cusses together. Suddenly everything
grows quiet as the saloon doors swing open and the Silver Fang
lawman strides in, white hat and silver badge (how does he do that?)
gleaming in the moonlight. A tumbleweed follows him.

Camp as a Tool

Camp may also be used to break up periods of ongoing
chronicle. If combined with a "straight" chronicle, camp
should only appear in moderation, and certainly not when the
dramatic or climactic needs of a scene make it inappropriate.

The old adage states that truth is stranger than fiction, and that
is precisely what injecting a bit of camp into an otherwise

dramatic campaign represents. It bears mentioning that

this is, after all, a game, and sometimes a brief bit of wit
gets a languishing chronicle back on its feet.

Chapter Three: Storytelling

Conclusion

Asevery movie, book, television show, play and song ends, so must
every story. Though there may be loose ends that must still be tied,
villains and Wyrm-spawn to fight, and secrets to uncover, the
governing plot must be resolved at some point.

Thisisnottosay that every chronicle must end; the series of games
you play is as infinite as the enjoyment you glean from them and the
creativity of the players and Storyteller.

Concluding a particular story, however, gives everyone a sense of
completion and ofa job well-done. Granted, some new friendships and
enmities are made along the way, and some secrets revealed, but these
are best left resolved in other stories. The best stories unfold slowly,
leaving clues to further mysteries and opportunities for future adven-
tures. Characters met in one story may be key villains or surprise allies
in others. In this sense, the story is but a small part of the ongoing
chronicle, whether the chronicle itself s finite or epic and boundless.

Ttalsobearsmentioningthatachronicleneed notbe infinite. Thechronicle
and story may be one and the same, a one-shot created and played for simple
enjoyment without any long-term obligations. In the end, it's all up to the
Storyteller and the players, for only they can give cach other exactly what they
want, and each participant will get exactly as much as she puts into the process.

Remember that characters are vital to the success of the story. Without
characters, thestory goesnowhere because there isnoone tosolveitspuzzles.

In closing, the whole process of storytelling can be described with
a few simple phrases that should always be kept in mind: Have fun.
Live vicariously. Participate with reckless abandon, and rotate the
responsibility of bringing whisky and cigars.





You gotta know when to hold ‘em,

Know when to fold ‘em;

Know when to walk away

And know when to run.

You never count your money
While your sitting at the table;

There'll be time enough for counting
When the deal is done.
— Kenny Rogers, "The Gambler"

All games have rules. Knowing and bending the rules are the
mark of a winner; riding roughshod over them — breaking them
— that's the mark of a loser. Some games are easy, like a duel
Some games, like poker, are tough because there's more to know
and strategy is required (what with outsmarting the toothy dude
at the table and his greasy, pale, drooling accomplice sitting
behind you trying to spy on your hand), Werewolf: The Wild
West is no different — there are simple rules, but the more you

think about them, the more shades of gray yousee. You only
need the basics, though; your imagination will fill in
the gaps and color the story, making things seem real.

Chapter Four: Rules

This chapter lays down the basics. This chapter takes you
out West like a rail line, to plains thick with cattle and
buffalo, towns full of frightened and untrusting folk, and dark
woods smelling of musty, rotten timber and home to chatter-
ing, rustling things that no one has seen and lived to speak
of. These rules are like signposts telling you what you need to
know — like how far to water or a town. Learn them and you
might just live to see daylight. The facts that are laid out here
might seem odd at first, but they're simple and will become
second nature in time. Learn them and you'll know how to
play the only game in town.

——al


SSeS

Playing a game and staging action scenes requires that you
measure time in certain increments. There are five ways to
measure time in Werewolf: The Wild West.

w Turn — This is a portion of time ina scene, about three
seconds to three minutes. A turn is enough time to do some-
thing (like taking a shot at a jackrabbit).

*w Scene —Thisisa period of roleplaying and action that takes
pla particular locale. A scene has a bunch of turns in it (as
many as you need to finish the scene), but you can just roleplay a
scene as wel

you don't have to use turns to measure it.

‘w Chapter — A big chunk of story, played out in one game
session. It results from connecting scenes with periods of
downtime and rest.

‘w Story — A whole tale with a beginning, a middle anda
lot of hoopla and shouting at the
end, Naturally enough,

the story is the basic
principle of the
game.

‘Chronicle — A whole bunch of stories and adventures about
the lives of your characters and usually centered on an overriding
plotor theme. A chronicle is the ongoing story you all tell together.

Hooting and
Hollering

"You wanna fight?"

"Hey! Them's fightin' words!!"

— Two hicks from Spittleville, The Simpsons

ter's actions, but
roleplaying can only go so far. Sooner or later you'll want your
character to take actions, do things — or try to do things —
that you can't act out, but must describe to the Storyteller. An
action can be anything from jumping a fire-belching crack in

You can roleplay many of your char:

the earth to checking your shadow to make sure it doesn't have
company. You tell the Storyteller what your character is
up to and describe the hows and whats. Some things

come easily, like crossing a street, minding the

ruts and horseshit, to get to the barber; the
Storyteller simply needs to know where
the character is and what she's doing.
However, resolving some actions

means rolling dice to see if the
character wins or loses, succeeds

or fails.


Rolling Dice

Life is about taking risks, from staking a claim to pan for
gold ‘to facing a blister-oozing cougar mad with Wyrm-fever.
It's only natural that Lady Luck plays her hand in Werewolf:
The Wild West. Players roll dice (or throw bones) to represent
chance; events aren't guaranteed in this type of storytelling.
This game calls for 10-sided dice, which you can buy at any
game store worth a damn. If you're the Storyteller, get a lot of
dice, like 10. Players can share.

Whenever your character is performing an action and there
is the possiblility of failure, or if events are complicated, the
Storyteller will tell you to roll dice to determine success. Such
rolls are based on your character's strengths and weaknesses,
and display what he's good or bad at.

Ratings

Your character is described by her Traits — the things she
knows or has learned. Traits are defined with numbers
ranging from | to 5. They representacharacter's
competence and ability. For regular folks,
Traits are around | to 3; the average is 2.
Exceptional folks can have Traits of
4 (Honorable) or 5 (Biblical),
or even 0 (Tetched; mighty
rare for Attributes, but
not unheard of).

Chapter Four: Rules

x Tetched; it's as if you wanted to shoot yourself
. Sissy; you shoot like a little girl

ee Fine; you shoot like my kid brother

£ Respectable; you shoot like Ma when she's madat Pa

jase, | Honccblesyoudhoor ibe you were
peekiatiet hieiareeeden
eeeee Biblical; only the Lord himself could beat that shot

You throw one bone for each dot your character has in a
Trait. That's four dice for four dots in Strength, or one die for
one dot in Perception. Yet you almost never roll based on the
dots in an Attribute alone. Attributes represent intrinsic
ability. You usually add a number of dice equal to the number
of dots your character has in an Ability — the stuff that he has
learned — to your Attribute total. $
wants you to roll to see if your character
notices the spider-legged

rattlesn se,
crawling

if the Storyteller

=z


up behind her, you roll her Perception + Alertness (an Attribute
plus an Ability) as a total number of dice. You roll as many dice
as you have dots in Perception and Alertness combined.

Acharacter's Dice Pool (or "Fist"; "throwing Fist" sounds more
authentic than "rollinga Dice Pool") is the total number of dice that
you can roll in a single turn — usually fora single action. You can
splita Dice Pool if your character attempts more than one action in
a single turn (or your character can get extra actions and Dice
Pools if you spend a Rage point). You almost always roll a number
of dice equal to your character's permanent Trait ratings (the circles
on your character sheet), not his current scores (the squares).

Some actions don't require Ability modifiers, such as when a
character soaks damage from an attack. You use only an At-
tribute in such circumstances, rolling dice equal to the Trait's
rating. Stamina is rolled in the-case of soaking damage.

Never get caught using more than two Traits to make upa Dice
Pool. Furthermore, you can only use one Trait ina single roll ifthe
Trait can be rated as high as 10 (such as Willpower). That Trait
canneverbe combined with another one. It'sgenerally impossible
for a normal soul to have more than 10 bones in a Dice Pool.

Life's Tough All Over

Now that you know how to roll dice, you need to know what
you're shooting for. The Storytellersets each task a difficulty rating
that the player rolls against — like a target to shoot for. Difficulty
is between 2 and 10 (see below for the meaning of the numbers).

Example: Your character wants to shoot a no-good, bloated
critter covered in festering boils. The Storyteller rates that
action difficulty 6. You roll your Dice Pool and get 2,3, 5, 6and
9. Each number that is equal to or higher than the difficulty
number is called a "success." In the example, you get two
successes, though you need only one to get the job done. Still,
the more successes rolled, the better the result.

Difficulties

3 Easy; you can do it sleepwalking

4 Routine; you can do it blindfolded

5 Straightforward; you can do it with one eye closed
6 Standard; a light wind's blowing dust in your eyes,

but you can see well enough

7 Challenging; your fever's making you feel a little
dizzy and is blurring your vision
8 Difficult; you're facing the sun, have blood in your

eyes, and your hog's hot in your hand

9 Extremely Difficult; like shooting black ducks at
night during a lunar eclipse

Degrees of Success

One Success Marginal; you made it to the right town

Two Successes Moderate; you're in the right neighborhood
Three Successes Complete; you have the right address
Exceptional; you know the innkeeper
Phenomenal; the innkeeper sends his full-
grown firstborn to keep you company
during that long, cold winter night

Four Successes
Five Successes

The lower the difficulty, the easier it isto succeed. The higher
the difficulty, the harder it is to succeed. But you know that. The
Storyteller sets high difficulties when your character's action is
complicated, but either sets a low difficulty if the task is easy, or
lets your character succeed automatically. The standard diffi-
culty is 6 and can be assumed when no other difficulty is stated.

So what about difficulties of 2 and 10? Why bother? A 2
means something's so easy that an infant could do it on an empty
stomach. And a 10! That's so tough that you have an equal
chance of succeeding or botching (see below) — no matter how
many dice are in your pool! If you're a Storyteller and you set a
difficulty 10, understand how tough you're making the task. But
if the player gets a 10 on a roll, it's an automatic success, no
matter what. Of course, sometimes even that isn't enough...

The Snake's Eye

Ifyou have luck like the Donner Party androlla 1 (orsnake
eye) on one of your dice, it takes away a success. Take a
success die and the snake-eye die right off the table. Worse,
you can roll enough Is to eliminate all of your successes,
meaning that your character fails at his action. Worse still, if
you roll more Is than successes, something awful happens to
your character — you botch (or misfire). The number of Is
rolled in excess of your successes doesn't matter — one or five
means the same thing. It's up to the Storyteller to decided if
the circumstances call for a minor mishap (your character's
last good match falls into a puddle) or a total disaster (your
character should have set a longer fuse).

Bullseyes

Throwing bones all the time can become dull and can gum
up the works of a story. If there is an action that your character
constantly repeats or if it's simple, assume an automatic success
to keep things moving.

There's a slick way of measuring automatic successes. If the
number of dice in your pool is the same as or higher than the
difficulty of the action, your character succeeds, no ifs, ands or
buts. This kind of success is marginal though, like achieving
only one success. If you want a more spectacular effect (more
than one success), you have to roll normally.

Telling your story or putting on a show is important. Hang
the rules. But keep something in mind: Don't allow automatic
successes for certain kinds of events, like fighting. Some events
are problematic and characters must be cautious.

Sometimes it's possible to achieve an automatic success
even when a roll is required. You can spend a Willpower point
(go read the chapter on Traits if you don't know what Will-
power is all about) for your character to get an automatic
success. Asa player, you don't want to do this all the time; your
character will run out of Willpower points before long and you
won't have any left when she really needs them. Also
remember that a Willpower point only counts for one
success; buying an automatic success is worthless if
you need more than one success.


Dice rolls and automatic successes are used best when

they're combined. In intense or powerful scenes, you might not
want to roll dice because you want to roleplay without inter-
tuptions. When you want to play a game or determine how luck
affects an action, grab a fistful of bones and have at it.

Complications

You already know that by rolling only one or two dice you get
a three-out-of-four shot at scoring a marginal success when the
difficulty is 6. Sounds easy, huh? There are ways to complicate
things, though. Strict roleplaying, simple dice rolls, and automatic
successes are invaluable for telling a story. But complications are
useful when you want to leave an outcome more to chance than
roleplaying, or when you want to create a realistic simulation.

Extended Actions

Actions that need only one success are called simple ac-
tions, and they're resolved quickly. There are some things that
your character will want to do that take time, though, like
climbing out of a gorge. Those are called extended actions. To
succeed at an extended action, you need to roll more than one
success — you need four or eight or even as many as 20! Youroll
repeatedly over subsequent turns until you've accumulated
enough successes.

Forexample, your Storyteller might say, "Well, Runs-Swiftly,
climbing out of that deep gorge is going to take you nine
successes." You start rolling. You know that your character can
climb out if your rolls are successes, but the more rolls you make,
the more chances you have of rolling failures or botches. And if
there's an emergency —say, if a poison-spitting Wyrm-creature
is climbing after your character — your character can't dally.

During an extended action, you roll to accumulate successes
every turn for as longs you want or until you fail to get even one
success. If you don't get any successes, your character might fail
at her action or might not get any headway for a turn. If you
botch, yourcharacter has to go back to herstarting point; all your
accumulated successes are eliminated, you have to start rolling
again from scratch, and your character might get hurt to boot!

Extended actions are more complicated than simple ac-
tions, so watch out for them during intense roleplaying. They
tend to slow things down a touch.

Resisted Actions

Sometimes your character does something that conflicts
directly with what someone else is doing, like two robbers
struggling for a payroll sack. Both players roll against a diffi-
culty number that is usually based on a Trait of the opponent,
and the character who gets the most successes wins. After both
players roll their appropriate Dice Pools and account for
botches, the players' successes cancel each other out on a one-
by-one basis. The player with successes remaining is victorious.

If you roll four successes and another player rolls
three, you win the resisted roll because you have
one more success. If both players roll the same

Chapter Four: Rules

number of successes in the same turn, neither character wins
and the struggle continues into the next turn unless one
character breaks it off.

Obviously it's difficult to achieve an outstanding number of
successes on a resisted roll. Even if your opponent can't whip
you, he can at least take the logs out of your fire.

Actions can also call for resisted and extended rolls. One of
the opponents must accumulate a certain number of successes
in order to succeed completely. Each success above the
opponent's total number of successes rolled in a single turn is
added to a success total. The first opponent to collect the
designated number of successes wins the contest.

Teamwork

Some or all of the characters in a pack can work together to
collectsuccesses. Teamwork is commonly used forextendedactions,
but the Storyteller has final say about when characters can effec-
tively work together. The players roll separately and the group
accumulates all its successes. (Characters' separate Traits can't be
combined for one roll.) Teamwork is useful when there's a ruckus at
asaloon or when fixinga stagecoach wheel before the Indians arrive.

Atother times, acharacteris better off on his own, like when he's
making eyes at that high-stepping, sweet young thing from The
Review, or when visiting the outhouse. No need for friends there.

Second Chances

Failure is worse than flea bites and saddle sores. Sometimes
failure is the only hand Lady Luck deals you. Of course, a
character can always try an action again, but each attempt can
make the action more difficult. Whenever your character tries
to do something he's already failed at or botched on, the
Storyteller has the choice of increasing the difficulty by one.

For example, say your character tries to put the fear of God
in adrunk. If she fails, the drunk isn't going to be too impressed
by her the next time, so the difficulty is one greater. If you're so
pigheaded-stubborn that you just have to try a third time, the
Storyteller again adds another one to the difficulty rating.

The Storyteller always has the option to put a limit on the
number of attempts that are allowed; two attempts are common.
Howcan yourcharacter frightenaman who's busy laughingather?

Other examples of when to impose a limit on the retry rule
are when a character attempts to spring himself from the
hoosegow by picking the lock with a hat pin (Repair), when a
character tries climbing a tree (Athletics) or when he tries to
remember the Apache phrase for "I'd like just a little off the
top, thank-you-kindly" (Linguistics).

Thereare times, however, when the Storytellershouldn't impose
limits on successive attempts, such as in combat. It isn't too
frustrating toshoot atand misssomeone —happensall the time. But
if a character is running out of bullets or keeps missing when she's
standing only a few yards from the target, well... More examples of
when to suspend the limit on retries might be when a character sees
something out of the comer of his eye and he has some advance
warning of trouble (Alertness) or when he dodges (Dodge).


OX]

BAAN |

Well, that's done. Those are the rules. This system for rolling
dice is all you really need to know to venture into the Savage
West. All the other rules in this book are the exceptions or they
help you complicate actions as you like. As long as you under-
stand the mechanics presented here, you won't have any trouble
understanding any of the complications that follow.

You think you need some practice? Use the sample charac-
ter in Chapter 5. Megan Forrest is looking to put down a
freakish Bane she thinks has slinked into the physical world
from the Umbra. The Storyteller decides that finding the
creature has a difficulty of 6. Grab two dice because Megan's
Perception is 2, and two more dice because her Alertness is 2.

You now have four dice — not bad, but not stellar, either.
There's not too much danger of failing; if you had two more
dice, you could even settle for an automatic success because a
Dice Pool of six would match your difficulty number. Go ahead
and throw the bones. Tally up your number of successes,
making sure to take away a success for each 1 you roll. Did you
make it or botch? The more successes you get, the sooner
Megan spots the Bane.

However, one success might mean that while Megan senses the
Bane close by, she isn't in position to get a good slash with her klaive.
Three or four could give her a real edge, maybe even let her look it
straight into its one watery good eye and know it for what it really is.

Fun, huh? Try it again, this time doing an extended and
resisted action. An example would be a stare down, where two
werewolves (or hell, even gunfighters) glare into each other's
eyes until one breaks. Victory requires an indefinite number of
rolls, each requiring different difficulties. You need to collect
five successes more than your opponent to win. Don't forget: A
botch cancels all of your accumulated successes, assuming you
don't lose the match automatically.

Life is easier than you think in Werewolf: The
Wild West because there is only one real rule:
There ain't no rules! Like a blacksmith hammers an
ingot into a shoe, so should you make this game
into whatever you need it to be. If the rules get in
your way, toss them out or bang them into shape.
There's no way a set of rules can capture the
grandness and complications of the real world;
that's what yourstorytellingand imagination is for.
The fact is these rules are more like guidelines or
suggestions and you're free to use, abuse, ignore,
shoot or spit on them as you see fit.

Each player rolls Charisma + Intimidation; the difficulty is the
opponent's Willpower. With three dots in Charisma and none in
Intimidation, the stare down is hardly Megan's forte; thankfully,
her Willpower of six doesn't make it easy on her opponent. And
if these numbers seem a little stingy, don't worry; that's what time
and experience are for. Megan'll get betterasshe goesalong, which
is one of the best reasons for continuing to play the game —
watching your fledgling cub evolve into a truly heroic individual.

Examples of Rolls

Here are some ideas and examples on how to use the rules
presented in this chapter. Each Attribute works with each
Ability described in the Traits chapter. That makes over 200
different kinds of simple rolls that can be made. Some combi-
nations won't come up often (Appearance + Dodge springs to
mind as one example), but you never know.

‘w Rattlers offer a gentlemanly warning, but scorpions are a
lot less noisy. Roll Perception + Alertness (difficulty 9) to see
if you notice the bug crawling into your packmate's bedroll.

w You've been riding for hours on end, but you have to keep
going if you're to reach the caern before the cavalrymen come
through. Roll Stamina + Ride (difficulty 6) to keep going.

4 The lynch mob's one of the ugliest collections of humanity
you've ever seen, and you've got to calm them down. Roll
Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 7) as you pontificate on the
value of law and order. Youneed four successes to convince them.

‘ Youtry toshame the ugly drunk for the temerity of standing
close to you. Roll Appearance + Intimidation (difficulty 8).

4 You're keeping watch while your packmates catch some
shut-eye. Make a Stamina + Alertness roll (difficulty 7) to see
how awake and alert you are when bushwhackers approach your
camp in the predawn gloom.

@ After you've been interrogated for hours, roll Stamina +
Acting (difficulty 8) to see if you can keep your story straight. Five
successes and you finally convince them.

te What the hell kinda lingo is that?! Roll Intelligence +
Linguistics (difficulty 6) to figure it out.

tv That traveling salesman talks a pretty smooth pitch. Roll
Perception + Subterfuge (difficulty 8) to see just how much of
it's bunk. If you get five successes, you can call him on his lies
in broad daylight.

@ It's going to take little muscle to get that wagon wheel back
on the axle. Roll Strength + Crafts (difficulty 6).

@ You have to get the children to stop crying before the
mockeries hear you. Roll Wits + Empathy (difficulty 6) to
gently quiet them in time.

Was that a veiled threat or just a slip of the tongue? Roll
Perception + Intimidation (difficulty 6) to see if the fool's just
tongue-tied or truly asking to be killed.

‘w Reining in the runaway horse team takes a lot of
force and expertise. Roll Strength + Animal Ken

(difficulty 9).


‘w A man throws a crate off the coach that you're chasing.
Roll Wits + Animal Ride to see if you can avoid the obstacle
while keeping your horse under control (difficulty 6).

w You need to cut exactly the right amount of sulfur into
your gunpowder. Roll Dexterity + Science (difficulty 5).

tw How long can you sit still in the bushes outside the
stockade as the two guards chat hour after hour? Roll Stamina
+ Stealth (difficulty 7). Each success buys 30 minutes.

w You need to treat the snakebite, and you need to treat it
now. Roll Wits + Medicine (difficulty 7).

W You foolishly try to break into a Pinkerton-protected
vault. Roll Intelligence + Larceny (difficulty 3) to realize that
you can't possibly open the thing.

W You try to convince the Pinkertons that you're not part
of the band of outlaws that broke into the vault. Roll Manipu-
lation + Subterfuge (difficulty 10). (Damned Pinkertons will
probably confiscate all your gear anyway.)

‘w Istheclerk in the general store lying about what happened?
Roll Perception + Investigation (difficulty 7).

‘w The best way to impress these Fianna roughnecks is to
prove you're as talented as you say you are. Roll Charisma +
Melee (difficulty 8) togive thema fancy display ofbladesmanship.

4 The Sun Dance is grueling, to put it mildly, but you've got
to keep going to attract the spirits' attention. Roll
Stamina + Rituals (difficulty 7).

Chapter Four: Rules

‘w Incarcerated, you try to squeeze out of your leg-irons. Roll
Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 10). Youneed three successes.
4v Can you sway the hanging judge toward being lenient? Not
likely, but you have to try. Roll Charisma + Law (difficulty 9).
‘w Which berries are edible and which ones are poisonous?
Roll Intelligence + Survival (difficulty 5).

‘w Better hope you're as fast on the draw as you say you are.

Roll Wits + Firearms (difficulty 4).

Game Lingo
Abilit
Abilities are Traits such as Intimidation, Firearn

A Trait that indicates whata character has learned.
s and Rituals.
Action: An action is the execution of a consciously willed
ays that his
character does something, the character takes an action.

physical, social or mental action. When a player

Advantages: This is a catch-all category that describes the
Gifts and Backgrounds of a character.

Attribute: A Trait that describes a character's natural-born
aptitudes. Attributes are such things as Strength, Charisma
and Intelligence.

Auspice: The phase of the moon that a Garou was born
under, determining her place and station in werewolf society.

Botch: A miserable failure indicated by rolling more 1s than
Also called a Misfire.

succt


SR

Character: Each player creates a character, an individual to
roleplay over the course of the chronicle. Though "character"
could imply just about any individual, it usually refers to a

player's character in Werewolf: The Wild West.
Dice Pool: This describes the dice that you roll
after you combine your character's Traits. It is
usually the maximum number of dice that you can
roll in one turn, although you can divide these
dice between (or even among) different actions.
(Extra actions and Dice Pools can also be gained
by spending Rage points — see the Traits chap-
ter.) Also Fist for the less formal.

Difficulty: A number from 2 to 10 that deter-
mines how tough it is for your character to
perform an action. You need

toget thatnum-
berorhigheron
at least one of

your dice.

SSSESN

ZLLL;

Downtime: The time spent between scenes when no
roleplaying occurs and turns aren't used. Your character can
still do things, and the Storyteller might flesh events out for
you, but time typically races past.

Extended Action: An action that requires a certain number
of successes to succeed.

Fist: See Dice Pool.

Gifts: The mystical powers of a werewolf.

Gnosis: A measure of the spirituality of a werewolf.
Gnosis (the circles) is a Trait used in various situations
involving the spirit world, such as when a character steps
sideways. Gnosis points (the squares) are used to empower
many Gifts.

Health: A measure of the extent of your character's
injuries, if she's hurting at all.

Misfire: See Botch.

Points: The temporary scores of Traits such as Willpower, Rage
and Health — the stuff signified by the squares, not the circles.

Rage: A measure of a werewolf's anger and inner Beast.
Ra

werewolf's chance of frenzying when under pres

e score (the circles) is a Dice Pool used to determine a
ure. Rage

points (the squares) are spent to gain more chance:
turn. Rage points are regained when your chi
faces setbacks or is embarrassed.


Rating: The permanent value of a Trait, usually a number Trait: Any Attribute, Ability, Advantage or other charac-
between 1 and 5, but sometimes between | and 10. ter index that is described by a number (in terms of dots).

Renown: A rating of a Garou's worth in werewolf soci- Troupe: The group of players, including the Storyteller, that
ety. Renown is critical for Garou; they are very concerned _isplaying Werewolf: The Wild West — usually ona regular basis
with how they are perceived within their tribes and by their Willpower: One of the most important Traits is Willpower,
people. Renown is divided into three different types: Glory, a measure of a character's self-confidence and self-control.
Honor and Wisdom. These totals can be raised by doing Willpower is used differently than most Traits becaus
proper things in the eyes of the tribe and lowered by being
a dirty, yellow-bellied lick-spittle.

Resisted Action: Any action that two different characters
take against each other. Both players compare their numbers of
successes; the character with the most wins.

it's usually spent instead of
rolled as a Dice Pool

Scene: An episode ina story; atime and place where actions
take place moment by moment. A scene is usually a highly
dramatic point in a story.

Simple Action: An action that requires the player to roll
only one success for the character to accomplish the act, but
more successes get better results.

Storyteller: The person that creates the foundation of a
Werewolf: The Wild West story. The Storyteller guides
the story, and takes on the roles of all characters not
roleplayed by players, and determines all events that
are beyond the control of the players.

System: A specific group of complications
that are used in a particular situation;
the rules that guide dice rolling
to create dramatic events.

ra



Eastward I go only by force; but Westward I go free.
— Henry David Thoreau, Walking

In Werewolf: The Wild West, you have the opportunity to
create the hero of a chronicle, infuse him with personality and
decide his actions. Your character can fight ancient evils, work
to cleanse the land of corruption, or hurl himself against rival
tribes and do his best to strike it rich. He can struggle to save the
dignity of his people, or help settlers tame the American frontier.
Your character's motives shape whatever goal you strive for.
Along with the characters of your fellow players, your character
is the main focus for the Storyteller's chronicle, and has an
accordingly suitable amount of control over a game's direction.

Unlike the usually one-dimensional personae of childhood
games of make-believe, a player character should be a fleshed-
outcreation, like the main character ina novel or movie. Good
characters create their own stories, making the game more
enjoyable for everyone. The more you put into a character,
generally, the more fun you get out of this game.

This chapter details how to design your own individual
character, from choosing a broad concept to calculating num-
bers for the character sheet and on to developing a picture of

the character's personality and past. By the time you're
done, your character will be more than a simple jury-
rigged pile of statistics — she'll be a person.

Getting Started

The character creation system for Werewolf: The Wild West
has five main concepts that players should understand before they
start designing characters. They're pretty simple, really.

‘w Characters can be of any age from any culture or region,
depending on the type of chronicle your Storyteller creates;
however, all beginning characters start as inexperienced and
unsophisticated werewolves, fresh from experiencing their First
Change. Most chronicles take place in the Savage West, and
players should give their characters a reason to be in the
American frontier. Apart from that, you can play a Chinese
character who came over to help work the rails, a touring French
actress, a Tlingit who's come south for a spell — whatever you
and your Storyteller agree is interesting and appropriate.

‘¥ This creation process should help you define your
character's capabilities as well as produce a persona to interact
with others during the game. The numbers ona character sheet
can't fully capture a character's essence, but they should
provide a framework for the player to infuse personality. By the
time you're finished, the integration of Traits and personality
should be pretty unified.

Chapter Five: Character Creation 99

OD OOO %

Peet


w Werewolf: The Wild West uses
apurchase system to generate characters. There >.
are no random elements or dice rolling involved _
in the initial character creation. A player makes a
variety of choices to decide who his character is and
‘what strengths and weaknesses that character has.
This system leaves a character with room to
grow, so don't be surprised if a character can't do
everything you want. As game play proceeds,
characters receive experience points that players
can spend to develop the characters more fully.
‘w Werewolf: The Wild West defines most Traits
with one to five points or "dots" on the character sheet.
If you only have one dot in a Trait, you're a novice or below
average. Three dots in a Trait is slightly above average, and
five dots in a Trait puts an individual into the ranks of the
elite. When purchasing physical Traits, keep in mind
that the physical Traits of werewolves improve drasti-
cally as they change forms. Even a bookish scholar can
hold his own when taking one of the war-forms of the Garou.

>

@ Players have a responsibility to create characters who can cooperate
with the other members of the gaming group. If you consistently disrupt the
stories because your character cannot cooperate with others, you'll probably be
required to create a new character. Life in the Savage West is tough enough,
especially for werewolves. A pack that can't work together is vulture food.

. The Storyteller's Role

As the Storyteller, you should guide players during character creation,

Bi describing the basic premise of the game and introducingplayers to the rules.
See Try to make the players' lives easy; keep things simple for beginners and
don't overwhelm them. Make sure that you tell the players your initial
ideas about the setting and the chronicle so that they can create
characters who have an easy time fitting into your stories. (For
/ example, if you want to run a game focusing on taking caerns back
from the European Garou, and don't tell anybody, you'll more than
likely wind up with a pack of European Garou, and your plans will be
spoiled.) This is especially important to players who are not familiar with
the Wild West or who have preconceived notions that your chronicle will use
theirfavorite spaghetti Westernas the backdrop. The environmentof Werewolf:
The Wild West lendsa unique flavor to chronicles, and it's important to make sure
the players understand your interpretation of the setting. Remember,
their characters are going to be the protagonists of your chronicle.

», Giveeach playera character sheet to study. Briefly
review the creation system, answer questions
from the players, and then go through
the process of filling out

the character sheets
SA. with your players. *


CLEEEEL.

Don't be afraid to ask the players questions about their decisions or to
offer recommendations. It's important to make sure that three dots in
a Trait mean the same thing to you as to your player. By the same
token, offer them as much leeway as you can. E
guess at first why the burlesque dancer has Survival, her player may
offer an explanation that kicks your imagination into overdrive.

en if you can't

Most Storytellers find it's a good idea to spend an entire game
session on creating characters. Youcan spend thisfirst session running
your players through preludes, a type of abbreviated storytelling to
flesh out their backstories and help develop stronger character
conceptions. Preludes are covered at the end of this chapter.

Step One:
Character
_CGoncept

Obviously, "ad
each playerneeds to
develop a character con-
cept before anything else. Like "0
framing a picture, a character concept
helpsa player focuson his design. A concept can
bea personality type, an occupation, a stereotype, or
anything else that helps a player define his choice of
character. A concept can be as detailed as a player
likes, but the best concepts are flexible so as to
incorporate changes. Storytellersshould approve
all concepts; an "Indian-killer" conceptmay not
be appropriate for a chronicle that focuses on
making peace with the Pure Ones. (It may make
things a little more interesting, mind, but maybe
a little too interesting for novice groups!)

There are any number of possible concepts, even as seem
ingly limited a setting as the Savage West. Some examples
include: avenger of the wolves, gunfighter, rancher, shaman,
railroad worker, doctor, prospector, missionary, stage-
coach driver, cavalry officer, cavalry deserter, Civil
Warveteran, escapedslave, gambler, snake-oil sales-
man, warrior, lost soul, naive romantic, hunter,
scholar, businessman from the East, outlaw,
young tough, mountain man, andsoon. These
areall possible starting places,
embellish and personalize them even fur-
ther. Forexample, youcancreatea young
prospector who ran away from his rich
New York family to search for gold,
romance and adventure because he
never could fit into high society.
Somewhere on his way to do his pan-

ning, heundergoeshisFirst Change
and discovers that he is more than a

¢ little different from those society types.

but youshould

Chapter Five: Character Creation

Among the werewolves, particularly the lupus, skin color and
gender can often mean much less than they do to humans. Sexism
is rare in sept politics, and typically only homid Garou fall prey to
the racism prevalent throughout the Savage West. Of course,
intolerance among werewolves has led to the current wars over
caerns and the like, but the Storyteller should be wary of overly
punishing a player for the crime of roleplaying an outsider.

Once youhaveageneralconceptin mind, choose yourcharacter's
breed (hi ecies), auspice (role in Garousociety), and tribe (the
group that claims him as a member). These choices help further
define the character in terms of Traits and available options.
f, Carefully consider how your
basic concept works with the
choice of breed, auspice, and
. tribe. Remember that the
purpose of this decision pro-
cessistohelpyoufully
develop a


ZOE,

OXX

character, not to limit your options. You may wish to choose an
auspice that does not fit with the basic concept for the character.
As longas you can rationalize any conflicts and enjoy playing the
character, such decisions tend to make the character more
interesting. Storytellers and fellow players may wish to steer
beginning roleplayers away from characters that are difficult to
play, such as an Ahroun with no fighting skills. Again, this can
be interesting (see the reluctant Ahroun in the Prologue), but
you might want to try out the stereotypes before you break them.

Everyone also needs to bear in mind what sort of characters
their fellow players intend to create. Generally a player should
avoid making a character with abilities or concepts that
overshadow or duplicate those of another player character
without discussing with both the other player and the Story-
teller how the characters will interact and their differences.

‘w Breed: Werewolves are torn between wolves and men,
sharing aspects of both, but truly belonging to neither. When
werewolves reproduce, they breed with either wolves or hu-
mans. Garou born of humans are called homids; those with
wolf parents are lupus. Although it is possible for two Garou
to mate, such liaisons are taboo; the offspring, the metis, are
sterile and deformed.

The children of werewolves aren't usually Garou. For some
unknown reason, the blood often remains latent among
Kinfolk for generations. Therefore, werewolves try to keep
careful track of their bloodlines so that any werewolves born
into these families may be found and raised among fellow
Garou. In the course of westward expansion, many European
tribes have lost track of Kinfolk who were pioneers.
Werewolves who are not watched by their tribes are called
lost cubs. When a lost cub discovers his true nature, he is
alone. He does not have others to guide and comfort him.
Many lost cubs go insane or become outcasts.

Decide whether your character is homid, lupus, or metis.
The choice of a breed colors a character's entire point of view.
Metis characters must select a deformity (see pg. xx for sugges-
tions). There are very few metis in the Savage West, and the
breed is looked down on by almost all werewolves.

‘w Auspice: The phase of the moon a character was born
under determines his auspice. The auspice indicates his
strengths, weaknesses and profession among the Garou. There
are five different auspices, each one with its own unique role
from trickster to warrior. For a complete description of each
auspice, see the Traits chapter.

‘ Tribe: In ancient days, packs of Garou were all composed
of members from one tribe. In the Savage West, packs form
with members from many different tribes. Some enlightened
packs try to maintain a mix of native and European members
in an attempt to avoid conflicts; others only allow members
from one group or the other. Young Garou have found that a
mix of different tribes makes a stronger pack. Garou from
different tribes unite for a variety of reasons. Some share
spiritual beliefs; others have acommon goal, suchas vengeance

against a corrupt cavalry officer, or driving settlers away from
acaern. The Savage West is an unforgiving, mysterious place
where death can hit with the lightning speed of an outlaw's
bullet. Those who travel alone only get to make one mistake.

Each tribe has its own traditions, bloodlines, and markings.
These tribes guard their own Kinfolk and have their own
protective totem-spirits and secret Gifts. A full description of
each tribe is in the Traits chapter.

Step Two:
Choosing Attributes

Now you determine your character's basic Attributes. At-
tributes measure a character's natural prowess. They provide a
measure of his raw potential, although with time and effort, a
character can increase his potential. Attributes answer ques-
tions such as: How accurate a memory does my character have?
How much can he lift? How attractive is he?

You start by prioritizing the three categories of your
character's Attributes: Physical, Mental and Social. Think
about which category is most important for your character
and which is least important. There isn't any particular
hard-and-fast rule to assigning Attributes; just try to stay
true to your original concept.

Physical Attributes cover your character's capacity for
physical feats; they include her speed, toughness, and pure
might. For action-oriented characters, physical Attributes
are often primary. They concern all the strengths and weak-
nesses of the body, both trained and instinctive.

Social Attributes involve the character's natural ability
to interact with others. They determine making first im-
pressions, speaking well, inspiring others and charming
members of the opposite sex.

Mental Attributes involve your character's intellectual prow-
ess. They include her awareness of her world, how well she thinks
on her feet, her talent for logic and reason, and her memory.

All characters start with one dot in each Attribute. Your
priority selection determines how many dots you get to spend in
each category. You may divide seven dots among your character's
primary Attributes, five dots among her secondary Attributes,
and three among her tertiary Attributes. Thus, you may choose
to add seven dots to your character's Physical Attributes, five to
her Mental Attributes, and only three dots to her Social At-
tributes. The dots may be divided among the Attributes of a
category as you see fit; you can assign all three of your Social
Attribute dots to Charisma, one dot to each of the three Social
Attributes, or two dots to one and one dot to another.

Don't spend too much time agonizing over how to assign the
last few dots in any category. You'll get freebie points to spend
later in the character creation process, and with time,
you'll gain experience points. Remember, your char-
acter needs room to grow.

56 Werewolf: The Wild West


a

Step Three:
=
Ch: = =g=no
oosing Abilities
Abilities are the, well, abilities thata character has learned
or developed, rather than his natural Traits. They're the
difference between having a natural charisma and develop-
searching for a character name as pur- ing a true forked tongue. There are three categories of
chasing/Traies. Hom tdiweremolves are Abilities: Talents, Skills, and Knowledges.
born with typical names for their cul- You assign a rating in each Ability your character pos-
ture, although a few may have sesses to determine how many dice you roll when she uses
naturalistic sounding last names such as that Ability. This section of the rules guides you in deter-
Morningkill, Dawnlight, or Teardrop. mining what Abilities to choose and how high or low to rate
These names are often inherited from each Ability.
a Garou parent rather than from hu- You must prioritize Talents, Skills, and Knowledges, just
man families. Players who have as you did with Physical, Social, and Mental Attributes.
characters witha Native American back- Make certain that you read over the list of Abilities and
ground should research the tribe that understand what each Ability is used for and how it affects
their character comes from and choose the game. If you have any questions, ask your Storyteller.
names appropriate for that culture. ‘@ Talents describe all the intuitive Abilities. Talents do
Most Garou take a descriptive name not need to be practiced per se and cannot be studied or learned
upon their Rite of Passage. Swiftbite, from a book; they are most often gained through direct expe-
Eyes-like-the-Sky, and Serpent Stalker YJ rience. Does your character possess a lot of common sense? Has
are all examples. Descriptive names he been in fights often enough to know when to duck?
should relate to the character's Traits or * Skills are the Abilities learned through rigorous training.
deeds. Garou who maintain a normal This category includes any Ability that must be learned step by
" identity may keep more than one name. $ step through actual practice, but that can also be taught and
The important part of choosinga name is studied (unlike most Talents). Is your character good at learn-
to make sure that the name adds to the 3 ing things through practice? (Note that lupus characters have
character. A player may enjoy the di- {¥ restrictions on the specific Skills they may select.)
chotomy of having a Shadow Lord w Knowledges include all the Abilities requiring the
Ahroun named John Jones, but if other rigorous application of the mind. These Abilities are gener-
players snicker each time the character ally learned through school, classes, books, and teachers,
introduces himself as Mr. Jones in Crinos but can also be acquired through experience. Is your char-
form, then perhaps a name like Razor- acter educated; does he have a good memory? (Note: Lupus
Teeth would make the game sessions characters have restrictions on the specific Knowledges
more enjoyable. With the tensions be- they may select.)
tween European and Native American
Garou, most septs with mixed members
prefer descriptive names instead of cul-
tural ones. Baby name books and phone
directories make good sources for nor-
mal human names. Forsample descriptive,
"Garou-sounding" names, just check the
examples in this book, and stir in a dash of
your imagination. Just remember that
a character may need to interact with
the human residents of the Savage

West, and always going by an outland- Step Four: Advantages

Many players spend as much time

You prioritize Abilities in the same way as Attributes.
However, unlike Attributes, characters do not start with a
free dot in any of their Abilities. Also, a player may only raise
an Ability up toa maximum of three (although freebie points
may be used later to raise Abilities up to 5). The primary
choice has 13 dots, the secondary category receives 9, and the
final category gains five.

It's strongly advised thatall homid characters in Werewolf:
The Wild West have at least a single point in Ride. It's just
the most reliable way to get around.

ish name tends to draw some notice. — : ;
You do not prioritize or rank the different categories of

Advantages. You instead have a designated number of dots to
assign within each one. Though this number is fixed, you can
purchase additional dots later with freebie points.


Backgrounds

Every character gets five points to allocate among the 10 Back-
ground Traits. You have only five points to allot, and some tribes
restrict access to certain Backgrounds. Your Background Traits
should fit into the general scheme of the original concept. Back-
grounds are Advantages based on the character's past; essentially,
they reflect where you come from and what you bring with you.

Gifts

Beginning Werewolf characters may also choose three
Gifts: the special secrets and abilities of the Garou. You begin
with one Gift each from your breed, auspice, and tribe (three
total). You may purchase more Gifts with freebie points, but
they must be Level One Gifts.

Renown

Renown is fundamental to werewolves, for it describes how
famous they are among their own society. You begin with a certain
amount (determined by auspice) of permanent Renown in three
different categories: Glory, Honor and Wisdom. Characters begin
with no temporary points; they must earn these during play.

Rank

A character's Rank is determined by the amount of perma-
nent Renown possessed. Rank determines the character's station
and trustworthiness in Garou society, as well as her adherence to
the virtues thereof. All characters begin at Rank One.

Step Five:
Finishing Touches

Often the most important stage of character creation is apply-
ingthe final touches, the little details and flourishes that complete
the character. In this step, you gain your 15 "freebie" points
enabling you toadd more dots toany of the Traits on the character
sheet. Before you spend these points, however, you must record
the base scores for your character's Rage, Gnosis and Willpower.

Rage

Rage quantifies the inner fury of a werewolf. It is the fuel of the
warrior. Rage lets Garou react more often in combat, shift forms
at will, and heal crippling or even lethal wounds. However, a
high Rage makes a werewolf more likely to frenzy and lose control
of her bestial side. Your auspice determines your initial Rage.

Gnosis

Gnosis measures how attuned a character is to the spirit world
and her own spiritual self. Gnosis provides the key to using many
Gifts and conducting Rites. Breed determines starting Gnosis.

Willpower

Willpower measures how much control a character has over
herself and her actions. It also provides a measure of inner strength
andself-confidence, allowinga character tosucceed in situations that
she otherwise may have failed. Willpower is determined by tribe.

Werewolf: The Wild West

ZLELs

Freebie Points

Finally, you have 15 freebie points that you can spend to
improve your Traits. The Character Creation Chart shows the
freebie costs involved to improve a Trait. You can also raise
Abilities over three dots with freebie points.

Spark of Life

So much for rules; now for the fun part. Once all the dotsare filled
inon the character sheet, it's time to polish up the concept. By adding
more details, you create a more complete picture of your character.

Appearance

So, what sort of first impressions will your character make? A
strong description makes it easier for other players to envision the
character. When creating your character's appearance, keep her
Traits in mind. A Garou with a high Dexterity may have a graceful
walk. A character with a high Intelligence may have strong gaze, a
bored look, or a strange self-confidence. A werewolf with a strong
Perception may constantly seem edgy, as if listening to things
ordinary folks can't hear. By evoking Traits to guide a description,
a player creates a stronger image and a more interesting character.

Also consider how the character dresses and grooms herself. In
the 19th century, most people wear hats. Whatsortofhatdoes your
character wear? Does she prefer wearing dresses or is she the type
of woman who puts on a pair of pants (sure to draw attention and
scandal)? If she's a Wendigo or Uktena, does she wear traditional
clothing, European styles or a mixture of both? Is there a particular
color, style or item that the character always likes to wear?

Specialties

You can also assign specialties to any extraordinary Attributes or
Abilities (scores of 4 or higher). These specialties help describe and
define the character, adding qualities to bare numbers. In some
circumstances, the Storyteller may give you a lower difficulty, rerolls
or an extra die if a specialty seems particularly appropriate. For
example, a player may choose to give her Firearms Ability the
specialty: Quick Draw. Another player may have the specialty: Rifles
orTrick Shooting. Ifyouwant, youshouldn'thesitate toadd specialties
to lowerscores; ifa specialty adds toa story, the Storyteller may reward
youwithabonusofsomenature. But whether yougetarulesadvantage
or not, a specialty allows you and your fellow group members to better
envision the character. That's justification enough.

Equipment

If your character has any special equipment or possessions, you
should take some time to work out the details of these items. Fetishes
should certainly be defined, but even mundane equipment deserves
mention. A favorite rifle or shotgun could have a name, a piece of
clothing could hold special significance, or a locket worn by your
character could be herlast tie toa family left behind in the East. Items
are very precious in the Wild West, and not easily replaced.
Werewolves rely less on material objects to get by, buteven
they can't afford to keep buying equipment to replace the
things they leave behind them. »


Horses

In Werewolf: The Wild West, almost every man, woman,
and child know how toridea horse, regardless of whether they
own one or not. If your character owns a horse, you should
name the animal, describe it, and give it a few special personality
traits. A good horse is worth his weight in gold out on the frontier.
Quirks

Quirks make a character unique. Think about any personal stories a
character may have, particular sayings she's overly fond of or habits that she can't
give up. Don't go overboard with quirks and make her silly or unplayable, but
give heras much personality as possible. Maybe she always sits at the bar in
asaloon. Doesshe have a favorite color that she wears? Doesshe always
swear by the ghost of her grandmother? Does she like to watch the

stagecoaches come into town? Does she refuse to let anyone else touch
her horse? Does she always grunt when she means yes? You get the idea.

Motivations

Everyone has their own goals and beli aracters are nO
different. In Werewolf: The Wild West chronicles, each
characterhas his ownstory totell. Sure, there's the war forthe
West, but does your character have any more-personal
motivations for what she does? Each character's personal story
can be woven into a subplot connected with the main plotline;
everyone has their own conflicts to resolve. Perhaps one character
is unable to cope with the conflict between aiding his packmates of
different European tribes and the suffering that pioneers blindly inflict
on his native tribe. Another character may have a romantic
subplot, such as a Kinfolk lover or (Litany forbid) feelings
for another Garou. And a common theme of Westems is
the character who's looking for revenge; this hook works
just as well, if not better, for an easily angered werewolf.

Double Life

One of the most frightening things about werewolves is that
they look just like ordinary people. Who knows, even the town drunk
could be a supernatural killer after sundown. Does your character main-
tain a normal identity, separate from his life as a Garou? How does he
maintain his masquerade? What measures does he take to protect his loved
ones? How does he resolve conflicts between the obligations to his people
and his duties as a Garou? Does anyone know about his dual nature?

ISB Ver al
SNK)

{

As everyone knows, handling a normal life can be quite a chore by itself.
Adding the trials of life on the western frontier to the conflicts of the Garou has
advantages and disadvantages. On one hand, if a mob of railroad men
decides to move you off your property, the power of the nine-foot war-form >.
can be very useful. It's the same if you get trapped ina collapsed mine; the
strength of a mad bull and claws to dig out the rubble are a definite
bonus. On the other hand, if you are trying to hunt buffalo and Banes
keep driving them away, you may cause your people to starve.

The worst part of being Garou is not being able to control
yourself. In a single moment of unchecked anger, a werewolf

can savage her lover, ripping him into blood-flecked
chunks of meat and bone. Werewolves are a constant
threat to those around them. Wolves are very edgy around their

Chapter Five: Character Creation 68

PPOQQODO|:

SSSSSES

SSeS


oN

SSS

ZLLL:

Garou kin, even if they've been packmates for years. Humans, too, can firmbe dilietersiajzke point in Manipulation, giving her scores of 3,

werewolves with a high Rage. The hairs on
the back of their necks rise when they subconsciously know that
there's a threat nearby. In the Savage West, a town is hard pressed
tostoparampaging Garou. A simple barfight can resultina werewolf
killing 10 to 20 of his old friends in a single frenzied moment.
However, most Garou don't want to give up friendship or love for
loneliness or isolation. Some cling desperately to their old lives, but
most attempts to lead normal lives ultimately result in tragedy.

Example of
Character Creation

The game's afoot! More specifically, Tashia has been in-
vited to join in a Werewolf: The Wild West game, and it's
time for her to put a character together. With a copy of the
character sheet and the assistance of her Storyteller, Mark, she
starts designing.

Step One: Concept

Mark explains his ideas for the setting to Tashia and reviews
the character sheet with her. She starts thinking immediately
of possible concepts. Tashia decides that she wants to play a
woman who has lost her family and who is trying to hold on to
her family ranch by herself, maybe with the help of a small
number of ranch hands. For starters, Tashia comes up with a
name for her character, Megan Forrest.

Tashia's pretty much already decided on a homid character.
She figures it will be difficult enough getting used to the Savage
West, and she can't figure out what a lupus would do with a
ranch. She then chooses Ahroun as Megan's auspice, because
she likes the idea of playing a character who's a fighter, tough
enough to protect her ranch from all sorts of enemies.

Finally, Tashia chooses Fianna as her tribe, although she almost
chooses the Black Furies. She decides that being Fianna gives her
charactera bit of history, and she makesanote thatherfamily had lost
their traditional home overseas and moved to the American West.

Step Two: Attributes

Tashia decides that Megan is primarily a physical person.
She works her ranch, loves getting into fights, and can out-
draw most of the men in the nearby town of Dry Rock. Tashia
wants Megan to be able to ride well in addition to being a good
shot, so Dexterity is very important to her. She places three
dots in Dexterity, giving Megan a starting score of 4. She then
spends two points in Stamina and two in Strength, giving her
a total of three dots in each: above average.

Tashia then makes Social Attributes her second priority.
Tashia wants Megan to be able to hold her own against the
prejudice and ridicule thata single woman runninga ranch on the
frontier would suffer. Tashia imagines Megan having an almost
intuitive understanding of theanimalson herranch, especially her
horse. She spends two points in Charisma, two points in Appear-

100

Werewolf: The Wild West

3, and 2 respectively. Megan does okay until she runs her mouth.
She has a tendency to say a bit more than she ought. Megan also
has a bit of an honest streak, the sort that compels her to give her
true opinions on a matter even when it gets her into trouble.

Finally, Tashia places her three points in Mental At-
tributes. She wants Megan to have a decent amount of Wits
and Perception, but she doesn't have the points to raise her
dots. She puts one dot in each. Mark advises Tashia that she
will have some freebie points later on, and Megan will earn
experience and can always improve.

Step Three: Abilities

Tashia spends her time looking over the list of Abilities.
Although several are self-explanatory, she has a few questions
about how Cultures, Enigmas, Primal-Urge, and Rituals come
into play. Mark gives examples of how the different Abilities
works in his chronicle. He promises to let Tashia move some
points around at the end of the first game session if she doesn't
like her Abilities. (A note for Storytellers: This is an excellent
idea. In many cases, any changes a player makes after getting a
feel for the character are almost always for the better.) In the
end, Tashia decides to make Skills Megan's primary choice,
Talents secondary, Knowledges tertiary.

She has 13 points to fill in her Skills; however, she's limited
toamaximum score of three dots in any single Skill. She spends
three dots in Firearms, two in Melee, three in Ride, two in
Animal Ken, one in Leadership, one in Crafts and one dot in
Survival. Tashia feels that the combat skills fit in with her idea
of Megan as a tough lady holding her own ranch and with her
Ahroun auspice. Animal Ken, Crafts and Survival are simply
appropriate for anyone trying to get by on the frontier.

Tashia has nine points to use in purchasing Talents. After
groaning about all the Abilities she wants and briefly consid-
ering changing Talents to primary, she spends her points: two
points each in Alertness, Athletics, and Dodge; a single point
each in Brawl and Empathy.

For her Knowledges, she spends a single point in Enigmas,
because she wants Megan to be able to look at problems from
different sides. She places a point each in Linguistics and
Culture so she can start developing a friendly relationship with
local Apaches (who happen to be the Kinfolk of a fellow player
character). She places a point in Medicine, because Tashia
decides Megan doesn't trust doctors. She puts a final point in
Law so Megan can defend her claim to her land.

Step Four: Advantages

Tashia then moves on to Megan's Advantages and what she
can do as a werewolf. First, Megan has five points for her
Backgrounds. She buys a Kinfolk (the one ranch hand who
hasn'trun out on her) forasingle point. Tashia wants someone
who isn't going to abandon Megan no matter what
may happen. She spends two points on Resources for
her ranch, and two points on Fetish, a heirloom r


passed down from her Celtic ancestors. Tashia decides not to
define the heirloom completely (she wants to write a good
history for it), but she and Mark agree that it is a knife of some
nature, something like a Fang Dagger or klaive. Mark reminds
her that she'll have freebie points to raise her Background to a
point where she can buy either of those.

For Gifts, Tashia looks over the ones open to Megan.
Comparing her choices for breed Gifts with her choices for
tribal Gifts, she notices that Persuasion is listed under both
categories. Tashia decides Megan needs Persuasion (to make
up for her lousy speaking ability in important situations) for her
breed Gift and decides on Resist Toxin as her tribal Gift. Her
other choice as a Breed Gift, Jam Gun, might prove useful, but

Tashia decides Megan would rather use Resist Toxin, her tribal
choice, to drink people under the table. She briefly considers
dropping Persuasion and taking Jam Gun instead, but Tashia
likes talking and is sure Megan will need Persuasion to get out
of trouble at some point in the chronicle. If there's physical
trouble, an Ahroun like Megan ought to be able to handle it
without Gifts. For her auspice Gift, she chooses Inspiration.
Tashia feels Megan will be capable enough in combat with the
klaive she wants as a fetish, so she thinks Inspiration will give
her future packmates an extra reason to like her character.

The next step is to assign beginning Renown. She checks
the list for an Ahroun and marks down 3 Glory. She is now a
Rank One Garou.

Morn, Cearacrzas

So, what if you don't want to play a werewolf? What if you want to play a Kinfolk in the Savage
West, or if you want to just be a normal person caught up in a supernatural hortor story he didn't ask
for? What if you don't want to run a supernatural game at all — just a classic Western?

Well, you certainly don't have to play a werewolf if you don't want to. The supernatural threats
are all the more horrific to characters who don't have Gifts, regeneration ora Crinos form to get them
out of trouble, and even the most mundane threats become 10 times as dangerous. The following
guidelines are recommended for creating mortal characters in Werewolf: The Wild West chronicles,
or even for generic Westerns without even a hint of the supernatural.

Mortal characters prioritize their Attributes and Abilities as do werewolves, but they don't getas many
dots (after all, their potential is somewhat less). Mortals get six dots to divide among their primary
Attributes, four for secondary Attributes and three for tertiary Attributes. By the same token, they get only
11, seven and four dots for their primary, secondary and tertiary Abilities, respectively. Naturally, mortals
receive no Gnosis, Rage, Gifts or other supernatural powers; their starting Willpower rating is 3. By way
of compensation, mortal characters receive 21 freebie points rather than the initial 15.

The real trouble comes when you get to Backgrounds. For obvious reasons, mortals cannot
purchase Fetish, Kinfolk, Past Life, Pure Breed, Rites or Totem. This leaves only Allies, Contacts,
Mentor and Resources. The Storyteller may want to invent some additional Backgrounds for you to
purchase — for example, Backing (meaning you have some authority vested in you by the state,
federal government, or some other powerful institution), or Territory (meaning you have a valid
claim to a lot of land even if you aren't rich in your own right).

Certain Abilities
soul, can't be learned by ordinary people. Likewise, ordinary humans can't learn Garou rites; although
aKinfolk might learn something of the Rituals Knowledge, it's likely to be all but useless to a normal
person. Also remember that unless you're playing a Kinfolk, your character is going to be subject to
the Delirium's effects to a degree dependent on his Willpower.

are also off-limits to mortals. Primal-Urge, as a connection to the shapeshifter

(It might even be interesting to create mortal characters with the intention of eventually going through
the First Change, and then updating their character sheets accordingly. This gives players the chance toreally
get used to a character before he changes, making the shift to a werewolf perspective all the more dramatic.)


SSN

ox)

ZL

Step Five: Finishing Touches

Tashia records Megan's initial Rage of 5 (becauseshe'san * - . : Feats
Ahroun), her initial Gnosis of 1 (because she's a homid), :
and her starting Willpower of 3 (because she's a Fianna).

Tashia finally gets to spend Megan's 15 freebie \?
points. She spends two points on her Fetish Back- ;
ground (raising it to 4) so she can have her klaive. She
spendsa pointand raises her Resources to three, giving
Megan a small stash of money to keep her little ranch
going fora while longer. Tashia also spends a point on
the Totem Background as a way of showing other
players that she cares about their pack. Now she has 11
points left to spend.

She wants to have a higher score in Wits and Perception,
which are Attributes and cost five points per dot. Shealso wants
a higher Gnosis score (two points per dot) and a higher Will-
power (only one point per dot). Tashia knows that she wants
more Abilities as well, but she decides not to look at her Abilities
because she already isn't sure what to buy. Tashia finally purchases
four points of Gnosis for eight points, giving her a score of five so
she can feel fairly certain of activating her klaive. She spends her
final three points on Willpower, giving her a headstrong score of six.

Now for the finishing touches. Tashia decides that Megan likes
to wear blue. She gives Megan dark auburn hair and gray eyes.
Tashia considers trying to speak with a bit of an Irish brogue during
game sessions, but after practicing gives up the voice for a future
character. Tashia thinks about a Garou name for Megan, but she
decides to wait for a Rite of Passage or a significant event to create
aname. Finally, Tashiacalls Megan's favorite horse Wildfire, after
an old song, and makes hima roan. The other details will wait for
Megan's prelude and further development during the chronicle.
Tashia is pleased, because she feels that she has a good charac-
ter and Megan definitely has room to grow. E

The Long Run

Asyouplayacharacter, you will add to the character's
personality. A good character takes on a life of her own;
she develops habits, nuances and a distinct voice. A
memorable character crafts her own stories, inspiring
the Storyteller and fellow characters.

Expanding your character's capabilities with experi-
ence points is only one of the ways in which she'll grow.
Spend her experience wisely; don't give her Abilities she
shouldn't logically have, but rather expand on what she
should be logically learning. If you want to increase her
Stamina, have her undergo some sort of hardships or heavy work
that would properly increase her endurance. If you want to purchase more 7
Gnosis, perhaps a series of visionquests is in order, all the better to put your
character in touch with her spiritual side. Sometimes you'll even be
struck by the fact that your character "won't let" you spend her
experience points any other way than on whatshe's been working on. [

This just means she's becoming a more vivid personality, and will be »

all the more fun to play. N49]

102 Werewolf: The Wild West


As your character develops, try to look at the world through
her eyes. Character creation is an ongoing process. As time
goes by, characters change, mature and become more capable.
As they become more developed, they become more complex.
A character is a work of art. The more work you put into your
character, the better the finished product will be.

The Prelude

The purpose of a prelude is to give each character a past. By
having a history to draw on, you give your character a sense of
reality that you can draw on during game sessions. You don't
have to worry about figuring out who your character is during the
first game session. Instead, you can concentrate on the story.

Inaddition, a prelude providesan opportunity fora Storytellerand
a player to grow accustomed to each other's interpretations of the
tules. Asaplayer, youcan ask questions that would normally interrupt
a game session. The Storyteller can learn about your character and
find out what sort of motivations and strengths she has.

Questions and Answers

Here are some question and answers that players and Story-
tellers should at least consider during a prelude.

How old are you?

Age is the cornerstone of a character's experience and poten-
tial. Age changes a character's outlook. Are you young,
inexperienced and naive? Are you a grizzled gunslinger tired of
the challenges of the frontier, just looking for a way to settle
down? The only real limitations imposed on age in Werewolf:
The Wild West are those brought on by the First Change. You
probably experienced your First Change just after puberty or
early in your adult life. Few characters Change in middle age, and
none should transform as children. Most lost cubs undergo the
First Change alone and live in ignorance of their true nature for
many years until encountering a fellow Garou — if ever.

‘wv What was your family life like?

The first relationships you form are with the members of your
family. The family teaches a character how to interact with others.
Did you have a difficult family life? (You probably did — the stresses
of the frontier test a family's endurance, and when your relatives
started noticing that you're somehow different, you may have been
treated rather harshly.) Who were the members of your family?
Rememberthata family doesn't have tobe made upof blood relations.
Are any members of your family still alive? If so, how do they see you.
Areyou the favorite son or the family embarrassment? Areany of your
family kin, and if so, do they know what's really going on?

‘ When did you have your First Change?

The First Change is one of the defining moments of a young
Garou's life. With it comes the absolute certainty that you're
someone different and special. Once you've experienced the First

Change, your life is forever changed. What were the circum-
stances of the First Change — what stresses drove you to

€ shift forms? What were your first actions as a full-fledged

Chapter Five: Character Creation

werewolf? Did you kill someone? How did you come to terms with
the knowledge that you wereashapechanger? Was your first reaction
driven by superstition, logic, religion or something else?

‘When did you meet the others in the pack?

Players may want to roleplay through first meetings together
in their preludes. A Storyteller may want to have other group
members very briefly make cameo appearances in a player's
prelude. The pack members should work out the details of the
meeting with the help of the Storyteller. In many cases, it's best
if you've met and formed relationships before the start of the
chronicle. Have you had your Rite of Passage yet?

wv Where do you live now?

What sort of culture do you come from? Although the
chronicle determines geographically where you live, you need
to decide what kind of home or den you keep. Do you live as a
human, a wolf, or do you stay separate from other beings? Do
you dwell in an abandoned mine, an old cave, a house on the
prairie or behind a waterfall? What sort of home do you keep?
Is it dirty or neat? What sort of features make your lair special?

Do you try to lead a normal life?

Do you still interact with people (or wolves) you knew
before your Rite of Passage? Do any non-Garou or Kinfolk
friends know that you're a werewolf? Do other Garou know
about your moonlighting in a normal life?

Details of your normal life can be very important to the
chronicle. Countless stories can be based on events in your
mundane life, like the problems created by juggling more than one
identity. Remember, ahigh Rage score makes sustaining a normal
lifealmost impossible. Relationships become increasingly difficult
as you have to protect your loved ones from yourself.

What motivates you?

Thisisabig one. Every character should have several personal
motivations. Once a prelude is complete, you may gain some
new goals and desires. These may range from being recognized as
a better man than your father or preserving a dying way of life.

Your primary motivations are central to understanding who and
what youare. Once you've Changed, your priorities probably change
drastically. Things that were once important no longer are, and new
values dominate your life. If you want to have a real and complete
character, you must have an understanding of what keeps you from
depression and total aimlessness (which can also be interesting to
play; just decide that your character has no motivations at all).

The Pack

You have come so far, changed skins for furs, and still you do not
understand. You are no longer Shoshoni, Ute, red, white, black.
You are not even men and women. Youare now Garou, and should
not squabble like noisy birds. You must no longer be many, but now
must be one. There is no time for such fighting when the sky is on fire!
Come look at your brothers and sisters. You are now a family. You
must now become a pack. Here, I will show you the way.

— Torn-Two-Hands, Uktena Philodox


Werewolf: The Wild West is not a game with any
winners or hopefully, any losers. The object of Werewolf:
The Wild West is to tell a good story and have fun. A well-
played character rewards his player far more than any
token of victory. Players who spend their time competing
with other group members miss out on the real excitement
of Werewolf stories.

The most important thing to a werewolf is her pack. The
pack is the core unit of Garou society. Packmates share a bond
stronger than blood; a strong, unified pack seems to think and
workas one. The members have complete trust in one another,

"ef

ff
4)

that player and her character.

tuna prelude,

even if they are at odds. Packmates are tied together with a
single spirit. For werewolves (beings who live their lives
separated from man and wolf), the pack offers a point of
stability. In many ways, the pack is the only true home a
werewolf has. The pack is a family that chooses its members.

A pack is more than just a group of close-knit Garou. Packs
have their own identity. A pack develops its own personality
and builds its own legends. The spirit of the pack gains power
and prestige as the pack performs greater and greater deeds. A
powerful pack can outlive its founders and weave itself into
the songs of the Galliards, inspiring future generations.

BO ESS Se SOS

RUNNING A PREWDE

Each player should undergo a prelude alone. This allows you, as the Storyteller, to fully focus on )

Wo
in

)

<5

You should exert more control over the prelude than over the actual game sessions. When you

ou set scenes for the player from her character's life, and then start them in motion. 4
These scenes can represent turning points in the character's life, or they can just be normal day to
day events — anything that helps a player develop a better character.

During the prelude, you shouldn't be too concerned with Traits or game mechanics. At some
point, you should allow the player a chance to roll dice and learn how to use the game system in a
relatively pressure free situation. Let the player interact with the environment of the chronicle, and
give the player chances to ask questions. A player who isn't sure of the setting will spend game
sessions wondering about Texas Longhorns and cattle drives instead of paying attention to the story
unfolding. If a player has a game mechanics question or a question about the setting that you can't
answer, make sure you get the answer to the player before the first game session.

By the same token, don't let the dice get in the prelude's way —feel free to ignore them whenever
necessary. If part of a character's backstory is the untimely death of his mother, you don't want the player
to make a miraculously lucky Medicine roll and save her, leaving you both at a loss for what to do next.

Remember that you and the player are creating a story together. Stop and ask the player questions
about her character without breaking a scene. Make certain that the player is comfortable with the
game, and that you are comfortable with her character before you end the prelude.

Preludes give a Storyteller a chance to practice before running an entire group. You can bounce i\)
ideas off players one at a time and see their reactions. You have an opportunity to develop a
character's allies and Kinfolk without distracting players from the chronicle.

Appreludecan begin innocuously enough. Itmightbegin something like: "It's been weekssince you'veso much
asseena buffalo, much less tasted its meat. The hunters have brought back some small game, but there hasn'tbeen
enough to go around. You're hungry, and have wandered away from the camp to try and scrounge some food.
Suddenly, you hear a shriek — one of the younger women? — and a sound like thunder. ..a gunshot..." \)

Just as character development never ends, you shouldn't be afraid to run a flashback session to )
add some history to a character's life. If a long period of game time passes in a chronicle without
actions from the characters, you may want to run mini-preludes to cover the lost time. \

SPR

2


Creating a Pack

One of the most important tasks when creating a chronicle
is to define the pack to which the characters belong. This isn't
an idle task, for you must think ahead and prepare for the type
of stories you want to tell.

It's very important for the players and the Storyteller to
work together on the pack. The pack can become the central
character of the chronicle, the thing that unites the players
over the long haul. The players should all agree on what kind
of pack they would like to join, and thus what sorts of stories
they would enjoy telling. Anything the Storyteller can do to
empower the players and involve them in the story is good. For
example, even the basic concept of "misfits even among
Garou" can spark a wild and boisterous motley of Bone Gnaw-
ers, Ragabash and exiles.

When cubs undergo their first Rite of Passage, they often
form packs. The Rite of Passage provides a good opportunity for
characters to join together and pledge one another support for
the first time. Naturally, most packs are formed from a single
tribe, but the growing menace of the Storm Eater's scions
inspire cooperation from tribes that would normally be rivals.
Besides, the players' characters are expected to be the excep-
tion to the norm — that's why the story is about them, isn't it?

The following are a few questions that ought to be answered
byall players afterall characters have completed their preludes.

wv Where is the pack based?

The pack should have a home base or territory, whether it
be an abandoned mining camp, a bustling prairie town or even
a mesa miles from human territory. Usually the territory
revolves around a caern, but it doesn't have to. Many packs set
up a secret meeting or gathering site to base themselves, and
sometimes to store supplies. A pack may even base itself in the
Storm Umbra instead of the physical world — but this is so
dangerous it's hardly worth mentioning.

‘wv How do the pack members interact?

The internal politics of a pack add excitement to the game.
Do some members of the pack have a friendly rivalry? Maybe
the Ahrouns compare kills. Are there close friendships? Are
any of the characters related? Do two of the pack's members
secretly wish they could be lovers? Do the pack members dislike
each other? Dosome pack members have secrets that they hold
back from the others? Which members do packmates trust with
their problems?

‘ What are the pack's missions?

Every pack has its own unique selection of skills and abilities.
Some packs are better at scouting enemies and guerrilla warfare,
while others prefer intimidation and direct assaults. A pack may
choose an area to protect, or it may range across the western
territories, doing its best to fight the Wyrm wherever it hides.

Some packs interact with humans and struggle against the

encroaching tides of humanity, while others spend

their times staving off the corruption of spirit realms.

‘ Is there a pack leader?

Every pack has a way of making decisions. Do you choose
the strongest or wisest as alpha in the manner of wolves? This
choice could be made by voting or by ritual combat. Have you
settled on a permanent leader, or are you quick to battle
among yourselves for the position whenever you hit a lull? A
few packs never settle on a leader. They just let the most
experienced or knowledgeable Garou take command when
the situation warrants.

‘¥ Who is the pack's totem?

A vital part of any pack is its totem. The spirit represents the
pack and binds all members of the pack together. All players
should work together in choosing a totem-spirit that embodies
the pack. They should also work out why the spirit chose them.
Although there are many totems suggested in this book, groups
should not be afraid to design their own.

‘ What is their sept like?

How does sept affiliation affect the pack? Is the sept at war,
or does it enjoy peace with its neighbors? Is it multitribal,
xenophobic, or somewhere between the two? Are the sept
Garou demanding? Do they order or lord over the pack? Does
the pack belong to any sept? Is the sept involved in its own
crises? Does the sept have an active interest in the pack or
could it care less?

‘¥ Who are the pack's friends and allies?

This includes any Kinfolk or Allies listed in a character's
backgrounds. Who are these individuals? What are their
different relationships with the members of the pack? How
much do they know about the pack's activities? How actively
involved are they in the pack's activities? What are their
motivations and goals? Why are they friends of the pack?
How far are they willing to go to help their allies? What do
they get out of the relationship?

Who are the enemies of the pack?

Do the Garou know who these enemies are? Is the enmity a
strong rivalry or a full-blown hatred? Is the hostility based on
fact ora misunderstanding? Perhaps the enemies aren't directly
opposed to the pack, but serving cross purposes. Do any
recurring villains pop up to harass the heroes?

‘ What is the pack's purpose?

Why was the pack formed? The pack is a concept lodged
deeply in Garou thought. Garou society understands its mem-
bers only in terms of the pack; those without packs are either
pitied or cursed. Only the tribe elders live without packs, and
they dissolve their sacred groups only after they have discov-
ered, and hopefully fulfilled, their true purpose.

According to Garou tradition, each and every pack has a
purpose given to it by Gaia, a purpose for which its members are
brought together, a purpose they are meant to serve. Indeed,
packs sometimes share the same dreams when they sleep, and
are guided by the same spirits; only when the purpose is fulfilled
can they peacefully retire from active life.

Chapter Five: Character Creation 105

a \


Character Creation Chart

Character Creation Process

‘v Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, breed, auspice, and tribe

‘¥ Step Two: Select Attributes

Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social, Mental (7/5/3)

Choose Physical Traits; Strength, Stamina, Dexterity

Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation, Appearance

Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits

‘¥ Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills, Knowledges

Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges (13/9/5)

‘v Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (5; restricted by tribe), Gifts (1 each from
breed, auspice, and tribe), Renown (by auspice)

Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record Rage (by auspice), Gnosis (by breed), Willpower (by
tribe), Rank (1)

Spend "Freebie Points" (15)

Breed

See also Breeds, pgs. 109-112.

*w Homid: You were born to human parents and raised in
their society. You didn't know you were a werewolf until you
underwent your First Change.

Initial Gnosis: |

Beginning Gifts: Jam Gun, Persuasion

‘@ Metis: Your parents are both Garou, but you are mal-
formed and sterile. You grew up with your tribe, and thus
understand Garou culture more deeply than others.

Initial Gnosis: 3

Beginning Gifts: Create Element, Sense Wyrm

Lupus: You were raised in the wilds asa wolf. Until you were
nearly grown, you didn't know you were a werewolf.

Initial Gnosis: 5

Beginning Gifts: Heightened Senses, Jackrabbit Jump

Auspice
See also Auspices, pgs. 112-114.
4w Ragabash: New Moon— The Trickster: questioner of the ways
Initial Rage: 1
Beginning Gifts: Scent of Running Water, Spider's Song,
Walk Under the New Moon
Beginning Renown: 3 in any combination
‘w Theurge: Crescent Moon — The Seer: searcher of the ways
Initial Rage: 2
Beginning Gifts: Mother's Touch, Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech
Beginning Renown: 3 Wisdom
‘¥ Philodox: Half Moon — The Judge: keeper of the ways

Werewolf: 7

Initial Rage: 3

Beginning Gifts: Resist Pain, Scentof the True Form, Truth of Gaia

Beginning Renown: 3 Honor

+@ Galliard: Gibbous Moon — The Moon Dancer: lover of
the ways

Initial Rage: 4

Beginning Gifts: Beast Speech, Call of the Wyld, Mindspeak

Beginning Renown: 2 Glory, 1 Wisdom

‘# Ahroun: Full Moon — The Warrior: protector of the ways

Initial Rage: 5

Beginning Gifts: Inspiration, Razor Claws, Trick Shot

Beginning Renown: 2 Glory, 1 Honor

Tribe

See also Tribes, pgs. 114-125.

‘w Black Furies: An almost all-female tribe, the Furies are
the servants of the Wyld and defenders of women.

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: No restrictions.

Beginning Gifts: Sense Wyrm, Song of the Seasons

‘w Bone Gnawers: Drifters, vagrants and the salt of the
earth, Bone Gnawers are survivors who see everything but
garner little respect.

Initial Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Bone Gnawers may not buy Past Life, Pure
Breed or Resources.

Beginning Gifts: Odious Aroma, Stone Soup

‘# Children of Gaia: The Children of Gaia seek unity
among all the tribes, and consider themselves the defenders of
humanity. Theirs is the choice to heal before harming.

Initial Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: No restrictions.

Beginning Gifts: Mother's Touch, Resist Pain

‘@ Fianna: Immigrants from the British Isles, they violently
protect the land settled by their Kinfolk and believe that they
are the only ones who can fix the Storm Umbra.

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: No restrictions.

Beginning Gifts: Persuasion, Resist Toxin

‘v Get of Fenris: Honorable but ferocious berserkers, the
Get still preserve their Norse tribal culture. They have great
courage and are willing to battle the Wyrm no matter how
small their chances.

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Get of Fenris may not buy Contacts or Mentor.

Beginning Gifts: Razor Claws, Safe Haven

‘# Iron Riders: The least trusted among other Garou, this
tribe has embraced human technology. They live in large
settlements and speak out in favor of "civilization."

Initial Willpower: 3

he Wild West


Backgrounds: Iron Riders may not buy Mentor, Past Life or
Pure Breed.

Beginning Gifts: Control Simple Machine, Sense Weaver

‘w Red Talons: Composed entirely of lupus, the Red Talons
have come to the New World to protect it from the human
pioneers who would destroy it.

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Red Talons may not buy Allies, Contacts or
Resources. Their only Kinfolk are wolves.

Beginning Gifts: Beast Speech, Eye of the Hunter

‘w Shadow Lords: Domineeringand demanding, the Shadow
Lords seek to wrest the position of leadership from the Silver
Fangs. They care nothing for the unfit or ignorant.

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Shadow Lords may not buy Allies or Mentor.

Beginning Gifts: Aura of Confidence, Fatal Flaw

Silent Striders: Mysterious travelers, the Silent Striders
spend little time in one place. They have secret knowledge of
the mortal and spirit worlds.

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Silent Striders may not buy Past Life or Resources.

Beginning Gifts: Sense Wyrm, Speed of Thought

w Silver Fangs: The most prestigious of the tribes, the Fangs
only mate with the noblest of humans and wolves. Though they
are badly inbred, they still seek to unite all Garou under their
leadership. The Silver Fangs are often blinded by pride.

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Silver Fangs must spend at least three Back-
ground points on Pure Breed.

Beginning Gifts: Eminent Domain, Sense Wyrm

*w Stargazers: The rarest of Garou, the Stargazers search the
world for enlightenment and truth, staunchly opposing the
Wyrm wherever they encounter it.

Initial Willpower: 5

Backgrounds: Stargazers may not buy Allies, Fetish or Resources.

Beginning Gifts: Balance, Threads of the Weaver

w Uktena: The Uktena are one of the two surviving
American tribes. They are the most capable mystics of the
Garou, and are mistrusted and feared by European werewolves.

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: No restrictions.

Beginning Gifts: Cloud of Night, Sense Medicine

4w Wendigo: The Wendigo are fiercely independent and wage
war to drive the European invaders from North America. Only the
threats of the Weaver, Wyrm, and the Storm Eater take precedence.

Initial Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Wendigo may not buy Contacts or Resources.

Beginning Gifts: Call the Breeze, Song of the Seasons

Chapter Five: Character Creation

Backgrounds

See also Backgrounds, pg. 134.

v Allies: Your friends among normal humans and wolves.

‘¥ Contacts: The contacts you possess in human society.

‘# Fetish: A magical object containing a bound spirit. See
the Appendix for examples.

‘¥ Kinfolk: Your Delirium-free human or wolf relatives and
friends.

‘w Mentor: A strong elder who guides and watches out for you.

‘# Past Life: Your connection to your Garou ancestors and
the past.

te Pure Breed: Your lineage and pedigree among the Garou.

w Resources: The amount of wealth or belongings that you
possess.

w Rites: The number and/or potency of the rites you have
learned. See Rites, pg. 166.

‘¥ Totem: The amount of power you have invested into
your pack totem. The greater the total number of points spent
by the pack, the more powerful the totem. See Totem, pg. 137,
for point costs and the Appendix for sample totems.

Gifts

See Breed, Auspice; and Tribe above for beginning Gifts;
choose one from each list. See also Gifts, pg. 137.

Renown
See Auspice for beginning Renown. See also Renown, pg. 178.

Rank

All characters begin as Rank One.
Rage, Gnosis, and Willpower

See auspice for Rage, breed for Gnosis, and tribe for
Willpower. See also Rage, pg. 180; Gnosis, pg. 182; and
Willpower, pg. 183.

‘®  Preshie Points:

° ‘Trait Bee |
Attributes : per be si j }
Abilities 2 perdot * i, al Q
Backgrounds 1 per dot fee | beet
Gifts 7 per Gift (Level One only) {

f Rage "IT per dot
Gnosis 2 per dot
Willpower 1 per dot

id sis



Homid

Those born of humanity are the most common ofall the Garou.
Their relative numbers have been increasing ever since humans
invented agriculture and began to despoil the natural world.
There are many advantages to being a homid, and the human-
born haven't hesitated to make use of these advantages and their
superior numbers to emerge as the dominant Garou breed.

Although their natural form is physically inferior to the
wolf, homids have access to all kinds of abilities and attitudes
of which the lupus are ignorant. Though much technology is
the realm of the Weaver and the Wyrm, the homids can master
such sciences and devices and use them for Gaia. What's more,
as humans and wolves come into greater competition, the
humans almost universally win out; there are simply more
human Kinfolk than wolves these days

Though their initial connection to Gaia is more tenuous
than that of the lupus, and their understanding of Garou
society is less developed than that of the
metis, homids can overcome these defi-
ciencies and bring their
natural strengths to

bear. Although

SSSSSSS To)

humans are almost enemies of the Garou, homids have man-
aged to mostly avoid responsibility for their human kin's deeds.
Homid werewolves almost never have any idea of their true
heritage until the First Change. The stress of this change often
destroys any hope of living as they once did in their childhood
homes. Some homids, though not many, maintain contact with
their human families and friends, though this is never a simple
enterprise. Humans don't take well to supernatural relatives.
The best chance a human has for something approximating a
normal family is a family of Kinfolk. Unaffected by the Delirium
and often aware of how things "really are," Kinfolk have the best
chance of accepting a werewolf, Rage and all. Sometimes these
Kinfolks trustis horribly misplaced, and sometimes it's replaced by
jealousy — but even so, a homid's chances of happiness with
human kin are far better than with the rank-and-file of humanity.
Initial Gnosis: |
Beginning Gifts: Jam Gun, Persuasion

Metis

Spumed, shunned and ostracized, the metis are the pariahs of
Garousociety. Universally reviled as symbols of Gaia's disapproval,
metissuffer for their parents' sin. Born of the forbidden union of two
werewolves, these outcasts are sterile and deformed. Most metis are
disowned by even their shamed parents, and must eke out a living
on the fringes of the sept. They can't have cubs of their own, which
makes them even more useless in the eyes of many elders, Their
story would be irredeemably tragic — save that a werewolf with all
the anguish, pain and bitterness that isa metis'
inheritance has the potential to be one of
the most potent foci of

ue


Homid

Those bom of humanity are the most common ofall the Garou.
Their relative numbers have been increasing ever since humans
invented agriculture and began to despoil the natural world.
There are many advantages to being a homid, and the human-
bom haven't hesitated to make use of these advantages and their
superior numbers to emerge as the dominant Garou breed.

Although their natural form is physically inferior to the
wolf, homids have access to all kinds of abilities and attitudes
of which the lupus are ignorant. Though much technology is
the realm of the Weaver and the Wyrm, the homids can master
such sciences and devices and use them for Gaia. What's more,
as humans and wolves come into greater competition, the
humans almost universally win out; there are simply more
human Kinfolk than wolves these days.

Though their initial connection to Gaia is more tenuous
than that of the lupus, and their understanding of Garou

society is less developed than that of the

metis, homids can overcome these defi-
ciencies and bring their
natural strengths to

bear. Although

SSTESN

ZLEEs

humans are almost enemies of the Garou, homids have man-
aged to mostly avoid responsibility for their human kin's deeds.
Homid werewolves almost never have any idea of their true
heritage until the First Change. The stress of this change often
destroys any hope of living as they once did in their childhood
homes. Some homids, though not many, maintain contact with
their human families and friends, though this is never a simple
enterprise. Humans don't take well to supernatural relatives.
The best chance a human has for something approximating a
normal family is a family of Kinfolk. Unaffected by the Delirium
and often aware of how things "really are," Kinfolk have the best
chance of accepting a werewolf, Rage and all. Sometimes these
Kinfolks trust is horribly misplaced, and sometimes it's replaced by
jealousy — but even so, a homid's chances of happiness with
human kin are far better than with the rank-and-file of humanity.
Initial Gnosis: 1
Beginning Gifts: Jam Gun, Persuasion

Metis

Spumed, shunned and ostracized, the metis are the pariahs of
Garousociety. Universally reviled as symbols of Gaia's disapproval,
metis suffer for their parents' sin. Born of the forbidden union of two
werewolves, these outcasts are sterile and deformed. Most metis are
disowned by even their shamed parents, and must eke out a living
on the fringes of the sept. They can't have cubs of their own, which
makes them even more useless in the eyes of many elders. Their
story would be irredeemably tragic — save that a werewolf with all
theanguish, pain and bitterness that isa metis'
inheritance has the potential to be one of

the most potent foci of

pes gies \

S


The metis, always rare, though some say their numbers are on
the rise, have not always been allowed to survive. For all memory
they were often killed at birth, and this practice rarely continues
among the more severe tribes. At the firstsign ofa metis deformity
anewbor cub might have its head dashed against a rock. More
horribly, the child is sometimes allowed to grow to adolescence so
the severity of its disability may be judged and its fate decided on.
There's no real reason why a metis could not be part of a sept, and
many are just that. Sadly though, prejudice and pride bar them
from ever truly feeling part of the pack. Metis themselves are
physical manifestations of the imperfections that plague the
Garou. Perhaps their violent treatment is a symptom of the guilt
withinall Garou. There are those who hope that one day metis will
be accepted and treated with understanding.

In some ways the metis most truly represent the balance
between wolf and man. Unlike homids and lupus, metis have
never been human or wolf. Their anger is twice as potent as
that of othershapechangers. Born in the Crinos war-form, they
may shift to it with no effort. Having grown up among
werewolves, metis suffer no restrictions on initial skills, and
understand the complex ways of Garou society.

Some say that the purity of werewolf blood, distilled from
the grace of Gaia, is far too potent unless alloyed with that of
humans or wolves. Perhaps it is this, or maybe it is the
disapproval of Gaia herself that marks the metis. Whatever the
reason, the metis are branded. Each metis bears a deformity
from birth, a result of the inbreeding which produced it. These
disabilities vary and few are completely crippling, but each
brings its own inconveniences as well as ridicule and hatred from
other Garou. A list of possible deformities is provided below,
along with their effects. Players and Storytellers should

use theseasa guide forcreatingindividual metis, with
unique deformities.

The final insult that a metis must bear is that the twisted
Wyrm-tribe, the Black Spiral Dancers, are largely metis; many
other Garou thus wrongly and maliciously associate all metis
with the Wyrm. The Dancers care nothing for Gaia's Litany,
and produce metis with abandon. Unfortunately, this makes
them an even stronger tribe, as every generation sees a new

influx of powerful, furious warriors.

Initial Gnosis: 3

Beginning Gifts: Create Element, Sense Wyrm

Deformity: Every metis begins with at least one deformity
chosen by the player during character generation. Below are
some suggestions. This list is by no means meant to be defini-

tive or limiting.

4 Albino: Your eyes are red and you have no pigment in your
fur or skin, in any of your forms. You sunburn easily and have an
intolerance for bright lights; unless your eyes are somehow
protected (by smoked glasses or the like), yousuffer a +2 difficulty
on all Perception-based rolls under such conditions.

+w Facial Feature Drift: Your features are asymmetrical, mis-
aligned and unappealing. Thiscan vary froma crooked nose to truly
bizarre rearrangements. Your Appearance can never be higher than
2, and the difficulty of all Social rolls is increased by one.

4 Fits: You suffer from periodic lapses of consciousness and
loss of muscular control. Often when you roll a botch in a
stressful situation, you enter one of these fits and must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 8) each turn to regain control. Until

you succeed on one of these rolls, you can do nothing but

writhe on the ground.


@ Hairless: Your body, in all forms, lacks hair and fur. Your
Homid form is as bald as your Lupus. This is not only downright
ugly, butmightbe dangerously coldinsome situations. Your Social
Dice Pools are reduced by one die (save intimidation attempts),
and you may not purchase the Pure Breed Background.

‘w Hard of Hearing: You have a weak sense of hearing and
must use your other senses to experience the world. Although
you've learned to live with this, it's obviously difficult for you
to communicate, at least in Homid form. You suffer a +2
difficulty to all hearing-based Perception rolls, and may have
asimilar penalty in certain social situations.

‘¥ Horns or Hooves: You have either cloven feet in Crinos
form, or a horn or horns in all forms. Hooves add no modifiers to
yourmovement. Horns may take the shape of goat'sorram's homs,
or possibly even small antlers (which may earn some respect from
Fianna) orasingle unicorn's spiral horn (which may impress some
Children of Gaia). However, you are at +1 difficulty to all Social
rolls among Garou (or anyone else, in the case of horns) — horns
and hooves are the mark of prey, not a predator.

‘w Hunchback: Your spine, crimped and twisted, is bent
over, resulting in an unsightly lump. Your mobility is impaired,
and the difficulty of all Dexterity rolls (and most Social rolls)
is increased by one. Many hunchbacks are physically strong,
almost by way of compensation.

‘W Madness: The sin of your parents has infected your mind
and you are unstable. Each mad metis is different, but your
insanity might take the form of hallucinations, paranoia or a
split personality. When under stress you must make a Will-
power roll (difficulty 5) or succumb to your insanity.

‘W Malformed Limb: One of your limbs is twisted, gnarled
or withered. All Dexterity rolls involving that limb are at +2
difficulty, and your movement speed is halved in Hispo and
Lupus (and possibly the other forms as well, if your leg is
malformed).

4¥ Tailless: The laughingstock of your pack, you have no
tail in any of your forms. Although there is no effect on Homid
or Glabro form, your Dexterity difficulties are at +1 in all other
forms due to your problems balancing. Botches tend to be
embarrassing lapses of balance, and other werewolves probably
consider you pathetic.

Lupus

Arguably closest to Gaia, those born of wolf are not as
populous as they once were. Though there are still many lupus
among both the invaders and the native Garou, no more than
one in five are from this breed. The lupus has the advantages
of extraordinary senses, natural grace and physical poise, which
homids must strive to match. However, rational thought and
many other "human" abilities are strange to the lupus. Some
don't want to learn and others can't.

The lupus spends the first years of its life as a wolf, livingand
running with a pack and facing the trials of the wild. Then the
wolf discovers she is Garou and is confronted with a homid-

Werewolf: 7

dominated society where she must find her place. Coming from
ademanding world of hierarchy, natural laws and instinct, the
lupus is suddenly confronted with logical thought, technology
and complex human social interaction. It is perhaps no wonder
that a good many lupus are separatists.

Initial Gnosis: 5

Beginning Gifts: Heightened Senses, Jackrabbit Jump

There are a number of abilities which aren't available to
lupus characters at the time of character generation, except
through the expenditure of freebie points. They can be learned
later through experience, though many lupus never bother.
The following Abilities are restricted for lupus:

Skills: Crafts, Etiquette, Firearms, Ride, Melee

Knowledges: Law, Linguistics, Medicine, Politics, Science

=
Auspices

Though life is drawn from Mother Gaia, our life-paths, the tracks
we tread come from another: Luna, the Moon. Each of her five faces
brings a different spirit to those born beneath her gaze. am Galliard,
Gibbous Moon, so I am storyteller, bard, wanderer and pathfinder.
So itis that your auspice will determine your path — if you have the
wisdom to follow it.

— Dawnsong, Uktena Galliard

As Gaia is the womb from which all werewolves are deliv-
ered, so is Luna their cradle. The path that a Garou's life
follows, whether long or short, is to a large extent defined by
what moon-phase he is born under. This auspice determines
the role he is destined to play in Garou culture.

Auspice flows deep in the blood of the Garou, running
throughout the social rituals and responsibilities of tribe and
sept. The threads of the five auspices together twine the rope
that is Garou society, each adding its own strengths, the whole
stronger than the individual strands. Each and every werewolf
has a role to play and each his place. Though a significant part
of these tendencies are almost biological, tradition and society
in no small way reinforce and strengthen these natural lean-
ings. To a werewolf it is only right that to some extent her
character is determined by the circumstances of her birth —as
with breed, so with auspice.

Though the Garou accept these character trends, remember
that they are only tre~ ds. It's possible to resist or break them. One
may encounter' wious' Ragabashor a laughing Ahroun:
Indeed, some ¢ che greatest Garou have been those who have
come to terms with both their birth sign and an individual
personality which transgresses and transcends theses limits.
Furthermore, through the Rite of Renunciation, a Garou may
abandon her auspice, name and Renown and begin anew under
the moon of her choice. Such individuals are not widely trusted
or respected, though again, there are notable exceptions.

More than social class, auspices are something to hold
dear during difficult times. To the Pure Ones, fighting

desperately against the relentless encroachment of »

he Wild West


colonization by the invaders, it is important to know one's place
in society. It is no less significant to the European tribes, warily
struggling to push back the mysterious frontier.

Five Moons and five shades have the Garou

Each has its place in the Old World and the new

In this land of uncertainty, auspice is our hitching post...

— Verse of the Five Moons, Speaks-With-the-All-Voice,
Fianna bard

Ragabash: The New Moon

Any fool knows that attracting someone's attention by
throwing a mule-muffin at the back of his head is better than
letting him get trampled by a stagecoach. You're that fool.
Every court needs a jester and in Gaia's kingdom the Ragabash
holds this honor. You whip away the veil of pretension, throw
it in the mud and dance cackling out of reach of retribution's
claws. If it weren't for your singular insight and irreverent way
with exposition, those who call themselves leaders would be
forever marching blindly into disaster.

Should Garou | permitted to lead their people into
calamity, merely,

might manage Hell no! Is the
way to warn thei quiet wordsa idered counsel?
Hell no! If th ve way, then Id have made
Theurges mot ting. No, the best through humor
andridicule. jarou appreciates a gc

flies into a frenzy whic!
Is it your fault that mos!
‘tolerated...to

Though youare tol lérated, youare less
usually don't lead. Your insightisa ipcelves oneand youare liable
to make few friends. Although all Garou agree that you're a
necessary part of the pack, few personally appreciate you
pointing out their failings. Fewer still understand you. Never-
theless, they treat you with care lest you focus your attentions
on a particular individual, and the freedom you have is envi-
able. Whilst every other auspice has a strict role to follow in
society, the New Moon can go where she pleases, attending to
none but her whim.

Initial Rage: 1

Beginning Gifts: Scent of Running Water, Spider's Song,
Walk Under the New Moon.
Verse of the Five Moons:
Tam Ragabash
Tam laughing, not with you
Tam always out of reach
T can see what is hidden but hide from sight

I say truth and seek not for respect
[tell it like it is

8 I am Ragabash

Chapter Six: Traits

Theurge: Crescent Moon

The Theurge is a seer, a mystic, a shaman. Born under the
crescent moon which casts little light, you are the most
closely connected to the spirit#World. You have wisdom
gained from dark dreaming'ar ind | long study, insight into your
own black depths, andit ysteries of the spirit realm. No
other knows the Umibraas you do; the paths you have trod, no
other can follow. You've made a friend of horror and fear rides
shotgun by your;

The Garou ate nothing without their connection to Gaia
and Her spirits. You, the Theurge, maintain that link; there-
fore the Garou thing without you. You are their
spirit-guide, their tracker and Umbral pioneer. The
Garou look to you ‘Yin all)spiritual matters, You stand aloof,

el ‘ked by your wisdom — wisdom
gained from hellish insi have no time for sitting
around fires and chewing tobacco; You're always occupied

talking with that spirit, meditating on this lore.

Ifthe Garou need ariddle answered they come to you; if they
need comfort they turn to others. Your position makes others
nervous; even great Ahroun fear the Theurge. Who knows
what allies you have? Though unquestioned and feared, you
must learn what it is like to possess something others cannot,
to have your packmates avoid your gaze. Without you the tribe
is doomed, and there would be none to foretell this doom. You
can both heal and harm. Yours isa grave responsibility, but you
would accept nothing less.

Initial Rage: 2

Beginning Gifts: Mother's Touch, Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech
Verse of the Five Moons:

1 am Theurge

I walk hidden paths

I speak lost language

1 am the spirit world's voice

I know the future and the past

I make new paths through the frontiers of the Umbra

Tam Theurge

Philodox: The Half Moon

The Philodox is judge. Balanced as is the half moon,
between light and darkn lfand man, Rage and Will-
legotiator, mediator,

adviser and resolvs

g a
swift pursuer of jt

iny Garou would wear a tin star on
, the Half Moon. You bear a great
stice within the pack, the sept and
ss of Garou are led by Philodox, a

Taking the aie col
tremes, but rather a solid, « able foundation upon which
the pack is founded. Garou come to you for judgment, guid-


W

SSTSSN

XX)

ance, strength and comfort. It is your responsibility to recon-
cile the extremes of Ragabash and Ahroun, to balance the
emotional Galliard and Theurge and forge an effective and
deadly pack. If you fail in your task then no matter what the
strength of the individual members, the pack will surely fail.

Such responsibility can weigh heavily on your shoulders,
and many Philodox find they can't be effective in their roles
without removing themselves from the everyday life of the
pack. You may find you must be aloof and untouchable; but
such strength can be brittle. You must balance yourself and all
things around you. One slip could be fatal — not only for you,
but for your entire pack.

Initial Rage: 3

Beginning Gifts: Resist Pain, Scent of the True Form,
Truth of Gaia

Verse of the Five Moons:

Tam Philodox

Tam light as | am dark

T am Rage as I am calm

I am speed as I am patience

I walk the path that is prepared for me

T am justice raw

Tam Philodox
Galliard: Gibbous Moon

Singer, poet, Storyteller and dancer — these are faces of the
Galliard. Werewolves don't rely on books and writings to recall
their history, to retell their tales; instead the memories of the
great Galliards hold all their lore, and the voices of these bards
sing the stories of their proud past. Around every European
caern-fire can be found a Galliard with a guitar, and the Pure
One silhouetted against the moon, howling on the mesa—she
too is Galliard.

Youarea howler, asinger of;
of dirges and dire odes.Mo
while Ragabash

and battle, andan intoner
are the entertainer;
soothes, calms,
r, teacher and
you see beauty
er the moon of

a ble of true brilliance.
e waxing gibbous moon, your songs
d life-affirming themes of joyful cre-
d by the waning gibbous, however,
artistic soul pours forth beautiful
Nt mber the stories
of the Garou, you d responsibility that
plagues some other auspi es valued packmate, you never
want for companionship, though not all appreciate your glib
tongue and chilling howl.
Initial Rage: 4
Beginning Gifts: Beast Speech, Call of the Wyld, Mindspeak

Verse of the Five Moons:

I am Galliard

The moon is reflected in my eye

The songs well up from the earth at my feet
My howl is heard by friend and foe

My life is as bold as the stories | tell

It is I who will sing the ballad of your life

I am Galliard

Ahroun: The Full Moon

Warrior prince of a warrior race, the Ahroun knows nothing
but battle. To her, there is but one solution to all problems.
Fiercest among the savage, filled with more hate than any other,
the Ahroun has deadly claws too often steeped in gore. She is the
gunslinger in the dusty street, the brave with the fresh scalp in
her hand, the wolf with, ibe ted muzzle. The teeth and

ough few come to an

ye e they call when fear grips

them. Your iron will and steadfast courage inspire the pack and

protect them. Nootheris bettersuited to withstand the deadly attacks

of the Wyrm's scions. Strength is your birthright and your tool, used

to defeat your enemies and control your friends. Any who cross you
had best be able to account for themselves with tooth and claw.

Taisho

Beginning Gifts: Inspiration, Razor Claws, Trick Shot
Verse of the Five Moons:

Tam Ahroun

I am the teeth of the wolf

Tam the hunter and the slayer

I am pain of the earth

Torr esachisrn pot fear

My name is death

Tam Ahroun

Tribes

The tribe is the basis for all of Garou society. The social
instincts of both wolf and human are bred into the Garou, and
the tribes provide a sense of identity the werewolves can get
from nowhere else. Most werewolves are not truly at

home among their human or lupine kin, and only
with their tribes can they find that missing sense of a

14 Werewolf: The Wild West


TLEEL

larger community. The Garouneed the support of their tribes, without which
most would go mad during the First Change. The fierce loyalty most werewolves
feel for their tribes is rivaled only by the loyalty they feel for their packs. In
ancient times, when packs were comprised of Garou of the same tribe, this did
not pose any problems. As more werewolves form mixed-tribe packs, these
potentially conflicting loyalties could pose problems.

Each tribe has its own creation story, in which the tribe plays a prominent part
in the protection of Gaia and the salvation or guidance of the other tribes. Most of
these legends agree that in the beginning, all Garou were of one tribe. The stories
diverge from there, but the Galliards generally agree that the tribal divisions were the
result of fighting between different factions of werewolves. Ever since these first divisions,
the Garou have fought each other with almost the same fervor with which they
fight the Wyrm. Some among the Garou claim that this divisiveness is the
Wyrm's greatest trick; keeping the skinchangers fighting amongst them-
selves leaves them less time, energy and resources to fight the Wyrm. The
split between the Pure Ones and the immigrant werewolves is just the
latest symptom of a hostility that keeps Gaia's greatest warriors from
uniting and destroying the Wyrm's forces once and for all.

In times past, Gaia had other tribes of defenders. The Croatan,
one of the three Pure Tribes, sacrificed itself to destroy the
Eater-of-Souls. The White Howlers were lost to the corrup-
tion of the Wyrm, becoming the hated Black Spiral Dancers.
The remaining tribes see these vile creatures as traitors to Gaia
and all Garou. The European werewolves also speak of another
tribe, the Bunyip, who live in far-off Australia. The mysterious
Bunyip are said to never venture out of Australia, and there has
been no sign that they have ever come to the New World.

The 13 tribes of Garou are described below. Each tribe has a totem
spirit which guides the tribe as a whole. This totem teaches its
children Gifts and may grant them other abilities as
well. Unlike pack totems, tribal totems are not
bought with background points; each Garou
has a connection to her tribal totem. Each
tribe also defends certain areasand people, its
territories and protectorates. These are very
serious obligations of each tribe member.

Backgrounds: Some tribes have Background
restrictions, which are listed with each tribe. A character
with such restrictions may not begin play with these Back-
grounds, nor may she buy them with freebie points. However,
the Storyteller may choose to grant them to the character
through roleplaying. For example, if a Bone Gnawer
character befriended an eccentric millionaire, the Story-
teller could choose to have the Bone Gnawer discover,
upon the millionaire's death, that she is his sole heir. The
Storyteller could then decide to grant the Bone Gnawer
points in Resources.

Black Furies

Greek by origin, the Black Furies look to the New World for

a place to defend Gaia and fight for women's rights. The Furies
believe that women have an inherently stronger bond
with Mother Gaia than a man ever can, and as such the

cu Reibesis eommprizediriesly exclustvely' of tentale Garou:

Chapter Six: Traits


The few males that the Furies do tolerate in the tribe are their
own metis cubs. Though once known for killing their male
children, the Furies now usually give their sons to other tribes
to raise in recognition of the need for more Garou.

Women in the Savage West demand more of a voice and more
of an opportunity to enjoy the same rights and privileges as mei
do, as the United States grows economically more prosperousand
more people expand westward. The Black Furies actively encour-
age and support this growing movement. The Furies often work for
several activist goals, including abolition and especially women's
suffrage. Though many live on the more populous EastCoast,
where more reforms are possible, the Furies have begun moving
West. The rigors of frontier life and the open land provide fertile
ground for the Furies' ambitions. What's more, the frontier is a
direct link to their second responsibility — the Wyld.

To the Furies, the Wyld embodies the Mother. Every acre of
untouched land, every pure stream resounds with the essence of
Gaia. Protecting and nurturing these places is the sacred duty of
every Black Fury. The Furies' rites and Gifts reflect this under-
standing of the Wyld, and are as captivating and complex as the
Wyld they mirror. The Black Furies also place a high value on
honor; their duty to the Mother demands it. Even those Garou
who hate the Furies know they can be trusted.

The Black Furies often have strained
relations with the other tribes.
The male-domi-
nated tribes
tend to
see their
rejection

xX)

of male Furies as a weakness and a crime against Garou. Even the
more moderate tribes don't understand the Furies' reasons for their
practices, and many wrongly believe that the Furies simply hate
mien. The Children of Gaia often work with the Black Furies in
abolitionist and women's rights movements, and frequently vol-
unteer to accept their male children. The Furies have a special
distaste for the Get of Fenris, Garou the Furies feel are without
honor or understanding of the Goddess.

Tribal Totem: Pegasus

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: No restrictions.

Beginning Gift

Physical: The Black Furies live up to their name with coats of
deep black fur, sometimes with lighter markings of silver, white or
gray. While many still show traces of their ancient Greek origins,
the Furies now encompass women of all ethnic groups.

Sense Wyrm, Song of the Seasons

Territory: Most Black Furies avoid the male-dominated cities,
choosing instead to live in secluded wilderness; this often leads to
minor conflicts with the Pure Onesand Red Talons whoalsoclaim
such territories. Some live in the cities and towns to better
promote women's rights and support the abolitionist movement.

Protectorate: The Black Furies hope to prevent the same
taming of the Wyld that occurred in
Europe. The conflict between Weaver

and Wyld energies have roused the
anger of the Furies, who there-

fore try to drive the
Weaver and Wyrm
from the Storm
Umbra.


The Black Furies also assume the protection of women, and are
likely to practice their combat skills by sinking their claws and
fangs into those who would commit crimes against women.

Quote: You have all of 10 seconds to set that strap down before
T open your skull. You read me?

Bone Gnawers

Every society has its downtrodden poor, and the Garou are
no exception. The Bone Gnawers have survived centuries of
oppression and hardship, living on the streets of human cities,
getting by through wits and determination. The Gnawers get
little help from most other werewolves; in fact, they get little
of anything but contempt
though, and thrive wh

Bone Cus do

rain cloud over their parade,
New World was supposed to be ferceees to prevent the sort
of oppression they were accustomed to, and they're doing
everything in their power to stop it. The Bone Gnawers, along
with the Black Furies and the Children of Gaia, are one of the
most active tribes in the abolitionist movement.

The Bone Gnawers have spread throughout the world from
their origins in Africa and India, breeding with humans ofall races
and ethnic backgrounds. Once possibly related to jackals, the
Gnawers' lupus blood is now thinning a touch. Centuries of living
in cities have diluted their wolf heritage, though the Bone
Gnawersamong the mountain men and scavengerson the frontier
have been helping to reintroduce wolf blood to the tribe.

The Bone Gnawers often find more than food while scav-
enging. Gnawers usually know the tidbits of gossip, the latest
rumors on riches to be found, or when a new wagon train is due
in town. The Bone Gnawers who live in the cities and large
towns help supply the Iron Riders with rumors of inventions
and experiments. Many pure-bred werewolves dislike dealing
with the low-born Gnawers, but reluctantly swallow their
pride and negotiate with the mongrel tribe when they need to
learn something that can't be discovered in the wild.

Though Bone Gnawers usually wear dirty, tattered clothes and
eat whatever they can scrape together, they do know how to take
care of themselves and others. Gnawers measure their status by
what possessions they've accumulated and how generously they
share their treasures with others of their tribe. They often extend
this munificence to the down-and-outs of human society as well.

Tribal Totem: Rat

Initial Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Bone Gnawers may not buy Past Life, Pure
Breed or Resources.

Beginning Gifts: Odious Aroma, Stone Soup
Physical: Bone Gnawers in Lupus form often look

r ) like large stray wolf-dogs, mangy and disheveled from

Chapter Six: Traits

their scavenging, their coats rough and mottled. Though small
for Garou, they are remarkably resilient. Bone Gnawers can now
be found in any ethnic or racial background, and so represent the
full spectrum of human types.

Territory: The Gnawers claim boom towns, railroad ghet-
tos, hermits' shacks and all sorts of not-quite-rich communities
for their own. Considering the number of less than well-to-do
towns in the frontier, it's not surprising that the Bone Gnawers.
have quite a bit of influence west of the Mississippi.

Protectorate: The Bone Gnawers have appointed them-
selves guardians of all those everyone else would like to forget.
They watch out for all those who have nothing, and consider
themselves champions of the true salt of the earth.

Quote: Well, maybe the law we serve ‘round here ain't quite
what you expected. But we're good folk in a good town, and we
really don't ‘preciate your comin' round and tryin' to oust us just
‘cause we ain't got enough money to bring in solicitors to speak for
us. Maybe you'll understand this by way of negotiation...

Children of Gaia

Through all the bloody conflicts that have divided the
Garou, one tribe has called for unity. Through all the hatred
that fires the Rage of the wolf-changers, one tribe has called for
understanding and compromise. The Children of Gaia believe
that violence is not the only means by which the Garou must
defend the Mother.

While they concede that it is not always possible, or even
desirable, to avoid a fight, the Children know that the Wyrm
finds an open gateway for corruption in every heart tainted by
hatred, in every act of vengeance and malice, in every moment

ger or hatred, but

e the only option.
The Children also ve that the division of the Garou into
tribes wasatrick ofthe Wyrm, meant to weaken Gaia's defend-
ers. They believe Sli are of one,tribe, that all are
Children of Gaia. Unicotti? it, cal often aid

Garou of other rea: TT h
this unity pone =a e Chil-
dren beliéve th < =f Meret Gaia's
well- béing, and that Kin infolk, hu even some other
supernatural creattites can be ho allies in fighting the
Wyrm. Most other tribes look on ae expansiveness as soft-
headedness, but the Children press their point none the weaker.
The Children of Gaia feel well at home in the United States,
a nation whose ideals and very Constitution they influenced.
The Children encourage everyone, even their cubs, to express
their opinions and to act on their beliefs. The Children of Gaia
hold peculiar beliefs for werewolves; they feel that even elders
can learn from cubs. Dissenting opinions are not only permitted,
but encouraged. This respect for the right to disagree allows the
Children to avoid the power struggles some of the other tribes

experience, and permits them to rapidly put aside their personal
differences in the face ofa threat that requires immediate action.

17


xX

Tribal lore tells that in the early days of the New World,
a Child of Gaia aided the Croatan in their fight against the
Wyrm, and the tribe is now encouraging the Uktena and the
Wendigo to join with the European Garou they so resent. The
Children are faced with a great dilemma. Most want to
actively work against slavery, relocation and murder of the
Pure Ones, as well as the lack of women's rights. They are also
aware that pushing these issues too much could plunge the
nation into war. The Children of Gaia have been polarized on
this issue. Through a grand moot, the Children decided to
compromise by speaking against these things, while working
against them subtly and secretly by aiding such works as the
Underground Railroad. The majority have accepted this
compromise, and also work through their extensive network
of Kinfolk and human allies.

Some renegades feel that not actively fighting against these
issues allows the Wyrm to gain too much of a foothold in the
Pure Land. These Children take the fight into their own claws,
despite opposition from the rest of their tribe. Because the

Children of Gaia have never believed in reprisals against those  s u

following their conscience, the tribe as a whole has not yell
taken action to stop them. 4
Some other tribes think the Children of Gaia are weak, a
see their calls for unity and compassion as a sign of cowardice
Some think them arrogant fools whose self-righteous con
nation of the other tribes will only serve the Wyrm.
Garou recognize that the Children are honorable and
been able to keep peace at times when others though
impossible. Some few even know that a Child of Gaia who h:

it

Quote: Put down those guns, damn both your hides! A Hive
boils up under the land's skin not half a mile from here, and all you
can think of is avenging little lapses of courtesy? If you want a real
fight, one that's worth your time, you'll follow me — NOW!

Fianna

The Garou hold their history and legends dear. No tribe is more
aware of the need to remember the old tales than the Fianna. The
Fianna claim to have devised the Garou language, and point to
similar words in ancient Gaelic by way of proof. The Fiannaare the
keepers of Garou history, well-versed in the knowledge of the
Silver Record. Even the Silver Fangs consult with the Fianna
when they need toknowsomefine pointof legend, or want to trace
a werewolf's lineage back to ancient times.

Descended from the ancient Celts, the Fianna came to
America with the influx of Irish, Scottish and Welsh immi-
grantseThoughsthe. Fianna are well-known for their Galliard
bards anid loremasters, there are few who want to rouse the ire of
an t. Their Ahroun are fierce fighters, and the tribe's
ity and will to fight is renowned among the Garou.

ore, the Fianna have always been notorious for keeping
nong the fae — although that's starting to change.
> Fig u wa love their Kinfolk, and crossed the ocean with their
kin who! -ihg oppression in Britain and famine in Ireland.
The Fianna have spread across the country, seeking the land and
security that was unavailable to them in their native homes. This
desire to grab land has brought them into conflict with the Uktena
and Wendigo, as it is often the Pure Ones who suffer from the

sexpansion of the Fianna and their kin. Some Fianna have become

decided the time has come for violent action should not bef defenders of their lands, often killing any unexpected

crossed. Having reached that point, their dedication
and knowledge that they have exhausted otheram
resolution strengthens their resolve and allows t
full force of their convictions behind every cla

Tribal Totem: Unicorn

Initial Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: No restrictions.

Beginning Gifts: Mother's Touch, Resist Pain

Physical: Everything about the Children of Gaia's forms
echoes their connection to Gaia. Their fur tends toward earthy
colors of brown and grey, often with white markings. Majestic
and powerful, they radiate calm and inner confidence rather
than the savage ferocity of other Garou.

Territory: The Children of Gaia can be found almost every-
where. In the new cities and towns, on reservations with the Pure
Ones, acting as wilderness guides, the Children range across the
whole of the new territories, trying to ease the tensions and
growing pains of the nation.

Protectorate: All of humanity. The Children of Gaia try toact
as the conscience both of werewolves and humans. The Children
have been working for millennia to enlighten the human popula-
tion about Gaia's gifts, and continue to try to influence the actions
of humanity and Garou, primarily by example.

Moving to the Savage West with their human Kinfolk has
eant leaving their fae heritage behind. Some among the Fianna
speculate that their tribe is slowly being driven mad, having been
cut offfrom the faeries that remain in Europe. Galliards gather the

cubs around campfires, spinning tales of Fianna so desperate to
contact their fae allies that they have been found inscribing

cient Celtic symbols into the ground in their own blood. Some
even claim to have proof that their tales are based in fact.

The Fianna easily succumb to their passions, and get themselves
in trouble that way more often than any other. They are quick to
laugh, quick to love and quick to anger. Traditionally, Fianna enjoy
the company of others, and can often be found around a campfire
telling stories, or in a saloon singing along with the piano player, or
playing the piano themselves. In the Savage West, some Fianna lose
themselves in booze, gambling, and fighting, occasionally resorting
to thievery and banditry to gain a bit more of what they feel is owed
tothem. Loyal to their friends, the Fianna swiftly and ruthlessly deal
with those who cross them. Many Fianna ballads recount the tales
of loves and fights lost and won.

Tribal Totem: Stag

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: No restrictions.

Beginning Gifts: Persuasion, Resist Toxin

Werewolf: The Wild West


Physical: The Fianna have coats of deep black or red fur.
Their wolf forms are large, even for Garou, often looking like
Irish wolfhounds in Lupus form. The human stock is generally
Celtic; the Fianna tend to mate with their Kinfolk and with
immigrants from Ireland, Scotland and Wales.

Territory: Fianna prefer to live in rural, picturesque areas.
They can be found anywhere they might be able to get some
land. Rovers and adventurers, the Fianna also trek into the
mountains looking for gold, and live on the outskirts of towns
with good saloons.

Protectorate: The Fianna watch after their immigrant kin
whom they came to protect. They travel along the railroads
with the Irish laborers. By the nature of their circumstances,
they have found aid from the Bone Gnawers and the Children
of Gaia, and help keep an eye on their protectorates as well.

Quote: Lad, there's land aplenty out here, and I was content to
get along, you on one side of that stream and me on the other. But
then you had to be saying that stuff about me sister, and I'll be asking

‘you to apologize, and then perhaps slink along to the next territory
No? Faith, | was hoping you'd
say something like that.

To the Get of Fenris, strength and hard work are power.
Nothing is more important than the battle except victory.
Only the strongest deserve to survive, because only the stron-
gest and finest will be able to best the Wyrm. If the Pure Ones
were really so pure, if they were truly worthy, they would have
the strength and ability to prevent the Get from taking their
lands. While the Uktena and Wendigo blame the Europeans
for bringing the Wyrm to taint their pure land, the Get blame
the Uktena and Wendigo for allowing themselves to grow
weak and lose their ability to fight the Wyrm.

The Get constantly challenge themselves, their packmates
and others of their tribe. For them, life is a cold, harsh struggle,
and nobody deserves any special consideration. The Get have
no patience for the abolitionists and women's suffrage advo-
cates, or for the complaints of the Pure Ones who whine about
the loss of their land. The Get believe the only rights you have
are the ones you earn for yourself. When the slaves free
themselves, when the women win the right to vote, then
they'll truly be worthy of their new rights.

The Get of Fenris, like most of the other tribes, have spread
across the land with their Kinfolk. Some are recent
immigrants, some the descendants of families who have

lived in the Northeast for decades. The Get prefer the
northern lands, as they find the cold, harsh life
reminiscent of their homelands. This
has brought them into direct ter-
ritorial conflict with the
Wendigo. The Get can
be found as home-
steaders


>=*

SSSSN

OXI

farmers, working the land and staking their claims. Few Get go
after rumored gold or grand business plans, shunning "get-rich-
quick" schemes and political games in favor of hard, honest work.

Little is more sacred to a Get than his word. A Get of Fenris
would sooner die keeping his word than live and break an oath.
Though they have little tolerance for complaints of unfairness,
they also have little for those whogetttheir way through deceit

Struggle and continuous
reat courage. They know
ifito. their hearts as the

ofany ‘SOF, Only through
i wits catr chey. hope to be

Tribal Tote:

Initial Wil

Background
Mentor.

Beginning Gifts: Razor Claws, Safe Haven

Physical: The Get of Fenris are usually huge, grey-coated
wolves, their huge, muscled forms monuments to savagery and
ferocity. Most have battle scars of some sort, and many bear
ritual scars and mystical runes they have carved into their flesh.
Most Get are of Germanic and Nordic origin, descended from
the Vikings, Angles, Saxons and Jutes.

Territory: The Get have any territory they can take. Most
prefer northern lands, close to their Kinfolk. Although they are
among the worst land-grabbers, they won't press for a territory
if the inhabitants put up a strong enough fight.

Protectorate: The Get of Fenris are extremely protective of
their Kinfolk, and become even more savage than usual when
their relatives are threatened. The Get have also taken some
caerns they felt were not being adequately protected; this has
infuriated many other tribes, including many Europeans. Any
place they feel is in real danger of being corrupted by the Wyrm
is open to them.

Quote: Hah! That was well-fought, pup! Oh, don't scowl like
that — I haven't been beaten yet, and frankly, you aren't the one
to beat me. What matters is that you tried. Here, pup, have
something to drink. It may not take the sting away, but it'll put you
in a better mood about it.

Iron Riders

New towns are popping up everywhere, and the Iron Riders
are right there with them. Technology is developing rapidly,
telegraphs and railroads are becoming more widely used, and
the Iron Riders are there, encouraging this development and
learning as much as they can. The Iron Riders claim to have
found spirits of money and metal that they understand and
learn from.

The Iron Riders are unique among the Garou in that they
don'tdread the spread of humanity. They see human civilization
and culture, not untamed wilderness, as the future of the world.
They claim that the Technology-spirits are proof that Gaia

‘is may not purchase Contacts or

120

Werewolf: The Wild West

encourages human achievements, and are a sign that the Garou
must adapt to the changing world. Most of the other tribes think
the Iron Riders are at best crazy, and at worst aiding the Wyrm.
The rapid spread of human civilization has required that
werewolves learn better to walk among humans and their
settlements. The Iron Riders have been of great assistance to the
tural kin of other tribes who have been forced to deal with
encroaching human towns, so mostare unwilling to accuse them
openly of aiding the Wyrm. To the amazement of the other
tribes, the Iron Riders have even been able to establish caerns in
towns and cities, which the Iron Riders use as further proof that
they have neither abandoned nor been abandoned by Gaia.
However, many Theurges point to the upheaval in the Storm
Umbra as evidence that the Weaver-energies pouring into the
region are far from completely benign. The Riders themselves
agree that the Wyrm is indeed working its ways on many of the
local Weaver-spirits, but refuse to blame technology and its
associated influences for the way that some might abuse them.

The Iron Riders in the Savage West ally themselves with
human visionaries investing in new technology, laying the
foundation of the telegraph system, and extending the railroad
from coast to coast. While this has earned them the enmity of
some other tribes, especially the Wendigo, Uktena and Red
Talons, they do have support from the Bone Gnawers and
interested tolerance from the Children of Gaia.

Tribal Totem: Cockroach

Initial Willpower: 3)

Backgrounds: Iron Ridggsy ne buy Pure Breed, Mentor
or Past! Life.

Physical The ron Ri
in Lupus form. Theystent

yt favor he latest
ble, and will use their
1 sure they are

groups of all the cities
fashions, even Parisian
contacts among the wea
alwayeit in ee coves ERY, 3
¢ inall of the newcities
West. They prefer the
power brokers to that
ped found many of the
me Iron Riders have
vad, as they are well-

suited to crossing the plan the next track.
tors, wealthy inves-

rostile la
Protectorate:
those who want to

tors, =e eo a
advance human knot ledge. of the sciences and technology, and

do theirdamnedest to keep the cities clean of the Wyrm's blight.

Quote: Relax, friend! I know that iron horse seems unsettling at
first, but believe me, it's no worse than a horse of flesh and blood.
Listen to that whistle — just like the call of a songbird. It's
the new breed of creature, with steam for blood and irbn
for bones. Ain't it grand?

become ail as sul


|

Red Talons

The spread of humanity has often left young cubs with the
mistaken impression that all werewolves are born as humans.
Notso. In particular, the Red Talons are born only to the wolves
of the wild, and these Garou feel that Gaia would be better off
if humanity stopped crawling around on Herskin entirely.

The first Red Talons came through'the Umbra to the Pure
Land around the same time the Euro

who had claimed all of the wi
there, ifstill cruel, fallible a
sacred Earth. The Taloy
native werewolves, aj
Though fighting began.
Ones and the Europe
attention to these affairs.

The Red Talons g cy mingled with the large American
wolf population, and began to establish dominance over the
wolf packs and find suitable territory. As the humans have
continued to encroach on the lands of the Pure Ones, the
influence of the Weaver and the awakening of the Storm Eater
have become too powerful for the Red Talons to ignore. Some
of the Talons have suggested an alliance with the Pure Ones to
drive out the offending Europeans, Garou and human alike.

Tribal Totem: Griffin

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Red Talons may not buy human Allies,
Contacts or Resources. Their only Kinfolk are wolves.

Beginning Gifts: Beast Speech, Eye of the Hunter

Physical: The Red Talons are large wolves, with red to
ruddy brown fur. They prefer to stay in Lupus or Hispo form as
muchas possible, and many try to live their entire lives without
changing to the hated human form. When they do change, the
Talons are often awkward, stumbling and slouching in their
unaccustomed stance. They tend to be very hairy, almost
brutish and primitive humans. No matter the form, a Talon
always has a patch of red fur on his body.

Territory: The Red Talons live among the native wolf
population, staying as far away from the encroaching human
civilization as possible. They still have great freedom and space
in the former Pure Land, but the growing taint of the Weaver
and the tumult of the Umbra have disturbed them.

Protectorate: The Red Talons have appointed themselves
protectors of the unspoiled wilderness. They are determined not to
let the old poison take thisnew land. They have adopted the native
wolves as their packs and protect them as well. Many Talons feel a
duty to teach the lupus of the Wendigo and Uktena of the evils of
humans, but for the most part itisnotsucceeding. The lupus of these
tribes are too accustomed to dealing with humans who understand
the role of the Garou and who respect Gaia.

Quote: You are neither welcome nor safe here, ape. A

pity you have no time remaining to regret your mistake.

Chapter Six: Traits

Shadow Lords

Gaia made some to serve and some to be served, and those
who don't know or won't assume their place must be elimi-
nated. Ruthless and cold, the Shadow Lords believe absolutely
in submission and dominance. They are dominant; all else are
subordinate. Those who don't submit serve no purpose. In their
haughty arrogance, the Shadow Lords know they are the only
ones fit for leadership of the Garou.

The Shadow Lords seek power endlessly, and will stop at
nothing to get it. They show no mercy and expect none in
return. They are formidable physical fighters, but are also
renowned for their political skill. Most Garou prefer the
honesty of a straight-up brawl, but the Shadow Lords are well
aware that some fights are better won with guile and cunning.

The Lords' quest for leadership and authority serves them
well in the Savage West. The wild, untamed land cries out for the
Shadow Lords to take control and claim it for their own. This
domination takes many forms. Some Lords have formed outlaw
gangs, while others have become sheriffs and deputies who rule
their towns with an iron fist, dictating law and order. The
Shadow Lords see their chance to gain true power and authority
in America. A land that has cast off the authority of royalty may
not be so eager for the rule of the Silver Fangs. Of course, the
democratic ideals may cause problems, but the Lords are certain
they can work around that. For now, they are content to be the
councilors and executors of Garou law, bringing the other tribes
in line with a steel hand.

Rumors of the Storm Eater have also roused the interest of the
Shadow Lords. They see the creature as a direct insult to
Grandfather Thunder's supremacy and a challenge to their
dominance. Some among them wonder if the Storm Eater is a
ploy of the Silver Fangs to destroy their influence, and perhaps
their very tribe. Evidence so far seems to deny this, but the Lords
are slow to let go of their suspicions.

Tribal Totem

and savage, wit
human

often command tHe attention of the humans around thems,
Territory: Shadow Lords enjoy places where they can enjoy
being masters of all they survey. Mountain passes, thick forests,
and deep, cold lakes are all pleasant retreats or hideouts for
outlaws. However, many Shadow Lords find little to be gained
in dominance over air, trees and water alone, and so will add
wolf packs or human settlements to their domains.
Protectorate: The Shadow Lords feel responsible for them-
selves, their pack, their tribe and their territory. All others are
there to be conquered. Some Lords don't take it even that far;


SSSSE

they feel responsible only for themselves, and ifany of the others
are so weak that they are not able to protect themselves, they
deserve to die for the good of the world. Some Shadow Lords,
most notably acamp within the tribe called the Judges of Doom,
appoint themselves keepers of Garou law. These travel from
town to town, appropriating whatever seems best-suited for the
tribe and passing judgment on local violators of the Litany. In
this, they've earned a fearful respect from many tribes, who see
a visit from a Shadow Lord as kin toa visit from Death himself.

Quote: If you were capable of handling this affair yourself,
Sheriff, Inever would have come here. Now I recommend you shut
up and have a seat in the shade, because I'm not inclined to tolerate

‘you getting in my way. Are we crystal-clear on this?

Silent Striders

Some say that the enigmatic Silent Striders maintained
contact with the Pure Ones after they'd crossed to the Pure
Land. Others claim that the New World we
the Striders unable to penetrate. The Silent Striders
themselves remain true to their name and say nothing on the
subject. Whatever the truth, the Striders now travel the
wagon paths and the moon paths of America as eagerly as
they travel the rest of the world. The
appearing from nowhere and vanishing as suddenly as they
came, leaving nothing behind but a riddle, warning or even
slain Wyrm-beast to mark their passing.

s the one place

Te notorious for

The Striders find great pleasure in scouting uncharted
territory. They journey across the whole of the land, learning
the great secrets and mysteries this
new territory has to reveal. i

They frequently travel TY

the Umbra and speak with the spirits, learning all they can about
the workings of the Wyrm in this new land. The Silent Striders
have recently begun conferring with the Uktena over the Storm
Eater, which the Striders learned of in their Umbral travels.

Many 6fthevother tribes do not trust the Silent Striders. The
Striderstiayea longhistory.ofap/pearifig with porttents of some
great evil and they,refiise todiscussihow.and Why they know
what they do. ManyGarou do not even like totalkto the Silent
Striders, for fear of giving away tribal secrets only to get
nothing in return. The Striders accept this isolation, feeling it
a fair price to pay for the knowledge and wisdom they gain
Even so, the road can get lonely; occasionally Striders join
mixed-tribe packs, to which they become fiercely loyal.

Tribal Totem: Owl

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Silent Striders may not buy Past Life or
Resources.

Beginning Gifts: Sense Wyrm, Speed of Thought

Physical: The physical forms of the Silent Striders reflect

their origins in North Africa. In their wolf forms, they

resemble Egyptian jackals, looking like
'
) =

they strode out of legends of the

i Egyptian god Anubis. Their
fhutnat forms are usually
lean but tough from

their travels,
and inter-

breeding


has introduced ethnic and racial types from all over the
world. Most Striders maintain an air of quiet nobility and
wisdom well beyond their years.

Territory: Most Silent Striders claim no territory, prefer-
ring to wander wherever their quest for knowledge takes them.

Protectorate: The Silent Striders protect those who ven-
ture forth in search of enlightenment. They watch out for the
explorers and wanderers of the world, often looking after
entertainment troupes or traveling sideshows.

Quote: Those squirrel guns won't do you no good if you're
planning to go into those mines. If what's down there is anything like
the residents of Cueva Veneno —and I'll bet you they are — you'd

better make other preparations. Trust me on this one.

Silver Fangs

Every group must have its leaders, and the Silver Fangs have
long been the leaders of the Garou. They are widely believed
to have been the first tribe, and this tradition has given them
the respect of most of the other tribes.

Atfirst glance, the Silver Fangs embody the werewolf ideal.

Their regal bearing ap pee still awe even
x aré legendary, their

cynical Garou
martial prowé ir leaders! strong and

just. But someof their rivals whisper of the weakness of age and
the frailty of their inbred line. /
The Silver Fangs claitti the''Réssian Empire as their home-

land, and for centuries have bred among the nobles of Europe.
Just as the human nobility is widely inbred among the monar-
chies of Europe, so too is the nobility of the Garou. Some
among the Silver Fangs saw the journey to the Pure Land not
only as their duty to the Garou there, but also as a chance to
infuse their tribe with new blood. Very few of these were able
to both shed their habits of breeding with the wealthy, power-
ful elite, and gain the trust of the Pure Ones and their kin.
Those who did were able to breed with the chiefs of the native
tribes, but most simply continued breeding with the rich and
powerful among the immigrant Europeans.

The Silver Fangs have taken it upon themselves to reunite
the Uktena and Wendigo with their brethren. The Silver
Fangs do not understand the reluctance of their newest sub-
jects to follow; they can't imagine that the Pure Ones want
nothing to do with the Fangs' noblesse oblige. The Silver Fangs
also have difficulty with the Garou born in the States, who
don't have the proper respect for nobility or the courts of
leaders. These Garou, born into a democratic system, have
resisted the Silver Fangs' attempts to impose the courtly, regal
hierarchy of the European courts.

Tribal Totem: Falcon

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Silver Fangs must spend at least three of their

Background points on Pure Breed.

Beginning Gifts: Eminent Domain, Sense Wyrm

Physical: The Silver Fangs have sleek white or silver coats,
and most have blue or green eyes. Their majestic forms radiate
apowerful grace. In Homid form, the Silver Fangs represent the
full range of world nobility, though the majority of the tribe
descends from European courts.

Territory: The Silver Fangs choose places that reflect the
majesty of their tribe as their own. A breathtaking panorama
of mountains and forests or a cliff overlooking the Pacific
Ocean would be ideal.

Protectorate: The Silver Fangs are the leaders of the Garou,
and as such feel the traditional obligation of a lord to protect
his vassals. The Garou as a whole are the protectorate of the
Silver Fangs, though the other tribes are expected to return the
favor with their loyalty and respect.

Quote: Get the young ones to safety. It's me they're really after,
and I'm damned if I won't make them sorry for it. If | don't follow
after you, tell the others that a Silver Fang died here tonight — in a
river of his foes' blood!

Stargazers

Few Stargazers roam Gaia, and even fewer have crossed the
oceans to America. The story of their tribe's formation has
been nearly lost, and many Garou of other tribes know only
that the Stargazers exist — nothing else. The Stargazers
themselves cite their origin, an old, old story, as taking place in
the dim past, almost before the end of the Impergium. Despair-
ing of the Wyrm-spawned hatred that had crept into the souls
of the Garou, some turned from their tribes to another path.
These werewolves purged the Wyrm-taint from themselves
and found a center of balance and peace within their own
hearts. The Stargazers prefer their own company to that of
other Garou. In this, their great strength has become their
greatest weakness. By rejecting others of their kind, they have
lost the desire to be part of a pack, a great legacy from their wolf
heritage. Their desire for solitude has greatly diminished their
numbers; they are easily the t of the 13 tribes. Many of
them are not even borngto the tri ut are"converted from

those who seek a path outside Wha inbirth tribe provides.
Despite these dieicta zers are quite formi-
dable when they act. y masters of a complicated

fighting technique the se the special
abilities of each arness the Rage of the
Garou. Like the Childr if azers seek peace,

led for. The-Stargazers see
‘e often than the Children,
lo not See all opponents as
pponent whom they believe
p him without permanently
er is convinced that a foe is
ave long to live.

but will resort to vi
combat as a necessary réality
and are quicker to fight. The'
irredeemably evil; if they fight
can be helped, they will try to
harming him. But when a Star;
without hope, that foe doesn't
Most Stargazers come from Asia, and the few Stargazers in
the Savage West primarily came with their kin who were
brought in to lay the railroads. Many came in hopes of reaching

Chapter Six: Traits 128


the Uktena and the Wendigo with the messages of internal
truth that have been rejected by the European Garou. How-
ever, their numbers make them all but invisible in the Savage
West, a thirteenth tribe that is rarely mentioned or recognized,
much less represented in local septs.

Tribal Totem: Chimera

Initial Willpower: 5

Backgrounds: Stargazers may not buy Allies, Fetish or
Resources.

Beginning Gifts: Balance, Threads of the Weaver

Physical: Stargazers have a wide range of fur colors, reflect-
ing their diverse origins. The majority have gray to black coats,
often with markings of other colors. The few Stargazers born to
the tribe come largely from Far Eastern lands, though some
have European and African roots.

Territory: Stargazers wander the unexplored and little-
known regions of the Earth. They seek seclusion in which to
discover more paths to harmony, and enlightened Garou to
teach their wisdom.

Protectorate: Stargazers favor rovers and seekers, solitary
philosophers and any who seek wisdom and awareness of Gaia.
Many watch over Chinese ghettoes and isolated, introspective
tribes of Native Americans. Stargazers sometimes teach their
truths to humans whom they trust as well as Garou, but are
careful to veil much of their arcane speak in metaphor — there
are some things that humans are safer not knowing.

Quote: The superior warrior is as the wind — invisible in
motion, perceptible only by the way his targets shift and fall. He
needs not move at all —he has become motion. Weapons of all sorts
are mere childhood toys to him, to be put aside. As long as you rely

on these foolish firearms, you will always be an
inferior warrior

SSeS

ZILZz

Uktena

When the Pure Ones came to the Pure Land, the Uktena spread
their charges across the southern parts of North America, and even
farthersouth where appropriate. There the Uktena began exploring
the strange spirits of the land, and leamed the ways of the other
Changing Breeds. They soon discovered that there was Wyrm-
corruption even here. Thotigh the Ukrena destroyed what Banes
and other Wyrm-spirits they could, sortie Were too powerful; so the
Uktena called on the Wendiggand Eroatan to bind them instead.
The three tribes joinedit@create a net ofpowerinthe Pure Land,
drawing on this power to seal thé Banes below the Earth in their
slumber. With the destruction of the Groatan and the arrival of
European Garou, these sealshaye beenibroken, and the Uktena fear
that the ancient Banes may sgon be free.

With the aid of the Silene)Striders, the Uktena have
discovered that one ancient spirit, the Storm Eater, has
already torn itself free. The Uktena do not know what effect
the Storm Eater will have on the already disturbed Umbra or
on the physical world, but they fear that its wrath may help
free other Wyrm-creatures as well.

‘The Wyrnibringers have destroyed many of the sacred sites,
and are decimating the Uktena's Kinfolk through disease and
forced removal from their lands

adopted the other victims of the
Wyrmbringers: the

Asa result, the Uktena have


slaves they brought to work the land. The tribe is still primarily
comprised of the Pure Ones, but is incorporating more and more
refugees of the Wyrmbringers' oppression. As the physical world
becomes less hospitable to the Uktena, they spend more time
searching the Umbra for answers and guidance. In the process,
they have begun to learn many secrets of the Wyrm, which
disturbs the other tribes, who fear the Uktena may take their
search for a way to fight the Wyrm's predations a bit too far.

The Uktena trust few of the European Garou. Too many of
the Wyrmcomers have preyed on the Pure Ones. Too many
caerns have fallen, and too many Banes have been unwittingly
freed. The Uktena deal with the Silent Striders only because of
the great threat from the Banes and the Storm Eater. They
entertain the occasional Child of Gaia missionary, but are
loath to completely accept the Children's policy of forgiveness
and tolerance. They respect the Children of Gaia for their
acceptance of the Pure Ones, but are mildly dubious of any
Europeans who bring talk of compromise and peace.

Tribal Totem: Uktena (a Native American water spirit combin-
ing the features of serpent, deer and cougar)

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: No restrictions.

Beginning Gifts: Cloud of Night, Sense Medicine

Physical: In their wolf forms, the Uktena usually haves
brown coats and dark eyes. They are medi
tougher than their appearance might sugges!
is still primarily of the Pure Ones, but is
descendants of African slaves and Asian labor
Territory: The Uktena try to continue tend
sites and watching the sleeping Banes. The
Wyrmcomers often makes this a difficult task, but th
try to remain as close as possible to the sites they tend.
live in the Indian territories, particularly in what will eventu-
ally become Oklahoma, with their human cousins.

Protectorate: The Uktena care for the Pure Ones they have
tended for millennia. They have also adopted the displaced
natives formerly protected by the slain Croatan and the former
slaves who have joined them. Almost above all else, the tribe
tends the old sacred sites and guards the locations of the
sleeping Banes, trying to keep the old seals empowered.

Quote: Foolish ones! Don't you see what it is you do? Your clumsy
footsteps tear webs, break cocoons. Every step frees another spirit, and
every spirit feeds our great enemy. Why must you be sightless and deaf?

Wendigo

When the three Pure Tribes parted ways, the Wendigo chose
the northern parts of the continent. They participated in creat-
ing the great spiritual net that bound the sleeping Wyrmspawn
in the Pure Land, and then they lived in peace, growing with
their Kinfolk and enjoying the bounty Gaia provided for them.

When the net began tearing, all that changed. The

Wendigo have now spread south in an effort to fight
the Wyrmbringers and protect the Pure Land.

Chapter Six: Traits

The Wendigo disliked the Wyrmbringers from the time
they arrived, and the loss of the Croatan strengthened their
resolve to chase the Wyrmbringers out of the Pure Land. The
Wendigo now fight a valiant and desperate, but losing, battle.
The Wyrmbringers claim all of the ancient places, leaving the
Pure Ones to eke out their survival from land that is foreign to
and often incompatible with their customs. The Wyrmbringers
claim the land as their own, denying the bounty of Gaia to all
others, as if they have some right to keep a piece of Her for their
own. The Wyrmbringers have even started to corrupt Older
Brother Uktena, who has adopted some of the newcomers as
his own. To the Wendigo, the fight against the Wyrmbringers
and the taint they bring, both of Wyrm and Weaver, is for
nothing less than the very survival of themselves and their kin.
They can see that the land they protect for Gaia will soon be
yet another conquest for the Weaver and the Wyrm if they
don't stop the spread of the Wyrmbringers now.

The Wendigo refuse to deal with most other Garou. Of the
newcomers, the Wendigo associate most freely with the Red
Talons, sympathizing with their desire to kill invading humans —
as long as the natives are spared. They sometimes speak with the
Children of Gaia, as Middle Brother Croatan would have wanted.
Otherwise, the Wendigogenerally associate solely with the Uktena,
who are the only other Garou they consider pure enough. The
ndigo harbor a particular hatred for the Get of Fenris and
whocompete for their ancient territory and are among the

thlessly turn them out of their lands.

fackgrounds: Wendigo may not buy Contacts or Re-
Ources.

Beginning Gifts: Call the Breeze, Song of the Seasons

Physical: The wolf blood of the Wendigo comes from the
great northern timber wolves. Their coats are gray, brown,
ora mixture of the two. They have stout, powerful muscles
and deadly fangs. Their human blood is exclusively of the
Pure Ones, as they have refused to breed with any of the
Wyrmbringers.

Territory: The Wendigo prefer the deep forests of the
northern territories, though some have ventured south, either
traveling with the Pure Ones or aiding the Uktena in fighting
the Wyrmbringers.

Protectorate: All of the land. Surveyors, expeditions, and
pioneer trains are all fair game for their Rage. They are often
among the more warlike tribes of Native Americans, and feel
close to the Apache and Sioux. Any of the Wyrmbringers
who would try to claim another bit of land are legitimate
targets to the Wendigo — who don't limit themselves to
humans, either. Any intruding werewolf is likely to find her
entrails sacrificed to the noble Rage of the Wendigo.

Quote: Your filth will not spread any further across this land,
pale cousins. If you mean to cross this plain, you will nourish it with
your blood.

T


Attributes
Specialties

For each Attribute and Ability Trait rated 4 or higher, a
player can select a specialty. A specialty is some area of
expertise where a body can lay legitimate claim to some
bragging rights — a character may be an able horseman, but
might be more a long-distance traveler than a swift rider. A
specialty allows the player to reroll 10s scored on actions
directly involving the specialty. The player gets to keep the
success indicated by the 10, and may subsequently try again for
another success, rolling another die for each 10 obtained.

Physical

These Traits tell how tough, nimble and brawny a char-
acter is, and are the primary Traits of action-oriented
characters. Physical Traits concern only your body's strengths
and weaknesses.

Strength

This Trait measures your brute strength — how large a bale
you can lift, how long a barge you can tote, how much
punishment you can dish out. Folks with high Strength ratings
tend to be big fellows or strapping wenches, rather than punier
types of people. ‘Course, you can probably think of a tough-as-
nails hombre or a brave cut from stone who barely comes to
your shoulder, but every rule has its exceptions.

Strength comes in when you want to haul, heave or bust
something. In melee combat, your Strength Trait is added
to your damage Dice Pool. Strength is also used when you
take a hack at any kind of leap or jump.

Specialties: Burly, Bearish, Barrel-Chested, Rugged, Grip
Like a Vise, Vigorous, Solid, Potent, Imposing, Full of Snap

. Poor: You can lift yourself onto your horse, barely.
oe Average: You can lift somebody else onto your horse.
ree Good: You can lift somebody else onto your horse

while you're sitting on it.

Exceptional: You can lift a laden barrel onto your
horse (not advisable).

veeee Outstanding: You can lift a pony.

"exterity

This Trait rates how well you move — speed, spryness and
surety of step. It also tells how well you can move other things
around, the care and calculation you bring to handling all
sorts of stuff. Dexterity includes sleight-of-hand trickery,

ancy footwork, ducking, darting and dancing.

Specialties: Limber, Snaky, Lithesome, Agile, Supple,
featly, Quick-as-a-Wink, Like the Wind, Expeditious,
Greased Lightning

. Poor: Better let somebody else load your six-shooter
for you, partner.

oe Average: You get around okay.

Good: You're a hoop dancer without peer.

Exceptional: You can logroll with the best.

Outstanding: You can logroll your way through river

rapids.

Stamina

Stamina gauges your fitness and stolidity. It rates how
long and how far you'll push yourself, and how much distress
or discomfort you can endure. Stamina is the toughness of
your mind and your body. The strength of your will to live
is at its heart.

Specialties: Stubborn, Unbending, Relentless, Unbeat-
able, Sturdy, Flinty, Leathery, Bull-Headed, Iron-Plated, Built
Like a Brick Outpost
. Poor: You are spindly, even consumptive.
ee Average: You are in the pink.

Good: You are fiddle-fit and ever-ready.
Exceptional: You could cross a desert afoot.

© Outstanding: Nails could take pointers from you.

Social

These Traits describe your comeliness (or lack of it),
social graces (or lack of them) and your understanding of
why folks are the way they are. Social Traits determine
whether your dealings with people will lead you to windfalls
or pratfalls, whether you're likelier to wind up a general or
a foot soldier.

Charisma

Charisma reckons how well you attract others and com-
mand their attention. You use it to gain folks' trust and to
earn their tender feelings. This Trait is not about wiliness,
but about how genuinely winning a person you are. Cha-
risma is a matter of your comportment, of how much loyalty
you inspire in others, of how much people want to do what
you want them to do.

Specialties: Dashing, Debonair, Inspirational, Lordly, Cul-
tured, Down-to-Earth, Sweet-Natured, Amiable, Trustworthy,
Vivacious, Enchanting

. Poor: Folks say they'd take a rattler's company over
yours.

ee Average: You're liked, but not well-liked.

eee ~~ Good: You're everybody's huckleberry.

eeee Exceptional: Your friends call you their beacon in
the night.

eeeee Outstanding: You could bring together all the tribes

in the West.


Manipulation

This Trait comes in handy if you ever need to homswoggle a body.
Manipulation is laying down palaver, keeping a poker face or pulling
the wool over someone's eyes. ‘Course, it's not something
that wins you friends. Folks who know you know you walk
on your belly and speak with forked tongue. This art is best
practiced on greenhorns and total strangers.

Manipulation comes into play whenever you try to
cozen or cajole anybody. How charming they think you
are doesn't matter a whit (what you're trying to do can
become more or less tricky, though, depending).

If you bollix up a Manipulation attempt, and if your
target tumbles to your aims, she's likely to turn hot on you.
Folks get manipulated day in and day out, and usually don't
squawk about it. If they get their noses rubbed in it though, it
can be trouble. Manipulation can get things done, but if you
earn a reputation as an inveigler, your name is pretty much
mud. Characters with high Manipulation ratings are not
much trusted by the folks who know them best.

Specialties: Subtle, Guileful, Irrefutable, Foxy, Talkative,
Histrionic, Fine-Spoken, Blandiloquent, Soft Soap, Gift of Gab
. Poor: You couldn't lie on the ground.

oe Average: You are sometimes thought a fibber.
Good: You should be named "Walking Firewater."

Exceptional: You could sell snake oil.
e@eeee Outstanding: You could sell snake oil to snake oil
salesmen.

Appearance

Appearance is a measure of how handsome a buck or how pretty a filly you
may be. It also rates that quality even some homely folks have that just draws
people to them. Appearance tells what kind of figure you cut in the great, wide
world, and whether people find you magnetic or pathetic.

Appearance is key anytime you can't fall back on flattery. It
counts a lot more than most folks think. You might tell yourself
looks don't matter to you, but it's human nature to be put off by
gruesome features.

Be aware that the Old West's laws and attitudes about "misce-
genation" and "half-breeds" are very different. Persons obviously
of mixed racial heritage are usually trusted by no one and perse-
cuted by anyone who takes notice. Bigotry is rampant, so
consider any visible ethnicity a disadvantage,
unless a character is surrounded by
her own kind.


Appearance lets the Storyteller determine how people
respond to you on first sight. It can affect all your Social rolls
with respect to a particular person (sometimes your rating
limits the number of successes from a Social endeavor that
can actually take effect; this restriction can make it impos-
sible for an unsightly person to get much more than a foot in
the door, so to speak).

Specialties: Well-Made, Luscious, Spruce, Beauteous, Dap-
per, Fair, Sleek, Blessed, Spirited, Sniptious

. Poor: Folks usually throw things at you to get your
attention.
ee Average: You're a plain-looking jasper (or jane).

eee Good: You're nice to look at, and folks let you know it.
eoee

Exceptional: You need a big stick to fend off your
many admirers.

Outstanding: You are fresh-sprung from the brow of
some god.

Mental

These Traits indicate your character's braininess. In-
cluded here are what goes on between your ears and how
attentive you are to what comes in through your ears (and
eyes and nose, too).

Perception

This Trait tells how aware you are of the world around
you. Sometimes you do concentrate on what your senses
are telling you, say if you're hunting. More often, it hap-
pens that you just notice something. Perception is essential
on the frontier, where noticing the temperature of the air
can matter to your survival. Folks insensitive to the differ-
ent kinds of signs don't stay that way too long — chances
are, they end up bad hurt or plain dead.

Perception comes into play when you need to make
sense of some detail or to be aware of some change (or its
absence) in your surroundings. It reckons how alert you are
to being bushwhacked, to the mood around the card table
or to the news carried by the local flora and fauna.

Specialties: Eagle-Eyed, Perspicacious, Heedful, Cogni-
zant, Wary, Watchful, Circumspect, Vigilant, Cautious, A
Regular Bloodhound

. Poor: You've been known to miss your hand in front
of your face.

ee Average: You miss things that don't much matter to
your day-to-day.

ooo Good: You miss little, and can distinguish one horse

from another at great distances.
eeee Exceptional: You miss nothing, and are regarded
with some awe.
Outstanding: You can tell what's over yonder by

tasting the wind.

Intelligence

Intelligence is how well you can remember stuff, how easy you
soak up learning and what youcan do with the stuff youremember.
Ir'simportant when youuse Abilities thatdependon working with
your noggin. Some folks say Intelligence is having a steel-trap
mind or being able to make snap decisions, but there's more to it
— think of it as the difference betwixt man and beast.

Common sense, frontier savvy and wisdom don't fall under
Intelligence; a character has as much of this stuff as a player
brings to the table. Low Intelligence, though, earmarks a
character who cannot contemplate the meaning of life or
similar notions. A character of this sort never mastered book-
learning, and is a simple soul at heart.

Characters with high Intelligence are another kettle of fish.
These folks can use twenty-dollar words without embarrassing
themselves, and have a grasp of rhetoric, logic, history, phi-
losophy and all the rest. They have enjoyed the full benefits of
education. They know who's posing and who ain't. Intelli-
gence produces thoughtfully considered conclusions, not hastily
made choices (which derive from the Wits Attribute).

Specialties: Shrewd, Sagacious, Sapient, Whip-Smart, Sharp
as a Tack, Adept, Profound, Learned, Solon, Mental Wizard
. Poor: You have trouble telling right from left.
ee Average: You have the three R's down.
eee Good: Your mastery of the winter count is legendary.
e@eee Exceptional: You could teach Pasteur a thing or two.
Outstanding: You could teach all there is to know,
because you know it.

Wits

The Wits Attribute rates how fast you can adjust to new
things as they come your way. It's also a measure of how keen
and constructive a mind you have. Put simply, it tells how
speedy a thinker you are. Deeper minds think of Wits as your
handiness in applying Ockham's Razor to a predicament.

Characters possessing low Wits sometimes can't act on
account of being surprised. Low Wits can mark you as someone
easily duped. You tend to accept any old gobbledygook as
gospel. High Wits, on the other hand, lets you soak up stuff
lickety-split. Only rarely do you get caught with your trousers
down, and even then you manage to keep a level head.

Specialties: Acute, Sensible, Ingenious, Canny, Rational,
Pragmatic, Cool

. Poor: You're a favored client of snake-oil peddlers.

ee Average: You know when to bet and when to fold at
the card table.

eee Good: You know when to leave the card table to

avoid a shoot-out.

eeee Exceptional: You know when to start a shoot-
out at the card table.
e@eeee Outstanding: You invented card-counting.

128 Werewolf: The Wild West


Talents

Talents are those untrained Abilities a body takes to
naturally. Talents can't be come by from book learning,
mostly; the school of hard knocks is usually their only teacher.
‘Course, for a character that means experience comes during
play. If your character does something that calls for a Talent
he lacks, your roll doesn't change, but there's no penalty.
You'd roll a number of dice equal to the base Attribute in
question. Since Talents are such ingrained activities, it's
assumed a character has some facility for each one, however
tiny that facility may be.

Alermess

Frontier life has taught you the value of circumspection,
whatever may be going on around you. You are a good scout,
one who can keep keen straight through a night watch.
Alertness is the notice you give to the goings-on around you.
Ittells how resistant you are to distractions, weariness and the
like when paying attention is what matters.

. Novice: You notice changes more than the average
cowpoke.

ee Practiced: You keep an eye out and know your

territory.

Competent: You're like a hawk.

Expert: You're always ready for whatever life throws

at you.

e@eeee Master: You're an all-seeing eye.

Possessed by: Scouts, Trackers, Hunters, Pinkertons, Look-
outs, Lawmen

Specialties: Bushwhacking, Trailblazing, Counting Coup,
Prairies, Woods, Saloons, Prisons

Athletics

The West is no place for wallflowers. This Ability deals
with your basic physicality. It comes into play to judge
whether you can leap a gulch, fire a bow, swim through
rapids, bean somebody with a rock, scramble up a slope or
climb a tree.

Athletics includes those activities that call for some unity of
movement. Anything needing only one sort of motion, like
lifting, doesn't use the Athletics rating. Neither does athletic
stuff covered by another Ability.

° Novice: Wagonmaster
oe Practiced: Mule Skinner
Competent: Cow Puncher
¢ — Expert: Bull Whacker
eeeee Master: Bear Wrestler
Possessed by: Ranch Hands, Native Tribes, Sodbusters,
Teamsters, Miners, Railway Workers
Specialties: Swimming, Climbing, Archery, Herd-
& ing, Thrown Weapons, Farming, most professions

You've done this. This Ability covers stuff like punching,
kicking, grappling, throttling, throwing, gouging, clawing and
biting. Brawling can be low-down and dirty, but generally
won't kill anybody — unless you happen to be biting and
clawing with fangs and claws instead of fingers and teeth.
Werewolves with Brawl have learned particularly effective, if
feral, methods of fighting, and may choose certain special
maneuvers with which to maul their foes (see pgs. 242-244).
° Novice: You've used your fists, but not often.
ee Practiced: Youcan makea body know he's been inafight.
Competent: You can hold your own in a free-for-all.
Expert: You're plenty dangerous without asix-shooter.
Master: You can kill with your bare hands.

Possessed by: Ahroun, Freebooters, Guttertrash, Enfore-
ers, Soldiers, Tribal Warriors

Specialties: Fisticuffs, Wrestling, Scrapping, Sockdollager
Blows, Throws, Bear Hugs, Bullying

Dodge
Him that's hit least hits longest. Dodge is a vital Talent, which
isanotherway ofsayingit'll keep youaliveand kicking. Yourrating
here tells how well you can steer clear of both melee and missile
attacks. It includes diving for cover and ducking punches.
. Novice: Youdive forthe dirtifsomebody hollers, "Duck!"
oe Practiced: You can avoid flying barstools likea champ.
Competent: [t'sarare tomahawk that's tasted your blood.
Expert: A lucky blow might land once in a month of
Sundays.
e@eeee Master: You make sharpshooting hard work.
Possessed by: Bandits, Toughs, Soldiers, Pugilists, Braves
Specialties: Scuttle, Weave, Dart, Bob, Zigzag

Empathy

You have a ken for folks' feelings, and know what moves
them and why. You can often peep someone's cards, so to
speak, just by giving him a hearing. You also have a nose for
prevarication. Empathy's drawback is that, like as not, you get
yanked into whatever is the mood of the folks around you.
. Novice: Folks treat you like their father confessor.
oe Practiced: You can tell at a glance when somebody's

caught in a funk.

eeve

eee Competent: You often know what folks are feeling
before they do.
eeee Expert: You are inoculated against untruths.

¢¢ Master: You often finish other folk's sentences.
Possessed by: Ministers, Actors, Swamis, Snake Oil Ped-
dlers, Confidence Men

Specialties: Tender Feelings, Confidences, Camaraderie,
Brotherly/Sisterly Love, Truth-Telling

Chapter Six: Traits


SoS

KX

Expression

Expression is making yourself understood, whether through
correspondence or utterance. Characters with high Expression
touch your soul, but don't necessarily engage your mind;
intelligent or meaningful expression falls under other Traits.
Expression at its best can be art.

° Novice: Dime Novelist

** Practiced: Magazine Scribe

Competent: Dedicated Correspondent

eeee Expert: Naturalist Poet
eeeee Master: Chief Joseph
Possessed by: Chiefs, Orators, Politickers, Scribes, Minis-

ters, Caudillos

Specialties: Poetry, Gossip, Inspiration, Meetings

Intimidation

Intimidation can be anything froma hint toa hit. You know
when to drop one and when to throw the other to get what you
want. People with high Intimidation sort of ooze authority.
. Novi

Practiced: You win staredowns in regular fashion.

: Young ‘uns mind you.

Competent: Your gaze strikes fear into folks' souls.
Exper
Master: You can stop bea

You can stop riots with a look.

s in their tracks.
Possessed by: Captains of Industry, Bouncers, Army Offic-

190 Werewolf:

Specialties: Veiled Threats, Political, Military, Social, Out-
and-Out Brutality

Larceny

Larceny is the talent for living on the lawless side. Younake your
way by crooked means, and you're comfortable around folks who do
likewise. Youknow where outlawsare tobe found, youknow the lingo
once you get there, and you know who's safe to cross and who ain't.
° Novice: You can pick locks.
ee Practiced: You can pick pockets.

Competent: You can crack safes.

Expert: You're a criminal genius.

Master: You're the Geronimo of crime.
Possessed by: Bandits, Grifters, Corrupt Lawmen
Specialties: Forgery, Pickpocketing, Lockpicking, Swindle-games

Primal-Urge

Thistellshow close youare to your roots, in more beast ways than
human. Primal-Urge is a rating of how well you get along as a wolf
andasa half-wolf. Garou with Primal-Urge skills tap the bestial part
of their being. Primal-Urge is raw instinct, not rational thought.
With practice, the Primal-Urge Talent allowsashapechanger more
control over the assorted werewolf forms. Primal-Urge often gets
added to Perception rolls when you take on wolf or Crinos form;
plus, it's used for tracking, overland navigation, and root-
ing out hazards whose signs most two-legs forgot ages ago
(like the scent ofa predator or the unique feel of thin ice). ®

The Wild West


° Novice: Wolf pup

ee Practiced: If you strain for it, you can tell which
way is north.

Competent: A wolf of the woods.

eeee Expert: You can read the landscape like folks read
the newspaper.
e@eeee Master: Pack leaders.

Possessed by: Predators, Garou Warriors, Lupus, Banes,
Sundry Wild Critters

Specialties: Shape-Changing, Homing, Hunting, Track-
ing, Combat

Subterfuge

You can stay poker-faced indefinitely; what's more, you can
see through other folks' poker faces to your own advantage.
Dirty little secrets fascinate you, and you can sniff out weak-
ness. Mastery of this skill makes you the perfect interlocutor, or
the perfect spy.

. Novice: A few fibs won't kill you.
oo Practiced: You can speak with forked tongue.
eee

Competent: You could be an attorney.
Expert: You're the envy of snake oil peddlers everywhere.
Master: Daniel Webster in the flesh.

Possessed by: Pettifoggers, Confidence Men, Casanovas,
Political Bosses, Shadow Lords

Specialties: Finding Weaknesses, Seduction, Blandishment,
Dealing off the Bottom of the Deck

Other Talents

Guile, Instruction, Intrigue, Mimicry, Search, Swimming

Skills

Skills are those Abilities that you usually learn from some
old hand, or through the liberal application of your own elbow
grease. Anytime you take a hack at some feat needing a Skill
you have no rating in, your difficulty increases by one. You are
simply unschooled in the methods behind that Skill, so you
have a harder time accomplishing the task than does a body
who has at least some notion of what he's up to.

Animal Ken

Animals and humans don't behave in the same ways, even
when facing the same situation. Being able to understand
animal behavior can prove right handy, as a consequence.
Characters skilled in Animal Ken can read critters' brutish
thoughts. Additionally, they can rile or soothe their savage
breasts. Animal Ken is also the Skill needed to train animals.

° Novice: You can pet a stray dog and not get bit.
oe Practiced: You can bring dogs to heel.
eee Competent: You can make mongrels into
hunting dogs.

Expert: You can teach critters tricks.

Chapter Six: Traits

e@eeee Master: You could make a pet of a wildcat.

Possessed by: Teamsters, Trappers, Shepherds, Nature
Lovers

Specialties: Horses, Dogs, Cats, Farm Animals, Varmints, Bears
Crafts

You're great at tinkering with things of all sorts, from wagon.
wheels to log-cabin walls. Mastery of this Skill means that
you're a jack-of-all-trades. This Skill covers everything from
simple carpentry to mechanics. You always need the right tool
to get a job done, but given a knife and a dead buffalo, the
prairie is your oyster.

° Novice: You can tan a hide.
ee Practiced: You can build a wagon.
eee Competent: You can build a good house.

Expert: You can build a locomotive.
eeeee Master: Tom Edison's lost twin.

Possessed by: Tinkers, Carpenters, Engineers, Mechanics,
Smiths, Tanners

Specialties: Wood, Metal, Forges, Mills, Leatherworking

Etiquette

You grasp the little details of social life, and can comport
yourself with gentility. You know the rules for easing your way
in human society. Your specialty is the culture you know best.
Etiquette comes into play during activities like dancing, dick-
ering and seduction. Etiquette is also used in diplomacy.

. Novice: You know not to break wind at a fancy
dinner.

ee Practiced: You know when to bridle your tongue.

eee

Competent: You always know which innards to offer
to which elder.

Expert: You can move in any circles.

@eeee Master: You could be ambassador to England.
Possessed by: Diplomats, Bankers, Charm School Principals
Specialties: Finance, High Society, Outlaw Circles, Native Tribes

Firearms

Skill in Firearms means you have broad knowledge of all
guns, from six-shooters to Gatling guns. Firearms Skill does not
include the know-how to operate artillery weapons. However,
skill in Firearms does include the ability to fix them.

. Novice: Your Pa let you squeeze off a few rounds with
his Colt.

oe Practiced: You can kill your dinner.

eee Competent: You can plug nickels in mid-air.

eeee Expert: You can knock wings off flies.

e@eeee Master: "Wyatt Earp? Doc Holliday? Pikers."
Possessed by: Lawmen, Outlaws, Freebooters, Soldiers, Hunters
Specialties: Rifles, Six-Shooters, Gatling Guns, Shotguns,
Derringers, Fanning, Trick Shots


Leadership

Folks do as you say because of your authoritative ways
and confident demeanor. Leadership is more being a per-
son who attracts followers than it is trying to conscript
folks to follow you. Leadership often comes into play
yoked with Charisma.

. Novice: You could round up a posse.

Practiced: You can quiet your pack with a twitch of
the tail.

Competent: Folks look to you when the going gets tough.
Expert: You could start your own religion.

e@eeee Master: You could found your own country.

Possessed by: Political Bosses, Army Officers, Riverboat
Captains, Sheriffs, Tribal Chiefs

Specialties: Commands, Oratory, Admirable, Honorable,
Noble, Disciplined

Being able to scrap with weapons is essential on the
frontier. Polish in this Skill lets you use hand-held weap-
ons. Melee covers knives, clubs, lances and swords, to
name a few items. Indians tend to outstrip all others in
this area.

° Novice: You'can draw blood besides your own:
Practiced: You've trod the warpath.

Competent: You can deal most folks a drubbing.
Expert: Any weapon is deadly in your grasp.

Master: You've been the last one standing on many
a battlefield.

Possessed by: Braves, Lance Bearers, Freebooters, Bandits,
Soldiers

Specialties: Swords, Tomahawks, Knives, War Clubs, Bro-
ken Bottles, Klaives

Performance

Your repertoire includes a range of crowd-pleasers like
singing, banjo plucking and acting. You know the ins and
outs of what to do on stage. Your specialty is the type of
performance on which you concentrate, more than likely
the first type of artistic expression you ever pursued.

° Novice: You can do your piece without attracting
tomatoes.
ee Practiced: You could makea career in the music hall.

Competent: John Wilkes Booth envies you.
Expert: Harpers Weekly put you on its cover.

Master: Just a few lines from the Bard, and you can
leave those uneducated roughnecks in tears.
Possessed by: Actors, Musicians, Clowns, Storytellers,
Galliards
Specialties: Melodrama, Banjo Plucking, Howls, Yodel-
ling, Tales

SSS

XX

Ride

You can ride a horse, and may be able to handle some
wagons and buggies, too. Having a Ride rating doesn't make
you expert on all animals, or with all conveyances. Your
difficulty may be raised or lowered depending on the extent of
your experience with one breed or one kind of contraption.
. Novice: You can saddle up.

Practiced: Wagontrain master.
. Competent: If it has hooves, you can ride it.
Expert: A draw in the Wild West Show.
e@eeee Master: Pony Express Rider

Possessed by: Cowboys, Trailbusters, Show Riders

Specialties: Bronco Busting, Racing, Long-Distance Riding

Stealth
Stealth is how well you skulk around or conceal yourself without
raisingan alarm. It'soften rolled against another character's Perception.
° Novice: You can hide in the woods.
oe Practiced: You can hide on the prairie.
Competent: You can count coup on a grizzly.
e — Expert: You can shadow a deer for miles.
eeeee Master: You could hoodwink the Grim Reaper.
Possessed by: Horse Raiders, Rustlers, Scouts, Hunters
Specialties: Prowling, Hiding, Lurking, Back Alleys, Crowds,
Rough Terrain, Barefoot

Survival

The wilderness can be a great school or an open grave for
greenhorns. The Skill of Survival includes seeking shelter,
finding your way in the wilderness, and tracking. When you use
Stealth in the wilderness, you can't roll more dice for your
Stealth Dice Pool than you have in Survival.

. Novice: You know your way from town to town.
oe Practiced: You know the lay of the land.
Competent: You could live off roots and berries.
© Expert: You could dwell in the wilderness.
e@eeee Master: You could prosper in the desert.
Possessed by: Indians, Hunters, Scouts, Trailblazers, Anchorites
Specialties: Tracking, Hunting, Prairie, Desert

Other Skills

Archery, Boating, Cooking, Disguise, Meditation, Tracking

Knowledges

Knowledges are those Abilities that make you don your
thinking cap. Mental Traits can therefore be used to boost
Knowledge rolls. Many of these Abilities call for a mentor, but
autodidacts are out there, too.

Without a Knowledge, you cannot even attempt a roll

involving it. Exceptions are when the Storyteller

decides that the roll relates to trivial information
that anybody might've picked up.

Werewolf: The Wild West


<a

7oFa

k

You're versed in the tribal and ethnic waysand waywardnesses
a frontier traveler may encounter. Culture includes how par-
ticular groups fit in the weave of society. You know the history
of peoples in the West, especially how one group gets along (or
not) with another. Culture's what a seasoned soul falls back on,
both when she finds herself among kinds of folks she's met

before, and when she meets some new bunch.

° Tenderfoot: You know some stuff from around the
campfire.

oo Practitioner: You know the do's and don'ts of folks
like you.

ooo

Professional: You know a little about most folks you

cross trails with.

Authority: You know loads about any bunch that's

put down roots in the West.

eeeee Expert: You're a walking treasure-trove of folklore.
Possessed by: Trailblazers, Folklorists, Autodidacts, Spies
Specialties: Religion, History, Taboo, Tribes, Particular

Groups (Garou, Indians, Ethnic Persuasions, etc.)

Enigmas

You favor brain teasers and riddles. Your love of mental
exercise makes you a natural at resolving all sorts of conun-
drums, from knots to secret plots. The Enigmas Knowledge
helps players unknot the tangles presented by the Storyteller.
It is invaluable for uncovering routes to lost Realms, solving
puzzles posed by sphinxes and the like, or to divine the
elaborate land schemes of railway barons.

. Tenderfoot: You know a password when you hear one.

oe Practitioner: You've played "Who's that howling?"
with your septmates.

eee Professional: You've played at riddles with a
spirit or two.

eoce

Authority: You can read enemy smoke signals.

eeceece Expert: Secret societies can't keep secrets from you.
Possessed by: Scouts, Spies, Zen Enthusiasts, Mystics
Specialties: Codes, Riddles, Mazes, Visual, Verbal

Investigation

You are a fastidious observer. High levels of this Knowl-
edge make you a likely candidate for the Pinkerton Agency.
This Knowledge allows you to find clues, cook up hunches
and tail outlaws.

° Tenderfoot: Deputy

Practitioner: Sheriff

Professional: Pinkerton Man

Authority: Government Operative

eoece Expert: Dime Novel Inspiration
Possessed by: Lawmen, "Pinkies," Reporters

€ Specialties: Search, Prowl, Tail, Clues

Chapter Six: Traits

The law may be a ass, but that ass has teeth. Folks with
knowledge of the law get bit less, and some doa little chomping
of their own. Fora boost out of the clink, this Ability is a must.
. Tenderfoot: Lawman, Layman

Practitioner: Justice of the Peace
Professional: Attorney-at-Law

Authority: Judge
e Expert: Supreme Court Justice
Possessed by: Lawyers, Judges, Lawmen, Outlaws, Legislators
Specialties: Courts, Contracts, Deeds, Criminal Proceedings

Linguistics

You're presumed to be versed in your natural language. Any
languages beyond it that your character is fluent in must be
bought. Werewolf characters know their native human tongue,
the Garou language and "wolf words" without having to buy
any Linguistics. Linguistics does make for greater fluency in
these languages, though. Each level of Linguistics lets your
character speak another language like a native. Linguistics also
permits you to identify folks by their accents.

Lupus characters, it should be noted, cannot communicate
in human tongues without at least one dot in Linguistics (these
are bought with freebie points). Lupus are presumed to be
illiterate, while homid and metis Garou may or may not be
literate. The player can choose whatever suits his character's
concept best; plenty of folks weren't literate in the Old West,
but a surprising number were.

. Tenderfoot: One additional language

Practitioner: Two additional languages
Professional: Three additional languages
Authority: Four additional languages
Expert: Five additional languages

Possessed by: Translators, Professors, Diplomats, Ambas-
sadors, Vagabonds

Specialties: Cussing, Engineering, Diplomacy, Politics

Medicine

Medicine is the study of folks' innards and ailments. While a
werewolf is built different from a human, the knowledge of
medicine carries over for treating werewolves' most serious (you
know, aggravated) wounds. The Medicine Knowledge includes
an understanding of the aggregation and workings of the body,
the use of medicine, and the diagnosis and treatment of disease.
° Tenderfoot: You can soothe common aches.

ee Practitioner: You can remove limbs ably.

eee Professional: You can set fractures.

eeee Authority: You are a doctor who can recognize and
treat symptoms.

eeeee Expert: Doctors visit you after nightfall for your

herbal cures.


SSSTSN

XX

Possessed by: Doctors, Healers, Medics, Surgeons, Medi-
cine Folk, Grandmothers

Specialties: Apothecaries, Sanatoriums, General Practices,
Disease, Curative Herbs

Occult

You are versed in all areas of the occult. Your understanding of
the unseen world includes knowledge of curses, hoodoo, magic
and mysticism. This Knowledge is of the utmost interest to many
Theurges. Although not everything you know is out-and-out fact,
you know enough interesting tales to be able to sift outa few gems.

° Tenderfoot: You've dabbled, but aren't in the know.

ee Practitioner: You know the difference betwixt a star
and a pentagram.

eee Professional: You know there's things just as eerie as
werewolves out there, and can hold forth about them.

cove

Authority: You can recite working spells.
¢ Expert: The supernatural seems natural to you.
Possessed by: Oddballs, Kabbalists, Epopts, Occultists,
Medicine Folk, Seers

Specialties: Vampires, Witches, Mystical Powers

Politics
This Knowledge acquaintsa body with the power structures of the
era. It includes familiarity with the folks running the show and their
political machines. It covers both human and Garou politics. It's
much-needed stuff if you ever have to deal with the powers that be.
. Tenderfoot: Saloon Pundit
Practitioner: Canvasser
Professional: Vote Buyer
Authority: Political Boss
Expert: Thomas Nast would've found you an up-
standing citizen.
Possessed by: Politickers, Attorneys, Suffragists, Abolitionists
Specialties: Legislatures, Campaigns, Oratory, Territories,
States Rights

Rituals

Rituals are a werewolf' grasp of the traditions, history,
myths and liturgies of the Garou. This Knowledge confers
understanding of how werewolves in other tribes differ from
your own, how to read Garou glyphs and proper honorifics for
addressing your elders. You need the same number of dots (or
more) as the level of any rite you're privy to.

© Tenderfoot: You are still wet behind the ears.

ee Practitioner: Youcan attend a moot without seeming
a dunce.

eee Professional: You can attend another tribe's moot

without shaming yourself.

Authority: You can attend a Black Spiral Dancers
moot and pass muster.

eeeee Expert: You're as clued in as a shapechanger gets.

Possessed by: Garou
Specialties: Accord, Caern, Death, Frontier, Mystic, Pun-
ishment, Pure Ones, Renown, Seasonal

Science

You have at least a basic understanding of chemistry,
botany, zoology, geology, astronomy and other sciences. Your
Knowledge lends practical understanding of the physical
world. Higher levels almost always point to a specialized field
of endeavor.
° Tenderfoot: You can make your own black powder.
Practitioner: You've built a working medicine wheel.
Professional: Youcouldhavean elementnamedafter you.
Authority: Some critters bear your name in Latin.
Expert: You know how much more there is to know.

Possessed by: Engineers, Inventors, Chemists

Specialties: Taxonomy, Biology, Astronomy, Geology,
Metallurgy, Chemistry

Other Knowledges

Bureaucracy, Finance, Art, Philosophy, Theater, Journal-
ism, Military Science, Genealogy, Geography, History,
Theology, specific area of knowledge/trivia

Backgrounds

These Traits describe your character's unique particulars.
You must decide why and how you came by this set of Traits.
How did you get ahold of your fetish? Who was your mentor?
Once you make sense of your Backgrounds, fold them into your
character mix.

A Background sometimes can be conjoined with an At-
tribute, like rolling Wits + Resources to get one more advance
against your inheritance from Pa, or Charisma + Allies to
spread your message across a town.

Backgrounds can't be increased with experience points.
They can be raised only through what occurs in the course of
the story. Excepted from this restriction is the Totem Back-
ground (see Totem, below).

Allies

Your Allies are folks who aid and abet you — they could
be your kin, your chums or even some fraternal group you're
partial to. Allies have lives of their own, so don't think you
can treat them like property. You can on occasion, though,
fall back on their good graces, hospitality or what have you.
They can also be routes to Contacts or Resources. Allies are
basically friends who give you an assist now and then out of
mutual tenderness or because y'all have some area of accord.

Counteach point of Allies you take as one Ally. This person
has influence in her town or territory. An Ally might
bea sheriff, an aide-de-camp to the mayor or even (if
your rating is a 4 or 5) the mayor himself.

Werewolf: The Wild West


LIER EL.

Allies typically are the salt of the earth. Alliancesdon'tspring
up overnight, though, and friends sometimes ask favors of their
own. Chances are they likely don't know you're a werewolf, but
they may be privy to some of your powers and so might ask that
you use them. This can be the start of a story all by itself.

. One Ally, having modest influence and power.
ee Two Allies, both of them having modest power.
eee Three Allies, one of them being quite influential.

Four Allies, one of them being very influential.
eeeee Five Allies, one of them being extremely influential.

Contacts

You know folks of all sorts; together, they constitute a web
connecting you to high society and low, and everything in betwixt.

Contacts include not only folks you can manipulate or bribe
for information, but also trustworthy friends who volunteer
nuggets to you (in their areas of expertise). You should flesh out
these Major Contacts as complete characters, either in the
course of the chronicle or before it begins. You also have a
handful of Minor Contacts spread throughout the vicinity.
When you want to reach a Minor Contact, make a roll using
your Contacts rating (difficulty 7). Each success means you
have tracked down one of your
Minor Contacts. Of course,
bribery or sweet-talk
on your part will be
tequired to get any
information
you're after.

° One Major Contact
Two Major Contacts
Three Major Contacts
Four Major Contacts

Five Major Contacts

Fetish

You possess a spirit fetish, a physical object inhabited by
a bound spirit. It is a highly valued object of legendary
import to the Garou, and it has a number of powers be-
stowed by the invested spirit. The greater your score in this
Background, the more potent the fetish. See the Appendix
for a list of sample fetishes.

. You possess one Level 1 fetish;
ee You possess one Level 2 fetish or two Level | fetishes.
eee You possess one or more fetishes with a total of three

levels.

You possess one or more fetishes with a total of four

levels.

You possess one or more fetishes with a total of five
levels.


Kinfolk

You are in contact with certain humans or wolves who,
though descended from the Garou, are not full-blooded
werewolves. They are, in fact, earthly creatures. They do
withstand Delirium, though, and know your roots; they'll help
you any way they can, though most are not high muckety-
mucks by any reckoning (influential folks are classed as Allies).
Bunches of Kinfolk can be a prime asset for Garou wanting to
deal with the human world.

Itshould be stressed that youcan pick your friends, butyoucan't
pick your family. Most of your Kinfolk will probably feel some
measure of filial affection toward you, but relatives have been
known to grow jealous of Garou power now and again. Whether
human or wolf, your kin are people, and should be treated as such.
Kinfolk are the lifeblood of the werewolf race, and often your only
chance atanything resembling romantic love ora partially normal
life. Get to know them — it's usually worth the effort.

° Two Kinfolk
Five Kinfolk
10 Kinfolk
20 Kinfolk
50 Kinfolk

Mentor

This Background indicates one or more elders who take an
interest in you. Each rating point in Mentor you possess tells
how powerful your Mentor is within the tribe, and what Rank
he orshe has risen to. Your Mentor can advise you, protect you,
speak for you with other elders, teach you, steer you away from
tribal transgressions, and clue you in to means of advancing
your own Rank. A powerful Mentor might be a group instead
of a lone wolf (so to speak). A pack, by that reckoning, could
be a collective Mentor, as could a sept's ruling council.

Mentors may expect some boon in compensation for the aid
they lend. It may be they just like the sight of your smiling face,
but in a pinch they may call on their "apprentice." This can
lead to some rousing good stories. Mostly, though, you are the
beneficiary in such relationships.

° Mentor is Rank 2
oe Mentor is Rank 3
eee Mentor is Rank 4

Mentor is Rank 5
eeeee Mentor is Rank 6 (or even higher!)

Past Life

Ancestral memory, for the Garou, is like a live thing. Many
werewolves can actually recall moments from the lives of their
distant forebears. Some can even invite the spirits of their ances-
tors to take over their bodies. When a werewolf is possessed in this
manner, she can sometimes do stuff way beyond her abilities.

A werewolf with this Background may, once per game session,
roll his Past Life Background (difficulty 8; or difficulty 10 ifhe tries

to contact the spirit of a particular ancestor). Each success allows
the character to add one die to the Dice Pool of any Ability, or to
create a Dice Pool (of one die per success) for an Ability that the
character does not even possess. Say a Garou with a Past Life of 4
is in a desperate battle; he's no Geronimo himself (Dex 2, Brawl
1), but he rolls his Past Life rating (difficulty 8) and scores three
successes. Look out! He's just summoned Scares-the-Wind, his
warrior ancestor, who guides him in battle, and so adds three to his
Brawl score. Even if the character had no Brawling Talent
whatsoever, he would now have an effective score of 3.

As noted, it's more difficult to contact specific ancestors, but
success may bring on presentiments or advice at the Storyteller's
whim. All effects of the Past Life bonus last for one scene only.

A botch on the Past Life roll may mean that the character
becomes overwhelmed by the memories of thousands of lives
(effectively making the character a vegetable for the rest of the
scene). Worse still, the character may be possessed by the spirit
ofanancestor who likes his new home and won'tgive itup. The
ancestor will stick around for as long as the Storyteller says so.
. You get bits and pieces from the distant past.

ee A few faces and places stand out in your mind.

eee You know some of your distant ancestors by name.

e@eee You chew the fat with your ancestors like they're
standing next to you.

e@eeee You've earned a name among the Ancestor-spirits;

they often come to you.

Pure Breed

This Background indicates your "pedigree" — your lineage and
ancestry, your markings and carriage, and other features of birth.
If you have a high Pure Breed score, other Garou see you as an
incarnation of werewolf heroes of yore, and they expect you to
behave accordingly. The higher your score, the greater your
latitude in traversing the territory of other Garou unmolested or
in gaining hospitality from a foreign tribe. It is the closest thing to
status in Garou society — each point of Pure Breed adds an extra
die to Social or challenge rolls involving other Garou (even Black
Spiral Dancers!). Pure Breed is an almost mystical trait; eons of
instinct tell other Garou who is Pure Bred and who isn't.

The migration of Europeans across the New World is
diluting bloodlines, though, and the White Man's entry into
Indian Lands is wiping out many native Pure Bred. Tribes
expect more from those few who are pure of blood, and they
frown upon those who don't accept this heritage.

° You carry yourself well.
oe Your distant cousin in the distant past was the
sidekick of a great Garou warrior.

eee Other Garou part to allow you passage.

eeee = The bards of your sept blessed your birth as a sign
from the spirits.

e@eeee You area legendary hero of the past in the

flesh again.

Werewolf: The Wild West


Resources

This Trait describes your monetary worth or your ability to
tap such resources. Your Resources are not totally liquid assets,
but you can often sell them to gain money. It may take weeks or
even months to do so, depending on how much needs to be sold.

This Trait presumes that the character gets a monthly
stipend appropriate to his level of Resources. The source of this
income must be stated, though, as the well could easily run dry
depending on a given chronicle's events.

° Small savings: You rent a room and may owna horse.
If liquidated, you would have $100 in cash. Allow-
ance of $10 a month.

ee Middle class: You own a lean-to or sod house. If
liquidated, you would have $500 in cash. Allowance
of $20 a month.

ooo Large savings: You own a cabin. If liquidated, you

would have $4,000 in cash. Allowance of $80 a month.

Well off: You own a ranch or perhaps a country

manor in fair repair. If liquidated, you would have

$50,000 in cash. Allowance of $500 a month.

eeeee Fantastically rich: You're a millionaire in a time
when a million dollars is all but unimaginable. If
liquidated, you would have at least $1,000,000 in
cash. Allowance of $5,000 a month.

Rites

This Trait tells how many rites the character is privy to at
the beginning of the game. This rating may represent one big
rite ora number of lesser ones whose total levels equal the Rites
rating; remember, though, that a character's Rituals Knowl-
edge rating must at least equal the level of a given rite before
the character can learn it at all. A list of rites is given later in
this chapter. Note: Two Minor Rites can be purchased in place
of one Level One rite; see Minor Rites, pg. 177.

° Character knows one level of rites
ee Character knows two levels of rites
eee Character knows three levels of rites

Character knows four levels of rites
eeeee Character knows five levels of rites

Totem
This Trait does not apply directly to the character, but to
the pack's totem. The Background points invested in this Trait
by all the characters in the pack are pooled to determine the
power of the totem. Pack totems are avatars of the totem they
represent. They cannot be destroyed or bound into fetishes
unless a pack is disbanded. If a totem is reduced to zero Power,
it will Reform elsewhere; during this period, the totem may not
be reached by pack members.
Each totem has a Background Cost rating; the pack must
spend that amount to ally with that totem. Some totems
€ are willing to lend great powers to their devotees; these

Chapter Six: Traits

totems are more costly than others. See Pack Totems, pg. 284, for
a list of possible totems. The base totem spirit has seven points to
divide betwixt Rage, Willpower and Gnosis, and a base Power of
20. The totem also has the Charms of Airt Sense and Reform.
Unless a special relationship is purchased (see below), the totem
isa bit snooty toward the pack and is of minor influence within the
community of spirits. Some pack totems, however, have become
the totems of whole septs or even tribes; such stories abound
among the Galliards.

Totems lend special potencies to pack members, such as Gifts
or Abilities. However, these powers may be used by only one pack
member at a time (per turn). Each turn, the pack member
"borrowing" the powers must declare upon whom he endows them
next tum (or ifhe'll keep them). The exception is Renown, which
is awarded to all pack members when they ally with the totem.

Any extra points spent (after the totem's Background Cost has
been spent) can be added to the totem's powers as listed below:
Cost Power

1 Per three points to spend on Willpower, Rage and/or
Gnosis
1 Per 10 points of Power
1 Totem can speak to the pack (the pack does not
require the Spirit Speech Gift)
Totem can always find the pack members
Totem is nearly always with the pack members
Totem is respected by other spirits
Per Charm possessed
Per extra pack member who can use the totem's
powers in the same turn
4 Totem is mystically connected to all pack members,
allowing communication among them even at great
distances (Storyteller's discretion)
5 Totem is feared by servants of the Wyrm

The Totem Trait is the only Background that can be
increased through experience (see Spending Experience, pg.
214); the cost is per the chart above. However, the Storyteller
should only allow this in special situations, and only if the pack
in some way achieves a revelation about their totem, or some
new link to it during play. Such a special situation could be
whena pack member gains a new Rank or when anew member
joins the pack.

Gifts

Creatures as much spirit as flesh, werewolves have learned
many secrets from long years of walking the Umbra and com-
muning with its denizens. Most of all, the Garou have learned a
variety of supernatural "tricks," shortcuts for doing things in a
more magical way that they call Gifts. Gifts are the way in which
werewolves can affect the world through Gnosis, using their
spirit heritage to work magic. Gifts are divided by breed, auspice
and tribe — each group of Garou has its own particular secrets.

wrnnne


SSN

ZLLL;

ox

Gifts are divided into levels, with Level One being the weakest Gifts, those
taught to the raw cubs, and Level Five Gifts being the greatest secrets, only taught
to those heroes who have proved themselves time and again. A beginning character

may choose one Level One Gift from each of her breed, auspice and tribe Gift lists
— three Gifts in all. There are far more Gifts in existence than those depicted here,
and traditions of teaching vary from time to time and place to place. The following
Gifts are simply those which are most commonly passed on in the Savage West.
Although Gifts are purchased with experience, no werewolf can buy a Gift of
a level higher than her Rank. Garou may learn the Gifts of other breeds, auspices
and tribes during play, provided they can find a spirit to teach them, but these have
a higher cost (see the Experience Chart, pg. 214).

Learning Gifts
Gifts are normally taught only by spirits. A werewolf must either petition a particular
spirit to teach him its powers (usually by offering chiminage) orask an elder tosummon
that spirit and petition for him. Only spirits allied to Garou will teach Gifts, and they
will not teach them to werewolves who have not attained the proper Rank.

Werewolves may learn Gifts outside their breed, auspice or tribe, but
these cost extra experience points due to the lack of that primal insight
into what it is to be, say, Ragabash. Besides, finding a spirit or elder
willing to teach these secrets to an "outsider" is a real challenge.
In order to find a spirit teacher, a Garou must either travel toa
caern equal in power to the Gift's level (a Level Three caern for
Level Three Gifts) to seek the spirit personally, or ask a Theurge
tosummon the particular spirit sought (such as a Night-spirit for
the Uktena Gift: Cloud of Night). If neither option is viable,
the Garou must quest through the Umbra in search of the
desired spirit and then convince it to teach him. Spirits will
often be wary of requests not put to them through the proper
channels; they must often be appeased with chiminage of
an appropriate fashion (cleaning a stream for a Water-
spirit, an offering of prey to a Hawk-spirit and so on).
Each Gift lists either the type of spirit that first taught
the Gift to the Garou, or a more accessible teacher in the
Savage West (Tiger-spirits may be adept at teaching Gifts
of ferocity, but they're rather rare in the Storm Umbra).
Some of these spirits are detailed in the Appendix. The
spirits listed with each Giftare not necessarily the only ones
capable of teaching the Gift; the Storyteller may decide
whether or not to allow another spirit to teach the Gift. The
Storyteller is free to create any spirits not detailed. Spirits
encountered while learning a Gift are meant to be roleplaying
opportunities, allowing a character to interact with another
being and learn its ways. Almost anyone can figure out how
to roleplay a Fire-spirit without the need of Traits.

Sometimes a Garou may teach another Garou a
Gift he knows. Unlike spirit teaching,
which only takes a short time
(about an hour for the

spirit to impart

its wisdom),


this can take quite a while, during which the Garou tries to show the other how to
perform the trick. The training takes a month, at the end of which time the student
can spend experience points and acquire the Gift. However, acquisition in this
manner costs one more experience point than normal.

There are other drawbacks to Garou-taught Gifts; for example, the Gift has
to be practiced by the student before he can master it (this is not the case when
spirits teach). Thus, it can be quite painful to learn a Gift such as Silver
Claws. Certain Gifts, such as Call of the Wyrm, are forbidden to be taught
except by spirits — no sept can afford to have wayward Wyrm creatures ®
coming around just so a student can practice. ‘\

Systems

Gifts are highly variable in effect, depending largely on the whims of the spirits
who grant them. If no set difficulty exists for a given use of the Gift, the Storyteller
may assume difficulty 6, or pick anything more appropriate. The Storyteller is also
encouraged to make botches interesting, embarrassing and unique.

There are rumors of Gifts beyond Level Five, but such Gifts, if they indeed exist, are
known only to the wisest elders.

Breed Gifts

Breed Gifts are usually taught by spirits who owe the breed a favor in accordance with
an ancient pact or deed. For instance, an ancient tale tells of a metis who helped a mole
hide from predators. In return, the mole taught the metis how to burrow through the earth,
and since that time, Mole-spirits will teach metis this Gift.

Homid

Humans have always been at odds with nature, in some way or another. What's , "
more, as consummate tool-users, humans have always aimed to shape their surround-
ings to their own liking. As a result, homids are often much more distant from the
primordial side of nature, and their Gifts usually reflect their natural inclinations
toward controlling things and people. This spiritual dearth also means that all too
often, the spirit most willing to instruct a homid is one of his own Ancestor-
spirits; Nature-spirits just aren't as friendly to the human-born. ee

‘@ Jam Gun (Level One) — The Garou can cause any type of gun to jam or a
misfire with the use of this Gift. This Gift is taught by certain Wyld-spirits by
way of revenging themselves on the invading Weaver forces.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis and
rolls Manipulation + Crafts (difficulty 5). The,
gun becomes unusable for one turn per success.

‘@ Persuasion (Level One) — This Gift allows a
homid to become more persuasive and credible when
dealing with others; others simply start seeing things "his
way." This Gift is taught by an Ancestor-spirit. oe

System: The Garou rolls Charisma_— 4
+ Subterfuge (difficulty 6). Ifsuccessful, 5
the difficulties of all Social rolls are re-
duced by one for the remainder of the scene.

‘ Commanding Voice (Level Two) — The Garou's
presence and tone of speech are so powerful that when he
tells people what to do, they listen and take action.

The Garou must speak loud enough to be
heard by the targets. This Gift is taught by

& an Ancestor-spirit.


XX

System: The werewolf rolls Manipulation + Intimidation
against the target's Willpower. For every success scored, the
Garou may give a target one command that he must follow.
Extra successes allow the werewolf to affect more targets or
issue multiple commands, whichever she prefers. These com-
mands must be simple, and the target will never do anything
that would cause harm to himself or others.

‘¥ Staredown (Level Two) — When in a Mexican stand-
off, the first person to look away or flinch is usually the first to
die. Using this Gift not only allows the Garou to cause the
target to flinch, but usually causes the target to drop his gun and
run away in terror. All the werewolf has to do is look into the
eyes of his target. The Gift can be used against Garou, but a
Garou will freeze in place rather than flee. This Gift is taught
by a Ram-spirit or a Snake-spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Charisma + Intimidation (diffi-
culty 6). The victim flees for one turn per success. Should the
Garou score five or more successes, the victim flees for the
duration of the scene. Garou targets will not flee, but they
cannot attack while this Gift is in ee un cked |

‘w Disquiet (Level Three) — a
with inexplicable depression te ennui. wi. The subject will find
it hard to use his anger (Rage) or concentrate effectively on
tasks. This Gift is taught by an Ancestor-spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Manipulation + Empathy against
a difficulty equal to the opponent's Willpower. If successful,
that opponent will not be able to recover Rage for the duration
of the scene; furthermore, all difficulties for extended out-of-
combat actions are increased by one.

‘w Reshape Object (Level Three).
ingof the Weaver, the Garoucan reshape cnorlivng material (but
not undead) into a variety of objects. Thus tree branches become
bows and arrows, animal hides become armor, and fallen trees
become shelters. The item will in some way resemble the object
from which itwascreated (thearmor isa buffalohide chestplate, not
metal). This Gift is taught by a Weaver-spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Manipulation + Crafts against a
variable difficulty (5 to turn a broken tree limb into a spear, 8
to turn a plank into a floatable raft). The created object is not
necessarily permanent; it will last a length of time according to
the chart below. Expending a Gnosis point allows a created
weapon to inflict aggravated damage (this effect is not perma-
nent unless a permanent Gnosis point is spent).

Successes Duration
One 5 minutes
Two 10 minutes
Three One Scene
Four One Story
Five Permanent

‘w Weave of Steel (Level Four) — The homid can mysti-
cally reinforce any manmade structure or material, ing
planks the strength of steel and steel the toughness of diamond.
This Gift is taught by a Weaver-spirit.

140

System: The werewolf must concentrate for a turn to
reweave the object's strength. The player spends one Gnosis
and rolls Strength + Crafts, difficulty 7. The effects are largely
up to the Storyteller to adjudicate; one success will make a shirt
alot more durable, while five successes will reinforce a rickety,
half-rotted trestle enough to support an ore-laden train. Gen-
erally speaking, objects gain the equivalent of one Health
Level per success, making them harder to destroy. If the homid
chooses to affect his clothing with this Gift, he gains an extra
die to his soak pool for every success; this clothing counts as
armor (and can be used to soak silver damage), but is effectively
weightless. However, such restrengthened armor is only effec-
tive versus cutting or piercing attacks, as it offers no rigid
protection against heavy blows.

‘@ Spirit Ward (Level Four) — This Gift allows a
werewolf to protect himself from spirits by performing a
quick warding rite. By drawing an invisible pictogram in the
air, the Garou scares and unnerves nearby spirits. This sign
the werewolf wherever he goes for the duration
is Gift is taught by an Ancestor-spirit.
player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
+ Rituals (difficulty 7); spirits within 100
Garou (save for his pack totem) must subtract
heir Dice Pools for each success. This Gift lasts

ilation (Level Five) — The homid can blend
to any culture, no matter how peculiar or unfa-
ulture is. A European Garou can hunt and gather
ora Pure One canslip into the ener

Gift wears off, he forgets any languages he doesn't normally
know. This Gift is taught by an Ancestor-spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Manipulation + Empathy. If suc-
cessful, he is able to interact with members of another culture
as if he were from that culture. The difficulty depends on how
alien the culture is; the difficulty would be 5 for another Garou
sept, but it could be as high as 9 when trying to assimilate into
a Black Spiral Hive. The Garou will not suffer Social roll
penalties when interacting with members of the culture, al-
though she won't receive any special benefits, either. The Gift
lasts for one scene, plus one day per Willpower point spent
when activating it.

‘w Part the Veil (Level Five) — The Garou may prevent
any human from being affected by the Delirium for a scene; a
frail banker can play cards with Crinos werewolves without
getting any more terrified than logic might dictate. If the
subject is later struck by the Delirium, he will forget most of
what he learned while under this Gift's influence. This Gift
is taught by an Ancestor-spirit.

System: The Garou spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Charisma + Empathy (difficulty 6).

Werewolf: The Wild West


Metis

The shunned metis are actually able to draw strength from
their miserable lot. Raised in Garou society, they have an
uncanny insight into werewolf affairs; what's more, their too-
potent blood fuels them with anger and pain that they can
channel outward. Undiluted by human or wolf blood, they also
are much more primal creatures, and enjoy a deep connection
with Gaia's heart.

‘w Create Element (Level One) — The Garou can create a
small amount of one of the four basic elements —fire, air, earth
or water. In this way, a Garou can summon a breath of fresh air
in a poisonous mine, make a stone to drop on someone, create a
fire without flint or fuel, or call up water in the middle of Death
Valley. The Gift can't create precious metals (especially silver),
lethal gases or acid. This Gift is taught by an elemental.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Gnosis (difficulty 6). One cubic foot of the desired element is
created per success, to a maximum weight of 100 lbs.
element is now permanent until used up (breathed in the¢
of air, or burned up in the case of a fire without fuel).

‘w Sense Wyrm (Level One) — The werewolf
manifestations of the Wyrm in the né
involves a mystical sense, not
although Wyrm-taint is distasteful and ee cor
rancid stench. This power isn't instinctive; it
concentration. This Gift is taught by any

System: The Garou rolls Perceptié
culty for this Gift is based on the concentration ands
of the Wyrm's influence (sensing a single mockery i
would have a difficulty of 6). This Gift can detect vai
only those with Humanity scores lower than 7.

into the earth. The tunnel is relatively permanent, and ot
can follow the Garou through it, although space is crat
allowing only one person at a time to go through. The Gi arou
must be in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus form to use this Gift, but the
tunnel will only be as large as the form he assumed while
burrowing it (only wolf-sized or smaller beings can travel a
tunnel burrowed by a Garou in Lupus form, and so on). The
tunnel isn't structurally sound and will collapse over time. This
Gift is taught by a Mole-spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Strength + Athletics against a
difficulty depending on the substance to be excavated (4 for
loose mud, 9 for solid rock). One yard per turn can be burrowed
for each success.

‘@ Curse of Hatred (Level Two) — The metis may spit a
curse from the dark part of her heart, demoralizing her foes with
her bilious hatred. This Gift is taught by a Hate-spirit.

System: The Garou spends a Gnosis point and rolls Ma-
nipulation + Expression (difficulty of the opponent's

Willpower). If the Garou succeeds, her opponent loses
two Willpower points and two Rage points. This may
& only be used on a foe once per scene.

Chapter Six: Traits

w Eyes of the Cat (Level Three) — The werewolf may see
clearly in pitch darkness; his eyes glow a lambent green while
this power is in effect. This Gift is taught by a Cat-spirit.

System: The player need only state when this Gift is in
effect; there's no roll or Gnosis cost. The Garou suffers no
difficulty or Dice Pool penalties from darkness.

‘ Rattler's Bite (Level Three) — The metis' fangs lengthen
when she learns this Gift; she can then secrete a deadly poison
from her fangs. When the Garou bites, she can paralyze and
even kill a victim. Some elder Garou look down upon this Gift
as a deformity. Naturally, Snake-spirits teach this Gift.

System: By spending a Rage point, the werewolf can inject
her target with a powerful snake poison. If the bite succeeds,
any remaining damage after the soak roll is doubled. If the
attack fails or causes no damage, the Rage point is still lost.
‘@ Gift of the Porcupine (Level Four) — This Gift allows
' fur to become bristly and sharp like the quills of a

Garou must be in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus form.

The Garou spends a Gnosis point to sharpen his
e Garou body slams, grapples or immobi-

tacker's Strength, although the Garoustill takes
This Gift lasts for one scene or until the

ates it.

. imb (Level Four) — The metis can select a
foe's arm or leg and force it to wither into uselessness. If the

© victim is a creature with regenerative properties, such as a

shapechanger or vampire, the limb will regenerate whole
after one scene. This Gift is taught by a venomous animal
spirit or a spirit of Disease.

System: The Garou spends a Gnosis point and rolls Will-
power (difficulty of the victim's Stamina + 4).

W Madness (Level Five) — The metis can break a target's
mind, driving the hapless victim insane. This Gift is taught
either by a Lune or by a spirit of Madness or Trickery.

System: The Garou spends a Gnosis point and rolls Ma-
nipulation + Intimidation (difficulty of the victim's Willpower).
The number of successes determines the number of days that
the insanity lasts. The Storyteller selects the form of insanity,
but the supernatural madness should be plenty severe.

‘v Totem Gift (Level Five) — The metis can draw on
her link with her tribe's totem, beseeching the totem to lend
her some of its power. The effects of this Gift are up to the
Storyteller, but should be in keeping with the totem; thus,
Wendigo might send an ice storm against his child's foes,
while Cockroach might grant a metis Iron Rider the strength
and speed of a locomotive. This Gift is taught by the
werewolf's tribal totem.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Rituals (difficulty 9).


IR

| id] || ESS NS See

Lupus

Lupus Gifts reflect the primal side of the wolf-bom, drawingon the
lupus' connections to the wild placesand the creatures that live there.

‘@ Heightened Senses (Level One) — The werewolf
sharpens her senses beyond their normal reach; in Homid or
Glabro form, her senses become as sharp as those of a wolf,
while in her wolf forms, her senses become incredibly potent.
This Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: The Garou spends a Gnosis point. In Homid and
Glabro forms, her Perception difficulties are reduced by two; she
may also roll Perception + Primal-Urge (difficulty 6) to perform
sensory feats impossible to humans. In all other forms, her Percep-
tion difficulties are reduced by three, and she gains an extra die to
Primal-Urge Dice Pools. The effects last for one scene.

‘w Jackrabbit Jump (Level One) — The werewolf may leap
incredible distances, well beyond the range of normal humans
or wolves. This Gift is taught by Hare- or Cat:
System: The Garou rolls Stamina + Athleé
Ifsuccessful, she may double her normal j
the Jumping Chart, pg. 249.

w Scent of Sight (Level Two) —
his sense of smell as well as if it wer
attack invisible creatures without p
absolute darkness. This Gift is ta

System: The Garou rolls Pe

Storyteller-determined difficulty
local smells). The Storyteller shouldnot
only when something could cause the Ga
scent (it begins to rain, a wheelbarrow of aaaiie overturns,
‘w Sense the Unnatural (Level Two) — The werewolf can
pick out any unnatural presence, gauging its approxima
strength and type. This can include magic, spirits, the fae,
Wyrm-beasts, etc. This also detects vampires, but only those
with Humanity scores below 7. This Gift is taught by any spirit
servant of Gaia.

System: The Garou rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty
6). The more successes rolled, the more information is gained.
However, deciphering the information might require an Intel-
ligence + Occult roll (Storyteller's option).

w Catfeet (Level Three) — This Gift gives the Garou the
agility of a cat, allowing him to land on his feet after falls of less
than 100 feet without harm. He also has perfect balance even
on the most slippery surfaces, and the difficulties of all combat
actions involving body slams and grappling are reduced by two.
This Gift is taught by a Cat-spirit.

System: The Garou does not need to expend points or roll
for this ability; it becomes innate to those who learn the Gift.

‘@ Healing Sleep (Level Three) — The lupus can fall into
a state of hibernation for a day, healing even the most severe
wounds while he sleeps. This Gift is taught by a Bear-spirit.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Stamina +
Primal-Urge. The werewolf falls into hibernation, and is unaware
of his surroundings while he rests. If injured, he will awaken, but

142

cane

eee

the healing sleep is spoiled. After a full day and night of rest, the
lupus awakes with all Health Levels healed, even if they were
aggravated damage. This Gift cannot heal battle scars, however.

‘w Gnaw (Level Four) — The Garou may strengthen her
jaws to the point that, given time, she can chew through just
about anything. In addition, her bite does grievous damage to
any unlucky foes. This Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: The playerspendsa Willpower pointand rolls Stamina
+ 4 against a variable difficulty (3 for wood, 6 for iron bars, 8 for
a heavy safe). The length of time it takes to gnaw through
something is up to the Storyteller. When employing this power in
combat, the werewolf's bite does an extra die of damage.

‘w Lord of the Wilds (Level Four) —The lupus can call the
beasts of the wild to do her bidding, speaking with and
commanding them as she likes. If there are no animals of the
sort desired in the vicinity, none can be called. This Gift is
taught by any Animal-spirit.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Charisma
+ Animal Ken (difficulty 7). One success affects animals of the
chosen type within a 10-mile radius; each additional success adds
10 miles to the radius. The effect lasts for one scene, but the time

‘BBextended by spending one Gnosis point per extra scene.
ift (Level Five) — The lupus may tap Gaia's

ymmanding the spirits of the elements. The
ements to rise up, undulate forward and
san elemental spirit, notmerely
8. This Gift is taught by an elemental.
ls one Gnosis point and rolls
If successful, he may control
r or fire — approximately 20

be in the deep wilderness to employ this Gift. If so, his howl
calls one of the Great Beasts — the ancient creatures that used
to walk the Earth in ages past — to his aid. Such Beasts include
the Sasquatch, the great lake-monsters, the Willawau (giant
owl), the mastodons of yore, and other legendary creatures.
This Gift is taught by a Nature-spirit.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Primal-Urge (difficulty 9). More successes im-
prove the Beast's disposition.

Ragabash

Ragabash are the pranksters and deceitful among the Garou.
Their tricks work best under cover of darkness, especially when
the night is moonless. Luna allows New Moons to break the rules.

‘@ Scent of Running Water (Level One) —The Garou can
completely mask her scent, making herself virtually impossible
to track. This Gift is taught by a Fox-spirit.

System: The difficulties of all rolls to track the character

increase by two. This Gift is an innate ability to the

Garou who learns it; she need not spend any points or
make any rolls.

Werewolf: The Wild West


‘w Spider's Song (Level One) — The Ragabash can put her
ear toa telegraph pole or wire and eavesdrop on any messages
sent over the line. The Garou need not know Morse Code to
understand the message; it is whispered to the werewolf by a
Spider-spirit that tends the lines. This Gift is taught by a
Spider-spirit.

System: The character puts her ear to a telegraph pole or
wire. The player spends a Gnosis point and all messages sent
along the line are translated to the Garou. The character can
eavesdrop as long as he remains in contact with the line; he
can't intercept or change the messages

‘w Walk under the New Moon (Level One) — The Garou
seems to disappear from sight, becoming little more than a
shadow. This Gift allows him to pass virtually unseen. However,
once the werewolf has been spotted, this Gift is negated unless the
viewer is again distracted. This Gift is taught by a Moon-spirit.

System: The playerrolls Manipulation + Stealth (difficulty 8).
Each success increases the difficulties of rolls to detect him by one.

@ Carried on the Wind (Level Two) — This Gift garbles
communication between anyone within the Ragabash's vicin-
ity, whether by the sound of the wind, ringing echoes or
otherwise overwhelming background noises. Mes-
sages carried by wolfor Garou howls, even messages
sent on telegraph lines are made incomprehen- Js
sible. This Gift is taught by a Wind-spirit.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Expression (diffi-
culty depends on activity surrounding the conversation).
Attempts at verbal communication are useless for the duration
of one scene or until the Ragabash leaves the area. Visual
communication is still possible, as is communication through
scent. Conveying a message by means other than talking or
writing requires a successful Intelligence + Expression roll
(difficulry depends on the complexity of the message; "go over
there" is 4, "take this gun and wait for my signal" is 6).

‘w Hide in Plain Sight (Level Two) — The werewolf
becomes completely invisible to all senses
stands still. This Gift is taught by a Lizard- or Sn:

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Stealth (difficulty 7).
Each su
Alertness rolls of those actively looking for the character. Ifno
one is doing so, then one success indicates complete conceal-
ment. This Gift is canceled the minute the Garou moves.

‘w Man With No Name (Level Two) — The Garou can

interact with people and even grow close to them, but they forget

and spirits when he

e-spirit.

s subtracts one success from the Perception +

who he is or what he looks like shortly after he moves on.
Some might forget interacting with the character alto-
gether. Ironically, werewolves who habitually us this

Gift often develop a collective mys-

tique about themselves. This

Gift is taught by a Wind-spirit.

RSS SSS OSES SSS


System: The player rolls Charisma, Manipulation or Appear-
ance + Enigmas (difficulty is the victim's Intelligence + Alertness,
or the highest combination in a group of people). With three
successes, the people that a character meets soon forget his name
(ifever given), what he looks like or where he went. The character
remains a mystery. Some may recall the Ragabash by spending a
Willpower point, but even that memory fades after a day.

‘w Bald-Faced Lie (Level Three) — Those within earshot
accept the Ragabash's most blatant lies as truth, at least for a
little while. This power can also be used to cheat at a game
before someone's very eyes and get away with it. This Gift is
taught by a Fox-spirit.

System: The player utters the lie or describes the manner in
which his character blatantly cheats at a game, and rolls Wits
+ Subterfuge, whichever combination is most appropriate
(difficulty is the subject's Wits + Subterfuge, or thethi
rating in a crowd). The roll is made against an
hear the lie or who witnesses the character
cesses are required to overwhelm an indiy
required to dupe two or more people.

The danger of using this Gift lies in not ke if the marks
will fall for it; the player rolls after his che or makes his
play. If the roll succeeds, victims take th
actions as legitimate, at least for the durat
might come looking for him later). A fail
and suspicion. A botched roll makes people:

sw Open Moon Bridge (Level Three) —
ability to open a Moon Bridge, with or with:
of the caern's spirit. This Gift is taught by a

System: The player spends one Gnosis point. e the Rite
of the Opened Bridge (pg. 170) for more information on
opening Moon Bridges. The maximum distance that can be
covered is 1,000 miles.

‘9 Luna's Blessing (Level Four) — When the moon is visible in
thenightsky, silver doesnot cause the werewolfaggravated damage.
Indeed, silver weapons may cause more harm to their wielders than
to the Garou they're used on. This Gift is taught by a Lune.

System: For each strike against the Garou, the attacker
must roll three extra dice on the attack; these dice are read to
check for botches only. The Garou can soak and regenerate
silver as if it inflicts normal damage, but only when the moon
is visible.

‘w Mark of Shame (Level Four) — The Ragabash may
invoke a terrible curse upon an opponent's body, causing it to
weaken or wither, often in retribution for some act, as a
reminder to be more alert to deception or as a frustrating
reminder of embarrassment inflicted upon the target. This Gift
is taught by a Pain-spirit or a spirit of Disease.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Gnosis
in a resisted roll against the target's permanent Gnosis. The
Garou's difficulty is the victim's Willpower, while the victim's
difficulty is the Ragabash's Willpower. (If the victim has no
Gnosis, the Garou makes an uncontested roll against the

¢ Garou has the
the permission

victim's Willpower.) Each success achieved by the Garou
allows the player to remove one point from any of the victim's
Physical Attributes. The effect is permanent, although the
victim may restore these lost points through experience. The
Gift may be used only once per scene against a given opponent.

‘w Thieving Talons (Level Five) — Often bitterly called
"Broken Treaty" by the Pure Ones, this Gift lets the Ragabash
steal what could never have been hers — the powers of others
— and use them herself. These powers can be Garou Gifts,
spirit Charms, vampiric Disciplines or even mage Spheres.
This Gift is taught by a spirit of Vengeance ora Trickster-spirit.

System: The player must gain three successes on a Wits +
Stealth roll (difficulty of the target's Willpower). If the roll is
successful, the Garou can use the specified power for each
successive turn that the player is willing to spend a Gnosis point.
¢ Ghost Town (Level Five) — The werewolf can make a

ie roll botches, the character is thrown into
y that he would have others perceive.
own, mine, reservation or whatever is
anges. Newcomers, passersby or people
for some time perceive the place to be
even acknowledge its existence, even on
who actively investigate the ghost town
h the ruse; Perception + Investigation rolls
ulty of the Ragabash's Wits + Subterfuge).

Inhabitants of a "ghost town" and newcomers do not recog-
nize or even perceive each other's movements. Physical objects
can be moved around by both parties, though, which reinforces
the ghost town image or mystifies and aggravates citizens. The
effect lasts for one story.

Theurge

The Crescent Moon holds a deep link to the Umbra and its
denizens, and is possessed of spiritual wisdom few others could
bear. The Theurge's Gifts allow him to affect spirits and the
very stuff of the Umbra. Although many Theurges are finding
their Gifts less effective in the shifting Storm Umbra, they
nonetheless search for further insight into the changes that the
Storm Eater has wrought.

‘¥ Mother's Touch (Level One) — The werewolf can heal
the wounds of others (but not herself), aggravated or other-
wise, simply by laying hands over the afflicted area. This Gift
is taught by a Unicorn-spirit.

System: The Garou spends a Gnosis point and rolls Intel-
ligence + Medicine (difficulty of the wounded individual's
Rage, or 6 for non-Garou). Each success heals one

Health Level. Even battle scars may be cured in this *

Werewolf: The Wild West


paee®
aN
\

manner, but only in the same scene that the scar was obtained
and with the expenditure of an additional Gnosis point. There
isno limit to how many times this may be used ona person, but
each use requires a Gnosis point.

*w Sense Wyrm (Level One) — As the Level One Metis Gift.

‘w Spirit Speech (Level One) —This Giftallows the Garou
tospeak with encountered spirits. This Gift doesn't compel the
spirit to answer, or prevent it from leaving. This Gift can be
taught by any spirit.

System: Once learned, this Gift allows the Garou to under-
stand spirit-speech intuitively. Some spirits, such as Banes or
Enigmatics, may not always be understood.

‘w Command Spirit (Level Two) —The werewolf can give
simple commands to encountered spirits and be obeyed. This
conveys no summoning power — the spirit must be present to
be commanded. This Gift is taught by any Incarna avatar.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Charisma + Leadership (difficulty of the spirit's Gnosis). Ea:
successive command requires the expenditure of another
power point. Note that the Theurge can't command
leave areas to which they have been bound; that re
Exorcism Gift (see below).

w Name the Spirit (Level Two) — The Theurge
the type and approximate Trait levels (Rage, Power,
spirit. This Gift is taught by a spirit servant of the Uk

System: The player spends a Willpower point
Perception + Occult (difficulty 8).

"w Sight from Beyond (Level Two) — When dangerstall
Garou, or momentous events are in the offing, visions come to P
without warming. When the Storm Eater was freed, Theurges across
the land were struck by visions of the sky ripping open; even now,
many Crescent Moons hope to gain clues of how to best the great
Bane in their dreams. This Gift is taught by a Crow-spirit.

System: Interpreting these signs is best handled through
roleplaying, but the Storyteller can require the Garou to roll
Wits + Occult (difficulty 7) if appropriate. The visions cannot
be called; they come only of their own accord.

‘w Exorcism (Level Three) — This is the Gift of ejecting
spirits from places or objects, whether they are there voluntar-
ily or are bound there. This Gift is taught by any Incarna avatar.

System: If a spirit doesn't feel like leaving, the player must
roll Manipulation + Intimidation (difficulty of the spirit's
Willpower). If the spirit has been bound to its lodging place (or
into afetish), then the Exorcist must make a Wits + Subterfuge
roll (difficulty 8) and gain more successes than the binder did
when tying the spirit to its location.

Pulse of the Invisible (Level Three) — The Theurge
need no longer focus to communicate with spirits upon master-
ing this Gift; she is now constantly aware of all that spirits do
around her and can interact with them at will. While most

spirit-business is hardly of note, she will notice any
dramatic changes in the environment. This Gift is
é taught by any spirit.

Chapter Six: Traits

System: If the Garou's Gnosis equals or exceeds the Gaunt-
let, she can automatically see into the Umbra. Otherwise, she
must roll Perception + Occult (difficulty of the Gauntlet) to
pierce the invisible wall. Only one success is required. The
effect lasts for an entire scene or until the character enters an
area with a higher Gauntlet.

‘w Grasp the Beyond (Level Four) — The Theurge may
take things to and from the Umbra without having to dedicate
them to herself (see Rite of Talisman Dedication, pg. 173). This
includes humans and animals, both willing and unwilling.
Garou often use this power to take loyal Kinfolk with them on
Umbral quests or to heal injured kin — both body and soul —
in mystic Glens. This Gift is taught by an Incarna avatar.

System: The werewolf must grasp the object or person he
wishes to take to the spirit world. The player must then spend a
number of Willpower points: one for small items, two for larger

(Svords, etc.) and three for huge items (including people).
makes the usual Gnosis roll to pierce the Gauntlet and step
ideways; if successful, both Theurge and the desired object or
person pass into the Umbra. An unwilling target may resist with
a Willpower roll; each success subtracts one from the Garou's
successes. A Theurge attempting to abduct an unwilling victim
must achieve at least three successes on his Gnosis roll.

Any person taken to the Umbra, unless she has the al
step sideways, must rely on the Garou to escape, or else find an
area with a very thin Gauntlet, such as a caern. The Gauntlet
rating must be 3 or lower for a victim to exit of his own accord.
If he does exit, he may not reenter the Umbra, no matter what
he Gauntlet rating. Some people can manage to be spit out of
mbra by passing Wyldlings, but this is as often as not fatal.
Drain (Level Four) — The Theurge may drain
power from a spirit to feed his own resolve. This Gift is taught
by a spirit servant of the Uktena totem.

System: If the Garou succeeds in a resisted Gnosis vs.
Gnosis roll while combating a spirit, the spirit loses one Power
point per success for the rest of the scene. For every two points
drained, the Garou gains a temporary Willpower point, but
loses any points exceeding her maximum at the end of the
scene.

‘e Mold the Spirit (Level Five) — The Garou can change
aspirit's form or purpose. This Gift is taught by a Chimerling.

System: The Garou must best the spirit in a resisted Gnosis
vs. Gnosis roll. The Theurge's difficulty is based on his goal (see
below), while the spirit's difficulty is the werewolf's Gnosis.

Change Difficulty
Characteristics (Willpower, Rage, Gnosis; 6

one point changed per success)

Disposition (Friendly, Neutral, Hostile) 8

Type (Naturae, Elemental, Bane, etc.) 10

‘w Savage the Mind (Level Five) — With but a thought,
the Theurge can shred an opponent's human reasoning, giving
him the effective mind of a beast. This Gift is taught by a spirit
servant of the Griffin totem.


System: The Garou spends Gnosis (see below) and rolls
Wits + Empathy (difficulty of the target's Willpower + 3;
maximum 10). If successful, the Garou can permanently de-
stroy a target's Intelligence Attribute. Two Gnosis points must
be spent for each point of Intelligence destroyed, and the
werewolf cannot destroy more points than she rolls successes.
Additionally, the more Intelligence the target loses, the more
animalistic his behavior becomes.

Philodox

The Philodox are the arbitrators and judges of Garou
society. They are chieftains and medicine workers among
native tribes, and lawgivers (and takers) among Easterners and
Europeans. Their Gifts allow them to perceive truths, call upon
ancestral wisdom and make decrees. The Half Moons are
trapped between the rage of their primal selves and the respon-
sibility of their ordered selves.

‘w Resist Pain (Level One) — The Garou is able to resist
the pain of his wounds and continue acting normally. ThisG
is taught by a Bear-spirit.

System: The player spends one Willpower
character is not affected by wound penalties for
der of the scene.

Scent of the True Form (Level One) —
can smell what a subject really is; she can supe:
up the scent of her target's true nature. This Gift
any spirit servant of Gaia.

System: The Garou can automatically tell wl
is a werewolf, and can detect vampires and fae
Perception + Primal-Urge roll (
be detected (difficulty 9).

‘¥ Truth of Gaia (Level One) — Philodox, as judges of the
Litany, can sense if others speak truth or lies. This Gift is taught
by a Falcon Gaffling.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Empathy (difficulty
is the subject's Manipulation + Subterfuge). This Gift reveals
only whether the subject speaks truth or falsehood; it doesn't
reveal the actual truth, whatever that may be.

‘Call to Arms (Level Two) — The Garou can summon
low-powered spirits of a certain type — animal, air, water —
and may give them one, and only one command. Once the
spirits have fulfilled this request, they depart. This Gift is
taught by an Incarna avatar.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Leadership (difficulty is the spirits' highest Will-
power) for the character to summon low-powered spirits of the
specified type. The Storyteller decides what spirits respond and
what they are capable of doing.

w King of the Beasts (Level Two) — Animals within
sight, scent and earshot of the Garou follow his orders willingly
and unconditionally (assuming he does not order their sui-
cide). They understand his orders and want to carry them out.
This Gift is taught by a Lion- or Falcon-spirit.

xX

System: The player rolls Charisma + Animal Ken (diffi-
culty depends on the scarcity of animals in the character's
vicinity). Even if animals are around, they might not be
suitable for the task at hand; that doesn't mean they don't try
to help, though, which can prove problematic in itself.

‘W Mend the Forked Tongue (Level Two) —The Garoucan
commanda target to speak the truth, despite the victim's desires.

System: The Storyteller rolls Manipulation + Intimidation
(difficulty is the victim's Intelligence + Subterfuge) on the
player's behalf. On a successful roll, the werewolf forces a
particular person to speak the truth about a specified subject.
The subject has to spend two Willpower points to resist the
command. If the Philodox's roll fails, the subject refuses the
command. Ifthe roll botches, the subject may lie to the character
(thus the need for the Storyteller to make the roll for the player).

‘w Balance Man and Beast (Level Three) — A Philodox
needs to keep a tight grip on his bestial side for fear of losing
control and, perhaps worse still, allowing his passions to control
However, a Garou cannot deny his animal nature;
n not reign alone. The Garou can calm or enrage

If in times of need. This Gift is taught by a Water-spirit.

System: The character concentrates and meditates on her
role as arbitrator and fair judge among the Garou. The player
makes a Gnosis roll (difficulty 8). For every success, one point
of Willpower or Rage is gained, as needed. Thisself-control can
only be used once per scene.

This Gift also allows a Philodox to avoid entering frenzy by
putting the character in a profound state of calm. The player

pends one ne Willpower point and the character won't frenzy for

an entire scene, no matter what happens, unless

seeks to make the change. Alternately, ifa frenzy

ever necessary, the player can spend one point of Rage and
the character automatically becomes a killing machine.

‘w Wisdom of the Ancient Ways (Level Three) — By
tapping into the racial subconscious of the Garou, the Philodox
dredges up ancient facts and lore. This Gift is taught by an
Ancestor-spirit.

System: The Garou must meditate for a short time, concen-
trating on the past. The player rolls Gnosis (difficulty 8, -1 for
each point of Past Life that the Garou possesses).

+w Rally to the Cause (Level Four) — At times a Philodox
needs to rally Garou to achieve a goal, but as events in the
Savage West prove, Garou can rarely agree on anything, let
alone work together. This Gift helps a Philodox inspire other
Garou to follow his cause, despite tribal or personal differences.
This power is most appropriate for inspiring Garou, but also
affects humans. This Gift is taught by a Falcon-spirit.

System: The character makes a speech before his audience.
The player then rolls Manipulation + Leadership (difficulty is
the highest Willpower of any dissenting targets).

Individuals who willingly follow the Philodox auto-
matically rally to him and gain the benefits conferred
by the Gift. If the player's roll succeeds, Garou who

Werewolf: ie Wild West


aaaee

TIL

disagree with the character's plan feel compelled to aid him
despite their differences of opinion (although the expenditure
ofa Willpower point may allow an individual to break from the
pack). If the roll botches, even a Garou's dedicated followers
may abandon him.

Rallied Garou each receive an extra point of Willpower to
be used in achieving the Philodox's goal. They may also be
quicker to frenzy if that suits the mission ahead (a call to battle,
for example); only three successes on a Rage roll are required
to frenzy. Rival Garou have better relations as well, and put
their differences aside for the common goal; difficulties of
Social rolls are reduced by two.

The effects of this Gift last until the Philodox's mission is
complete or for the remainder of the scene, whichever comes
first. The Gift can be used to inspire packs, members of a sept
or attendants at a moot; even native and European tribes can
be convinced to work together, assuming that the Philodox's
goal is not anathema to any party.

w Roll Over (Level Four) — The Philodox's presence
demands respect and submission. Should she succeed in a
test of wills, she dominates her foe, causing humans to fall
to their knees and wolves to roll onto their backs. This Gift
is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: The player must score at least three successes more
than the opponent in a resisted Willpower contest.

w Honor Bound (Level Five) — The Philodox compels
an individual or pack of Garou to perform a mission that
may not correspond to an individual's desires. Only a hand-
ful of subjects can be affected by this Gift at one time. The
Philodox's order is so compelling that few can resist, assum-
ing that it doesn't defy Garou basic instincts. The leader
could make a pack of European Garou restore a caern to its
native owners, but could not make werewolves eat human
flesh. This Gift is taught by an Incarna avatar.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Leadership (difficulty of the target's Will-
power or the highest rating in a group). Three Willpower
points must be expended to resist the order, and doing so
results in the loss of three Honor Renown. The command is
compelling until the act is accomplished to the best of the
Garou's ability.

‘@ Wall of Granite (Level Five) — The Philodox's word is
so compelling that the earth, the very foundation upon which
her people live, responds to her command. While in contact
with earth or rock, the werewolf can summon a wall to move
with her, defending her from all angles. This Gift is taught by
an earth elemental.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point. The wall's
dimensions are three yards high, two yards long and one yard
thick; it can soak damage as if it has 10 dice, and 10 Health

Levels must be inflicted to penetrate it in any one spot.
The wall lasts for one scene or until released back into
the earth by the Garou.

Chapter Six: Traits

SA


>=*

AAW

4 YS

The Moon Dancers keep the lore and songs of the Garou
alive, and their Gifts reflect their ability to sing someone's
dreams and emotions into whatever form they choose. Passion
is the Galliard's fuel, and the voice is his weapon.

‘w Beast Speech (Level One) — The werewolf may speak
with his animal brethren, whether docile, domesticated sheep,
furious catamounts or cold-blooded rattlers. This doesn't change
the critter's basic reactions —an enraged buffalo isn't likely to
spend time in conversation, and will probably attack regard-
less. This Gift is taught by a Nature-spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Charisma + Animal Ken (diffi-
culty 6). This roll must be made for each type of animal and for
each encounter.

Call of the Wyld (Level One) — The Galliard can
summon aid by howling; werewolves even beyond the range
of hearing sense the call and may answer. This Gift can
enhance the effect of any of the normal Garou howls (s
Howls, pg. 50); it can also be sounded to summe
Garou fora moot. Finally, Call of the Wyld is of
beginning of revels and other events, t
participants. This Gift is taught by a Wolfé
System: The Garou rolls Stamina + Empa
The number of successes determines how fa
be heard and how stirring it is to those who he
effects are determined by the Storyteller, b
linked to the type of howl made and the i
Some examples are: every two successes g
extra dice to their Pools; Wyrm agents are distra
and their difficulties are temporarily raised; all G:
area do not hesitate to respond to the Garou's Call to

W Mindspeak (Level One) — The Galliard can call a
waking dream into existence, sharing it with selected charac-
ters and thereby allowing them to silently communicate. This
Gift is taught by a Chimerling.

System: The Garou spends one Willpower point per
sentient being chosen; if a target is unwilling, the player rolls
Manipulation + Expression (difficulty of the victim's Will-
power). All those included in the dream may interact normally
through the Mindspeak, though they can inflict no damage
through it. Their real bodies can still act, though all Dice
Pools are reduced by two. The Mindspeak ends when all the
participants want it to, or on the turn the Galliard fails the
roll against an unwilling member. The beings affected must
be within line of sight.

‘w Call of the Wyrm (Level Two) — This frightening
cry acts as a siren song to Wyrm-creatures, drawing them to
the howler. Galliards use this Gift to create ambushes or to
flush prey from hiding. This Gift is taught by any spirit
servant of Gaia.

System: The Garou makes a resisted roll of Manipulation +
Performance vs. the Wyrm-creature's Willpower (both rolls are
difficulty 7). Ifthe Wyrm-creature loses, it mustcome to the caller.

‘¥ Distractions (Level Two) — The Garou can make
annoying yips, yelps and howls to divert the attention of his
target. This Gift is taught by a Coyote-spirit.

System: The player rolls Wits + Performance (difficulty of
the victim's Willpower). Each success subtracts one from the
target's Dice Pool next turn.

‘w Dreamspeak (Level Two) — The Galliard enters
another's dream and can thereby affect the course of that
dream. The werewolf need not be close to the target; all she
needs is to know or have seen the dreamer. This Gift is taught
by a Chimerling.

System: The player rolls Wits + Empathy (difficulty 8). If
the dreamer awakens while the werewolf is still within the
dream, the Garou is thrown out of the dream world and loses
a Gnosis point.

‘@ Come Hither (Level Three) — The Galliard can draw
anyone to his side with a mere glance. This Gift is taught by a

ake-spiri
tem: The player rolls Appearance + Enigmas (difficulty
's Willpower). The Garou needs three successes to
get to his side; fewer at least start the victim
right direction.

f Rage (Level Three) — The werewolf's cry lets
¢animal in the target's heart, whipping him intoakilling
m This Gift forces shapechangers to take the war-form,
sends vampires into frenzy and drives humans absolutely loco.
This Gift is taught by a Wolverine- or Wolf-spirit.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Leadership (diffi-
cul ¢ target's Willpower). Each success drives the victim
i folent rage for one turn.

Bridge Walker (Level Four) — The Galliard can
create minor Moon Bridges through which he alone can
travel. This allows him to cover short distances in one
hundredth of normal travel time, even letting him vanish
from a foe's sight to immediately reappear behind the
luckless victim. These are never the safest of routes (par-
ticularly as Lunes don't guard these temporary bridges); the
denizens of the Storm Umbra sometimes follow the Galliard's
trail and spill out into the physical world. This Gift is taught
by a Lune.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point to create the
bridge. The Moon Bridge lasts for only one passage, unless the
player spends a permanent Gnosis point during its creation, in
which case it lasts until the next full moon. The maximum
distance that can be traversed by the bridge is the Garou's
Gnosis in miles.

‘w Shadows by the Fire Light (Level Four) — The Galliard
canspina tale and draw others into it, whether they're interested
ornot. This Gift is usually used at moots when telling old stories,
allowing the participants to reenact the tales themselves. How-

ever, this Gift can also be used on the unwilling, forcing

them to participate in a story of the Garou's choosing.
This Gift is taught by an Ancestor-spirit.

148 Werewolf: The Wild West


|

System: When using this Gift on the unwilling, the player
must spend a Gnosis point and score three successes on a
Manipulation + Performance roll (difficulty of the target's
Willpower). If successful, the player may tell a story and force
the victim to perform exactly as the story's character does. This
effect lasts one turn per Gnosis point spent.

‘w Heart Twister (Level Five) — The Galliard with this Gift
becomes the ultimate manipulator, capable of playing a person's
heartstrings like a fiddle just by talking to him. He could cause
someone to fall in love with him (which won'tlast, and the victim's
love may turn into justified resentment) or drive another to hate a
target of his choosing (again, this won't last, but might develop into
a full-scale feud). This Gift is taught by a Coyote-spirit.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Empathy (diffi-
culty of the target's Willpower). Success allows the werewolf to
steer the emotions of any one individual. The more successes,
the more quickly the emotions manifest and the more strongly
theyare felt. The Storyteller should give the Galliard extra dice
for roleplaying this Gift especially well.

‘w Song of the Storm (Level Five) — The Galliardea
the very fabric of the Storm Umbra with her sor
forth a chaotic flurry of Wyld-energies to work a)
environment or those caught within it. This
a powerful Wyld-spirit.

System: The player spends two Gnosis point:
Expression (difficulty of the local Gauntlet). If.
one success, the Wyld's force breaks through a1
general area she selects. The Galliard may specify
desire for the change, but she can hardly control th
she calls forth. The extent of the change and the precision
target depend on the roll; with only one success, the canyon wal
surrounding the Black Spiral Dancers might sprout a coat of
slippery blue moss, while five successes might change all the
Dancers' weapons into silver-fanged sidewinders. The Storyteller
is encouraged to be creative with whatever change results, but
should remember that this Gift's power usually manifests in
beneficial ways — for the Moon Dancers, that is.

Ahroun

The Ahroun is born to the warrior's path, and is expected to
tear his way through anything that threatens Mother Earth.
Full Moon Gifts offer combat power and an edge in battle —
little else is necessary.

‘ Inspiration (Level One) — The Ahroun is usually the
leader of the pack in combat, and this Gift strengthens that role.
Bychannelinghis courage and resolve, the Ahroun increases the
resolve of his brethren. This Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point for his comrades
to automatically receive one success on any Willpower rolls made
during the scene. Note that this Gift does not affect its possessor.

‘w Razor Claws (Level One) — The werewolf may
sharpen his claws into virtual straight-razors. This
¢ Gift is taught by a Cat- or Wolf-spirit.

Chapter Six: Traits

System: The player spends a Rage point while the werewolf
takes a turn to scratch his talons over a stone or similarly hard
surface. His successive claw attacks then do an additional die
of damage for the remainder of the scene.

‘ Trick Shot (Level One) — With this Gift, the Garou
need not know the meaning of the word "impossible." Shooting
an arrow through a two-spot at one hundred paces, ricocheting
a bullet around a comer or even firing down the barrel of an
opponent's gun — the Ahroun can do them all. However, this
Gift can only indirectly do any harm to a living thing — by
shooting out a rope holding a chandelier, for instance. More
direct usage is considered unsporting by the spirits, who will not
permit such vulgarity. This Gift is taught by an Air-spirit.

System: The player adds her character's permanent rating
in Glory to her Dice Pool for the trick shot. The shot must be
declared prior to rolling, and only for a truly bizarre attempt
(simply saying "I shoot ‘im in the head!" doesn't count).

‘w Sense Silver (Level Two) — The cagey fighter knows
hen his opponents are packing something truly dangerous,
un have learned to scent out the most dangerous
This Gift is taught by a Lune.

Garou rolls Perception + Primal-Urge (diffi-
, she can detect the general presence of
allow her to pinpoint the silver's location.
e Fray (Level Two) — The werewolf can

is taught by a Cat-spirit.
ere is no mandatory point cost or roll for this

amount, they take their first actions simultaneously.

@ True Fear (Level Two) — The Ahroun can overwhelm
a particular foe with the magnitude of his power, scaring the
fool into inaction. This Gift is taught by a Fear-spirit.

System: The player rolls Strength + Intimidation (difficulty of
the target's Willpower). Each success cows the enemy forone turn;
the victim cannot attack and may try to retreat. He may defend
himself and otherwise act normally (though he will be scared).

¢# Heart of Fury (Level Three) — The Ahroun can lock away
hisangerin order tomaintain control, allowing him tofreely fightand
utilize Rage without as much chance of going into frenzy. However,
once the floodgates are opened, his anger may well overpower him as
it returns. This Gift is taught by a Bear- or Wolf-spirit.

System: The player rolls Willpower, difficulty of his own
permanent Rage. Every two successes add one to the werewolf's
frenzy difficulties for the scene. Once the scene has passed, the
Ahroun's anger returns in force; he must spend one Willpower
point or immediately make a frenzy check at regular difficulty.

4@ Silver Claws (Level Three) — Few Ahroun care to rely
on silver bullets to put down renegade Garou; a more deadly
option isto turn one's ownclaws intosilverand letinstinct take
over. This Gift is taught by a Lune.


QO
SZ

System: The playerrolls Gnosis (difficulty 7). Success
transmutes the werewolf claws into silver, allowing her
to inflict aggravated damage which can't be soaked by
Garou. However, silver hvets. Each tum that her claws
remainsilver, she gainsan automatic Rage point;further-
more, all noncombat difficulties are increased by one
because of the distraction. When her Rage points
exceed her Willpower, she must check for frenzy.
‘w Clenched Jaw (Level Four) — The
Ahroun's jaws can become a virtual bear trap,
almostimpossible to pry loose without the Ahroun's
consent. This Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.
System: The Ahroun must successfully bite
his foe; after this, the player spends a Rage point
to make his grip unbreakable. For each successive
turn he opts to maintain the grip, he makes a bite
attack roll (difficulty 3). While foes can make a
resisted Strength roll to break the grip, the Garou
may add half her Willpower to her Dice Pool.
‘w Stoking Fury's Furnace (Level Four) — The
werewolf with this Gift has learned to use his Rage
as efficiently as possible, and can draw an incred-
ible amount of power from its reserves. This Gift
is taught by a Wolverine-spirit.
System: The Garou regains one Rage point every
turn in which he takes a Health Level of damage, and
need not check for frenzy. Inaddition, the Garoucan
spend one Rage point per turn without losing that
point. However, if more than one Rage point is
spent that turn, the point is lost normally.
‘ Strength of Will (Level Five) — An Ahroun
with this Gift can inspire his comrades so fiercely, they'd
follow her through Perdition itself ifneed arose. This Gift
is taught by a Wolf-spirit or an Incarna avatar.
System: The player spends a point of Willpower
and rolls Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 8). Each
success gives each of the Ahroun'sallies within 100
feet a bonus point of Willpower; this extra Will-
power lasts for the rest of the scene. These points
are used like any other, but can raise the ally's
Willpoweraboveitsmaximumorevenabove
10. This Gift may be used only once
per scene.

‘w Sun Dance (Level Five) —
The werewolf calls on his ties to the
sun, becoming immune to all natural
forms of fire (although artificial fires like gas
fires can still harm him). Additionally, the werewolf can
ignite small parts of his body and keep them burning for
extended periods. Ahroun most commonly use this Gift to light
their manes during rituals, but they can also light claws,
fangs, arms or whatever. These flames are approxi-

mately as intense as those of a torch. This Gift is
taught by a fire elemental or Sun-spirit.

Werewolf: The Wild West


SO

KAAS

<i

SSSSSSSSS RZ

System: The player spends one Gnosis point. Artificial fires
do half damage to the Ahroun; natural (even mystical, if from
a "pure" source such as an elemental Gift) do nothing at all.
The effects last for one scene.

Tribe Gifts

Tribal Gifts are part of a great reservoir of tribal lore, main-
tained and guarded by each tribe. A Garou tends to learn tribal
Gifts from spirit servants of his tribal totem, often called that
totem's "Brood." Thesesecretsand specialties are zealously guarded
by tribal elders, and rightly seen as the heritage ofall loyal sons and
daughters of the tribe. A werewolf must be on very good terms with
a foreign tribe (or at least with a packmate of that tribe) to learn
that tribe's Gifts, and she had better be able to convince the spirit
teacher that she won't dishonor said tribe by misusing its Gifts.

Black Furies

Women have been mythically tied to the wilderness, and
the Black Furies are able to take strength from this bond in,
Their Gifts reflect their affinity for wild and Wyld alil

w Sense Wyrm (Level One) — As the Level One M,

‘w Song of the Seasons (Level One) — The wild
mistress. By calling the Mother into her heart, a Eu
the worst effects of weather and season. No matt
sun or bitter the wind, the Fury feels as comfortab
time. This Gift is taught by a Weather-spirit.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point; the protectiot
lasts for one day. With this Gift in action, the werewolf remai:
immune to extremes of temperature, so long as those extrem
aren't severe enough to be considered attacks. The Gift al§o
raises the damage difficulty of environmental attacks (i
storms, bonfires, cold winds) from 6 to 7. This Gift protects
against temperatures only; it offers no defense against explo-
sion, earthquake or tornado damage.

wKoneel (Level Two) — By pointingafingerorclawata target
(usually male), a Fury can force him to his knees. He may cuss up
astorm, but unless he's a strong-willed bastard, there's nothing he
can do but kneel. This Gift is taught by one of Pegasus' Brood.

System: The Fury rolls Manipulation + Intimidation against the
subject's current Willpower rating. Her target falls to his knees
unless he spends a Gnosis point to resist the Gift's effects. Other
supernatural creaturescan spend spirit energy (Blood, Quintessence
or Glamour) to rise to their feet, but mortals remain helpless. The
Gift lasts for one turn per success, and doesn't work on spirit beings.

‘e Sense of the Prey (Level Two) — The werewolf, ifshe knows
anything about her prey (mortal or spirit), can unfailingly track it
downas rapidly asshe can travel. She can track anywhere, salt desert,
prairie or Storm Umbra alike, although an Umbral storm can erase
the trail. This Gift is taught by a Wolf- or Dog-spirit.

System: Noroll is required unless the target isactively hiding,

in which case the player rolls Perception + Enigmas,
difficulty of the target's Wits + Stealth. If the target is
aspirit, the difficulty is the spirit's Gnosis.

Chapter

‘¥ Devil Talons (Level Three) — By calling her Rage to
the surface, a Black Fury may turn her claws barbed and
venomous. Rakes from these vicious talons burn for hours. This
Gift is taught by a Pain-spirit.

System: The Garou spends one Rage point with each attack.
Her claws inflict their usual damage, but any Health Level
penalty caused by their attacks is doubled for the scene'sduration
(i.e., a Wounded enemy would suffer a -4 penalty instead of the
usual -2). This Gift works normally even if the target is frenzied.

‘@ Spirit Ripper (Level Three) — The Furies are one with
the Wyld in many ways. By channeling that kinship into a blast
of pure chaos, a werewolf may shred a spirit's essence, scattering
its power to the Umbral winds. Sadly, this power does nothing
against Wyld-spirits; it can be pretty effective against Wyrm
and Weaver ones, though. This Gift is taught by a Wyld-spirir.
System: The Fury rolls her current Gnosis against difficulty
ach success reduces a spirit's Power by three (i.e., a spirit hit
three-success attack loses nine Power points). Each attack
the Garou one Gnosis point. The Armor Charm cannot
mtsthis damage. Unless the spirit is materialized, Spirit
rks only in the Umbra. It will not harm material
ny way, although possessed ones (mockeries and the

ejageravated Health Level per success.
th of Mother Gaia (Level Four) — Furies

ealing powers, a Fury can dispel the worst effects of Wyrm-taint

f  andinjure the creatures of corruption. A cool breeze blows across

the mortal and spirit worlds alike when this Gift is used.

System: The Fury rolls her permanent Gnosis and spends
one point per success. The roll's difficulty depends on how
corrupted the area is.

Corruption Difficulty
Mildly Tainted (a battlefield) 6
Tainted (fomori bunks) x
Corrupted (a Wyrm-cult's lodge) 8
Blighted (an Umbral Blight) 9

Hopeless (an Anchorhead to Malfeas) 10

The presence of Wyrm-creatures in the area raises the
difficulty by one (maximum 10).

Each success reduces the corruption by one level. The Heal-
ing covers an area roughly 100 feet by 100 feet; a Fury can spend
double the Gnosis to heal twice that area. While the Gift's
effects aren't immediately noticeable, the place begins to "re-
cover" from the Wyrm's effects. In time, the Penumbra reshapes
itself into a more "neutral" state. Any Wyrm-creature caught
within a 20-foot radius of the Garou when she casts the Gift
suffers one aggravated Health Level (nonsoakable) per success.

+@ Wasp Talons (Level Four) — The Fury can actually fire
her claws from her fingertips, cutting down her foes from a
distance. The werewolf is incapable of using this Gift or making
aclaw attack next turn, for her claws must actually regenerate.
This Gift is taught by a Wasp-spirit.

Six: Traits


OXI

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Brawl. Damage is calcu-
latedasforan ordinary clawattack, while chedifficulty isdetermined
by range as though the Garou were usinga firearm. Medium range
(no modifier) is 20 yards; double this range (40 yards) is the
farthest the claws can be hurled, and the difficulty increases by
one. On the other hand, attacks made at targets within a yard of
the Fury are considered "point-blank" (difficulty 4).

‘w Beast Witch (Level Five) — Like the witches of legend,
some Black Furies can assume the shapes of animals. This Gift
allows a warrior to become any normal beast from a dove to a
buffalo. The animal's powers (flight, speed, gills, etc.) come with
the form. Animal totems pass this Gift to worthy Furies, and
might revoke the favor if a wolf forgets her kinship to the Wyld.

System: The Fury spends a Gnosis point and rolls Dexterity
+ Animal Ken. The difficulty depends on the animal she
chooses; human-sized ones are easy (6), while radical changes
in size or mass are difficult (7+).

‘@ Wyldstorm (Level Five) — By harnessing the raging
currents of the Storm Umbra, a Fury with this Gift unleashes

atempest in the mortal world. It's a dangerous trick to use; first,
she must step sideways, exposing herself to the Umbral wins
Next, she sings the maelstrom into a shape, then brin
shape through the Gauntlet. The resulting storm la
moments at best, but tears anything in its path to b
System: The Garou must be "sideways" to.use.thit
she rolls her Manipulation+"ERtg
Gauntlet. Next, she spends one_R
Success summons a storm of the Sto oosing
player's). Obviously, the tempest's length and severity depend
on the number of successes scored; the nature of the storm can
be as wildly inappropriate as the energies that create it (ice
storms in the desert, lightning ona sunny day, that sort of thing).

Bone Gnawers

The often underestimated Bone Gnawers have no poorer a
spiritual presence than any other tribe; in fact, they often prove
capable of getting by in places any other Garou would find
completely inhospitable. Their Gifts allow them to eke out a
meager living where no other could find food, and help them
survive the most impossible of situations.

‘w Odious Aroma (Level One) — The use of musk has long
been a defense in the wild. With this Gift, the Garou can
greatly amplify her own natural body odor, creating a debilitat-
ing stench. This Gift is taught by a Stinkbug- or Skunk-spirit.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point. For the dura-
tion of thescene, all beings within 20 feet of the Garou (provided
they possess olfactory organs) subtract one from all Dice Pools as
they choke and retch. However, the Garou subtracts two fromall
his Social Dice Pools and may be ostracized for the duration.

Stone Soup (Level One) — A Bone Gnawer with
nothing more than this Gift, a few drops of water and a small
pot can create food from even twigs and rocks. By placing
whatever smallish objects he can find in the pot and adding

opponent,

Werewolf: The Wild West

enough water to moisten them, the Gnawer creates an edible
(if rather rancid to the tongue) gruel. This Gift is taught by a
Raccoon- or Rat-spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Wits + Survival. The difficulty
depends on the objects used — 6 for twigs and deadwood, 7 for
small, harmless pebbles, and up to 10 for cyanide and the like.

* Cornered Rat (Level Two) — When a Garou is backed
into a corner with nowhere to run to, she can either give up or
fight. This Gift allows the Garou to focus her Rage and lash out
at her opponents.

System: The player spends one Rage point and rolls Strength
+ Intimidation (difficulty 8). Each success grants her an
additional die to her Brawl Dice Pools. When using this Gift,
the werewolf automatically enters into a Berserk frenzy. This
Gift lasts until combat is over or the frenzy ends.

Hide in Plain Sight (Level Two) — As the Level Two
Ragabash Gift.

‘W Gift of the Termite (Level Three) — The Gnawer can
whistle up wood rot of the worst kind, decaying even the stoutest

lumber ina matter of seconds. This Gift is taught by a Termite-spirit.

er rolls Intelligence + Crafts (difficulty 7)
int. The number of successes deter-
ted. One success rots a hitching
es collapses part of a floor, and five
idge.

el Three) — As the Level Three

Talons (Level Four) — When using this Gift, the
¢ e her claws to glass. Upon clawing an
glass talons tear through flesh and bone, break-
ing off in the target's wounds. The Garou is incapable of using
this Gift or making a claw attack next turn, for her claws must
actually regenerate. This Gift is taught by a Pain-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point to make the
change. If the Garou using this Gift damages her target with a
claw attack, her claws break off, leaving large shards in the
open wounds. The glass does an additional aggravated Health
Level of damage every round the shards remain in the wound.
The glass can be removed, but this takes a full turn, and the
victim can't be running around or fighting.

4# Run for Ground (Level Four) — When scouting out the
area, a Bone Gnawer quickly picks up on the nooks and crannies
where good hiding places are available...just in case. By using this
Gift, the Gnawer can duck into a shaded area (behind a barn,
into an empty barrel) and pop out in another shady area some
distance away. This Gift is taught by a Prairie dog-spirit.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Stealth (difficulty 6). For every success scored,
the Garou may increase the distance he reappears by 20 yards —
one success and he reappears 20 yards away; 2 successes, 40

yards; etc.). He cannot reappear in plain sight — he
must emerge from another likely hiding place. *


‘@ Survivor (Level Five) — The frontier and wilderness
are sometimes more than a match for even the heartiest of
Garou — but then again, the Garou are a versatile bunch.
This Gift grants temporary immunity to many environmen-
tal effects, such as pressure or temperature variations. The
Garou is also immune to disease and poison, as well as any
corrupting effects from the touch of Wyrm entities. This Gift
is taught by a Bear-spirit.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Stamina + Survival (difficulty 7); the effects last one day per
success. She does not need to eat, drink or rest, and she gains
three extra points of Stamina, even if this takes the Attribute
over 10. She also ignores wound penalties. In addition, when-
evershe is about to die or be defeated, she automatically regains
one Willpower point.

‘w Gluttony (Level Five) — The Bone Gnawer can open
his jaws far wider than is normally physically possible, and can
swallow things or beings whole. A werewolf with this Gift is
even capable of gulping down an entire buffalo, ora whole pack
of Black Spiral Dancers, only to regurgitate the creatures lat

System: The player rolls Stamina + Primal-Urg
culty 8). Beings can resist with Dexterity + Dodge. lit
of avery large being or object, one extra success is
every Health Level the target possesses beyond
seven, or for every extra three feet in size ov
Gnawer (obviously, Crinos form is best for th
lowed objects/beings wind up in the Umbr:
that is a mystical "stomach" of the glutton,
belch these objects out later. The werewo
in this mystical stomach for a numb
Stamina; after this time, the Garou automati
tates them back into the physical world. The objects ap
next to the Garou, and are unharmed.

Children of Gaia

The Children of Gaia believe the Goddess has charged
them with bringing peace to the world and showing the Garou
that the path of hatred and war only serves the Wyrm. They
recognize the unity of all life as part of Gaia. Their Gifts heal
and calm or rouse nature to their aid.

‘w Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the Level One
Theurge Gift.

‘w Resist Pain (Level One) — As the Level One Philodox
Gift.

*w Calm (Level Two) — The werewolf can pull the hate
right out of a body. This Gift is taught by a Unicorn-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Empathy (difficulty of the target's Willpower).
Each success removes one of the target's Rage points, though
lost Rage can be regained normally.

‘w Luna's Armor (Level Two) — The werewolf
invokes the moon's sacred powers of protection to
repel hisenemy'sattacks. This Gift is taught by a Lune.

Chapter Six: Traits

System: The werewolf concentrates for one tur; the player
spends a Gnosis point and rolls Stamina + Survival (difficulty
6). Each success allows the Garou to add one to his Stamina for
the purpose of soaking damage (including damage from silver).
The effect lasts for one scene.

tw Dazzle (Level Three) — The werewolf can flood a
target's senses with visions of Gaia's true splendor. This Gift is
taught by a Unicorn-spirit.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy (difficulty of
the target's Willpower). As long as the target is not attacked,
he stands mutely in awe for the remainder of the scene. This
Gift may only be attempted once per target per scene.

‘@ Spirit Friend (Level Three) — The werewolf has
learned to project a feeling of tranquillity and friendship that
spirits naturally perceive. Save for the mad or corrupt, spirits
treat the Garou with courtesy. This Gift is taught by Unicorn-
spirits.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Expression (difficulty
7); each success adds one die to all the Garou's Dice Pools for

U ing with any spirits in the vicinity (except those of the
e effect lasts for one scene.

d of the Wilds (Level Four) — As the Level Four
Lupus Gift.

w Serenity (Level Four) — The Child of Gaia can sing out
the rage in people's hearts, even bringing shapechangers, vampires
out of frenzies. This Gift is taught by Unicorn-spirits.
rt er spends a Gnosis pointand rolls Charisma

py. of the target's Willpower). The target is
g t all for one turn per success. What's
rget cannot frenzy while this Gift is in effect.
ia's Balm (Level Five) —The werewolfisable toend the
Suffering of mad spirits in the Storm Umbra. The Gift may restore
thespirittosanity, or destroy it. This Giftonly works on spirits that
have been driven mad; it has no effect on Wyrm-spirits.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and one
Willpower point and rolls Charisma + Enigmas (difficulty 8).
Each success strips 10 Power from the spirit; when the spirit
reaches zero Power, the Child of Gaia can opt to cure it
(restoring it to full Power and cleansing it of its madness) or, if
such a cure is impossible (Storyteller's option), to destroy it.

tw Halo of the Sun (Level Five) — The Child of Gaia
speaks an old word sacred to the Sun and is immediately
surrounded by a sphere of blazing sunlight. Those Wyrm-
creatures who fear the sun may flee before the brightly shining
Garou. This Gift is taught by a spirit allied to Helios, the Sun
Celestine.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point; the effect lasts
for one scene. The damage of any of the werewolf's hand-to-
hand attacks is increased by two dice; alternately, the Garou
can cause aggravated damage when in Homid or Glabro form.
Anyone directly facing the werewolf adds three to all attack
difficulties because of the glare, and any vampires within 20
yards suffer damage as if exposed to true sunlight.


SSS

The Fianna have strong ties to the spirit world as a result of
their ancient mystic heritage. The greatest allies of the Fianna
are the faeries of the Old World, but their aid and teachings are
lost to the Fianna of the Savage West.

‘w Persuasion (Level One) — As the Level One Homid Gift.

‘w Resist Toxin (Level One) — The Fianna have a long
practice of brewing whatever they can find to come up with
new forms of libations. Sometimes this has meant a fresh batch
of hooch that was outright dangerous — but the Fianna have
learned to adapt. A Garou with this Gift takes no damage from
poisons or diseases of any sort, including many Wyrm-toxins.
Some Toad-spirits and Plant-spirits may teach this Gift.

System: The Garou rolls Stamina + Survival (difficulty 6)
to resist the disease or poison; only one success is required.

w Glib Tongue (Level Two) — Some people only hear
what they want to hear, and this Gift lets a Fianna help them

along by making anything she says what the target wants tog!

hear. Whatever the werewolf says, even gibberish, will
heartily agreed with, although only the target of the Gift
know what she thinks the Garou is saying. (The Garou
have a clue what the target thinks she's saying.) Any one.
many Trickster-spirits may teach this Gift.

+ Expression (difficulty of the victim's Wits + Alertness), '
effects last for one turn per success.
‘w Howl of the Banshee (Level Two) — The Fiann:
that the wail of the Banshee, a terrifying spirit of the dea
means that someone will die before the sun rises. A Garo)
learns this Gift may emit an unnatural howl whi
echo across the Gauntlet, filling all who heaflit with drea
whether they recognize its significance or not: To learn this
Gift, a Fianna must seek outa Banshee where theMiddle Lands
touch the Underworld.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point; the ai
throws back his head and howls. All who hear the howl, (re
or foe, must make Willpower rolls (difficulty 8; 6 for friends of
the Garou) or flee in terror for one turn per success.

W Prospector's Luck (Level Three) — In the Old World,
the Fianna learned how to find the secret places where faeries
hid riches in the earth. This Gift allows a Garou to sense
deposits of gold and silver within a general area (a couple of
mile radius). This Gift is taught by Rock-spirits.

System: The player spends a point of Willpower and rolls
Perception + Alertness (difficulty 7). Each success gives the
Garou more information. For example, a single success would
let the Fianna know that valuable minerals are in the area; two
successes would indicate the type, while three would give the
Fianna a general indication of where the precious metal was
located. With five successes, the Garou could walk over to a
stream bed and pluck outa gold-covered rock. This Gift cannot
locate gold or silver in an area where the metals aren't present.
Fianna can only attempt this Gift once in any given place.

184

w Reshape Object (Level Three) — As the Level Three
Homid Gift.

‘w Balor's Gaze (Level Four) — When a Fianna invokes
this Gift, one of her eyes emits a baleful crimson glow, seeming
to burn with the fires of damnation. Anyone without the
resolve to meet Balor's Gaze without flinching suffers wracking
pains. A Pain-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and one Rage
point, and rolls Perception + Occult (difficulty 8). For the
remainder of the scene, any enemy at whom the Fianna
glances must equal or exceed the Garou's successes on a
Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or double over in agony. Such
a foe is treated as "Crippled" (-5 to actions) for the scene,
even though the foe takes no actual wounds. Already
Crippled enemies are effectively Incapacitated. If a foe
successfully resists, she is immune to the Gift for the dura-

jirage (Level Four) — This Gift conjures a static
which can fully affect all senses. Mirage-spirits, Water-
and Trickster-spirits may teach this Gift.

stem: The player spends one Gnosis point for each 10-
covered by the illusion and rolls Intelligence +
fficulty 6). All in the vicinity must match or
exceed the number of successes with a Perception + Alertness
roll (difficulty 6) or believe that the illusion is real.

‘@ Gift of the Spriggan (Level Five) — The Garou may

grow up to three times her normal size or shrink to the size of
a small puppy. Chimerlings teach this Gift.
System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
mina + Primal-Urge (difficulty 8). The effects last one
ir per success. When larger, the Garou gains +3 Strength
ximum of 10) and one extra Health Level for every
{00% increase in size: When smaller, the Garou retains her
jormal Strength and abilities, but her Lupus form is as
innocuous as a puppy.

w Warp-Fury (Level Five) — The Fianna can channel all
his power into a desperate frenzy, the likes of which normal
humans have never seen — and lived. The werewolf draws
some of his own blood and tastes it to enter this state. Once he's
been driven into this frenzy, not even armies stand much of a
chance of stopping him.

System: The player spends three Rage points and rolls
Stamina + Primal-Urge, difficulty 4. The Fianna goes into
a warp-frenzy for one turn for each success. While in this
frenzied state, the Fianna takes no penalties from wounds,
gains +4 Strength, +3 Dexterity, +4 Stamina and three
extra Bruised Health Levels — all above and beyond any
normal Attribute modifiers for forms. In addition, he
regains at least one Rage point per turn. At the end of this
frenzy, the Fianna takes five Health Levels of aggravated
damage — that can't be soaked. If he survives, his
Rage and Willpower drop to 1 each until he's
rested for four hours. i)

Werewolf: The Wild West


Get of Fenris

The Get are violently protective of what they call their own, and consider themselves
the finest warriors of the Garou. Their Gifts either aid them in battle or allow them to take
good care of their beloved homesteads.

‘w Razor Claws (Level One) — As the Level One Ahroun Gift.

‘w Safe Haven (Level One) — The Garou employing this Gift knows if anything
suffering a Wyrm-taint come onto his property. This Gift is taught by an Owl-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis to establish this early warning system, and one
Gnosis per day to maintain it. To detecta Wyrmling entering the area, the character rolls
Wits + Perception (difficulty 7). Each success allows the character to more
clearly sense where the threat is coming from; one success might tell him that
athreat is coming from the east, whereas five successes could pinpoint the
exact location of the threat.

‘w Cry of the Killer (Level Two) — The werewolf lets out a fearsome
roar, terrifying opponents and cowing them into submission. Garou
hearing the roar are often cowed into submission; humans are flooded with
racial memories of the Impergium and are often overcome with instinctive.
terror. This Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: This Gift works automatically against humans and
animals. Any humans seeing the Garou after hear-
ing this cry react as if their Willpower were only
2 for purposes of the Delirium Chart. Against
supernatural opponents, the Garou
rolls Charisma + Intimidation (dif-
ficulty of the target's Wits + 3).
Each success removes one
from the number of dice
the opponent can use in
the next turn, as the vic-
timisoverwhelmed with
fear. This Gift takes a
full turn to invoke.

w Halt the
Coward's Flight (Level
Two) — The Garou
may slow his fleeing
foes, preventing them
from escaping his wrath.
This Gift is taught by one
of Fenris' brood.

System: The Garou spends a
turn concentrating; the player rolls
Charisma + Intimidation against a
difficulty of the target's Willpower. If
successful, the Garou may halve the
speed of that individual for one scene.

‘w Might of Thor (Level Three) —
The Get draws on incredible strength,
wreaking terrible damage on his oppo-
nents. This Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: The player spends one
Gnosis point and one Rage point;

& hethenrolls Willpower, difficulty.


The Garou's Strength doubles for one turn per success. Afterward,
the character is exhausted (Physical Attributes 1, and Willpower
halved) until he can rest for at least one hour.

‘w Rage of Fenris (Level Three) — The werewolf calls on
Fenris, summoning Strength and Rage from the Wolf-God and
striking at his enemies with increased fury. This Gift is taught
by an avatar of Fenris.

System: This Gift may only be used when a Get is outnumbered
and facing Sener odds. The a pends two Gnosis and

foe ae an
=~

'— The Garou Plants herself

the very force of Gaia through

ewith the earth. She may not

spot, and no force on Earth
wtremendous benefits in exchange.

Only when all are defeated may the Garou leave her

chosen area. This Gift is taught by an earth elemental.

System: The player rolls Willpower, difficulty 8. Each success
increases all the Get's Dice Pools by one; she may not be surprised
and all attacks against her are considered frontal attacks.

4w Roar of Vengeance (Level Four) — The werewolf howls
at an opponent with impossible force, shattering bones and
bruising flesh. This Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and one Will-
power point. He must also make a Rage roll, difficulty 6. Each
success causes two levels of aggravated damage to one opponent.
This Gift may only be used against minions of the Wyrm, and
any attempts to use the Gift improperly cause the character to
suffer the damage he would have inflicted, in addition to costing
the character one permanent Glory renown.

‘w Fenris Bite (Level Five) — The Get's teeth become
incredibly sharp and her jaws impossibly strong, allowing her
to mangle limbs or even sever them completely. This Gift is
taught by an avatar of Fenris.

System: The playerspends one Rage point and rolls Strength
+ Medicine against a difficulty of the opponent's Stamina + 3.
The Garou's next bite, if it hits, will crush and mangle one of
the opponent's limbs, inflicting one additional level of damage
above what the character rolls. The target's limb is effectively
useless for the remainder of the scene, or longer if the target
can't regenerate. If five or more successes are scored on the
Strength + Medicine roll, the limb is completely severed.

‘w Honorable Death (Level Five) —The Garou chooses to
win against an opponent no matter the odds, and calls on
Fenris for aid. The Garou continues fighting long after he
should be dead, and doesn't fall until his enemy (or enemies)
dies with him. Obviously, this Gift is only ever used once. This
Gift is taught by an avatar of Fenris.

156

Werewolf: The Wild West

System: The Garou concentrates for one full turn, and then
expends all of his Gnosis in summoning Fenris' favor. Once
that's done, he suffers no penalties for his wounds, and won't fall
until his foe is dead. Despite the power of this Gift, the Get can't
seek an enemy he is notalready in direct combat with atthe time.
Once the battle is over, an avatar of Fenris comes down to devour
the body of the dead hero, taking all of his worldly possessions
with him. This Gift is only used when the character is already at
the brink of death, with no alternative for winning the battle.
Improper use of this Gift (i.e., attempting to settle a personal
vendetta instead of battling a minion of the Wyrm) immediately
kills the Garou who attempts to summon Fenris.

Iron Riders

The Iron Riders have a surprisingly accepting outlook on
the Weaver and her works, andas such have embraced modern
technology wholeheartedly. Their Gifts grant them power
over steam and iron, machinery and Weaver-spirits.

‘w Control Simple Machine (Level One) — The Iron Rider
can perceive and speak to the spirits in simplistic machines,
ordering them around to the Iron Rider's tastes. He can compel
doors to unbolt, hinges to swing open or shut, levers to flip and
so on. This Gift is taught by any technological spirit.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Manipulation + Crafts (difficulty p- The werewolfs control

:) — This Gift allows the
| influence of the Weaver.
ds to manifest as a thick oily
kin, as if the Garou had just

werewolf to sense the pri
The sense is supernatural, bu
smell or a sticky feeling

walked through cobye

depends on the concentra
ment. Sensing a hidden u
g 7 tdiffcaly 9).

aver-influence.
e werewolf can tempo-
d measure of

the Iron Rider. auffers a +1 difficulty to all Dexterity ah

* Pulse of the Railroad (Level Two) — The Garou with
this Gift has learned the ways of the Weaver-spirits and can
commune with them. By placing her ear againsta railroad track,
she can hear anything happening anywhere along that rail as if
she were actually there. An Iron-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: By rolling Perception + Science, the

werewolf can attempt to listen to the Iron-spirits in


the rail. The difficulty depends on the distance away from the
target area. The difficulty starts at 4 with a range of 20 miles,
and increases by one for every 10 miles beyond 20 (40 miles
would be difficulty 6, etc.). The number of successes also
reflects the amount of details the Garou can discern from the
Iron-spirits' constant chatter.

w Repel Metal (Level Three) — The Iron Riders were the
first tribe to learn about the force of magnetism, and have
tapped its power to suit their own ends. With a mere gesture,
the werewolf can repel all ferrous metals in his immediate area,
sending them flying.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Strength
+ Science, difficulty 7. All objects made of ferrous metal within
30 feet of the Iron Rider immediately fly 20 feet farther away
from the Garou. This is no good against lead bullets or klaives,
but works very well against pistols and knives. The Garou can
repel objects weighing up to five pounds for every success on the
roll; three successes repel any iron or steel weighing 15 pounds
or less, for instance. If an object is in somebody's grasp (drawn
pistols, for instance), the object's owner can try to hold onto it
by making a resisted Strength roll against the Iron Rider.

‘w Reshape Object (Level Three) — As the Level
Homid Gift.

W Double Walker (Level Four) — The Iron
take the exact likeness of a particular human or
another werewolf. This is taught by a spirit of ilu:

System: The player spends one Gnosis
Charisma + Performance (difficulty 8); thé'et
day per success.

‘v Gift of the Iron Horse (Level Four) —
the rails of a railroad line, the Iron Rider cami
strength of the locomotive itself. ff

System: This Gift need not be activated; its effects are
automatic once learned. The Garou can run at double speed
without tiring, and gains an extra die to all her Physical
Attributes while touching railroad tracks. When on open
ground, her abilities return to normal.

‘w Calm the Flock (Level Five) — The Iron Rider can
actually walk among humans without accidentally evoking the
Curse or the Delirium. This Gift allows him to maintain a
"normal" life or evena family; however, the effects don't last all
that long. This Gift is taught by a homid Ancestor-spirit.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge (diffi-
culty 7). The number of successes indicates the number of
hours that the effect lasts.

W Quell the Storm (Level Five) — As the favored tribe of
the Weaver, Iron Riders are actually capable of imposing order
oneven the Storm Umbra. This Gift allows an Iron Rider elder
to calm and even dispel Umbral storms by countering their
Wyld energies with the power of the Weaver. Naturally,

several tribes, the Black Furies and Red Talons in

particular, resent werewolves who use this Gift to
advance the Weaver's influence.

System: The player spends two Gnosis and rolls Gnosis,
difficulty 8. The number of successes determines how effective
this Gift is; one success can slow a strong Umbral wind down
or banish an Umbral breeze, while five successes can convert a
full-blown Umbral storm into dead calm ina matter of seconds.
Ifused against Wyld-spirits, the roll is against a difficulty of the
spirit's Gnosis, and the spirit loses four Power for every success.
The werewolf cannot use this Gift more than once against the
same storm or spirit.

Red Talons

The all-lupus Red Talons enjoy powerful ties to the wilder-
ness, and have learned several Gifts to revenge themselves
against human depredations.

‘w Beast Speech (Level One) — As the Level One Galliard
Gift.
of the Hunter (Level One) — Of all Garou, Red
Bsest to their wolf brethren. This Gift allowsa Red
he same way as a wild wolf. The Garou can
and determine which are the strongest and
s. This Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit, or a

ayer rolls Perception + Primal Urge (diffi-
ful, the Red Talon learns which individual
which is weakest in the group she watches. If
Ou subsequently attacks this group, she gains one extra
ick die against the weakest individual only.

‘@ Beastmind (Level Two) — The Garou can reduce the
mental faculties of a target to those of an animal for a short
time. The victim doesn't necessarily become less intelligent,
but human thinking (logic, mathematics, language and the
like) becomes impossible. This Gift is taught by an avatar of
Griffin.

System: The Garou rolls Manipulation + Empathy against
a difficulty of the target's Willpower. The target is affected for
one turn per success.

‘@ Primal Howl (Level Two) — This Gift enables the Red
Talon to evoke deep-rooted fear in her enemies. The werewolf's
howl sounds as if it comes from several wolves (or Garou),
giving even Wyrm-creatures reason to pause.

System: The Garou rolls Stamina + Expression (difficulty
7). If the roll is successful, anyone who wishes to approach the
Garou must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) to overcome
instinctive fear. Each success after the first makes it sound as if
there is an additional howler and adds one to the difficulty of
the Willpower roll (maximum difficulty of 10).

‘@ Dust Squall (Level Three) — Developed by the
desert-dwelling Red Talons beyond the frontier, this new
Gift is otherwise not widely known. The werewolf can call
up a small twister of wind and sand to blind or scare
opponents. The wind is not large enough to knock full-sized
targets over, but will cause them some distress. This Gift is
taught by a spirit of the great desert.

Chapter Six: Traits 187


OXX

System: The Garou spends a Gnosis point and rolls Charisma
+ Primal-Urge, difficulty 6. Each success means the squall "at-
tacks" the Talon's opponents for one turn. Opponents besieged by
the squall add two to the difficulty of all dice rolls, and communi-
cation and vision become almost impossible over any distance.
‘w Trackless Waste (Level Three) — This Gift allows a
Garou who is at home ina certain area of wilderness (has spent
some time hunting and sleeping there) to disorient others who
enter the region. Humans and other travelers are completely
confused by this Gift, losing their bearings and becoming lost.
Compasses and maps only serve to confuse the issue fur-
ther, and even werewolves aren't immune. This Gift is
taught by any wilderness spirit.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Intelligence + Primal-Urge (difficulty 6; 7 against lupus). He
may affect up to a two-mile radius for every success. Other
werewolves can avoid the effects by rolling Intelligence +

Primal-Urge themselves and obtaining equal or more suc-

cesses than the Red Talon. Humans and creatures of the
Wyrm get no such chance. The effect lasts for four hours.

W Quicksand (Level Four) — The Red Talon turns the
surrounding area into an unstable and viscous substance which
entrapsand hinders her foes. The hapless victims can suffocate

if not rescued. The Gift is taught by earth elementals.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Primal-Urge against a difficulty of 7. Each
success converts a 10-foot area of ground into dangerous
muck. Anyone in the area but the Garou has their move-
ment halved; weak individuals begin tosink. Trapped targets
can't attempt any activities requiring speed or balance, and
they may eventually suffocate.

w Sandstorm (Level Four) — A torrent of stinging and
blinding sand encompasses the enemies of the Garou. This
Gift is best performed in the desert, but can be attempted in
any area with loose dirt, twigs, sleet or the like. This Gift is
taught by a Desert-spirit or elemental.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Ma-
nipulation + Survival (difficulty 7 in the desert; 9 anywhere
else). The number of successes determines the number of
minutes in which the targets can do nothing but cover them-
selves and shelter as best they can from the stinging sand. A
botch indicates that the Talon himself is caught in the blast.
‘w Gaia's Vengeance (Level Five) — The Garou calls upon
her intimate connection to Gaia, inspiring the land itself to
enact righteous vengeance on her foes. Trees, rocks and other
natural features hinder, hamper and batter the Garou's en-
emies while the Red Talon watches. It's said that an avatar of
Gaia Herself is the only spirit who teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and one Rage, and rolls
Charisma + Enigmas against a difficulty of the area's Gauntlet.
The Red Talon pleads with Gaia to cleanse the land, and

Gaia responds with whatever weapons the area has to

offer. The game effects are left to the Storyteller.

WE


‘@ Share the Wolf's Skin (Level Five) — The Talon can
completely transform another being into a wolf. If the target is a
Garou, he becomes trapped in his Lupus form for the duration of
the current scene. If the target is a human or animal, it becomes
anormal wolf forever. The Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: Theplayerspendsa Gnosis pointand rolls Gnosis against
adifficulty of the target's Willpower; she only needs one success.

Shadow Lords

The Shadow Lords are dark, brooding sorts who feel an
almost unconscious need for dominance and submission. Their
Gifts allow them to intimidate others, put them in their place,
or help weed out the weak and unfit.

‘w Aura of Confidence (Level One) — The werewolf seems
surrounded by a dark halo of strength and command. Others find it
impossible to read her aura or detect any of her weaknesses; she
revealsno flaws whatsoever. This Gift is taught by an Ancestor-spirit.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Subterfuge (diffic
This must be rolled for each new encounter Otsituation i
the Garou finds herself. be

‘ Fatal Flaw (Level One) — The Shadow
apart his enemy's weaknesses, gainitis

This Gift is taught by a Stormcrow.

System: The Garou concentrates for one
rolls Perception + Empathy (difficile
Subterfuge). Success allows the Garou to

damage against the target. Extra successes
additional vulnerabilities; five successes grai
edge of all the target's flaws. This knowledge lase§ for a scene.

‘@ Clap of Thunder (Level Two) — The Shadow Lord may
clap her hands together, generating a shockwave that can stun
unwary foes. This Gift is taught by a Stormcrow.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point. All those
within 10 feet of the Shadow Lord, friend and foe alike, must
score at least one success on a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or
be stunned and unable to act for one turn; ona botch, they are
stunned for the duration of the scene. The Garou must be in
Homid, Glabro or Crinos form to employ this power.

‘@ Luna's Armor (Level Two) — As the Level Two
Children of Gaia Gift.

w Icy Chill of Despair (Level Three) — The Shadow Lord
can appear to grow larger, becoming a shadowy, terrible ver-
sion of himself. This frightening change in aspect cows and
intimidates any onlookers. This Gift is taught by a Stormcrow.

System: The Garou concentrates for a turn; the player spends a
Gnosis point and rolls Manipulation + Intimidation (difficulty 7). If
successful, anyone who means the Shadow Lord harm and actually
sees this terrifying vision must score at least as many successes as the
Garou on a Willpower roll (difficulty 8). Failure means that the
victims must spend Willpower to attack, take action against or even

verbally oppose the Garou. The Shadow Lord holdsno power
over his victims; they're merely too spooked to offer him
any resistance. This effect lasts for the rest of the scene.

Chapter Six: Traits

%@ Shadow Cutting (Level Three) — The Shadow Lord
can wounda foe by striking his very shadow. This form of attack
is much more difficult to dodge, and can be a most convenient
attack form in some conditions — such as sundown. This Gift
is taught by a Night-spirit.

System: The werewolf must first spit into her opponent's
shadow and spend a Gnosis point. For the remainder of the
scene, the Shadow Lord may strike at her foe's shadow to wound
him. She may only use fetish weapons, silver or natural weaponry
such as claws to attack in this fashion; more mundane attacks
don't carry any impact. The victim has two fewer dice to dodge
attacks targeted at his shadow, and can't parry them at all. The
Storyteller may even give the shadow's attackers extra dice in
situations where the shadow prevents an even more convenient
target; for example, if the victim is standing in an alleyway out
of reach, but his shadow falls at the Garou's feet.

‘w Open Wounds (Level Four) — The Shadow Lord may
curse the next wound he inflicts on a target, making it bleed
ly. This Gift is taught by a Pain-spirit.

e player spends a Gnosis pointand rolls Strength
e (difficulty of the target's Stamina + 3). If the roll
he target bleeds, losing one Health Level per turn for

né*turn per success. This is not aggravated

fominator (Level Four) — The Garou,
amand, draws from another's anger to feed his
ght.by a Stormcrow.

" sas rolls Wits + Intimidation (difficulty of
the target's Willpower). For a number of turns equal to the
successes scored, the victim loses one Rage point per turn,
while the Shadow Lord gains that Rage point. This may be
attempted only once per target per scene.

‘w Shadow Pack (Level Five) — The werewolf may sum-
mona shadowy duplicate of himself, or even multiple shadows,
to stand beside him in battle. His shadow-duplicates possess
the same powers as he does, and can fight just as fiercely. This
Gift is taught by a spirit of Night or a Chimerling.

System: The player must spend a variable number of Gnosis
pointsand succeed in a Gnosis roll (difficulty 8). For each Gnosis
point spent, the Shadow Lord summons an exact duplicate of
himselfto fight by hisside. These Garou have identical Attributes
and Abilities, but not fetishes; they may not use Gnosis or
Willpower, and each has only one Health Level (any attack that
is not soaked destroys it). The shadow-Garou last for one scene.

‘@ Wounding Lies (Level Five) — Although Shadow
Lords have no qualms about bending the truth to serve their
own ends, they dislike being lied to, especially by lessers. This
Gift allows the werewolf to force truth from a subject; if the
target lies to the Garou, wounds appear across his body. He who
prevaricates, dies. This Gift is taught by a Pain-spirit.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Cha-
risma + Intimidation, difficulty of the subject's Willpower. If
he succeeds, the link is established. From then on, every fib


the subject tells inflicts a Health Level of aggravated damage
on the liar; this damage is not soakable. Even half-truths open
small, stinging but not life-threatening wounds. Garou may
overcome the effect by spending as much Gnosis as the
interrogator rolled successes. Unless the victim succeeds ata
Willpower roll, difficulty 8, he will probably start blurting out
the truth after the first wound or two — particularly if the
Shadow Lord tells him that keeping silent will kill him, too
(alie, but in most Shadow Lords' eyes, a justifiable one). This
Gifts lasts for a scene.

Silent Striders

The Silent Striders are no strangers to the Umbra, and their
skills of travel and survival are nigh-legendary. Their Gifts
make them fleet of foot and allow them access to places
untouchable by other Garou.

@ Sense Wyrm (Level One) — As the Level One Metis
Gift.

"@ Speed of Thought (Level One) — The Garou may double
her land speed. This Gift is taught by a Horse- or Roadrunner-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point; and the effect
lasts one scene.

W Hide in Plain Sight (Level Two) — As the Level Two
Ragabash Gift.

‘W Messenger's Fortitude (Le
tun foran extended period with
After this Gift expires, the Strid
week. This Gift is taught by Gameles
taught by Wolf-spirits in the Savage We 3

System: The playerspendsa point of Gnosis and the werewolf
may do nothing except run for the duration of the Gift. By
spending an additional Gnosis point, the player may bestow
Messenger's Fortitude on another being. The Gift lasts as many
days as the (breed form) Stamina of the character affected.

‘w Gaia's Resilience (Level Three) — The Garou adapts to
accommodate any surroundings. While under the effects of
this Gift, she is unaffected by pressure, temperature, atmo-
spheric conditions and other hostile environmental factors.
Poison and disease likewise have no effect on her, though she
may be harmed by concentrated flame or radiation. This Gift
is taught by Bear- and Armadillo-spirits.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Stamina
+ Survival (difficulty 7). The effects last for one hour per
success and may be extended by spending another Gnosis and
rolling again. The Garou may also bestow this Gift upon
another; each affected companion requires a Gnosis point
expenditure, as well.

‘w Leap the Chasm (Level Three) — The Strider can jump
incredible distances in one bound. This Gift is taught by
Jackrabbit-spirits.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Strength + Athletics (difficulty 6). Each success enables the
werewolf to leap 100 feet.

Werewolf: The Wild West

OO

4 Attunement (Level Four) — By standing in a particular
area of the wilderness, the character can commune with the
spirits of that area, thus getting an overview of what exists or has
happened in the area—rough population, secret trails, places of
note and so on. This Gift is taught by an Owl- or Fox-spirit.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Percep-
tion + Survival (difficulty 6). The amount of information
garnered depends on the number of successes. On a botch, the
spirits lie.

sw Windrunner (Level Four) — The werewolf may run at 10
times normal speed. The Garou must do nothing but run for the
duration of this Gift: eight full hours. After the effects of this Gift
wear off, the Strider is famished and must eat immediately or risk
frenzy (and worse... .). This Gift is taught by an Air-spirit or Lune.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Stamina
+ Athletics (difficulty 7). Failure means the Gift simply does
not work, while a botch only bestows the hunger of the
aftermath on the poor Garou....

‘@ Gate of the Moon (Level Five) — This power only works
at night when the moon is at least partially visible. The
werewolf opens a special, temporary Moon Bridge, which
allows instantaneous travel to her destination. This Gift is only
taught by Lunes.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point for every 100
. e Garou to travel, and rolls Intelligence +

ey,to an unknown place would
demand a diffic . Success enables the werewolf to
travel to that place instantly. Upon arrival, the Garou will be
disoriented for a turn unless the player scores at least three
successes. A botch means that the character is hurled through
the Umbra in a random direction, arriving far from his
destination (or somewhere inconvenient, like at the bottom
of a river). The Garou may take others with her at a Gnosis
cost of one per person.

*w Reach the Umbra (Level Five) — The Garou may pierce
the Gauntlet and instantly transport herself into or out of the
Umbraat will; she has no need fora reflective surface. This Gift
is taught by an Owl-spirit.

System: The Garou simply wills herself to step sideways.
She does not have to make a Gnosis roll and is never "caught"
while using this Gift.

Silver Fangs

The Silver Fangs are the kings of the Garou, and have the
majestic power to back up their claims. They maintain their
Gifts are extensions of Gaia's will and nothing less.

‘v Eminent Domain (Level One) — The werewolf using
this Gift gives others pause by simply entering a room. Crowded
rooms will fall silent and the weak-hearted will fall back
from the Garou's very presence.This Gift is taught by
a Falcon-spirit.


System: The player rolls Appearance + Intimidation (dif-
ficulty 7). The number of successes indicates the level of
attention the Garou attracts. One or two successes indicates
the werewolf has been noticed; three or more successes indi-
cates the targets are seriously impressed by her appearance. If
the player scores more successes than a witness's Willpower,
that person must retreat from the werewolf's majestic presence.

‘w Sense Wyrm (Level One) — As the Level One Metis
Gift.

‘w Awe (Level Two) — The Fang proves her right to rule
and mastery over a target by assuming a regal bearing. This Gift
is taught by a Falcon-spirit.

System: The player rolls Appearance + Empathy (difficulty
of the target's Willpower). If this roll is successful, the difficul-
ties of all Social rolls made by the Garou against that target are
reduced by one, and the target's difficulty to hit the Garou in
combat is increased by one. This Gift is ineffective against
Garou of higher Rank.

‘w Luna's Armor (Level Two) — As the Level Two
Children of Gaia Gift.

‘W Foe of the Wyrm (Level Three) — The Garou reveals
that he is Gaia's Chosen Warrior and the instrument of Her
vengeance to his foes. Wyrm creatures flee in fear unless they
can overcome their terror. This gift is taughtjby
Gaia Herself. (iey',

System: The player spends a Gnosis
tisma + Intimidation (difficulty 6).
(including vampires with Humanity scores lowerth
vicinity must make Willpower rolls (difficult yiZ)
for the duration of the scene. \

‘w Silver Claws (Level Three) — As the Level Three
Ahroun Gift.

‘W Gaia's Favor (Level Four) — The Garou may invoke
Gaia's patronage whenever he attempts todo something which
may fail without Her guidance. This Gift is taught by Falcon-
spirits.

System: Before rolling for the action in question, the player
may spend a point of Gnosis. If any botches turn up on the dice
roll, they are ignored; do not count them toward the successes
or failures of the roll.

‘@ Mastery (Level Four) — The werewolf may command
other Garou, even Black Spiral Dancers, to do his bidding. This
Gift is taught by a Falcon-spirit.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Leadership (diffi-
culty of the target's Wits + 3). If the roll is successful, the
Garou may then issue a command to the target, who must
carry out the command (unless it is blatantly suicidal). This
Gift affects only Garou.

w Luna's Might (Level Five) — The Silver Fang trans-
forms her entire body into pure silver, becoming a virtually

invincible warrior. This Gift is taught by Lunes and

+ Ancestor-spirits.

System: The Garou concentrates for an entire turn and her
player spends a Gnosis point. Using this Gift confers immunity
to silver upon the user. In addition, the Gift user is assumed to
have the equivalent of the Level Three Ahroun Gift, Silver
Claws. She also gains two extra Stamina levels and one extra
Health Level (if she suffers only one Health Level worth of
damage in combat, she is unharmed after Luna's Might ex-
pires). This Gift lasts one scene.

‘w Whelp the Insolent (Level Five) — The Fang prevents
her victim from using any special or supernatural abilities. This
Gift is commonly used to teach young Garou their place in
addition to besting foes. It is taught by a Falcon-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Gnosis (difficulty of the victim's Stamina + 3). Each success
removes all special abilities (aggravated damage, claws, Gifts,
vampire Disciplines and Blood Pool, mage Spheres, regenera-
tive powers, special attacks, etc.) from the victim for one turn.

Stargazers

The Stargazers bring a rare form of wisdom to the Savage
West, where greed, anger and selfishness rather than under-
standing and truth inspire actions. The Stargazers' Gifts help
them show Garou and humans insights into the world, but also
deli er its message with a righteous claw.
One) — The Garou is able to walk along
atious path without slipping or falling. This
untain passes, ropes and telegraph lines,
slippery or wet. This Gift is taught by

n when they,
ange Wind: known to the Stargazers.

"System: N@ rolls are made nor points spent to traverse a
narrow path. Difficulties of climbing are reduced by three. The
effect lasts for one scene.

‘w Threads of the Weaver (Level One) — With this Gift
a Stargazer can sense the threads woven through reality by the
Weaver. The werewolf thus knows if the effects of the Weaver
have been felt in an area, but also senses the direction in which
those spirits head, and perhaps for what purpose. This Gift is
taught by a Spider-spirit.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty
6) and the character concentrates on his surroundings. The
Garou gets a glimpse into the Penumbra, but to see only the
webs strung by the Weaver and its minions. The character
then knows if the Weaver has affected an area recently, if it
still does and sometimes if it will in the near future. On a roll
of Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 8) the character gets a sense of
how the Weaver affects the area, and an inkling of the
repercussions of that effect.

Stargazers have used this Gift to sense where railroads,
telegraph wires and other trappings of civilization will pen-
etrate the West. The power can also be used to know where the
Storm Eater has touched the Penumbra and the material world,
and the Gift might be used to follow the trail of the Storm Eater
or those of its creations.

Chapter Six: Traits 161


oR

‘W Measured Step (Level Two) — The Garou balances her
body weight and makes each step without leaving a track. The
werewolf may also walk at normal speeds over quicksand,
water, mud, snow or ice without slipping or falling. This Gift
is taught by the spirits of small animals (mice, rabbits, spar-
rows), animals often overlooked by other Garou but honored
by Stargazers.

System: The Garou concentrates for one turn and the
player rolls Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6). If the surface
can't be crossed in a few turns, more rolls may be required
during travel.

‘¥ Singleness of Purpose (Level Two) — The Garou may,
after meditating, cleanse her mind of all distractions and
passions to focus on specific tasks. This Gift is taught by a
Stargazer Ancestor-spirit.

System: The Garou concentrates for a few minutes and the
player rolls Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 8). Each success con- |
verts one point of Rage into Willpower. 3

transcends the limits of her physical body and gains complet
control of her bodily functions. Asian and African Stargaze
who work as or live among mine laborers sometimes use this
Gift to test mines for gas. The Gift is also used to withstand th
abuses of cultural persecution in the West, not to f
survive adverse conditions. This Gift is taught by a Bear-spiri
System: The Garou concentrates for several mi
the player spends two Willpower points. The werew
pain and controls his bodily functions for one turn f y
point of permanent Willpower. While this Gift is ime 4
character can slow his breathing so that he's imfune/to th
effects of gasses. He can slow his metabolism so that pgiSons ar

Levels are lost normally). The character's body does not
collapse; he performs actions normally, but much more effi-
ciently than usual.

Vision of True Spirit (Level Three) — The Garou |
bestows a vision upon a person that exposes the subject to the
true nature of his spirit. The nature of this vision differs with
each individual, but it always confronts him with the good,
corruption or evil of his ways. Whether the vision has any
impression on the subject is also determined by the individual;
some are completely at one with their natures, good or evil.
This Gift is taught by a Crow-spirit.

System: The character must touch the target; the player rolls
Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 7) and spendsa point of Gnosis.
Thenumber of successes rolled indicates the degree to which the
subject is exposed to his true nature. One success might make a
rail baron understand that his company is bringing hard times as
well as "progress." Five successes might send a subject reeling
with visions of the harm he's caused by stealing land deeds from
families. If more successes are rolled than the subject has
Willpower, he undergoes a catharsis and collapses for 10 minus
Willpower in turns. Whether the subject undergoes a change of
personality must be roleplayed. A person who willingly em-

4

‘W Mastery of the Mortal Coil (Level Three) —The Garow

b

Werewolf: The Wild West

braced the Wyrm may not care about the repercussions of his
actions, while a sheriff who has spiraled into corruption might
stand up and mend his ways.

‘w Counting Coup (Level Four) — By touching an opponent
in combat, a Stargazer can break the combatant's will and drive
him from the fray or force him to surrender. This Gift was learned
from the Pure Ones, who no longer have time or patience forsuch
gentle tactics, and is taught by a Pure One Ancestor-spirit.

System: The character touches his opponent in combat.
The player makes a normal Dexterity + Brawl (or Melee)
roll and spends one point of Gnosis. No damage is inflicted
in the "attack," but if the successes rolled to hit exceed the
victim's current Willpower score, the opponent loses his
fighting spirit. As long as he is not attacked further, he
leaves the field or resigns his fate to the Stargazer who
counted coup against him. The victim cannot spend any
Willpower to act against or defy the will of the Stargazer for
the remainder of the scene. This Gift can even be used to
break another Garou from frenzy or to deny a Garou any
actions purchased with Rage points that he has yet to take
in agurn. It obviously can't affect mindless foes.

the Statgazer can continue to strike at an opponent for as
many,¢drns as he has permanent Willpower points. If the target
is dot hit in that time, the potential of the Gift wears off and

must be conjured up again (another Gnosis point must be

(e= can be affected by each use of this Gift.
"WPreternatural Awareness (Level Four) — The werewolf
ufiespall her senses to her surroundings, allowing her an
rent aWareness of her opponents' actions, even before they

are performed. This Gift is taught by a Wind-spirit.

by System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls

ineffective, or he can ignore wound penalties (though a | Perception + Dodge (difficulty 7). All opponents' Dice Pools

sto hit the Garou are reduced by the number of successes

~ achieved on the roll. This applies even to attacks that the
_ werewolf can't see coming. The effect lasts for one scene.

ew Rageat Shadows (Level Five) —TheGaroumovessoquickly
in battle that she appears and disappears among her opponents,
trickingthemtostrike each other orto hurt themselves (asin the case
of fighting a single opponent). This Gift is taught by a Wind-spirit.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls Wits
+ Dodge (difficulty of the opponent's Wits + 3, or the highest
Wits + 3 if facing multiple opponents). Each success allows the
Garou to avoid and redirect one attack. For example, if the
Garou had a Wits of 4 and a Dodge of 4, and was fighting six
foes with the highest Wits among them being 2, the player
would roll eight dice against a difficulty of five. For each success
the player receives, one of the opponents' attack rolls is made
against another or herself. Any opponents whose attacks are
notinterfered with roll against the Garou normally, though the
Stargazer can still dodge those attacks.

‘w Wisdom from the Heavens (Level Five) — After
gazing into the open sky for an hour, the Stargazer asks
a question and an answer is delivered upon her. This
Gift is taught by a Chimerling. }


SEER EL

>

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Intelligence + Enigmas (difficulty 7). If the roll is successful,
the player can ask the Storyteller one question of any sort. The
clarity of the answer depends on the number of successes rolled;
it is rare to receive a complete, straightforward answer.

Uktena

Delvers into the secrets of the Wyrm, binders of its minions,
the subtle Uktena have many animal powers and powerful
spirit medicine.

W Cloud of Night (Level One) — The Garou calls into
being a cloud of impenetrable darkness. The Gift is taught by
a spirit of Night.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Gnosis against a variable difficulty (3 for twilight, 6 for indoors,
9 for high noon). For each success, a 10-foot by 10-foot area of
the Garou's choice falls under the effect of the dark cloud.

‘w Sense Medicine (Level One) — The werewolf can
sense any sort of native medicine as well as other forms of
"magic," whether Garou Gifts and rituals, fetishes, spirit
Charms, vampiric Thaumaturgy, Spheres of magick used by
human mages, faerie Glamour or other magical activity.
Those so gifted may sense the presence and general strength;
only basic information — such as whether it is faerie
Glamour or mortal magick — is conveyed, not specific
Spheres or individual powers. This Gift is taught by a
servant of Uktena.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas with the
difficulty based on the strength and subtlety of the magic. The
radius is 10 feet per success rolled.

‘w Flight of the Raven (Level Two) — The werewolf gains
the power to hover and float in the air. This Gift is taught by
any Bird-spirit.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point; the werewolf
may then fly at 20 mph for one hour. Maneuvering requires a
Dexterity + Occult roll; difficulties of all complex actions such
as combat are increased by two.

‘w Sense the Tunneler's Passage (Level Two) — The
Garou can sense nearby manifestations of the Wyrm,
though she may not tell exactly what sort of creature is
giving off the reek. Once she has picked up the Wyrm-
scent, she may attempt to track it if it has moved beyond
the initial area searched. This Gift is taught by any spirit
servant of Mother Earth.

System: This Gift works much like the Gift: Sense Wyrm,
save that the Uktena can track Wyrm-creatures. To track a
Wyrm-creature once the trail is found, the player must spend
a Gnosis point and roll Perception + Primal-Urge (difficulty
8). Even one success allows her to track the creature for as far
as the creature can travel in 10 minutes. More rolls may be

made to pick up the trail after that, but once the roll

is failed, the trail is lost. It is also lost if the creature
Being tracked ences or leaver the Urnbra

Chapter Six: Traits


SSSSN

Fane

‘v Flame of the Sun Dance (Level Three) — The Garou
may summon from any fire source, however small, a spirit of
flame to perform a single task. The spirit can ignite flammable
objects or blastan enemy with agreat explosion as it departs the
material world. This Gift is taught bya fire elemental.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Occult (difficulty 8). The spirit's fiery
explosion inflicts three dice of aggravated damage. A botch
on the summoning roll calls a hostile spirit, which may turn
on its summoner.

‘¥ Walk Unseen (Level Three) — The werewolf becomes
invisible, as well as nearly scentless and inaudible. The neces-
sary concentration requires that the Garou not move faster
than half speed or perform any distracting or complicated
actions. The Gift is taught by a spirit servant of Uktena.

System: The Uktena concentrates for a turn; the player
spends a Gnosis point and rolls Intelligence + Occult against
a difficulty based on prevailing conditions. The number of
successes is recorded, for anyone trying to penetra' this
invisibility must roll Perception + Alertness (diffict 1)
more successes are gained on this roll than on ¢
Garou's original invocation, that person can see t

*# Call the Four Brothers (Level Four) — The Gai

summon to herself one of the four sorts of elen »

air, fire or water. The Gift is taught by one of the elementals

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and roll§
Gnosis versus the difficulty of the area's Gauntlet to sunt
mon the elemental. No source is required for this Gift. O1
summoned, the player rolls Manipulation + Occult (diffi
culty 7) to cause the elemental to look favorably upon t
Uktena. The elemental departs at the end of the scene
which it is summoned.

‘w Fist of the Winds (Level Four) — The Garou can move
substances weighing up to 500 pounds without making physi-
cal contact. The Gift is taught by an earth or air elemental.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Dexterity + Occult (difficulty 6). The effect lasts for one turn
per success.

‘w Eyes of the Thunderbird (Level Five) — The werewolf
may shoot lightning bolts from her eyes, like the legendary
Thunderbird. The Gift is taught by Thunderbird or one of
his servants.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Occult (difficulty
7). For each success, the werewolf may shoot one bolt of
lightning at a single target, doing five dice of aggravated
damage. While utilizing this Gift, the Garou must concentrate,
in effect becoming blind to everything around her except her
target. All lightning bolts must be discharged in the scene in
which the Gift is invoked, whether aimed at living targets or
expended harmlessly into the sky.

W Manifest the Vision (Level Five) — The werewolf with
this Gift can bring her visions to life, creating a Dream Being.
This Gift is taught by a Chimerling.

184

Werewolf: The Wild West

System: The player makes an extended roll of Intelligence
+ Performance (difficulty 8) to create any form of life she can
imagine. Each success provides one point of Traits to assign
to the creature. The Uktena can take as long as she desires to
form the being, thus accumulating successes and strengthen-
ing it from turn to turn; but once she stops, the being of her
vision takes form and she must spend Gnosis to keep it
manifested. Manifestation costs one point per scene if the
Dream Being remains relatively inactive, such as keeping
guard or grinding corn, or one point per turn if the being
engages in combat. Botched rolls evoke uncontrolled, often
hostile Nightmare Beings who, though they cost no Gnosis,
remain as long as they desire.

Wendigo

In the Savage West, the Wendigo dig in their heels to
resist the white invaders. They draw power from their totem
and the frozen north, but also possess Gifts that link them
é land — a land under attack. They call on that
ce to drive away the Wyrmcomers and restore the
d Earth.

Call-the Breeze (Level One) — The werewolf may
on a strong (20 mph), chill breeze and direct it wherever
e breeze disperses clouds of vapors or insects
€ not prepared for the cold. This Gift is taught

) By aspirit servant of Wendigo.

em: The Garou may call this breeze merely by whis-
one relying at all on hearing will have one fewer die
such Perception roll.

4 Song of the Seasons (Level One) — As the Level One

Syst

Black Furies Gift.

‘e Bitter Wind (Level Two) — The Wendigo may call up

"a painfully cold blast of wind to strike his foes. This Gift is

taught by a spirit servant of Wendigo.

System: The player spends a Willpower point; to direct
the wind in combat, he rolls Dexterity + Occult (difficulty 6).
Anyone hit by the wind loses two dice from all actions taken
that turn, and has one fewer die on the next turn. The wind
mightalso knock foes into canyons, down mine shafts and the
like. The range is calculated according to the modifiers for
firearms. The medium range is 20 yards; twice that range (40
yards) is the farthest the wind can be directed, and the
difficulty for such a distance is increased by one. On the other
hand, attacks made at targets within a yard of the Garou are
considered "point blank" (difficulty 4). The wind lasts for the
entire scene.

4@ Dust Storm (Level Two) — As she sings to the Wind-
spirits, the Wendigo summons a driving cloud of wind and dust.
Although no one (including the werewolf or her friends) is
immune to the dust, any Wendigo knows that a brown haze on
the horizon means trouble.

System: The player calls Gnosis, to call up the wind
and dirt. The roll's difficulty depends on the area. *


Terrain Difficulty
Desert 5

Plains 6

Town if
Mountains 8
Woods 9

City 10

Once called, the storm whips through the area for two turns
per success, blinding everyone (half Perception Dice Pools),
fouling machinery and coating everything in a fine, gritty dust.
In colder regions, snow or ice substitutes for dust, while leaves
and bark make up a woodland storm.

‘w Sky Running (Level Three) — The Wendigo gains the
ability to run at 50 mph through the skies, but must keep running
if he doesn't want to fall. The werewolf leaves a track of fire in the
sky as he runs. This Gift is taught by a spirit servant of Wendigo.

System: The Garou concentrates for one turn; the player
spends a Willpower point. The Gift lasts for four hours and may
be replenished by further Willpower expenditure.

w Winter Frost (Level Three) —The were gill
the spirits of winter in a great ritual, st
wine that whistle and ack througl

is sight by spirit servants of Wendigo.

System: The Wendigo must chant fotan
Gift. The player spends one Gnosis pointand rolls In
+ Occult against a difficulty depending ont yperatur
it is already winter, 6 on a balmy spring day, 9 in the!
the desert). Success drops the temperature in a five-mile radius
to below freezing (or even sub-zero if it was already winter).
Anyone without a natural fur coat subtracts two from all Dice
Pools. The effects last for one hour per success.

Call the Cannibal Spirit (Level Four) — The werewolf
must chant and dance for a full hour under the night sky to
invoke this Gift. If the summons is successful, an avatar of
Wendigo answers. The avatar tracks down a victim of the
Garou's choosing (the Garou must have an article or part of the
victim) to eat his heart.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and one Rage
point and rolls Charisma + Occult (difficulty 8). If the roll
botches, or the Wendigo avatar is thwarted in its mission, it
will return to kill the summoner. Statistics for the Wendigo-
spirit are given in the Appendix (pg. 275).

w Spirits of Decay (Level Four) — The inventions of the
invaders are an affront to the Old Ways. This Gift breaks
them down to the elements they came from. Many spirits,
from the Termite to the West Wind, teach this blessing to
their favored ones.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Enigmas and

spends a Rage point; the Wendigo can then make one

unliving item crumble into dust or debris. The roll's

difficulty depends on the strength of the item.

Chapter Six: Traits

Material

Paper, Cardboard 4
Cloth, Leather, Rope 5
Thin Wood, Bone 6
Thick Wood, Glass 7
Thin Metal, Stone 8
Thick Metal 9

Items made of several materials (guns, houses) may go
by the weakest material involved; a steel axe is useless
without its wooden handle. Really large targets (trains,
boulders) may require five or 10 successes to destroy. The
item falls apart one turn after the Gift is used. This Gift
does not make a vampire decay completely, but he suffers
one aggravated Health Level for each success against him
(difficulty 8).

w The Freezing Night (Level Five) — Wendigo is the
totem of the frozen North. At night and in winter, he steals
across the plains, freezing the land and anyone on it. This
Gift calls Wendigo's power to the Garou; through it, he may
call a killing ice storm down. It is taught by an avatar of
Wendigo himself.

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and rolls
illpower (difficulty.6)eBach'Success inflicts two normal

bh LewélS"against everyone in the path of the storm.
his may be soaked, but even the hardiest characters will be
incomfortable. Characters with thick winter clothing or
magical protection (like the Song of the Seasons Gift)
reduce that damage by half. The storm itself comes in a few
turns after the Gift is used (time depends on climate); it
begins as a cold wind and rises to a frigid gale before
subsiding at the end of the scene (or one hour). The nexus
of The Freezing Night covers roughly half a mile, and kills
small animals, plants or unprotected humans at the
Storyteller's option. As the name suggests, The Freezing
Night can only be called at night.

v Tornado Rider (Level Five) — Carried on the wings
of Thunderbird, a Wendigo may call up a twister, then ride
it, safe from harm, as it tears up the works of man. This Gift
comes from Thunderbird himself, who often cleanses the
iron-stink from his lands by force.

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and rolls
Willpower (difficulty 6). The twister starts to take shape
one turn later and hits the ground two turns after that. Once
the tornado lands, the Wendigo can leap aboard and ride
the winds without injury. The twister lasts three + (number
of successes) turns and effectively demolishes anything the
Storyteller rules would be destroyed. The player may suggest
a path, but cannot influence the tornado once it comes.
Anyone caught by the twister takes five Health Levels (or
more) in normal damage before being flung off in a random
direction (which'll probably cause even more hurt). Fortu-
nately, this can be soaked.

'$

"7


SSS

LEZ:

=
Rites

Itis only through the strength of our spirit that we have been able
to survive in this new land. Our rites, handed down from the first
teachings of Gaia, are strong and deep. The spirits here remember
Her voice, though they have long been sundered from us.

— Atticus Cleanclaw, Silver Fang Philodox

Unlike Gifts, which are the personal manifestations of a
Garou's power, purity and connection to Gaia, rites
emonies in which many werewolves celebrate their oneness
with the earth together. The supernatural power of rites is less
obvious than that of Gifts, and often less immediate. Rites are
not less powerful than Gifts, merely deeper, more subtle and
often more enduring.

re cer-

Rites connect the Garou to Gaia, to each other, to the spirits
and to their ancestors in an unchanging sequence which
stretches back beyond remembering. Werewolves, although
they are embodiments of change, are conservative creatures.
Rites are their heritage and more. Usually performed by a
Theurge or Galliard (depending on the type and purpose of the
rite), although any Garou can lead a rite, these ceremonies are
the focus of a Garou's spiritual existence, the renewal of their
essence. Each phase of a Garou's life is marked by a rite, from
the initial Rite of Passage to the posthumous Wake Rite.

Ritesrepresentcommonalties and differences between Garou
at the same time. Whilst all tribes know and practice a version
of the Rite of Passage, the details of these ceremonies vary
wildly between the tribes. The harsh and dangerous journey
required of a new Get of Fenris cub could not be more different
than the drinking competition among the Fianna, or the
cryptic visionquesting of the Uktena. Yet each of these rites has
the same purpose; all descend from the first Rite of Passage,
held in the presence of Gaia, or so the Garou believe.

Types of Rites

Although all rites are in a sense the same ceremony, the
differences in detail between them can be expressed in
terms of various groups of rites. It should be noted that
werewolves don't make these distinctions, seeing things in
a more organic whole. Some rites can be enacted by one
Garou; others require many. Some rites must be enacted in
the Umbra, others at the caern, still more can be per-
formed anywhere. The broad categories into which rites
are grouped are: Accord, Caern, Death, Frontier, Mystic,
Punishment, Pure Ones, Renown, Seasonal and Minor.
Each type of rite has basic requirements and specific
requirements which the ritemaster must fulfill in order for
the ceremony to be successful.

Any Garou can learn any rite, although some kinds of rites
are more commonly known by certain auspices. If the character
is a Theurge, he is expected to know many rites,
especially those directly concerned with the manipu-

lation of and communication with spirits. ®

Werewolf: The Wild West
D


= =
Enacting a Rite

The ritual process of the rite is a complicated and drawn-out
affair. In the following descriptions of rites, only the bare bones,
requirements and effects are laid out. The Storyteller should fill
in color and detail, describing the patterns of the particular
dance, the herbs on the fire, the words of the spiritsongand other
aspects which add to the flavor and image of the experience.

Generally a group of Garou participates, led by a single
werewolf, the ritemaster. The ritemaster's responsibility is to
ensure that the rite succeeds; she generally reaps the greatest
rewards or suffers the greatest harm, depending on the
ceremony's outcome. It is her Attributes and Abilities that are
used to make the roll which determines the rite's outcome. In
general, three Garou are required to enact a rite. A ritemaster
canattempta rite with fewer Garou or even on his own, but this
increases the difficulty by one (except for certain rites which
need only one Garou — see the descriptions of the individual
rites). For every five Garou above the number required, the
difficulty of the rite is reduced by one, to a minimum of 3.

Rites generally take about 10 minutes per level to complete,
though this duration can vary. A particularly skilled ritemaster
who has a reason to hurry might be able to complete a rite in
as short as half that time. Garou do not generally hurry rites,
however, as they are part of a natural cycle, and not supernatu-
ral powers to be used in a crisis as are Gifts.

= =
Learning a Rite

Ritesare ancestral knowledge and property among werewolves.
They usually can only be learned from an elder who knows and
is willing to teach them. Werewolf elders don't jealously guard
the secrets of rites, but neither do they reveal them haphazardly
toany cub whoasks. Cubs have to win the respect of an elder and
convince him that his hard-earned knowledge would be safe and
in responsible hands. In some cases, the elder might ask some
kind of material payment for his services, perhaps in the form of
talens, but this isn't all that common. It's generally enough that
acubdemonstrates that he'sa worthy recipient of the knowledge
(determined by past deeds and appropriate roleplaying); if the
elder calls for payment, it's more likely to be in the form of some
service or action. If the elder judges a cub unworthy of the
knowledge — and his judgment is stricter for more important
rites — then he determines a task that must be accomplished,
not one which directly benefits him, but one which benefits
Gaia and proves the cub's bravery.

Once the elder has consented to teach the rite, the student
must succeed in learning it. The Garou must possess a Rituals
knowledge at least equal to the level of the rite, representing
the necessary background and attunement to begin the pro-
cess. This process isa lengthy one of study, trial and error during
which the Garou can do little else but meditate, live alone in

the wild and practice the new knowledge, returning
regularly for further instruction. It takes at least one
& week per level of such activity to learn a rite (three

days total for minor rites). This is represented as an extended
action in which the player rolls Intelligence + Rituals against
a difficulty of 7. The number of successes required equals the
level of the rite. Only one roll is made for each learning period
(one roll every three weeks for a Level Three rite). If the player
gets no successes, the Garou must spend a Willpower point to
continue the study — otherwise she loses all knowledge, and
the teacher will not share any more rites with the failed student
unless she atones for her incompetence in some way. If the roll
botches, that cub is unlikely to ever learn that rite, and that
teacher certainly will not teach her again. Otherwise, the
character finishes her period of study with her first enactment
of the rite, in which her entire sept participates.

A character can begin the game with some learned rites by
purchasing the Rites Background. If so, he's assumed to have
undergone the above process. It's suggested that these rites be of
low level; it doesn't make sense for a Garou to have mastered a
Level Five rite without having knowledge of any other rites. After
the beginning of play, rites can only be gained in the way described
above, and never by the expenditure of experience points.

Unlearned Rites: A character in dire straits can attempt to
enact a rite in which he's taken part, but which he doesn't
know. This is extremely difficult and dangerous, not to men-
tion disrespectful to elder Garou and to the spirits involved. A
Garou who has no knowledge of any rites can't try this at all.
The difficulty is three higher than normal and costs double the
amount of Gnosis. Twice as many Garou are required to gain
bonuses or avoid penalties (as described above) and the results
of a botch are twice as bad.

Auspice Roles

Although any werewolf can learn any rite and the spirits
make no distinctions between auspices, Garou themselves
believe it is right and proper for certain auspices to be masters
of certain rites. Sometimes it is the eldest Garou ina sept, or the
Garou whois the center of the rite who leads the ceremony, but
more often the decision is made on the basis of auspice first and
rank second when it comes to choosing the ritemaster.

Theurges, Philodox and Galliards are most likely to be called
upon tolead rites, and are trained for the roleand the honor. Not
all of these Garou are specialized in conducting rites, butall have
at least a working knowledge, and any character from one of
these auspices is expected to have some knowledge of the process
and to know a few basic rites (one or two points of Rituals
Knowledge). In general, Theurges tend to learn those Mystic
and Caern Rites which deal fully with spirits and the Umbra,
Philodox tend to learn rites with a political bent, such as Rites
of Accord and Punishment, and Galliards usually learn rites of
celebration or mourning, such as the Wake Rite, which give
them an opportunity to express their artistic souls.

Any Garou can learn rites, and Ragabash and Ahroun can
and do lead the sept in certain rites in time of need and danger.
These auspices gain little Renown asa general rule for doing so,
but the Ragabash who steps into the role of the Theurge when

Chapter Six: Traits 167


Sd Seana
t A 2
Type Roll . Difficulty |
Accord Charisma + Rituals 7
Caern * varies 2 ot
. Death 3 Charisma + Rituals 8 - Rank
{ Frontier" "Charisma + Rituals © 9
| Mystic © Wits + Rituals Lae
f Punishment = Charisma'+ Rituals /-~7
Pure Ones Manipulation + Rituals 7
Renewn Charisma + Rituals 6
8-Levelofcaern

Stamina + Rituals
none es

none y

Seasonal
Minor Rites

the sept is in great danger and performs a vital rite might earn
great Honor. Certain Ahroun retain the right to perform rites
of warand battle, such as the Rite of Wounding performed after
acub's first battle, saying that these areas of a sept's life are the
province of the Ahroun. Although Theurges might argue
differently, there's little evidence that the spirits themselves
have any preference for a particular auspice in the performance
of rites. This prejudice might simply be aresult of Garou culture
and tradition. As such, there's no reason why such trends can't
change with sufficient pressure from the new generations.

Rites of Accord

Rites of Accord are ceremonies of reconciliation and for-
giveness. Through ritualistic cleansing, rebirth and apology,
werewolves use these rites to purify themselves and small parts
of Gaia that have been harmed or damaged.

System: A successful rite of Accord must be performed with
a pure, untainted piece of Gaia's work. This symbol of Gaia, be
it branch, stone or creature, must come from beyond the frontier
where the humans have not yet gone. Generally the ritemaster
makes a Charisma + Rituals roll against a difficulty of 7.

Rite of Cleansing

Level One

The very first European, stepping from his ship, brought the
taint of the Wyrm to the New World, or so the Pure Ones
believe. But the forces of change that come with the Europeans
are nothing compared to the true corruption spread by the
Wyrm. This rite ensures the purity of any person, place or
object afflicted with such a taint. The rite commences with the
ritemaster loping counterclockwise around the afflicted crea-
ture or object. In one hand she holds a flaming branch, in the
other a birch rod dipped in pure spring water. Head down, arms
held high, the Garou anoints the object to be cleansed with

alternating flicks of ember and water. As the speed of her
circling increases, any other Garou participating start a low
howl. This slowly rises in pitch until, at the culmination of the
rite, all present are screaming like banshees, thus frightening
away the corrupting influence. Although it can be performed
at any time, this rite is at its most powerful at sunrise.
System: For each additional person or object to be cleansed,
the ritemaster must spend one Gnosis point. Only one success
is required; the difficulty is equal to the Gnosis of the creature
that caused the taint. The difficulty is reduced by one if the rite
is performed at dawn. This rite only removes an existing taint;
it cannot heal wounds or damage caused by contamination.

Rite of Renunciation

Level Two

Many werewolves who've come to the New World call this
rite by a different name: the Rite of New Hope. The purpose of
the rite is grave: a Garou who performs this ceremony has some
reason to want to give up his old auspice and begin again with
another. Whatever the reason, be it past disgrace or deep
dissatisfaction, the decision is a difficult one to make and the
cost is high. The rite is performed in the presence of the
ritemaster and supplicant alone. The ritemaster strips the
subject ofall former Rank, renown and title, and the supplicant
is symbolically born again under the light of the moon he
wishes to adopt. After such a ceremony, the supplicant is again
treated as a cub and must undertake another Rite of Passage
and find a new place in the sept. The New World has seen a
small influx of Garou who, having performed this rite in
Europe, have made the journey to the Americas where their
past doesn't haunt them and they can truly begin again.

System: A Garou who undertakes this rite loses all Re-
nown and Rank. He must start again at Rank One, and
though he retains all previous Gifts and rites, he can no
longer learn Gifts of his former auspice. Gifts of the new
auspice can now be learned as normal. It's possible that a
werewolf might want to symbolically renounce something
other than auspice — his name, his tribe or even his breed.
This rite can theoretically perform these functions, though in
practice such a request is very rare.

Rite of Reconciliation

Level Three

An unfortunate truth of Garou society is that feuds occurall
too often. If not for rites such as this, werewolves might be even
scarcer than they already are. Two warring Garou who have
decided to end their feuding must confirm their resolve in the
eyes of Gaia. This also applies if an elder or one of higher Rank
intervenes and demands an end to the bickering. The prepara-
tions for reconciliation involve clearing a circle of ground, in
the center of which a pit is dug. Placed next to this hole is a
ribbon of twined hair from the heads of the rivals.
Under the direction of the ritemaster, the two ob-
serve the three stages of Reconciliation.

168 Werewolf: The Wild West


First is Intent: The two Garoustand on either side of the hole
that symbolizes the rift between them. Their arms outstretched,
empty hands palm upward, each in turn loudly declares to the
assembled sept his determination to end the feud: "Before my
brothers and sisters I, (Garou's full name), say my actions have
been base. I say | have wasted my blood-fire and I say I have
offended mother Gaia, my pack, my sept and my tribe. I declare
my intent toend here and now this useless feuding and take again
to my heart my sister (enemy's full name)."

For the second part of the rite, Substantiation, each Garou
must choose a symbol of aggression. This is most commonly a
weapon: a favorite knife ora firearm. Both items are placed in
the hole and buried by the ritemaster.

The third stage is Confirmation, in which the rivals must signal
their acceptance of one another. As the two clasp each other's
forearms, their wrists are tightly bound with their braided hair.
The two now join in asingle howl of appeasement directed at the
heavens. The reconciliation is complete. If a Garou chooses to
break the bond-pact she may be declared a criminal in the eyes of
thesept. This rite isalso used when larger groups are at odds; in this
case, each side chooses a representative to participate. Europeans
tend tomerely break their chosen weapons rather than bury them.
Fetish weapons are never sacrificed in this way.

System: To attract Gaia's attention, the ritemaster must
make a Charisma + Rituals roll, difficulty of 6. Ifsuccessful, Gaia
approves and the rite has "taken." If the ex-rivals sincerely wish
to settle their differences, each must convince the sept with a
Willpower roll, difficulty equal to his Rage. If successful, the
antagonists gain 1 Honor each; otherwise, they must convince
the sept with their actions over the coming months.

Caern Rites

Accaem is the spiritual focus of a sept, the heart of its Garou and
aplace of purity and peace on the surface of Gaia. Caern Rites have
no meaning outside of a caern, and generally only succeed if
performed atits very heart. Their purpose is torenew and refresh the
‘caer, as well as to tap the energy stored there ina constant and fine
balance of giving and receiving between Gaia and Her children.

System: Although the individual rolls vary with each
Caern Rite, the ritemaster's Dice Pool may never exceed her
Gnosis. The difficulty is 7 unless otherwise stated. Many
European werewolves find these rites difficult to perform in the
caerns that have been taken violently from the Pure Ones. To
represent this unfamiliarity, the difficulty for European Garou
in ill-gotten caerns is one higher than normal (usually 8).

Moot Rite
Level One
This rite is called to begin a moot. Although Garou gather
all the time in groups of various sizes, no gathering is officially
a moot, as far as any spirits are concerned, until the Moot
Rite is performed. The rite varies from the extremely

& simple, such as a unified howl to Luna led by the

ritemaster, to the complex and creative, such as weaving
intricate dance patterns and reciting the Litany. The Moot

Rites of European Garou and the Pure Ones vary so greatly that _

moots involving both groups have only been possible if a
special rites were devised for the occasions — a rarity at best.

Individual tribes have many variations on this rite. Some
tribes, such as the Uktena, keep some Moot Rites for
beginning secret moots and use others when members of
other tribes are present. Other tribes, such as the Red
Talons, tend to be minimalist about their Moot Rites,
scratching the ground and howling together more asa signal
of beginning than anything else.

System: The Moot Rite has a role in the lifeblood of the
caern. Once every cycle of Luna, at least half of the caern's
Garou must call a moot; otherwise, the caern begins to dwindle.
During the rite, the participants must refresh the caern with
five Gnosis points per caern level. The Wyrmcomers have
discovered that this cost is higher for them in captured caerns
as they struggle to adjust to the new land; these newcomers
must often expend double the normally required Gnosis.

Rite of the Opened Caern

Level One

A caern is not merely a place of worship and a focus of
spirituality for the Garou. Caerns have practical purposes too,
and a Garou who knows this rite has learned to tap the mystical
power of a caern and use it for her own purposes. The European
Garou refer to this practice as "opening" a caern while the Pure
Ones, who use this rite infrequently, call it "borrowing" from
the caern. The power available from a caern varies with each
particular place. Some caerns provide extra dice in a certain
Ability while others directly refresh a Garou's Gnosis, Rage or
Willpower. Strange and rare caerns may be even more potent.

Caerns do not freely give their assistance to Garou; indeed,
the practice of opening a caern is dangerous to the ritemaster.
The Garou, through performing this rite, tries to show that she
is worthy of the caern's energies, and coaxes them from the
heart of the caern's spirit. The exact form which this rite takes
differs according to the nature of the caern's energies. At a
caern of Leadership the supplicant might demonstrate, through
tales of her deeds, how she is a mighty leader of Garou. At a
caern of Rage the supplicant might prove her burning anger
and inflame the caern's spirit with descriptions of the horror
she wishes to avenge. In every case, the ritemaster must
convince the spirit that her cause is worthy of its help.

System: The rite takes the shape of an extended contest
between the ritemaster and the spirit of the caern, as the Garou
tries to prove her worthiness through whatever method is most
likely to impress the spirit. The player rolls Wits + Rituals
(difficulty 7). The number of successes required is the caern's
level. The caern spirit rolls a number of dice equal to the level
of the caern with a difficulty of the ritemaster's Gnosis, and
needs a number of successes equal to the Garou's Willpower.

Chapter Six: Traits 169


The first contestant to gain the necessary number of suc-
cesses wins. A successful ritemaster can partake of that caern's
power, either adding its rating to an appropriate Dice Pool, or
refreshing herself from the caern's store. If the character is
unsuccessful in supplicating the caern spirit, the angry spirit
wounds her, causing a number of Health Levels of damage
equal to the successes by which the caern beat her. If the
titemaster rolled a botch, these wounds are aggravated.

The Trodden Track
Level Three

A caern's history is of great importance to the Garou. The
caern's past, its roots and its lineage can be a source of comfort and
strength, invigorating the sept in its struggles. The Trodden Track
enables the Garou to observe visible and audible echoes of the
caern's past. The echoes of times gone reverberate in the Umbra,
anda good ritemaster can snare these echoes and tame them. The
Trodden Track requires a map of the caer and its surroundings as
they appeared when it was first created. Placed in the center of the
caern and burnt, the map symbolizes the passing of time that
affects all things. As the map crumbles to ash, the other Garou
present growl deep in their throats, producing a grinding, asyn-
chronous rumble. The ritemaster begins his litany, a recitation of
the caern's life. The off-center growls combined with the sono-
rous drone of the ritemaster's recounting have a disorienting
effect on those present, easing the transition from present to
past. Like a fever dream, the caern's history is replayed hazily
about the participants, looking like reflections in a murky pool.
The nature of the rite ensures that only joyous and important
events from the caern's past are revealed. Watching these events
fills all present with strengthened resolve and renewed vigor, as
well as a deeper connection with their ancestors. Only one who
has known the caern and its history has any chance of success-
fully enacting The Trodden Track.

System: The successful completion of The Trodden Track
requires an Intelligence + Rituals roll against a difficulty of 8;
this difficulty is reduced by one for each Past Life point the
ritemaster has. Any participants in the successful rite gain an
extra point of Past Life until the end of the current moon. The
successful rite also "primes" the caern, reducing the difficulty
of the next Caern Rite by one.

Rite of the Opened Bridge

Level Four

One of the most complex and important rites, the Rite of the
Opened Bridge provides the mechanism by which many of the
new Garou in the New World came to be there. Among the
European Garou, this rite has become more important than ever
and more and more Theurges are being instructed in its complex
details. The Rite of the Opened Bridge creates a Moon Bridge,
aconnection between two caerns, a path along which Garoucan
travel in a hundredth of the time that the real-world journey
takes. The bridge must be renewed once per year in a ritual
enacted simultaneously at both participating caerns.

To create a Moon Bridge the ritemaster must possess a
Pathstone (or Moongem), a flat, paw-sized, very rare white
rock. The retrieval of a Pathstone is often the object of a quest;
the only other way to obtain one is to steal it, which destroys
its previous bridge and inevitably leads to bloody conflict
between a sept and the thief. The bridge exists as a spiritual
connection between the two caer spirits through the foci of
the stones. At the height of the rite the bridge is opened and
Garou can travel freely both ways across it.

No Moon Bridge could be established until the first Euro-
pean Garou reached the Americas and commandeered a caern
there. After several unsuccessful attempts, during which a few
Garou became lost in the Umbra, a caern opened a bridge to
the Black Forest in Germany. Since then, several more bridges
have been opened up and travel is virtually unrestricted.

System: Even though there is a great call for Theurges who
can perform this rite, it's not generally the stuff of younglings
to perform it. The enacting of this ritual is an important
decision for a sept, as any caern may only have one bridge.

The ritemaster rolls Wits + Enigmas against a difficulty of 8
minus the level of the caern at which she enacts the rite. If the
ritemaster's pack totem is the same as that of either caern, she
receives a bonus of three dice on the roll. If either ritemaster
has tried and failed previously, the difficulty is increased by
one. A number of successes equal to the caern's level isrequired
to open the bridge successfully.

If the ritemaster is successful, then the bridge is established,
connecting the two Pathstones. Once the initial rite is performed,
the bridge can be accessed by any werewolf using the Rite of the
Opened Caer or the Ragabash Gift: Open Moon Bridge. The rite
mustbe renewed every year, and ifany of these rituals (including the
first) fails, then there can be no bridge until the rite is attempted
again, 13 moons later. If the rite is botched, both Pathstones are
destroyed and the other sept will most likely demand recompense.
The Theurge who commits this grave offense is most likely ostra-
cized by her own sept to pacify the offended Garou.

Rite of Caern Building

Level Five

The Rite of Caern Building is the most important rite in the
Garou repertoire. Without it the cycles of destruction and
renewal, death and rebirth would fail and the werewolves
themselves, eventually drained of all Gnosis, would fade and
die. Although many caerns are ancient, none are immortal;
every year a few are destroyed by the Wyrm, infighting or by the
capricious nature of time. Some doomsayers argue that this is
an irresistible progression toward the Apocalypse, and that all
caerns will soon perish, but the Rite of Caern Building gives
others the hope to establish something worthy.

The rite creates anew caern, a nexus between the Umbra and
the physical world, through the exertions and devotions of a
powerful ritemaster and many supplicants. The attempt
is dangerous for many reasons. First, creatures of the
Wyrm, both physical and Umbral, are known to be i

Werewolf: The Wild West


able to detect the enacting of the rite and almost always try to
disrupt it. In particular, Black Spiral Dancers often attack in
great numbers and with insane ferocity. Some Theurges figure
that the enacting of this rite causes pain to the Wyrm directly.

The other danger is direct physical damage from the back-
lash of energy should the ritemaster fail. The area meant to be
the heart of the caern is chosen, and many Garou must gather
on an important night of the year (Samhain, the spring
equinox, etc.). At least 13 Garou are required, and more are
usually needed to pool enough energy to perform the cer-
emony. The ritemaster must focus the Gnosis of all the
participants throughout the course of the night, making one
roll per hour for eight hours.

System: The ritemaster's extended roll is Wits + Rituals,
difficulty 8. The ritemaster may never roll more dice than she
has Gnosis. She must accumulate 40 successes over the eight
tolls during the course of the night.

Once the leader obtains 40 successes, all the Garou partici-
pating in the rite must spend Gnosis points to draw a spirit into
the caern. The rite requires 100 Gnosis points in all from the
participants (including the ritemaster). If there isn't 100 Gnosis
available, the assembled Garou begin to sustain aggravated
damage in the form of great welts. Each level of damage counts
as three Gnosis points toward the required total.

Ifthe rite fails (the ritemaster doesn't
achieve 40 successes), all involved
suffer five Health Levels of dam-
age. Those who have been
previously wounded and are
forced below Incapacitated
must roll on the Battle
Scars chart. If the rite
is botched, this
damage is aggra-
vated, probably
killing most
of the par-
ticipants.

Asuccessful rite creates a new caern. If more than 40 but less
than 45 successes are achieved, a Level One caern is created,
and the ritemaster is given the honor of naming it. The
Gauntlet of the area is now 4, and the caern's spirit is capable
of granting powers equivalent to low-level Gifts. Every five
successes above 40 increase the level of the caern by one. Every
10 successes above 40 decreases the area's Gauntlet by one
(minimum 2).

The ritemaster must finally sacrifice a number of permanent
Gnosis equal to the new level of the caern. If this isn't possible,
she's instantly slain but the rite is considered successful. If she
survives, the ritemaster gains 3 Glory, 5 Honor and 7 Wisdom
and is thereafter acclaimed as a great hero and leader.

Rites of Death

A werewolf's life is often tragically short, but tends to burn
very brightly. The Garou have a realistic attitude toward
death: They do mourn for the departed, but also, after a rite of
Death is performed to show the connection of all with Gaia's
cycle, they harden their hearts and continue with life. Death
rites are vital as the vehicle for Garou mourning. Death is
common on the frontier, and sometimes European werewolves
perform this rite for a valued Kinfolk pioneer or settler as well.

System: The ritemaster must succeed ina
Charisma + Rituals roll. The diffi-
culty is 8 minus the Rank of

the departed Garou.


ro~

OXX)

Wake Rite

Level One

Families of European Kinfolk and Garou are close on the
frontier. This rite is held when one of their number dies. The clan
gather round and the ritemaster, always a werewolf and often a
Galliard, leads it in mourning and then in celebration of the life
of the departed one. The Kinfolk then depart and the Garou, who
until that time have remained in Homid form, shift into other
forms and howl their grief at the death of their packmate.

Other tribes, notably the Pure Ones, perform very different
rites, and seldom are any Kinfolk present at all. Their rites are
lonely and mournful, solemn and spiritual. The ritemaster is the
focusof the ceremony, although many contribute, especially those
who knew the warrior well. Whatever exact form the ceremony
takes, the aim is the same: to remember the fallen Garou and her
deeds, and to speed her spirit back to the womb of Gaia.

System: If the ritemaster achieves five successes on the
standard roll, the mourning is so poignant that the departed
Garou's spirit stays on, after a fashion. The werewolf closest in
kin to the deceased receives his fallen comrade's spirit as a Past
Life (bestowing an extra point of Past Life, even if he had no
Past Life previously). Ifno close kin are present, this honor goes
to the ritemaster herself.

Rites of the Frontier

The European Garou have come from the soft greens of the
Old World to a harsh new land. Rites of the Frontier are not a
group that Garou recognize, but loosely represent some ex-
amples of rituals from the homelands which have an important
effect in the New World. These rites are typical of the
werewolves who are intent on changing the frontier to suit
them; they aren't necessarily part of the repertoire of every
European ritemaster.

System: The ritemaster must roll Charisma + Rituals against
a difficulty of 9 to successfully perform these rites as, in some
places, the very land resists them.

Rite of New Territory

Level One

In their colonization of the New World, some Garou from
the Old World have found the need to define their territories
in a way that they can understand. They don't recognize or
acknowledge the ways in which the Pure Ones delineate
territorial boundaries, and don't tend to respect these bound-
aries when they do perceive them. The resulting conflict has
manifested itself in open war between the tribes. Among the
European Garou, however, distribution of new territory isn't
always an easy matter of consent and cooperation. Some areas
of the New World are more desirable than others, and in the
race to claim new territories for tribe, sept and Kinfolk,
conflicts do occur. This rite is designed to ritualize and regulate
these conflicts; it isn't used to determine the ownership of
caerns or other significant sites, but to allow Kinfolk rights to

various frontier outposts and towns. Because of its close con-
nection to Kinfolk, the rite is performed in Homid form and in
full view of the affected kin. Each of the competing parties, be
they packs, tribes or septs, chooses a ritemaster. This ritemaster
need not have any Rituals Ability at all. The two ritemasters
circle each other as the rite begins, surrounded by Kinfolk and
Garou. They then strike each other with human fists, each
giving and receiving punches. The first to fall is the loser, and
his group must lead their Kinfolk elsewhere. Although the
onlookers are responsible for preventing these contests from
getting out of hand, several have become lethal tooth-and-
claw brawls. Despite this, the Rite of New Territory remains a
safer form of dispute resolution than klaive dueling.

System: Each ritemaster rolls a normal Dexterity + Brawl
attack to determine the success of his punch. The Garou who
is struck rolls Stamina + Brawl to resist the punch; initially this
difficulty is also 6. If the receiving Garou fails or botches this,
then he falls to the ground and the contest is over. Otherwise
the contest continues, and the difficulty levels to resist the
blows are raised by one.

Rite of the Homeland

Level Two

This is not so much an old rite brought to a new land but
rather a ritual adapted by Theurges for a new purpose. This rite
brings some of the ritemaster's homeland to the new land in
which he now lives. To successfully enact the rite, the werewolf
must have some natural item —a seed, soil, a stone — from the
area in which he lived before. Also, all the Garou enacting this
rite must belong to the same tribe. These werewolves stand ina
circle, nose to tail, while the ritemaster begins the ceremony.
The ritemaster takes the token and buries it in the center of the
circle of Garou, who then dance and howl about the site for some
hours. The rite has no immediate effect, but slowly, over the
length of a few days, a small patch of landscape the size of the
circle of Garou changes subtly to resemble a patch of the Old
Country. The changes are not blatant, butare enduring. Perhaps
a tree grows and a cactus dies; perhaps the soil softens and tulips
bloom. Whatever the outward effect, it's not without repercus-
sions; the area's Gauntlet increases by one. Some say that certain
Pure One Theurges know magics which can counteract and
dispel this rite, but they have yet to produce any evidence.

System: The limit in area which can be affected is only the size
of the circle formed by touching Garou when the rite is enacted.

= =
Mystic Rites

Mystic Rites are most closely related to the mainstream idea of
shamanistic ritual. They contact and deal with spirits and the

Umbra. These rites are often performed bya lone Theurge, though
it isn't unheard of for the Theurge to have an audience. The Pure

Ones tend not to perform these rites alone.

System: To enact a Mystic Rite, the Garou must
make a Wits + Rituals roll (difficulty 7 unless
indicated otherwise).

Werewolf: The Wild West
Pp


Rite of Binding
Level One

This rite binds a spirit to a werewolf, creating a temporary
spirit servant, or binds it into a talen. Forcing the spirit into an
talen is the only way to make this rite's duration permanent.
There are some European spirits loose in the American Umbra
that made the journey bound to a Theurge but later were
released or escaped.

The rite is only possible because of the ancient bonds
between spirit and Garou, and many Garou see this rite as
taking unfair advantage of this sacred link. Spirits can be bound
into people, places or objects — with different implications for
the spirit. For example, if the place is a logical home for the
spirit, it may not protest being bound there, but all spirits resist
being bound into objects unless such a duty would serve their
patrons (suchas tribal totems). There's a certain amount of risk
associated with this rite. If the ritemaster is unsuccessful in
binding the spirit, he is confronted by an angry foe who attacks
if capable, or escapes to plot revenge.

System: Once the spirithas been encountered, the ritemaster
expends Gnosis to attempt to force a connection with the
spirit. Each point so spent reduces the spirit's effective Gnosis
by one. The ritemaster then attempts to complete the binding
by rolling Willpower against the spirit's new Gnosis rating. A
botch indicates that not only will the spirit attack the Garou,
but is likely to be assisted by one or two of its kind who come
to its aid. The number of successes achieved determines the
duration of the spirit's servitude.

Successes Duration of Servitude
1 One Day
2 One Week
3 Three Weeks
4 Two Months
5 A Season
Rite of Talisman Dedication
Level One

This rite enables a Garou to dedicate an object as a
personal effect so that when the Garou changes physical
form, the object, usually an item of clothing, grows or shifts
with him and isn't destroyed or discarded. Although the
general foci of this ritual are garments, other objects can be
dedicated successfully. Fetishes and talens are automatically
considered to have undergone this rite. The Garou must
solemnly intone the importance of the dedication before
Gaia and then change slowly through all of his forms. After
this, the item can remain with the Garou in some form or
other in any form the Garou wishes to take.

System: The rite costs one Gnosis point per item to be

dedicated (three if the object includes silver). The diffi-
culty of the roll is 5 for clothing, 6 for accessories, 7 for
weapons and technological devices and 8 for items

Chapter Six: Traits

which include silver. A werewolf can never have more objects
bound to him than his permanent Gnosis score. The specific
effects of the rite are left to the player and Storyteller to
determine. Some items may merely stretch to accommodate
the greater bulk of the larger forms, while others are partially
absorbed into the Garou's hide, perhaps becoming brands or
tattoos. In the latter case, the Garou can spend a Willpower
point to retrieve an item while in a form other than the one in
which the rite was enacted.

Rite of Summoning

Level Two

Garou mystics are closely connected to the Realm of spirit.
They are linked flesh and soul to the Umbra and its inhabit-
ants. Proper application of this knowledge combined with
the correct rituals can enable a Garou to actually call forth a
spirit into the physical realm. Although the vast majority of
these creatures are of the lesser order, such as the Umbral
vermin Gafflings, the Penumbra is also home to beings of
unimaginable power, such as the Incarna and the godlike
Celestine Avatars.

The procedure for summoning a spirit varies, not only from
spirit to spirit, but also with the individual mystics. Still, the
inhabitants of the Umbra demand certain constants, as is only
proper. A summoning always has its quotient of complex
rituals, long meditations, chanting and ritualized dancing. The
longer the elaborate web of rituals continues, the more likely
the spirit is to respond.

Tosummon a spirit, one must pierce the Gauntlet, creating
ahole for the call to reach the spirit and enabling the creature
toanswer. Obviously if the mystic performs the rite while in the
Umbra, there isno need tocreate this gateway; the spirit simply
follows the mystic when he returns to the mundane world.

Some wonder why entities of such potential might and
intellect obey their summoners (when they do), but Theurges
don't find this one whit peculiar. They know full well that
spirits have a place in Gaia's plan, and that spirits are more than
willing to play their parts. More intelligent spirits often re-
spond out of curiosity or bemused indulgence; lesser spirits
don'tseem to have much ofa choice. Itall comes from the Pact,
the understanding between Garou and spirits that was settled
at the dawn of time. Both spirit and werewolf are forged of Gaia.
Both are Her tools; their goals are Her goals. Unfortunately in
these days of strife in the West, the chaos in the Umbra has
caused summoned creatures to respond in unexpected ways.

The success or failure of a summoning is affected by the
mystic's skill, the spirit's power and the strength of the
gauntlet in the area.

System: First, the barrier between matter and spirit must
be pierced with a Gnosis roll against the local level of the
Gauntlet. The difficulty of the summoning roll itself is
further affected by the relative power of the spirit called, as
per the following table.


BANK | Ee ihe

Wg

Spirit type

Gaffling

Jaggling 5
Totem Avatar i
Incarna 8-9
Celestine Avatar 10

For each extra hour the mystic spends calling the being, the
difficulty drops by one; it can never fall below 3. Successful
summoning of an Incarna or Celestine Avatar gains the mystic
2 Wisdom. The effects of the ritemaster's Gnosis roll are

described below.

Successes Effect

1 The spirit takes up to an hour to
arrive and is initially hostile.

2 The spirit arrivesin under 10 minutes
but is initially unfriendly.

3 The spirit arrives immediately and
is wary and reserved.

4 The spirit arrives immediately and
is passively benign.

5 The spirit arrives immediately and

is actively helpful.

The specific results of a botch should be determined by the
Storyteller, buta flagrantly failed attempt mightsummon the wrong
(and often hostile) spirit, attract the attention of Black Spiral
Dancers or temporarily mark the ritemaster as a nuisance to spirits.

Obviously, using the above tables, a werewolf sometimes
has no chance of success. At others it's all but impossible to fail.
The Storyteller should feel free to adjust the numbers, treating
each performance of this rite individually.

Rite of the Fetish
Level Three

This powerful rite is the province of Theurges and Philodox.
With it they create fetishes — items with powers granted by
spirits bound within. Fetishes vary greatly in power and poten-
tial as do the specifics of this rite among the tribes. One version
of the rite uses coercion and brute force to instill the spirit in
the fetish. An Uktena ritemaster may prepare an item for
inhabitation by notching it with patterns specific to the task it
is to perform and then anchoring it with twine to a great
bulkhead of Gaia in the physical world — a huge tree, an
outcropping of rock — for at least three days. After this time
the ritemaster calls the spirit and forces it into the fetish-to-be.
The Silent Striders favor a more cooperative approach; many
of their fetishes have a lifespan resulting from bargains made
between spirit and ritemasters. Once this time has elapsed, a
spirit is freed and may negotiate with the fetish's currentowner.

System: The system really depends on the ritemaster's
preferences. It should be noted that many Theurges who have
come to the New World used to good relationships with spirits
have found those here to be unwilling to enter into pacts and

SSSSEN

ZLLA,

XX

have been compelled to resort to force when creating fetishes.
The Storm Umbra has also distorted spirits normally friendly
to the native Garou, making them harder to deal with.

The roll for a cooperative ritemaster is Wits + Rituals against a
difficulty of 10. Each permanent Gnosis pointsacrificed to the spirit
reduces the difficulty by two. The forceful ritemaster mustdefeat the
spirit in spirit combat and reduce it to zero Power before attempting
the same roll, although in that case the difficulty is then the spirit's
Gnosis. Thespirit then needs torecharge before the fetish can begin
to function. The specific powers of a fetish depend on the spirit
inhabiting it, and are generally in keeping with the importance and
associations of that particular spirit.

Rite of the Totem

Level Three

Mostcommonly performed at the formation of anew pack, this
ite binds a group of Garou to its pack totem. Any werewolves who
want to hitch their fate to a totem must participate in this rite.
Each Garou coats his eyes with a mix of spit and mugwort, the
better to focus his attention from the mundane plane to the
spiritual. All Garou participating then step sideways into the
Umbra, where the ritemaster leads the pack ona ritual huntforthe
spectral scent left by the totem spirit. This spoor will vary with
eachspirit, and, of course, is only perceptible to those worthy of the
totem. The hunt is a mutual pursuit, with each werewolf calling
herpersonal cry and the spirit answering, its criesslowly becoming
more clear as the hunt progresses. Eventually the Umbral hunt
ends with the pack and the spirit confronting each other. How-
ever, theconclusion of the hunt doesn't guarantee acceptance; the
totem must still consider the worthiness of the supplicants. A wary
spirit may even require a quest from the Garou, but this rarely
happens if the pack has successfully completed a Rite of Passage.

System: Although all Garou who have purchased the
Totem Background (individually or more usually as a pack)
have by default succeeded in this rite, it can be evocative and
rewarding to play through, giving the characters and players a
deeper understanding of the totem that watches over them.
Each Garou participating rolls Stamina + Enigmas. A failure
indicates that this hunt fora totem is unsuccessful and the pack
must try again after the passing of a moon. A botch indicates
that the spirit sought will never agree to be their totem. If a
particular Garou achieves five or more successes, her rating in
the Totem Background is increased by one, and she may decide
which aspect of the totem this new level enhances.

Punishment Rites

The society of the Garou is surprisingly regimented and
regulated. When a serious transgression of its rules occurs the
offender is sanctioned by a Punishment Rite. The severity of
the particular rite chosen varies with the crime committed.
Punishment Rites are as important for those who perform
them as for those who are their targets. The accusers
strengthen their commitment to each other by
defining what is not Gaia's will.

174 Werewolf: The Wild West


System: The ritemaster, often a Philodox, must make a Cha-
tisma + Rituals roll (difficulty 7 unless stated otherwise). The
consequences of failing a Punishment Rite vary. Sometimes this is
seen asa sign of Gaia's forgiveness of the punished individual, and
the matteris dropped. But ifthe transgression issufficiently serious,
a failed rite is no different in the eyes of the sept than a successful
tite; however, it carries no spiritual conviction.

Rite of Ostracism

Level Two

If a Garou commits an act that offends her sept, but is not
sufficiently heinous to warrant death, the Rite of Ostracism is
enacted. The wrongdoer is estranged from her sept, tribe and
sometimes even her pack. Once this rite has been performed the
offender is ignored, treatedasanonentity and left to fend forherself
in every way. Sept members are discouraged from direct hostilities
against the offender, but accidents have been known to happen.
Tribe members who are related or close to the ostracized one
sometimes choose to aid her in a life-or-death situation.

The Garou performing the rite forma circle about the offender
(ifshe is present). One by one the participants step forward; while
pointing stiffly at the offender each werewolf intones: "Hear me,
Gaia, I know this Garou called (the offender's name) no longer, nor
will [help her." Theaccuser then raises both paws over hereyesand
slowly turns her back and walks away from the offender, symbol-
izing her "nonexistence" to the pack. The ritemaster is the last to
let her howl fall silent. She leaves without the ceremonial rejec-
tion, for by this stage the accused is considered without the wolf.
The transgressor is left alone in the night.

System: This ritual is commonly performed at night. The
exclusion lasts from one phase of the moon to the next. If the
crime is particularly serious, the exile may be declared perma-
nent. Any Garou so ostracized loses one point each of Glory
and Wisdom, and five of Honor.

Sanction of Dishonor

Level Two

If a pup has, through acts of dishonor, offended an elder or
the sept at large, the elder may prescribe this rite. This rite is
basically looked on as a chastisement and a way for those
involved to vent their frustrations so that all may go about their
business. It's also a way to show Gaia the sept's disapproval, thus
ensuring that Her anger isn't stirred.

The elder who calls for the sanction isalso the ritemaster. He
escorts the subject to the place of punishment in silence,
offering no hint of what is to come. Even if the pup guesses his
fate, he is unlikely to attempt escape. It's his duty to stoically
receive his just punishment, thus avoiding shame for himself
and his sept. There the other Garou involved in the insult stand
shoulder to shoulder, in two rows on either side ofa path strewn
with sharpened stones. The accused whelp stands at one end of

this gauntlet, the ritemaster at the other. All present,
with the obvious exception of the offender, carry
& stout branches, sticks or rocks. The rite commences

Chapter Six: Traits

in earnest with the declaration of grievances; the elder states
his full name, the offense (often in shameful detail) and the full
name of the accused. When he has finished, the punishment
begins. The violent heartfelt howl loosed by all is the signal for
the youngster tostart his run. Feet slashed by stony shards, body
bruised by clubs and hurled rocks, the guilty one must reach the
end of the gauntlet. At the far end, between agony and
freedom, stands the elder, weapon of choice brandished. If the
cub has comported himself well, the elder may refrain from
taking a shot himself. The European version of this rite is
somewhat less ritualized and consists mainly of vicious pum-
meling; the stony shards are replaced with broken glass.

System: The ritemaster must make a Charisma + Rituals
roll against a difficulty of his own Rage to stop the ceremony
from turning into a bloodbath and bringing more shame down
upon the heads of the sept.

Rites of the Pure Ones

The following rites are examples of some of the ceremonies
that are peculiar to the Uktena and Wendigo. These rites are
common to some Pure One septs, and many others practice
variations. Often more elaborate and intricate than rites from
the Old World, they are examples of the lengths which
werewolves must go to convince and cajole the capricious
spirits of the West.

System: The ritemaster's role is always that of leader of a
pack (or more) of Garou in these rites. She must convince the
spirits involved with words, actions and meticulous prepara-
tion. The roll is Manipulation + Rituals against a difficulty of
7. Although these rituals are highly complex, the results of
failure are generally not catastrophic.

Seam Between Worlds

Level One

This rite was devised by the Pure Ones as soon as they
realized what colonization would mean to them, Gaia and the
Umbra. It is used to inspire fighting spirit, to warn pups and in
attempts to convince the Europeans of the wrongness of their
actions. The rite must be enacted within sight of the actual
boundaries between "settled" lands and native country. A
branch is taken from the oldest tree in the bawn of the caern
and wrapped in copper wire. The ritemaster uses this talisman
to draw a line in the dirt paralleling the frontier. All present
step into the Umbra, where they behold a vision of the frontier
itself, palpable and terrifying. A roiling line, glowing with
freakish energies, it eats away at the yet-untouched spirit
realm, leaving behind a blasted, web-filled parody of the land
that once was. Most horrifying of all, the seam's movement is
visible, slow to be sure but relentless and implacable. Any
Garou who allows the creeping wall to wash over her will
notice a unwholesome change in herself, as if a healthy shine
was replaced with an oily film. Some Old World Garou see the
changes wrought as a fine sheen of progress and coherence.


System: The ritemaster must make a Manipulation +
Rituals roll against a difficulty of 7, and can't use more dice
than she currently has in Gnosis. All other Garou must
successfully step sideways. The effects on non-Pure Ones are
intangible and depend on the individual; Pure Ones have
their Rage replenished and their commitment reaffirmed.

Facing the Final Journey
Level Two

Death comes to the Garou often, frequently painfully and all too
suddenly. Yet a Garou might have an inkling of his coming demise.
When a Garou knows he may be about to die, this rite is indispens-
able. It reconciles the doomed Garou to his fate, allowing him to
calm his dread, collect himself and marshal his resolve. The subject
and ritemaster together must construct a small hut from baked clay
in a secluded locale. Both now enter, and a volunteer seals the
entrance with more clay. At the center of the interior is a deep
firepit; the supplicant bestrides the pit and the fire is lit. Howling a
long, low keen of mourning, the ritemaster presents him with a
specially prepared draught. This potent mix of spirit blood, rattle-
snake venom and peyote soon puts the Garou into a trance. He
spends the rest of the long hours of the ritual straddling the flames
andslipping in and out of the Umbraas his trance waxes and wanes.
The closed environment in the hut is especially important to this
ritual. The concentrated, smoky air evokes Gaia's breath, the fire
personifies Rage and the spirit of Gaia is given form by the potion.

The ritemaster slowly recites a prepared speech, re-
counting the story of the Garou's life, reinforcing his sense
of pride and worthiness as a servant of Gaia. The rite
doesn't touch on the doomed one's future, but the knowl-
edge that one is facing probable death, having lived a
worthy life is certainly empowering. At the rite's comple-
tion, the subject breaks out of the hut, shattering the clay
in a symbolic rebirth.

System: The ritemaster must make a Manipulation +
Rituals roll, difficulty 7. For each success, the recipient
receives a temporary point in each of Willpower, Rage and
Gnosis. A botch indicates the ritemaster's narration touches
on painful or unfortunate memories, driving the Garou
into depression; the subject loses a temporary Willpower
point for each botch.

Rites of Renown

Enacted to acknowledge accomplishment or achievement,
rites of Renown bestow honorand praise upon Garou who have
earned them. Sometimes these rites involve tests, makingarite
both trial and reward. On the frontier, not all recognize the
status conferred by such a rite.

System: The ritemaster, having judged the recipient
worthy to undergo the trial or receive the honor, must
make a Charisma + Rituals roll (generally against a
difficulty of 6).

178 Werewolf: The Wild West


Rite of Accomplishment

Level Two

When a werewolf has distinguished herself by her words and
deeds, herseptenacts thisrite to honor heraccomplishmentsand
call upon the spirits to acknowledge her Renown. An elder calls
the subject forward, just as he might summon her to face
punishment or censure. As she advances, the elder recounts a list
of her recent deeds, and tells the sept that the Garou has rightly
earned her standing. With that, the ritemaster enacts the Rite of
Accomplishment, allowing any others who desire to step forward
and speak on the recipient's behalf to do so. In conclusion, the
elder says something along the lines of, "She is made greater in
her tribe, her sept, and among all the People. Let this be known."

System: This rite converts 10 points of temporary Renown in
a category into one point of permanent Renown. The difficulty
isonly 4; 6 ifanother werewolf disputes the rite (see below). Only
‘one success is necessary, but the spirits consider failure a sign of
the subject's unworthiness, and grant signs of the applicant's
failing to the ritemaster. If the roll botches, the sept realizes that
something must be truly wrong, and the applicant must undergo
a penance before anyone will perform this rite for her again.

Sometimes, though, another Garou doubts the applicant's
worthiness, and disputes the rite. This practice is particularly
common among Shadow Lords, who want to ensure that only the
truly worthy are granted such an honor. All a werewolf need do to
dispute the rite is to heckle the ritemaster and applicant, brazenly
pointing out the negative qualities of the applicant. The insulted
applicant must make a Rage roll; if she frenzies, the rite ends. But
ifshe keepsacool head, and the rite succeeds anyway, then nobody
can rightfully question her worthiness for at least three moons; her

septmates are forbidden to dispute any Rites of Accomplishment
enacted on her behalf for the next month and a half.

Rite of Passage
Level Two
The first rite any werewolf ever participates in is his own Rite
of Passage. Although the rite is easy to perform, ritemasters are
chosen carefully for this rite. Garou understand the critical nature
of the ceremony, and the impression it makes on cubs. During the
rite, which may last for several days, the young werewolf undergoes
trials which are designed to prove his worth to the pack, to the sept
and to the tribe. These trials, often undertaken by a pack of young
Garou, are decreed by the ritemaster at the opening of the rite. A
wise ritemaster chooses trials that are both challenging and
attainable, stressing upon the young cubs the difficulties facing
their kind, but not disheartening them with impossible tasks.
The tests themselves vary from tribe to tribe and ritemaster to
ritemaster. Some stress individual achievement, notably those of
the Get of Fenris and the Stargazers. Other tribes prescribe goals
which can only be achieved through pack coherence and coopera-
tion. On the frontier, as the war reddens and scars deepen, some
ritemasters subscribe to the ugly practice of sending their
cubs across the frontier (from either side) with various
missions of mayhem and destruction. Needless to say,
this practice is discouraged by responsible sept leaders.

Ifand when the cubs are successful, the ritemaster completes
the rite, often inscribing them with a ritualistic tattoo or scar to
indicate their full membership in the sept and tribe (although
they remain cubs in the eyes of their elders). If the cubs fail they
are generally offered asecond chance. Few tribes allow their cubs
a third such rite, and those who fail twice are lucky to survive.

Brand of Honor

Level Three

The deeds of Garou on the frontier are as bold and powerful
as the landscape itself. The septs who live there exist ina rough
environment, with little subtlety or finesse. This rite has been
developed by these frontier Garou. Although the practice was
begun by the Get of Fenris, it has caught on among Garou on
both sides of the frontier. The rite is performed to commemo-
rate a great and invaluable deed by a single Garou or, less often,
an entire pack in the service of a caern.

Each caem that practices this rite has its own brand, a variant of
its pictogram forged in iron. The hero is summoned into the caern's
bawn, where the brand is heated in a ceremonial fire. At the closing
of the rite, the caern's brand is burned into the Garou's shoulder,
marking him forever as a champion of the sept. Some werewolves
have taken to wandering the frontier looking for opportunities to
perform deeds which are worthy of these brands, and collecting them.

System: The ritemaster need make no roll to successfully enact
this rite. The Garou so rewarded sustains an aggravated wound and
must makea roll to avoid frenzy. If the roll is successful, the werewolf
gains 2 points of temporary Glory. Any subsequent brands achieved
from different caerns by the same Garou are worth an extra point of
temporary Glory (i.e., the second brand is worth 3).

Seasonal Rites

Performed at special times in the annual cycle of Gaia, these
rites are highly variable between septs, packs, tribes and places.
Each has its own local seasonal influences and requirements, and
the rites have been adjusted over time to accommodate these.
These rites have a critical social and spiritual function in the
affirmation of a Garou's connection to Gaia and Her seasons.

System: Each rite can only be successfully performed at the
proper time of year. Although the specifics vary, the required
roll is Stamina + Rituals. The difficulty is 8 - the level of the
caern where the rite is held.

Rite of the Equinox

Level Two

This is not so much a specific rite as a generalized description
of the celebrations that Garou hold at the turning points of the
year. Among the tribes and septs, different emphasis is placed on
different celebrations. The ritemaster is generally the caern
leader, and all Garou participate in the rite. These celebrations
signify the renewal of the Garou's duty to and faith in Gaia.

The night of the winter solstice, the longest night of the
year, is a solemn time for the Garou. The emphasis of the
festival is on vigilance and duty, and its passing is denoted by
anight-long vigil over the caern and its environs.

Chapter Six: Traits 177


ZOLE:

ox

The spring equinox is a festival of rebirth among many
humans as well as the Garou. Kinfolk mix with Garou on these
nights, and many cubs are conceived on the equinox. Inevita-
bly, the festivities stretch long into the night.

Midsummer is a serious occasion which is connected to the
Garou's strength and power. The rite involves many tests of
ability, and contests between members of the sept. Laced in
recent times with political intrigue, this rite is recognized as an
appropriate time to challenge leaders and elders, and has been
known to descend into violence.

The autumnal equinox is a sad affair as the werewolves face
the realities of the coming Apocalypse and their waning power,
just as the year dies and looks toward winter. The ritemaster
tells tales of old as Garou solemnly listen. Many bold and overly
brave oaths are sworn during this rite as the sept members try
to conquer the fear which threatens to overwhelm them.

Minor Rites

Spiritual creatures such as the Garou are constantly affirming
their connection to the world at large, its cycles and currents.
Almost every werewolf knows a few minor rites, small prayers to
Gaia and other superstitions. Generally these rites involve only
‘one werewolf, who performs the ceremony in private.

System: These rites can be purchased at one half the normal
Background cost: One point of Rites Background grants two
learned Minor Rites. They take only a fraction of the time to
learn and enact than other rites do, and quickly become part of
a werewolf' daily routine.

‘ Tear for the Prey

Although the spirit of the hunter is strong in the Garou,
most try not to blindly kill, orslay for no reason. This rite allows
a werewolf to make peace with the spirit of a being he has just
slain, either in battle or in the hunt. The Garou must take time
to kneel over the corpse and close his eyes, silently thanking
the spirit as it departs the body. This rite is never performed
over slain Wyrm-things.

System: The player must make a Charisma + Expression
roll to be sufficiently eloquent to console the fleeing spirit.
The difficulty is 6 if the Garou needed to kill to survive; 8
otherwise. If he is successful, the spirit is mollified and
understands that the werewolf needed to take its life. If the
Garou fails, or does not bother to perform this rite over his
kills, Naturae begin to mistrust the Garou and all Primal-
Urge rolls in the wilderness become one higher in difficulty
as the Garou is ostracized by the natural world.

Hunt Blessing

Before any hunt, the werewolf takes a moment to solicit
Gaia's grace and to praise Her and all Her works, principally
Her creatures. The Garou must choose a talisman to hold her
prayers; it may bea trophy of combat or an item of clothing, but
it must be carried on the hunt. This rite has almost as many
different forms as there are individual Garou, but it's always
performed immediately before the hunt, and in private.

System: Once this rite has been performed before each hunt
over three full cycles of the moon, the werewolf receives an
additional die in all tracking rolls. This boon lasts as long as the
Garou continues her prayers. If she hunts without praying, her
run is broken and she must commence again.

¥ Hail the Sun

The werewolf sings out a joyous welcome at dawn, following
thesun's long journey through the darkness beneath the world.
The werewolf howls an elaborate ululating greeting while
squatting atop the nearest high ground. The tones, rhythms
and duration vary with the season.

System: The adherent must greet the returned sun for nine
consecutive days. At high noon on the ninth day the Garou is
granted increased sensitivity to Wyrmspawn or Wyrm-taint; he
receives an additional die when attempting to sense any evi-
dence of the Wyrm. This ability is available as long as the sun is
in the sky. The benefit continues as long as the sun receives his
praises. If the character misses a day, the rite must begin anew.

v Welcome Luna

This greeting must be performed at Luna's zenith. When she
reaches her peak, the Garou must howl as loudly as possible to
attract her attention. The moon's phase determines the length
of the howl; the fuller she is, the longer the howl.

System: By performing this rite each night for one complete
phase, the Garou gains one die in all social dealings with
werewolves of that auspice. This blessing takes effect the next
time the moon is in the phase in question.

‘¥ Prayers for Rain

This rite can be enacted by a single werewolf or a pack.
Dancing in circles and pleading to Gaia, the Garou tries to
bring rain. Her pleas take whatever shape she thinks might
convince Gaia, from the ritualistic poetry of the Silver Fangs
tothe conversational supplications of the Bone Gnawers. Each
Garou tends to have a personal theory about what works best.

System: Although there is no roll as such, and also no hard
evidence that this rite works, it does seem to rain more often in
the days following its invocation. Repeated rites over several
days seem to have an increased likelihood of bringing rain,
though in some of the more severe desert areas, no amount of
pleading is enough.

‘ Chant of the Run

Thisrite isused in the New World before any longjourney. The
werewolf stamps and shuffles in one spot while turning a slow
circle, face toward the horizon. All the while, she chants to Gaia,
entreating Her for guidance on the coming trek. Upon completing
a full circle, the Garou steps through the Gauntlet. Glowing
footprints across the Penumbra indicate the best path to take.

System: If the rite is performed at the start of each day, the
knowledge of the best place to set one's paws makes any difficult
journey considerably easier. The werewolf gainsan additional die in

any travel-related task. This might be Stamina + Survival

to maintain a steady pace through difficult territory, or
Intelligence + Occult to navigate by the stars.

Werewolf: The Wild West


Renown

A Garou's Renown is measured in three distinctive areas: Glory
(physical prowess, boldness in the face of danger and victories in
combat), Honor (a Garou's sense of duty, ethics and morals) and
Wisdom (erudition, patience, cunning, insightandspiritual balance).

Renown isn't meant to work like experience points; it's a
roleplaying system. It represents cultural esteem, and measures
how wella character lives up to his peers' and elders' expectations.
A werewolfs Renown is therefore inextricably tied to his auspice,
since his moon sign defines his expected role in society. While a
character can gain experience from actions that contradict his
auspice role, he will probably not gain much Renown by doing so.
Werewolves respect Renown, and are expected to honor indi-
viduals who have proved themselves particularly courageous,
honorable or wise. Sarcastic backtalk to one's betters usually earns
one frequent losses of Honor, and often Wisdom as well.

Renown comes in two forms: the Renown rating (shown in
dots), which measures the character's permanent Renown, and
the Renown pool (shown in squares), which shows how many
temporary points have been gained. Each character has a sepa-
rate rating and pool to represent Glory, Honor, and Wisdom.
Unlike the Rage, Gnosis or Willpower pools, a Renown pool can
exceed Renown rating. Permanent Renown is a mostly static
thing, fluctuating only in dramatic circumstances. Temporary
Renown is much more fluid and fluctuates a lot.

Gaining Renown eventually allows a Garou torise in Rank. For
more information on this process, refer to Chapter Eight: Systems.

Beginning Renown

Garou characters begin with three dots of permanent Renown,
distributed according to auspice (see the Rank Chart on pg. 229).
This Renown has been gained over the course of the werewolf Rite
of Passage; if the Storyteller plans to roleplay this rite, players should
not assign this Renown until the rite is completed. Once this
Renown is assigned, the characters are considered to be Rank One.

Glory

Gaining distinction among one's people by winning brutal
battlesand accomplishing great things is the path of glory. Garou
with high Glory ratings possess larger-than-life reputations, and
carry themselves in a heroic manner, earning reverence from
other werewolves. Glory is the respect an individual is given for
martial prowess and brute ability to get things done. Werewolves.
gain Glory only by accomplishing great deeds.

Glory Creed
(as stated by Cyrus Canyon, Fianna Ahroun)
I'll be brave.
I'll do what I say I'll do.
Pil help other folks out when I'can:

T'lllook out for them that's not strong enough to do it for
themselves.

I'll stomp the crap outta the Wyrm.

Honor

Honor is integral to the Garou's adherence to the laws of
their own society. It is a combination of pride, dignity and
personal integrity. Gaining Honor among the Garou is a
recognition of one's dutifulness, honesty and steadfastness. As
such, it isa sign of deep respect and a source of immense pride.

ApersonofHonorholdstothe highest moral standardsandethical
principles, standing firm in the face ofadversity, danger or temptation.
The most honorable actions are those taken despite all detriments,
and even in the face of absolute defeat. Honor denotes a refined
sense of, and a strict conformity to, a rigid code of conduct — the
Litany. Deceit and fraud aren't viewed kindly in those seeking
Honor. What's more, Honor is also imperiled by frenzy, as a berserk
werewolfis likely todoall sorts of things that might prove dishonorable.

Code of Honor

(as stated by Cyrus Canyon, Fianna Ahroun)

I'll show respect to most.

T'll be loyal to the folks I care about.

I'll be fair-minded.

I'll keep my word.

If someone thinks they can prove something to me, I'll give them
that chance.

Wisdom

Although everyone gives a werewolf with Glory room, and
Honor is a fair measure of a person's character, the Garou with
high Wisdom is given an uncanny amount of deference. Some-
timesthe path of Wisdom conflicts with the demands of Glory, but
the greatest heroes, even among the Get and Wendigo, have
always been able to balance both. A person with high Wisdom is
thought to possess keen judgment and strong discretion, as well as
a certain eloquence and an ability to see truth and falsehood.

Wisdom is gained only by proving one's judgment and
knowledge in the midst of crisis.

Creed of Wisdom
(as stated to Cyrus Canyon, Fianna Ahroun, by Chattering-
Bird-Who-Foretells-Snow, Cherokee-Uktena Theurge)
Always keep a peaceful heart.
Seek the proper wisdom of each moment.
Donotabuse the many gifts of the world; keep respect anda grateful heart.
Mercy is a greatness of spirit; never forget this.
Think before you act and watch before you think.

Renown Rolls (Optional)

Renown rolls can be used to simulate Garou society's reac-
tions to a character. Such rolls are particularly useful during
social situations. The Storyteller can have a player make a roll
based on a Renown rating, or roll a character's rating to surrep-
titiously check how far the werewolf's fame has spread. Some
examples are described below by category of Renown.

178

Chapter Six: Traits

A

(=~ "ale

OX

Glory Rolls

A Glory roll may be used to determine whether or not a
character (and/or his pack) is allowed to accompany a posse or
to requisition combat equipment. It is also a measure of how
"famous" the Garou is, for those with high Glory are those
discussed in tales around the fire. A Glory roll may also
influence Garou in leadership positions and may affect situa-
tions when a character is leading other Garou. Characters with
low Glory aren't well-known, and those with no Glory atall are
often dismissed as spineless whelps.

Honor Rolls

An Honor roll may be used to determine whether a character
is considered trustworthy and honest, as well as whether others
believe he adheres closely to the Litany or not. Honor is of great
importance when dealing with elders, for itis Honor, not Glory,
that impresses these old ones. Honor rolls may also determine
how equitably the character is treated in certain circumstances,
and the Storyteller may even allow an Honor roll fora character
who might need a "sense of honor" about something. Those with
low Honor scores are viewed with suspicion; those with no
Honor at all aren't trusted any farther than arm's reach.

Wisdom Rolls

A Wisdom roll may be used to determine whether Garou
society considers a character wise or spiritually attuned. It's of
utmost importance when a character seeks to gain secrets about
the Garou. It can also be used to see whether a werewolf is trusted
with a sacred fetish or allowed to attend a special moot. Those
with low Wisdom scores often have their questions met with
stony silence; those with no Wisdom atall are viewed as buffoons
who might be dangerous to themselves or to others.

Rank

Where Renown accords what a werewolf is notable for,
Rank is the very definition of who's a doer and who isn't. The
tribes' greatest secrets are taught only to those Garou who have
truly proven themselves worthy, and the best way to do this is
by gaining Rank. Nothing earns respect more than a high
Rank; such werewolves have proven time and again that they
are the most competent and steadfast servants of Gaia.

All characters begin at Rank One, and may increase Rank
thereafter by earning Renown. Gaining Rank is fully discussed
in Chapter Eight: Systems.

Benefits of Rank

‘w Gifts: When a Garou attains a new Rank, he gains the
opportunity to learn more powerful Gifts. To learn a Gift, a
character must not only possess the required experience, he
must have a Rank equal to or higher than the level of that Gift.
The spirits' trust isn't earned by life experience, but by deeds.
The greatest secrets are reserved for the greatest and most
trustworthy Garou.

LO Ee

Werewolf: The

Bh

‘w Respect: Werewolves of low Rank are expected to defer
to those of high Rank, particularly those within one's tribe.
Werewolves of notable Rank (3+) are actually known through-
out Garou society.

w Challenges: Rank is also a factor in who may honorably
challenge whom. A Garou may only challenge another Garou
if there is not more than one Rank's difference between them.
Any deviation from this will cause the challenger to lose
temporary Honor (and possibly Wisdom, if he's picking a fight
way out of his league).

‘w Responsibilities: Garou of high Rank are expected to
lead, protect, and often mentor low-Ranked Garou; guard the
caern from invaders; and undertake great quests to further the
sept and tribe.

‘w Self-Control: Rank, as the sum of a Garou's Renown,
also indicates the "virtue" of that Garou. Werewolves of higher
Rank have, by their deeds and experiences, tempered them-
selves to the point that they are less likely to frenzy. The chart
below gives the frenzy bonus a Garou gains with each Rank.

Rank Frenzy Bonus

0 —

1 —

D Be

3: +1 to frenzy difficulties

4 +2 to frenzy difficulties

5 +2 to frenzy difficulties; 5+ successes needed to frenzy
6 +2 tofrenzy difficulties; 6+ successes needed to frenzy

Werewolves are, at heart, creatures of instinctand hot blood.
They have a connection to a primal side of life that humans just
can't understand. They're constantly at war, and their emotions
fit their role. Garou have no time to get complacent or lackadai-
sical — they literally live on the edge of the abyss. Alas, like
many good things, this has a less-appealing side as well.

Rage is a measure of a character's passion, as well as his
capacity for all-consuming fury. It's the violence and ferocity
and lust that churn directly from the dark wells of primeval
instinct, the unreasoned terror of the unknown, and the hot-
blooded hatred of that which destroys and despoils all that the
Garou loves. It's every dark and bloody impulse, every savage
thought, every headlong dive into madness possible, all re-
strained solely by the werewolf's strength of will.

Rage is important to the Garou; when channeled, it allows
them to perform extraordinary feats, but when it seizes hold of the
mind, itcan move them to deeds they later regret. Rage is also the
force that allows them to shapeshift between human and wolf.

Whatever its origins and nature, Rage dominates a Garou's
attention and energy. Much of a werewolf's existence is
spent trying to direct her Rage to good purposes, while

trying desperately to harness the dark impulses it brings. *

Wild West


LORI L

Rage comes in two forms: the Rage rating (shown indots), which
indicates your character's permanent Rage, and the Rage Pool
(shown in squares), which indicates how many Rage points your
character has left to spend. The Rage Pool can never be greater than
the Rage rating. When you usea point of Rage, youremove a square
from your character's Rage Pool, nota dot from his Rage rating. The
rating remains constant, while the Pool is depleted during the story.

Using Rage

Rage points may only be expended during the initiative
stage of a turn (see Chapter Nine), and only during times of
stress (for examples of such times, see Stress, pg. 260). Rage has
a variety of effects and uses in Werewolf:

tw Extra Actions: A Rage point may be spent to take an
extra action. A Garou may not use more Rage points ina single
turn than her Dexterity score. See Multiple Actions, pg. 234.

‘@ Changing Forms: A Rage point may be spent to assume
any desired form instantly, without requiring a Stamina +
Primal-Urge roll.

te Recovering From Stun: When a Garou loses more
Health Levels in one turn than his Stamina rating, he is
stunned and can't act for another turn. However, the
character may spend a Rage point to ignore this effect.

tw Remaining Active: When a Garou falls below
the Incapacitated Health Level, he may elect to make
a Rage roll in an attempt to remain active. The
difficulty of this roll is 8. Each success instantly heals
one Health Level — even if the wounds are aggra-
vated! However, a Garou may attempt this roll only
once, and if it fails he does not recover. Also, as with
any Rage roll, the risk of frenzy is ever-present.

There's an extra hazard for drawing on one's
anger to remain active. If the roll succeeds, the
Garou must roll an extra die on his Battle Scars
roll, adding the results of the two rolls (see Battle
Scars Chart, pg. 221).

‘w Frenzy: Frenzy is the primary danger of Rage. It's
the violent bloodlust that surges over Garou minds in
times of great passion, hunger or conflict. Whenever a
character makes a Rage roll and scores four or more
successes, he entersa frenzy. See Frenzy, pg. 221, formore
details about the causes and resolutions of frenzies.

‘w The Eyes of the Wolf: For every point of
Rage above his Willpower rating, a char-
acterlosesonedie onallrollsinvolving
social interaction with non-Garou.
The wolf-spirit is simply too
near the surface, and the
werewolf's presence
discomfits and even

frightens
those

around him.
,


4 Losing the Wolf: Ifatany time a Garouhasneither Rage nor
Willpower points, he has "lost the wolf' and can no longer gain
Rage. He cannot transform into any form but that of his breed until
he once again possesses Rage. He must first regain at least one
Willpower point before he may regain Rage. See Willpower, below.

Gaining and Regaining Rage

Rage Pools will fluctuate constantly during a Werewolf
game, as characters use Rage to gain extra actions, change forms,
etc, Rage points are regained in one of the following ways:

‘w The Moon: When the character first sees the moon at
night, something stirs deep in his soul. The character gains one
Rage point underanew moon, two points undera waning moon,
three points under a half or waxing moon, and four points if the
moon is full. If the moon corresponds to the character's auspice,
he regains all of his Rage. This occurs only upon first seeing the
moon on any given night. For this reason, Garou with high Rage
ratings are best left alone or treated cautiously during their
auspice moon. Full moons are literally the nightmarish times of
legend, as the high-Rage Ahrouns are tempted to just cut loose
and destroy by even the smallest things. More than one small
frontier town has vanished from the map on a full moon....

‘w Botch: At the Storyteller's discretion, a character who
botchesa roll should receive a Rage point to represent frustration,
provided the situation is stressful enough. Remember that social
situations can be as stressful as combat, and a botched roll is
even more frustrating during some social circumstances.

‘w Humiliation: The character may gain a Rage
pointduringa particularly humiliatingsituation. The
Storyteller, not the player, judges whether or not
the humiliation is enough to award a point.
Werewolves donotlike being laughed at. Thiscan
becombined with the rulesabove forbotching—
a werewolf who screws up in public is likely to
become quite irate.

‘@ Confrontation: At the Storyteller's dis-
cretion, a character may receive a Rage point
a‘ter the first turn ofaconfrontational situation,
j stbefore combat really begins in earnest, or
in any really tense roleplaying situation.
"his represents the anticipation of
danger, the raising of hackles as an-
ger rises to the surface.

XX

‘w New Stories: At the beginning of each new story, each
player should roll one die to determine how many Rage points
the characters has (up to her Rage rating). The points could be
more or fewer than those possessed at the end of the previous
story. This represents the inconstancy of Rage, as the anger can
fluctuate wildly over a number of days or as the moon turns.

The player is free to explain the Rage loss or gain, fleshing out
the life of his character between stories. If the stories are creative
or the excuses inventive enough, the Storyteller might be more
liberal with Rage points in the future, or might even add points
to the roll. Ifa player complains that her character doesn't have
enough Rage, she shouldn't worry — her character will get it
back when her auspice moon is in the night sky.

Gnosis

Gnosis represents the link between the Garou and the Sacred
Mother; it'sthespirithalfofawerewolfthat balancesouttheflesh. Gnosis
is the key to understanding the spirit world and the cycles of Gaia.

Gnosisallows werewolves to interact with the entitiesand objects
ofthe spirit world, for Gnosisis the literal substance ofspirit. Without
Gnosis, one can't contact the spirit world at all. Low Gnosis
scores make it difficult to touch the Middle Lands, while Garou

with very high Gnosis scores may find that the

boundary between the worlds of spirit
and matter blurs, making it diffi-
cult at times to distinguish
what is spirit and

what is
not.


Gnosis, like Rage and Willpower, comes in two forms: the
Gnosis rating (shown in dots), which represents your
character's permanent Gnosis, and the Gnosis Pool (shown
in squares), which indicates how many Gnosis points the
character has left to spend. The Gnosis Pool may never be greater
than the Gnosisrating. When youusea pointof Gnosis, youremove
asquare from your character's Gnosis Pool. The dots in your Gnosis
ratingremain constant, while the Pool isexpended during the story.

Using Gnosis

Gnosis can be used to do a variety of things, all related in
some way to nature or the world of spirits.

‘w Using Gifts: Many Gifts require either a Gnosis roll or
an expenditure of Gnosis points.

‘W Fetishes: Gnosis is used to attune to or activate a fetish.

w Rage and Gnosis: You may not spend Gnosis points or
make a Gnosis roll in the same turn that you use a Rage point
or make a Rage roll (though certain Gifts are exceptions to
this rule; Might of Thor, for instance). Tapping white-hot
anger tends to bollix one's spiritual concentration a mite.

‘w Carrying Silver: For each silver object he carries, a
character effectively loses one point from his Gnosis rating.
Some objects cause him to lose more. This is only temporary,
lasting about a day after the silver is discarded. A character
can also be penalized for any silver objects carried by his
companions. For more information, see Silver, pg. 219.

Gaining and Regaining Gnosis

There are several different ways in which characters may
regain spent Gnosis points.

‘w Sacred Hunt: Garou moots often involve a sacred,
ritualistic hunt for the good of the sept and the caern. The prey,
an Engling spirit, is summoned and then hunted down, either
in the Umbra or on Earth. After it is "slain," the Garou
reverently thank it for giving of itself, thereby allowing the
Garou more power in their battles against the Wyrm. All
participants in the hunt have their Gnosis Pools completely
teplenished. Because of the rites performed during this hunt,
the Engling is not actually destroyed, instead Reforming else-
where in the Umbra. See the Appendix for details on Englings.

‘w Bargaining with Spirits: Characters may attempt to find
a spirit, such as an Engling, on their own and try to convince
it to give them some of its Gnosis. The characters must be able
to communicate with the spirit (the Gift: Spirit Speech is
required), and the spirit will ask a small sacrifice in return, such
as a short quest or other favor.

‘@ Meditation: A character may regain Gnosis by spend-
ing time in meditation. He must spend at least an hour doing
so, remaining in one place and focusing on matters of spirit;
he may do nothing else during this time. The player then rolls

Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 8); one Gnosis point is
regained per success. However, a maximum of one

€ Gnosis point can be regained per hour that the

Chapter Six: Traits

character spends in meditation, so if a character spent only
one hour, but scored enough successes to regain three points,
he still gains only one point. This form of meditation may
only be done once per day, and the difficulty is increased by
one for each extra day this is done within a week (maximum
difficulty of 10). Meditation doesn't come easy to all cultures,
and many Garou have to be taught how to look inward.

‘w Between Stories: Players are allowed to make a Cha-
tisma + Enigmas roll (difficulty 6) between stories. Each
success indicates one Gnosis point regained.

Willpower

Willpower measures the character's ability to overcome
the urges and desires that might otherwise control his behav-
ior. It's probably the most self-explanatory of the three
"Finishing Touches" Traits — it's pluck, orneriness and
strength of will, pure and simple.

Willpower, like Rage and Gnosis, comes in two forms: the
Willpower rating (shown in dots), which indicates your
character's permanent Willpower, and the Willpower Pool
(shown in squares), which indicates how many Willpower
points your character has left to spend. The character's
Willpower Pool may never be greater than his Willpower
rating. When you spend a point of Willpower, you remove a
square from the Willpower Pool, not a dot from the Will-
power rating. The rating remains constant, while the Pool
will be depleted during the story.

The Willpower Pool will fluctuate greatly during the
course of a story. It is decreased by one each time the player
uses a Willpower point to have his character do something
extraordinary, such as retain self-control or gain an auto-
matic success. Eventually, the character will have no
Willpower left, and will be unable to exert himself the way he
could before. The character becomes mentally exhausted and
can't rouse himself enough to give a tinker's damn.

. Spineless

ee Milksop
Half-Hearted
Meek
Settled
Plucky
Stalwart
Diligent
ee Bull-Headed

eeeeeceeee Unmoveable

Using Willpower

Willpower is one of the most active Traits in Werewolf; there
are a lot of ways to use or regain it. There's a powerful focus on
Willpower in the game; you'll be paying a lot of attention to it,
so you really need to understand the following rules.


‘w Automatic Success: A Willpower point may be spent to
obtain one automatic success in an action. Only one point of
Willpower may be used in this way per turn, but it does give a
guaranteed suc In this way, it is possible to succeed
automatically in any simple action just by concentrating. For
extended rolls, the extra success can make the critical differ-
ence between success and failure. There are some situations in
which the Storyteller may not allow this use of Willpower.

‘w Uncontrollable Urges: At times, the Storyteller may tell
you that your character does something because of instinct, primal
urge or gut reaction ("You lose your head and attack the miners.").
You may spend a point of Willpower to negate this and do as you
please. The impulse might return, however, and you may have to
spend another Willpower point to keep fighting the urge. Some-
times it will return more times than you have Willpower, while at
other times you may completely overcome the desire.

@ Halting Frenzies: A character who rolls four or more
successes on a Rage roll flies into a frenzy, unless he makes a
successful Willpower roll to keep his head and control himself.
For more information, see Frenzy, pg. 221.

Recovering Willpower
Characters recover their Willpower whenever they are
able to rest or getachance to restore their self-confidence. It's

up to the Storyteller to decide when and how a character
recovers Willpower.

194

WO:

Listed below are three ways in which a character may
recover spent Willpower points. This does not affect the
Willpower rating, which may only be changed through
experience.

w At the end of a completed story (not a game session),
characters regain all their Willpower Pools, up to the amount
of their Willpower ratings. The Storyteller may wish to restrict
this recovery to packs that have at least retained some modi-
cum of dignity or who have achieved at least a partial success
in the story: , "You ripped the Banes to shreds, but didn't
manage to save the Brookshire ranch from the fire. Things
could've gone better, but they could've gone worse too. Regain
all your Willpower."

*@ (Optional) Your character achieves some notable suc-
cess during the story, and the Storyteller figures this would
cause him to recover his self-confidence, and thus all or some
of his Willpower; e.g., "Even with three silver bullets in your
belly, you managed to catch up to the train and rescue the
children. Regain three Willpower points."

‘W (Optional) Your character fulfills some criterion of her
auspice, thus regaining from one to three Willpower points,
subject to Storyteller judgment. This must be achieved through
roleplaying and approved by the Storyteller; e.g., "You're a
Philodox, so your success in averting a battle with the
other tribes filled you with pride. Regain two Will-
power points." &

Werewolf: The Wild West


SSSSSSss3

If none of the above options suits your style of play, consider
allowing characters to regain one point of Willpower after they
wake up each day. It's simple, and it guarantees a steady
recovery of Willpower.

Health

The Health Trait measures how hale and hearty a character
is, There are various levels of injury, each applying a different
penalty to the character thus injured. A character who is Hurt
has one less die to roll on all his rolls, while a character who is
Crippled has five fewer dice to roll. If this leaves the player with
no dice to roll, then the character can't attempt that action.

Awerewolfwhois broughtto Incapacitated by aggravated damage
is very close to death; if he loses one more Health Level, he dies.

Of course, werewolves are creatures of impossible grit. They're
a part of Gaia, and therefore part of the land itself. As Gaia's
medicine workers against the Wyrm's sickness, they aren't as
affected by the ravages of disease and injury as are other creatures.

[Though werewolves are often thought to be immune to
wounds, in truth they just heal so quickly that they don't seem
to get hurt. A Garou can automatically regenerate one Health
Level each turn. However, if he is involved in strenuous or
stressful activity, like combat, he must roll to do so (Stamina
roll; difficulty 8). See Healing, pg. xx, for more details.

Garou do have one major (and unfortunately, not all that
secret) weakness: silver. Wounds inflicted on a werewolf with
asilver weapon can't be automatically regenerated. Similarly,
injuries resulting from fire or the attacks of supernatural crea-
tures (vampires, mockeries, other shapechangers) do damage
beyond the realm of mundane threats. These wounds can't be
regenerated automatically, either; they're called aggravated
wounds, and are the bane of a werewolf's existence.

More details on taking damage and healing wounds can be
found in Chapter Eight: Systems.

- Heaurs Levens

—re———_

—— ‘

Bruised:

Hurt: = «i
Injured: -l
Wounded: 2
Mauled: 2

Crippled: 5 :

"Incapacitated: _

* stillmovingallright. ©
They tooka piece"

You'ré scuffed up,
but nor: hiridered in

You're hurt alittle,
_ burstillimoving just

fine. s
You're hurting, but

out of you; you can
walkbutyoucan'trun.

* You've been ripped

up good and ¢an
barely keep on your
feet. "© »

You're in real bad
shape. The best you
can do is drag your-
self‘crossthe grotind.
You're down for the
count, and can't
move at all.





When the moon spreads her pale light over the frontier, the
land changes. You feel it in your spine. You see the change as
dark shadows pool in the standing frames of ghost towns. You
hear nervousness in the snorts and whinnies of horses, and in
the pounding of your own heart. You smell the smoke from
burning campfires where people huddle close, afraid of what
lurks in deep shadows. You taste settlers' fear of the night, an
irrational fear born of dreams and ghost stories.

The spirit world reaches out for us in the moonlight. The
native tribes understand what the settlers deride in the day-
light as myth and superstition. Less than the thickness of a
spider strand away lies the Umbra, a place where dreams and
meanings live. The Umbra is the home of the totem spirits and
the place where nightmares live and breed.

Some say the Umbra is a mirror image of the physical world;
it reflects all the things in the physical world, and in turn, the
physical world reflects the spirits in the Umbra. The spirit
world is like a calm lake, reflecting the world around it, but if
you dive beneath the surface, you discover that it is far more
thana reflection. The Umbra is a mightier wilderness than any
other. There are entire worlds to explore, spirits of ancestors
and fallen gods to speak with, long-lost knowledge, ancient
artifacts and fetishes to recover. However, the greatest treasure

a wanderer can discover in the Umbra is himself. Only
by confronting the spirit world can a werewolf truly
understand what he is and his purpose in Gaia's plan.

Werewolves are creatures of both worlds. They are spirits
with bodies of flesh and blood. Garou still keep the ancient
knowledge of calling spirits across the Gauntlet, the barrier
that separates the physical world from the Umbra. Werewolves
know how to look beyond the physical world and enter the
spirit lands. The Garou need contact with the Umbra to feed

their spirits and empower their Gifts.

As the logic-driven sciences and philosophies of Europe
invade the Pure Lands, the gulf between the spirit world and
mundane reality widens. Belief ties the Umbra to the material
world, and as science "disproves" the substance of dreams and
spirits, the Gauntlet dividing the spirit lands from the physical
lands grows stronger. American Indians retain many ties to the
Umbra, revering many spirits. They strive to sustain the ties of
the spirit to the physical world, and most tribes understand that
one world is not complete without the other.

Now there's a war waging for control of the spirit world, as
colonists, pioneers, and settlers bring their philosophies to the
New World, strengthening the Gauntlet, separating the Earth
from the Umbra. Diseases of the spirit wrack the American
Indians and members of the Wendigo and Uktena tribes of
Garou. Native Americans and Garou fight back, using weap-
ons of the spirit against the tools of science.

Thisconflict crosses into the Umbra. The spirit worldchurnsand
boils in the American West. Forgotten entities awake from their
ancient slumbers. The Umbra itself seems to join in the battle to

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra 109

RPL REP

ODO


SY.
AY

SY)

preserve its ties to Earth. Great storms rage through the Umbra, and clouds of
darkness fall over many spirit lands. Angry spirits crawl across the Gauntlet
seeking revenge for being disturbed. Some Garou tell tales that the
physical world is cracked and the laws of nature no longer hold true in
these broken lands. The spirit world of the Savage West has eamed a
new name. It is the Storm Umbra, and its fury knows no bounds.

The Umbra

The Umbra is made up of spiritual energy. In the First Times,
the spirit world and the material world were one. After the
Severing, a powerful barrier called the Gauntlet separated the

two worlds. Each world cries out for the other, piercing the
Gauntlet in many places to reunite. The Gauntlet is part of
the Pattern Web, the structure of reality, and as such is too
strong for the worlds to shatter. A few beings, such as the

Garou, have the ability to break through the Gauntlet and

pass on to the Umbra. Many spirits, benign or malevolent,

also have the ability to reach the material world from the

Umbra, and to act on their ambitions.

Anything one can imagine exists in the Umbra; some
believe that everything exists in the spirit world in some
form or another. Dimensional pockets called Realms float
through the Umbra, and have their own physical laws.
Some defy all logic and reason, but most Realms resemble
Earth. They have ground, sky, sun, moon and stars, and
convey a sense of up and down. Garou experience the
Umbra with the same senses they use in the physical world
— things just seem a little...sharper in the spirit lands.
Colors are more vibrant;

me

ire more intense.

Some native Garou believe that the spirit world exists as
it appears, but they also believe that a greater spirit world lies
beyond the reach of the living. Werewolves of other tribes

have more complicated views. The Stargazers believe that the
Umbra is unknowable, for the traveler's own beliefs shapes her
perceptions of the spirit world. Others believe that those
closest to Gaia have the clearest awareness of the Umbra.
One portion of the spirit world, the Penumbra, closely re-
sembles the material world. The influence of powerful actions,
desires and beliefs seep through the Gauntlet into the Penumbra,
molding the ephemera, or spirit material. Extremely powerful or
repeating emanations travel beyond the Penumbra into the Near
Umbra, where they coalesce into distinctive Realms based around
ideas or concepts. The Deep Umbra is far too removed from the
physical world to be affected by emanations. The members of the
Triat— the Weaver, the Wyld, and the Wyrm— dwell in the Deep
Umbra, separated from the rest of the spirit world by the Membrane.
Many spirits live in the Umbra. They have different shapes and
powers. Purpose and meaning define the nature of spirits. Each spirit
isan incamation of its purpose, a meaning given substance. Some are
evil, antagonistic beings, while others are allied with the

Garou. Most werewolves divide spirits into two types
natural spirits related to Gaia, such as those of animals,


plants and wind; and supernatural spirits that serve other forces, such as monsters and aa
Avatars of the Triat. Most spirits have no physical form and cannot exist in the

material world without possessing or being bound into people, objects or creatures.
Some spirits can harness enough spiritual power to create bodies for themselves.
However, all but the mightiest of spirits find materializing exhausting.

One of the most powerful spirits in the Savage West is the Storm
Eater. This ancient monstrosity grows more powerful with the arrival
of the Wyrmcomer Garou to the West. Once a potent Bane, it now
fuses its essence with powerful Weaver energies, gaining enough
strength to dominate the Storm Umbra.

The spirit world offers Garou a source of energy and a sense of
renewal. Although born in the physical world, Garou have strong
ties to the Umbra. Places where the Gauntlet thins are called
caerns. Werewolves guard and tend these sacred sites where they
can more easily perform their rituals and touch the Umbra. The
spirit world offers hope and infinite possibilities for those who
can resist the fear of the unknown and the formless.

Gaia vs. the Tellurian

The werewolves refer to all of reality as the Tellurian
when they speak of the parts of the universe where mon-
sters dwell and dark evil things spawn. When they
emphasize the good and living parts of creation, they refer
to all of reality as Gaia. Both Gaia and the Tellurian are
the same — just with different emphasis.

The Garou believe that the whole of creation cannot
be understood by any single mortal. The only way to
comprehend the Tellurian is to become one with Gaia, the
soul of the universe. Too much emphasis on the here-and-
now spoils that unity; the way to reach Gaia and gain
spiritual understanding is through the Umbra.

The Nature of the
World

Werewolves call the center of the universe Gaia. She
anchors creation, and all things come from Her. The Umbra
surrounds and encompasses Earth, stretching out beyond this
center of life. The Umbra has three distinct layers: the Middle Land,
the Underworld and the Heavens. The Garou and all living
things dwell in the Middle Land. Dead things, demons and
monsters lurk in the Underworld, emerging only to terror-
ize the world of the living. The Heavens are distant and
unfathomable. Powerful entities live in the Heavens, and
bold travelers sometime seek out the powers above, but
Garou belong to the Middle Land and should not seek
things beneath the earth or in the sky.

Earth lies at Gaia's heart. The World Tree grows from the
center of the Earth, stretching its branches up into the Heavens
and digging its roots deep into the underworld. The North

American tribes say that the World Tree grows on the back of df a

agreat turtle thatswimsin thegreatoceanofthe Umbra. The . *
e shell of the turtle makes up the surface of the Earth.


Allother parts of reality are composed or shaped by the Triat:
the Wyrm, the Weaver, and the Wyld. Insimple terms, the Wyld
represents raw undefined potential — it is the energy of creation
in constant flux. The Weaver takes the potential of the Wyld
and givesit formandstability. Although the Weaver can't create
on her own, she can give order to the creations of the Wyld. The
Wyrm is the power of destruction that breaks down the forms of
creation. The Wyrm removes the dead limbs from the World
Tree and prevents stagnation — or at least, that's how it used to
work. Now the Wyrm savages the whole of the World Tree,
ripping apart living and dead alike, tearing at the vibrant as well
as the atrophied. The relationship of the Triat moves the
universe. If the Triat works in harmony, all things enjoy the
blessings of Gaia. If the Triat conflicts, all suffer its ravages.

The Umbra is the place where truth lives. If the spirit can be
healed, then the body will follow. The Garou believe that if the
spiritual source of a problem is found and changed, then the
problem is solved; cleaning the spiritual taint on Penumbral bluff
cleans the physical-world bluff in turn. The Garou have an
opportunity to fix the underlying causes of wrongs in the world,
through the Umbra. Werewolves can alter destiny and shape
reality; it's a heavy responsibility, but they take it on gladly.

How Things Began

It's impossible to put words to the truth of creation, for creation
happened at a time before words. The wisest shamans say that a
turtle surfaced on the great sea of eternity. The sun rose and warmed
the waters, and so the turtle fell asleep. Raven dropped a seed on the
back of thesleeping turtle and from there a great tree grew. The tree
reached up into the clouds and the realms of the spirit. Dead things
lived in the belly of the turtle, which became the realm of death.
Although the specifics of this story differ in the telling, most Garou
agree that this is very close to how things came to be.

The First Times

At the beginning of time, all of Gaia was unified and whole.
Matter and spirit were one. The Triat was in balance, and the cycle
of reality flowed without interruption. Individual creatures, both
matter and spirit, lived in this harmonious whole. Although they
possessed their own sentience, they understood their places and
purposes in the universe. Happiness and sadness were parts of
existence, and the first creatures shared their pleasures and pains
with all of Gaia. In turn, they felt the joy and pain of the universe
and suffered or celebrated with the rest of creation.

Life was eternal, but it was also ever-changing. Entities
could take new forms and live new lives, but they could always
restore their old consciousness and awareness. Nothing truly
died; instead it existed in acycle of eternal rebirth. This was the
time of the "true Gaia," when all knew that they were of the
Mother and Her universe. All was one, yet each individual
maintained its own identity. Anything was possible and no
limits bound creation. The Garou maintain that all living
beings have a memory of this time of wonder within their souls.

Werewolf: The Wild West

Then a great cataclysm shattered the Edenic tranquillity of
the First Times. Creation was torn apart; matter and spirit were
tipped from each other. A great fossilized barrier, the Gauntlet,
rose up between the spiritual and the material worlds, All
beings screamed as one in agony and terror. Never again would
they know the pleasure of the whole. Gaia was split, forever.

The werewolves maintain that all evil stems from this
Severing of the spirit from the physical. Before that time, pain
was an accidental warning of unintended consequences. After
the Severing, Gaia learned anger and rage, which she passed on
to Her children. There was death in the material world, and
dissolution in the spirit world. Creatures learned to inflict pain
on others for their own pleasure. Mortals and spirits knew fear
and isolation. Utopia was destroyed.

Neither Pure Onenor European can say forcertain what caused
the Severing. Some Garou blame the Wyrm, and say that the
Severing came with the birth of the Wyrm itself. A few believe
that when the Wyrm went mad, its berserk struggles were what
tore spirit from flesh. Others believe that the Wyrm deliberately
chose to sever the spirit world from the material world.

Most Garou lorekeepers say the Weaver went insane. She
began to spin her Pattern Web faster and faster. The Wyrm
couldn't keep pace with her, and the balance of things tipped
in favor of order. The Wyrm struggled harder to destroy the
Weaver's creations, but in a fit of blindness, it stumbled into
the Pattern Web. As the Wyrm struggled to escape, it grew
more and more tangled. Soon it was trapped for good. Unable
to fulfill its purpose, the Wyrm fell prey to delirium. The
mindless creation of the Weaver met random destruction by
the Wyrm. The cycle was broken.

The imbalance shattered existence. The order and matter of
the universe gathered in one world, while the creative spiritual
energies coalesced in another. They still interacted, but the
Gauntlet held the worlds apart.

Now most living beings, save for shapeshifters and some
others, are separated from their spirits. Animating spirits keep
mortals alive, but their true spirits lie in deep slumber unaware
of the cosmos surrounding them, unaware of their true place
and true purpose. The living can perceive and communicate
with each other's bodies, but only rarely can their souls perceive
each other and communicate. Many sentient beings have
distant memories and can touch their spirits in dreams, but most
of them cannot traverse the Gauntlet. They cannot reach the
Umbra. They cannot regain their souls.

The Wolves that Walk
Between the Worlds

The Garou can still cross into the spirit world. They retain
access to the Near Umbra and the spiritual Realms that float
within its boundaries. Although the Garou can pen-
etrate the Gauntlet, they have yet to find a way to
dersy ie barieeand etre Cale *


as

Werewolves mayslip out of the material world into the Umbra.
There isadanger, however, that each time a Garou passes between
worlds, she may be caught in the wall between worlds. The Garou
call the act of crossing the Gauntlet "stepping sideways."

Garouseekanswerstospiritual questionsin the Umbra. They hope
to resolve the problems of the material world by untangling the true
meanings and roots of those problems. A few werewolves seek power
inthe Umbra, butmany travel toseek ways to reunify Gaiaand restore
the heritage of the Garou. Unfortunately, the grim realities of the
Savage West lead many to think that if matter and spirit are ever
reunified, it won't be in their lifetimes, or the lifetimes of their cubs.
The Wyrm has grown too strong, and things look bleaker by the day

The Umbral
Environment

Garou are the finest scouts and pathfinders of the Storm
Umbra from the physical side of the Gauntlet. Werewolves open
Moon Bridges to travel from one caern to another via the
Umbra. The Garou step sideways into the Umbra and follow
Spirit Tracks and Moon Paths.

Although werewolves are the best of Earth's Umbral wan-
derers, they are not the only beings who can enter the spirit
world. Powerful shamans can enter the Umbra, as can mages
who may or may not respect the spirit world. What's more,
other shapeshifters can often navigate the Storm Umbra with
varying ease; the few remaining children of Coyote, in particu-
lar, seem to have no trouble getting around in the spirit world.

The fury of the Storm Umbra has torn rents and fissures in the
Gauntlet of the Savage West. Mundane creatures sometimes
even accidentally stumble into the spirit world. Most humans
who discover the Umbra don't live long enough to tell tales.

The Earth

Gaia sits at the center of the spiritual cosmos. Werewolves
believe the Umbra radiates outward from the physical universe. The
Gauntlet surrounds and permeates the natural world, dividing the
mundane from the spirit. Werewolves usually cross over at places
where the Gauntlet is weak, places they call caerns, or wherever
necessity demands stepping sideways. During powerful Umbral
storms, the spirit reunites with the physical world, opening a gate
between the two. The Garou call places where this happens
frequently the Broken Lands. The Earth is the mostimportant place
inall creation, and the Garou sometimes refer to it as "the Realm,"

aterm established by the Silver Fangs during medieval times.

The Gauntlet

Matter and spirit crave unification and pull toward each other.
The Gauntlet strains to keep the two apart. In some areas, the
Gauntlet has grown powerful enough to make the land

spiritually dead. In other areas, the laws of reality break
&: down and the Umbra bleeds into the Realm. As pio-

neers cross North America, map the land, build railroad

tracks, establish roads and communities, they bring the Weaver
with them. The unknown areas of the world, those brimming with
the possibilities of the Wyld, become fewer and fewer. Now the
remaining Wyld energies of the Savage West are out of control.
Storms rage that could destroy all that the Weaver has created,
throwing the physical and spiritual worlds into chaos.

Werewolves circumvent the Gauntlet in a number of ways.
They travel to the spirit world by focusing on their spiritual
selves and stepping sideways. They also enter the Umbra
through dreams. What's more, Garou often locate areas where
the Gauntlet is weak — caerns — and form septs to protect
these places and hold off incursions of the Weaver.

Every place on Earth has a Gauntlet rating from 2 to 8.
Where the Gauntlet is highest, entering the spirit world is
almost impossible. Areas where the Gauntlet is weak allow
easy access for those who know the way.

Area Typical Gauntlet

Great City

Most settlements

Well-traveled frontier

Unexplored wilderness

Typical caern

Powerful caern 2

wruan

Of course, these are measures of the Gauntlet in the Savage
West. In Europe and more populous areas, the Gauntlet is
higher. Over the last few centuries, the strength of the Gauntlet
has increased steadily throughout the world, causing a few
visionaries to cry that the end of all things draws near. Many
Garou travel to the American frontier because the Gauntlet
remains weak here. Some hope that they can reunite the Umbra
with the material world and rejuvenate all of Gaia in the process.

Caerns

The Gauntlet weakens in wild, primeval areas. At the thinnest
points of the Gauntlet, spiritual energy flowsdirectly into the physical
world. Theso-called lawsof nature give way in these areas to wondrous
and magical events. The Garou respect such sacred sites. Werewolves
guard their caerns from those who would leech spiritual energy from
the land, and jealously hold them against others who would twist
caems into their own images. Often, this means defending caerns
against otherGarou. Asthe EuropeansadvanceacrossNorth America,
native and foreign werewolves fight for caerns, wreaking devastation.
Many of the Pure Lands' caerns are lost to infighting and the influx of
powerful Wyrm and Weaver-spirits brought by the Europeans, spirits
which the Wendigo and Uktena have little recent experience
fighting. When the Croatan tribe was destroyed, a third of the caems
in North America were left untended, and neither of the surviving
Pure Ones tribes have the numbers to reclaim them.

Some caerns embody specific aspects, such as leadership or
combat. Spirits attuned to a caern's purpose inhabit the place.
Werewolves can often invoke arcane powers at such a site,
powers that are aligned with the nature of the caern.

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra 188


Caerns are rated in potency from | to 5. A Level One
caern of visions might provide a Garou with vague stirrings,
while a Level Five caern of visions could fill the minds of an
audience with detailed images of the future. The weaker the
Gauntlet, the more potent the caern.

The Periphery

At the edge of the Umbra, spiritual energy trickles into the
material world. This area, the Periphery, is the only part of the
Umbra that most living beings can experience. The Periphery
doesn't provide enough spiritual energy to aid the Garou, but
for those with unawakened spirits, the Periphery is a blessing.
Many humans will use any means possible, including opium or
peyote, religion, self-deprivation, or meditative sweat lodges to
access the edge of the Umbra.

ide de

the destination). Ifa Moon Bridge is opened outside of a caern,
‘West are attuinedito caems elsewhere in the world; only those recently captured by

es, that few caems i

When a mortal becomes aware of the spiritual side of the self,
she can touch the Periphery. She feels spiritually awake; the
spark of life within her brightens. Problems seem distant; her
mind feels free. Her perceptions are raised, and she feels a true
unity with all things. Anyone of any culture can access this
altered state of consciousness through a variety of means. Kin-
folk have a stronger tie to the Periphery than do most humans
and wolves, and some legends suggest they can use the Periphery
to contact Garou who travel through the Near Umbra.

Contacting the Periphery causes a person to enter a "magical"
state of awareness in which everything seems possible. A person
takes his expectations with him into the Periphery. A depressed
individual grows even more depressed. A person searching for
answers may suddenly realize the solutions to his dilemma. Spirits
cancontact humans who touch the Periphery. Sometimes, people

© es
_—) oe =—=
~~ t ¢ gas),
Caerns st ="
Gauntlet =... elghe al Distances
fore <. 1,000 miles x
ae 2,000 miles 5 ‘ ee
3 3,000 miles
2 e-6,000 miles
2 10,000 miles

pends on the rating of een where the gate is opened (not the rating of

traversable distance is:#000 miles: Note

* immigrants are likely £6 link to sacred sites on'other continents.

= : Caerm Types' F

Type Power Spirits Encountered
All ~ Qpen Moon "Bridge
Calm be Empathy, Meditation Peace, Deer-spirits
Enigmas Enigmas Ability » Illusion, Shadow, Chamaléon-spirits
Fertility Various blessings of plenty Water, Rabbit-spirits
Pp ee Ono Gnosis points. Englings; Ghosts eo

Z x Healing Health Levels Peace, Calm, Water
Honor Litany knowledge Pegasus, Eagle-spirits
Leadership me * Leadership, Intimidation War, Bird-spirits
Rage 2 ou4 Rage points War, Pain
Stamina ~~" a Soak dice Protection, Turtle-spirits
Strength Strength Attribute ‘War, Bison-spirits

* Visions Oracular Visions «Bird-spirits
P ~~ Will & Willpower points War, Ancestor-spirits Ps
Wisdom "Rituals, Expression. Owl, Ancestor-spirits Fp .
__ Wyld "\. Anything :: Wyldling a
‘The most common spirits encountered at these caerns are listed; however, not all are Brepent atall caerns
of the given type. eo
Open Moon Bridge may only be used if two caerns have completed the Rite of the Ofna Bridge. Most
native caerns will not open Moon Bridges to Eutepean | caemns, a vice versa.
i a ee
194

Werewolf: The Wild West


contact beatific spirits who can aid them; in other cases, people
draw the attention of Banes and other malevolent entities.

IfaPeripheral travelerencountersan evil spirit, he needs toleave
immediately, or he's easy prey. However, many of those who reach
this state of consciousness through drugs can't stop the effects. Ifa
human stays in the Periphery too long, he won't be able to handle
the shock of reality. Such psychic damage can permanently scar
one's personality. Only those who enter the Periphery by force of
will safely interact with it, since they can leave at any time.

The Garou believe that the Storm Eater can mold the bounds
of the Periphery at its whim, snatching unwitting targets over the
edge. Some humans in the Savage West who touch the Periphery
thus draw the attention of the mighty spirit, which entices them
further into their newly altered awareness, only to surround and
enslave them. Such victims often become mockeries, but others
return tothe physical world with their perceptionssubtly. . .altered.
The latter serve as some of the most subtle pawns of the great
Weaver-Bane, as they usually have no idea what it is they serve.

The Penumbra

The Penumbra is the part of the spirit world that corresponds
to the physical world. Within the Penumbra lie the spiritual
reflections of creatures and objects of the physical world.
Werewolves often enter the spirit world to reach the Penumbra,
where they battle Banes intent on polluting and changing Gaia
from the other side of the Gauntlet. If the Banes can alter or
corrupt the spirit ofa thing, the material likeness is soon affected.

The Penumbra, sometimes called Earth's Shadow, is a gray,
phantasmal place illuminated only by Luna, the Celestine of the
Moon. The weaker the Gauntlet in an area, the closer the Penum-
bra resembles the spirit world. The tone of a place, the emotions it
stirs — these things are echoed in its Umbral reflection. A hillside
seems more stark, the air sharper. A telegraph line drips with
glistening webbing, with the occasional machine-spider scurrying
along the line like a bolt of lightning. A desert seems bleak and
lifeless, or teems with the spirits of animals and the elements. A
copper mine bleeds acrid, metallic sludge. Whatever is most affect-
ing about a given site — beauty, pollution, tranquillity, menace or
what-have-you— becomes almost overpowering in the Penumbra.

The Penumbra holds the ephemera, or spirit matter, which
corresponds to the physical matter of the Realm. Only physi-
cal objects that hold large amounts of spiritual energy manifest
in the Penumbra. Old structures often have counterparts on
Earth's Shadow, but most (if not all) of the new settlements
on the frontier are too recent to cast spiritual reflections.
Spirits of the Triat move through the Penumbra, staying close
to objects aligned with their masters. Only spiritually Awak-
ened beings such as mages or werewolves have strong enough
spirits to cast shadows in the Penumbra.

Although a spirit can survive for a long time without a

physical reflection, a physical object or item cannot last
long without a spiritual counterpart. If a totem pole is
& chopped down in the Realm, its spirit lingers in the

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra

Penumbra for many years. However, if the spirit of the totem
pole is destroyed, the physical pole quickly rots and decays. It's
for this reason that the Penumbra is so often a battleground, as
werewolves fight to defend their territory on the spiritual front.

The Penumbra is dotted with Domains, small patches of
spiritual ground that correspond to sites in the material world
and the Near Umbra. These areas are almost always inhabited
by spirits. Domains siphon energy from related areas in the
Near Umbra to sustain themselves.

‘@ Blights: A Blight is an area of mixed Wyrm/Weaver
energies. The Uktena attribute most of the Blights in the
Savage West to the Storm Eater. The Blights appear in particu-
larly soulless or heavily populated towns as contaminated,
twisted, web-coated townscapes. Rumors abound that deep in
the Middle Umbra, a potent Blight has swelled into a Near
Realm, providing a new source of power for these Domains.

@ Chimares: These are dream Domains connected to the
Dream Zone. Every being that dreams may access a chimare. The
nature of a chimare depends on the types of dreams it represents.
Someare peculiar, surreal landscapes with bizarre inhabitants; others
are nightmarish parodies of the mortal world and its inhabitants.

‘w Epiphs: These Domains represent abstract ideas and con-
cepts. They are exceedingly rare and sought after by Stargazers who
claim to find great insights by visiting them. Most werewolves
cannot understand such places or the abstract entities that dwell in
them; Garou nature leaves little time for mulling over abstractions.

‘Glens: Glensare areas empowered by the Wyld. They appear
as ideal examples of the natural world, with talking animals, and
sentient trees and plants. They are found in any environment from
forest to plain to desert; a Glen may resemble an idealized watering
hole, a rugged mountaintop eyrie, a forested island in the center of
a river, or any number of similarly primal sites.

4w Webs: These are locations where the Weaver touches the
Penumbra. They are found in technologically advanced areas, such
as places connected to telegraph lines or railyards. Glistening metal
webs hang throughout this sort of Domain, and strange, insectoid
Weaver-spirits crawl along the strands. Webs are becoming more
common, but are still rare in the Savage West. Most immigrant
tribes are better versed in negotiating Webs than the Pure Ones.
The Uktena and Wendigo have almost no experience with these
Weaver-controlled zones. What's worse, the Storm Eater often
rends Webs with its very touch, tangling them into strange half-
Blights that are twice as dangerous to unwary travelers.

*¥ Wyldlings: These are places where pure Wyld energy touches
the Realm. Nothing stays constant in these areas, and dangerous
‘Wyld energies transform those who enter such Domains. With the
coming of the Weaver and the release of the Storm Eater, many
Wyldlingsare growing dramatically or moving through the Penum-
bra, twisting and destroying all Weaver creations they touch. The
incursion of European Weaver spirits into the Pure Lands seems to
have made Wyldlings even more chaotic than they were before.

There are other Domains, such as Trods (faerie circles) and
Hellholes (heavily polluted Wyrm Domains), but these and
others are rarely found in the Savage West.


SSSSSESN

Umbral Storms

As the influence of European colonists supplants the beliefs of the native
peoples, storms brew in the Umbra. The Weaver spins her strands of science
and technology across the Savage West, most visibly in the form of railroad
tracks that sprawl for miles across the previously untamed frontier. The
spirits of Europe follow the settlers, attacking native spirits in
a struggle for dominance. The resulting maelstroms
have created the Storm Umbra. Not even in the songs
of the Galliards can the Garou recall a time or place
when storms raged as they do in the American West.
The Pure Ones know that the Umbra touching the
Savage West wasn't always this volatile, but they have
little luck convincing the newcomers of this.

Umbral storms can force a pack off course, shatter
Moon Bridges, and wreak spiritual devastation on a locale in
the physical world. When a storm strikes an area, it manifests in disease,
famine and strife; gentle people start massacres; buildings collapse without
reason; booming towns are abandoned to ghosts. Storms tear holes in the
Gauntlet, creating sections of Broken Land, strange places where it is

possible to wander in and out of the Umbra. A few s| that Broken

Lands are small Domains of Gaia, twisted by the ‘orm Umbra.

‘The Broken Lands

Broken Lands are a strange form of Umbral terrain found only in the
Savage West. They are places where the Gauntlet has temporarily fallen
to 1. These patchwork locales shift from the Umbra to the Earth and back
again. The Periphery is very strong in Broken Lands, and many of those
who have returned from such places describe them as dreamlike.

Broken Lands travel with the winds of the Storm Umbra. Violent
"Umbral storms rend apart the Gauntlet for miles, leaving vast stretches
., of freakish terrain. Most encounters with the Broken Lands involve
taking a wrong turn ona trail and discovering a town or mesa not on any
map. At first, most wanderers don't realize that they've slipped into a
section of Broken Land. The inhabitants of such places seem uncon-
*-¢emned about goings-on outside their parts of the world.

Small coincidences and slight reality problems are the first hints that all is
* ‘pot right. In a saloon in the Broken Lands, a thirsty drifter may notice that his
drinkneverrunsdry. Themusic ftom the pianomayhaveahauntingecho. Low
cards may be beating high cards in poker at the next table, and nine aces could
_ te in play with no one complaining. Horses get skittish when they slip into the
Broken Lands, which is perhaps the first sign that something just ain't right.
The weirdness escalates, too. A gunfighter may drag the body of a Pattern
. * Spider into town to collect a bounty. A werewolf may transform in public without
"any residents being affected by the Delirium — or even noticing. In the wilds,
jackrabbits may chase and eat coyotes. The sun may not rise for days. All Broken
Lands have something unnatural about them. They are not healthy places where
the physical and spiritual worlds have rejoined, much as most Garou hope will
someday happen. Broken Lands are more like the result of taking a festering wound
and pressing another festering wound against it — in other words, a real mess.
Broken Lands are at the center of an Umbral Storm. This storm shreds the
Gauntlet, holding the laws of reality, as most folks know them, at bay. In most

strength. A forgotten caern, an ancient fetish ora sleeping spirit are possible sources.

Broken Lands, there are sources of spiritual energy from which the storm draws its &

Werewolf: The Wild West


Most often, the cause of the storm is an ancient or forgotten
menace lurking beneath the surface of a Broken Land, hoping to
be released by those attracted by a storm. If the source of spiritual
energy can be removed or cut off, then the land heals itself.

The Middle Lands

When a werewolf heads outward from the Penumbra, he
arrives in the Middle Lands, or Near Umbra. This is a land of
swirling mists, broken by hundreds of floating Realms. The
different Realms revolve around Gaia, just as the moon re-
volves around the Earth. These other realities are the homes of
many powerful secrets. They hide materials needed to con-
struct fetishes or perform rituals. Some Realms keep forgotten
knowledge within their depths. Most of the Realms have
rulers, who are usually powerful, unpredictable spirits.

The strongest of these regions are the Nine Near Realms. Each is
surrounded by a membrane that holds its spiritual energy together.
When a werewolf enters a Near Realm, he feels as if he has stepped
out of the Umbraand back into the physical world. All of the Garou's
natural abilities work, although certain Near Realms slightly alter a
werewolf's abilities. Each Realm has its own "physical" laws that
govern the local reality. There are many rumorsofotherNearRealms,
but they are not commonly known among the Garou.

In addition to the Near Realms, the Umbra is filled with
Domains, sub-Realms and Zones, including the Dream Zone.
Allofthe Domains described in the Penumbra have strongerand
larger equivalents in the Near Umbra. Each Garou tribe has its
own Tribal Homeland in the Umbra, a representation of the
tribe's ideal protectorate, and these are some of the strongest
Domains in the Near Umbra. Vistas float along the edges of the
Near Umbra, offering glimpses into the embodiments of abstract
concepts, such as Death, Chaos, and Stasis. Vistas cannot be
entered, but many believe they are windows to the Heavens.

The Near Realms

The Nine Near Realms formed when emanations from Gaia
combined with the energies of the Triat. Some of the Near
Realms lean more closely to Gaia, while others are closer to the
Triat. These are the most stable and spiritually potent of all the
Realms of the Near Umbra, although rumors abound of two
other Near Realms forming in the spirit world. One, the Atrocity
Realm, is rumored to be dedicated to the deaths and suffering of
the displaced Native Americans. The other is a growing Blight
Realm, called the Scar, where energies of the Weaver and Wyrm
mix with emanations from the factories of Europe.

te Abyss: The Abyss is a crack in the fabric of reality. A few
Wendigo say that the Eater-of-Souls, a gigantic Wyrm-spirit slain
through the sacrifice of the Croatan tribe, died here. Others say the
Abyss is where the Tellurian has come unraveled, opening portal to
places beyond the Heavens. The Abyss contains nothingness, no

light, nosound, nofeeling. Nothing that falls into the Abyss
ever comes out. Spirits refuse to enter this Realm, and
abandon any companions who insist on visiting the Abyss.

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra

 Aetherial Realm: This Realm exists atop the clouds of the
Near Umbra and extends out to the edge of the Heavens. Stars
gleam down over the Near Umbra from the Aetherial Realm, and
Incarna of Helios and Luna hold Domains here. The Courts of the
Spirits are said to gather in the Aetherial Realm, and Spirit Gates
tothe Heavens are rumored tofloat in the clouds. Garoucan reach
the Aetherial Realm by traveling toward the Umbral sky.

‘e Arcadia Gateway: Long ago, the faeries abandoned the
Earth for their own dimension. They left a gate in the Near
Umbra behind, which has grown into a powerful Realm. This
Realm assumed many attributes of the original home of the
faeries, Arcadia. A few faeries dwell here, sentinels assigned to
guard the gate, or outcasts who were abandoned by their fellows.
A few Fianna say that beyond the Gateway, faeries have changed
into something far different from the ones left behind.

‘¥ Battleground: Humanity's glorification of war created the
Realm of the Battleground. Here, spirit warriors continuously
reenact every battle from the First Times to Gettysburg. Blood-
soaked signposts show the way to each battle, and Pathways
provide access to battles from different times and places. In the
center of the Realm lies the Plain of the Apocalypse, where
Theurges know the final battle of creation will take place. Many
werewolves seek the Battleground to gain Rage and study the
spirit duplicates of their enemies. Others come to hone their
fighting skills and release their pent-up Rage on the ever-
renewing spirits, rather than on their packmates or families.

Erebus: This is the underworld of the Middle Lands, It is
aplace of ongoing torment where Garouare imprisoned ina lake
of molten silver. The silver inflicts terrible wounds that would
surely kill its victims, but the Realm sustains them so that no
matter how much they endure, the werewolves cannot die. A
three-headed wolf-creature guards the gate to the Realm.

Somesay that Erebus isacrucible thatpurifies the corrupted Garou
and restores them from Harano. Others believe that Erebus is the
werewolf equivalent of Perdition itself. A few European Garou,
possibly driven insane by the Storm Umbra, travel the Savage West
preaching "fire and brimstone" sermons about Charyss, the Silver
Lady and mythical ruler of Erebus. The sermons usually tum to
Charyss' demons and what they do to those who don't pay proper
homage to Gaia and her priests. These Perdition-preacher Garou are
known to attack those who dismiss their words out of hand.

4 Flux: This isa piece of the Wyld that has broken through the
Membrane. The energies ofthe Flux Realm makeanything possible.
Time shifts uncontrollably in the Flux Realm and Garou lose
controlovertheirtransformations. Werewolvesgather vastamounts
of spiritual energy here, and even shape the mutable fabric of the
Flux Realm as if she were a god. The Flux Realm lies at the center
of the mightiest winds in the Storm Umbra. A few Iron Riders say
tharthe Flux Realm needs to be driven back beyond the Barrier, and
that thisRealm is the cause of the conflict within the Storm Umbra.
Other tribes, like the Black Furies, believe that the Flux Realm helps
tokeep the Weaver from completely ensnaring the Near Umbra in
its webs. A few Uktena Theurges wonder if the Storm Eater itself
doesn't drink from the Flux energies to sustain its mighty bulk...

197


rrr

XX

‘w Legendary Realm: The legends of the Garou sustain a
Realm of their own. The ancient heroes of every tribe dwell in
this interconnected series of subrealms, living out their heroic
epics again and again. Garou who enter this Realm may assume
the roles of these legends and test themselves against the Realm's
recreations of these myths. A great debate rages among Theurges
as to whether the Legendary Realm represents the true actions
of the past or the interpretations of the legends that the Garou
have inherited. There, it is said, the Pure Lands remain pure,
guarded by the greatest heroes of the Uktena and Wendigo.

‘w Pangaea: The strongest of the Near Realms may be
Pangaea. This primordial world was created over countless
centuries as a reflection of the Earth that once was. All
creatures who have ever lived on Earth dwell on Pangaea,
including the great thunder lizards of long, long ago. Ancient
woods, never cleared by humans, cover the vast land. An
Incarna called the Elder Serpent makes his lair here. Many
shamans believe that Pangaea holds a secret to protecting the
Pure Lands from the Weaver, and quest there for answers.

¢@ Summer Country: Most Garou say that Summer Country
does not exist. In the Savage West, where life is hard and brutal,
this legendary Eden-Realm seems more like a story for young
pups or children than a Realm that Theurges should seek. Most
say that Summer Country reflects the time before the Severing
whenall beings were one with Gaia. They say that ifa Garou has
a transcendental experience and accepts the unconditional love
of Gaia, she arrives in Summer Country. Those who believe the
legends say that all wounds, physical, mental and emotional,
heal in Summer Country. Those who don't believe usually shake
their heads at such stories, and chastise the speaker for trying to
spread a hope that doesn't exist.

(For more complete descriptions of the Near Realms, see
Umbra: The Velvet Shadow.)

Dream Zone

One of the most mysterious areas of the Umbra is the Dream
Zone. It is a place of vast power, terrifying symbolism, and
chaos. Only the foolish enter the Dream Zone casually, for it
seems to defy the natural order of the Umbra.

Theurges often describe the Dream Zone as a beautiful gem
enclosing the Middle Lands and bordering the Heavens.
Werewolves respect it greatly, both asa testament to the power
of dreams and as a way of gaining special access to the Umbra.
Rather than entering the Umbra via Moon Bridges or stepping
sideways, Garou enter the Dream Zone through their own
minds, and move on from there. By traveling deep into his
dreams, a Garou arrives at the border of the Near Umbra and
the Deep Umbra. The werewolf somehow avoids traveling
outward through the Gauntlet, Penumbra and Middle Lands.
This is a potent, but perilous form of Umbral travel, because it
leaves the Garou's body behind, unprotected and asleep. In
addition, the Garou must survive the dangers of his own
dreams. The Uktena in particular make use of the Dream Zone

Werewolf: The Wild West

to go on dreamquests into the Heavens in search of strange
answers. Werewolves also slip into the Dream Zone through
Chimares, small dream Domains in the Penumbra.

The Membrane

A rainbow shimmers in the Heavens above the Middle Lands;
it is somewhat obscured by the clouded skies of the Storm Umbra,
butitisstill visible if you know where to look. Thisisthe Membrane,
the border between the Tellurian and whatever dwells in the Deep
Umbra. It is a much stronger barrier than the Gauntlet; only
certain realms poke through it. These realms are called
Anchotheads, and they are harsh lands terrorized by powerful
servants of the Triat. Some say that mystic realms float through the
Membrane, but although werewolves sometimes see islands in the
rainbow, they've reached no consensus as to their significance.

The Heavens

On the outer fringe of the Tellurian lie the Heavens, also
called the Deep Umbra. Beyond the Membrane, things don't
work as they should. Time and distance don't exist. The realms
of the Triat are the only places out there that any traveler can
relate to the rest of the Tellurian. Perhaps some bold scouts will
one day discover secrets and places beyond the Deep Umbra, but
if they do, it will make mastering the Savage West seem easy.

=
Night

Most malevolent spirits in the Umbra rest at night, making it
an easier time for Garou to prowl the spirit world. Weaver-spirits
slumber at nightfall, exhausted from their daily web-spinning.
Banes retreat to their Blights. Luna's light filters down through
the Umbra, making travel simpler for the Garou. But the Umbral
Storms don't need Slumber, and don't acknowledge day or
night. What's more, the perverted spirit offspring of the Storm
Eater have a dangerous liking for roaming at night, which can
put an unwary werewolf in a dire predicament.

= =
Stepping Sideways
All werewolves have the ability to travel into the spirit
world. They call this "stepping sideways," although many
Garou prefer the more respectful term of "reaching." To a
werewolf, stepping into the Umbra feels like walking through
a veil or curtain. Her body becomes pure spirit-stuff and, to a
physical onlooker, she seems to vanish.
AllaGaroumustdoisconcentrateon his own image inareflective
surface and then focus beyond the image — "projecting" himself
through a reflective surface. Any reflective surface will do: a mirror, a
still pool of water or a polished silver klaive. Some Garou have Gifts
that allow them to enter without gazing at their reflections. Many
native Garou step sideways by concentrating on symbols or totems.
Theyguard thesecret ofusingfetishestoenterthe Umbrafrom
the invaders; however, those who know this secret are so
reluctant to share it that the art is in danger of dying out. eI


To determine whether or not a werewolf can enter the spirit
world, a player rolls his character's Gnosis against the difficulty
of the Gauntlet. The number of successes determines how long
it takes the werewolf to cross the barrier.

Pack members choose a single member to lead them across
the Gauntlet. The leader only takes those willing to follow
him and those capable of stepping sideways; taking humans or
other non-Garou through the Gauntlet can not be done
without the help of a special Gift. All members of the group
must belong to the same pack; their bond allows them to focus
more clearly as a whole. The leader's player (likely the Garou
with the highest Gnosis) rolls for all members. In this way, all
members of the pack arrive in the Umbra together. Other-
wise, they risk being split up by the Gauntlet, or some
members will probably have to wait for others to arrive. If the
leader's player botches his roll, the entire pack suffers the
consequences and becomes trapped in the Gauntlet.

If a Garou is "caught," he is trapped in the Gauntlet, torn
between the material world and the Umbra. The werewolf is
bound in the Pattern Web and cannot move unless he is
helped by another Garou. Terrifying visions, some say the
Weaver's madness, come to the trapped Garou. His being is
half-matter and half-spirit. Physical beings are not able to see
or touch someone caught in the Gauntlet; however, many
spirits stalk the Gauntlet hunting for trapped victims. After
an hour of imprisonment, the Garou can try to complete his
trip through the Gauntlet again. Failure on the second
attempt means that unless the character is rescued, he is
trapped forever in the Pattern Web.

Disconnection

Garou often become lost traveling the paths of ancestors
and battling spirit storms. A werewolf who walks in the spirit
world too long becomes disconnected; the longer she remains
in the spirit world, the harder it is to find her way home.
Although most prudent Umbral travelers never become dis-
connected, all Garou should be aware of the danger.

Nonshapeshifters somehow brought into the Umbra face
even greater risk. Not being half-spirit like werecreatures, they
have a greater dependence on the physical world. If a mortal
spends too long in the Umbra, his form eventually fades into
spirit matter; he gradually forgets his previous life and becomes
aspirit himself. Walking the Storm Umbra is best left to those
meant to do so.

Umbral Travel

When a Garou steps sideways, he enters the Penumbra.
Since the Penumbra reflects the physical world, movement
occurs in much the same manner as it does in the material
world — running three miles in the Penumbra is the same as

running three miles in the material realm. If a werewolf

leaves the Penumbra by stepping sideways, he enters
the physical world in the location corresponding to
& his position in the Penumbra.

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra

be . Successes Shift Time

fe © Botch Caught

|. Failure Must wait an hour before

Big making another attempt

} ? One * Five minutes ~

¥- Two 30 seconds

| ° Three or more Instantaneous
——

A Garou can travel out of the Penumbra and into the
Middle Lands through sheer force of will. The Garou just
thinks about going deeper into the Umbra and starts moving.
The Penumbra fades, and the werewolf enters the Near Umbra.

The Middle Lands don't work like the Penumbra. Distance
is no longer constant. There are no landmarks or signs, just
swirling mists. The traveler should decide where she wants to
go in the Umbra and start walking. Time doesn't flow consis-
tently in the Umbra, so the length of a journey is hardly
constant. Travel times in the Middle Lands are at the
Storyteller's discretion. Sometimes, it is not possible to get to
one place from another without finding a trail or pathway.

Moon Paths

Usually, when a werewolf enters the Near Umbra, she must
find a Moon Path that leads to her destination. Lunes guard
Moon Paths during a full moon, but during that time they are
consumed with madness. The route is safe unless a werewolf
stops to talk with the Lunes— then she takes his chances with
the crazed Moon-spirits. Fewer Lunes protect the paths, during
agibbous or half-moon, but they are less of a threat to travelers.
Most Garou feel that Moon Paths are safest during these times.
If a Garou steps off a Moon Path, guardian Lunes may play
tricks on him, or even attack.

During crescent and new moons, Moon Paths are difficult
totraverse. Whenacrescent moon shines, a traveler must roll
Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 6) to follow the path.
During a new moon, Moon Paths are almost invisible. Garou
should not walk Moon Paths during a new moon, because it
is easy to walk off a trail without knowing it and become lost
in the unlit Umbra. The threat of Umbral Storms further
complicates matters, as a werewolf can be blown far off course
and never find his path again.

Spirit Gates

Some Realms have direct connections to other, usually
related Realms. These connections are called Spirit Gates.
They are usually well-marked, appear quite dramatic, such as
sparkling pools of water or swirling clouds of energy that fill
an ivory arch. A Spirit Gate provides instant transportation;
however, they are usually well-guarded. Werewolves seek
permission if possible before using a Spirit Gate, else they risk
making powerful enemies.


Spirit Tracks

Garou can travel the Umbra by following the airts used
by spirits. These tracks have no guardians nor are they
well-marked. Airts only last for a short time, and they may
dissolve beneath a Garou traveling them. If a Garou is lost
in the Umbra, her best bet is to find a spirit and convince

it to lead her to her destination.

Other Paths

There are many other potential methods of
traveling through the Umbra
though all have their risks. A
few Garou believe that
Wyrm tunnels wind
through the Um-
bra, connecting
Blights to the Deep Umbra.
Wyldlings seem to have the
ability to shift themselves and oth-
ers from one section of the Umbra
to another. The Pattern Web it-
self is traversable, if one can
avoid the Pattern Spiders. Some

SSSSSSS

ZILL,

XX

werewolves believe that there is a way to ride the fierce
winds of the Storm Umbra, but risk being swept to parts
unknown or torn to bits by the power of the storms. Many
other means of travel exist, but a Garou should carefully
weigh the potential dangers of little-used methods of travel.

Peeking

Most beings can't see what happens on the other side of

the Gauntlet. Even though every living being has a spirit,
most spirits of the living are in a deep sleep. Only people and
animals with Awakened, active spirits, such as mages or sha-
mans, cast shadows across the Gauntlet.
To see into the physical world from the Umbra, a player
makes a Gnosis roll (difficulty of the local Gauntlet). If he
succeeds, a shadowy version of the mundane world replaces the
Garou's vision of the Umbra. The werewolf normally can't see fine
detail, but can make out images

taring across the Gauntlet is like

looking up at something from underwater. You can see objects, but
as ripples move across the surface
Garou's player scores four or mort

images become distorted. If a
ses, the surface of the Gaunt-

Succ!

let calms and the Garou can see clearly enough to read a wanted poster
or count the beads on a necklace. In addition, the werewolf can smell
and hear goings-on in the physical world.


The downside of spying on the physical world from the Umbra
is that a Garou becomes completely unaware of the spirit world. A
werewolf might see the camp of a bandit gang, but miss the Banes
gathering on its fringes. Spirits that manifest in the physical world
are visible, but the werewolf cannot perceive spirits that are wholly
in the Umbra. Tosee from the Realm to the Umbra requires a Gift.

Most spirits can Peek at will. They can switch their perceptions
without rolls being made, and those that interact regularly with the
material world often do so habitually.

Spirits

A vast number of spirits walk, ride or fly across the Umbra.
They range from powerful and noble creatures who stride across
realms like gods, to pitiful wisps bobbing on Umbral winds like
tumbleweeds. Spirits don't bleed, and they don't understand life
the way physical creatures do. Some spirits have connections to
beings in the material world, while others are unique to the
Umbra. No one really knows how many different types of spirits
dwell out in the unexplored reaches of the Umbra, and no words
can truly describe the nature of spirits.

The one certainty about spirits is that they follow a
hierarchy. Big spirits breed little spirits. Little spirits create
smaller spirits. In some ways, spirits are like ideas. The large

powerful spirits are the overarching concepts, and the little
spirits are the picky details. The more powerful spirits are
patrons of the lesser spirits, which means that if you mess
with enough little spirits, you'll eventually run into some-
thing tougher and nastier. A few Garou say that some spirits
exist outside the normal order of things; those spirits don't
have patrons. This world certainly has enough drifters to
give that idea credence

Shamans regard Gaia as the greatest spirit or as the
mother of all spirits, but as somehow more than just a spirit
herself. Just below Gaia is the Triat. Beneath the Triat are
the Celestines, roughly the equivalents of gods, if you want
to put the power of the first four into perspective. Then you
get the Incarna, the chieftains and presidents of the Umbra.
Below the Incarna are Jagglings and Gafflings, the powerful

warriors and the expendables.

Into this mix comes the Storm Eater, probably somewhere
between Celestine and Incarna. The only thing certain is that
it is ancient and powerful. The Storm Eater breeds its own
progeny, dangerous minions with both Weaver and Wyrm
abilities. Those spirits scream across the Penumbra, twisting
and devouring all they cross, leaving ghost towns, madness and
pain in their wake.

Examples of individual spirits can be found in the Appendix.


Gaia

The Litany holds that: All are of Gaia. The most powerful of
spirits, she makes up all of the Tellurian. The good, the bad, the
indifferent: all belong to Gaia, even if a few werewolves suggest that
only theirdefinitions of good things belong to Gaia. Gaiais the spirit
of Earth, and the spirit of all living things within the Tellurian. She
loves all She has created, no matter what they may have done with
their lives. Gaia's love hasno limits. Life isa celebration of Gaia, and
death is just a transformation of Her spiritual energy.

Many native werewolves snarl that the Europeans have
weakened Gaia. They point to industry and invention as tools
of the Weaver that restrain Her life energy. They see the
violence of the Wyrm tearing at Gaia's soul. On the frontier,
the Uktena and Wendigo view their protectorates as the last
bastions of Gaia. As the pioneers sweep across the West, the
mists of the Uktena are swept aside, and their creators howl
with rage and anger at the loss of the Pure Lands. However,
many European elders say that the Garou of the Americas have
been removed from their brethren for too long, and only
through unity between all the tribes can Gaia survive.

=
The Triat

Although Gaia unifies all spirits, the Triat is the shaper of
existence. The forces of the Weaver, the Wyld, and the Wyrm
define the Tellurian through their constant interactions. They
are distant entities with no regard for anything they warp or
destroy. Unlike living creatures, they have few feelings; they
are raw power given form. The members of the Triat have a
purpose, a meaning to give them direction, but few would say
they have any real understanding of their actions or the effects.

The Wyld

The Wyld sparks creation. It represents change in its purest
form; more than maddening chaos, it is just as much a dynamic
force of transformation. The Wyld is possibility and potential,
for good or ill. Every living being contains a bit of the Wyld,
which allows creatures to make choices and gives them a small
amount of freedom. No shaman or Theurge has ever been able
to measure or control that spark of Wyld, but they know it is
there. The Wyld gives life to Gaia. Without it, She could not
survive. Nothing is possible without the Wyld.

The Wyld flickers like an eternal flame, never shining nor
moving exactly the same way. It isa forge reshaping all it touches.
Due to its nature, the Wyld has little personality or motivation. It
stays in constant motion, changing all aspects of its being with
each passing moment. Although the Wyld is a whole being, it
cannot maintain its creations without the aid of the Weaver. The
Weaver needs the Wyld to provide it with creations to fix into the
structure of reality. The Wyrm once used the Wyld to reforge what
it destroyed, maintaining the balance of the universe.

The Wyld is the strongest member of the Triat in the Deep
Umbra, where laws hold no sway over actions. But in the
physical realm, the Wyld has much less influence. Logic and

© 4

reason force possibility out of the world and impose limits that
keep the Wyld distant. In the Storm Umbra, the Wyld rages to
keep its ties to the Realm. The Savage West is one of the last
places where the Weaver's philosophy and science have not
forced the Wyld into the Umbra. The frontier binds the Wyld,
for it is the essence of change. Each day sees new possibilities.
Large tracts of land remain unexplored, and many regions are
not yet mapped by humanity. As Indian tribes, ranchers,
homesteaders and others try to cope with the changing West,
the Wyld gains power. However, most Garou see the surge of
Wyldenergy on the frontier as feeding the bloated Storm Eater,
giving it more power and strength as the monstrous Weaver-
Bane continues to devour Wyld energies to sustain itself.

Many Garou (especially the Black Furies) venerate the
Wyld. They see the Wyld as the power of change and
transformation, the fire of life, and the hope of a glorious
future. All dreams become possible with the Wyld. Werewolves
whosee dark times ahead as their numbers dwindle and magic
drains out of the world look to the Wyld for salvation. If
anything is possible with the Wyld, then even an outnum-
bered, overmatched and desperate pack can hope that its
actions might change the world and set Gaia aright. Al-
though the Wyld provides no direct aid to the Garou, the
hope and inspiration that werewolves draw from it may be
their strongest weapon in the struggles to come.

The Weaver

The Weaver spins creation into forms. From the turbulent
Wyld comes potential, which the Weaver works into the fabric
of the universe. It adds these newborn things to the Pattern
Web, fixing possibilities long enough to make them realities.
The Pattern Web holds the universe together. The Weaver
brings meaning to the Tellurian. Growth and progress are
possible. Infinity gives way to eternity. Order replaces chaos.

In the First Times, the Wyrm destroyed pieces of the
Pattern Web, preventing stagnation. Like a careful farmer,
the Wyrm took the weeds from the fields of the Weaver's
creation and tilled them back into the soil of the Wyld. In
this way, the Wyrm achieved the balance between the
Weaver and the Wyld. The cycle of the cosmos began, and
all things lived in a time of glory.

The cycle broke when the Weaver gained consciousness.
No living being can say for certain what happened to end
that golden age. According to some myths, the Weaver
looked fully on the Wyld and went insane when confronted
with endless chaos and imperfection. Others believe that
the Weaver looked on its own Pattern Web and saw no
purpose, no meaning within its strands. Some believe that
Weaver entangled and trapped the Wyrm within its webs,
where the Wyrm remains, struggling to free itself and de-
stroying creation from within. Some European Garou use
these myths to show parallels between the Uktena's
imprisonment of the Storm Eater and the Weaver's
imprisonment of the Wyrm, blaming the Uktena 2

Werewolf: The Wild West


for the current strength of the Storm Eater. This argument
all too often becomes a justification for seizing Uktena
caerns and driving the Pure Ones from their homelands.

Other Garou hold that the Weaver isn't merely insane, but
a calculating, mad creature intent on subjugating all things to
its desires. Many believe that the Weaver attempted to change
the order of things by imposing logic and causes for all actions.
The Wyrm was a threat to the Weaver's laws, and so the
Weaver attacked and bound the Wyrm, attempting to destroy
it through logic and causes. The Wyrm retains a bit of its own
free will and destroys creation in a blind pattern of its own
making. This random destruction weakens the Weaver, but in
the process harms Gaia.

A few Garou defend the Weaver, blaming the Wyrm for
breaking the cycle. They argue that the Wyrm was respon-
sible for the balance and failed in its duties. Some say that
the Wyrm tried to destroy the Wyld by turning the Weaver
against it. When the Weaver went insane, the Wyrmybe-
came the victim of its own plans.

With the expanding settlement and civilization o}
world, the Weaver now wields id th
other members of the Triat. Stagni
replaced the cycle of balance and rebirt!
completes her task, all of creation wi

the Savage West even now see dire'thing:
reading ill omens of the Weaver's con)
advance of towns, railroads and telegr:

The Wyrm

The third member of the Triat is the were'
enemy: the Wyrm. In the First Times, the.
balance between the chaos of the Wyld and
Weaver. It destroyed anything that threate
and kept the cycle of life in motion. Lik@™
Wyrm was deadly, but quick to give warnin,

When the Wyrm fell into the Pattern Web, it was bound
by the limits of the Weaver's reality. The Wyrm shattered
into three distinct but mad personalities, each one a de-
mented fount of corruption. The Garou name these three
heads of the Wyrm Beast-of-War, Eater-of-Souls and the
Defiler Wyrm. The Wyrm's madness prevents the Pattern
Web from calcifying it completely, but madness also drives
the Wyrm to tear at itself and the world around it with no
understanding of balance, only a desire for destruction. It is
a snake poisoned by its own fangs.

The Wyrm spawns decay, desolation and corruption. It
lacks the power to bring cleansing fires down upon cre-
ation, so it twists and corrupts all it touches, leading things
down the path of self-destruction. Those who are weak in
spirit fall victim to its power.

The Wyrm has many servants. It reaches into the

dark places that dwell within all beings. It whis-
& pers to them, tempts them and leads them to

destruction. Like a plague, the Wyrm's corruption spreads
through the Realm and the Umbra. Theurges can often see
the Wyrm's taint in the wasted eyes of alcoholic Pure Ones,
in the frenzied eyes of greedy gold-miners and in the slick
expressions of railway overseers and snake-oil salesmen.
Although the Wyrm isn't the source of all evil, every tainted
deed feeds it a little more.

Now hell-bent on its path of madness and corruption, the
Wyrm will not stop until all reality is twisted to its whims.
Once the corruption is complete, the Wyrm will free itself
of the Pattern Web and destroy the befouled creation — all
of the Tellurian.

The Storm Eater

Tales of the Storm Eater haven't been sung for centuries, out
of fear that the naming might awaken the powerful spirit. The
Storm Eater was imprisoned in ages past by the Garou of the
Pure Lands. The Uktena, Croatan and Wendigo created a
great net with the energy of their caerns to trap the Bane.

as their caerns were left untended. The
Banes and Weaver-spirits brought
destroys many caerns. Foreign
ns and snap the links of the net.
e once more. But this time, it
ven millennia to Slumber and
rou believe that it devoured a
r, adding the Weaver's strength
cing three strong unified nations of
es a mass of weakened, divided werewolves.
ing pressed by the spirits of Gaia, the Storm
ps all but unchallenged amid the struggles

ieve that the Storm Eater is an avatar of
ger of the Eater-of-Souls. Others fear that
is a more ancient force, a long-forgotten
enemy Of Gaia from the First Times. Still others say that the
Storm Eater is the first spirit of Gaia's Rage, a misbegotten
child driven insane by the fury that birthed it.

Most werewolves figure that the Storm Eater dwells high
in the Umbra above the Courts of the Spirits. Umbral winds
accompanied by fearsome thunder and spiritual lightning
rage across the Penumbra of the Pure Lands, warping and
destroying all who get caught in them. Nothing seems to
escape the wrath of the Storm Eater. Pattern spiders shatter
to crystal. Banes bleed dark ichor while Umbral winds tear
their pus-filled hides from their bones. Wyldlings are sucked
into the storms, empowering the disruptions with their own
spiritual energy.

Theurges say that the worst has yet to come. The Storm
Eater expends most of its anger high in the Umbra among the
tealms of the Incarna, but will turn its full fury on the Realm
before the close of the century. They say it will seek vengeance
on those who trapped it for so long: the Garou.

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra 203

3"

Sz
——

Yi

Re :
Se

 \ e's)


SS

ZOOL;

OX

Celestines

The Celestines are spirits just beneath Gaia and the Triat in
the hierarchy of the cosmos. The most revered of the Celestines
are Luna, the spirit of the moon, and Helios, the spirit of the
sun. Other Celestines include ancient spirits once wor-
shipped as gods by early man, and Avatars of the Triat. The
Garou know little of the Celestines or their motives. Most
Celestines are believed to have their own realms in the
Umbra, where they are all-seeing and all-powerful.

When Celestines choose to appear, they send Avatars to
speak to Garou. The Avatars are portions of the Celestines
that the Garou can relate to and understand. A Celestine's
true form is unimaginable; it is only through an Avatar that
communication between a Celestine and a mortal can take
place. For instance, if a great Celestine of Thunder wishes
to speak toa Wendigo, it shapes an Avatar into the likeness
of the Thunderbird so that the werewolf can comprehend
the Thunder-spirit.

A Celestine simply wills an Avatar into existence.
Celestines have as many active Avatars as they desire.

an entity less powerful than another Celestine. Celestines
have no Traits in Werewolf: The Wild West; they are of a
power that defies game terms. Celestines are limited only by
the Storyteller's good judgment.

Incarna

The Incarnaare the leaders of the legions of spirits that revere the
Celestines as patrons. Incarna have their own desires, powers and
goals. Some dwell in their own Domains, while others rule over
Domainsgiventothem by Celestines. Even iftheirpatron Celestines
are destroyed or devoured, the Incama survive. These mighty spirit-
lords also gain Gnosis and change their purposes. In the past,
some Incarna are said to have risen to the rank of Celestine.

Totem spirits are Incarna, and most are servants of Gaia. They
create many Avatars to interact with werewolves. Pack totems are
totem Avatars, containing a fraction of the power of an Incarna.
Totem Avatars are roughly the equivalents of Jagglings.

Like Celestines, Incarna wield so much power that they are
unaffected by any direct actions taken against them, although
this doesn't hold for their Avatars. A few legends speak of
werewolves who have encountered the true forms of Incarna

Celestine Avatars cannot be harmed or affected in any way by _ and gained great wisdom.

The members of the Wendigoand Uktena tribes cannot agree on how to face the threat of the Storm
Eater. Their Galliards howl songs about how the great Bane devoured Wyldlings until it grew too large
and powerful for any single pack, sept or even tribe to defeat it. Only through the efforts of the Croatan,
Wendigo and Uktena working together throughout their septs were they able to imprison it.

Now, the Wyrmcomers control the caerns needed to entrap the Storm Eater once again. Some
native werewolves want to attack the stolen caerns and take them back, but the Theurges know
that such a course would only weaken all Garou. There are not enough members of the Wendigo
and Uktena to defeat the Storm Eater as they did before, and the Storm Eater has grown more
powerful as strange Weaver-spirits have joined to its essence. The native Garou know that they
do not understand the Weaver these days, or how to fight its modern minions. They blame their
ignorance for allowing the spirit world of their Pure Lands to become the Storm Umbra.

However, if the Uktena and Wendigo do not try and reclaim their caerns, they may never get
them back. If they work with the Wyrmcomers, they may lose more land and traditions to their
invading cousins. It is a conflict of duty. Is it more important to fight the Storm Eater or to defend
their Kinfolk and heritage, even their very tribal identities? The Pure Ones have made many
sacrifices for Gaia, but many do not wish to live in the world that the Europeans are building. Many
native Garou have decided to join with the Wyrmcomers "for the greater good of defeating the
Storm Eater, but they keep their claws sharp and their eyes on their ‘allies'."


|

(ser ie can * — PS
. "Teas SronrwBorn

There are tales in the Savage West of anew type of ~ /
creature, the children of spirits and material beings
from Broken Lands. These are the Storm-Bor, strange,
mad and powerful-figures, formed of flesh and blood but
able to use the powers of spirits, Walking manifestations
«of the Storm Umbra, such beings threaten the ‘natural
© order and spread pain wherever they roam. The Storm-
Born are said to have signs of their spiritual nature on
their bodies, such as strange scars or eyes that glow in
the dark. Those who believe in the Storm-Borm say
thar the spawn have many taboos thar they cannot
violate, and.the same weaknesses as spirits. _
Most Garou don't think the Storm-Born exist.
They believe that stories of the creatures represent
encoynters with new types of fomori.

————

|

Jagglings

These are the servants of Incarna, and rarely Celestines, who
directly interact with Garou. They form from the spiritual
essences of their patrons. Most Jagglings are completely loyal to
their patrons, and most do not have free will. More advanced
Jagglings create Gafflings as servants. Jagglings teach some Gifts
toGarou, and the most powerful fetishes contain bound Jagglings.
Jagglings have some vestiges of an individual personalities, but
their purpose is inextricably tied up with that of their patron.

Gafflings

The weakest spirits are the Gafflings. These spirits have
little to no sentience. They serve their masters, who generally
think less of the Gafflings than humans think of animals, as
single-minded tools. Many Garou use Gafflings to forge fe-
tishes. Gafflings carry simple messages through the Umbra on
the orders of their patrons. Patron spirits commonly have
complete control over their Gafflings. Most of these underlings
welcome this control; they feel safest as members of a group.
Geafflings with full intelligence are considered dangerous, and
are suspected of serving mysterious and powerful patrons, such
as Celestines. Gafflings can teach Gifts to Garou; they are the
spirits that werewolves most commonly encounter.

== =
Spirit Traits
Spirits don't have the same Traits as physical beings; they
have no Attributes or Abilities. Power is a Trait unique to
spirits, which measures the mystical energy thata spirit can tap.
Charms are also the special magics of the spirits, roughly the
equivalent of Gifts. Spirits do have Willpower, Rage

and Gnosis just as Garou, but they are more defined
by these Traits, and use them for different purposes.

Willpower

Spirits use Willpower to take "physical" actions, such as
chasing other spirits or attacking an enemy. Conflicts between
spirits are resolved with opposed Willpower rolls.

Difficulty Action
3 Easy action
5 Fairly simple action
6 Normal action
8 Difficult action
10 Virtually impossible action

As with Garou, Rage measures a spirit's anger and inner
turmoil. By unleashing its Rage, a spirit damages other spirits
and even physical beings that are in the Umbra. For each
success on a Rage roll, a spirit inflicts one Health Level of
damage, or forces a spirit target to lose one point of Power.

Gnosis

Spirits use Gnosis for all Social and Mental rolls. They may
also use Gnosis to transform the parameters of a situation; for
instance, for a Water-spirit to convince a werewolf to relax a
bit and sit in the shade, a roll of Gnosis needs to performed.

Power

Spirits don't use their own Gnosis to invoke their magics.
They are composed of spiritual energy and could cease to exist
if they drained themselves to do battle. Instead, they store
mystical energy harvested from the Umbra. This supply of
energy is called a spirit's Power. Spirits deplete their supply by
taking damage and using Charms. When a spirit's Power
reaches zero, the spirit dissipates into the Umbra for a number
of hours equal to 20 minus its Gnosis, after that it Reforms with
a single point of Power. Optionally, a Garou who knows the
proper rite can bind a defeated spirit into a fetish; however, the
fetish is not usable until the spirit's Power is replenished
(through Slumbering within the fetish; see below). A Garou
who reduces a spirit's Power to zero may also elect to siphon up
to five points of Gnosis from the spirit to refill her own Gnosis.
This kills a spirit with five or less Gnosis points — a serious
offense to the spiritual community.

Charms

Every spirit has special powers, known as Charms. Most
Charms require the expenditure of Power to use. Most Charms
last for one scene. Combat-oriented Charms, however, last one
turn per use.

Common Charms

w Airt Sense: Most spirits can find their way through the
airts (trails) of the Umbra without much difficulty. It costs one
Power to find any particular thing. This Charm is useless during
Umbral storms.

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra


‘ Armor: Some spirits are tougher than others. This Charm
allows a spirit to have one soak die per Power point spent. This
Charm is the only way a spirit can soak damage. Spirits may use
this Charm at any time ina combat turn before damage is rolled.

‘w Healing: Spiritual energy renews material beings. The spirit
spends one Power point per Health Level to heal normal damage,
or three points per Health Level to heal aggravated damage.

‘W Materialize: A spirit with this Charm has the ability to form
a body and enter the physical world. The spirit's Gnosis must be
greater than orequal tothe Gauntlet where it wants tomaterialize.
When the spirit materializes, it spends Power to create its form
and buy that body's Traits. The spirit's player still rolls Gnosis for
Social and Mental actions. The Power point costs are as follows:
Power Cost Trait

1 Per one Physical Attribute dot
Per two Ability dots
Seven initial Health Levels (for the body)
Per additional Health Level after seven
(extra Health Levels increase the spirits size)

1 Per one Health Level healed (damage
regenerated for the physical form)

1 Weaponry: Per die of aggravated damage done
in addition to Strength (Bite is one die, each
claw is one, etc.)

Spirit forms have no limits on their Attribute and Ability
levels; with enough Power, anything is possible.

For example: A Buffalo-spirit wants to materialize into the
physical world to kill a hunter's horse. The spirit spends 17
Power for the following characteristics: Strength 5, Dexterity
4, Stamina 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, and seven Health Levels.

A spirit's physical form lasts as long as it likes, but it cannot
enter an area with a higher Gauntlet rating than its Gnosis. A
materialized spirit may not recharge its Power unless it pos-

sesses a special Charm thatallows it to doso. Ifaspirit's physical
form is attacked, the damage applies to the form's Health

Levels. A spirit reduced to zero Health Levels dissipates into
the Umbra and may not materialize to create a new body
for (20 hours minus its Gnosis).

Any aggravated damage aspirit suffers is applied
to Health Levels and Power. A spirit cannot enter the
yy physical world and always escape unscathed.

‘w Reform: Mostspirits use this Charm to escape from enemies. 7/
ao The Charm allows them to dissipate into the Umbra and
Reform somewhere else, usually a great distance
a away. A spirit must spend 20 Power to use Reform.

Specialty Charms
‘w Agony: The spirit may incapacitate a victim by
magnifying its pain. The target incurs double Dice Pool
penalties from its wounds. If the victim tries to take an action
witha Dice Pool smaller than the penalty, she burnsa Willpower
point tomake the attempt (and she has one die for the attempted
action). The duration is one round; the Power cost is three.


‘@ Blast Flame: The spirit has the ability to launch flame at
opponents. This Charm costs two Power per die of damage.

‘@ Break Reality: The spirit can disrupt the reality of an
object and modify the target's Umbral form. It's player must
make a Gnosis roll. The extent of the attempted change and
how plausible the transformation is determines the difficulty.
The number of successes determines how much of a change is
possible. A botch on this roll causes the spirit to lose a Gnosis
point as reality backlashes against it. The Power cost ranges
from two to 10 points (depending on the difficulty).

‘e Calcify: Weaver spirits are the only ones who can call
on this Charm. Calcify binds the target into the Pattern Web.
The Storyteller rolls the spirit's Willpower against the target's
Rage; each success subtracts one dot from the victim's Physi-
cal Attributes (or Willpower in the case of spirits). When
Attributes or Willpower fall to zero, the Pattern Web en-
snares the target, holding it forever. Allies of the victim can
shatter the Pattern Web (rescuers must score a number of
damage successes with attack or Rage rolls equal to the
successes of the Weaver spirit) to release the victim. The
Power cost is two.

‘# Cleanse the Blight: This Charm purges spiritual cor-
ruption in its vicinity. It is similar to the Rite of Cleansing.
Power cost is 10.

‘w Create Fires: This Charm creates small fires with a
Gnosis roll. The difficulty depends on the size of the desired
blaze (3 for a small campfire, 9 for a large-scale prairie
wildfire). The Power cost varies from one to five points.

‘w Create Wind: This Charm allows a spirit to call forth
winds. Power cost varies with the strength of the winds. A
breeze costs only one point, while a twister costs 20. Several
spirits can combine the effects of this Charm, although a
tornado is the most powerful force Create Wind may manifest.

"# Disorient: Wyldlings may completely alter landmarks and
directions with a successful Gnosis roll against a difficulty of 6 or
the Gauntlet, whichever is higher. The Charm costs two Power.

4# Domain Sense: Many spirits are tied to an earthly
domain, such as a forest, a stream or a mountain. This Charm
allows them to sense all that takes place within their sacred
domains. The Power cost is 10.

4 Flood: The spirit calls upon the waters in an area to rise,
creating great floods. This Power cost is five for each one-mile
radius. Affected spirits who use this Charm run the risk of
drawing the attention of water spirits.

@ Freeze: This Charm grants a spirit the ability to lower the
temperature in its immediate area. The cost is three Power points
for every 10-yard radius, and three additional Power points per
die of damage; anyone in the area suffers the damage. The first
three points reduce the temperature in a 10-foot yard area to
freezing; each additional three points reduces the temperature by

an additional 10 degrees Fahrenheit and adds a damage
die. Desert or Heat-spirits don't look kindly on those

= who use this Charm in their domains.

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra

‘v Frozen Breath: The spirit exhales a breath of chilling
frost. This Charm costs one Power point per die of damage.

‘w Ice Shards: The spirit flings shards of ice at a target. The
cost of this Charm is five Power per three dice of damage.

"w Lightning Bolts: The spirit produces bolts of lightning
and hurls them at an enemy. The Power cost is two per die of
damage inflicted.

"# Open Moon Bridge: This Charm gives the spirit the
ability to open a Moon Bridge to a desired location. A caern
does not have to be present. The maximum distance is 1000
miles. This Charm costs five Power.

‘w Shapeshift: With this Charm, a spirit assumes any form
it desires. It only gains the appearance of the form, not any of
the natural (or supernatural) abilities or powers. The cost for
this Charm is five.

‘@ Solidify Reality: Only Weaver-spirits possess this Charm.
Solidify Reality gives a Weaver-spirit the ability to spin the
Pattern Web, and reinforce the order of the Weaver upon the
Umbra. To use this Charm, the Weaver-spirit must make a
Willpower roll. With a successful roll, the spirit can erect a
practically indestructible barrier. The difficulty depends on the
plausibility and extent of the creation; it is a lot harder to spin a
Pattern Web ina wide-open desert than in St. Louis. The number
of successes determines the solidity of the Web. Power costs range
from one to 20 depending on the magnitude of the task.

Success makes the object or spirit stronger. An object's
effective "Health Levels" increase by one per success. The
effect lasts for one day. Each spirit may only use this Charm
once per day per target.

4 Spirit Wall: Weaver spirits can increase the Gauntlet in
an area by one. The Power cost is 10.

Tear the Gauntlet: Some Wyld spirits can break the
Pattern Web. This Charm lets spirits reduce the Gauntlet in an
area by one for a number of days equal to the spirit's Gnosis
(this Charm is often responsible for the emergence of new
Broken Lands). Power cost is 15.

w Tracking: The spirit can track its prey unerringly, no
matter where it flees. The Power cost is five.

sw Umbraquake: This Charmallows aspirit to cause the fabric
of the Umbra to convulse violently. The resulting Umbraquake
throws everything standing to the ground. Everyone within the
area of effect suffers damage from the force. The cost is five Power
per 10 foot radius, and two Power per die of aggravated damage.

4 Updraft: The spirit can lift a man into the air. Power cost
is three.

Bane Charms

‘w Blighted Touch: This Charm lets a Bane deliver the inflict
of Blight onto a target. If the spirit successfully strikes its target, it
forces the victim's player to make a Willpower roll. Failure
unleashes the dark side of the victim's personality until the next
sunrise orsunset. A botchon the Willpower roll means the twisted
personality takes over — permanently. The Power cost is two.

207


BR

SSN

XX)

‘e Corruption:
The Bane can make a
dark suggestion toa target. ‘W
For example, a Bane may
encourage a settler to hit his
wailing baby "to shut it up."*
Without thinking, the target
may try toacton the suggestion.
The Power cost is one.

w Incite Frenzy: The spirit
can drive a Garou into frenzy. i
Roll the spirit's Rage (diffi- vi i;
culty of the target's 2.
Willpower). The Power cost j

is three.
possess a material object or living
being. This Charm requires a suc- * :
cessful Gnosis roll (difficulty of thes' . ou
victim's Willpower). The number of Ss
possession takes to complete. ; i
Successes Time Taken
Six hours
Three hours

‘W Possession: The spirit may » t
successes determines how long the
One hour .

Fifteen minutes

UbUne

Five minutes
6 Instantaneous

While aspirit possesses its victim, it retreats toa dark section
of the Umbra, such as a Blight, and remains there, doing
nothing but concentrating on the possession. If the spirit takes
any other action (such as combat), the Charm's effect fails.
Banes surround themselves with others of their ilk as protec-
tion while they attempt possession.

Once the attempt succeeds, the Bane passes fully into its
host body. A Bane that posse: victim manifests powers and
abilities through the victim's body. Such possessed humans are
known as mockeries or fomori.

Recharging Power

Asa spirit loses Power, its form starts to shimmer and fade.
If it has been attacked, its wounds will be visible on its form.

To refresh its Power, the spirit must fall into a sort of
hibernation called Slumber. The spirit seeks out a safe place in
the Umbra and falls intoadeep sleep. For each hour that passes,
the spirit regains a point of Power.

While aspirit isin Slumber, itis relatively defenseless. Ritescan
easily bind the spirit regardless of its strength. If a spirit is bound
into a fetish, it enters Slumber and does not fully awaken until

released; the usercalls
on the powers of the fe-
tish, not the spirit. A new
fetish will not work until the
spirit within has regained its
full Power (which may take a
longtime with powerful spir-
its.) In rare cases, a spirit
may havesome degree of
\, consciousness while
) bound into a fetish.

Movement

Spirits may fly or float
through the Umbra. Some say
spirits swim through the Umbra like fish in the
ocean. Spirits may move up to 20 yards plus their
» Willpower a tum. In difficult conditions, such
‘@ a Umbral Storms or strange Realms, spirits
move less quickly; in fact, they may wind up

tossed about, depending on how strong or weak they
are. Storytellers should use their own discretion.

The Umbra is not a place of exact measure,
* however, and Storytellers should feel free to warp
space as they see fit. Naturally, the Penumbra is
*¢ roughly analogous to the physical world and distances
5 do remain constant there (one yard is one yard). But
when one wanders into the deeper sections of the spirit

@°" world, or when distorting Umbral winds sweep across the

Middle Lands or Penumbra, nothing is quite so certain.

Communication

Spirits have their own tongue, which they only teach to
worthy Garou (in the form of the Gift: Spirit Speech). Spirits
do not use voices to communicate; they share their thoughts
and feelings through the Umbra. The language of spirits is more
a way of understanding others than making oneself under-
stood. Some say this tongue came into being at the birth of the
world, before the Weaver spun words into being.

Spirits with ties to living beings may speak the tongues of
those to whom they are tied. Totem spirits speak the languages
of those who give them respect; for example, Uktena has no
difficulties conversing in Cherokee, nor does Stag have trouble
with Gaelic. Spirits do not always choose to speak the lan-
guages of others, though; many proud spirits refuse to use the
languages of physical creatures that they feel are crude and poor
ways of expressing meaning.

Garou Gifts that allow spirit control or interaction do not
require knowledge of spirit tongue in order to work; the same
tule applies to rites. The inherent nature of rites and Gifts
allows them to function magically.

Werewolf: The Wild West


Fetishes

A fetish is an object that contains the bound essence of a
spirit. The spirit's abilities are at the wielder's disposal. Natu-
rally, the fetish's powers are limited by the abilities of the spirit;
there's no point in beseeching a Fire-spirit to quench your
thirst in the desert.

Fetishes are crafted from the purest natural objects, and are
usually small enough to hold in one hand. Fetishes are often
decorated with symbols and objects that represent the spirit or
do homage to the spirit. Some fetishes are weapons, like knives
and spears; others take the forms of blankets, pouches, or even
dream-catchers or saddles.

All fetishes are sacred because they contain the essence of
spirits. Garou treat them with the utmost respect, and they
protect such items. Minions of the Wyrm often try to capture
and corrupt fetishes; what's more, they fabricate their own
Bane fetishes from the Wyrm's corrupt children.

A Garou must use a Rite of the Fetish to create one of these
items. A fetish almost always requires a willing spirit. Those
who force spirits to become parts of fetishes never fully control
the items they have made. A spirit will rebel in any way
possible, and such an item is considered cursed.

To use a fetish, a Garou must attune himself to the spirit
within the object. He does so by making a Gnosis roll against
a difficulty of the fetish's own Gnosis score. As long as the
Garou scores a single success, he is attuned to the fetish. If he
fails the roll, he may not use or become attuned to the fetish.
If he wishes to try again, he must first find a way to make an
accord with the bound spirit. The Storyteller determines an
appropriate act of respect.

For example, Windchaser climbs into the ruins of an
Anasazi cliff dwelling. As she clambers up the narrow rock
steps toa wall precariously balanced on the edge of the cliff, she
discovers an unexpected treasure, a War Bow, lying discarded
on the rocks. In a rush of excitement, Windchaser grabs the
weapon, claiming it for her own. However, her player fails her
Gnosis roll. The War Bow twists out of her hand and clatters
to the ground. Windchaser realizes that she must pay respect
to the people who once lived in this place and to the warrior
who fell using the weapon (if the War Bow is to accept her).

She kneels on the edge of the cliff and whispers a song of
praise to the ancient ones. She searches the site for symbols
and images of protective spirits. She pays her respects to each
dwelling and to the protective spirits. Finally, she kneels
before the War Bow and offers her respect, asking it for help

against the mockeries that menace her pack. Her player makes
her Gnosis roll, using a point of Willpower, just to be certain.
When she grasps the War Bow again, it feels as if it belongs in
herhand. If the Storyteller issuitably impressed by Windchaser's
actions, he can reduce the difficulty of the Gnosis roll.

Once a Garou has attuned herself to a fetish, she has an
empathic bond with its spirit. The attuned fetish travels with
her anywhere in the Tellurian (as if Dedicated to her; see the
Rite of Talisman Dedication, pg. 173). She also gains a basic
knowledge of the fetish's powers. Depending on the strength of
the spirit, the relationship between the Garou and the fetish
may continue to develop. More powerful spirits do not Slumber
as fully as weaker spirits, and may communicate with Garou
allies. Some may even make demands of wielders or pass on
secret knowledge. A Garou should go to great lengths to care
for a valuable fetish.

Each time the wielder wishes to use one of the fetish's

powers, her player must roll Gnosis against a difficulty of the
fetish's Gnosis. If the player wishes, Gnosis point may be spent
to activate the power without a roll.
Specific types of fetishes or talens may only be created using
spirits aligned with the items' intent. For example, a spirit of
healing will not willingly enter a klaive or other weapon of war.
Most fetish spirits are Gafflings.

Talens

Talens are simple fetishes. They contain the living essence of
spirits, and require Gnosis rolls to activate (but not to attune),
but may only be used once. After a talen is used, the spirit is
released back into the Umbra, and the object loses its potency.
Unlike fetishes, which may only be used by those attuned to
them, talens may be use by anyone (even non-Garou). The Rite
of Binding may create a talen by forcing a spirit into an object
after successfully defeating it in spiritual combat. Even the most
spiritually oriented elders do not consider binding spirits into
talens immoral, because talens are only temporary creations, and
the spirits are not be bound for long.

Atalen receives Gnosis equal to the bound spirit's Gnosis.
For each success received on a Rite of Binding roll, an extra
talen of the same type may be created. Talens are almost
always created with Gafflings, but more powerful spirits can
have their essences spread through multiple talens. A Jaggling
automatically adds two or three extra talens to the total.
There is no time limit to how long a spirit may be bound, but
the talen only has one use.

Sample fetishes and talens may be found in the Appendix.

Chapter Seven: The Storm Umbra 208



LE PR EL:

We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom

that is in it — and stop there; lest we be like the cat that sits down on
ahot stove-lid. She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again — and
that is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.

— Mark Twain

You've read all the background material, right? Well then,
let's get on to the business of the character and how she
interacts with the Savage West. A character's statistics are a
representation of what she is and what she is capable of doing,
but that's only the beginning. Once you've built your charac-
ter, he or she changes and learns in day-to-day life. There are
systems for handling these events and changes, and that's what
this chapter is all about.

Character Evolution

This chapter is about change. Watching your character
develop is, ina way, like watchinga child grow. The bonus here
is that there are no diapers to change, nor do you have another
mouth to feed. In Werewolf: The Wild West, however, there

are no guarantees that a character improves with time.

Chapter Bight: Systems

It's sort of like life: Appreciate the good times and do your best
to prepare for the bad. You can't anticipate every change that
your character will undergo. But that's for the best. If you knew
everything about the journey before youstarted, what would be
the point of going?

Character interaction with the world is broken down into
three sections: Character Development, Physical States, and
Mental States. Each focuses on a particular aspect of your
character's growth. Character Development pays special at-
tention to the physical ways your character changes and grows
stronger (or in some cases weaker) as time passes. It also
discusses Renown and how your Garou can rise and fall in
Rank. Physical States deals with injuries, how they affect your
character and how your character recovers from them. It also
deals with permanent injuries and death. Mental States details
systems for frenzy and the effects of the Delirium.


SSSSSN

ZLEZs

XXX

Character

This section covers the ways in which a

i character changes in power, skill and status.
ut

i!) Experience Points

Life is an ongoing series of experiences. Every experience
a Fouave changes you. Theres muchit beat Foreaintagwinton
bg. as you move through the years. The same is true for your character.
‘ "a Wy) Anyone who moves through life without change is just existing, not
Be living. A lot of folks never catch on to the difference.
To reflect the way in which experience changes your character, the
Storyteller awards you experience points to spend on your character. These
points represent alterations to your character that result from roleplaying,
and even from what is assumed to happen to your character between
stories. Sure you learn how to fight as a result of running with your
pack and battling the Wyrm, buta werewolf who tends bar during the
day also partakes in a lot of social interaction. Another character
who works part-time for her father, the local undertaker, might
learn a great deal about human anatomy.
The Storyteller usually awards experience points at the end
of astory. Some things are harder to learn than others, though,
and improving yourself often requires maturation and some-
: times grueling exercise. The costs of increasing your character's
SN Traits therefore vary greatly. (See the Experience Chart for
\ specifics.) Costs are usually based on the current rating of an
} attribute, which is multiplied by a certain number. The more
s to continue
to improve. It's easier to pick up the b: a skill than it is
to learn the intricacies that a master takes for granted.
Learning how to clean and bandage a wound is much easier
an learning how to properly amputate a gangrenous leg. A
ait can never be raised by more than one dot per story.

‘{ Only If It Makes Sense

Ad

you improve, the more experience points it cos

= Storytellers shouldn't let players spend experience points ran-
y e~ , domly. Any increased ornewly leamed Traitshould make sense
2 1-40) ‘ecco to thie story and shoukin's be gained emmy becuse
§ » aplayer wants a tougher character. If a character hasn't been
beyondcity limitsin weeks, howcan her Survival score increase?

Trait changes don't have to be based on a character's
successes, either. We learn from all our experiences. If a
character lives in the desert eating snakes and jackrabbits for
a week, she learns from the trial whether she went hungry
most of the time or lived comfortably.

Trait increases should reflect what occurs ina story, or what
is developed about a character's mundane life. Make both the
player and the character work for what the character learns. In
; doingso, you bringa sense of reality to the story. The more
realistic the story, the more powerful the storytelling

event, and the more the character develops as a person. &


Awarding
Experience Points

The Storyteller needs to maintain a balance when awarding
experience points. The numbers should not only reflect how the
players portray their characters, but should also be a check-and-
balance system that ensures no one character overpowers his
packmates. If Kyle's Shadow Lord is far stronger than John's Red
Talon when they've both been in the same number of stories and
both started at the same power level, something has gone wrong.

The following set of guidelines helps maintain experience
balance. Ultimately the Storytellerdecides how experience points
are allocated depending on what types of stories he and his players
want to tell, and at what pace they want the characters to grow.

End of Each Chapter

Give each character one to five experience points at the end
of each chapter or game session, based on the qualifications
discussed below. Everyone gets at least one point, whether the
pack succeeds at its mission or not. This minimal experience
award represents characters' development in everyday life.

‘@ One Point — Automatic: Each player gets one point
after every game session.

‘w One Point — Learning Curve: The character learns
somethingfrom his experiences during the chapter. Thisshouldn't
be awarded automatically; it should be awarded only if the
player can account for what the
character learned during the \
course of the session. \ Hi /

4@ One Point — Acting: The player roleplays well — not
only entertainingly, but appropriately. Award exceptional
roleplaying only; your standards should go up as the story
progresses. This point is awarded to only one or two players in
the group, the ones who do the best roleplaying.

w One Point — Concept: The player acts true to her
character's concept. In most cases, this has less to do with
accurately depicting personality traits and the like (the pur-
view of "Acting," above) and more to do with auspice roles. An
Ahroun who suffers a bout of cowardice and avoids a fight
qualifies for an "Acting" bonus, but isn't as true to his concept.

*W One Point — Heroism: When a character risks himself
for others — perhaps by scooping up a lit stick of dynamite and
carrying it out of amine where the other characters are trapped
— give him an experience point. Don't let the players abuse
your generosity; award for true courage, not for exceptional
acts of stupidity.

End of Each Story

At the end of each story, award one to three additional
experience points to each character to reflect what the charac-
ters learn over the long haul. These points are in addition to
what the characters earn after any chapter.

‘ One Point — Success: The pack is successful in its
mission. Perhaps it wasn'ta complete success or
a Pyrrhic victory, but even if half the
pack died in binding a Pestilence-
spirit forever, it's still
a victory.

SA 4)


‘w One Point — Danger: The character faced true peril and
lived to tell the tale.

‘¥ One Point — Wisdom: The character used his wits to
save the day, possibly coming up with the idea that made the
difference between success and failure.

Again, these are example experience points allocations. If you
feel that characters should receive fewer points, they are forced to
grow ata slower rate. If you want characters to become strong and
skilled quickly, increase the value of these experience conditions or
simply award points based on what you feel the characters deserve.

Spending Experience

There is a variety of things that players can spend their
experience points on.

Backgrounds

Background Traits can't be increased with the expenditure
of experience points. (The only exception to this rule is the
Totem Trait — see below.) Background Traits are left in the
hands of the Storyteller. The Backgrounds that players pur-
chase when they create their characters are merely what those
characters have at the beginning of the chronicle. Events may
disqualify Backgrounds or introduce new ones. For instance, a
starting character who has the Mentor Background might lose
her patron during the course of the chronicle, or an impover-
ished character might strike the mother lode.

Chronicle events and their effects on characters' Back-
grounds can even defy tribal restrictions, if only for a little
while. A Bone Gnawer who suddenly comes into money might
go on an extravagant spending spree for his tribe or sept, but
end up back in the gutter where he started.

The Storytellershould take note ofany changes inacharacter's
Backgrounds and have the player make the appropriate modifi-
cations. A player might ask if her Background Traits should
change, but this shouldn't happen very often (especially in the
case of Pure Breed, which is impossible to change).

The Storyteller may design a list of requirements for Back-
ground Trait changes. Characters must meet specifications for
each Background Trait before increasing score. To gain a new
Contact, for example, a character might have to meet the
individual and befriend him or perhaps buy his services.

| Experience Chart

— te

Attribute * current rating x 4°
Ability Cirrentrating x 2,7
New Ability SER) :

_ Gift ¥ Level of Gift x3

£ Gift. from other breed/auspice/tribe ~ Level of Gift x 5"

* Rage current rating
Gnosis * _ current rating x 27,

214 Werewolf: The Wild West

Changes in Background ratings, for better or worse, should take
place during a story. Background Traits normally change one dot
at a time, but major events can lead to dramatic gains or losses.

The exception to these rules is the Totem Background. It can
be raised through experience points, but the players should still
roleplay the spirit's increase in power. A pack typically strength-
ens its patron spirit by heeding its Ban and offering it chiminage
from time to time. (Such chiminage takes the form of reciting
songs of praise, or making offerings appropriate to the totem's
nature — dedicating a portion of a kill to Fenris, for instance, or
presenting small, shiny objects to Raven.) Just as each playercan
chip in on the initial cost of a pack totem, each can also choose
to invest further experience points into the totem-spirit itself.

Gaining Rage

Players can buy permanent Rage with experience points.
This allows a player to spend more Rage during the course of a
story, and increases his character's chances of entering frenzy.
This can be justified by becoming more in touch with one's
warrior self, by witnessing horrible atrocities (which are com-
mon in the Savage West) or by losing loved ones.

Gaining Gnosis

Permanent Gnosis is purchased with experience points, in-
creasing characters' ability to step sideways, and strengthening
their spiritual connections with Gaia. Such an increase might be
rationalized with meditation, special insight or spiritual guidance.

Gaining Willpower

Players spend experience points to increase permanent Will-
power scores. However, gaining Willpower is moderated by the
Storyteller. The player doesn't simply add dots to his sheet; the
character must earn Willpower in the context of the chronicle. The
points are justified by a victory in a story, or used as inspiration for
a story unto themselves. The Storyteller might account for extra
Willpower points by sending a character on a quest to retrieve a
long-lost family heirloom, or by having her undergo the Sun Dance.

Characterscanalso lose permanent Willpower. A character loses
a point whenever she botches a Willpower roll. The only exception
to this rule is that characters cannot lose permanent Willpower
while using Gifts that must be activated with Willpower rolls.

Awarding Renown

Renown is the foundation of Garou society. Werewolves
cannot establish places for themselves within their societies nor
rise in tribe or sept hierarchy without increasing Renown. Re-
nown reflects other werewolves' opinions of a character. A
werewolf not only can improve his standing according to his
behavior in day-to-day life, he can also pursue status. Garou often
seek to make names for themselves.

The Storyteller awards three specific types of Renown:

Glory, Honor and Wisdom. If a werewolf slays a Wyrm

creature, he gains Glory. Ifhe preventsa violation of the i


Litany, he gains Honor. If he solves a riddle set forth by a spirit, he
gains Wisdom. Players can't choose where awarded Renown goes,
theStorytellerdecides. Likewise, aplayercan'texchangean award
of Glory for Wisdom Renown simply because his character needs
more Wisdom to increase in Rank. Renown reflects a character's
deeds. Ahroun naturally strive for Glory Renown over Wisdom,
while Theurges are more concerned with Wisdom. Players need
to pay attention to their characters' auspice roles and concepts if
they want their characters to rise in Rank quickly.

Whenever werewolves work together toaccomplish an act, they
share the Renown earned. A pack that brings peace to two warring
septs wins Honor for each member. The Storyteller is encouraged
to award an appropriate bonus to each werewolf, rather than divide
areward amongst the pack — if the pack is suitably rewarded for its
teamwork, it is more likely to work well together in the future.

Carrots and Sticks

Renown is awarded at the end of agame session orat the end
of a story, whichever the Storyteller prefers. In Garou society,
werewolves earn Renown at moots, where they are recognized
for their deeds. Storytellers can also award or revoke temporary
Renown during play. Use of temporary Renown makes for easy
bookkeeping, but requires that the Storyteller be familiar with
the Renown system so that play isn't interrupted while appro-
priate Renown awards are looked up.

G sos g
ainin
Temporary Renown

Temporary Renown is only awarded during play. It is indicated
on the character sheet by the squares listed under each Renown
type. One square represents one point of temporary Renown. A
character's temporary Renown is often higher than his perma-
nent. Temporary Renown isa simple means by which to measure
when acharacter is due for an increase in permanent Renown. As
atule of thumb, 10 temporary points of Renown are worth one
permanent dot. When temporary Renown is cashed in for perma-
nent, the character is reduced to zero temporary Renown.
Otherwise, temporary Renown has no direct effect on play.

Refer to the Renown Awards Chart at the end of this
chapter for sample Glory, Honor and Wisdom awards. This list
is in no way exhaustive, and should only be used as a guideline.

Gaining
Permanent Renown

In order for a character to increase her permanent Renown in
aspecific category, she must accumulate 10 points of temporary in
that category and then convince another Garou of equal or greater
Rank to perform the Rite of Accomplishment for her. (See Rite
of Accomplishment, pg. 177.) The assisting Garou cannot be a

member of the character's pack. In some cases, the character

can challenge another Garou to acknowledge her, in-
stead. Most, however, seek to gain esteem in a polite
= fashion, all the better to stay in their elders' good graces.

Losing Renown
Losing Temporary Renown

Just as Renown can be gained according to characters' deeds,
it can be lost as well. It's very easy to lose temporary Renown.
This loss is an effective means of reminding players that their
characters' actions have repercussions in Garou society. The
Storyteller should consider a character's breed, auspice and tribe
when deducting temporary Renown. For example, Ragabash
can get away with more extreme trespasses against Honor than
most characters — but if Ragabash perform honorable acts,
others usually suspect them of having ulterior motives.

The Storyteller decides when temporary Renown is lost. For
guidelines, see the Renown Awards Chart.

Losing Permanent Renown

Werewolves only lose permanent Renown when they violate
the fundamental rules of Garou society. A Garou who goes into
frenzy and actually feeds on a wolf or a human is likely to lose
permanent Renown. Offenses may be overlooked in extreme
cases. If the feeding werewolf was riddled with silver and fighting
agang of mockeries, he might be given a little more leeway. Even
if permanent Honor is not lost, temporary Honor probably is.

Werewolves who face the loss of permanent Renown can
contest, but must prove themselves in a series of trials. Success
convinces the elders that the shame was undeserved. The Story-
teller devises an appropriate ordeal for a penitent wretch, then
decides if the character handles himself well enough to avoid a
permanent Renown penalty. The Storyteller's decision is final.

Ifa character loses enough permanent Renown so that her score
falls below the minimum Renown required of her current Rank, she
is "demoted" and loses all benefits and privileges associated with her
former Rank. She does not lose any Gifts that she has learned, but is
forall practical purposes considereda Rank loweruntilshe restores her
name. To return to her former status, she must again earn the proper
amount of Renown; most septs require a fairly stringent task of
penitence as well before the werewolf challenges to regain lost Rank.

Advancing in Rank

To gain Rank a character needs permanent Renown points
and must win a challenge.

‘w Renown: The character must meet her auspice's mini-
mum requirements in permanent Renown to rise to the next
Rank. This isn't the only requisite for increasing Rank, just a
benchmark that the character has to meet before she's consid-
ered for advancement.

‘w Challenge: Once she has the necessary Renown, the
character must face a Garou of higher Rank ina contest of some
sort.and win. The challenged (the higher-ranking Garou)
picks the contest — a physical test, duel or test of wills or
gamecraft —and its difficulty. Tribes and septs have their own
standard contests for each Rank, but an elder can decide to
ignore the usual contests and devise something of her own. The

Chapter Eight: Systems 216


challenge can be as simple as a contest of dominance or as
difficult as rooting out and destroying an elder vampire. If the
character bests the elder in the ritual challenge or succeeds at
the elder's test, the elder is honor-bound to recognize the
character as an equal.

Should the character lose to the elder, she may not chal-
lenge that elder again. High-ranking elders seldom teach those
whom they have beaten, at least those who repeatedly attempt
to rise to the same Rank. The character loses no permanent
Renown for losing a challenge, but it's exceptionally poor form
to go out and challenge another elder immediately; most elders
will outright refuse any challenges from someone who's re-
cently failed his test of Rank.

Example of Gaining
Renown and Rank

Thunder's Howl is a Rank One Uktena Theurge with 1 Honor
and 4 Wisdom. If he gains one more permanent point in each of
Glory and Wisdom, he may challenge for the righttoeam Rank Two.

Aftera hard battle against an Arizona death-cult, Thunder's
Howl finally achieves 10 temporary Glory. To gain recogni-
tion, he asks an elder, Talking Snake, to perform the Rite of
Accomplishment for him. Talking Snake demands the tale of
the young Theurge's deeds, and after listening closely, deems
the youngster worthy of his claim. At the next moot, Talking
Snake performs the Rite of Accomplishment for Thunder's
Howl, who gains one permanent Glory Renown; he loses all
temporary Glory immediately, starting again at zero.

Inthe months that follow, Thunder's Howl dedicates himself to
hisauspice duties, summoning many spirits and beseeching them for
advice. He soon accumulates 10 temporary Honor Renown. As
before, he asks Talking Snake to recognize hisaccomplishment, and
the elder agrees. His Wisdom Renown rises to 5 at the next moot.
Thunder's Howl is now ready to attempt to rise in Rank.

However, Talking Snake advises the young Theurge to chal-
lenge another elder for his new Rank — in this case, Ten-Tails,
Wendigo Theurge. Wily old Ten-Tails agrees to the challenge.
She has done this many times, and quickly ascertains that the
young one is worthy. She doesn't like to make things easy for cubs,
though, and decides to test the Garou's worth for herself.

"Well, Thunder's Howl, the contest is mine to choose. Here,
take this cup of water. Now climb up that tree andsetit in the bird's
nest near the top — and don't spill a drop."

Thunder's Howl had hoped for a mental contest, and is some-
what dismayed that his perception skills are not tested. He isn't
certain of his ability to meet a physical challenge, but agrees
nonetheless. It takes patience and persistence to get the cup into the
nest, but after a grueling hour the Theurge climbs down in victory.

"Walk proudly with the blessings of your siblings, young
Fostern," Ten-Tails grins. "You're a worthy youngling, and your
tribe ishonored tohavea Cresent Moonsuchas youamong them."

Thunder's How lets loose a cry of mingled relief and pride.
Suddenly refreshed and reinvigorated, he thanks Ten-Tails
and lopes back to Talking Snake to share the good news.

Werewolf: The Wild West

SSSN

XX

Renunciation

Some werewolves, worried that they don't live up to their full
potential, change auspice. This is somewhat acceptable in the eyes of
the Garou, but has certain drawbacks. A werewolf who renounces her
auspice sacrificesall Rank. Additionally, she must chooseanew name,
and loses all but three permanent Renown. In order to complete the
transformation, the Garou performs, or has another perform, the Rite
of Renunciation. From that point on, the Garou she was no longer
exists. She isnowanew werewolf, considered nothingmore thanacub
fresh from her Rite of Passage, despite her physical age.

The Garou lives under her new name, and under new conditions
as well. Most Garou no longer treat her with familiarity, excluding
only her packmates. It is considered improper in Garou society to
acknowledge a werewolf who has undergone the Rite of Renunciation
until she once again achieves her previous Rank. Additionally, while
she keeps the Gifts she has already learned, the renunciatory werewolf
may only learn new Gifts that are appropriate to her new auspice and
Rank. In many cases, sept elders require renunciatory werewolves to
go through second Rites of Passage, ones that are far more tasking than
their first. Ifa Garou survives her second Rite of Passage, she may ask
aspirit to teach her a new Level One Gift of her new auspice.

Renunciation is not only self-imposed. There are other
reasons for changing auspice.

@ It is used as punishment for a crime committed; the
choice is often renunciation, exile or death.

‘@ Harano can sometimes drive a Garou to change auspice.

‘ In rare cases, a Garou chooses to dedicate himself to a new
goal, foregoing everything else to ensure that he attains his prize.
Revenge, or a quest of the spirit or heart, may lead a Garou from
his former path. Many septs accept a Garou with a new auspice
backupon the successful completion of his quest, at the same Rank
he previously held or, very rarely, at an even higher Rank.
(Naturally, this is all up the Storyteller.)

Physical States

Thissection deals with physical health: healing, injury and aging.
Injury

Injury in the Savage West is almost unavoidable. There are
about as many ways to get hurt as grains of dust in the Mojave.
Players record injuries in terms of Health Levels. Each wound
causes the loss of one Health Level. Simply check off Health
Levels as a character loses them, with the last box marked
delineating the character's current Health Level.

Health in Werewolf: The Wild West is rather like a ladder,
with Bruised at the top and Incapacitated at the bottom. As a
character suffers injuries, he scales down the ladder until he
teaches Incapacitated. When a character heals, one mark is
removed foreach Health Level recovered until he ishealthy again.

Each success on an opponent's damage roll indicates
the loss of one Health Level. Successes on a soak roll
naeae these Intel ct darrace Ge kone toons it *


CLE LE EL:

Ifan opponentscores three damage successes, the character loses
as many as three Health Levels. If the player gets two successes
on her soak roll, the character only loses one Health Level.

From time to time, a character suffers enough damage to take
her to Incapacitated and beyond. At that point, a werewolf is
considered critically wounded — not dead —and is out of action
for at least an hour. (Mortals are less fortunate; see next page.) A
critically wounded character does not recover one Health L
per turn, but only one every hour until she returns to Incap:
tated. The player must also make a roll on the Battle Scars chart
(see pg. 221). An Incapacitated werewolf dies only if her injuries
are particularly grievous (see Aggravated Wounds, below).

Werewolves have another truly distinct advantage when it
comes to being Incapacitated. A wounded Garou can focus her
Rage to remain active when she'd other-

wise be out of

commission
for an hour.

Healing

Due to their mystical nature, Garou heal far more swiftly than
humans. Unless damage is aggravated (see below), a character
regenerates one Health Level per turn. Homid and lupus Garou
in their natural forms heal at the same speeds as humans and
wolves, but shifting into any of other forms induces regenera-
tion. Metis in their Crinos form heal supernaturally quickly,
breed form not withstanding. There are some small advantages
to being metis — plenty scarce, but there nonetheless.

Under normal circumstances, a character cannot heal or
regenerate while involved in strenuous activity, but players
may attempt a Stamina roll (difficulty 8) to heal characters
engaged in physical efforts, even in combat. Success means
that a character regenerates a Health Level as usual.

, Aggravated Wounds

Some wounds are too substantial for even Garou to
recover from with ease. These injuries, called aggravated
wounds, are caused by anything that is simply too traumatic
to Garou physiology to be contended with. These grievous
injuries are sometimes caused by natural Banes, sometimes by
overpowering forces. They are one of the few ways to kill a
werewolf and keep it dead — normal wounds are
typically only a hindrance. Aggravated wounds are
inflicted by silver, fire, electricity, weird radia-
tions and by the fangs and claws of other


SSSN

ZLLL

supernatural creatures, including other werewolves. The Sto-
ryteller may also deem certain injuries inflicted by other means
(such as hitting the ground at terminal velocity) to be aggra-
vated. The Storyteller has final say on this matter.

Aggravated wounds may be soaked, with the exception of
those inflicted by silver — the lunar metal has been and always
will be the Garou's weakness.

Aggravated wounds are so substantial that they require a great
deal of time to heal. They heal ata rate ofone Level perday, provided
the character is resting or at least avoiding strenuous activity.

Aggravated wounds are indicated on the character sheet
with an X instead of the usual check mark. It's best to simply
convert checks into Xs where necessary, adding the normal
wounds later. For instance, a werewolf takes three Health
Levels of damage from normal weapons, and becomes Injured.
He then takes an aggravated wound from fire, hitting Wounded.
The player replaces the check in the Bruised box with an X, and
fills in the Wounded box with a check — after this werewolf
heals his three Health Levels of unaggravated damage, the one
aggravated wound he takes keeps him at Bruised, not Wounded.

‘ ?
i

% +
,

Mormus amo Mormartry

Sources of Injury

Despite the preternatural durability of Garou, there are
still many ways to harm them. Werewolves can be hurt in
many of the same ways as humans, and have to watch out for
most of the usual hazards to life and limb. There are excep-
tions, however, silver being the most obvious.

Combat

Combat wounds are addressed in the Melee and Firefight
sections of the Drama Chapter. Each success on an opponent's
damage roll forces the victim to lose one Health Level. Most
forms of attack can be soaked.

Falling

A long drop to hard earth hurts humans and werewolves alike;
the chart below determines damage. All creatures, even humans,
make Stamina rolls (difficulty 8) in order to soak damage from
falling. Each success means one less Health Level is lost. Each
botch — that is, each extra one after all the successes have been
taken away — means the loss of an additional Health Level.

4 Pe Whena human or animal reaches Incapacitated, he's one Health Level away fromdeath. If he suffers one
Tmore wound, he dies. If a human or animal falls to Incapacitated and has open wounds, loss of blood kills hima
Fe ifit isnot stopped. Without the supernatural endurance of werewolves, a person's life can end abruptly.

‘ ie eine lists the time it takes fora human or animal to recover from damage. Note that the time listed
* for eacl

Health Level is simply what it takes to recover that level of damage; recovery time is cumulative. Thus q
__a character who is Mauled must spend three months recovering ftom that damage level in order to reach
W6unded. An additional month and 11 days is required to reach full health. All this presumes decent medical
Sie ifa man's being nursed back to health by some addle-headed quack, he may be worse off forthe treatment.
y 3 Health Level Fe Time . ia
ai + Bruised *aeh One Day wk
is x Hurt ra , Three Days . J
r * Injured A One Week * ~ *
BO Wounded . : i © One Month
: Mauléd ¢ ‘Thee Months

Crippled ‘

Attributes

Three Months* ¢ *

\*
*Not ae iumans have & heal this Health Level, but they also lose one dot from each of their Physical
ling to it. Humans and animals who fall to Incapacitated recover only at the Storyteller's

discretion. Some entezcomas for the rest of their lives, never fully recovering from the damage they've sustained.
Others just slip away, especially considering the primitive medicines available in the Savage West.
a ; 5

z. |


Distance (in feet) Injury

5 1 Health Level

10 2 Health Levels
20 3 Health Levels
30 4 Health Levels
40 5 Health Levels
50 6 Health Levels
60 7 Health Levels

Damage increases to a maximum of 10 Health Levels (90
feet), at which the body reaches terminal velocity and suffers
the same amount of damage no matter how far it falls.

Fire and Electricity

Fire and electricity are extremely hazardous to Garou; they
cause aggravated damage and can potentially kill a werewolf.
However, a player can roll Stamina against a difficulty that
depends on the intensity of the attack (see the chart below) in
order to resist burn damage. The player must make a soak roll
for every turn her character is exposed to fire or electricity. The
damage sustained ranges from one to three Health Levels per
turn (see the second chart, below). Each successful Stamina roll
reduces damage sustained by one. If the roll botches, additional,
more-devastating damage is inflicted (the character is blinded
until the wound heals, or perhaps maimed).

Difficulty Heat of Fire
3 Candle flame (first-degree burns)
5 Torch (second-degree burns)
7 Bonfire (third-degree burns)
9 Chemical fire
10 Molten metal
10 Lightning*
Wounds Size of Fire
1 Torch; part of body burned
az Bonfire; half of body burned
3 Raging inferno; all of body burned
4 Lightning; all of body burned

* Electricity, especially lightning, is severely damaging. The
worst burns occur inside the body and cannot be seen or
recognized immediately without a Medicine roll (difficulty 7).

Extreme Heat

Extreme heat (in excess of 200 degrees Fahrenheit) can
injure a werewolf just as surely as fire. Use the fire system for
sustaining damage, but modify it to suit the situation (always
only one Health Level lost per turn).

Disease

Werewolves are not immune to disease, but their amazing
recuperative powers and high Stamina ratings make them
highly resistant. Garou can still carry diseases and
spread them to others. Damage caused by diseases is

& Not normally aggravated.

Poison

Poisons generally act much like diseases do on Garou.
They're seldom fatal and, with rare exceptions, are recovered
from as though they were normal wounds. It's rare for a
werewolf to be bothered by a rattler bite, but characters should
still be careful; certain supernatural critters and Wyrm-min-
ions deliver poisons that cause aggravated damage.

Suffocation and Drowning

Werewolves need to breathe. But werewolves are better at
surviving suffocation and drowning than most animals. The
length of time a Garou can hold his breath is determined by his
Stamina rating, as per the following chart:

Stamina Holding Time
30 seconds
One minute
Two minutes
Four minutes
Eight minutes
15 minutes
20 minutes

DIYIAKHEWNE

30 minutes

Garou expend Willpower to continue holding their breath;
each point of Willpower allows fora full minute if Stamina is 4 or
higher, another 30 seconds if the character's Stamina is 3 or lower.

When a Garou can no longer hold her breath she begins
to suffocate or drown. The character suffers one Health
Level per turn. This damage isn't aggravated, but can't be
healed until the character can breathe again. When a Garou
reaches Incapacitated she falls unconscious and dies after a
number of minutes equal to her Stamina. After reaching
Incapacitated, she can't recover without resuscitation.

Silver

Silver causes one level of aggravated damage per turn of
contact. Successful attack rolls with silver weapons auto-
matically inflict at least one level of aggravated damage
regardless of the result of the damage roll. Damage caused by
silver can't be soaked.

Certain Garou don't take special damage from silver
when in particular forms. Lupus Garou in Lupus form take
normal damage from silver weapons. Lupus, homid and
metis Garou in Homid form also suffer no special damage
from silver weapons.

Each silver item carried by a werewolf reduces her Gnosis
rating by one or more, depending on the size of the object. Form
has no affect on this penalty. While the effects are not perma-
nent, the loss of Gnosis lasts at least one day even after the
disposal of the silver. Additionally, every five silver articles
carried by a pack causes each member of the pack to lose one
Gnosis point. (Obviously, many Garou resent the members of
their packs who insist on carrying plenty of silver bullets.)

Chapter Eight: Systems 218


SR

The size of an object or the quantity of silver in it can
increase the Gnosis penalty. The following chart gives a few
examples.

Item Gnosis Lost
Silver Bullets 1 point each
Silver Dollars 1 point each (find a safe place to
keep your money or carry gold.)
Klaive 1 point
Grand Klaive 2 points
Balefire

Galliards whisper stories of glowing caverns deep beneath
the earth, of vile, miasmic flames that warm the Wyrm itself.
They call this stuff balefire. Werewolves aren't likely to
encounter balefire save in the most wretched, tainted hives of
Wyrmlings or in forgotten places far underground. Those
unlucky few who do are in for a rough time. Balefire does the
same damage as normal fire, but its effects are more lasting —
the aggravated wounds it inflicts take twice as long to heal,
and any battle scars that result are rolled at +10 on the Battle
Scars Chart (next page). Most horrifying of all, balefire
damage can't be soaked — the best a body can do is avoid it.

Critical Wounds and
Battle Scars

A human dies if her Health Level drops below Incapaci-
tated, but a werewolf is made of sturdier stuff. She only dies
if she drops below Incapacitated and all the wounds she has
are aggravated.

When a werewolf is wounded beyond the Incapacitated
level, she is considered "critically wounded." The werewolf is
either unconscious or barely conscious. She can't perform
any actions, but may speak by expending a Willpower point.

The critically wounded werewolf no longer heals at her
normal rate, regenerating one Health Level per hour (exclud-
ing aggravated damage, which requires much longer). Once
she has recovered above the Incapacitated level, the Garou
can act again and begins healing at her normal rate of one
Health Level per turn. Naturally, homids and lupus in their
breed forms can't regenerate — if caught in their natural
shape, they can be killed about as easy as a man or wolf.

A wounded character may attempt to focus his Rage and
continue to remain active. The player makes a Rage roll
(difficulty 8) in an effort to channel the character's fury.
Every success on this roll restores one Health Level, even
those lost to aggravated damage. This effort can only be
tried once in any situation, and failure means that the
character remains too injured to act. There are other dan-
gers as well, as the character may give into her Rage and
enter a frenzy (See Frenzy, below). In either case, the
character must still make a roll on the Battle Scars Chart,
adding one additional die to the roll.

A Garou who drops below Incapacitated and recovers suffers
the effects of a roll on the Battle Scars Chart, on the next page.
Battle scars are permanent injuries or disfigurements caused by
severe circumstances. A player usually rolls only one bone on the
chart, but certain factors (like balefire or trying to fight past
Incapacitated) add to the roll, increasing the severity of the
scarring. A werewolf trying to recover an incapacitating wound
caused by balefire can theoretically roll two dice and add 10 to
his total on this chart, yielding a result anywhere from 12 to 30!

.
Aging

Despite their regenerative abilities, Garou are still mortal.
They die eventually, even if they never see combat (which is
nearly impossible). While werewolves age at a slower rate than
humans or wolves, they suffer the effects of old age. With
advanced years (65+ for Garou) comes the loss of Physical
Attributes. Senility is also a danger, reducing Wits and Intel-
ligence. An old Garou finds it difficult to Rage and runs the risk
of losing the wolf unless she chooses to gracefully pass on before
this occurs. The effects of age are up to the Storyteller to devise.
Still, most Garou die in battle, commit suicide or retire before
time can wear them down — as the Litany tenet prescribes.

Even so, not all werewolves fight the good fight until they die;
some choose to return to their mortal families or packs to live out
the rest of their years as humans or wolves. These weary heroes are
typically high ranking and simply feel they've done their duty.
They retreat almost entirely from Garou society, taking part in
tribalactivities only during yearly rituals and in times of greatneed.
Retired Garou are usually old, mellow and experienced enough to
control their Rage, which helps them live in peace.

Mental States
Frenzy

The ferocity that burns in even the meekest Child of Gaia's
heartis practically incomprehensible to normal folks. Some say
that Rage is just the animal in a shapeshifter, but it's a lot more
potent than that. Rage is a white-hot fever of supernatural
pitch, a link to the most destructive and primordial energies of
the Universe. In fact, some go so faras to call itthe Wyrm's own
gift to the Garou — but if that's so, then it's a gift that's been
turned against its giver countless times.

Rage rolls are, in effect, a werewolf' attempts to reach deep
into himself to draw forth the primal, bestial warrior-nature
instilled in him by Gaia. This savage power — when focused —
allows a werewolf to accomplish epic deeds. But as the old saying
goes: Be careful what you ask for, you just might get it. When too
much of the animal emerges, the character falls into a berserk
rage called frenzy. He becomes a creature of pure fury, with no
reasoning faculties to counter-balance his killer instinct.
When a player gets four or more successes on a Rage

roll, his character loses control and slips into frenzy. ®

Werewolf: The Wild West


oe

damage to'mt
67 Imptoper

Battle Scars Chart ._
- te

e 1-3 Superficial Scars: Several ugly scars remain, even after you have healed your injuries. Whemin Crinos, Hispo
~, 6r Lupus forms, areas around these scars remain furless. In some circumstances, these scars impose a one-dot Appearance loss.

45 pacgroese en thishas the same effect as Superficial Scars, and imposes permanent *~

. The affected areas are often stiffand swell or become sore when the weather changes or is humid.
Bone Setting: One of your bones was broken, possibly shattered, and didn't reset properly. The

next time you are Incapacitated, this limb snaps again, causing grievous pain. If you were reduced to Incapacitated by normal
damagebup totthree Health Levels of normal damage are now considered aggravated.

~
8 Head Scars: The side of your head was bashed:irvor a large portion of your scalp was removed. Even after

you're done healing, a porgjon of your skull remains exposed. Reduce your Manipulation by tw6'when dealing with humans _

unless you cover the scat "he
bak

Broken Jaur\ our jeW and tongulWere misaligned after you healed. It's difficult for others to understand

you when youspeak (which you should roleplay). The difficulties of all rolls involving verbalgommunication increase by.two.

Pod 10

Missing Eye: One of your eyes was gouged out and didn't regenerate properly oratall. All difficulties

involving missile weapons and depth perception are increased by two. -

1 Gelded: Your scars affect the region of your sexual organs..You are incapable of procreating and\ therefore
cannot gain Renown for starting a family. Phe difficulties of seduction attempts are also increased by two; given the

psychological trauma involved. v

12-14

Collapsed Lung: Permanent injuriesito one of your lungs make it difficult for you ro breathe. Subtract two

dice from your Stamina Dice Pool for all rolls involving endurance. If you are in combat or exert yourself for more than five

+. ~ tums, subtract one additional die. ie
Missing Fingers: Fingers are lost from one hand. The difficulties for all Dexterity rolls involving this hand

he 15-17

ye

are increased by three, and claw damage inflicted by this hand is halved, permanently.

18-20

Maimed Arm: One of your arms is useless. You move at three-quarters normal speed while in Hispo or Lupus

form, and gain no bonus for quadrapedal movement while in Crinos form.
21-23 Damaged Legs: You walk witha limp and move at half-normal speed, regardless of form.

24-27

Spinal Injurys'Ygur spine is fractured. You lose some motor control, reducing your Dexterity by one, permanently.

‘Additionally, you must spend Willpower to perform acts that require balance, precision or immobility for extended periods.

* 28-30

Brain Damage: You lose a point of Intelligence, Perception or Wits, as well as one die roll's worth of points

frend Gnosis, Willpower and/or Knowledges (all Storyteller's choice). You may even suffer memory lapses.

Frenzied Garou switch immediately to either Crinos or
Hispo form and blindly attack those around them or flee into
the wild. A character can avoid frenzying with the expenditure
of a Willpower point, but loses all other actions in that turn.

The instincts of "fight or flight" are very strong in Garou. A
character entering a frenzy is overcome with one or both of
these emotions. If the character bolts, she's said to be overcome
by the "fox." Ifshe fights, she entersa berserk frenzy. The player
can decide which form of frenzy her character enters, but once
that decision is made there is no turning back. Fox or berserk
persists for the duration of the frenzy.

A berserk werewolf might turn on her own pack or any
helpless bystanders if all of her opponents have fallen or fled.
Berserk Garousometimes lapse into unconsciousness when their
frenzies end. Garou whose Rage scores exceed their Gnosis never

remember any details of what happened while berserk

— these werewolves often come to their senses in a
& heap of bodies and have blood-matted fur.

as
.

While ina berserk frenzy, a Garou must charge her opponent and
attack. While in a fox frenzy she must run away in the opposite
direction. In either case, she attacks anything in her path — anything;
friend, foe, packmate, archenemy or loved one. A frenzying Garou
can't use any special combat maneuvers, weapons or even Gifts.

There is no set time limit for a frenzy. As long as the
character senses danger of any sort, she continues to frenzy. If
the character can escape from combat and hide fora minimum
of three turns, she calms down enough to reason again. Frenzies
typically last twice as long if a character is hungry.

Frenzy can be difficult to roleplay. If the Storyteller feels that
the player is exerting too much control, he can either remove
one Willpower point automatically (the character is obviously
trying to control herself) or can choose the opponents that the
character attacks next or flees from. The simple thing to remem-
ber is that the character is in a primal state. He wants to escape
from an overwhelming danger, either by fleeing from it or
destroying it, and won't allow anything to stand in his way.

Chapter Eight: Systems 221

—S7


The primary advantage of a frenzy is that the character
suffers no penalties for lost Health Levels while in a frenzied
state. She receives her full Dice Pool regardless of her injuries.

Rage Rolls

The Storyteller may call fora Rage to determine ifa character enters
frenzy when any of the following conditions occurs:

¢ Embarrassment

¢ Humiliation

¢ Any strong emotion, even lust, passion or envy

¢ Extreme hunger

* Confinement; helplessness

© Taunting of an enemy

Being personally wronged

Witnessing an atrocity, no matter who the victim is

© Silver is in the vicinity

¢ Territory is seriously compromised

(Optional) The first wound received in combat; difficulty
is decreased by one if the weapon is silver

© (Optional) An important roll is botched

Difficulty of Rage Rolls

The difficulty of a Rage roll depends on the phase of the
moon. Luna's effects on Garou are powerful, and legends of
werewolf attacks during a full moon are no coincidence.

Difficulty Moon Phase
8 New
7 Crescent
6 Half
5 Gibbous
4 Full

If a Garou is in Crinos form, the difficulty is automatically
reduced by one.

Though itis dishonorable to lose control, sometimes a werewolf
vith her back to the wall needs the manic power of a frenzy. If she
© sires, she can summon up her inner demons and deliberately go
berserk, ignoring her wounds ina last-ditch effort to cut her way to
s fety. A Garou who deliberately tries to induce frenzy makesa Rage
roll as usual, but the difficulty is reduced by one. However, this is
x suallya last resort. Because every time a werewolf loses control, she
rens herself up to the possibility of something else taking over.

=
Wyrm-Rides
Sometimes a Garou's Rage grows so strong that it can consume
him. Some dark spot deep in his soul emerges and the Garou
; ommits depravities unimaginable under normal circumstances.
‘ome say the bestial quality of Rage is evidence of Wyrm-taint
.n Garou, and that the Wyrm sometimes demands its due.
Whenever a Garou receives six or more successes on a
Rage roll (two more than required to frenzy), he is said to be
"tidden by the Wyrm." He goes into a berserk frenzy and not

OX

even the expenditure of Willpower can rein him in. This
frenzy is played out as usual with regard to effects and
duration, but assumes a darker bent.

When the Wyrm rides a werewolf, the unlucky Garou
responds in various ways. This depends largely on breed. The
Wyrm's taint has touched even the purest warriors in the
smallest of ways, planting the seeds of atrocity in all breeds.

‘ Homid: Although the Croatan's sacrifice banished Eater-
of-Souls from this world, the taint that the creature buried deep
within humanity remains. Those Garou born to humans are
susceptible to the Wyrm's lures. Petty rivalries develop into
full-blown hatred, and racial tensions explode into violence
when the Wyrm rides a homid.

More commonly, though, homids in the thrall of the Wyrm
are prone to acts of cannibalism, not just on Garou, but on
humans and even wolves. If the homid incapacitates or kills a
foe, the player must make a Wits roll. If it botches, the character
stops for a turn, even in the middle of combat, and feeds his
hunger. Horror stories of man-eating wolves are the results of
such frenzies, mercifully veiled by the Delirium as they are.

‘@ Metis: Born of sin, metis begin their lives with the Defiler
Wyrm's hooks already in their souls. Indeed, many Garou believe
that the breach of the Litany that produces metis is the result of
temptation by the Defiler Wyrm. Metis ridden by the Defiler Wyrm
are capable of acts of vile perversion on their victims. If a metis
incapacitates or kills a foe while under the effects of a severe frenzy,
a Wits roll must be made. If it botches, the metis stops raging for a
tum, even in the middle of combat, and lets his unspeakable urges
take over. This isnot necessarily a character trait of metis Garou, but
the curse they must endure, the taint of an outside enemy.

‘w Lupus: The animal nature sometimes makes a Garou
vulnerable to the rages of Beast-of-War. This ravening entity
turns extreme lupus frenzies into raw, bestial rages, and it
foments bitter resentment for human despoilers into full-blown,
unforgiving mania. Lupus in the thrall of the Wyrm lose all sense
of mercy, even for their own packmates. They are as likely to
attack their own as their enemies. If any opponent or even a
packmate in the lupus' vicinity falls to Incapacitated, a Wits roll
must be made. If the roll botches, the lupus immediately attacks
the fallen combatant, even turning from another foe to do so.

When a Garou's extreme frenzy ends, the Wyrm-taint
leaves the character. All Garou fear such frenzies, for they strip
away what Garou hold dear about themselves and reveal them
to be as vulnerable to corruption as any other creature. Some
werewolves even kill themselves after such frenzies, choosing
death over the possibility of committing such atrocities again.

The Curse

Garou are predators and their predatory nature is difficult to
conceal. Even when they walk down the street in human form,

there's an animal under the skin. Despite the millennia
that have passed since the time of the Impergium, hu- ‘

mans subconsciously remember beingculled. Asa result,

Werewolf: The Wild West
NP)


whena Garou's Rage exceeds a bystanding human's Willpower, the
human instinctively feels uncomfortable around the Garou regard-
less of the werewolf present form. Anyone who comes near a
high-Rage werewolf avoids his gaze and tries to avoid him entirely.
Werewolves call this effect "the Curse," for that is exactly what
it is. The Curse forever separates Garou from humans and wolves,
preventing stable relationships, marriages or even matings. Even
close friendshipsare almost unheard ofbetween the races. Although
werewolves attain positions of great esteem in the human or wolf
world, there's a difference between being respected and accepted.
Many homid Garouare raised in broken homes. Garousecretly
watch over such children, and use spirits to monitor youths in the
hopes that they breed true. The Curse affects wolves as well, who
sensea stranger in their midst, and are often wary of oreven violent
toan unnatural wolf. A Garou can hope to find true companion-
ship only among her own kind, and even then the
consummation of love is forbidden by the Litany.

Family Tragedy

Curse orno Curse, werewolves
just aren't suited for long-term
family life among humans. In
time, their Rage always gets
the best of them, and a
spouse or child might be-
come a victim of the
primal family member.

Atthe Storyteller's dis-
cretion, a character who

tries to live among humans
can berequiredtomakea Will-
power roll between stories
(difficulty equal to the

character's Rage). If
the roll fails,

something happens in the character's life to hinder his relation-
ship with the humans. Something snaps, wells to the surface or
the Delirium engages. The Storyteller may reduce this penalty if
a character is fortunate enough to live among Kinfolk.

The same Willpower roll is made when living among wolves,
but the general dominance of the Garou reduces the difficulty by
one. Although wolves are leery of werewolves in their midst, few
are fool enough to provoke the generally dominant character.

If the character's Willpower roll botches, someone else

Delirium

Whenever humanssee an honest-to-God werewolf in Crinos
form, they go a crazy for a little while. The precise reaction
differs from person to person, but 3,000.

years of being preyed upon has
left indelible marks on the
human psyche. Humans'
fear of their ancestral
predators is instinctual


— there's no reason or logic to it (although a person should
logically be scared by an eight-foot-tall man-wolf, anyhow).

Werewolvesoncecalled thisoverpoweringreaction "night-fear,"
but now call it the Delirium. Ifnothing else, it's the main reason why
werewolves haven't been "discovered" by modern humanity. The
Delirium protects Garou, shrouding them ina disbelief that is deeply
rooted in the human mind. Those humans who repeatedly encoun-
ter Crinos "monsters" tend to end up in asylums.

A person's reaction to seeing a Garou in Crinos form is
determined by his Willpower (see the Delirium Chart, below). If
characters want to avoid inflicting the worst effects of the De-
lirium, players can roll Wits + Occult (difficulty 7). Each success
brings victims up one step on the Delirium Chart. This slightly
meditative, slightly manipulative act of concentration is called
"lifting the Veil," and is a direct violation of the Litany.

If the Storyteller needs a quick method of determining the
effects of Delirium on an individual, roll one die and refer to the
Delirium Chart. This is hardly an accurate reflection of the
normal human's Willpower score (one out of 10 does not have
a 10 Willpower, not even in the Savage West). Of course, there's

&

Willpower — "% of Population
ly 10%

_ ie set

always dramatic license; many stories involve impressive coinci-
dences, anyway. The town drunk may have an 8 Willpower —
you certainly wouldn't expect so, but anything is possible.

Note thatsome human culturesare lessaffected by the Delirium
or are even immune to it. A few human cultures were spared the
ravages of the Impergium, and don't have the Delirium in their
subconscious make-up. Examples of such people include isolated
Native American tribes, the Aborigines of Australia and certain
tribes in the Amazon. That doesn't mean these people accept
werewolves into their societies; it just means they see Garou for
what they are and are suitably afraid of them.

The Veil

The effects of the Delirium, and the shocking sights that
impose them, are normally forgotten by a person after she is
removed from a Garou. The person can't recall exactly what
happened. They eventually replace the image of the changed
Garou with a memory of something else, like a bear or a shaggy-
bearded mountain man in patchwork furs. This memory loss is
known as the Veil, and Garou value it highly.

wr

Reaction ..
Catatonic Fear: The lights are on, but nobody's home. This

eo

person can't réact in apy penagve to curl into a fetal positionas his mind shuts down. "
Panic: This person runs for dear life, ES ignoring other * x

20%

2
dangers in an totes eseape the monster he has seen. This reaction is also common for cattle, buffalo and other

herd animals, leading to serious trouble with stampedes.

cal 3 18% Disbelief: Some people just can't handlattaicy This Pats
tefuses to believe what he sees, denying the existence of Garou and reacting violently to any attempts to convince
him otherwise. This can lead to bullet: wounds in the Savage West.

4 15% Loco: Driven toa state of blind, berserk fear, this person must
take some sort of action. He might try jumping from a window to escapeyor attack the Garou, doing his best to kill
the beast before it can hurt him or his loved ones. Staging attacks with anything more than a knife is beyond this

<> ‘person's ability, but teeth and nails— even human ones — can still hurt a Garou. ..sometimes.

- 5 13% Terror: Fear can be a great motivator. This person is terrified,
but able to rationalize what he sees. He flees in fear but is capable of defending himself, hiding or barring doors in
an effort to escape. oe

6 10% = Conciliatory: This person does anything, offer any prize, to
avoid being hurt. Though tying very hard to remain calm, this person is on the verge of total collapse.

és 7 7% Controlled Fear: This person is either naturally strong-willed
or is jaded enough to be immune tothe effects of the Delirium. Though still scared, shevacts rationally, —*
"or fleeing as seems appropriate, and is fully capable of using weapons. 7

8 ‘ee 5% Curiosity: Some people just can't resist a good mystery, no
matter how dangerous. This person. opel follows the Garou, studying its actions and trying to understand how
such a thing can exist? To Garou, the curious observer is often the most dangerous victim of the Delirium. The
shock of sights has driven some observefs to begin hunting werewolves as a profession. Fortunately, most curious
observers fall victim to the Veil before learning todsmuch about Garou.

Werewolf: The Wild West

PII


A

& Willpower % of Population Reaction
9 . 15% = Bloodlust: Some of the bravest, most determined individuals live
>». > in the West, as do some of thé most deranged and greedy. A strange creature like a werewolf could make a man rich ifhe
*- could bring itdown. There's no fear in this person; he wants blood or evidence and he'll do anything he can toget it.
ohm 10» 2 5% No Reaction/Blasé: This individual has nerves of steel or the
Brains of acactus. She displays absolutely no reaction to the Garou's appearance. If spoken to, she responds as if
Shessees this sort of thing every day. Nothing new here, and certainly nothing worth fretting about.
The"% efPopulation" indicatesroughly what percentage of humanity hasa Willpowerat the appropriate level. Storytellers
may prefer to keep use these percentages in a given situation — in a mining town of 200, only one if any — locals ate
going tohave a 10 Willpower. These percentages tend to stack the odds in the Garou's fay6r, but that's probably allright.
That way the snuly strong-willed folks become the real exception, instead of just the occasional incohvenience.

Renown Awards Chart
& Combat and Encounters |

— ———
ina tt $
Ketivity is Glory Honor Wisdom
Besting someone (inefiiding a spirit) ina riddle contest ' 3
Showing restraint in the face of certain death 1 3
Ending a threat itu to another Garou Im 5
» Surviving an Incapaci wound =. 6 3 Z
Surviving the poisonous bit® of a Wyrm foe ‘ 2
Attacking a muchmore powerful foe without aid Fo ~ 38
Attacking a minion of the Wyrm without regard for personal safety " 3 a<
Defeating a minor minion of the Wyrm yA
(a Mind-Eater, a Bane-infested animal, a hewborn vampite)
Defeating an average minion of the Wyrm B
(a Skin-Walker, a mockery, an average vampire)
Defeating a strong minion of the Wyrm 5
~~ (aNight-Hunter, a Black Spiral Dancer, a tough vampire)
Defeating a very powerful minion of the Wyrm 7
(a polluted Chaos Monitor, an elder vampire)
-sdestroying/killing the minion +1
sawithout another Garou being hurt +1
..without being hurt yourself +1
«the minion(s) were armed with silver +1
Detecting; the Wyrm <
Revealing with certain proof that a human or Kinfolk is of the Wyrm r
Falsely accusing a Kinfolleof being "of the Wyrm" 2 Z3
Revealing with certain proofthat a place or object is "of the Wyrm" 3
Revealing with certain proof that a Gagou is "of the Wyrm" 6
Falsely accusing.a Garou of being "of the Wyrm" 5 4
Uncovering hidden designs of Wyrm-minions © 4

Chapter Eight: Systems


ASSSS

ay
S24

ZLEL;

Activity Glory . Honor Wisdom
Mystical wo

Purifying a Wyrm-tainted person, object or place s 2

Summoning an Incarna Avatar wee 2

Traveling to any of the Umbral Realms surviving » 4

Successfully completing a spirit quest in the Umbra 3 od

Failing to'complete a spitit quest in the Umbra % 3

Having and properly following a prophetic dream 5

Giving a prophetic warning that later comes true 5

Giving a prophetic warning that later proves false -

Ignoring omens, dreams and the like for no good reason 3 rad
(ie., they seem funny, might be of the Wyrm, etc.)

Binding inappropriate items ro oneself through the Rite of Talisroan ee 2

Dedication, (such astpocket watches, your bag of chewing tobacco,
or your picture ofyeur Aunt Mabel); does not apply to Bone
» Gnawers or Iron Riders ™

Spending a year in ritual seclusion (fasting, meditating, etc.) 5
Freeing a bound Bane Pc
After following mystic portents and advice... 4
Findinga talen

Finding a fetish

Discovering ancient Garou lore

Discovering a Pathstone (see Rite of the . Opened Bridge, pg. xx)

Discovering an ancient, lost caern

Performing a Moot Rite 2
Refusing to perform a Moot Rite when asked 3
Missing a Moot Rite =F -l
Performing the Rite of Passage 2 1
Receiving a Rite of Wounding ' 2

# Performing a Rite of Caern Building 3 5 7
Participating in a Rite of Caern Building 5 3

Failing in a Rite of Caern Building 2 2 "4
Participating in a Great Hunt Rite 3

Failing in a Great Hunt Rite —* 2

Suffering the Rite of Ostracism ve -l 7 "1
Suffering the Stone of Scom "~ » ‘ 8 2
Suffering the Rite of the Jackal 2 7

Suffering a Satire Rite Lose One Rank andall temporary Renownpoints.
Performing a Punishment Rite 2

Performing a Punishment Rite unjustly (borching the Rite'roll) 5

Refusing to participate in a rite 1"
Giggling, joking, or otherwise being disrespectfull during a rite (depends on the severity) 110-5
Learning a new rite AG 1
Discoyering/creating a new rite S 5
Discovering/creating a new Gife 7
Fetishes:
Creating. talen P
Using a fetish for,the good of the sept % 2
Using a fetish for selfish reasons only 2

A Me


LEER EL

Activity A Glory Honor Wisdom
Creating a fetish . " 4
Owning a klaive, war bow or similar war fetish €2 1
(awarded once; only after three moons of use) 7
Owning a powerful war fetish (Grand klaive, etc.; Bonde ut?
awarded once; only after three moons of use) -
Sacrificing a fetish for the good of the sept or tribe be 4
Accidentally breaking or losing a fetish or talen Ps -lto-5
Accidentally breaking or losing a powerful fetish weapon 3
Using a Wyrm-fetish (knowingly or unknowingly) 2 4 4
Caern Activities
Helping guard a caern us|
Staying on your watch of the caern, even when tempted not to *.. 2 1
Failing to keep your watch of the caern 3
Not helping to guard a caern, even when asked 4 3
Keeping a caern safe from humans through trickery or persuasion ~~ 4
Protecting a newly liberated caern from the previous owners rs 1
Helping to prevent a caern being overrun by the Wyrm 3
Not helping to prevent a caern being overrun by the Wyrm 3 7
Died while defending a caern (posthumous) 5.2 5 ?
"Liberating" (confiscating) a caem from the other, lesser werecreatures 2 3 -
killing Kinfolk in the process Ay: | 4
. killing Garou in the process 2 2
Single-handedly prevented a caern being taken by the Wyrm 5 8
Led the Wyrm to a caern (knowingly or unknowingly) a4. 6 8
Garou Relations and Society
Teaching other Garou (depends on the depth of study) 1-5 1-5
Learning the Silver Record, completely (a lifetime's work) "| 8
For a homid Garou, living to age 75 8 10
For,a lupus Garou, living to-age 65 8 10
Breed: :
Homid: ignoring one's wolf nature for too long : a 34
Metis: attempting to hide one's deformity "ee vf = 3
Lupus: using too many human tools and Weaver things * «1 peruse
Pack: ae
"Becoming pack leader (awarded once, when position gained) 3 >
Living alone, without one's pack, except for ritual reasons 3
Sept and Tribe: - @
Performing regular duties and chores for the sept (awarded at monthly Moot Rite) I Le
Failing to perform regular duties and chores for sept (subtracted at monthly Moot Rite) © 3 L—
‘Serving any sept position (Caen Warder, Master of the Rite, Master of the Challenge, etc.) 1/year . "Year T/year
" Refusing any sept position Tow es 2 -l
Loyal to a'sept I/year 2/year I/year
Loyal toa tribe ; ¥ I/year 3/year I/year
Upholding the Litany (depends on the lengths to which a Garou goes) 15 13
Breaking the Litany (depends on the. severity'of the transgression) 50-8 2to-4
po Oe

Chapter Eight: Systems


ASSESS

Oy
Yj
OY

ZL,

Activity Glory, Honor Wisdom
Participating in a just challenge wt 1 2
Participating in an unjust challenge ws 3
Challenging someone too far above or below your Rank ~ 3 ‘a'
> ie ind .
", or Behavior
Succumbing to "gold fever". % 2 2
Giving good advice af 8 2
Giving bad advice + , 2
pena te fairly and impartially 3
Mediating i unfairly -4 ?
Keeping one's promises . ww 2
Breaking one's promises ; - 3
Being truthful *, m 2 N
Being truthful in the face Of€xtremie adversity y 5
Being deceptive 3
Being deceptive in the face of extreme adversity a al
Anytime trickery backfires 2 .
ly attempting to act outside one's auspice (depends on the circumstances) Ab tor5
Telling a good story at a moot 1 z
Telling a true epic at a moot that is later repeated by others 2 1 >
Telling a true epic that is entered into the Silver Record 3 4 6
Speaking dishonorably to one's elders (depends on the séverity of the dishonor) -1to-5
Speaking without permission at a moot -l
Speaking poorly of the Garou as a whole 2
Speaking poorly of one's auspice 4
Speaking poorly of one's tribe . 5
Speaking poorly.of one's sept 5 ph:
Speaking poorly of one's pack 6
king poorly of another's tribe (not including the Bone Gnawers) -l
Falsely calling the Garou to arms 5
Protection and Defense
Healing another Garou (not a pack member) unselfishly 1
Showing mercy to a wayward Garou 3
Protecting a helpless Garou ‘. 4
Not protecting ahelpless Garou 5
Acknowledging an outcast Garou (when it is not part of your duties) -l
Speaking with outcast Garou in a familiar fashion 3
Consorting with outcast Garou 45
Protecting a helpless human (does not include Red Talons) 2 =
* Not protecting a helpless human (does not include Red Talons) -l >
Joining i in with a posse and punishing the guilty 2 -
Joining in with a posse and punishing the innocent 4
» Protecting a helpless wolf 4
Not protecting a helpless wolf + 5
Supporting an innocent accused of a crime (who is later proven innocent) 5
Supporting an innocent accused of a crime (who is later proven guilty) 4
Death while defending your pack 4 6
Fleeing while your pack fights on 5 45
Death in sacrifice to Gaia 2 7
oe


CLE ER EL

#7

Activity Glory Honor Wisdom
Character suffered a Berserk frenzy a -l
Character suffered a Berserk frenzy and injured another Book 3
Character suffered a Berserk frenzy and killed another Garou 2 4 ah yl 4
Character suffered a a Fox frenzy A ie Lk by -l
Character suffered'a Fox frenzy, abandoning his pack in time of need we; -l S42
Character suffered a Fox frenzy, abafidonirig his caern in time of need 2 2 ie
Character was "ridden by" the Wyrm. 4
CharacteF performed a-héinous act or acts while in thrall of the Wyrm 6 ¥
(Cannibalism, perversion, attacking own packmates, etc. ,
Human and Kinfolk Relations BS
Maintaining good relations with nearby Kinfolk me
Having poor relations with nearby Kinfolk : 3 Ag
Keeping your Kinfolk safe from the Storm-Eater's influence 2 a2 2a
Losing your Kinfolk to the Storm-Eater's influence 3 3 237
Protecting Wyrm-tainted Kinfolk from their just fate Lose one Rank and all temporary Renown #
Choosing a mate and breeding 3
Choosing a mate and not breeding " -l
Honorably mated year
Protecting the Veil +o 4
Harming/rending the Veil A +5
Repairing the Veil (covering up an instance that could reveal the Garou to humans) 3 1
Keeping your territory safe from despoilers (bandits, land barons, sheep herders, 3 1 1
unwanted settlers, etc.)
Working as the Law in your territory a»
Failing todo your civiowllity =2 -l -l
Ragabash 3 (Adren) 3 7 4
Rank Any Combination 4 (Athro) 3 9 7
& 1 (Cliath) 3 é 5 (Elder) 4 10 9
"> D(Fostem) ee: Galliard
= 3 (Adren) | 12 Rank Glory Honor Wisdom
4 (Athro) 17 1 (Cliath) 2 0 1
5 (Elder) 24 2 (Fostern) 4 0 3
Theurge 3(Adren) 6 1 5
Rank Glory Honor Wisdom 4(Athto) 8 2 6
1 (Cliath) 0 0 3 5 (Elder) 10 3 8
2 (Fostern) 1 0 5 f Ahroun ‘
3 (Adren) 2 1 7 Rank Glory Honor Wisdom
4 (Athro) 4 4 eo. 1 (Cliath) "2 1 0
5 (Elder) 5 Tu 10 2 (Foster) 5 a4 1
Philodox 3(Adren) 7 5 1
Rank Glory "Honor Wisdom 4 (Athro) 9 7 2
1 (Cliath)? Osoem<3 0 5 (Elder) 10 8 3

2 (Fostern) 1 5 2 aap! *

4

«
&
"

Chapter Bight: Systems



DED Bede

YY

ir rr
———— —_a at

I think that, as life is action and passion, it is required of
aman that he should share the passion and action of his time
at peril of being judged not to have lived.

— Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.

This chapter is designed to make the role of the Storyteller easier
and to provide players with a list of possible actions for their
characters. Other chapters detail the basic rules of Werewolf: The
Wild West; this chapter concentrates on permutations and compli-
cations, We can't cover every possibility that can arise ina game,
but this chapter offers enough information to help the Storyteller
design systems of her own, and tofill any blanks. Indeed, any of the
systems provided here can and should be modified to fita situation
or your game. Use what works and discard the rest.

This chapter also offers guidelines for pacing events in your
stories. This includes basic ideas on organizing a story, and ways
to decide who draws first in a shoot-out. The Action Sequence

is an outline of the order of events in a turn.

Chapter Wine: Drama

Knowing when to impose systemsand dice rolls to determine
characters' success at actions is as important as knowing when
not to. If it's doubtful that a character can perform an action,
call fora roll. If the action is straightforward and simple, assume
success. Minimizing dice rolls and rules makes for a faster game
and a seamless story.

If rules and dice rolls are called for, make sure the event is
unique and suspenseful. If players have to make the same rolls
every time their characters cross the dusty street, the game
becomes boring. However, if you call for different rolls that make
demands on characters' different abilities, and those rolls are
crucial to the progress of the story, the players will hang on each
bouncing die, feeling as much anxiety as their Garou characters.


Time passes in the World of Darkness just as it does in the
real world. However, measuring that time can be difficult.
There are five ways to organize time in a story

‘w Turn: The basic unit of time. A turn
three seconds to three minutes. A turn represents enough

n last from

time to take one action.

4 Scene: A number of rurns linked together by a com-
mon setting. A scene is structured according to turn-by-turn
actions or free-form roleplaying.

w Chapter: A series of scenes and downtime that forms
an independent section of a story. A chapter usually takes
one game session to complete.

‘@ Story: One complete adventure encompassing several
chapters and multiple game sessions. A complete story in-
cludes an introduction, build-up and conclusion.

‘w Chronicle: The ongoing escapades of a certain pack,

including all of its stories from start to finish. A
chronicle is a series of

>»

related stories
linked by the

same char-
R) acters or

\ setting.

SSeS

ZIELs

Player interaction and the Storyteller decide how long
each of these units of time lasts. Fast-paced, action-packed
stories blur from scene to scene and from chapter to
chapter. Long, suspenseful stories may demand whole
game sessions to complete a single scene. The turn itself
can also vary depending on characters' actions and the
pace of the story.

Turns

The range of possible actions that characters can at-
tempt in a turn is virtually unlimited, and the Storyteller
can easily be overwhelmed. Each character, whether he
belongs to a player or the Storyteller, will want to take an
action in each turn. Figuring out when things happen in
a turn — who shoots first, when the dynamite explodes —
is vital to the outcome of a

cene or story.

Turns are used to organize and stage the events of a
scene. Each character typically gets to attempt one a
tion in a turn. The nature of these actions determines

the duration of a turn. At the beginning of the turn each
player announces what her character aims to accom-
plish. The Storyteller also decides what his characters
attempt. The outcome of each action is resolved in order
aracters with high initiative
act first and might get the drop on their opponents.
Players resolve their turns in order until everyone has
used all of their actions, and then the process is
repeated in the next turn.

of initiative (see below).


ELL:

=
Taking Actions

Anything can happen in the Savage West and some
fools will try just about anything. The characters have as
many options in their situations as real people do in real
situations. Most actions do not require dice rolls and can
be roleplayed or stated plainly. It's not necessary to roll
dice when you want to have a conversation or walk down
a street.

Dice rolls are only applicable when characters take
actions that are challenging, dangerous or both. When the
Wyld-spirits of the plains grow restless or the poisonous
beasts of the Wyrm ooze from the Earth, you can bet that
characters respond with challenging and dangerous ac-
tions, and the dice determine their success or failure.

Simple Actions

In general, simple actions don't require dice rolls; the
character is automatically successful. The Storyteller does
have the option to ask for a roll if the circumstances warrant
it, though. Simple actions quickly become complex if a
scene proves stressful. Here's a list of typical simple actions.

Yield: Don't do anything. The character allows
others to go before her, even though she has the higher
initiative. The character can decide to take her action at
any time after she yie' If everyone yields, nothing
happens that turn. Yielding can be strategically beneficial,
but a character also runs the risk of losing an opportunity.

‘@ Healing: Werewolves' connection to Gaia allows
them to heal much faster than any normal person or wolf. If
acharacter does nothing else during a turn, she may choose
to regenerate one Health Level, subject toa few restrictions.

A werewolf can't automatically regenerate aggravated
wounds. She also can't heal quickly in her natural form
unless she's metis. (Metis can regenerate in any form; just
one of the reasons why they're so dangerous.) If the Garou
takes any action in addition to healing, a successful Stamina
roll (difficulty 8) must be made to heal. It's a difficult thing
to do, but sometimes necessary when surrounded by a pack
of ravenous Black Spirals.

‘W Moving: A typical human can walk seven yards in a
turn, jog 12 + Dexterity in yards, and run 20 + (3 x
Dexterity) yards. Garou are capable of much faster move-
ment than the typical human. If a Garou assumes the
Crinos, Hispo or Lupus forms, she can cover greater dis-
tances on all fours. It may be dirty business, but any Garou
worth her hide knows it's better than strolling upright across
the countryside. The following chart details the differences
in movement rates between the many forms. Don't forget to
include any Dexterity modifiers for each form.

A roll isn't usually ne: y for a character to walk
from here to there. If the going is rough, exceptionally
long, or pits two characters against each other, you might
have to break out the dice. If a character wants to turn tail
and run from battle, he might have to do some dodging
before he gets out of trouble.


wal

\\

ta

‘w Reversion to Breed Form: All Garou can shift to
breed form automatically. No dice are rolled and the shift
occurs immediately. A lupus Garou can shift to wolf form for
a quick getaway; a homid can change to Homid form to fire
off a few shots. A metis...well, a metis can shift to Crinos
and the rest isn't pretty. For complete rules on changing
forms, see Shapeshifting, pg. 251.

Complex Actions

Complex actions require skill, concentration and a bit of
luck to perform. Whenever a character wants to try something
and has a chance of failing, the Storyteller should call for an
appropriate dice roll. Alternatively, the Storyteller may wish
to award automatic successes to characters with superior skills.
The Storyteller shouldn't demand that a character who has
years riding experience roll Ride every single time something
unexpected happens. He's done this before and the player
probably has a lot of dice to roll. The attempt will probably
succeed anyway, so why slow the game?

‘w Attack: Sometimes negotiating isn't enough and only
your claws and your Rage can keep you alive. Even the most
peaceful Garou is a slave to his animal nature. Whenever a
character wishes to punch, scratch, kick or claw an opponent,
a roll is required; automatic successes don't apply to combat.

w Dodge: Of course, getting out of the way is a good idea,
too. A character can abort another action and dodge to avoid
getting hit, assuming she still has any actions left. This requires
a Dodge roll.

‘w Change Form: A character may attempt to shapeshift.
This requires a roll, except when changing to one's breed form.

‘@ Climb: Garou are always climbing all sorts of things:
barns, trees, stagecoaches, Banes and mountains. Doing so isn't
always safe.

‘w Leadership: Keeping your cool while Banes creep out the
woodwork is not an easy thing to do. Keeping control of a pack
when Kinfolk bodies lie on the floor is even tougher.

‘w Reload a Gun: It's tricky to get bullets into a cylinder
when you have about two seconds left to live.

ra al e-

Multiple Actions

As much as some might deny it, werewolves are born to cut
through their enemies. As born and bred warriors, they are
among the fiercest combatants on the planet.

Players often take advantage of their Garou's combat
skills by performing as many actions as possible in one turn.
A player has to split her character's Dice Pool to stage
multiple attacks, or spend Rage for extra actions, or both.
Combining these options simulates the devastating preda-
tory powers of the Garou.

Multiple and Rage actions can also be used to do things
other than fight. The rules described below apply to combat
and more esoteric actions.

Splitting Dice Pools: A character can perform multiple
actions in a single turn, such as shooting two pistols or dodging
and shooting at the same time, but the player has to divide the
dice rolled. The player takes the Dice Pool for the action that
has the fewest number of dice and splits it among the actions
performed. A character with a Dexterity + Dodge total of five
dice and a Dexterity + Firearms total of seven dice receives five
dice to be allocated between dodging and shooting. You're only
as good as your least practiced skill.

‘w Rage Actions: In addition to splitting Dice Pools to stage
multiple actions, players can spend Rage points to gain extra
actions. Each Rage point spent enables a character to perform
one more action with a full, normal Dice Pool.

For example, if a player spends two Rage points, his charac-
ters can perform three full actions (one regular plus two Rage
actions), each with its own Dice Pool. The player may then
break down these full actions according to the rules for splitting
Dice Pools, increasing the number of actions even further. A
player can never spend more Rage per turn than his character
has Dexterity points.

Normal humans don't have the option to use Rage for extra
actions. Only the Garou, born of an angry mother, can unleash
their hatred in such a flurry of activity. A werewolfs Rage
makes her heart pound and ushers her forward when every-
thing else deserts her.

nl = <* az

Mwowetabat °° Distance (yards per turn)
; * Homia ~ Glabro Crinos* ‘Hispo Lupus }
ge Wak a its? 79) 16) gtd
Jog -. x M2 ¢ Dex i 1+ Dex. 12.(14) + Dex. Homid x 1.5 Homidx2
CS eoRim, os oe 20+ Dexx3°_ 20¥Dexx3 ~~ 20(22)+ Dexx3 HomidxiS— — Homidx2

as *.Number in parentheses applies when quadrupedal.

Werewolf: The Wild West
ww


The players and the Storyteller must respect Rage for what
it represents. Spending Rage means unleashing primal fury. It
means the Garou has let go of herself. The Storyteller should
control when players can spend Rage. Only stressful situations
warrant the expenditure of this powerful force; most combat
falls into this category, but any time a fight's too easy, a
werewolf won't feel the need to tap her Rage.

‘@ Order of Multiple Actions: When a character's Dice
Pool is split for multiple actions, resolve all the actions at the
same time. This simulates a character devoting her attention
to multiple tasks. If a character receives multiple actions from
Rage, the actions are resolved at different times.

When players spend Rage to take additional actions, things
can get confusing. The Storyteller has two options. First, each
character and combatant takes his first action in order of
initiative from highest to lowest. Once everyone has taken
their first action, characters with extra Rage actions may take
their second actions in order of descending initiative. This
proceeds until all characters have taken all of their actions.
Resolve any split Dice Pools within individual Rage actions.

The Storyteller's second option more accurately represents
Rage actions in relation to the turn sequence. The Storyteller
counts down initiative as usual, with the highest-rolling player
taking her action first. If she has spent Rage to receive more
actions, her second and subsequent actions occur immediately
after her first. Treat each additional action as if it is one point
lower in initiative than the previous one. A player who takes
her first action when other players are resolving Rage actions
takes precedent and resolves her action first.

Forexample, Runs-Swiftly attacks two vampires whohave killed
one of his packmates. Runs-Swiftly's player spends one Rage point
foran extra action to tear both Ticks to pieces. One of the vampires
also gets an extra action from one of her Wyrm-spawned abilities.

Runs-Swiftly gets five initiative successes. The female vam-
pire receives four, and the slower vampire receives two. The
vengeful werewolf takes his first action on five and his second
on four. The bloodsucker takes her first action on four, before
Runs-Swiftly takes his Rage action, and takes her second
action on three. The slow vampire will probably never see his
first action, but if he survives he will resolve his action on two.

According to the first method of resolving multiple actions,
the slow vampire would have been able to take his first action
before his compatriot, and Runs-Swiftly would have taken
their first and second actions.

Initiative
There are two types of people in the Savage West: the quick
and the dead. It's acliché, but those who don't believe it usually
end up six feet under — and some of them get back up again!
Sometimes it's just a matter of who shoots first and who dies.
The Storytellerneeds to determine the order in which

events take place at the beginning of every action turn.
In anormal situation, each player makes an initiative

roll and the Storyteller rolls for the characters' adversaries.
Initiative is resolved with a Wits + Alertness roll (difficulty 4).
(Wits + Ride, Wits + Firearms or any other fitting Ability might
be more appropriate in certain circumstances.)

The character who receives the most successes acts first.
Failure (no successes) indicates that a character hesitates and
acts last (initiative is effectively zero). Actions are resolved
simultaneously when there's a tie.

A botched initiative roll means a character cannot act this
turn; something unexpected happens — a gun jams, a horse
stumbles — and the character is momentarily out of action.
The Storyteller may let a character act ona botched initiative,
but may reduce the player's Die Pool by the number of Is in the
botched Initiative roll. (In this case, the player's initiative is
considered zero.) This option keeps the story moving and keeps
everyone in the game.

If a player decides to yield, his character allows others with
lower initiatives to perform first. The yielding character may
take his action at any time in the remainder of the turn.

Action Sequence

Runningasmooth action scene requiresa certain amount of
organization. Just as turns help organize a scene, the following
sequence helps organize a turn. The Storyteller's goal is to
enhance the story with action, not slow it down with charts,
turns and dice rolls.

¥ Initiative

The Storyteller describes the current situation from each
character's point of view at the beginning of the turn. The
players will want to know what their characters are able to
accomplish, and have a sense of what their enemies might try.
A recap of the last turn's events and its outcome is often the
most effective way to describe the current situation. Keep in
mind that a character may not be able to see everything — a
fight can be confusing and disorienting. Furthermore, there
may not be enough time for characters to take in everything.

It isn't necessary for the Storyteller to list the players' options.
The Storyteller should describe their situation in as much detail
as possible and let the players make their own decisions. The more
information that's provided, the more dynamic and realistic the
scene is. Yet there are times when the absence of detail, such as
when a character frenzies, is more appropriate and dramatic.

Once the Storyteller has described the circumstances, each
player rolls initiative and the Storyteller rolls for the charac-
ters' adversaries and allies (Wits + Alertness, difficulty 4).
Each player declares what he or she attempts in ascending
order of initiative (the player who gets the fewest initiative
successes declares his action first). Once everyone has declared
actions, the player with the most initiative successes acts first,
and so on in descending order. Use the multiple-action guide-
lines above when players declare more than one task ina turn.

Ifa player wants to spend Rage points ina turn, the act must
be declared in the initiative phase.

Chapter Mine: Drama


A character can't normally change her action once the
action phase has begun and all actions have been declared.
However, a player may want to, for example, stop trying to
crack a safe when she discovers that a frenzied Black Spiral
Dancer is about to tear her throat out. If a player changes her
character's action, the Storyteller should impose a penalty. All
difficulties of the new action increase by one. The only excep-
tion to this penalty is when a character aborts an action in order
to dodge. When a character reacts to an incoming attack by
getting out of the way, no penalty should be imposed. Option-
ally, the Storyteller may require a player to spend a Willpower
point to change actions with no penalty.

wv Ambushes

Occasionally it isn't necessary to roll to determine the order
of initiative. If a character gets the drop on her opponent, via a
well-planned ambush or surprise attack, she automatically gets
to move first. The Storyteller determines what entails a success-
ful ambush and can call for Perception or Stealth rolls as she
deems appropriate. The Storyteller can, in special circum-
stances, determine the order of attack without need of Initiative
rolls. When a successful ambush is staged, the attackers have a
full turn to act against their opponents without a counterattack.

wv Actions

Once initiative has been determined, each character ex-
ecutes his or her action. The Storyteller determines the
appropriate roll and sets the difficulty. A player rolls, splitting
dice for multiple actions if necessary, and announces the
number of successes.

Most combat actions tend to be attacks. The number of
successes rolled determines the accuracy of pistol shots or
punches. The Storyteller determines the results of actions in
the resolution stage.

¥ Resolution

The Storyteller determines the outcome of events that
occur in a turn. While dice determine the magnitude of
success, the Storyteller determines the actual results of actions.

Inacombat scene, the Storyteller determines the effective-
ness of a hit or the quality of a dodge. The number of successes
on an attack roll indicates the effectiveness of the attack. A
successful hit means the player makes a damage roll.

The type of attack determines how many damage dice are
rolled. In brawling combat and melee, the character's Strength
plus any modifiers determine the number of damage dice
rolled. The number rolled for a gun is equal to the damage
rating of the weapon plus the number of successes rolled on the
attack. The difficulty of damage rolls is always 6.

Each success rolled has the potential to inflictone Health Level
of damage. Successes rolled on damage dice do not automatically
affect the victim. A target can attempt to shrug off damage with
Stamina (difficulty 6). Each success on this soak roll reduces the
inflicted damage by one Health Level. A Garou's form and some
Gifts can modify Stamina or provide extra protection.

Note: Damage rolls and soak rolls cannot be botched.

Combat Systems

Gaia created werewolves as her last line of defense against the
Apocalypse. While that day seems far off, the battle for su-
premacy between the Wyrm, the Weaverand the Wyldis fought
every day. The Savage West is one of the last places left in the
world where the Wyld still thrives, but it is encroached upon
constantly. An increasing amount of settlers press west like a
juggernaut, bringing the Weaver and her children with them.
Meanwhile, the Wyrm lies buried beneath the ground, ready to
rise and cull the herd, not only of the weak and sickly, but of the
strong and healthy. The Garou are trapped between these forces
and feel that the only way out is to cut their way free.

Violent conflict is the easiest means by which a Storyteller
can create drama and suspense. The following mechanics
determine the outcome of combat. The rules are designed to
simulate the dynamics of battle while still remaining a game.

The three basic forms of combat — gunfighting, melee and
brawling — all use the same basic system.

‘e Gunfighting and Ranged Weapons: A gunfight, the
most cinematically popular way to settle disputes, is any
combat in which opponents draw iron and try to shoot each
other down. Gunfighting can also include cannons. The basic
system is Dexterity + Firearms, and with the difficulty depend-
ing on the accuracy of the weapons used. The roll for bows and
thrown weapons is Dexterity + Athletics with difficulty de-
pending on the distance to the target.

4W Melee: Melee concernsall combat wherein the combatants
use hand weapons. Wielding a saber or a similar weapon isn't
easy or natural as simply punching someone; it requires training
and skill. Melee also covers all combat with makeshift hand
weapons such as bottles, chairs or other people. Each weapon
brings its own dynamics toa fight, but the basic system is Dexterity
+ Melee, and the difficulty to hit depending on the weapon.

te Brawl: Brawling is the most common type of combat. It
involves any situation in which one person seeks to strike
another with her bare fist or any other part of her anatomy.
Opponents must be within reach of each other. There are
humerous complications and special maneuvers for brawling
combat, but the basic system is Dexterity + Brawl.

Combat scenes can, of course, be a mix of these three
systems with additional complications thrown in. One charac-
ter might have a rifle while another uses her klaive and yet
another enters frenzy and swings wildly with her claws. Char-
acters may choose not to enter combat directly, but sneak
behind their opponents or step sideways into the Umbra.

Complications and
Permutations

Combat almost never involves characters who simply
stand in place and beat each other. That is unrealistic
and makes for dull action scenes. Instead, combat-
ants dive for cover, try to outflank each other, shoot

Werewolf: The Wild West


objects out of each other's hands and bring Gifts into play.
Most of these complications are detailed here, and these rules
provide a foundation on which to improvise even more
complex combat scenes.

General Complications

The following complications apply to all action situations
regardless of the type of combat or weapons used.

w Changing Actions: If a character decides to change her
intended action once the turn has begun, she suffers for her
indecisiveness. The new action may still be attempted, but its
difficulties increase by one. The Storyteller should limit charac-
ters' chances to change actions; it's difficult to be fully aware of
everything that goes on ina combat situation. Changing actions
should be reserved for dramatically appropriate moments or
when a character's first action has simply become impossible.

Thisrule doesn't apply when a character switches toa dodge
action (see Dodging, below).

*w Coordinated Attacks: A pack that has trained
together and that has a strong leader (minimum
Leadership of 3) can coordinate its attacks on a
single opponent for greater effectiveness. The
leader must make a successful Leadership roll
(difficulty 6), and each pack member must re-
serve his
(the coordinated attack is staged on the low-
est initiative achieved by the pack members).

ction until the entire pack can act

If successful, each attack has its difficulty re-
duced by one. This system works for both ranged
combat, melee and brawling.

If the leader's roll fails, characters act
normally, based on their own initiative
rolls. The lead character loses his first
(or only) action
turn, though.

w Dodging:
Noncombative or
smart characters

in the

try to avoid in-
coming blows. Any
time that a cha

acter is being
attacked, the
player may

declare a dodge. This can be done even if the player previously
declared another action for the turn. The character does not
suffer the normal penalty for changing actions (see Changing
Actions, above).

A character can also declare a dodge and still attempt to
perform the action declared at the beginning of the turn (if
doing so is physically possible). The normal rules for multiple
actions apply; the lowest Dice Pool of the actions performed is
split among the actions.

The success of a dodge is determined with a Dexterity +
Dodge roll. Each success rolled removes one success from the
opponent's attack roll. In order to dodge multiple attacks, the
player must split her dodge Dice Pool between incoming attacks.

The difficulty of dodging in melee and brawling combat is
6, but it increases by one for every following attacker.

The difficulty of dodging ranged attacks is determined by

the availability of nearby cover and the mobility of the
character. The character doesn't
physically dodge bullets,
but dives for

cover.


=

O

Difficulty Terrain

2 By moving half a step, the character is
under full cover

4 Full cover within diving distance (one yard)
Full cover within running distance (three yards)

Ul Partial cover within running distance; move-
ment difficult

8 Noavailable cover; characterdivestoground

10 Movementseverely restricted; stuck inacloset

Immobilization: Stunned, unconscious or otherwise
immobilized opponents make easy targets. Foes who cannot
move whatsoever can be hit automatically at close range; no
roll is required. If the target is immobilized but canstill struggle,
difficulties to hit it are reduced by two.

‘w Stunning: Werewolves are hardy creatures and are
difficult to permanently put down. They can, however, be
dazed by solid blows. Whenever the actual number of Health
Levels lost in an attack exceeds a character's Stamina, she is
stunned and unable to act in the following turn. A Rage point
may be spent in the following turn to counter this effect.

Gunfight Complications

Am I fast or is Sweden just a very small place?

— The Kid, The Quick and the Dead

The prominence of firearms in the Savage West makes
gunfights an important part of a Wild West story. Not every-
one carries a pistol or rifle, but anyone expecting a fight better
be packing a trusted weapon. The following list of variables can
complicate a firefight.

‘w Aiming: Characters who take the time to aim have a
better chance of hitting their targets. Aiming takes time and
requires that a character do nothing but focus on his shot. For
every turn the character spends taking aim, one die is added to
her Firearms Dice Pool. The player may add as many dice to the
character's Dice Pool as the character possesses Perception
points. A Perception of 3 allows a character to aim for three
turns and gain a three-die bonus. Four turns of aiming for the
same character would provide no additional benefit.

4 Cover: Only foolsand sheriffs stand in the middle of thestreet
and get shot at. While the empty-street gun duel might seem
honorable orromantic, it'sa quick way to get killed. Gettingbehind
cover can save one's hide from a hail of bullets. Depending on how
protective that covers, the difficulty ofa shot increases from one to
four. Cover can also protect a character from most forms of harm.

Being behind cover can work against a character, too. If the
gunslinger needs to spring from cover to fire and duck back
down again, the difficulty of her shots increases by one.

Cover Difficulty
Lying flat (light) +1
Wagon wheel (moderate) +2
Barn door (good) 43
Only head exposed (superior) +4

Werewolf: The Wild West

‘w Cover Fire: By repeatedly firing at opponents without
wasting time trying to hit, a character can force his opponents
to dive for cover. This might allow for the strategic withdrawal
of a packmate or might give the character enough time to
escape into the Umbra in the following turn. The player rolls
Perception + Firearms at a difficulty equal to her individual
opponents' Willpower. (The roll iscompared toeach opponent's
Willpower to determine if each dives for cover.) Only one
success is required to force an opponent to dive for cover and
lose any actions that remained in the turn. (There is no penalty
for such "changing of actions" on the victim's part.)

‘w Duels and Staredowns: The image has been burned into
our collective psyche: The sheriff walks into the street. The
villain awaits him at the end of town. They lock eyes, the clock
strikes and one man falls.

The most important moment of a gunfight isn't the pull of
the trigger. A gunfight is a battle of Willpower. The Storyteller
should use the rules for staredowns when two gunslingers meet
inthestreet (see Staredowns, below). The loser of the staredown
can't perform a quick-draw (see Quick-Draw, below).

w Fanning: Most pistols in the Savage West are double-
action, requiring time to cock and fire. This makes multiple
shots all but impossible, even with multiple actions or split
Dice Pools. However, a character may attempt to fan his pistol
and fire multiple shots. One hand repeatedly strikes the ham-
mer while the other pulls the trigger.

Fanninga pistol requires a split Dice Pool or the expenditure
of Rage to account for shots fired and to pull off the fanning
action. Fora character to fan, a player first needs tomakea Wits
+ Firearms roll (difficulty 8). (The Dice Pool used to fan and
shoot is the lower of either Wits + Firearms or Dexterity +
Firearms.) If the fan roll succeeds, remaining Rage actions or
dice in the pool can be allocated to the number of shots fired.
If the fan roll fails, only one shot can be squeezed off.

Fanning, whether successful or not, increases the difficulties
ofall shots fired by two. Obviously only trained gunfighters can
pull off this maneuver.

Fanning is the only way that multiple shots can be fired with
adouble-action pistol, unless the character deliberately splits
his Dice Pool to fire, cock and fire again.

@ Movement: If the target or shooter moves, the difficulty
of firing increases. If either party moves at a speed faster than
awalk, but slower than a run, the shooter's difficulty increases
by one. If either moves at a run or faster, whether on horseback
or ona train, the difficulty increases accordingly.

‘@ Multiple Shots: If a gunslinging Garou wants to make
multiple shots in a single turn, he has a few options. If he has a
double-action pistol, he has to fan his pistol with a Rage action
or split Dice Pool (see Fanning, above). If he has a single-action
pistol, ora rifle, he may take as many shots as he has bullets, and
as may as his player has dice to split among them.

Particular weapons require special attention where
multiple shots are concerned. -


Shotguns: Shotguns are available in two types: single-barrel
and double-barrel. Double-barrel shotguns can be used to fire
twoshots simultaneously at one target (one roll; +1 difficulty),
or single shots leaving the remaining cartridge loaded and
ready to fire. A double-barrel shotgun can be used to make
multiple attacks, but only if one barrel is fired at a time; a Rage
point can be spent for an extra action or the Dexterity +
Firearms Dice Pool split between the shots, as usual.

Asingle-barrel shotgun can'tbe used to make multiple attacks,
nor can a double-barrel that fires both barrels at one target in a
single action. The loading mechanisms of shotguns simply denies
the multiple shots that are possible with pistols or rifles.

The Damage listed for shotguns on the Firearms Chart is for
a single-barrel. If both barrels of a double-barrel are fired
simultaneously, double the damage dice listed.

Gatling guns: The Gatling gun is the world's first automatic
weapon. If folks in the Savage West ever see one, it's in the
possession of the army; the gun is not available to civilians
(unless somehow stolen).

It is typically mounted on a tripod. It is fired by turning a
crank, and is fed ammunition on a belt that is stored in a box.
It requires a crew of humans to operate it. Superhuman
strength is required to single-handily lift a Gatling gun, let
alone fire it effectively (Strength 6 to carry, 8 to fire).

A Gatling gun sprays bullets. Whether firing from a tripod
or with the Gatling in hand, a character rolls Dexterity +
Firearms (difficulty 8) to hit, but gains 10 additional dice to his
pool, increasing the chances to hit and do damage.

If a Garou in Crinos form plans to move around with a
Gatling gun, he needs an assistant to carry the ammunition
box that the gun-belt feeds from. If no one can help him, the
Garou must remain in place to continue firing.

If a botch is rolled while firing, the gun jams and can't be
cleared until downtime permits; a jam can't be cleared in
combat. If two ormore Isare rolled onabotch, the gun explodes.
All those in its immediate vicinity suffer 12 dice normal damage
(soakable), and that's all she wrote for that gun.

Bows and Thrown Weapons: Attacks made with these weap-
ons are resolved with Dexterity + Athletics. The number of
multiple shots that are possible is usually limited by the
amount of axes or spears that a character carries. Dice Pools are
split among the number thrown.

Bows can usually be used to fire one shot ina turn unless the
archer has prepared to fire multiple times. (He has several
arrows stabbed into the ground before him, ready to be fired.)
In that case, he splits his Dice Pool or spends Rage as usual.

 Quick-Draw: Quick-drawing is the act of drawing and
shooting in one fluid motion in the same turn to beat an
opponent to the shot. This system is restricted to face-off
gunfights only. It can't be used in regular combat, as quick-

draw is as much a matter of speed and precision as it is
anticipating the movements of a particular oppo-
@ nent, without being distracted.

Chapter Mine: Drama

Combatants in a face-off may roll Wits + Firearms (or Wits
+ Athletics for bows or thrown weapons) rather than Wits +
Alertness (difficulty 4) to determine initiative. The rest of the
shoot-out is resolved normally with Dexterity + Firearms rolls.

A face-off doesn't have to be strictly one-on-one; one or two
allies can contend with one or more opponents on an open
street. Skilled gunfighters can still use Wits + Firearms to beat
their opponents to the shot in such situations. The difference is
that when a single character faces multiple opponents, he must
spend Rage or split his Dice Pool to shoot at them.

Practiced gunfighters often specialize in Quick-Draw with
their Firearms Abilities for that added edge that might mean
the difference between life and a pine box.

A character who loses a staredown in a duel cannot perform
a quick-draw in that same fight.

w Range: The distance from shooter to target is a major
factor in gunfighting. The Firearms Chart lists the medium
range of each gun type; shots fired within this range are
resolved normally. A firearm can shoot effectively up to twice
its listed range, but the difficulty for doing so increases by one.

In the case of bows and thrown weapons, range determines
the difficulty of the shot. The distance in yards between shooter
and target is divided by the attacker's Strength (rounded up).
The result is the difficulty of the shot. The maximum range that
acharacter can throw a small object is Strength x 10 in yards.

Point-blank shots, regardless of weapon type, occur up to
one yard away from the target, and have a difficulty of 4.

4¥ Reloading: Reloading a weapon when no shotsare being fired
iseasy, unless you're character's lupus who's never handled gun. In
the heat of combat, however, the click ofa hammer hitting an empty
chamber usually spells disaster. Reloading a weapon quickly and
understress requires Wits + Firearms roll (difficulty 6). The number
of successes rolled equals the number of bullets that can be loaded
inone tum. Failure indicates that something distracts the character
— probably the shots being fired at him — and he can't load his
weapon. A botch indicates that the character dropsall ofhis bullets.

4 Silver Bullets: Given werewolves' allergy tosilver, itmightseem
prudenttoloadapistol withsilverbullets. However, withoutdelvingtoo
deeply into metallurgy or physics, silver bullets aren't easy to come by
andfiringthem isproblematic. Even ifacharactercouldfindagunsmith
who could make silver bullets, they wouldn't be nearly as accurate as
regular bullets. Furthermore, by carrying silver bullets one draws
unwanted attention from the Garoucommunity. Noone usessilver
bullets unless they know about werewolves and are out to get hurt.

Ifa character decides to use silver ammunition anyway, she
suffers from several penalties. All firing difficulties increase by
one, the weapon's range ishalved and botches indicate that the
gun is damaged permanently and cannot fire.

Yet Garou take aggravated damage from successful hits; it is
silver, after all. If the attack does more damage than the target
has Stamina, the bullet lodges itself in the character's body. If this
occurs a Garou takes another aggravated wound every turn until
she reverts to Homid form (or breed form, in the case of lupus).


©)

Cormplications
Complication Difficulty

Changing action-- +1
‘Target immobilized _ 2 }
» Long range v Sore? Poh ee i}
Point-blank range 4. : 7
Target behind light cover/lying flat +1
Target behind moderate cover pad
Target behind good cover 3°
Target behind superior-cover +4
~. Targeting/shooter moving +1 °° )
~~ Trick shot - See chart
— 26 ;
ee __ meee ie od

w Two Guns: Using two guns puts a shooter at a distinct
advantage, but it also has its drawbacks. At the very least, the
shooter must have a lot of ammunition on hand. The real
disadvantage, of course, is that her hands are full and she has
to concentrate on two different guns.

Pistols: Twin pistols are fairly common in gunslinger circles,
Any gunslinger who wants to live should have a back-up weapon,
even if she doesn't use them both at the same time. Firing two
pistols simultaneously requires the player to split her Dice Pool.
The character suffers a -2 difficulty penalty forher off-hand, unless
she's ambidextrous. Fanning is impossible with your hands full of
guns, so using double-action pistols in this manner limits you to
two shots. Ifa character has single-action pistols, she may take as
many shots as she has bullets and dice to split among them.

Rifles: Fewcan wield and fire tworiflesat thesame time, but those
few who can are holy terrors. Fighting with two rifles requires a
minimum Strength of 3 anda whole lot of luck. The shooter has to
spend Rage points for extra actions or split his Dice Pool as normal
among the number of shots he fires. He suffers any appropriate off-
hand penalties as well. And the rifleman needs to swing-cock each
rifle after each shot (spin a rifle in his hand while holding the
cocking mechanism) in order to fire again. Cocking each gun while
firing multiple shots requires a Dexterity + Firearms roll, difficulty
8. Only one success per rifle is necessary, but the dice must come
from the character's Dice Pool or from an extra Rage action.

Difficulty Target
FI +2 2 Hand

+4 Eye

+3 Head

52 | Torso. 3

+3 Groin

424% Leg

--no modifier Fall prone ;
se Ses Alt nies

Werewolf: The wild

Shotguns: Itis possible to wield and fire two shotguns, but it's very
demanding; you need Strength of at least 4 to doso. A single-barrel
shotgun can only fire once before itneeds to be reloaded, so carrying
two guns affords a character two shots in one action. Double-barrel
shotguns can fire two double bursts (+1 difficulty each) or four
individual shots, maximum, in one action. A Rage point isspent for
extra actions or Dice Pools for these shots are split normally. A
shotgun in the off-hand suffers a +2 difficulty modifier.

Gatling Guns: Two Gatling guns? Please!

Bows: Two bows? How many arms does your character have?

Thrown Weapons: Throwing two weapons offers two attacks
and requires a split Dice Pool. Unless the character is ambidex-
trous an off-hand difficulty penalty of two is imposed.

‘@ Trick Shots: Targeting a specific part of a target's body,
a small object or a portion of a larger object is sometimes
required to put the target down quickly or to achieve some
effect (shooting the wick off a stick of dynamite is dangerous,
but could save the Kinfolk who are tied up around it).

Targeting a specific part of a body or object increases a shot's
difficulty, but can increase the effectiveness of the shot. Not
only do called shots cause more damage, they can cause victims
to drop their weapons, lose their sight or fall prone.

The Storyteller should determine the modifiers of shooting
objects based on this chart. The effects of shooting objects are
determined by the circumstances of the story.

Firearms

Firearm Types

‘@ Pistols: Pistols vary in size, shape and model. The main
distinction between pistols is the hammer action. Single-
action pistols don'trequire any additional effort beyond pulling
the trigger; the hammer cocks when the trigger is pulled. Old,
double-action pistols require a shootist to cock the hammer
manually before firing. Double-action pistols require fanning
in order to fire multiple shots, while single-action pistols are
only limited by the ability of the gunslinger.

‘@ Rifles: Rifles, for the purposes of game play, vary mostly
based on theirammunition capacity and range. Some weapons,
such asa buffalo gun, are designed strictly for taking down large
animals. The Winchester and Spencer rifles can be loaded with
several bullets and are generally more effective in shoot-outs
than hunting rifles.

‘v Shotguns: Shotguns are available in two types: single-
barreled and double-barreled.

Damage Special Effect

no modifier Drop weapon ; ca

+3 dice ~_. Blindness 3 ¢
+2 dice Dazed ~
+1 die None *
+hdie ‘Stunned See

West


LPR EL

£

. Tye. Difficulty Damage Range Rounds Concealment Year
Pistol, Light
Remington Derringert 5° 4 . 10 2 (.41) Vv 1865
Army Model 44+ 72.8 5 25 6 (44) "e* 1860.

© Remington single-actiont ; i. : 5 25 6 (.44) Vv 1860
Pistol, Heavy * ?
Colt "Peacemaker"? 7 6 30 6 (.45) ic 1873
Rémington Army Revolvert 6 6 35 6 (.45) ic 1875
» Rifle

Henry Repeater lever-action 6 7 150 12 (.44) N 1860
Remington single-shot, bolt-action 7 9 200 1 (.45) N 1860 >
Winchester lever-action, 6 8 175 16 (.44) N 1873
Shotgun }
Remington Twelve Gauge 6 9 , 35 2 (12g) Ly 1873
Winchester single lever-action 47 9 ay35 1 (12g) | 1866 #*
Special' Weapons i. " ‘
Gatling gun 5.8 ag 225 belt (.50) N 7 1862
Bow * variable 3* 60 n/a uN nfa
Thrown Weapons ; ae ft %
Knife . variable Strength* 10, (nla Vv n/a
Spear ~ yariable — Strength + 2* 10 4 nah N n/a
Hand axe 4 «variable — Strength + 1* 10 nja Cp X nfa
Rocks +h * variable — Strength - 1* 12 nja Cc nfa

* These ranged weapons, unlike
+ Single-action pistol

earms, do not add attack successes to their damage Dice Pools.

Range: This is the practical range of the firearm in yards. A chute may fire on a target at up to double that listed

range, although this is considered a long-range shot.

Rounds: This ts the type @f ammunition fired by acertain gun, and the maximum number of bullets that can be loaded.
Concealment: V = can be hidden ina vest; C = can be hidden pide a coat; L = can be hidden inside a longeoat; N

= cannot be hidden on one's persor'at all.

‘w Gatling Gun: The Gatling gun is the world's first
automatic weapon. It is typically mounted ona tripod and is fed
ammunition on a belt.

w Thrown Weapons: Guns aren't the only form of ranged
combat; bows, spears, axes and knives can be thrown. To fire
a bow requires a minimum Strength of 3. Otherwise bows do
roughly the same amount of damage regardless of who fires.

The Dice Pool to hit with a thrown or ranged weapon,
including bows, is Dexterity + Athletics (although the Storyteller
mightallowahand weapon tobe thrown with Dexterity + Melee).

The difficulty of hitting with a thrown object or weapon is
determined by dividing the range in yards to the target by the

Strength of the character (yards/Strength) rounded up.
Thus, if character with a Strength of 3 throws a rock
at a doorway 16 yards away, the difficulty of the
5 attack is 6.

tm
The damage inflicted is determined by Strength. The number
of successes achieved on the attack roll does not increase the
damage roll where thrown weapons and bows are concerned.
The maximum range that a character can throw a small
object is generally Strength x 10 in yards.

Melee and Brawling
Complications

Werewolves typically solve their problems with claws and
teeth. If a problem has a greater scope or deep personal roots,
they might draw klaives. Both options are messier than using
firearms, but Garou aren't usually afraid to get dirty.

Melee covers the full range of armed combat, from swinging
barstools to crossing Grand Klaives. Whenevera fight involves
weapons at close range, the Storyteller should use the compli-
cations and maneuvers described below.

Chapter Wine: Drama 241


Brawling covers any combat in which Garou dispense with
fancy knives and sticks and tear into each with fang and claw. A
list of brawling complications and maneuvers is provided here.

The following complications apply to both melee and brawling.

@ Multiple Opponents: Ganging up on someone can prove
tobea highly effective tactic, while being ganged up on is never
healthy. All dodge difficulties increase by one for each oppo-
nent after first that a character faces (to a maximum of 10)

‘@ Flank and Rear Attacks: Flanking (attacking from the side)
an opponent reduces the difficulty of an attack by one. An attack
from the rear reduces the attack difficulty by two. The Storyteller
may allow the target a Perception roll to avoid the blindside,

Melee Complications

‘Aimed Strike: Justasashootistcanaim carefully tohitaspecific
partofan opponent's body, amelee weapon can be used tostrikea vital
nerve or a sensitive location. A blow to the leg can cripple an
opponent. A strike to the head can daze an otherwise unbeatable foe.

The aimed strike uses the same chart as for Trick Shots, under
Gunfight Complications, above. The one exception is the "drop
weapon" special effect. An aimed strike can force someone to
drop a simple item, but no one in melee combat gives up their
weapon so easily; use the Disarm rules, below, instead.

‘@ Disarm: Klaive duelsand otherfights involving melee weapons
are deadly affairs. Disarming an opponent is a clever means to end a
battle without loss of life or honor. The player rolls Dexterity + Melee
(add one to the weapon's normal difficulty to hit). If at least three
successes are scored, the player rolls the weapon's damage. If damage
successes exceed the opponent's Strength rating, the opponent loses
her grip on her weapon. A botch usually means the attacking
character drops his weapon instead. The target of this action suffersno
damage, whether the disarm attempt succeeds or fails.

4 Parry: Many Garou elect to block incoming blows with their
weapons rather than try to absorb the damage. A character can parry
at any time, just as he can dodge at any time, so long as there are still
dice in his Dice Pool. A character cannot parry with a weapon assmall
asa knife, but can do so with a sword, klaive or even a barstool. The

aan

wa |
Melee Weapons Table —

SSeS

playerrolls Dexterity +Melee (difficulty 6). Each successsubtractsone
from the opponent's number of attack successes. A botch on a parry
roll usually means the parrying weapon fliesfrom the character'shand.

Brawling Complications

Brawls might seem the most crude form of combat, but they
canactually be quite complicated. When did you ever know two
brawlers to stand face to face and throw punches until one fell?
Listed under each complication is the range of forms in which
each particular maneuver is restricted. The Brawling Chart lists
rolls, difficulties and damage for these brawling maneuvers.

¥v Bite (Crinos — Lupus)

This is the primary weapon of wolves, and the devastating
teeth of Garou cause aggravated wounds.

¥ Block (Homid — Crinos)

Skilled combatants can divert incoming blows with their
bodies. A charactercan elect to block instead of dodge ifshe wishes
toavoid getting hurt. A character can block atany time, just asshe
can dodge at any time, as long as there are still dice in the player's
Dice Pool. Combatants can only block fists, kicks or blunt
weapons. Sabers, axes and bullets tend to penetrate flesh that gets
in their way. Roll Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 6). Each success
subtracts one from an opponent's number of attack successes.

‘ Body Slam (All Forms)

The most vulnerable place for opponents is to be is off their feet
and on their backs. Most won't just lie down, though; they have
to be convinced. To perform a body slam, a character charges
forward and hurls his weight into his opponent. The player rolls
Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 7) and needs three successes for his
character to unbalance the opponent. The opponent's action
difficulties increase by two for the rest of the turn. However, if the
opponentissuccessfully struck and doesnot succeed ina Dexterity
+ Athletics roll (difficulty of the attacker's successes + 3), she falls
tothe ground. The base damage done, whether the opponent falls
down or not, equals the attacker's Strength, and each success
scored on the attack roll above three adds one.

If the attacker does not receive at least three successes, the
maneuver fails. The character falls to the ground, loses his
remaining Dice Pool for the turn and suffers one Health Level
of damage for each success fewer than three. (A botch counts

e y Des Fe eS et Mis as zero successes, three Health Levels damage).
 Uieaag la ire oil | _y Claw (Crinos — Hispo)
.. Sap 4 Strength Vig The Garou uses his claws to rip into an opponent's flesh,
*.Club . iaoag ‘Strength + 1 LS inflicting aggravated wounds.
Bowie Knife 4 Strength + 1 (@; 3 This attack may be made when a Garou is in Lupus form, but
Hand axe 5 Strength +2 (S) normal wounds are inflicted.
+ Barstool. 7 Strength +3. N ‘v Grapple (Homid — Crinos)
© Cavalty saber "> > 6 Strength+ 4 "iL Anattackercan try to graba foe, hoping to immobilize himand
Warase! | Strength + 5+ N | subsequently crush him. If the attacker scores more successes than
Klaive 6 Suength + 2 erent his opponent's Strength score, the attacker pins the victim. Inthe
"4 Grand Klaive ot Girengthi + 4* L / next turn, she inflicts harm automatically (no attack rolls are

required). Strength is rolled asa Dice Pool to determine
i damage. A character struck by this attack loses any

» * This isa silver weapon; Garou cannot soak this damage.
* actions remaining in the current turn.

Werewolf: The Wild West


If the attacker misses completely (the player fails the Dexterity +
Brawlroll), shefallsdownand mustspend an action getting toherfeet.

Continuing to grapple over successive turns after the first
requires the combatants to make opposed Strength + Brawl rolls
(difficulty is the other combatant's Strength + Brawl total). Who-
everaccumulates more successes may immobilize the other or break
free. If the character who wins this contest had his opponent in a
hold the previous tum, the victim suffers damage automatically the
following turn. If both combatants score the same number of
successes, neither gains the upper hand during the present turn;
neither suffers damage and the match continues into the next tum.

v Kick (Homid — Crinos)

This isa boot to the teeth; the character delivers a solid foot
to soft flesh. A kick does not cause aggravated wounds.

‘ Punch (Homid — Crinos)

Most frontier folk lack claws or razor-sharp teeth. Common
people ball up their fists and knock their opponents senseless.
Werewolves use their fists when trying to make a point without
killing their students. A punch does not cause aggravated wounds.

Special Maneuvers

Although frontier life requires one to be tough as nails, few
actually specialize in the martial arts. For every dot a
character possesses in
Brawl, the player
may select
one of the
maneuvers
listed below
or may de-
sign her
own.

It is assumed that the character has trained at the maneuvers
and they are at her disposal whenever she needs them. How-
ever, special maneuvers cannot be performed by characters in
frenzy.

Fur Gnarl (Crinos — Hispo)

Thick hide or armor can make an opponent nearly invincible.
This martial technique targets an opponent's special defenses,
making her easier to defeat. The attacker lashes out with claws,
slashing through fur and peeling off layer after layer of protective
hide. Thisattack doesan incredible amount ofdamage and shreds an
opponent's defenses. Figure damage normally, except that it is
aggravated. In addition, for every two Health Levels ofdamage rolled
(damage done before soak), the opponent loses one die from
subsequent soak rolls until he either heals (in the case of natural
armor such as fur) or gets a new suit of armor.

Fur Gnarl is often used as a pack tactic. One werewolf
performs the maneuver, leaving the opponent less resistant to
his packmates' attacks.

‘v Hamstring (Crinos — Lupus)

Anenemy can't run away if his legs are shredded. By sinking
her teeth into the tendons of an opponent's lower leg and
ripping them out, an attacker disables her opponent's move-
ment. The movements of horses or other quadrupeds is
halved byasingle ham-
string attack; two

such attacks
immobilize a
quadruped. This

aggravated
wounds.


Maneuver Roll ~
+, Bi : Dex Brawl =
~* Body Slam Dex + Brawl.»
Claw Dex + Brawl ~
Grapple - Dex + Brawl
Kick = Shoes ‘Dex + Brawl
Punch . "hee Pe ~ Dex Brawl

Special Maneuvers ss :

Hamstring i Dex + Brawl
"Leaping Rake * Dex.+ Brawk
Taunt ~ Man. + Exp. |

* This maneuver does aggravated damage. _

Leaping Rake (Crinos)

The Garou puts all of her strength into one mighty leap,
taking her within range of her opponent fora fleeting moment.
When in range she strikes with her claws, tearing her opponent
apart as she continues to travel. The momentum of the jump
carries the attacker out of retaliatory range — unless, of course,
the victim has a gun.

The player must spend a Rage point for the character to
accomplish both a leap and an attack; one Dice Pool is used
for each. Calculate the effectiveness of the leap using the
Jumping rules, pg. 249. (Using the Automatic Success rule
might be simplest for adjudicating this jump.) If the character
succeeds in reaching the target, the player may make an
attack roll assuming a claw attack. After the attack, the
Garou sails clear of her opponent — hopefully. If the attack
fails, the force of the leap still carries her to a landing point,
wherever that may be. This attack causes aggravated wounds
unless the Garou punches instead of claws. A Leaping Punch
can be used in Glabro as well as in Crinos form.

‘v Taunt (All Forms)

Nothing breaks an opponent's concentration more than
barking, laughing, growling, leaping or mocking him. Garou
employing this maneuver roll about on the ground, leap high
into the air, and utter the most vivid insults imaginable.
Every two successes obtained subtract one die from the
opponent's next action. If more than one character uses the
Taunt maneuver on the same foe in one turn, the effects are
cumulative. It is possible for a group of characters to paralyze
an opponent through confusion and fear in this way. How-
ever, when one player fails a Taunt roll, no further Taunt rolls
affect the opponent that turn.

Victims paralyzed by taunting may only perform actions
that do not require rolls (although they may dodge). A
Garou subjected to such treatment must make a Rage roll to
avoid flying into a frenzy.

Difficulty Damage Actions
5% ¢ Strength + 1* 1
EET. Special i
6 Strength + 2* 1
Oy ee Strength 1 }
7 Strength + 1 21
6 Strength ~  * 1
8 Str + Special* is \
8 Strength + 2* 1 4
Opp. Wits + 4 None ail .

Armor

Armor is rare in the Savage West. Folks don't walk around
wearing metal shirts. Even if they did wear armor, it might not
stop a bullet. Premade armor is almost impossible to acquire;
just try to find it at a general store. Armor can be improvised
in times of need, though. It doesn't cover the body head to toe.
It can amount to a metal plate hung over the neck and worn,
undera blanket, or is limited to an animal-skin shield. Yet even
that impromptu protection can save a character's life.

When a character wears armor, her player adds dice to
soak rolls. Reinforced clothing adds one to soak rolls. A
steel plate or skin-shield adds two dice, but not to areas it
can't cover. A character can even try to wear most of a
Franklin stove for protection, but this adds two to the
difficulty of all Dexterity rolls. It does offer three dice worth
of armor. (The character will also look a blamed fool, but
some'd rather be foolish-looking than perforated.)

Combat in the Spirit
World

The spirit world of the Savage West is even more dangerous
than its physical counterpart. Numerous Wyld-spirits roam the
Storm Umbra, leaping on unwary Umbral travelers. Banes and
Weaver-spirits follow as settlers encroach ever westward.

Most physical-world creatures that wind up in the spirit world
are out of their realm. A human who has somehow become
trapped in the Umbra may swing a punch at a spirit only to
find that his hand passes harmlessly through it. Werewolves
are the exceptions to this rule. As much spiritual as they are
physical, Garou in the Umbra can attack spirits and Banes
with all the powers they possesses in the physical world. Even
their natural weaponry can affect and harm their foes.

Melee weapons and firearms are another matter

altogether. Objects to be taken into the Umbra e

Werewolf: The Wild West


=O

PE Deo

a

must first undergo the Rite of Talisman Dedication. Otherwise,
the Garou steps sideways and is empty-handed on the other side.
Furthermore, only supernaturally treated weapons or magical
attacks can affect spirits in the Umbra. Even in the hands of a
werewolf, a normal knife can't harm a spirit. Fortunately all
fetish weapons, including klaives, can strike spirits. A player
must still make a Gnosis roll to activate a character's fetish, but
the difficulty of doing so decreases by two in the Umbra.

Spirits

Spirits in the Umbra don't have Physical Attributes. In-
stead of attacking with claws or fists, they use their Willpower
and Rage scores. Spirits "strike" by rolling Willpower (diffi-
culty 6). If the roll is successful, the spirit hits its target. The

—30¢4e———_

spirit's Rage is rolled to determine damage (difficulty 6). Each
success causes one Health Level of aggravated wounds. A
werewolf can soak this damage by rolling Gnosis (difficulty 6).
The number of successes is the amount of damage soaked.

Spirits don't have Health Levels, either. They lose Power
points instead. So if one spirit attacks another, a damage roll
made with Rage reduces the target's Power score.

A spirit doesn't actually throw punches, kick or slash with
claws, although it might appear to do so. A spirit's attack is a
mystical assault of pure Rage; the spirit usually flies about its
enemy, engulfing him in its anger.

A spirit can't soak damage; it must take whatever punish-
ment that it is dealt. There is no difference between normal
and aggravated damage for a spirit.

Combat Summary Chart —

Stage One: Initiative

&

and performs hers first.

Ww Roll Wits + Alertness (difficulty 4). The winner declares heraction last (after she's heard everyone else's actions)

__ Declare Dice Pool division'if performing multiple actions.
® Declare any Rage point expenditures (maximum of character's Dexterity rating).

Stage Two: Attack —

Ma For firearms combat, roll Dexterity + Fireacril For thrown weapons and bows, roll Dexterity + Athletics.»

For melee (with weapons), roll Dexterity + Melee.

oat

Sa For brawling (without weapons), roll Dexterity + Brawl.
w For Dodge: Roll Dexterity + Dodge. A charactet can forfeit some or all of his Dice Pool to dodge at any time; Korat

success subtracts one from the opponent's attack successes.
Stage Three: Resolution

aa Roll damage as determined by weapon or maneuver (difficulty 6). Add attachlevctemdich todamage Dice Pools for guns.

@ Soak damage: Roll Stamina (difficulty 6).

~~ @eneral NG Mee ig ERA ‘

bf Changing! Actions: The difficulty increases by one.

@ Immobilization: The difficulty to hit an immobilized target is decreased by two. 4

:

v Stunning, When Health Level damage exceeds Stamina rating (after soaking), the target is stunned afid cannopact

in the next turn (a Rage point will counter this effect).

*

1 Spirit Combat Sie a ia

Stage One: Initiative
Ww As abote tis rll Willan rinitiative.
Stage Two: Attack

Ne
yas

¥ Roll Willpower (difficulty 6) iinless a Charm is being used (refer to the Charm description).
Dodge: Willpower (difficulty 6), or split Willpower Dice Pool between attack and dodge.

Stage Three: Resdlution
* Roll Rage (difficulty 6);

a Gnosis roll, difficulty io
‘# Soak damage: Spirits cannotsoak damage.

one Health Level of aggravated pas is inflicted per success (Garou can soak this with
ne Power point per success is lost if the target isa spirit. ;


Ss

ZOOL:

@,4

Note: When a spirit materializes onto the physical plane, it
attacks using its materialized Attributes and Abilities. At this
point, combat proceeds normally.

Garou Maneuvers

When a Garou attacks a spirit in the Umbra, the werewolf
can use any attack maneuvers he chooses. The difficulty of a
physical attack increases by one in the Umbra. Any maneuver
with a difficulty normally based on an Attribute of the oppo-
nent (Wits, for example) uses the spirit's Willpower instead.

Damage

Calculate damage for Garou attacks normally, but
apply it to the spirit's Power. Any attack from a Garou,
punch orkick, works justas aws or fetish weapons.
When a spirit has no Power left, it dissolves out of
existence. A Garou can choose to bind a defeated spirit,
too (see the Rite of Binding in Chapter 6). Most spirits flee
when reduced to one quarter or less of their Power for fear
of being bound. But many Banes keep attacking
until either they or their opponents are dead.

Pursuit in the Umbra

When a spirit or a Garou tries to flee battle in
the Umbra, use the Pursuit rules below; the spirit
rolls its Willpower. Spirits begin with three suc-
cesses automatically because of their ability to fly
in the Umbra. Ifa fleeing spirit scores 10 successes
more than its pursuer, it gets away. If the pursuer
matches the spirit's successes, he moves alongside
the spirit and may attack it. A spirit with the
Charm: Reform may simply dissipate rather than
flee and may reform elsewhere.

Dramatic
} Systems

The Rules chapter details the mechanics of
the Storyteller system. The remainder of this

chapter describes numerous ways to extrapolate
on the basics provided in the rules.

A variety of rule permutations are described
here. However, the Storyteller may use dramatic sys-
tems of her own design. In fact, we encourage it. While
the list of systems here is extensive, it can't hope to
cover every possibility. Storytellers who wish to design
their own systems should use what follows as a model.
Furthermore, the Storyteller can modify any of these
systems to suit the flavor of the story. The important
thing to keep in mind when designing new systems or
modifying old ones is consistency. As long as

your systems remain consistent throughout

astory, the players won't feel cheated and
your world will seem more realistic.

248 Werewolf: The Wild West


The following systems are useful when determining the

outcome of physical actions and confrontations. Combat is
dealt with earlier in this chapter.
Climbing

Holding higher ground always offers an advantage, espe-
cially when your opponents don't expect an ambush from
above. Simple climbs don't require a roll; climbing anything
more difficult than a ladder does. A successful Dexterity +
Athletics roll is required when any character attempts a climb.
The difficulty is determined by the gradient of the surface, the
existence or absence of hand or footholds, and other interfer-
ing circumstances (combat, severe weather, frenzy). Each
success indicates that the character climbs five feet.

For example, Runs-Swiftly attempts to climb acliff in order
to escape a band of Black Spiral Dancer bandits. The
surface is rough, but almost perfectly vertical. Bullets
ricochet off the cliff walls all around the Garou. The
penalty for failure will surely be death — or worse.

If the playerrrolls five successes, Runs-Swiftly climbs 25
feet. A failure indicates no progress. A botch indicates the
character might fall and may not continue without expending
a Willpower point. The Storyteller decides the exact difficulty
of a climb, and this one might mean trouble for Falls-Swiftly.

Difficulty Type of Climb
2 Easy: a tree with many stout branches
4 Simple:agentlecliffwith many handholds
6 Straightforward: the side of a building
8 Treacherous: an unstable cliff face
10 Extremely difficult: a sheer, vertical
surface with no handholds

Feats of Strength

Sometimes all the bullets and all the brains in
the world simply can't get a job done. Fortunately a strong se
back and a little sweat can solve some of your problems. The if
following is several ways in which strength affects a story.

‘w Lifting: The connection to Gaia gives a werewolf
incredible strength. If there's a stagecoach in his way or a
boulder blocking the mine, he can pick it up and move it. The
chart below lists the number of Strength pointsa character must
possess to lift various objects. Ifthe character has the appropriate
Strength, with or without friendly assistance, he can lift
theobjectautomatically.Cooperatingchar-
acterscanadd their Strength scores
together to lift an object.
Ofcourse, makingroom for

a whole pack in

Crinos form is a lo-
& gistical nightmare.


&)

"Under normal ‘circumstances, a character can't lift more

than his Strength would indicate on the Feats of Strength
Chart. However, if the player wishes, she may try to exceed her
character's Strength with a Willpower roll. The difficulty is
always 9 and the character only gets one shot at it. Every
success indicates that the character's effective Strength in-
creases by one for the contest in question, up to a maximum of
five additional points. Failure indicates a wasted effort. A
botch causes one Health Level of damage for every | in the roll.

‘w Throwing: If a Garou has just picked up a rock, horse or
stagecoach, why not throw itat somebody? Stagecoaches make
effective weapons.

The difference between a werewolfs Strength and the
rating of the object indicates the number of dice remaining
with which to throw the item. (This Dice can never exceed a
character's Dexterity + Athletics, no matter what.) Difficulty
is 6, barring any interference. The combat section covers rules
regarding throwing weapons.

For example, Stanson, a powerful Silver Fang, has picked up
alarge rock that weighs about 600 pounds (Strength 5 required
to lift it). Stanson's Strength is 8 in Crinos form. If he throws
the rock, his player rolls three dice to make an attack.

If the rating of an object ties or exceeds a Garou's Strength,
he may attempt a Willpower roll (or perhaps a second one if
Willpower was used to lift the object) to increase his Dice Pool
temporarily, as detailed under Lifting. If the Willpower roll fails,
the character is forced to drop the rock. If the roll botches, he
drops it on himself and suffers damage as described under Lifting.

‘w Opening and Closing: Some things aren't meant to be
opened and other things aren't meant to be closed. Whether a
werewolf tries to pry open a safe or push a jammed door closed,

248

ie eres weight (pounds) ‘
_ Snap a slender branch 40
Break a chair = x im 100, -*
Break down a door nye 250 ~
~~ Break a2" x 4" board: : 400
4 Bend jail-cell bars . 650 ‘4
: Carry.a Gatling gun. - ¥* Fv 800 3
( Flip a stagecoach, . 900
, SUR Lift a horse * 1000 i
. * Punch through a,cement-wall ae 1200"
; "Pry open a Wells Fargo safe. : 1500 ,
+ aLift a draft horse oat . 2000 - }
.. Tear the roof off a shack 3000 -
Throw'a small boulder * 4000 -
Punch through a jail-cell wall 5000 2 :
. Knock over a rail car 6000

*
a Strength roll is required. Using the Peau orcnensdi chart as
a benchmark, the Storyteller should determine the Strength
rating of the task at hand. Remember, if the Garou's Strength
exceeds the rating of the task, she automatically succeeds. The
player may also attempt a Willpower roll to increase the
Garou's effective Strength.

Clever werewolves quickly discover that levers and tools
make jobs easier. Appropriate use of tools increases a werewolf's
effective Strength, as deemed appropriate by the Storyteller.
Generally, a lever or pry bar can increase a Dice Pool by at least
one-half, if not more.

Horse Training

Assuming a horse has not already bolted at the mere scent
of a werewolf, commanding it to perform requires significant
talent. To perform stunts on horseback requires a Dexterity +
Ride roll. However, the player may add her character's Ride
Skill only up to the level of Animal Ken score.

The difficulty of such a stunt roll depends on the complexity of
the feat, the training and temperament of the animal, and any
other variables that might disturb or distract the horse. Use the
Horse Training Chart to determine the base difficulty of the effort.
If the horse has been trained for a particular stunt, the difficulty is
reduced. Ifthe animal has performed the trick numerous times, the
Storyteller might do away with the roll altogether.

Training a horse to obey commands, perform stunts or to
remain calm inacombatsituation requires a lot of patience and
skill. A horse can be trained by an expert to perform many

tricks at the command of its owner, although it will

not solve problems creatively for the character. To
train a horse requires the Animal Ken Skill and time.

Werewolf: The Wild West


Stunt

Respond to a summons

Return toa specific point

Kick on command

Bite on command

Throw rider

"9. Ride fearlessly into combat
Open'a door

cone oro

After the character spends several days or months training, the
player rolls Manipulation + Animal Ken. Again, the difficulty
depends on the complexity of the "trick." If the feat is some-
thing the horse might do naturally, the difficulty should be
lower than if the stunt involves complex actions.

For example, Stanson wants to train his horse to kick on
command. Stanson knows the animal well and has years of experi-
ence training horses. The animal takes to the training, as horses
normally kick out when frightened. The tricky part is getting the
horse to kick on command. If Stanson wanted his horse to open
doors on command, that would be even more difficult to teach.

The Horse Training Chart lists a few stunts and the difficulty
required to train the animal. Thischart can be used forotheranimals
as well, but difficulties might be higher or lower depending on the
intelligence of the animal. Mules are intelligent but stubborn. Dogs
are amenable to training but aren't necessarily all that intelligent.

Jumping

Jumping is a simple action; the character uses all of her
strength to launch herself into the air. The player rolls Strength
in dice against a difficulty of 3 (unless circumstances such as
loose gravel or desert sand make the jump more difficult). The
Storyteller calculates how many successes the jump requires
and compares that to the player's roll.

Jumping is an all-or-nothing action. A character either
makes it or falls short, literally and sometimes painfully. If a
werewolf attempts a horizontal jump with a running start, the
Storyteller might allow the player to add Athletics score to the
Strength dice rolled (Strength + Athletics, difficulty 3).

The following chart details how each of the Garou forms
affects the outcome of a jump roll.

Long-Distance Running

The wide-open, undeveloped country of the Savage West
makes long-distance running one of the most reliable forms of
travelavailable to Garou. Wolvesare renowned fortheirstamina
and ability to run for long periods without rest. Werewolves are

even more capable than their cousins, driven by their Rage
as much as their legs. Other than riding horseback or
taking the occasional train, long-distance running is
& the only way to travel great distances.

Feet Per Success

9 _Type of Jump

Homid Glabro  Crinos Hispo Lupus
Vertical 2 3 4 5 4
Horizontal 4 4, 5 6 7
ce eal 4

Werewolves in Lupus form are able to trot at about 16 miles an
hour fora number of hours equal to their Stamina. After that time
they must rest or begin making rolls to keep pace. The player rolls

. Stamina + Athletics (difficulty 4) for every hour beyond the

character's normal limitation. The difficulty can be adjusted by
adverse conditions such as intense heat, rough terrain or cold. If
a rolls fails, the character suffers one Health Level of aggravated
damage from strained muscles and overexertion. If the player fails
two rolls in a row, or botches, she must spend a Rage or Willpower
point for the Garou to continue. At that point, all difficulties for
the run are increased by two until the Garou rests.

Despite pack mentality, sometimes survival of the fittest
dictates that if a werewolf can't keep up, he'll be left behind.

Pursuit

When a character tries to catch up to bandits before they get
away with his prize fetish, he better be quick. Ina short-distance
foot race, one opponent starts with a number of successes as
deemed appropriate by the Storyteller or as indicated by a
Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 6), made for each turn
before the pursuit starts. In each turn after the pursuer begins the
chase, both parties roll Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6) and

(Fs aaa . we a
Long-Distance Pursuit
—>6e————
t Pursuing someone who left town days ago is alittle bir

different than a foot race. Determining whether the
hunter catches up with hissprey involves combining the
tules for long-distance running and pursuit. This system
assumes that the predator knows the prey's course orfinal
destination. If the subject'sfocation is unknown, she has
to be tracked. In this casé, use the Tracking rules below,
instead'of these:
‘Each party, hunter and prey, rolls Stamina,+ Ath-
_ letics (difficulty 4) for each day of travel. The prey *
begins with a number of successes equal to the number.
of days she has:as a lead. When the hunter accumu-
lates enough successes to surpass the prey's accumulated
successes plus her lead successes, he has caught up to
\ within a few miles‘of her: The difficulty and the,rolls
f might be modified by several variables: weather, health,

whether either party has. transportation, intensity of
pace, and familiarity with terrain.


accumulate successes. When the hunter overcomes his deficit,
he has caught up with his opponent. What happens next is
probably best covered in the combat section.

The subject of pursuit escapes if he achieves a certain
number of successes (say 10) or when he gains a certain number
f es more than his pursuer has achieved (say five). The
Storyteller has final say when the subject of pursuit gets away.

Repairs
While Savage West technology doesn't compare to that of the
20th century, railroads do mar virgin countryside, telegraph lines

do cut through forests, and new weaponry does appear in the
ay plains almost daily. Modern technology often falls prey to the
a
nie
\<

elements and the rugged conditions of the Savage West. If a
character wants to fix something, the player rolls Dexterity
+ Crafts or Science, depending on the nature of the
busted doohickey. The difficulty and the required
number of successes are based on the complexity of
the device and the severity of the damage suffered.
Once the player rolls the total number of successes
required, the character's work is done.
Obviously the more successes required, the
more time a task takes. In a combat situation,
time is vitally important (for example, one char-
acter tries to get the train running again while

another holds off the Wyld-spirits that converge on
it). If the situation is more relaxed, a character can
take her time with a repair and make sure it's done
right. The Storyteller decides how much time passes between
repair rolls (turns, hours, days) based on the situation

If the character doesn't know anything about the device she
hopes to fix, the Storyteller should call for Intelligence or Wits
+ Crafts or Science rolls just to figure out what the heck

the problem is. This system also works when damage
may not be obvious.

Of course, there are time when even the most suc-
cessful rolls won't fix things. Ifa vital part is destroyed in
the middle of the desert, it's not likely that characters can
find a replacement or even improvise a quick fix. Certain types of
characters may not be able to attempt repairs, either. A lupus fresh
out of the wild won't know how to fix a plow blade.
Riding
Horses are an important part of life in the Savage West.
Not only do they provide transportation and com-
panionship, they are also a status symbol.
Owning a fine horse equates to owning a
Porsche, but even owning a haggard
old mare is better than walking.
For the people who can't
shapechange into wolves,

horses supply

the majority of

their transportation. ®


Depending on the chronicle's time frame, the railroad may not
be that prevalentan influence, if present at all. Certainly, most
townsfolk would laugh at the very idea of the automobile.

Horses, unlike trains or cars, have individual personalities;
they're living creatures, after all. Regrettably they're skittish, and
werewolves only make matters worse. Garou are born predators;
ahorse can sense the presence of a werewolf just as if the character
were a wolf and the horse was back in the wild. When horses are
nervous, they dance, whinny and sometimes bolt. Garou stir up
horses tied to hitching posts just by walking down a street.

In general, if a werewolf's Rage exceeds his Willpower,
assume that horses react violently in his presence. If a Garou's
Willpower exceeds his Rage and he doesn't pose an obvious
threat, horses are visibly nervous, but might not panic.

Since merely approaching horse inspires a nervous reaction,
it'sno wonder that werewolves often have trouble riding horses.
Ahorse will likely throw a strange Garou who attempts to mount
it, and may even deal out a hoof to the head for good measure.
Many werewolves use their Gifts to make peace with their
horses, or they choose to walk. Over time a werewolf can, with
enough patience and training, gain control over an animal.

Eventually, if treated properly, a horse can be acclimated to a
rider. Oncea the creature overcomes its natural fear, most normal
equestrian actions do not require a roll. This doesn't mean that the
horse has forgotten it hasa wolfon its back; it has just become used
to it. However, when trouble arises, the horse is more likely to
panic under a werewolf than under a normal person. The Story-
teller should increase all riding difficulties for werewolves by two
for this reason. A patient character can compensate for (or even
negate) this penalty with time, Gifts or good training.

Shadowing

Following someone in the small towns of the Savage West
presents many difficulties. Following someone closely in the
open wilderness borders on impossible. There are two require-
ments to covertly shadowing someone: keeping track of the
target and not being spotted.

Shadowing someone in a city or town requires numerous
Perception + Investigation rolls to keep track of the target. The
base difficulty is 6, but crowds, distractions and the erratic
movements of the prey increase that difficulty.

Keeping out of sight while shadowing requires a Dexterity +
Stealth roll (difficulty equals the prey's Perception + Alertness
total). This roll must be made whenever an opportunity arises
for the target to recognize his shadow.

Most Savage Western towns are small enough that it doesn't
take long to trail a target to his destination. However, failing the
shadow's Perception rolls indicates that the target is lost. Failure
on Stealth rolls indicates that the prey is aware of the predator.
In either case, the Storyteller should determine exactly what
happens and how the one being pursued reacts.

Shadowing someone in the countryside usually requires
the ability to track a target, follow its trail. The wide

@ open plains deny a close shadow. Use the Tracking

tules, pg. 260, for wilderness shadowing.

The defining characteristic of a werewolf is the ability to
shapeshift. Garou aren't the only creatures that can change
shape; they're just the best at it. Garou can change into five
different forms, each of which has its own advantages and
disadvantages: Homid (Human), Glabro (Near-Man), Crinos
(Wolf-Man), Hispo (Near-Wolf), and Lupus (Wolf).

A Garou always assumes her breed form (Homid, Lupus or
Crinos) automatically. However, any other change requires a
Stamina + Primal Urge roll. The difficulty depends on the form
the character wishes to change. The character needs multiple
successes in order to change shape — it's not that easy to double
your mass in three seconds. The player must acquire a number of
successes equal to the number of intermediary forms plus final
form plus one for the character to make the transformation in
one turn. If he doesn't get enough successes, the number rolled
determines what shape the character stops. Further attempts can
be made in subsequent turns based on the current form of the
Garou. Complete failure on the roll means the character doesn't
change at all. A botch indicates that the Garou has lost control
and has altered her body painfully. The grotesque transforma-
tion causes one aggravated wound per extra | rolled.

For example, Runs-Swiftly is in Lupus form and stumbles
onto what appears to be a Cherokee camp. In the dim firelight,
he can see several human forms preparing for a hunting party.
Not wanting to be mistaken for dinner, he decides to change
into human form. His player needs five successes (three inter-
mediary forms, his target Homid form + one) to complete the
transformation. He gets only four successes, meaning that
Runs-Swiftly shifts through Hispo and Crinos, but stops at
Glabro. Runs pauses a bit longer to try again. This time he only
needs two successes to shift from Glabro to Homid.

Upon approaching his would-be companions, Runs-Swiftly
discovers them to actually be Bane-infested zombies. He auto-
matically switches to Lupus, his breed form, and takes to the hills.

Clothing and restraining articles of any kind are usually de-
stroyed in a transformation. If such items have been dedicated to
aGarouspiritually (see Rite of Talisman Dedication, pg. 173) they
change along with the werewolf. Nondedicated objects that are
too solid to break (such as handcuffs or barbed wire) injure the
werewolf foolish enough to shapeshift while restrained by them.

In a particularly stressful situation, a player may elect to
spend a Rage point for his character to change shape immedi-
ately. The transformation takes place automatically despite
the number of intermediary forms. This kind of change is
usually undertaken when combat is imminent. Remember that
Garou with no Rage or Willpower cannot shapeshift into any
form but their breed forms; they've "lost the wolf."

When changing forms, werewolves gain the benefits that
come from being larger, faster and stronger. However, the
intermediary forms, Glabro, Hispo and Crinos, complicate
social life with humans and wolves. Each form adjusts a
character's Attributes; these adjustments should be applied to
a character's Homid statistics.

Chapter Mine: Drama 261

7T


SSSSSN

Itshould be noted that Appearance is subjective. While the
Crinos form's Appearance is zero, other werewolves still recog-
nize the inherent beauty of a highly attractive werewolf. When
a Garou in Crinos form interacts with other werewolves, the
werewolf retains his full Appearance rating. Crinos form scares
the living daylights out of humans and wolves, though. With
that in mind, remember that werewolves retain their full
Manipulation scores when intimidating opponents (see In-
timidation, p.254), be they human, wolf or Garou.

Homid (Human)

Statistics Adjustments: None

Shift Difficulty: 6

Description: The standard form that most characters use to
interact with the human world. Most machines, including guns,
can be used only while in this form. A werewolf cannot regen-
erate in Homid form, but may handle silver without difficulty.

Roleplaying: The Homid form is indistinguishable from an
ordinary human in almost every way. Werewolves in Homid can
understand the Garou tongue (see Languages and Customs,
below), but can only speak a few Garou words with difficulty.

Glabro (Near-Man)

Statistics Adjustments: Strength +2, Stamina +2, Ma-
nipulation -1, Appearance -1

Shift Difficulty: 7

Description: With the increase in Strength and Stamina
comes an appropriate increase in body size and mass. The now
heavily muscled body towers over human form by about six to
nine inches. The character no longer resembles a human; hair
grows in spots over his body, and sharp teeth and nails sprout.
A Glabro werewolf can hide some of his beastly features by dim
firelight, but there's no mistaking the creature as something
other than human in broad daylight.

Roleplaying: While still close to human in some ways, the
Glabro form imposes some bestial personality traits. Conversa-
tion is possible but words are gruff and guttural. Glabro
werewolves can speak the Garou language with some difficulty.

Crinos (Wolf-Man)

Statistics Adjustments: Strength +4, Stamina +3, Dexter-
ity +1, Manipulation -3, Appearance 0

Shift Difficulty: 6

Description: AsGaia's chosen warriors, Garou have the ability
to change into the ultimate fighting machine. This terrifying
transformation combines the ferocity of the wolf and the cunning
of the human. A Garou in Crinos form doubles or even triples in
mass and nearly doubles in height. Any resemblance to human
form vanishes as the werewolf grows thick fur over every inch of
his body and gains a wolfish snout, ears and a tail. Razor-sharp
fangs and claws grow long and deadly. The Garou's reach extends
as his arms lengthen and become more massive, suitable for
running on all fours or grappling with enemies.

Roleplaying: The embodiment of the killer, a werewolf in
Crinos form doesn't persuade or negotiate — he destroys. Even
simple human-speak is difficult; Crinos form limits a werewolf
to grunts, snarls and two-word sentences. Wolf-speech is just as
difficult. The Garou language, however, comes easily and
naturally. (The reduction in Manipulation applies even when
speaking the Garou tongue, as Crinos form prohibits pro-
tracted conversation and any form of subtlety.) A Crinos
werewolf may speak one clear sentence in either human or wolf
speech with the expenditure of a Willpower point.

Hispo (Near-Wolf)

Statistics Adjustments: Strength +3, Stamina +3, Dexter-
ity +2, Manipulation -3, Appearance 0

Shift Difficulty: 7

Description: While Crinos form may be ideal for combat,
Hispo is perfect for hunting. This form combines massive size,
keen senses and powerful jaws. A throwback to the prehistoric
dire wolf, the Hispo's hulking frame is something out of a bad
dream. Head and jaws grow to nightmarish size, while a Hispo's
four-legged stance lends it great speed and mobility (and it can
stand on two feet in emergencies). The Hispo also benefits
from the keen senses of wolves (reduce Hispo-Perception
difficulties by one).

Roleplaying: The Hispo does not possess hands and cannot
speak any languages but the Garou or wolf tongues, and even
then communication with wolves and other Garou suffers from
poor social skills and a general lack of good graces. Hispo form's
only purpose is to hunt. Intelligent interaction with humanity
is virtually impossible.

Lupus (Wolf)

Statistics Adjustments: Strength +1, Stamina +2, Dexter-
ity +2, Manipulation -3

Shift Difficulty: 6

Description: The other half of the human-wolf equation,
Lupus form resembles that of a wolf. Each of the tribes re-
sembles a different breed of wolf, but Lupus form is always
similar. Lupus form is smaller and sleeker than the prehistoric
Hispo. Lupus teeth are deadly, though; they still cause aggra-
vated wounds. A Garou''s senses in Lupus form are his sharpest.
All Perception-related difficulties are reduced by two.

Werewolves in this form may also take advantage of
instinctual senses that the other forms lack. A Lupus werewolf
can see in near-darkness and has exceptional hearing and
incredible olfactory awareness. Werewolves in Lupus form
can also use Primal-Urge as a "sixth sense" to be on guard for
traps and ambushes and to sense the temperaments of other
animals. (Using any of these senses calls for Perception +
Primal-Urge rolls.)

Roleplaying: Instinct drives the Lupus werewolf,
almost as if the Garou had completely become his

canine cousin. Werewolves in Lupus are likely to ®

he Wild West


flee froma fight out of sheer instinct rather than stay and claw
it out. Stray scents, noises or movements may distract or even
unnerve a Lupus Garou. Lupus werewolves cannot speak
human tongues at all, but may communicate freely with
wolves. They have access to the Garou language but can only
string together a few words at a time.

Partial Transformation

Although it is painful, difficult and rarely attractive, a
Garou with superior command over shapeshifting may trans-
form parts of her body. A Crinos werewolf might shapeshift her
claw into a hand in order to hold and fire a gun, or shapeshift
her eyes to Lupus form to improve her night vision. A Homid
werewolf might change her ears for improved hearing, or grow
some Lupus fur to protect herself from the elements.

Partial transformations require the expenditure of a Will-
power point and a successful Dexterity + Primal-Urge roll
(difficulty 9). Failure indicates a wasted effort, while a botch
causes lasting physical damage (one aggravated wound per
extra | after failure).

Sneaking

Garou don't usually want to be seen when they skulk into
Bane-infested mines or when they sneak around in the shad-
ows waiting for unwitting vampires. When acharacter attempts
to hide in shadows, sneak through woods or the back alleys of
a town, the player rolls Dexterity + Stealth (difficulty of the
would-be spotter's Perception + Alertness). Atthe Storyteller's
discretion, Stealth may be limited to a character's Survival
score when the Garou is in the wilderness.

The amount of time spent hiding or the distance of ground
that needs to be stealthily covered determines the number of
successes required. If the character remains within perception
of her opponent the player may need to continue rolling as long
as there is a chance the Garou might be spotted. Failure
indicates that the character has been heard or seen. A botch
leaves the character high and dry, in plain view after snapping
a twig or knocking over a liquor cabinet.

Social
The following systems are based on interactions involving
the three Social Attributes: Charisma, Manipulation and
Appearance. While roleplaying takes precedent over any
systematized die rolling, rolling dice in social situations
balances a player's skills with a her character's. While the
player might make a great delivery, her character may lack
the needed social awareness and botch the job. Conversely,
the character may possess skills far beyond the abilities of the
player to emulate. In general, the Storyteller should call for
Social Skill rolls only when the difference between the skills
of player and character differ greatly. Also, the Storyteller
might demand rolls simply to get an objective measure
of a character's talent, even if the player roleplays

& close to the mark.

Chapter Nine: Drama

Garou are both human and animal. On one side, they must
deal with social graces. On the other side, they must contend
with the pack mentality. Werewolves, as the ultimate preda-
tors, threaten all living things by virtue of their very existence.
Overcoming that fear can be difficult. This explains why
werewolves tend to stick to their own.

Yet the animal in a werewolf can attract members of the
opposite sex. Wolves sense a superior creature and potential
mate; humans feel their primal urges stir. Whether it affects a
wolf or human, primal attraction is determined by rolling
Charisma + Primal-Urge (difficulty of the Garou's own Rage).
If the subject is aloof, the Storyteller may require several rolls
over a period of turns and a number of successes equal to the
subject's Willpower. Werewolves use their animal attraction
to mate despite their fear-evoking presence. A failure causes
fear and discomfort; a botch invokes the Delirium.

Animal attraction is not a seduction effort, but simply a
reflection of a character's magnetism and natural ability to
attract members of the opposite sex. It does not apply when
a Garou's Rage exceeds his Willpower score; the predator is
too much at the fore, more frightening than attractive. But
even if a character's Willpower exceeds his Rage, animal
attraction rolls shouldn't be made in every social situation.
The Garou can use his magnetism to attract partners, or the
Storyteller can call for rolls (or make secret ones herself) to
determine if the werewolf has unintentionally attracted
would-be companions.

Fast-Talk

Sometimes the best way to get out of trouble is to run your
mouth and leave your pistol in its holster. Better to talk the
marshal into believing that you're not who he thinks you
are, and that the person he's looking for has taken off for
Dodge. Overwhelm him with more information than he
ever wanted to know, as quickly as possible, and he just
might just let you off easy.

The player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge (or Cha-
risma or Appearance or Performance) against a difficulty of
the target's Wits + Subterfuge. The difficulty should be
reduced if the player roleplays his character's efforts con-
vincingly. The number of successes rolled indicates how
confused the subject is, and how likely she is to agree with
the character. Failure on the roll means the person disre-
gards the character's line of bull or at least gets a chance to
interrupt. Once a victim sees through the character's smoke
screen, no further fast-talk attempts affect him. A botch
might get the character hanged.

Fast-talk can be used repeatedly to continue to confuse
the same person, assuming preceding efforts were success-
ful. Eventually the poor victim is left standing and staring
like a fool, which gives characters a chance to pass by or
make a getaway.


SSSSSN

Interrogation

The law in the Savage West extends only as far as the local sheriff
can shoot. Beyond that, only personal justice can set things right.
Taking matters into your own hands might be not only wrong, but
necessary. Aftera werewolf has found the outlaw who's been poisoning
the well, or the murderer of his Kinfolk, he might want to find out who
thecriminal is workingfor. The law might punish the perpetrator of the
crimes, but probably won't go after the railroad baron behind the plot.
A Garou tends to find those responsible, and do something about it
himself. Setting thingsright often involves gaining information, and in
the Savage West that means talking to people, perhaps aggressively.

There are numerous ways to get information from those who
won't volunteer it, Interrogation involves a complex mix of
questioning, cajoling, threatening and making promises that may
or may not be kept. Torture might work, but that's likely to lead
to a bad reputation, and is on no account good for one's Honor.

The player roleplays the questions and states the threats or
promises that her character makes. The Storyteller should roll the
Garou's Manipulation + Intimidation (difficulty equal to the victim's
Willpower). The number of successes indicates how much informa-
tion the victim reveals, and how accurate it is. One success indicates
minimal, garbled information. Five successes strikes the mother lode.
The victim may spend Willpower to hold his tongue, but if the
interrogator is patient, the captive's will should erode eventually.

Failure at an interrogation roll leaves the character as ignorant
as when she started. If the player botches, the character never gets
anything out of her prisoner — or worse, is given false information.

Intimidation

Any man don't wanna get killed better clear on out the back.

— Clint Eastwood, Unforgiven

Werewolves, by their very nature, intimidate almost every
creature that comes in contact with them. They are among the
most frightening creatures in the West. The very sight of a ten-
foot werewolf can make even a seasoned gunslinger wet his
trousers. Intimidation can be used ina variety of ways, most often
to get your own way when asking nicely proves ineffective.

Thebasicresultsofintimidation usually come intoeffectautomati-
cally where Garou are concemed. No roll is required. Most humans
are overcome by the Deliriumand most animals flee. However, when
a werewolf wants to manipulate this effect to achieve a specific goal,
the player rolls Manipulation + Intimidation. The Storyteller deter-
mines the difficulty (which is modified by the Garou's form), the
settingand the quality of roleplaying. Difficultiesrange between 4and
9. The Storyteller may also allow the player to spend a Rage point to
getan automatic success; Rage is plenty terrifying in its own right, and
sometimes just a hint at the savage anger within does the trick.

The results of a successful intimidation roll vary. An abun-
dance of successes incapacitates a victim, turning him into a
gibbering mass after the werewolf learns what he wants; the
Delirium can easily kick in. Between one and five successes
usually suffices to intimidate someone.

The Manipulation penalty imposed by some shapeshifting
forms does not apply to intimidation attempts.

254

Languages and Customs

Knowing your way around the Savage West requires knowing
a lot about its people. The best way to learn about people is to
learn their languages and customs. Numerous native tribes, each
with its own language and ways, roam free throughout the plains
and mountains. Mexican society influences much of the Ameri-
can Southwest. And then there are all those Easterners who seek
to settle the plains.

Multiple Charisma + Linguistics, Culture or perhaps Eti-
quette rolls may be required when meeting strangers. Maybe
they've had trouble with yourkind—shapeshifters, thatis. Ifyou
don't know their language and ways, good luck getting by.

Not only do werewolves have to contend with multitudes of
human languages and ways, they must also communicate with
wolves and each other. Lupus-born werewolves may speak freely
with their wolf brethren, but must be taught human languages.
All werewolves can instinctively speak with wolves, but only
when they're in Hispo or Lupus. To overcome these barriers,
Garou have developed a language that they all can speak. To
humans, the language would seem to be a combination of grunts,
snarls and half-articulated words. Werewolves in Lupus or
Homid form have difficulty with the Garou language, but even
they can use it to some extent.

The language skills of the various forms are discussed under
Shapeshifting.

Leadership

Some Garou feel they were born to sit on a throne and lord
over all others. Wolves instinctively look to the strongest,
fastest and smartest to make decisions. The same applies to
werewolves. It takes a certain amount of natural talent to make
others believe that your decisions are the best. While snarling
and biting might work for wolves, most Garou need better
reasons to follow someone.

A pack's alpha commands the group and should expect
nothing short of obedience. If there is disagreement at a crucial
moment, the entire pack may be lost. However, a poor choice of
leader is just as likely to lead to disaster. Werewolves change
leaders when it is obvious that the old alpha has become weak or
foolish. There isa time and place for such upheaval, though. Too
many packs have been destroyed because one Garou has chal-
lenged the alpha's leadership when danger loomed.

Attemptingtoleadapackorany group requiresstrongroleplaying
and successful Manipulation + Leadership rolls. Difficulties vary by
circumstance, but are usually 7. A strong leader is invaluable in a
combat situation. The ability to make quick decisions and order
members of the pack to execute them can mean the difference
between living and dying. A successful Leadership roll in combat
can also allow a pack to coordinate attacks (see General Compli-
cations, pg. 237), as long as the pack has practiced or fought
together before. If the other characters obey the alpha without
question, noroll isnecessary. The lead character may wish
to order Storyteller characters around as well. In that
case, the player has to roll to succeed. *

Werewolf: The Wild West


Performance

Whether used to tell stories around a campfire or to bringa bit
of culture to a bitter and hateful territory, this system provides

auseful measure of a character's ability to entertain. The act
can be formal (on stage or in front of tribal elders), or
=> informal (as when entertaining friends).

The player doesn't have to sing or dance
himself (unless he wants to and possesses such
skill); a description of the display suffices. The
player rolls the appropriate Attribute + Performance
(or Expression) at a difficulty set by the
Storyteller. The Attribute depends on the
act (Dexterity for juggling, Charisma for
singing, Wits for comedy and so on). Difficulty
depends on the receptiveness of the audience. If a
Garou quotes Shakespeare in front of a bunch of
ignorant tin-pans, she better be good if she wants any
response at all (gunshots notwithstanding). The num-
ber of successes rolled indicates the quality of the
performance and the response of the audience.

% Seduction

Taking advantage of one's natural
appeal can get a character into a lot of
{7 trouble, but can also help her get her
way. The player establishes the tech-
nique that is used to seduce the target. The
Storyteller and player need to roleplay the
e, but the dice help establish the outcome of
the event. A word of warning: Subtle, patient seduc-
tion isn't always easy for characters with Rage, so Garou
might be better off trying to use their animal attraction.

The roll depends on the seduction technique used:
Appearance + Subterfuge for straightforward physical
attraction; Wits + Subterfuge for witty, playful banter;
Charisma + Empathy for endearing conversation. Any

one of these techniques can accomplish the desired
Y goal. They also work well in unison and the seduc-
tion effort should become increasingly

| heer easieras the character succeedsat various
L) methods. What happens next isn't suit-

able for young audiences.

Staredowns
Staredownsare staples of the Savage West
gunfight and many other intense one-on-
onesituations. They can be used tounnerve
opponents in order to gain an edge or they
can beused topreventconflictaltogether. A
mean stare brings out the yellow in folks.
Wolves use staredowns to determine su-
= s premacy without loss of life; they establish their
pecking order when the strong dominates the weak.
Two wolves face off, growling and bristling until one

Chapter Wine: Drama 256


backs down. Wolves also use this technique when measuring
potential enemies and prey, waiting for a victim to lose nerve
before striking. Humans and Garou can achieve similar results.

When a staredown begins, those involved roll Rage, or Manipu-
lation + Intimidation (whichever is higher) at a difficulty of the
opponent's Willpower. The first of the opponents to accumulate a
number ofsuccesses equal to the other's Wits + 5 forces that opponent
to break contact. The victor may choose to press the issue further by
intimidating his opponent (see Intimidation, above) or by taking
advantage of hisopponent's broken concentration and filling him full
of lead (see Dueling and Staredown, and Quick-Draw).

Garou of high Rank have an advantage when staring down
other werewolves. The staredown difficulty of a lower-Rank
Garou increases by one for every two levels (rounded up) differ-
ence between the Garou's Ranks. Losing a staredown toa human
causes a Garou to lose a point of Glory Renown; skinchangers are
just supposed to have more mettle than ordinary folks.

Swindling

There's money to be made in the Savage West; fortunes are
found, lost and stolen every day. In order toremain on the fortunate
end of the stick, a character needs to be clever and cunning — or at
least more so than his intended victim. A properly executed scam
usually involves selling something to someone who is too ignorant
or greedy for his own good. This something can be the deed to a
tapped mine or 40 acres of prime real-estate that actually belongs to

the most powerful rancher in the area. Whatever the case may be,
greed makes the con-man's|ifea lot easier and many hucksters have
crawled out from under their rocks to cash in.

Ifa character wishes to pull the wool over someone's
make a few dollars, the player needs to describe preparations
made to the Storyteller. These might include false or stolen

yes to

documents or producing the character's "share" of an invest-
ment or a cooperative party or two.

After preparation work is completed, the player must roleplay
thescene through with the Storyteller. If the scam seems sound and
convincing, the Storyteller might not even need to make a roll. If
the player slips up or the victim catches on, the Storyteller rolls the
character'sCharisma + Subterfuge (difficulty isthe opponent's Wits
+ Streetwise). The number of successes determines the likelihood
of the mark falling for the scam. Failure indicates doubt or disinter-
est. A botch might win the shuckster the business end of a pistol.

Mental

The following systems account for the ways in which players
most often use the mental abilities of their characters. Many
characters possess knowledge that players may not have, and
players may know things that are outside character under-
standing. The Storyteller must balance a player's
knowledge with his character's. Players should solve
problems and puzzles on their own, but should be
allowed the benefit of their characters' experiences. *»

Werewolf: The Wild West


Awareness

Watching your back may be paranoid, but sometimes being
paranoid keeps you alive. To determine if a character notices what
occurs around her or that she has just walked into a trap, roll
Perception + Alertness. The difficulty depends on the subtly of
events or the skill of the person setting the trap. (Note: The
Shadowing rules, pg. 251, use a target's Perception + Alertness as
the difficulty fora stalker to avoid detection. The Storyteller also
has the option to allow the target Perception + Alertness rolls to
spot her stalker, depending on the circumstances of the hunt.)

Werewolves have enhanced senses in their wolflike Hispo and
Lupus forms. Difficulty modifiers for Perception rolls are reduced
by one for Hispo Garou, and by two for Lupus-form Garou.

Wolvesandskinchangersin Lupusform can hearandsee things
imperceptible to normal humans, and can even communicate by
scent alone. Werewolves in this form can switch Primal-Urge for
Alertness in awareness tests, if players wish. Garou in Lupus form
can sometimes sense danger before it hits. The Storyteller deter-
mines if and when this danger sense is applicable. The roll should
only be made if some vital clue, scent or movement could give the
danger away. The Storyteller makes an Alertness roll for a
character to determine if she detects impending danger.

Cheating

Winning at cards sometimes requires an unfair advantage.
Cheating may be dishonorable, but when you need to win, you
need to win. Cheating uses both mental and social abilities. If a
character wishes to apply some underhanded tactic, the player rolls
Wits + Subterfuge. The Storyteller sets the difficulty equal to the
highest Perception + Subterfuge score of the others at the table,
whether playing or watching. For every success rolled, the charac-
ter wins a game. The Storyteller should determine the exact dollar
amounts won. If the character wants to play for high stakes, the
player's difficulty should increase. If a character continues to cheat
thesame opponents, the player's difficulty increasesby one foreach
roll after the first. Greedy cheaters often become dead cheaters.

To lower the difficulty of a cheat attempt, the character can
try to distract her opponents. This should be roleplayed, possibly
using actual cards and the other players as the marks at the table.
Once the player has established how the others are distracted
(seduction, comedy, long boring stories), she rolls Charisma +
Subterfuge at a difficulty equal to the highest Willpower of the
opponents. Each success on this roll reduces the difficulty of the
player's cheat roll by one. In the case of a botch, each | rolled
increases the cheat difficulty by one; the character draws too
much attention to herself and might get caught!

Forgery

Forging documents, whether they are deeds to land or
warrants for arrest, requires a steady hand and the proper tools.
In order for a character to properly falsify a document, the
Storyteller makes a Dexterity + Larceny roll on the
player's behalf. Difficulty is based on the complexity

£ of the document.

Chapter Wine: Drama

If the character doesn't have a copy of the document that
she wishes to forge, the player rolls Intelligence + Investigation
(difficulty 6). This determines whether or not the character
has an idea of what the proper document looks like. The
number of successes rolled is the limit to the number of dice
that may be used in the player's forgery roll.

If a forgery roll made by the Storyteller fails outright, the
character probably realizes that she has made a mistake. If the
roll botches, the character doesn't realize she has made a fatal
error that will be recognized by all but the ignorant or blind.

Anyone familiar with successfully forged documents rolls
Perception + Investigation against a difficulty of the forger's
Dexterity + Larceny. (This detection roll doesn't apply to any
mark on the street, but rather to lawyers, bankers, accountants
and the like.) If the investigator's roll succeeds, the ruse is
recognized. Otherwise the document passes inspection.

Gambling

In the Savage West, a lot of blood has been spilled when
there's money on the table and someone got a little too lucky.
There are all sorts of games to bet money on, from the roulette
wheels in the sleekest casinos to stud poker in the seediest
sodbusters' cabins. Sometimes you can even make a buck.

The simplest forms of gambling can always be resolved with
a die roll, any die roll will do, really, as long as the odds are
heavily stacked in the house's favor. A character may have to
roll two nines or better on two dice to reach the long odds of
the roulette wheel, or maybe even two tens on two dice to make
that one-in-a-hundred shot. That's games of pure chance,
though. The Storyteller may allow a character to make a
straight-up Wits roll, difficulty 10, to accurately guess where to
put his money in a given game.

Of course, poker itself isn't as much a game of luck as it is skill.
To simulate a hand of poker, the Storyteller may have each player
involved in the game make two rolls; one Wits + Empathy,
difficulty 8 (to guess when to fold or call) and one Manipulation
+ Empathy, difficulty 7 (to properly bluff or conceal the strength
of one's hand). The player with the most successes wins the hand.
Toadd inalittle more of Lady Luck's favor, the Storyteller may add
a set number of dice to everyone's Dice Pools (three is usually
about right), to simulate the element of chance.

Perhaps the surest way to act out a poker game is to actually
deal out a few hands and play while in character. This game-
within-a-game can be pretty relaxing, and it can show you who
your real friends are.

Gamecraft

This is a form of riddle and puzzle solving in which contes-
tants ask each other questions or play a mental game until one
of the participants can't answer or continue. When they are
not roleplayed out, such games are adjudicated by rolling Wits
+ Enigmas (difficulty of the opponent's Intelligence + Enig-
mas, +1 for every two Ranks that she is above an opponent,
rounded up.).

257


SSSEN

XX

Gamecraft can also take the form of put-downs and pranks.
The contender who makes the most fun of the other is
victorious. When it is not roleplayed out, this contest is
resolved with Manipulation + Expression rolls (difficulty of the
opponent's Willpower).

Garou Rituals and Etiquette

Werewolf life involves plenty of customs, rituals and eti-
quette. Stepping out of line is liable to get you a swat on the
nose or into a klaive duel — no one really cares if you own one
or not. Small errors in judgment can lead to big consequences,
especially when European and native Garou meet orattend the
same moots. Many unnecessary battles have been fought over
perceived lack of respect for other tribes' customs.

Knowing when to stay quiet and what to say when called
on in Garou society requires a Wits + Etiquette roll (diffi-
culty 8). If the character familiarizes herself prior to the
event or has coaching, a roll may not be necessary. Actually
performing a Ritual, even a simple greeting, usually requires
a roll of Charisma + Rituals (difficulty 6). If the Garou
doesn't know the particular Ritual, she might attempt to
fake it based on what she's seen or heard (Wits + Subterfuge,
difficulty 8). Botching any of these rolls can result in
dangerous consequences. Success might mean a Garou is
accepted into a foreign caern or might simply earn the
Garou a grunt of approval.

Creating new Rituals earns a Garou great esteem in the eyes
of other werewolves, especially Galliards and Theurges. The
exact execution and function of the Ritual must be detailed by
the player. The Storyteller then determines the difficulty of the
Ritual based on its complexity, effect and the character's
experience with other Rituals of the same type. The player rolls
Intelligence + Rituals (or possibly Occult or Etiquette) with a
difficulty between 7 and 9.

Hunting

Even skinchangers need to eat, and food isn't always
available in the Savage West at the corner restaurant or
saloon, especially where there are no restaurants, corners or
towns! Werewolves can find plenty of opportunities to hunt
in open country. Dinner, on the other hand, doesn't want to
be caught. When a Garou is stalking prey, a Perception +
Primal-Urge roll is made (difficulty depends on the scarcity of
game). For every two successes rolled, the hunter catches
enough for a meal for one.

When hunting dangerous prey, such as humans, mockeries or
vampires, werewolves often harry their opponents before taking
them down. A pack of Garou surrounds its victim. One werewolf
chases the prey into the reaches of the next werewolf, who
surprises the victim and takes up the chase. The process contin-
ues until the victim is exhausted. Ifa human or animal suffers this
treatment, he losesa Willpower point wheneveranew werewolf,
after the first, takes over the hunt. If the prey loses all its
Willpower in this way, it falls to the ground, exhausted.

258

Werewolf: The Wild West

Setting upa harrying requiressome planning. Each werewolf,
including the first, makes a Dexterity + Athletics roll (diffi-
culty 5). The prey also makes this roll when another werewolf
is encountered. If each werewolf receives more successes than
the prey, the chase continues. If the victim wins any roll, the
Garou must physically catch the target.

Inventions

Inventors scour the Savage West looking for investors
(read: suckers) to purchase their latest strides in technology.
Many of the items that are commonplace or even outdated in
our time are on the cutting edge of technology in the 19th
century. Hydraulic mining tools, steam trains and the Gatling
gun are all developed in this period. If a character wants to
cobble together a device from her stash of miscellaneous parts,
the player must make several Intelligence + Science rolls over
a period of time. The time, difficulty and number of successes
are all determined by the complexity of the item.

The Storyteller has final say about what characters can devise.
Players have to break the modem paradigm when getting into
their characters' imaginations. Settlers in the West are more
interested in improving the tools and means of tilling fields than
they are in creating devices that can store and summon up
information. Hell, electrical-powered devicesdon'teven existyet.

Memory

Players are as responsible for keeping track of chronicle events
asthe Storyteller is, but players are human, even if their characters
aren't. Players frequently forget what has been said by or has
transpired for their characters. Characters sometimes try to re-
member things that they might have experienced only in passing.
For a character to remember an important detail (whether the
player has forgotten it or not), the player rolls Intelligence +
Alertness. Difficulty depends on the obscurity of the information.
The Storyteller can also use this system as a tool to measure how
well characters keep track of events if they have to recount them.

Research

Universities and research laboratories are rare in the
Savage West. That doesn't make research impossible, just
difficult. The main problem with accomplishing any book-
learning is finding books. Not everybody can read, and
public libraries exist only in big cities. Perhaps the only
storehouses of knowledge on the frontier are schools and the
small newspaper offices.

If a Garou can manage to find an appropriate text, she
can try to find the information she's researching. An
Intelligence + Investigation (or another appropriate Skill,
such as Occult) roll is required. The difficulty varies
depending on the obscurity of the information sought and
the amount of research material available.

Ifa werewolf doesn't waste her time sticking her nose in
abook, but rifles through the paperwork of an institution
or her enemy, the local land baron, it works a little


differently. The following research system works for any kind of
investigation that involves more than book research. To work
through a stack of paperwork and discover something interesting
requires a Perception + Enigmas roll (difficulty 8, but modified by
the complexity of the information sought). The werewolf might
discover interesting purchasing patterns or learn that the railroad
won't be coming to town — but something much worse will.

Under either re
tion might only be found with extended actions and

ch conditions, truly obscure informa-

numerous suc:

Books and papers aren't the only sources of informa-
tion, though. People are full of it — information, that is,
and are probably a Garou's greatest resource in the West.
Although pla
ments, the Storyteller may wish to speed things up. If a
character probes into the general knowledge of saloon

1s should roleplay any fact-finding engage-

patrons or just wants to learn the latest gossip, the Story-
teller should roll the character's Wits + Empathy, difficulty
7 (or roll for the character with the highest total

in a pack). Etiquette or Politics may prove

more appropriate than Empathy in cer-
tain circumstances. The number of
successes determines the amount

of information gleaned from lis-

tening to the locals.

AMES DALYAN
q : |

t

Search

Finding someone in a crowded saloon or finding a clue
in the rubble of a collapsed mine can be a tedious, time-
consuming task. How a Garou searches — on all fours
using wolf-senses, for instance — often determines the
difficulty of a task. The player rolls Perception + Investi-
gation. Difficulty depends on how well the object or
person is concealed. If the Garou searches for a person and
the subject doesn't want to be found, the two must make
opposed rolls. The hunter rolls Perception + Investiga-
tion; the prey rolls Wits + Stealth. The difficulty in such
a roll is the opponent's opposed Skill (Investigation and

Stealth, respectively).
Whether a Garou searches for clues, objects or people,
the number of successes rolled indicates how productive
the investigation is. One success means the target is heard
or asmall clue is found. Five successes indicates the Garou
walks right/tup:to the idiot in-his hiding place or the
werewolf finds all the evidence he needs

to go to the hanging judge.


Stress

Werewolves simultaneously thrive on and are victims of stress. In order to utilize his Rage in any way, a werewolf must be in
a stressful situation, or the animal within will not respond. Too much stress can cause the Beast to gain control and overwhelm
a Garou, though, sending him into frenzy. Any time a werewolf scores four or more successes on any Rage roll, he frenzies.
Stressful situations come in many varieties, but the basic rule is that a Garou suffers stress whenever he
experiences a great deal of tension or is under pressure. When emotional strings are pulled (anger,
fear, love, hate, passion) assume that the Garou suffers stress. Stressful situations don't
always demand Rage rolls, but enough stress might push a werewolf over the edge.

‘w Danger: Whether its combat or hanging off the side of a runawa
a life-threatening situation creates a lot of tension.

train,

‘w Suspense: Sometimes waiting for events to unfold can be more
stressful than the actual event itself. Standing in the street and
waiting for your opponent to draw builds up a lot of tension.

‘w Confusion: Not knowing what to do, being lost in a dark,
dusty mine or being separated from the pack in combat can cause
a werewolf to lose control. Lupus and native Garou often suffer
confusion when in towns or cities.

*w Surprise: Being caught off-guard makes adrenaline flow
and muscles tense.

‘w Frustration: Beating your head « sta brick wall that
won't budge is a sure sign of stress. Being defeated by your
enemies, dealing with bureaucratic Easterners or being
imprisoned can drive a werewolf mad.

There are numerous ways in which a character
might suffer from stress. The Storyteller determines
the exact nature of how stress affects a character, and
when the player may spend Rage. Sometimes com-
bat isn't life-threatening, and the werewolf might
not be excited enough for Rage to be spent. On the
other hand, a simple conversation might be irritat-
ing if the Garou can't communicate properly.

A Storyteller does well to control players' ex-
penditure of Rage points. She doesn't need to
clamp down, but needs to ensure that Rage is spent
at appropriate times; otherwise, the emotional
impact is lost. The best rule is: If the players are
excited or tense, their characters probably are too.

Tracking

Tracking is similar to hunting; the main difference
lies in the goals. The goal of a hunt is to acquire a
meal, and the subject is usually a small, unintelli-
gent animal. Tracking can be used to hunt an
animal, but it's usually applied to following
humans — much more dangerous prey.

Tracking is usually staged over several
hours or days, depending on the pace of
the opponents. It's usually used when the
tracker does not know the location or des-
tination of the subject. If the tracker does
know this information, the rules for long-dis-
tance pursuit can be used.


When tracking people — or things pretending to be people — through the wilderness, a character needs to utilize his animal

instincts. The player rolls Perception + Primal-Urge. The number of successes determines how well the character follows the
trail. The Storyteller determines the difficulty based on the age of the trail and the terrain (typically 7 or 8). If the prey does not
wish to be followed or covers its tracks, it may roll Wits + Survival. The difficulty again depends on the terrain. Whoever
gets the most successes wins the contest — the tracker continues following until he catches his prey or the hunted
loses the pursuer. The time that passes before the hunter arrives upon the prey or the hunter realizes that he
has lost the trail depends on the distance between the opponents — turns, hours or days.

Tracking someone in a town is a task for only the most skilled hunters. Even Garou in
Lupus form can lose a scent in a town. The easiest way to track someone in an
urban setting is by doing it at night. The streets are less
crowded and scents and noises don't distract the hunter as aft
much. The roll to track someone through a town (or an ly
otherwise human-occupied place) is still Perception + Pri- y)
mal-Urge, but the difficulty rises by one to three, depending
on the activity in the town, the age of the scent and any
distractions or complexities.

ee
VY

So how do humans track, being that they don't
have Primal-Urge? Well, even though mortals can't
track by scent, they can still make a decent job of
following a trail. The Storyteller may make an
optional Tracking Skill available to human charac-
ters, or she may let mortals default to Survival or
Investigation when following a trail. In any event,
the difficulty for human tracking is always at least one
higher; having to rely on sight alone tends to hinder
tracking a bit.

Vision Interpretation

Werewolves are creatures of both the physical and
spiritual worlds. Dreams and visions from their spirit
ancestors or mystical guides impart clues to the future. But
visions are obscured by symbolism and are subject to
interpretation. When a Garou is confused by a vision,
the player may make a Perception + Enigmas roll to
understand its meaning. The difficulty depends
on the complexity of the dream, but usually

ranges between 7 and 9. The Dice Pool cannot i

/
exceed the character's Gnosis rating. Knowl-
edge of the occult or possession of the Past Life
Background can reduce the difficulty.

Although this system is helpful, its use is
not encouraged. Let the players piece things
together instead. This system is only pro-
vided so that players don't pull their hair
out trying to understand visions and dreams.

Some native tribes use smoke huts, ritu-
als or natural drugs to induce visions from *,
their ancestors or spirit guides. In order to call |
on spiritual aid in a visionquest, an Intelligence +
Rituals rolls is required. If successful, the werewolf calls
on a spirit who reveals something of the character's (or

another's) fate. The Storyteller decides whether the spirit
& shows the Garou true visions or false images. Either way, the

werewolf needs to interpret what the spirit reveals.

Chapter Nine: Drama 26)


SOMETHING HERE. OLD

PEAD-SMELL STRONEY |/ 3S
,

Y Serene, T00. Ay

YEH.
TH' PAIUTE HAO
THE RIGHT IDEA IN

SHUNNING THIS
ARROYO.


THAN HAS Ki Is ‘WEREWOLF: Tue WILD BSTC RONICLE, AND THE PLAYERS
AVE ae ER SESSION. THE CHARACTERS AR y
D), A' Gna : <

ONG-MEN &

SOMEWHERE IN ay
THE Pj 0
_ FIRST THI 4

THE PACK' WHAT iBR,
N_HAS REVEALED. F

ETHAN THAT HE'S {OOK-
VISIBLE SIGNS OF
iT; Core S HEARD OLD

... THE PRESENCE OF
TAINT IN THE AIR

HEAVY.
(DAMAGE 6) AND "
bi SHOOTING SUCCESSES, FRED

DIFFICULTY 7 TO HIT, WHAT oush: ff
ITH THE SIZE OF THE BIRD, AND i ETHAN DECI
|, {THE RANGE OF THE SHOT. ROLLING } A
is (DexTERITY (4) + FIREARMS ~
(4; EIGHT DICE IN, ALL); HE SCORES
FIVE SUCCESSES...


I'M GOIN' ‘(ap NOT A GOOD
SIDEWAYS. MAYBE INES IDEA, SILVER FANG!
CAN 00 SOMETHING VEY WAIT HALF A

; MINUTE!

ABOUT THE
PROBLEM IN THE
PENUMBRA.

— ee
JES' LIKE TH EX.
REST OF HIS KIN.

IT!

THE PISSANTS

WERE WAITIN'
Fer us!!!


PANEL 1:
USING THE POLISHED

EDGE OF HIS KNIFE,
MORNINGKILL BEGINS TO

mr ANYWAY,

ETLY ROLLS PROUD SPEARE ond
SS ae TOTAL OF :SIXDICE) TO SEE IF HE MIGHT NOTIC
i UPON THE WALLS. HE ROLIS
OF si&}- PROUD SPEAKER (AND

jn Wr

_ . THE MOCKERY ae P Proup
SPEAKER. SINCE FAS A' 3 eee
Pe TO DODGE. "th ome
"EP Dexterity (2)
t oy te AN ADDI-
OF SIX DICE),
SUCCES AT DIFFICULTY'
THE DAMAGE; NINE DICE

PLUS-A-DIE a



4

POON). Fra posts ,
_SCORING 8° suGcESS



No chronicle is complete without a hearty supply of sup-
porting cast, props, enemies and the like. This chapter gives
plenty of rules and suggestions for thoroughly stocking your
chronicle with all the elements you need.

Antagonists

Mockeries

Mockeries, or "fomori" as many Europeans call them, are
humans who have completely turned to the Wyrm. The
supernatural change from human to mockery often causes
physical changes in the person, transforming him intoa twisted
foul reflection of what he once was and warping his personality
as well. Most often these wretches have obvious deformities,
but some mockeries can hide the changes in their forms,
allowing them to lurk among humans and spread their corrup-
tion. Those who cannot hide their malformed bodies often live
in the desert or in the deep caverns they find in the hills. As
often as not, the desert-dwelling mockeries resort to cannibal-
ism as a means of survival.

A fomor is created when a Bane possesses a body. Most
often it is a human, but sometimes they possess an
animal. Normally the victim's personality and con-
sciousness remain intact, but are fused with the

malevolent disposition of the Bane. If the person was already
corrupt and evil, the resulting mockery is a truly psychotic

creature, uncontrollable and unrelenting in its pursuits.

Some of the less-scrupulousland baronshave discovered darksome
methods for creating mockeries, and use these creatures as guards
and enforcers. While fomori are often unpredictable, the greedy
landowners are willing to take a few risks in order to achieve their
goals. These soldiersare ararity, butthey are becoming morecommon
as the mining industry sinks its teeth into the Western Territory.

The following statistics are a simple guideline for fomori
creation. The Storyteller is encouraged to create new powers
for mockeries in order to make them more personalized.
Physical: Strength 3+, Dexterity 2+

amina 3+

Social: Charisma 1+, Manipulation 1+, Appearance varies
Mental: Perception 2+, Intelligence 1+, Wits 2+

Abilities (typical): Alertness 1, Athletics 1+, Brawl 1-3,
Dodge 1, Intimidation 2+, Larceny 2+, Firearms 1+, Melee 1+,
Stealth 1, Survival 2, Occult 1

Powers: All mockeries have one or more special abilities, "Gifts"
from the Wyrm that help them in their corruptive endeavors. $
the list below for examples, or feel free to make up your own.

ec

Equipment: Most of the fomori hired by the land barons are
issued handguns or knives for combat, and heavy clothes to aid
in hiding their deformities.


SEEN

ZL,

Mockery Powers

Most fomori have around three special powers;
some have more and some have less. The most powerful
mockeries, often the leaders through brute strength, are
considerably more powerful than their brethren. More often
than not, the more powerful fomori suffer side effects that are
debilitating in the long term. While these detrimental
conditions exist (such as a body that's rotting from the
inside, or a form that mutates more as the days go on,
leading to eventual death), they aren't always a factor.
Some take place over the course of months or even years.
*@ Armor—Thefomorhasthick, scaly skin, addingthreedice
to all soak rolls. This flesh is often mottled gray or a pale green.
‘w Berserker — The mockery has five Rage points, and can use
these just as werewolves do. The mockery is also susceptible to frenzy.
‘w Claws and Fangs — The fomor has natural weapons to employ
against his enemies and victims. He may attack using claw and bite
maneuvers, and the wounds inflicted are aggravated damage.
e\(( ‘w Extra Limbs — The mockery has extra limbs growing from his
N body. These are normally in the form of tentacles, tendril clusters or
insectlike arms. These limbs are useful for feinting maneuvers and
adding to the confusion in a battle, but often grow in awkward
places; an arm may grow from the side of the head, or a
) tentacle may sprout from the mockery's stomach.

7

WE

w Eyes of the Wyrm — The fomor has unusual eyes
that can dilate, revealing visions of the Wyrm's corrup-
tion. Dark images and torturous sights of damnation fill
the minds of anyone unfortunate enough to gaze into the
mockery's eyes. Anyone meeting the mockery's gaze must
makea Willpowerroll (difficulty 8) orbe frozen in horrorforfive
turns minus Wits rating, minimum of one turn. While holding a
victim in thrall this way, the fomor can neither attack nor
1, defend. His friends are another story.

‘w Immunity to the Delirium — Most mock-
eriesare immune to the Delirium. The influence
of the Wyrm has erased their primal fears along
with their humanity. Some still feel the effects

of the Veil, but at a +4 on the Delirium Chart.

‘@ Monstrous Strength — The fomoradds +5

to his Strength.

@ Poison Tumors — The mockery's skin is
covered with heavy, pus-bloated blisters that
erupt on hard contact. Whenever the mockery
is hit with a claw attack or is bitten, the blisters
explode, spilling a powerful venom. The at-

tacker must immediately roll to soak three levels
of damage (five if bitten), or suffer severe burns.
Characters attacking with melee weapons must
make a Dexterity roll (difficulty 6) or suffer the
same fate.

@ Quills — The fomor is covered
with thick, heavy spines that work as
armor (+2 tosoak rolls) and asa weapon.

Werewolf: The Wild West

SSS


These quills are hooked at their tips, much like a

attacking the mockery in hand-to-hand combat must make a

soak roll or suffer half the damage he inflicted as the quills sink
into the attacker. This damage is aggravated. Some mockeries can
actually launch the quills from their body, doing their Strength in damage.

: Dx)
hunter's arrow, and must be cut loose or pushed com- )7 \\
pletely through the body in order to be freed. Anyone Z » ey,

~ om
7 2

PP
Nyy

‘@ Slick Skin — The mockery's hide excretes a thick, slippery mucus that coats its
entire body. All melee and hand-to-hand combat damage inflicted on the fomor is
reduced by halfafter soaking, and attempts to grab the mockery are at +3 difficulty.

Black Spiral Dancers

The Croatan weren't the only tribe of Garou who fell while battling the
Wyrm. Long before the Mayflower drifted ashore at Plymouth Rock, the White
Howlers lost their final battle. The Pictish werewolves risked everything by
entering a massive Wyrmhole in the hopes of destroying the foul creatures
beneath the ground and sparing the rest of the British Isles. They were
willing to die in order to save Gaia. They weren't that lucky.

After nearly a month in the Wyrm's lair, the White Howlers came
back to the surface, now twisted in mind and spirit. They became the
Wyrm's own Garou, known today as the Black Spiral Dancers.

The Dancers are vicious, warped monstrosities whose primary
goal is the destruction or corruption of all the other tribes.
From their underground dwellings and their Wyrm-cor-
rupt caerns called "hives," the Black Spiral Dancers seek to
destroy everything the Garou have worked for, and they've
succeeded to a frightening degree.

Their time with the Wyrm and their tendency to
inbreed have created a tribe that seems mostly made up of
metis. The Dancers resemble most other Garou, but they
are malformed, reshaped to make their lives in the per-
petual darkness more comfortable. Many of the Dancers
have ears more like a bat's than a wolf', and their once-
noble faces have changed until they more resemble hyenas
than wolves in their Crinos form. Their oversized eyes

burn with the fires of the Wyrm's hatred, s

me-
times a dark and violent red, sometimes a pale,
sickly green. Even their fur has changed, losing
its rich white lusterand turning the same mottled
greenish-gray as the molds and spores found in
their caverns. The Dancers' totem is Whippoor-
will, whose cry they often mimic while hunting.
They also speak in some other language, now
forgotten by all other tribes.

The Black Spiral Dancers name themselves
after a spirit-maze they follow to the realm of the
Wyrm. The path, the Black Spiral, is a dangerous
course. Successfully "dancing" the Black Spiral issupposedly
asource of great power and insight for the Wyrm Garou, and

surviving the dance is a sign of wisdom in the eyes
ofthe Dancers. However, with this wisdomcomes
= insanity; most Dancersare horribly, incurably mad.

bt

y)
EN)

D3).


Black Spiral Dancers have statistics like any other Garou, but
most of them are metis, having inbred for centuries in their dark
caverns. Their "Gifts" often resemble mutations; the nature of
these Gifts is up to the Storyteller. Some suggestions follow.

w Bite of the Bat (Level One) — The Black Spiral
Dancer develops razor-sharp teeth and an insatiable appetite
for blood. When biting an opponent, the character can
choose to drink the blood of a foe, quickly weakening an
enemy while temporarily fortifying herself.

System: With the expenditure of a Gnosis point and a
Strength + Medicine roll (difficulty 7), the Dancer activates
the Gift. For each success on the roll, the bitten victim loses
one Health Level in addition to the bite damage. The victim
must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 8) to resist this additional
damage. For each Health Level of damage inflicted on an
opponent by this Gift (and only this Gift), the Black Spiral
Dancer gains +1 Stamina for the next turn, but only with a
successful Gnosis roll (difficulty 8).

W Cloud of Night (Level One) — As the Level One
Uktena Gift.

*w Sense Wyrm (Level One) — As the Level One Metis Gift.

‘w Burrow (Level Two) — As the Level Two Metis Gift.

‘w Ears of the Bat (Level Two) — Black Spiral Dancers
with this Gift develop large, batlike ears in their wolf forms.
Even in their human forms, their ears are often oversized. This
Gift allows the Black Spiral Dancer to use sonar like a bat,
sensing objects around him even in complete darkness.

System: This Gift is always active, and has no Gnosis cost.

‘w Wyrm Speech (Level Two) — This Gift allows the Black
Spiral Dancer to understand and communicate with other
sentient followers of the Wyrm. Simple communication, how-
ever, doesn't mean that any sort of bond between the Dancers
and the other Wyrmlings exists.

System: The Black Spiral Dancer rolls Wits + Enigmas in
order to comprehend the speech of another Wyrmling.

‘w Foaming Fury (Level Three) — The Dancer's mouth
bubbles and foams with a greenish fluid that, when it gets into the
blood, drives even the meekest of individuals into a berserk rage.

System: The Black Spiral Dancer must spend one Gnosis to
activate this Gift fora scene. Anyone bitten by the Dancer must
succeed in a Stamina roll (difficulty 8) or fly into a rabid frenzy.

‘w Icy Chill of Despair (Level Three) — As the Level
Three Shadow Lords Gift.

‘w Skinglide (Level Three) — The Black Spiral Dancer
develops heavy folds of skin under her arms, much like a
pterodactyl or a flying squirrel. By outstretching her arms and
leaping from a height, she glides at 25 miles per hour. The
Dancer gains these patagia in all her forms on learning this Gift;
blending in becomes accordingly improbable.

System: This Gift has no cost, and once learned is perma-
nent. Should her patagia be damaged, the Black Spiral Dancer
must wait until the wound is healed before she can glide again.

te Trackless Waste (Level Three) — As the Level Three Red
Talon Gift, but only effective in caves and tunnels.

*@ Crawling Poison (Level Four) —This Giftallows the Black
Spiral Dancer to infect others with a slow-acting poison via fang or
claw. This venom, when injected intoa victim, inhibitsawerewolfs
regenerative powers and reduces the target's Stamina rating.

System: The Dancer rollshis Gnosis (difficulty of the victim's
Stamina); the effect lasts for one hour per success. Each success
reduces the target's Stamina by one for the remainder of the
scene, as well as negating any regenerative or healing powers
(but not healing Gifts).

w Eyes of the Wyrm (Level Four) —Same as the mockery
Power.

w Wyrm Visions (Level Four) — This Gift allows the Black
Spiral Dancer to distort what a victim sees. The Black Spiral
Dancer must make physical contact with a target and breathe into
her victim's mouth. If successful, the victim's senses are distorted,
giving visions of the madness and suffering caused by the Wyrm.

System: The Dancer rolls Stamina + Medicine (difficulty of
the target's Willpower). Each success reduces the victim's Will-
power and Dexterity by one. This may only be done once on any
target during the course of the scene. The target affected by this
Gift may make a Gnosis roll (difficulty 8) in order to resist the
attack; each success negates one of the Dancer's successes.

‘w Balefire (Level Five) — The Dancer can hurl sickly green
balls of flame at her opponent. If she hits, the target's body is
twisted in some fashion by the strange energies.

System: With the expenditure of a Gnosis point, the Dancer
cantry tostrikean opponent with the energies (difficulty 6; use the
Firearms Chart for complications). The victim must roll Stamina
(difficulty 8) and meet or exceed the Dancer's number of suc-
cesses. If he fails, he is mutated in a manner decided by the
Storyteller. These mutations are always harmful and each level of
the Dancer's success is treated as an aggravated Health Level of
injury for the purpose of healing or rejecting the mutation.

‘w Heart of the Wyrm (Level Five) — This Gift allows the
Black Spiral Dancertosend one target into the "thrallofthe Wyrm."

System: The Black Spiral Dancer must spend two Gnosis
and make a Wits + Manipulation roll (difficulty equal to the
target's Gnosis). Only one success is needed to send an oppo-
nent into a frenzy, but two or more successes are required to
force the target of this Gift into being "ridden by the Wyrm"
(see page 222).

@ Kiss of Entropy (Level Five) — This Gift allows the
Dancer to summon a wave of pure entropy and focus it against
a single foe.

System: The Black Spiral Dancer must hit her opponent
with the black, burning energy (difficulty 6; use the Firearms
Chart for complications). This Gift also costs one Gnosis. If
the Dancer hits his target, the victim must make a successful
Gnosis roll (difficulty 8) to resist the effects of this Gift.

If the target fails to resist the power of this Gift, he ages
10 years for every one of the Dancer's successes.

Werewolf: The Wild West


The Law

With so much open space and so many people spilling into
the area from the East Coast, there's been little chance for
anyone to truly become organized and establish a solid base for
law and order. In many ways, frontier law is virtually the "law
of the jungle," and mob rule is a harsh reality.

While there are actual law-enforcement agencies in place,
there are almost never enough members in the agencies to
make a difference. Each town might havea sheriff anda deputy
sheriff or two, but in most frontier towns — especially the
boom towns builtaround local gold and silver mines — the best
these people manage regularly is catching individual horse
thieves and locking up the local unruly drunks on any given
night. There's also a problem with the honesty of the local law
enforcement. As often as not the sheriff and his men are paid
enough to mind their own business when it comes to vendettas
and illegal activities. In reality, the mine owners and land
barons normally control the law.

Toadd to the confusion, several enterprising men have started
their own private branches of law enforcement...

Armbrusters

The best known of these isthe Armbruster Detective Agency,
owned by none other than Walter Xavier Armbruster of Ama-
illo, Texas. Armbrusters, as the agents are usually called, are
among the best-trained lawmen around. Each is handpicked by
Walter Armbruster and schooled in the fine art of tracking, as
well as in the skills necessary to bring a man in dead or alive. It's
said by many people that the Armbrusters are fearless, and a few
unwary werewolves have learned the hard way how accurate
that statement is. The statistics below represent an average
member of the Armbruster Detective Agency.

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Intimida-
tion 3, Larceny 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 2, Melee 2, Ride 3,
Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Culture 1 (Spanish or local Native American
tribe), Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguistics 1 (Span-
ish or local Native American tribe), Medicine 1, Politics 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Resources 2

Powers: For reasons unknown to the Garou, the Armbrusters
are unaffected by the Delirium.

Willpower: 7

Image: Armbrusters are always dressed in gray suits with
bowler hats, the signature uniform of the Armbruster Detec-

tive Agency. When they wish to remain more
anonymous, the detectives switch into whatever sort

& of clothes are fashionable around town.

Roleplaying Hints: Always be courteous, as everyone is a
potential employer. Never hesitate to let people know that
you're an Armbruster. Smile, be friendly, and never stop
hunting the target you've been assigned.

History: When Walter Xavier Armbruster was a young man,
he decided he'd had enough of being pushed around and abused
by the local ruffians. He taught himself to fight and to defend
himself from any foe. By the time the Civil War erupted, he'd
already killed a dozen men and was up for election as the sheriff of
Amarillo. Instead, he fought for the Confederacy, because he was
damned if some Yankee was going to tell him what he could and
could not do (that there shouldn't be slaves was a given in his eyes,
but that wasn't the point of the war as far as he is concerned).

When the war ended, Armbruster was a different man. He
came back haunted by the bloody battles he has survived, and
with a reputation for violence that scared many people. He also
came back with the gratitude of an old man whose life he saved,
a man named Arthur Candlewick. After a short time, he
decided to use that reputation to his advantage and founded
the Armbruster Detective Agency.

Unbeknownst to Armbruster, the detective badges he had
Candlewick design for him are actually fetishes that grant the
bearer an immunity to the Delirium. Candlewick is a powerful
mage, who believes the Armbrusters are the best way to enforce
the law in an area where honor seems a trivial matter.

Federal Marshals

/ Texas Rangers

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Expres-
sion 1, Intimidation 3, Larceny 1 (Texas Rangers 3), Tracking
Skills: Crafts 1, Firearms 2-4, Leadership 2, Melee 1-3, Ride 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Culture (Mexican or local Native American
tribe) 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguistics (Span-
ish) 1, Medicine 2, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2

Willpower: 6

Image: The Federal Marshals and Texas Rangers normally
manage to bring a good amount of the trail with them, in the
form of dirt. Most of these men are constantly on the move,
going from territory to territory and doing what they can to
uphold the law. Most are hardened by incidents in their past
and well-tanned from their time on the move.

Roleplaying Hints: Don't take no guff offa anyone. You've
ajob todo and you aim to take care of the matter, and that's the
end of the discussion. Be polite to the ladies, but don't expect
them to be any better'n the men out here. There's snakes hidin'
in every bush, so always keep your eyes in motion and your
hands close to your pistols.


Local Sheriff

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Intimidation 1,
Larceny 3, Streetwise 4
Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Leadership 1, Melee 1, Ride 3
Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 1, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Resources 1
Willpower: 5
Image: The average sheriff ranges in age and physical descrip-
tion. Mostare armed with at least one pistol and carry a certain air
of authority in the way they walk. Most also wear a tin star. Asa
tule, the sheriff is someone well-known and liked by the commu-
nity — even if he isn't exactly capable of doing his job properly.
Roleplaying Hints: Be courteous; be stern. Never let your
enemies know how nervous you are. You haven't been yourself
since that sidewinder Black Jack Dooley took a shot at you last
week and blew the hat clean off'n yer head.

Posses

U.S. Marshals, sheriffs, Texas Rangers and even the occa-
sional charismatic town local all have the abilitytocall up
posses. A posse varies in size froma
few men to as many as 100,
depending on the size of the
town and the offenses of
the person it's after. Pos-
ses often
disorganized, chaoticaf-
fairswhereemotionsrun
high and anything that
moves in the distance is
a target for a trigger-
happy fool. Once a posse
gets on the move, the ex-
citement of the hunt fills
the people involved with
high emotion, often lead-
ing to cold-blooded
murders in the name of
"justice," and some-
times attracting Banes
thatfeedon the pow-
erful emotions
andsimulta-
neously fuel
the anger
generated
by the mob.

are

SESS Te

XX

Naturae

Naturae are the spirits of nature. They are most often found
in the wild, unclaimed areas where mankind has not yet
managed to establish a foothold. Many of these spirits reflect
the areas where they dwell, and help sustain Gaia even as She
gives them life. The Naturae are largely found in the Middle
Lands, but some still exist on the Earth itself.

Animal Spirits

Garou often interact with the spirits of animals, whether to
learn new Gifts from them or to appease them after hunting one
of their kind for food. Animal spirits are similar to their physical
counterparts, but often have a power they can teach a Garou; a
Rabbit-spirit may teach a Garou to leap, or a Cat-spirit might
teach a werewolf tosee in the darkness. There are too many types
of animal spirits to categorize here, and many of the Garou
believe that more existed in the past, when they had living
counterparts, only to fade as their races were exterminated.

The Garou believe that all animal spirits are connected with
their patron totem Incarna, called the Animal Fathers. According
to the lupus, the Animal Fathers regulate the population of the
their children on the Earth. If the Animal Fathers feel
slighted, they can decrease the births of new children,
which can be disastrous for the predatory Garou and
their wolf-kin. The Animal Fathers allegedly live in
great lodges in the Middle Lands. Finding them is
often a very difficult task, as the lodges are
seldom located in the same place twice.
Below are some sample animal
Gafflings.
wv Bear
Willpower 8, Rage 7, Gnosis 7,
Power 30
Charms: Armor, Healing,
Forest Sense, Incite Frenzy

¥ Buffalo
Willpower 7, Rage 6,
Gnosis 8, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense,
Cleanse the Blight, Create
Wind, Umbraquake

‘¥ Rattlesnake

Willpower 5, Rage 5,
Gnosis 6, Power 20

Charms: Disorient, Heal-
ing, Reform


¥ Eagle

Willpower 10, Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Create Wind,
Tracking

¥ Puma
Willpower 7, Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Power 30
Charms: Airt Sense, Open Moon Bridge, Tracking, Incite Frenzy

Desert Winds

Desert Windsare the personification of the hot, often turbulent
winds of the desert. These spirits are as tempestuous as the winds
they control, and have a reputation for a quick temper. In areas
where the railroads have come through, these spirits appear as dark
clouds, smudged with soot and coal dust. In areas where the desert
is untouched by man, they are larger and softer in appearance.

Desert Winds often know when someone, anyone, has come
through the area of the desert that they inhabit. Sometimes, if
the Garou approach them with the proper respect, they will
share the knowledge, knowing full well that the Garou can't
follow a trail they have already swept clean.

Desert Winds are usually Gafflings or Jagglings, though a
very few have reached the power level of Incarna.

Willpower 7, Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Power (varies; between 20 and 80)
Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight,
Create Wind, Disorient, Reform, Updraft

Lunes

Lunes are Jagglings of Luna. These
spirits appear as shimmering ribbons of
light surrounded by auras of blue and
gold. Great friends of the Garou,
they communicate empathically,
undulating into various forms as
they silently communicate with
other spirits. This motion be-
comes increasingly unstable as the
moon waxes. The demeanors of
Lunes vary depending on the phase
of the moon and, like their mistress,
these spirits are susceptible to lunar
madness during the full moon.

Lunes have the power to open any
Moon Bridge at will, if they so desire.
They sometimes perform this service for
Garou who successfully petition them (a
taxing task). Should the Lune be suffer-
ing from lunar madness at the time of the
granted request, there's noguarantee that
theGarouwill endup where he requested.

Willpower 8, Rage 4 (8 during the full

moon), Gnosis 7, Power 35
Charms: Airt Sense, Open Moon
& Bridge (cost 5), Reform

Vengeance-spirits
Vengeance-spirits are Jagglings that certain shamans can sum-
mon to do their bidding. Vengeance-spirits take many forms, and
are almost always single-minded in their purpose. Some Garou
believe these spirits are dying out as humans lose their ability to
believe in anything they can't experience with their own five
senses. Most act indirectly against a target, causing mishaps
around them and bringing "bad luck." A few, however, are able to
manifest in the physical world and wreak their havoc directly.

The Wendigo

The avatar of great Wendigo itself, this creature appears as
a twisted humanoid with blue skin, fangs, claws and eyes that
flash like lightning. The Wendigo has large black hooflike
stumps instead of feet, and legs powerful enough to propel it
through the wintry air at 50 miles per hour. The Wendigo is
occasionally called by Garou to act as an engine of vengeance.
Once summoned, it tracks its prey, tears its victim apart and
feeds on the victim's heart. The Wendigo may be summoned
with the Wendigo Gift: Call of the Cannibal Spirit.
Willpower 7, Rage 10, Gnosis 3, Power 45
(Power cost 30; Str 6, Dex 6, Sta 6, Brawl 5,
Dodge 1, Claws: Str +1 Bite: Str +2, Health 12) Create Wind,
Disorient, Freeze, Frozen Breath, Ice Shards

The Howler

The Howlerresembles a werewolf in many ways, but
in truth is in no way related. The Howler is a
powerful spirit of vengeance that serves various
Pure Ones tribes under different guises. Some-
times the Howler takes the form of a bear or
gigantic eagle; at other times it looks like a
walking cloud in the shape of a man.
Whatever its manifestation, the Howler's
a force of destruction unlike any other.
While the Howler doesn'tseem to move
very quickly, its intended victim nor-
mally hears it over the course of three
nights. The first night it sounds very dis-
tant, so faint that it could well be the
wind. The second night it sounds much
closer, as if it were just out of visual
range. The third night the Howler cries
out again, signaling that it will attack
within the hour. When it howls for the
third time, the powerful spirit sounds as
if it's standing only a few yards away.
The cries of the Howler are said to
deafen their enemies; perhaps this is
true of humans, but the Garou who
have survived the creature's attacks
still have their ability to hear. No
human has yet survived its wrath to
prove the point, anyway.

275


XX

The Howler may be stopped, but it can't be bound or
destroyed. If "killed" in the physical world, the Howler disap-
pears into the Umbra where it waits for one full cycle of the
moon before attacking its prey again.

Willpower 8, Rage 10, Gnosis 5, Power 60

Charms: Materialize (Power Cost 45; Str 9, Dex 6, Sta 10,
Brawl 5, Dodge3, Melee 4, Claws: Str, Bite Str: + 1), Disorient,
Forest Sense, Shapeshift

Elementals

These spirits are representations of the basic elements of all
life: the four elements of earth, wind, fire and water. Rumors of
other elementals abound, butnoone alive haseverseen them (or
at least provided proof of such spirits' existence). The power of
elementals differs as surely as a single grain of sand differs from
a mountain. Some are no stronger than Gafflings, while others
are as powerful as any of the Incarna. The following examples of
elementals are "average" in strength. They are the most com-
mon, and the most likely to be encountered by Garou Theurges.

Air Elemental

Willpower 3, Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Create
Wind, Reform, Updraft

Earth Elemental

Willpower 10, Rage 4, Gnosis 4,
Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor,
Calcify, Materialize (Power
cost 30; Str 10, Dex 4, Sta 10,
Health 15), Umbraquake

v Fire Elemental

Willpower 5, Rage 10, Gnosis 5,
Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast
Flame, Create Fire

‘v Water Elemental

Willpower 6, Rage 8,

Gnosis 10, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse

the Blight, Flood, Healing

Enigmatic ser pS
Many spirits hide their secrets from

even the Garou. These spirits are

normally unconnected with Gaia,

having no earthly counterpart.

Werewolves have no frame of

reference when encountering

these spirits, and they often seem

as alien as anything ever spawned

by the Wyrm. an

Warpers

Warpers, or Chimerlings as the Stargazers call them, are
Jagglings of the totem Chimera. These oddities change shape
as quickly and frequently as a wolf breathes, never holding any
pattern for more than a few seconds. The Uktena believe the
Warpers are responsible for many of the prophetic dreams the
Garou experience. Sadly, what these dreams are attempting to
convey is seldom clear to any of the Garou. The Chimerlings
often teach Gifts to the Garou, and are considered among the
wisest of spirits.
Willpower 3, Rage 5, Gnosis 10, Power 35
Charms: Airt Sense, Reform, Shapeshift

Englings
Englings are Jagglings of Gaia and carry a part of Her within
them. They are spirits of Gnosis, and Garou often ritualistically
hunt themdown during moots. OnceaEnglinghas been captured,
the Garou ritualistically thanks the spirit for giving of itselfso that
the Garou may continue to defend Gaia. If this ritual is completed
properly, all Garou involved regain
all their Gnosis. The Engling
then disappears, Reform-
*_- inginthe Umbra. Formore
information on the hunt,
see Gnosis, pg. 182.
Willpower 5, Rage 1,
Gnosis 10, Power 25
a € Charms: Airt Sense

Epiphlings/
Manitou

These strange spirits embody
concepts, suchas war, death, pain,
pleasure, protection and so on.
The Garou are not certain just
how these spirits fitinto the spirit
hierarchy or Umbral Courts. The

Stargazers believe the Epiphlings
are pure ideas or abstract con-
cepts filtered down from the
Heavens, or up from the Un-

\ \ derworld, where they become
1 Opa shadows of their true power.
xe aN \ The Uktena believe the
ee spirits, which they call

Se » \ Manitou, are actually the

mG | Pure Lands' response to

the European invasion.
Perhaps this belief is fos-
tered by the fact that they

\ normally only encoun-

ter Manitou of protection. &


|

The Wendigo are convinced that these Manitou are little more
than unformed spirits of vengeance, waiting for the chance to
grow in powerand help destroy the Wyrm-Bringers. Whatever the
Epiphlings truly are, they are normally encountered as Gafflings,
and are frequently bound into talens and fetishes. The Storyteller
is encouraged to create statistics for the Manitou, for each is
different from the next.

Wyldlings

Wyldlings are spirits of the Wyld, the uncontrollable forces
that created the universe given life and mobility. Most of the
Wyldlings stay far away from the Gaia-Realm, preferring to
reside where the Weaver and the Wyrm have not yet gained
any influence. From time to time these powerful spirits do
break through the Pattern Web and enter the physical world,
where they cause chaos and shatter the Weaver's patterns
wherever possible. Regrettably, they now have a great enemy
in the Wyld-devouring Storm Eater, who feeds on these
completely unpredictable spirits whenever possible. All
Wyldlings have the Charm: Break Reality.

Cyclones

Cyclones are some of the most powerful Wyldlings, and are as
unpredictableas the storms from which they get theirname. These
massive swirling pools of chaotic energy are feared and respected
by Garou and spirits alike, for theirs is the ability to completely
alter reality. Cyclones used to rampage freely across the physical
world — and still do, occasionally, in the company of Wyld
mages — but now spend most of their time in the Deep Umbra.

AsaCyclone iscomprised ofall thingsreal and unreal —fire
and water, wood, glass and everything else at once — any
damage it inflicts is considered aggravated.

Willpower 8, Rage 10, Gnosis 10, Power 80

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Cleanse the Blight,

Disorient, Materialize, Reform, Shapeshift, Umbraquake

Lesser Wyldlings

While not as powerful as the Cyclones, lesser Wyldlings are
still very dangerous. Most appear as shifting, hazy turbulent
swirls of color. While they occasionally act as spirit guides, all
werewolves agree that the Wyldlings aren't to be trusted.
Willpower 4, Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Power 40
Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Materialize, Reform,
Shapeshift

Weaver-spirits

The spirit servants of the Weaver are responsible for what
we call reality. They strive to maintain order in an endless
struggle against the Wyld. Most Weaver-spirits resemble spi-
ders, and normally inhabit the Pattern Web. Some are rumored

to look like odd geometric patterns. But few, save the
Tron Riders, claim to have seen them. All Weaver-

Y spirits have the Charm: Solidify Reality.

Pattern Spiders
Pattern Spiders are the most common of the Weaver's

servants. These large, crystalline creatures are primarily work-

ers, constantly adding to and reinforcing the Pattern Web.

They are docile for the most part, but instantly attack anything

that violates the Pattern Web's integrity, calcifying the offend-

ing creature and adding it to the Pattern Web.

Willpower 6, Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Power 25

Charms: Calcify, Solidify Reality

Chaos Monitors

These powerful spirits seem to serve the Weaver as shock troops.
Bearinga powerful resemblance to gigantic glass scorpions, the Chaos
Monitors often visit the Gaia-Realm, working to destroy anything
that doesn't fit within the constant, steady reality the Weaver's
worked so hard to create. The Iron Riders believe the Chaos
Monitors are the Weaver's answer toa world that is often too Wyld.

When materialized in the physical world, these spirits defend
the Weaver's creations, destroying anything that attempts to
harm what the Weaver builds. Their entry into the Gaia-Realm
is not gentle, however, and has led to several weak spots in the
Gauntlet. Some werewolves guess that this is how caerns first
came about, but most scoff at the notion. Of late, the Storm
Eater's influence has begun to affect these brutal spirits. Some are
coming out of the Umbra with glazed, blackened carapaces and
with a very noticeable Wyrm-taint. The Iron Riders are justifi-
ably concerned about this new development.
Willpower 7, Rage 10, Gnosis 9, Power 60
Charms: Airt Sense, Calcify, Healing, Materialize, Reform,
Solidify Reality, Spirit Static

Wire Hoppers

Wire Hoppers are a recent discovery among the Weaver-
spirits. These odd, multilegged Gafflings are only found running
across the wires of telegraph poles, transferring information
along with the electrical impulses that make the telegraphs
work. Iron Riders find these creatures very effective means of
passing information to others of their tribe, and also use them
to learn what is being said to whom by means of the telegraph.
Willpower 2, Rage 1, Gnosis 3, Power 10
Charms: Airt Sense, Solidify Reality

Banes

Banes, the spirit minions of the Wyrm, are beyond redemp-
tion and filled with the Corrupter's foul venoms. Banes assume
countless shapes, for destruction isn't limited to any single form.
Certain Banes are avatars or personifications of principles such
as hate or disease; others are simply random demonic entities.
There is little doubt that Banes are the Garou's greatest enemies.

All Banes are lost to the Wyrm, and the best way to fight these
vile spirits and ensure the removal of their influence is typically to
destroy them. Even their obliteration is no guarantee that the
damage they've caused can be undone, for their dark emotions are


SSSSSSN

ZOOL;

O

THN i

gifts of the Wyrm, and often spread like plagues to any humans or
sentient creatures in the area. These emotions fester, growing
stronger until a Blight forms in the Umbra near a certain area.
Blights draw other Banes to the location, allowing them to feed on
the hatred and bitterness of the infected people. In this way, the
Wyrm's influence grows like an unchecked cancer. Certain rites of
cleansing and healing are often an effective way to undo and outdo
the Banes' works of corruption, but all too many werewolves claim
that the expediency of violence is the only tenable solution.

When in their true form, Banes are often revolting in
appearance, causing an effect rather like the Delirium in
humans. Few who've seen a Bane manifest are quite the same
again, and most suffer nightmares for the rest of their lives.

Most Banes have the Possession Charm, and many have
specific powers based around the emotion or force they charac-
terize. These powers can range from basic emotion control or
the talent to remove the effects of the Delirium — allowing
humans to see Garou for what they really are — to the ability
to spread living corruption throughout the reality of a Realm.

Storytellers are encouraged to let their imaginations run
wild when creating Banes, so long as their powers reflect the
forces they represent. These powers often require "
which can be accomplished through the expenditure of Power

278

ctivation,"

or by making successful Gnosis rolls. Many Banes have powers
of corruption or mutation, and Garou who fight these creatures
risk their bodies and souls.

The Storyteller should avoid letting Banes take the blame for
every form of human evil. Banessimply magnify and feed on the evil
inherent in a person's soul; they aren't readily attracted to anyone
who isn'tready tocome to the Wyrm. Banes tend tochoose the path
of least resistance, focusing on the deranged or corrupted instead of
first creating the darkness thatallows them toenterasoul. Ofcourse,
no one is fully immune to their corrosive touch — but such is life.

The Banes listed here are but a few of the many Wyrm-spirits
that infect the Tellurian. Storytellers should feel free to create
their own Banes as well, using those given here as guidelines.

Wyrm-Winds

Wyrm-Winds are what remains of air elementals and Desert
Windsthathave been corrupted by the Wyrm. These powerful Banes
resemble very strong dust devils when materialized, throwing sandsat
speeds of up to 100 miles per hourand uprooting plants wherever they
go. While in the material world, these Banes are capable of
creatingsandstorms that coverentire regions. Inthe Umbra,
they look more like a thunderhead in the shape ofa rotted
skull. Most Garou believe that Wyrm-Winds are created @

Werewolf: The Wild West


by thepollutantsspilling into the air near mining townsandalong the
tracks of the railroads; the Uktena believe these Banes are the
offspring of the Storm Eater. Wyrm-Winds are malevolent and
delight in spreading their corruption to others. Where these Banes go
unchecked, Blightssoon form. Worst ofall, Wyrm-Windsare starting
to become a regular occurrence in the Savage West.

Willpower 8, Rage 10, Gnosis 4, Power 55

Charms: Airt Sense, Blighted Touch, Corruption, Create
Wind, Disorient, Materialize, Reform, Updraft

Mind Eaters

The Mind Eaters were once Weaver-spirits, but the Storm
Eater changed all that. When encountered in the Umbra,
these Weaver-Banes appear as massive spiderlike creatures
with blackened hides and seeping wounds. When manifested
in the Gaia-Realm, they are surprisingly small, ticklike arach-
nids that immediately burrow into the skulls of anyone they
encounter. Normally more of these Banes are seen in the
physical world than in the Umbra; the Uktena believe that the

Mind Eaters actually break into smaller entities when

manifested. These powerful Banes manifest in areas

where people are numerous and where towns of any
size have popped up.

Appendix

Coe ier
oe
With the gold rush under way, the Mind Eaters have become
aserious threat. The Mind Eater
in the human soul; what they s

are not attracted to greed or lust
k is something far worse. They
feed on the xenophobic tendencies ofanyone thi
fuel a hatred for strangers that consumes the unwary. Often times,
the Mind Eaters focus on a particular ethnic group or religious
camp, driving the people of that particular crowd to gather against
"common enemies" and "heathens." Once a gathering is chosen,

the Mind Eaters begin the work of corrupting their targets and
instilling a fanatical zeal for the "pure" within them. In a short
time, the victims of the Mind Eaters begin seeing all but their own
as an enemy. When the group has gathered enough followers and
enough targets, the Mind Eaters possess their victims, digging deep
into the brains of their targets and spilling a foul venom into the
minds prepared to receive them. The chosen group is thus
corrupted and led into acts of violence and degradation.
Willpower 5, Rage 5, Gnosis 5, Power 35

Charms: Airt Sense, Incite Frenzy, Materialize (1 Strength, 3
Dexterity, 1 Stamina), Possession

Storyteller Notes: The targets of the Mind Eaters gain +2 Strength,
+ 2 Stamina and 3 Rage (even humans) while under their influence.
Should the victims of the Mind Eaters remain in the Banes' thrall for
more than two days, they are permanently transformed into mockeries.

encounter, and

ELEC)


ME Sih:

| aI

+. W

| Dice |

Night Hunters

Night Hunters are insidious Banes that possess individuals who
havea greedy nature. These spirits are permanently materialized in
the Gaia-Realm and, if the Uktena are correct, were once held
imprisoned in the forms they now possess. Each Night Hunter is
different in shape, but all of them appear as a small stone carving on
a leather thong when encountered. To people of a particularly
greedy nature, these stones appear to be made of gold or gems; when
they're spotted, the Hunters call out to their victims, seducing them.
with promises of wealth. Night Hunters have been the objects of
pistol duels, knife fights and even riots, as numerous individuals
have fought for the possession of the "precious" uinkets. Whoever
survives such an encounter becomes the new host for the Night
Hunter. Once possessed, the host continues on with his or her
normal life, never realizing that the treasure he wears (carefully
hidden on the body at all times) holds sway when the sun sets.

When night falls, the Bane takes possession of the body and
uses a Moon Bridge to join with the other Night Hunters. Asa
group, the 13 Night Hunters move through the desert, stalking
Garou as their main source of prey. They aren't too selective,
however, and will kill anything that crosses their collective path.

All of the Night Hunters carry pistols or rifles, all ride "horses"
that never tire. No barrier seems capable of stopping the Bane-
possessed souls once they've set out to accomplish a task; the Night
Huntersand their mountsare capable of moving through solid rock.
Atpresentonly four Night Hunters have manifested. Ifthe Uktena,
who continue to remain secretive about the exact origin of these
Banes, are correct, there are a total of 13 of the beasts.

Manifested Night Hunters
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Melee 4, Ride 4,
Stealth 3, Survival 5
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 4, Law 4, Linguistics 3
(Spanish, French, German, at least one Native American),
Medicine 3, Occult 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Past Life 5
Gifts/Powers: All Night Hunters have Immunity to the De-
lirium, Eyes of the Wyrm and Ghost Walk (see below)

Gnosis 8, Willpower 9
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2,- 5, Incapaci-
tated

Image: The Night Hunters all appear in typical clothes,
varying only to the extent that the clothes often come from
different regions. There is only darkness where the faces of the
Night Hunters should be, save for eyes that glow asickly green.

Roleplaying Hints: Ask questions of the locals wherever
you may be. Find out about any unusual deaths in the area.

Never smile. Never laugh. Speak in a gravely voice, one
unaccustomed conversation. Kill any Garou you see, because
you remember the centuries you spent locked away all too well.
Serve the Storm Eater well, because it freed you.

Storyteller Notes: Ghost Walk allows a Night Hunter to
move through solid objects and effectively removes the crea-
ture from harm with a Gnosis roll (difficulty 5) and the
expenditure of 2 Power. When Ghost Walking, the Night
Hunter may not attack, nor may he suffer physical damage.

Night Hunter Bane
Willpower 9, Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Power 50
Charms: Airt Sense, Healing, Materialize, Open Moon Bridge,
Possession, Reform, Shapeshift

Skin Walkers

Skin Walkers are Wyrm-corrupt shamans capable of devastating
anareaina very short time. These Native American mysticsnormally
startoff with the bestof intentions, but theirangerat the mistreatment
of their people and their own curiosity about the spiritual world often
lead them to disaster. Once possessed by a Bane — the exact nature
of the Bane in question is unknown, a problem that worries most of
theGarou—theshaman becomesauniqueformofmockery, one that
seldom leaves populated areas alone for very long.

Skin Walkers seem to seed an area with new fomori, passing
new Banes to other people through the use of specially crafted
Bane-fetishes. Anyone unfortunate enough to encounter a
Skin Walker soon finds they can't remember what happened
after the chance meeting took place. Within a few days they
also discover that there are increasing lapses in their memories;
blank spots that only survivors of their assaults can account for
with any accuracy. There are very seldom any survivors to tell
the tale.

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Firearms 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics, Medi-
cine 2, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Resources 1

Powers: Corruption (as the Bane Charm), Eyes of the Wyrm,
Stone Seed (see below)

Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Image: The Skin Walkers are universally very pale, with
dark hair and Native American attire. Their eyes are very dark,
with blood-red pupils that pulse independent of any light
source. Many of the Skin Walkers drip an oily sweat con-
stantly, and most bear bloodstains on their hands and around
their mouths.

Roleplaying Hints: Smile serenely and lift your blow
gun to your mouth. Never speak.

Werewolf: The Wild West


Storyteller Notes: Stone Seed allows a Skin Walker to use
a blow gun to infect a person with a Bane froma distance. The
Skin Walker must first successfully hit his victim (Firearms +
Dexterity, difficulty 6); the power also costs one Gnosis. A
Victim struck with one of these minuscule stones is likely to
feel no more pain than a mosquito bite, and seldom realizes
that he's been attacked. Once the stone is in the body, it
dissolves immediately, releasing the Bane that sleeps inside.

These Banes, called Debauchers, immediately instill
within a host a need to hurt others in a ritualistic manner.
In short, the host becomes a serial killer. After a few weeks
of struggling against these violent urges, the victim (if too
weak to resist the temptations) becomes a full-blown fomor.
The exact nature of the resulting mockery is left to the
Storyteller's discretion.

Debauchers

Willpower 7, Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Power 20 (+ 10 per person
killed by host)

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Possession

Texas Tarantulas

They say everything grows bigger in Texas. In the case of
certain spiders, that statement seems to be true. The Texas
Tarantul:
were first spotted in the area around Nacogodoches, Texas.
Ranging in size between three feet and seven feet in height,
these creatures are terrifying and voracious. Worst of all, they
tend to run in packs. The Tarantulas were first spotted only a
few weeks after the first appearance of the Storm Eater; most
Garou blame the powerful Bane for their existence.

re actually found everywhere in the West, but

The statistics below depict a "small" Texas Tarantula,
averaging three feet in height with a body length of almost five
feet. Bigger critters are tougher accordingly.

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: all 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4

Skills: Stealth 3, Survival 2

Powers: Extra Limbs, Fangs and Claws,
Poison Bite (see below)
Rage 4, Willpower 5
Health Levels: OK,
OK, OK, OK, -1,
-l, -1, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated

Image: Texas Tarantulas bear a strong resemblance to their
namesake, but only in general shape. These Wyrmlings have a
hard carapace, more like a crab's shell than a spider's exoskeleton,
and anywhere between eight and 30 small eyes on their heads. A
small number of these monsters even sport claws similar to those
of a crab; these claws are capable of inflicting aggravated damage.
The color of their carapace changes subtly from light gray to dark
reddish brown, allowing them to blend into the surrounding
landscape. Once moving, however, they're easy to spot.

Roleplaying Hints: Find food, kill it, eat it.

Storyteller Notes: The venom of Texas Tarantulas isn't
fatal, but a bitten victim must roll Stamina (difficulty 7) or
suffer paralysis. Once paralyzed, the victim is unable to react to
any physical stimuli, but feels everything. Due to their sheer
size and their ability to resist many natural poisons, Garou in
Crinos form require two injections of venom to fully succumb
to the paralysis. One dose, however, is sufficient to halve their
effective Dexterity.

Wyrm Clouds
A very new development in the ways of the Wyrm is the
Wyrm Clouds. These portals to the heavens seem to appear
only where the railroads run, and normally manifest at set
times; always in accordance with the train schedules, strangely
enough. The portals are swirling masses of black clouds lined
with flashes of green lighting. When they open, a stream of
Banes pours into the Gaia-Realm, heading directly for the train
below. Anyone on the train who is at risk of Wyrm-corruption
becomes a mockery; those few who are left alone by the Banes
soon become meals for the newly formed servants of the Wyrm.
As the phenomenon is very new, no Garou has yet discov-
ered what causes the Wyrm Clouds to form, or exactly where
in the Umbra they lead. Of all the Garou, only the Bone
Gnawers can attest to having actually seena Wyrm Cloud. The
portals opened during this event seldom last longer than five
minutes, and leave no trace once they've dissipated. The
precise timing of these things leads most Garou to believe that
the Clouds are guided by a mundane hand; maybe a human,
fomor, Black Spiral Dancer or even a cor-
rupt Iron Rider? Many Iron Rider
septs have already offered a
high fetish bounty tothe
pack that prevents
the WyrmClouds
from running
on time.


Below is a list of fetishes the Storyteller may use in a
chronicle. They are ranked from one to five, corresponding
with the Fetish Background Trait. Characters with this
Background may have one or more of these fetishes, up to
their level in the Background, or the Storyteller may
make up fetishes of his own.

Storytellers are encouraged to create their own
fetishes, using the basic rules outlined in Chapter
Seven (Fetishes, pg. 209). However, they should
avoid using too many of these items in their stories, as
they are rare and thus rightly prized.

The Gnosis rating indicated is the difficulty a Garou
must meet or exceed in a Gnosis roll in order to use the fetish
in question.

Medicine Bag

Level varies, Gnosis varies
Medicine Bags are fairly common among the native
Garou, and are used for a multitude of purposes. These can
include: Peace (Level 1, Gnosis 5), which increases the
difficulty of all Rage rolls by +3; Protection from Spirits
(Level 3, Gnosis 6), which prevents an uninvited
spirit from manifesting with 100 feet of the
bearer; Healing (Level 4, Gnosis 8),
which allows the bearer to heal at
twice the normal rate; and
Stealth (Level 2, Gnosis 4),
which reduces all Stealth-re-
lated difficulties by two.
The most powerful Medicine Bags (Level
5, Gnosis 8) allow a Garou to roam among
humans in any form and still appear
human (though violent acts are still
perceived normally), or fool Wyrm-
minions into perceiving the bearer as a
kindred spirit. Many Medicine Bags do
more than one of the above in con-
junction, but are always of
appropriately high level and require
very high Gnosis to activate. Appro-
priate spirits must be bound into
Medicine Bags, and all but the most
powerful abilities of the Medicine Bag
require concentration in order to op-
erate properly.

Medicine Bags are always created by
the elders of the Uktena and Wendigo
tribes, and are seldom awarded to any-
one from other tribes. These powerful

fetishes are usually attuned to the wearer
when they are presented.

Dream
Catcher

Level 2, Gnosis 4

The Dream Catcher isa simple hoop of wood, designed with
a web of sinew in its center. When activated, this fetish
captures and holds any Banes attempting to possess the owner.
This fetish is actually fairly common, but few Europeans know
how to make one work properly.

To create a Dream Catcher, a Protection, Guardian or
Weaver-spirit must be coerced into the sinew web.

Turtle Necklace

Level 3, Gnosis 7

One of the few remaining artifacts of the lost Croatan, this
turtle-shell necklace is a potent fetish of protection. When
activated, it grants its wearer an extra soak die against all
attacks, including silver, fora scene. The few Turtle Necklaces
were gifts from the Croatan to the other Pure Ones, and some
doubt that any will be left in a century or so. Presumably a
Turtle-spirit must be bound into a necklace to create this
fetish, but no other tribe has had any luck doing so.

Klaive

Level 4, Gnosis 6

A klaive is a ritual dagger of the European Garou. Klaives
are rare weapons, for they are made of silver and their manufac-
ture and use is deadly to the Garou. A klaive is about the size
of a Bowie knife, and a Garou who carries one loses one point
from his effective Gnosis Rating. A War-spirit is usually bound
into a klaive, allowing it to do aggravated damage to non-
Garou enemies. Without the spirit, the klaive only causes
aggravated damage to other shapechangers; however, a Garou
need not attune a klaive without a spirit.

Pulling a klaive on another Garou is considered a grave
action, for a klaive duel is almost always to the death.

The difficulty to attack with a klaive is 6, and it
inflicts Str +2 damage. Garou can't soak this damage
because it's a silver weapon,

Werewolf: The Wild West


Spirit Axe
Level 4, Gnosis 6
The Uktena fashion spirit axes to help them battle the

minions of the Wyrm. These weapons act as normal axes

when used against an enemy, save when their target is pos-
sessed by a Bane or spirit. In the latter event, the spirit axe
ignores the physical person, simply passing through solid flesh
as if it weren't there, and attacks the spirit instead.

To create a spirit axe, a Predator-spirit must be convinced
to join with the specially crafted weapon.

War Bow

Level 4, Gnosis 7

War bowsare intricately carved from bone and often adorned
with numerous feathers and beads. The:
are much like the klaives of the European Garou in that they

e powerful weapons

are usually passed down to descendants in the same family. The
war bow is a weapon first, and fires arrows at a -2 difficulty,
while inflicting Strength +2 aggravated damage.

To create a war bow, a War-spirit, and sometimes an
Ancestor-spirit, must be bound within the weapon.

Spirit Whistle

Level 4, Gnosis 8

When activated, this small bone whistle emits a powerful
shrieking noise that causes great pain to all spirits within the
wielder's line of sight. Any spirits present must roll Gnosis,

difficulty 6, and score equal to or greater than the user's successes

on the activation roll in order to avoid fleeing in pain and fear.
In order to make a Spirit Whistle, a Screech Owl-
spirit, or a spirit of Madness, Screaming or Discord
must be bound into the whistle.

Appendix

Grand Klaive
Level 5, Gnosis 7
These are the legendary weap-
ons of European Garou heroes.
Grand klaives are as big as swords
and, like their smaller counter-
parts, are forged from silver. A
Garou who carries a grand
klaive loses two from his effec-
tive Gnosis Rating. As with
klaives, the grand klaives usu-
ally have War-spirits bound
into them, causing aggravated
damage to non-shapechanger en-
emies. Those few without
War-spirits need not be
attuned to the wearer.
Grand klaives are ex-
tremely rare and are often
passed down through family lin-
eages, especially by the Silver
Fangs and Shadow Lords. In addi-
tion to a War-spirit, some have an
additional spirit — such as a
Gnosis-spirit to grant magical aid to
the user, or even an Ancestor-spirit — bound
within them. The second spirits seldom mind
being bound within them because these
weapons are so honored and legendary.

The difficulty to attack with a klaive is
7, and it inflicts Str + 4 damage. Garou
can't soak this damage because it's a sil-
ver weapon

Talens

A number of sample talens are listed be-
low. The Storyteller should feel free to create
more, bearing in mind that talens are alwa

one-shot items.

Gaia's Breath

Gnosis 5

Gaia's Breath is a small
dried gourd marked with sym-
bols of praise to Gaia. When
crushed and spilled over an open
wound, the powdered gourd heals
up to four Health Levels, even if the
damage is aggravated.

Fi

To create a Gaia's Breath talen, a
spirit of Healing must be bound within
the gourd.


nN

Bane Arrows

Gnosis 4

These obsidian-headed arrows are able to
home in on Banes, whether they are visible or
not. These arrows hit automatically and in-
flict three dice of aggravated damage. The bite
of a Bane arrow is so painful that no Bane can
resist crying out in pain.

To create a Bane arrow, one of the following
spirits must be bound into the arrow: War, Air or
Pain.

Vision Pool

Gnosis 6

A vision pool is a simple powder which, when
added to a clear pool of water, shows visions of the
future. These talens are used for divination, but are
often convey vague messages , requiring an Enig-
mas roll (difficulty 6) to comprehend.

To create a vision pool, a Divination-spirit
must be bound into the ashes of burned peyote.

Pack Totems

The process of allying with or "adopting" a
pack totem is more like that of a parent adopting
achild than two friends devoting themselves to
each other. The totem feels a tie to its adopted
pack and speaks to those Garou it chooses as its
"children." The actual spirit that attends to the
werewolf pack is a Jaggling representative called a
totem avatar.

Generally a totem spirit isan Incarna. Totem spirits
are usually animal spirits, but can be mythological crea-
tures, elemental forces or other kinds of spirits. Animal
totems are also called Animal Fathers by the lupus Garou.
Most totems fall into one of three categories: Totems of
Wisdom, Totems of Respect or Totems of War.

© Totems of Respect: These ancient spirits are associ-
ated with the greatest of Garou. They are totems of honor.
They have provided leadership advice, diplomatic ass
tance, and other kinds of aid for many years. They have been
known to lend their iron will to their children.

© Totems of War: These are most often predatory animal-
spirits and ancestral warriors. They are totems of Rage and
glory, aiding the Garou in battle, tactics, strategy and recon-
noitering. They are perhaps too bloodthirsty to win respect
from the Garou as a whole, but they are helpful in times of
battle. They have been known to lend Rage to their children,
and to help them in times of war.

© Totems of Wisdom: These are wild, spiritual totems,
usually nature-spirits and elemental forces. Though they teach
many werewolf mystics the secrets of magic, and they grant aid

Werewolf: The Wild West

OX)

R

to Theurges. these totems are often looked on with a measure
of disrespect because they are unpredictable and speak in

riddles. They have been known to teach their children Gifts
and to protect them spiritually.

Background Costs
and Traits

The Totem Background enables characters to "pur-
chase" a totem-spirit affiliated with their pack. The
total number of Background points allocated to the
totem by the characters to the pack totem provides the
pack with a pool of points to spend. However, the pack
must first spend the Background points for the totem the
members select, and then provide the totem with other
abilities. For more information, see Totem, pg. 137.
All Traits granted by a totem are on a per-turn basis,
and are granted to only one pack member at a time
(with the exception of Renown, unless otherwise
stated). Traits may be passed back and forth among
the pack members; the current power-wielder desig-
nates the next recipient of the Trait. All Attribute and
Ability bonuses add to the wielder's Dice Pool for that
Trait, even ifthe character doesn't normally have that
Trait. All Renown bonuses and penalties apply im-
mediately to the pack members' Renown as soon as
they have selected a totem.
Most totems have a Ban, a rule or rules that its
followers must follow in order to maintain the totem's
favor. Those who violate the Ban find themselves in
disfavor with their pack totem, and must undergo a Rite
of Contrition before the totem will aid them again. It's
possible for a totem to totally abandon a pack that
repeatedly violates its Ban.
Pack totems may teach new Gifts to those Garou it
finds worthy as with other spirits. The types of Gifts
they teach relate to their affiliations and powers.

Below are lists of available totems and their
affiliations. Many of these totems are also tribal
with a to-

totems. Members of a tribe allied
tem don't gain the

Traits listed with
each totem; these
bonuses only ap-
ply to those
packs allied to
an avatar of that
totem. Tribes
benefit from the °
wisdom and pa-
tronage of their
totem; their tribal
Gifts were first taught
by their tribal totem.


|

Totems of Respect

Falcon

Background Cost: 5

Noble and brave, Falcon soars high and leads all Garou.
Falcon helps werewolves be strong through his insight into
their hearts. The Silver Fangs serve Falcon, who helps them
maintain communication and unity. Falcon is a highly
respected totem.

Traits: Packs chosen by Falcon may call upon four Will-
power points per story, and gain +3 to a Leadership Dice Pool.
Each pack member's Honor rating increases by one temporary
point. Silver Fangs often look upon the Children of Falcon as
nobles, though some may scoff and consider them usurpers.

Ban: Children of Falcon can never allow themselves to lose
permanent Honor. If they do, they are expected to right this
misdeed or perform the Rite of Contrition and atone by
throwing themselves into an impossible battle with a minion
of the Wyrm, thus committing suicide.

Grandfather Thunder

Background Cost: 7

Thunder is more feared than respected, yet his place
among the Totems of Respect is secure. His Stormcrows have
eyes everywhere, and he rarely chooses a pack on his own.
Instead of relegating a totem avatar to a pack, Grandfather
Thunder sends one of his Stormcrows to tend his children.
Grandfather Thunder teaches patience, ingenuity, subtlety
and strategy to those he chooses.

Traits: Packs chosen by Thunder can call upon an extra
five Willpower points per story and gain +3 to Etiquette Dice
Pools. Very few people trust them, but Grandfather Thunder's
children gain +2 to Intimidation Dice Pools by invoking
Thunder. Each pack member gains one temporary Honor,
and Shadow Lords watch the pack closely.

Ban: Children of Thunder don't usually tell the truth to those
they do not respect. They never respect anyone they can dominate.

Pegasus

Background Cost: 4

Pegasus is known as the tribal totem of the Black Furies, but
also for her nobility and power. Pegasus is chiefly concerned
with sacred places and their protection. Because of the ongoing
feud between the Black Furies and the Get of Fenris, the totem
will accept no pack with a Get as a member. She teaches her
children Gifts associated with the air.

Traits: Pack members gain an extra three Willpower points
perstory and +3 to Animal Ken Dice Pools. Each member gains
+2 temporary Honor Renown. Black Furies will always be well-
disposed toward the Children of Pegasus.

Ban: The Children of Pegasus must always give aid to
females of all species, especially the young. Naturally,
this doesn't include any females with a Wyrm-taint.

Stag

Background Cost: 4

Stag is the master of the Wild Hunt, a representation of the
wild, masculine power of nature. He isan ancient totem, farolder
than the Garou, and represents one of the fundamental aspects
of life. He taught the Garou their affinity with nature and was,
perhaps, instrumental in the ending of the Impergium. He isalso
associated with virility. Stag will occasionally appear to lost
Garou, leading them out of danger or aiding them in a crisis.

Traits: Packs chosen by Stag have three extra Willpower
per story, and gain +3 Survival. Each pack member gains three
temporary Honor Renown. The Fianna are well-disposed to
the followers of Stag, as are European faeries.

Ban: Children of Stag must always aid the fae and their kin.

Totems of War

Bear

Background Cost: 5

Great Bear isa fierce warrior, but very wise in peacetime. He is an
ancient healer and ritemaster, old and wise in the ways of the Gaia-
Realm. He is viewed unfavorably by the European Garou, however,
because they distrust his true children, the Gurahl (werebears).

Traits: Children of the Bear gain +3 to Medicine Dice Pools
and the ability to hibernate for up to three months with no
need for food or water. Each member's Strength Attribute is
permanently raised by one, and each pack member may use the
Gift: Mother's Touch once per day.

Unfortunatly, all members of the pack also lose five tempo-
rary Honor Renown, and subtract one from all earned temporary
Honor Renown when rewarded. Werebears look favorably
upon the Children of Bear, as do most native people.

Ban: Bearasks nothing of his children, save that they not attack the
Gurahl without reason. He knows they give much in service to him.

Coyote

Background Cost: 7

Coyote is the Trickster. He is wild, unpredictable and often an
outlaw. He is the shadow in the woods, the root that trips even the
mightiest wolf. Coyote's howl rises up to Luna and calls Her down to
dance. He is a great warrior, a master of deception and skullduggery.

Traits: Coyote gives his children +3 Larceny, +3 Stealth,
+1 Subterfuge and +1 Survival. He can always find his chil-
dren, wherever they are. The Nuwisha werecoyotesare inclined
to play tricks less likely to kill on Coyote's children.

However, the Garou do not see Coyote as an especially wise
totem. Each pack member subtracts one from any temporary
Wisdom Renown awards they receive. The pack is constantly
blamed for troubles, whether or not it's at fault. Coyote isa very
powerful totem, but difficult to follow. Still, boredém is never
a problem for the Children of Coyote.

Ban: Coyote asks only that his children follow their hearts
and avoid the Wyrm's embrace.


@4

Fenris

Background Cost: 5

Great Fenris treads the world in a haze of Rage. He is the feral
Dire Wolf, the destroyer of all that is weak. Fenris is bloodthirsty
and powerful, giving no quarter and expecting none in return.

Traits: Fenris grants one additional Physical Attribute pointto
the pack; the current holder of this Trait can choose if it goes to
Strength, Dexterity or Stamina, even if the additional point
increases the Attribute over 5. Each pack member gains two
temporary Glory Renown. The Get of Fenris respect those who
follow Fenris more than they do most others, and will constantly
invite the Children of Fenris to join them on wild, frenzied hunts.

Ban: Fenris demands that no child of his ever refuse a
chance to fight.

Griffin

Background Cost: 4

The ever-hungry Griffin murders with lightning claws and feeds on.
his fallen enemies. He guards the wildemess against human encroach-
ment and represents the most primal and animalistic powers.

Traits: Griffin grants +3 Alertness to his vigilant children.
Additionally, each pack member can communicate directly
with any bird of prey, without the need of a special Gift. Red
Talons recognize the Children of Griffin as kindred souls, even
those few homids who follow him.

Ban: Griffin requires that his children not associate with
humans. He demands that they hunt humans foolish enough to
stray into his domains. Only the most exceptional homid Garou
are accepted by Griffin.

Rat

Background Cost: 5
Silent, quick and crafty, Rat is a master of guerrilla warfare,
survival and camouflage. Rat finds safety innumbers, and has taught
many Garou the virtues of his wisdom. Although not that belliger-
eat, Ratisevery inch thescrapper, and quite violentwhencomered.
Traits: Rat grants his children five Willpower points per story,
+ ad teaches them how best to fight a foe. All pack members
subtract one from all difficulties involving a bite maneuver, and
‘om all attempts at stealth. Each pack member gains one point of
"emporary Wisdom Renown. Bone Gnawers aid Children of Rat
when they can, but won't generally risk their own lives to do so.
Ban: Rat asks that his children never kill vermin.

Wendigo

Background Cost: 7

Wendigo is the great cannibal spirit, devouring the hearts of
<s foes and howling its rage to the world. Wendigo is far too
uuch of the Wyld to be tainted by the Wyrm, and is said to have
z hatred for the Corrupter that is even hotter than its own frozen
Lide is cold. Wendigo teaches the Garou how to use the wild
tactics of the storm in battle. It also teaches them to use the cold
bitterness within them, converting it into a burning rage.

Werewolf: The Wild West
BR

Traits: Each pack member gains five Rage points per story,
regardless of the actual Rage rating of each; thus, the Children of
Wendigo may sometimes have more Rage to spend than their
ratings allow. Each member also gains +2 temporary Glory Re-
nown. The Wendigo tribe doesn'tautomatically trust the Children
of Wendigo, for they acknowledge that the spirit of the frozen
wastes is often too wild and unpredictable for sound judgment.

Ban: Wendigo asks that its children help native people
when they are in trouble.

Totems of Wisdom
Buffalo

Background Cost: 6

Buffalo is sturdy, patient, slow to anger and filled with the
wisdom of the future. His dreams of prophecy and words of
wisdom have stopped wars before they could start.

Traits: Buffalo grants +3 Stamina to the pack's soak pool,
and subtracts four from all difficulties in interpreting dreams.
His children also gain +3 Survival when searching for food and
safe water. Uktena and Wendigo Garou consider followers of
Buffalo friends, unless the pack proves otherwise.

Ban: Buffalo asks that his children protect the great herds
of buffalo that roam the ranges. This Ban doesn't mean pre-
venting the death of a buffalo for food, but rather is a request
todefend the herd from those who would slaughter them by the
hundreds for profit.

Chimera

Background Cost: 5

Chimera is She of Many Faces, the Lady of Mirrors, the
Ever-Changing. She is the mysterious caretaker of dreams, and
is thus the mistress of enigmas and inner wisdom.

Traits: Chimera gives her children the ability to disguise
themselv: something or someone else while in the Umbra.
The pack gains +3 to Enigmas Dice Pools and +1 to Perception.
Each pack member subtracts two from all difficulties involving
solving puzzles, enigmas, finding things or interpreting dreams.
Each pack member also gains two temporary points of Wisdom.
Stargazers will note the pack's affiliation, but this won't neces-
sarily affect their opinion of the pack.

Ban: Chimera doesn't limit her children, but won't visit
them if they don't seek enlightenment.

Cockroach

Background Cost: 6

Cockroach is old and cunning, the master of adaptation. The
Iron Riders revere Cockroach, and in turn it aids them in
learning to survive in the rapidly changing world. Though
incredibly ancient, Cockroach is a totem of the modern age.
Whatever works, its children inevitably shrug.

Traits: Cockroach's children gain the ability to
Peek from the Umbra and hear the words communi-
cated by telegraph, simply by listening. They may also


communicate to
one another simply by
speaking into the wires that
lead from one telegraph station to the
next. Followers of Cockroach also re-
duce the difficulty toaffectany technology
by two; this includes any Crafts rolls.
Ban: Cockroach asks that all of its kin be
spared by its packs.

Rattlesnake

Background Cost: 8
Rattlesnake is an old, wise totem of the Pure
Ones. He is capable of great compassion and
even greater fury. When angered, Rattlesnake is
a harsh foe with a very long memory. Like his
namesake, Rattlesnake is easily offended. But
Rattlesnake's anger is almost ironic when one
considers his patience; he is capable of great things, and
demands that his children carefully consider any situ-
ation before acting. Once hisfollowersstrike, however,
there is seldom an enemy left alive.

Traits: Rattlesnake grants his children second
sight, giving them the Gift: Pulse of the Invisible. His
packs gain the ability to entrance listeners through
singing or howling (Manipulation + Performance,
difficulty 8); the actual effects are up to the Story-
teller. In addition, the pack gains Past Life 3; this is
not an actual affinity with Garou ancestors, but an
ability to learn ancient knowledge and lore by access-
ing primal memories. All Uktena and Wendigo will
recognize and honor Children of Rattlesnake.

Ban: Rattlesnake asks that none of his followersattack
any serpent, and that his children honor the Pure Ones.

Uktena

Background Cost: 6

Uktena is a dark, powerful and ancient water-
spirit with the features of a cougar and a serpent.
Few spirits know and understand the secrets of the
occult as well as Uktena.

Traits: Uktena

surrounds its children with a pro-
tective ward when they are in the
Umbra; this adds three dice to their soak
rolls. Each Child of Uktena is taught se-
cret lore and knowledge, gaining two extra
experience points per story that may only be
applied to learning Occult, Rituals, Gifts or
other mystical knowledge.

The pack's association with Uktena is dubi-
ous to other Garou; Social roll difficulties are
increased by one when dealing with other
werewolves (except the Uktena). Each pack
member gains two points of temporary Wisdom.
Garou of the Uktena will treat the packmates as
lost siblings.

Ban: Uktena asks that its children recover lost
mystical lore, places and animals from the Wyrm.

Unicorn

Background Cost: 7

Unicorn is pure, powerful, strong and She isa
totem of peace, harmony and healing. She represents
the pure understanding and unbridled love of Gaia,
and she extends this bliss to her children.

Traits: Unicorn's children gain her speed, mov-
ing at twice the normal rate when in the Umbra.
Followers of Unicorn subtract two from all difficul-
ties involving empathy and healing, but add two to
all difficulties involving harm and injury to other
Garou, excluding the Wyrm-tainted. They also gain
three additional dice when using Gifts involving
healing, peace, strength and protection. Each pack
member gains +3 temporary Wisdom Renown. Chil-
dren of Gaia will always give aid to and usually side
with the Children of Unicorn.

Ban: Unicorn asks that her children continu-
ally aid and protect the weak, the helpless, the
abused and the exploited, but not to the extent of
aiding the Wyrm: Unicom may be'a pacifist; but
she's no fool.


NY, chronicle:

oo. 6 eee cee

ey ah oe

4

"| Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Tribe: Concept:
>>. SS Attributes SS >> SS
Physical Social Mental
Strength ooooo0 Charisma 00000 Perception. oo000®
Dexterity. 00000 Manipulation 00000 _ Intelligence ooooo cs
Stamina 00000 Appearance ooooo Wits ooooo
> S Abilities SS
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness 00000 Animal ken oooco Culture ooooco
Athletics, ooooo Cratts 00000 Enigmas ooqooo
Brawl. Oooon $Stiquette 00000 Investigation ooooo
Dodge ooooo firearms Ooooo law... ooooo
Empathy ooo00 Leadership Oo000 linguistics ....ooo0o0
Expression ooooo0 Melee oooo0 Medicine ooooo0
Intimidation 00000 Performance ooooo Occult ooooo
Larceny, ooooo Ride oooo0 Politics ooaoag
Primal-Urge Oooo0 Stealth ooooo Rituals ooooco
Subterfuge ooooo Survival Qoooo Stiene_....ooooo
Advantages ae
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
ooooo
ooooo
ooooo
ooooo
ooocao
Renown Rage Health
Glory 0000000000 _ Biss OQ
0000000000 QO000000000 mm 1 (@
OOOOQO000000 Injured ) (@)
Honor . Wounded 2
ooooo00000 aoa Mauled 2 s
OOOOCOCCOO 82H00000000 = inn :-O
Wisdom OOQOOO000000 focapaciatal O
goag0aqo0o0000 Monde
OO0O0000CO0 Willpower =e v:
Rank o000000cg000
E 2 OOQOO000000
SO SSS zy

‘om breed, auspice and tribe; Background: S; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 19/8/6 Gifts: 1 Level One tr

— A


Strength (+1)____
ww Dexterity (+2)
26 Stamina (+2)__

Appearance 0, Ma
Manipulation (-3)____ +1
Ivcrre Dauirium

1N HUMANS

Other Traits Fetishes

00000 Item: Level Gnosis
ooooo Power.

00000 item: Level Gnosis
o01010 Power.

oo0oo0 =
ooooo Item: Level Gnosis
ooooo Power.

00000 Item: Level Gnosis
ooooo Power.

ooooo

ooooo Rites —_--—=>——
ooooo
ooooo0
ooooo

Metis Deformity

FS nearer Weapon Roll | Difficulty | Damage | Range Rate ty >A] Brawling Chart

Maneuver Roll Ditt Damage
Bite Dex + Brawl 5 Strength + 1t
Body Slam Dex+Brawl 7 — Special

Dex + Brawl 6 Strength + 2t
Grapple Dex + Brawl 6 Strength

Ki Dex + Brawl 7 Strength
Punch Dex + Brawl 6 Strength
These Maneuvers do aggravated damage.


Index

A

Abilities 97
Abyss 197
Action Sequence 235
Actions 87, 233
Complex 234
Extended 87
Multiple 234
Resisted 87
Simple 233
Advantages 97
Aetherial Realm 197
Aggravated Wounds 217
Aging 220
Ahroun 114
Aimed Strike 242
Aiming 238
Alertness 129
Allies 134
Ambushes 236
Animal Attraction 253
Animal Ken 131
Animal Spirits 274
Antagonists 269
Appearance 127
Arcadia Gateway 197
Armbrusters 273
Armor 244
Athletics 129
Attributes 96, 126
Mental 128
Physical 126
Social 126
Auspice 96, 112
Automatic Successes 86
Awareness 257

B

Backgrounds 98, 134, 214
Balefire 220

Banes 61, 277

Battle Scars 220

Battle Scars Chart 221
Battleground 197

Bear (totem) 285
Black Furies 53, 115
Black Spiral Dancers 62, 271
Gifts 272
Blights 195
Bone Gnawers 53, 117
Botch 86
Brawl 129
Brawling 236
Brawling Chart 244
Breed 96, 109
Breeds 41
Homid 41, 110
Lupus 41, 112
Metis 41, 110
Broken Lands 196
Buffalo (totem) 286
Bunyip 57

(6

Caerns 42, 193
of the Wyrm 61
Caerns Chart 194
Camp 78
Celestines 58, 204
Changing Actions 237
Changing Breeds 39
Chaos Monitors 277
Chapter 84, 232
Character Creation 93
Chart 106
Example of 100
Mortals 101
Questions and Answers 103
Characters 27
Concept 95
Development 212
Charisma 126
Charms 205
Cheating 257
Children of Gaia 53, 117
Chimares 195
Chimera (totem) 286
Chronicle 71, 73, 84, 232
Cities 36
Climbing 247
Cockroach (totem) 286
Combat 236
in the Spirit World 244
Special Maneuvers 243

Combat Summary Chart 245
Complications 236

Gunfight 238

Chart 240

Melee & Brawling 241
Concolation. See also Moots
Conflict 75
Contacts 135
Coordinated Attacks 237
Cosmology 58
Cover 238
Cover Fire 238
Coyote (totem) 285
Crafts 131
Crescent Moon 113
Crinos 252
Critical Wounds 220
Croatan 57
Culture 133
Curse, The 222
Customs 254
Cyclones 277

D

Deformities, Metis 111

Delirium 28, 46, 223

Delirium Chart 224

Desert Winds 275

Dexterity 126

Dice 85

Difficulty 86

Disarm 242

Disconnection 199

Disease 219

DNA, Inc.. See Developmental
Neogenetics Amalgamated

Dodge 129

Dodging 237

Dominance 49

Dramatic Systems 246

Dream Catcher 282

Dream Zone 198

Drowning 219

Duels 238. See also Formal
Challenge

E

Electricity 219 ®
Elementals 276

Empathy 129


Endgame 28
Englings 276
Enigmas 133
Enigmatic Spirits 276
Enlightened Society of the
Weeping Moon 65
Epiphlings 276
Epiphs 195
Equipment 98
Erebus 197
Etiquette 131
Example of Play 263
Experience Chart 214
Experience Points 212
Awarding 213
Spending 214
Expression 130
Extreme Heat 219

F

Fae 66
Nunnehi 66
Falcon (totem) 285
Falling 218
Fanning 238
Fast-Talk 253
Feats of Strength 247
Chart 248
Fenris (totem) 286
Fetish 135
Fetishes 209, 282
Fianna 54, 118
Finishing Touches 98
Fire 219
Firearms 240
Firearms (Skill) 131
Firearms Chart 241
Firearms Complications Chart
240
First Times, The 192
Flank and Rear Attacks 242
Flux 197
Forgery 257
Forms 28
Freebie Points 98
Chart 107
Frenzy 28, 220
Moon 114
Gnarl 243

G

Gafflings 205
Gafflings, Animal 274
Gaia 58, 191, 202
Galliard 114
Gambling 257
Game Lingo 89
Gamecraft 257
Garou Rituals and Etiquette 258
Gauntlet, The 193
Geography 59
Get of Fenris 54, 119
Gibbous Moon 114
Gifts 28, 98, 137
Auspice 142
Ahroun 149
Galliard 148
Philodox 146
Ragabash 142
Theurge 144
Breed 139
Homid 139
Lupus 142
Metis 141
Name
Assimilation 140
Attunement 160
Aura of Confidence 159
Awe 161
Balance 161
Balance Man and Beast 146
Bald-Faced Lie 144
Balor's Gaze 154
Beast Speech 148, 157
Beast Witch 152
Beastmind 157
Bitter Wind 164
Bridge Walker 148
Burrow 141
Call of the Wyld 148
Call of the Wyrm 148
Call the Breeze 164
Call the Cannibal Spirit 165
Call the Four Brothers 164
Call to Arms 146
Calm 153
Calm the Flock 157
Carried on the Wind 143
Catfeet 142

Clap of Thunder 159
Clenched Jaw 150

Cloud of Night 163
Come Hither 148
Command Spirit 145
Commanding Voice 139
Control Simple Machine 156
Cornered Rat 152
Counting Coup 162
Create Element 141

Cry of the Killer 155
Curse of Hatred 141
Dazzle 153

Devil Talons 151
Disquiet 140

Distractions 148

Double Walker 157
Dreamspeak 148

Dust Squall 157

Dust Storm 164
Elemental Gift 142
Eminent Domain 160
Exorcism 145

Eye of the Hunter 157
Eyes of the Cat 141

Eyes of the Thunderbird 164
Fatal Flaw 159

Fenris Bite 156

Fist of the Winds 164
Flame of the Sun Dance 164
Flight of the Raven 163
Foe of the Wyrm 161
Freezing Night, The 165
Gaia's Balm 153

Gaia's Favor 161

Gaia's Resilience 160
Gaia's Vengeance 158
Gate of the Moon 160
Ghost Town 144

Gift of the Iron Horse 157
Gift of the Porcupine 141
Gift of the Spriggan 154
Gift of the Termite 152
Glass Talons 152

Glib Tongue 154
Gluttony 153

Gnaw 142

Grasp the Beyond 145
Halo of the Sun 153

Halt the Coward's Flight 155


Healing Breath of Mother
Gaia 151

Healing Sleep 142

Heart of Fury 149

Heart Twister 149
Heightened Senses 142
Hero's Stand 156

Hide in Plain Sight

143, 152, 160

Honor Bound 147
Honorable Death 156
Howl of the Banshee 154
Icy Chill of Despair 159
Inspiration 149

Iron Coat 156

Jackrabbit Jump 142

Jam Gun 139

King of the Beasts 146
Kneel 151

Leap the Chasm 160
Lord of the Wilds 142, 153
Luna's Armor 153, 159, 161
Luna's Blessing 144
Luna's Might 161
Madness 141

Man With No Name 143
Manifest the Vision 164
Mark of Shame 144
Mastery 161

Mastery of the Mortal Coil
162

Measured Step 162

Mend the Forked Tongue
146

Messenger's Fortitude 160
Might of Thor 155
Mindspeak 148

Mirage 154

Mold the Spirit 145
Mother's Touch 144, 153
Name the Spirit 145
Odious Aroma 152

Open Moon Bridge 144
Open Wounds 159

Part the Veil 140
Persuasion 139, 154
Preternatural Awareness 162
Primal Howl 157
Prospector's Luck 154
Pulse of the Invisible 145

Pulse of the Railroad 156
Quell the Storm 157
Quicksand 158

Rage at Shadows 162
Rage of Fenris 156

Rally to the Cause 146
Rattler's Bite 141

Razor Claws 149, 155
Reach the Umbra 160
Repel Metal 157

Reshape Object

140, 152, 154, 157
Resist Pain 146, 153
Resist Toxin 154

Roar of Vengeance 156
Roll Over 147

Run for Ground 152

Safe Haven 155
Sandstorm 158

Savage the Mind 145
Scent of Running Water 142
Scent of Sight 142

Scent of the True Form 146
Sense Medicine 163
Sense of the Prey 151
Sense Silver 149

Sense the Tunneler's Passage
163

Sense the Unnatural 142
Sense Weaver 156

Sense Wyrm

141, 145, 151, 160, 161
Serenity 153

Shadow Cutting 159
Shadow Pack 159
Shadows by the Fire Light
148

Share the Wolf's Skin 159
Sight from Beyond 145
Silver Claws 149, 161
Singleness of Purpose 162
Sky Running 165

Song of Rage 148

Song of the Great Beast 142
Song of the Seasons

151, 164

Song of the Storm 149
Speed of Thought 160
Spider's Song 143

Spirit Drain 145

Spirit Friend 153
Spirit of the Fray 149
Spirit Ripper 151
Spirit Speech 145
Spirit Ward 140
Spirits of Decay 165
Staredown 140
Stoking Fury's Furnace 150
Stone Soup 152
Strength of the Dominator
159
Strength of Will 150
Sun Dance 150
Survivor 153
Thieving Talons 144
Threads of the Weaver 161
Tornado Rider 165
Totem Gift 141
Trackless Waste 158
Trick Shot 149
True Fear 149
Truth of Gaia 146
Vision of True Spirit 162
Walk under the New Moon
143
Walk Unseen 164
Wall of Granite 147
Warp-Fury 154
Wasp Talons 151
Weave of Steel 140
Whelp the Insolent 161
Windrunner 160
Winter Frost 165
Wisdom from the Heavens
162
Wisdom of the Ancient Ways
146
Wither Limb 141
Wounding Lies 159
Wyldstorm 152

Tribal 151
Black Furies 151
Bone Gnawers 152
Children of Gaia 153
Fianna 154
Get of Fenris 155
Tron Riders 156
Red Talons 157 »
Shadow Lords 159

Silent Striders 160


Q

Quick-Draw 239
R

Ragabash 113

Rage 98, 180, 214
Gaining and Regaining 182

Rage Rolls 222

Railroads 37

Range 239

Ranged Weapons 236

Rank 98, 180
Advancing 215

Rat (totem) 286

Ratings 85

Rattlesnake (totem) 287

Red Talons 54, 121

Reloading 239

Renown 98, 179, 214
Gaining 214
Losing 215
Permanent, Gaining 215
Permanent, Losing 215
Temporary, Gaining 215
Temporary, Losing 215

Renown Awards Chart 225

Renown Chart 229

Renown Rolls 180

Renunciation 216

Repairs 250

Research 258

Resources 137

Ride 132

Riding 250

Rites 137, 166
Brand of Honor 177
Facing the Final Journey 176
Moot Rite 169
Rite of Accomplishment 177
Rite of Binding 173
Rite of Caern Building 170
Rite of Cleansing 168
Rite of New Territory 172
Rite of Ostracism 175
Rite of Passage 177
Rite of Reconciliation 168
Rite of Renunciation 168
Rite of Summoning 173

Rite of Talisman Dedication
173

Rite of the Equinox 177

Rite of the Fetish 174

Rite of the Homeland 172

Rite of the Opened Bridge 170
Rite of the Opened Caern 169

Rite of the Totem 174
Sanction of Dishonor 175
Seam Between Worlds 175
The Trodden Track 170
Wake Rite 172

Rites Chart 168

Rites, Enacting 167

Rites, Learning 167

Rites, Minor 178

Rituals 134

Roleplaying 26

Rules 83

Ss

Scene 84, 232

Science 134

Search 259

Seduction 255

Sept 53

Setting 72

Severing, The 192

Shadow Lords 55, 121

Shadowing 251

Shapeshifting 251

Silent Striders 55, 122

Silver 219

Silver Bullets 239

Silver Fangs 56, 123

Skills 97, 131

Skin Walkers 280

Sneaking 253

Society 39

Specialties 98, 126

Spirit Axe 283

Spirit Gates 199

Spirit Tracks 200

Spirit Whistle 283

Spirit World, The. See also

Umbra, The

Spirits 201, 245, 274
Communication 208
Movement 208

Stag (totem) 285

Stamina 126

Staredowns 255

Stargazers 56, 123

Stealth 132

Stepping Sideways 192, 198
Chart 199

Storm Eater 63, 203, 204

Storm-Born 205

Story 84, 232

Storyteller 26, 69, 94, 104

Storyteller Hints 78

Storytelling 26

Strength 126

Stress 260

Stunning 238

Subterfuge 131

Suffocation 219

Summer Country 198

Supernaturals 65

Survival 132

Swindling 256

T

Talens 209, 283
Talents 97, 129
Taunt 244
Teamwork 87
Telegraph 36
Tellurian 191
Texas Tarantulas 281
Theme 71
Theurge 113
Throwing 248
Time 84, 232
Timeline 40
Totem 137
Tracking 260
Traits 85, 109
Spirits' 205
Triat 58, 202
Tribe 96
Black Furies 53, 115
Bone Gnawers 53, 117
Children of Gaia 117
Fianna 118
Get of Fenris 119
Iron Riders 120
Red Talons 121


Shadow Lords 121
Silent Striders 122
Silver Fangs 123
Stargazers 123
Uktena 124
Wendigo 125
Tribes 53, 114
Lost 56
Trick Shots 240
Trick Shots Chart 240
Turn 84, 232
Turtle Necklace 282
Two Guns 240

U

Uktena 56, 124, 125
Uktena (totem) 287

Umbra 190
Umbral Storms 196
Umbral Travel 199
Unicorn (totem) 287

v

Vampires 65

Veil, The 224
Vengeance-spirits 275
Vision Interpretation 261

Ww

War Bow 283
Warpers 276
Weaver 58, 202
Weaver-spirits 277
Webs 195

Wendigo 56, 125

Wendigo (totem) 286

Wendigo (Vengeance-spirit) 275

White Howlers 56, 217

Willpower 98, 183, 214
Recovering 185
Using 184

Wire Hoppers 277

Wisdom 180

Wits 128

Wolves 35

Wraiths 65

Wyld 58, 202

Wyldlings 195, 277

Wyrm 58, 203

Wyrm Clouds 281

Wyrm-Rides 222

Wyrm-Winds 278




A Storytelling Game of =
Horror in Times Past =

Blood's been spilled on these plains by the gallon. =
The humans, our families, are killingeachother. = ~~
Blue fights-Gray, Red tussles with White —
And then there's us:

soe sun burns pretty hot by day.
> That's all right
We wi even hotter, down inside.
And when the sweet moon'shines down by night,

oe There's no fort.or camp so strong they can keep us out.

We run of wolf-paws faster than any horse. a
"s We're stronger than the buffalo, deadlier than the rattlesnake.
ee ~ We walk the.spirit-paths between this world and the next.

We can't be killed by lead nor flint.
"We are the favored-ones.

There's a storm-thundering on the other side of the sunset,
And there's something coming to eatit.

= Ir have to get through us first.

ISBN 1-56504-340-5
Www3700
$28.00 U.S.

| IN |

| <gne r 1 00 "
GLARKSTON, GA 3UU a
i | 0 | Fan
9 UU 0 % =
