# File: Wild West - Companion.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

- = A ‘Sourcebook for ;
-Werewolf: "The Wild west:


By Brad Butkovich, Jackie Cassada,
Ben Chessel, Lon Franson, Brian Glass,
Michael Lee, Robert Martin, Aileen E. Miles,
James A. Moore, Devin Parker and Fred Yelk


Peres

SR

Credits Special Thanks to:

Authors: Brad Butkovich, Jackie Cassada, Ben Chessel, Rich "You Are God" Dansky, for making me under-

Lon Franson, Brian Glass, Michael Lee, Robert Scott stand what power is good for.
Martin, Aileen E. Miles, James A. Moore, Devin Parker

and Fred Yelk Ethan "Patience of the Saints" Skemp, for answering
Developers: Ed Hall with Justin Achilli and Ethan every dumb-ass development question I had.
Skemp
Editor: Allison Sturms Brad "That's Not a Battle, That's a Massacre"
{ Art Director: Lawrence Snelly Butkovich, for his generous assists on historicity.

Artists: James Daly, Dave Fooden, Tom Fowler, Darren
Frydendall, Jeff Holt, Fred Hooper, Brian Leblanc, Rob- Allison "Happy, Fruity, Evil" Sturms, for being (truly)
ert Macneil, Jeff Parker, Steve Prescott easily amused.

Y Front Cover: Brian LeBlanc
Back Cover: Ron Spencer Carl "The Wonder Slug" Bowen, for having such
Layout and Typesetting: Jeff Holt sharp eyes on the ends of those long stalks.

Courtney "Geography Lesson" King, for knowing
her Great Lakes.

veal 735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
ek surc0s

CLARISTON, GA 3000
USh

CAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, World of
Darkness, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf
the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Trinity, The Wild
West Companion, Bastet and Rage Across the World are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or prod-
uct in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or

copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA


Table of Contents

Introduction

Chapter One: The Savage West

Chapter Two: The Storm Umbra

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character

Chapter Four: The Well-Armed Storyteller

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails

42

56

108



CLE LR PL

"Companion" is an odd name for this book.
The picture that it paints of the Savage West as

a whole is, frankly, not very companionable at
all. Enemies of the Garou seem to be lurking
behind every tumbleweed or always gathering
force just on the other side of the Gauntlet here.
There are no blue skies or singing cowboys on this
frontier, but that's why you need a frontier com-
panion — forewarned is forearmed.

The information in these pages is usable for
players and Storytellers alike. A player who
chooses to read this book cover to cover, how-
ever, should keep in mind that

ning

information about the Savage West or its deni-
zens is not the same as having her character

possess or learn that same information. The fact
that Werewolf: The Wild West is not set in the
modern world means characters in the game
have an understanding of the way the world
works that is quite different from our own. A
player should decide whether her character
would reasonably know the things she gets
from this book and what they would mean to
the character.

So what's in here that people can read, only to
pretend that they haven't? Glad you asked:


OX

Chapter One:

The Savage West offers a thoroughly opin-
ionated view of the frontier as the Garou know
it, courtesy of Laughing Manyskins, the possi-
bly familiar Nuwisha trickster (sorry, that's
redundant). There are several lengthy sidebars
of "objective" history, too.

Chapter Two:

The Storm Umbra addresses the turbulent
spirit world of the Savage West. It discusses the
varieties of "weather" that exist beyond the
Gauntlet, how they affect the physical world,
ways to track them down if you want to, and
how to escape them when you have to.

Chapter Three:

The Fleshed-Out Character includes Mer-
its and Flaws, new Gifts, tribal weaknesses and
Natures and Demeanors.


aN

AN
&

eS

Chapter Four:

The Well-Armed Storyteller provides back-
ground on the Storm-Born, whoare the terrible
progeny of the Storm-spirits that stalk the
Savage West. Italsocontainsa frontier bestiary
(with stats), filled with creatures familiar and
otherwise. Finally, there's a set of mass-combat
tules, in case your game somehow is falling
short on bloodshed.

Chapter Five:

The Wanderers of Other Trails covers
several of the Changing Breeds, the Cascara

(better known as Abominations) and a lost
Garou bloodline, the Infeliz.

Finally, two movies you should see:
Barbarosa, Fred Schepisi's 1982 masterpiece
about the costs of living up to your own
legend; and Blazing Saddles, Mel Brooks' 1974
comedy that contains an uncomfortable
amount of truth about the Old West. If it's
been a while since you last saw this film,
watch it again — its lessons about history are
subversive and telling.

\

Introduction 7

OOOOON

SEES ASSESSES |



Le) TT

\ IS C
eal

Montana Mourning

I looked at the body lying in the remaining shade and
felt close to tears. I know how stupid it sounds, getting
misty-eyed about a dog, but he'd all but been a member
of the family. Now something had come along and torn
poor Caesar apart. Not that he'd died without a struggle.
There was a lot of blood on his muzzle, and I could see
pieces of meat and tatters of fur stuck between his teeth.

Marion wasn't going to be happy, not the least little
bit. She'd brought the dog with her when we moved
from Connecticut, and he was all that remained of her
life before she foolishly agreed to become my wife.

I thought about Marion foramomentas! leaned over the
remains of ourdog. Notaday wentby that I didn'tthank God
above for my wife, for her sweet smile, her beautiful blue eyes
and the long waves of black hair that framed her angelic face.
I loved her then and I love her now.

Looking back on the whole sorry affair, I guess it was
my doing that killed her. I was the one who wanted to
start a new life in Montana, not her. She'd have been
content to live the rest of her life in New England, but
I needed to escape from the world I knew and find
something better, something I could call mine.

I sighed heavily, moved away from Caesar's lifeless
form and pulled the blanket from under Morning Glory's
saddle. I needed something to carry the body with; she'd
want to see him one last time before I buried his
wretched form. I found something else when I moved
his sagging body. I looked at the metallic gleam of the
blade and quickly hid it in the saddlebags on my horse.

All the way back to the house I thought about what
could have done that old dog so wrong, and I must
confess I shed a few more tears, though I assured myself
again and again that it was only the dusty wind causing
my eyes to water. Still, I'd avenge him. What was mine
was mine, and I meant to keep it.

Marion took one look at Caesar's body and very
quietly asked me to bury him by the oak tree near the
well. Part of me marveled over her self-control, but most

as

of me wept for the loss of her sweet innocence, stolen in
bits and pieces over the last two years.

We'd left Connecticut around the same time the War
Between the States started heating up. I had no desire to
fire on another man in a fury over something that just
plain didn't affect me. I knew in my heart that slavery


ron

was wrong, and | knew in my soul that walking away
from the war would shame me in my father's eyes, but I
couldn't bring myself to stay. What if I died in the war?
What would happen to Marion then? I'm not a coward,
but I'm nota man who's willing to die fighting someone
else's battles, either.

The trip to Montana wasn't exactly pleasant, but I
reckon a bullet through my eye could have been even
less comfortable. We rode with seven other families
moving to the West — all hoping to find what we were
missing. One family turned around after a few weeks,
but the rest of us endured. The group wasn't happy with
merely getting to Montana and settling on a nice piece
of land, though. We felt the need to find the very best
land we could, and doing so wasn't quite as hard as most
would think. There was land aplenty, and I found a
place I could call home after only a few weeks of
searching. There wasa river with deep banks and several
rolling hills. These riverbanks were deep enough to let
me know I wouldn't have to worry too much about
floods, and the hills afforded some protection from the

hot winds blowing out of the west. I figured I could be
comfortable enough in that ripe land to not worry while
I was building our home.

I didn't ask Marion how she felt about the place; she
was my wife and I knew she'd abide by my choices. I also
didn't think to ask why someone else hadn't already
claimed such a fine piece of land. As I said, there was
land to spare.

The house took time, but Marion was patient. I saw
the distant look in her eyes and knew she missed her
home, but I knew as well that she'd come around in
time. I had the homestead finished just in time for
Marion to tell me she was with child. Fora while, all my
concerns faded. I worked at clearing the fields and made
a damn fool of myself treating my wife as if she were
made of delicate china. | looked at her and saw the
mother of my child, and if she seemed a little paler than
usual, well, that was just because she was expecting. I
kept telling myself that again and again — words to
protect myself from my growing fears.

Not much later, I discovered there were Indians in
the area. We had a few tense days after I first saw them
and they saw us, but it all worked out well enough in the
end. We left them alone and they returned the favor.

When the winds from the west started getting colder,
I was grateful for the stove we'd brought with us from
Connecticut. New England gets cold, make no mistake
about that, but the chill in eastern air can always be held
at bay by the fire in the hearth and by what blankets you
can wrap around yourself. The cold in Montana, however,

xXx

is a deeper, harsher thing, almost sinister. The ancient
forests of New England weren't there to stop those damn
winds cutting across the plains and shearing through
every opening, no matter how narrow. By November's
end, Marion had a cough that wouldn't leave her alone.
By February, she'd lost the child who should have been
heir to all we tried to make. From then on, her smile
faded to nonexistence, and the mischievous light in her
eyes I'd always found so endearing had flickered briefly
and expired. The women from the other farms all paid
their respects, and the men did their part, too by helping
me dig a grave in the worst part of winter. The ground
gave very slowly, and the cold numbed our hands and bit
deeply into any bared bit of flesh.

Still, I was a man on a quest to make a better life, and
I told myself the sorrow would fade. It took time, but
Marion seemed more her old self than she had in months
by the time spring came around. The crops I'd planted
were thrusting from the ground, with delicate green
tendrils that reached for the sun and drank deep from its
warmth. The air was sweet and clear, and despite our
hardships, life went on. It was the dog that brought her
around. After so long stuck in the snow and bitter cold,
Caesar's exuberance over the rebirth of the land was
infectious. He'd run for hours, chasing anything that
came too close and even checking on the cattle I pur-
chased — once he figured out what they were and that
they wouldn't eat him whole. Marion caught her old
enthusiasm again like a flower in the sunlight, and she
shone with color and vitality. I looked on, happy for the
change in my beloved, all the while mending the winter's
damage to the fences and patching the places where the
house had failed to withstand the storms and cold.

Everything began to curdle when the Anderson farm
burned to the ground. They'd been our closest neighbors
in the little valley we called home. There were no
survivors. Marion was friends with Amelia Anderson. I
joined the rest of the men to help bury the burnt remains.

Three weeks later, the cows died. The ones | owned
and everyone else's, too, were torn apart savagely.
Whatever killed them worked quickly and waited to
strike until I'd moved them to the far pasture. I never
heard the sounds of their dying, probably because of the
hills that block the worst of the winds.

It was two nights ago when I sent Caesar out after
something howling in the woods at the edge of the farm.
Marion begged me not to, but I felt | had no choice. If
something was out there, we could get killed, unless the
dog could protect us. When he didn't come home, I
spent the entire next day looking for him. He was, after
all, all but a member of the family.

Wild West Companion


OI

FEEL

A full day later I found him in the sorry state | already
described to you. After I showed him to Marion and
buried him, I gathered my rifle and rode to Silas
Johanssen's farm. I showed him what I'd found when I
located the dog's remains. It was a knife — something I
hadn't dared to show Marion, and one that I'd seen on
Albert Anderson's hip more than once as we took our
turns at tending the herd. Someone had wrapped the
blade's hilt in different leather, and there were several
trinkets woven into the handle's grip, but I recognized
the knife for all of that. Silas did, too.

He shook his head and said, "Wendigo." I nodded,
vas right. I'm only Kinfolk, but Silas is full
Garou, just as Albert had been. I guessed that maybe the
local Indians weren't all that friendly after all, and
Johanssen mumbled his agreement. He asked if I'd
brought any silver bullets with me, and I said that I had.
Silas said the time had come to putan end to any threats,
and I reckoned he was right. I waited patiently while he
changed, growing larger and far more savage. Then he

certain he

howled a sound that cut through the spring air and
echoed off the distant hills. In a few minutes, there were
answering calls, and not long after, the pack showed up
— towering beasts, some Fianna and some Get of Fenris.
All of them were eager for conflict.

The time had come to go to war after all, but at least
I believed in this war. I was ready for the consequences
of my actions and for any death I might cause. What was
mine was mine, and I meant to keep it. As sure as my
name is Robert S. Haight, I was ready.

Life in the West
{as Interpreted by
Laughing
Manyskins)

Despite all of the settlers' efforts to "civilize" the areas
where they set themselves up, there's always somebody
who'd rather see them move somewhere else. The sad
fact of the matter is that might tends to make right out
west, and for settlers to keep what they claim often
requires firearms and a good deal of resolve.

The towns and communities in the territories serve as
mutual protection for the settlers as well as for their
homes. Everyone needs protection from time to time,
and that defense is easier when there are 30 or more
other people who'll come running at the sound of an
alarm. The fact that somebody soon sets up a mercan-
tile, a saloon or a bathhouse is just a sign that there's


SR

OX

always someone willing to make a fast dollar. So it goes,
a few people gather together and settle into whatever
area seems nice enough, and the next thing you know
there's a town creeping up.

Once the town's in place, it's short work to find
someone who'll decide they can do as they damn well
please, so long as they've got a pistol in one hand and
a shot of rye in the other. Bullets fly and another
enterprising soul starts making money by planting
dead folk up on the hill. Several level heads get
together and decide there ought to be someone to
make sure the laws of civilized people are upheld, and
then there's a sheriff looking everything over. Who

takes his place after some fool shoots him in the face is
anyone's guess, but it's likely some scalawag who ain't
willing to do any real work.

There was a long stretch of time when that was
about as civilized as it got, but that's all changing.
There're more people coming west these days. Some of
'em are looking to make a fortune, some of 'em are
ts. Either way, the
end result is the same, so move over and make room for

looking to get away from their pz

your new neighbors.

Funny thing about people: The more you gather
together, the less likely they are to behave themselves
like the civilized people they all pretend to be. They
start havin' land disputes and arguments about who
has the rights to do what.

Take the ance. They set their cows
out on a field and make sure the dumb beasts have

ttlemen, frin:

enough food and water, then they make sure no lowdown
varmints try to take what they claim as their own. But
you just watch what happens when they run across a
sheep-raising family. One look at those sheep and these
"civilized" men lose all rational thought. That grass on
the hill is meant for cattle, not for any damn wool-
bearing creature that's gonna crop it so low that it won't
grow back again. All talk of good Christian values and
charity goes straight down the outhouse hole right
about then. Perfectly friendly folk grab up guns and
explain the facts of life to those sheep people, and then
they help them right on out of the territory. Anyone
who ain't willing to listen is invited to meet the under-
taker, or if times've been lean, the local cattlemen treat
themselves to some mutton instead of beef for a change
of pace. Fair is fair and right is right, just so longs proper
values don't get too inconvenient.

Why would anyone move from where they have kin
and come out west? Well, now, that ain't so hard to
figure out. I've known a few people who couldn't stand

Wild West

their kin one way or the other. They'd sooner shoot
em than spend time with ‘em. Hell, most of my own
family feels that way about me, which is one of the
reasons I've traveled all over the Land. There's other
reasons besides that one, though. Ain't there always?

I've known settlers who came out this way to finda
new life 'cause the ones they left behind weren't so
great to look at. Try workin' in one of them great big
factories in the East sometime, sweating like two horny
prairie dogs stuck inside a wet sock for 12 hours a day
and maybe makin' enough to buy a loaf of bread when
you're done. That's almost sure to make you want a
change of pace. Some people run from that sort of life,
figurin' anything's got to be better. Mostly, I suspect
they're right about that. Seems the Europeans believe
in two types of people: The haves and the have-nots.
If you're nota have, I reckon the best thing to do is start
all over where nobody knows that you're a have-not.

It's costly movin' west. Make no mistake about that.
I've heard plenty of them eastern folk whining about
how much they had to give up so's they could have a go
at a new life out this way. Sell your house, sell your
furniture and sell anything else you ain't taking with
you, and it might be enough to hire a guide worth the
trouble and to get a wagon worth a damn loaded down
with supplies for the trip. That's another thing about
the Europeans from the : They can't live without
their food already waiting for the next six months or
so. Me? I've just taken what I need as I needed it.
Coyote provides, though he can be a mite on the stingy
side when he wants to. Hell, just look at me, I'm
nothin' but skin and bone.

What's that? Oh, yeah there's plenty of other rea-
sons. Most of 'em involve getting away with one thing
or another. There's plenty of them dark-skinned folk
that the round eyes brought here to work as slaves. A
lot of them don't take well to that "life." Some of 'em
figure they're better off dead or free, and they take their
chances. Even more since some of those states to the
east decided it weren't right to have slaves. There's
people from both sides of that war who figure they'd
rather just move out here where the fighting ain't so
bad. Plenty more who figure if a few people could find
gold in California, they can find more if they just start
digging. I guess there's always people who'll sacrifice
everything if they think they can get something more
in the bargain. It's part of human nature. Lotsa folks

already out here figure the best way to handle an ugly
situation is to leave it in the dust. There's lotsa reasons
for moving toward the sunset.

Companion
0


LER POP

The People of the
Savage West

Our ranch business was going as smooth as that kind of work
did in those days, when a band of Comanche Indians attacked our
place one night and swiped seventy of our horses. We got on our
horses and trailed them to six miles north of San Angelo; here's
where the skirmish began, we sure had a bloody fight; Ray,
Thompson and four of our other boys were killed. The Negro
soldiers from Fort Concho were called in to help us and sixty of
them were killed. The Indians were happy over killing the so-
called Buffalo Soldiers (meaning Negro soldiers). Johnson was
commander at the fort at this time. We killed a good many
Indians; we never knew how many. We rounded our horses and
got them ready to return to the ranch when the Indians made
another attack and got fifty of our horses. During the skirmish I
got shot in the hip with an arrow

I just didn't figure there were so many kinds of folks who'd find
those reasons appealing. Look at the Europeans, by all means,
but then look at all the other folks moving in on the territory too

— Mr. Daniel Boone Sinclaire, Jr., from a collection of
personal letters

They say the winners in any

var get to write the history,
so I reckon most everything peop

e in the future read about
the West will say the Europeans managed everything on
their own. They sure do talk like it's true already.

But that just ain't the way it is, not now and not ever.
First, there's the Pure Ones to consider. We've been here for
a long time, and we managed well enough without the
people from Europe. We just don't need as much to be
comfortable as they do, I reckon. I was talking with a Get of
Fenris, name of Brandt-Kills-the-Foolish, the other night at
Hubie's Saloon. He probably would've never talked to me if
I'd looked like my own self, but Coyote gave me certain
talents and | use them to my advantage. Anyway, this giant
snow-haired brute goes on and on talking about how he and
his have a sacred mission to make the world safe for Gaia and
to destroy the Wyrm wherever it may hide itself. | reasoned
that was a fine goal, but what of the people already here?
Already protecting the Land? He laughed at that, and he
pointed out they couldn't even fight back against the hu-
mans coming over from Europe. What match would they be
for a real threat?

Listening to that Get made me think of a preacher who
came to my village when I was young. He spoke about his god
and heard our medicine man speak of our gods and was
shocked. Later that preacher brought soldiers who shot at

everyone around them and left many dead when they were
finished. One of the elders asked the preacher why he
betrayed us after we'd given him food and shelter. That

preacher looked shocked again. He got this angry sort of

Sn

=}


ZLLL,

SSSSSSN To

scowl on his face and said he had to do it to save our poor,
heathen souls. Less than a month later, there was a new fort
where my people had been, and the soldiers were ready to
shoot anyone who came too close to the gates.

Thad to think about what that preacher did for a long time
before I finally understood what he meant. I think he even
fooled himself into believing he was right, but what he really
meant was it's okay to take what you want, so long as you can
justify your reasons. His people wanted the land for a new fort.
He used our beliefs as an excuse to take that land. After the fort
was established, he sometimes went out and tried to explain his
god to my people. We didn't want to hear more of his lies.

That Get of Fenris says his people came here to save us from
the Wyrm. Well, the Wyrm wasn't showing up too much before
his people came along. But you go ahead and try to explain that
to him or his if you like. Me? I'll just sit back and watch.

What's that? What did I do to that Get of Fenris? Nothing.
Except I bought him another beer. I got no quarrel with the Get.
They are what they are. As for me, you shouldn't make too much
of what I say. I lie and I exaggerate. It's what I am and what I've
always been. I don't mean that all the Europeans come west with
that attitude. Very few of them do. Most of them crossed the
ocean to the Pure Lands same as they're running west now,
hoping to find something better. They all think the air is sweeter
on the other side of the mountain. Maybe they're right. I've seen

every mountain in this land, and some just seem nicer. But
wherever they go, they have to bring their homes with them. It's
like they don't know how to build things all new. Or maybe they
just don't like doing the extra work.

It's only after they get themselves settled that the troubles
begin. Suddenly, what they worked so hard for is more
important than what someone else worked hard for. And
suddenly, they were here first, and they have the right to
defend themselves.

I have never seen people so anxious to have a fight or so
willin' to keep shooting after the situation's been resolved.
Stranger still, they turn and help each other at the drop of a
hat. "Burned your barn down? Be right there with all my spare
lumber and a few extra things besides. Your wife broke her
hip? Well, don't you fret none, my Emma will be right over to
She'll cook you up some
They all take turns trying
to see who can be the most generous.

tend to your house and little ones.

fine food while your woman hea!

Course they usually take a few months to know each
other 'fore they get anywhere near that friendly.

And that friendship don't often go to people with a
different skin color. They fight the Pure Ones 'cause we
tend to live where they want to live. Then they get upset
when we fight back. Now don't you go thinkin' all that
fightin's been one-sided 'cause it ain't been that way at
all. Lotsa our people take offense when you push 'em,

and then they feel obliged to push back a lot harder, and
a lot more often. Some of the nations make a point of
fighting the settlers at the drop of a hat, not that I can
blame em too much. If somebody killed my brothers
and raped my daughters before killing them, I'd be a
mite put out about it, too. Difference is, I try to find the
humor in everything. Even in their military.
= =

Military Life

They're real big on soldiers. Don't much matter what
sort of uniform they wear, if the soldiers have the right
colors on their clothes, they get treated right special.
Might be because them boys is so helpful, but I've seen
some very scared folks waving politely when the cavalry
comes through a town. I've also seen some mighty mean
soldiers come along, the sort that'd shoot you as soon as
smile. I guess having that much influence makes them
soldiers feel powerful after a time — so powerful they
sometimes end up givin' themselves over to the Wyrm.
But that ain't what we were talkin' about.

I guess they're just people. But some of 'em act like
they walk at the right side of their god. Some of 'em like
to think they've earned the right to whatever they want
just 'cause they have to fight us savages and make the
Land safe for good Christians. Though I notice that
don't always hold true for sheep farmers.

But, they do work hard. They go off dressed in their
uniforms, likely sweating enough to water crops, and
then they don't come back for months at a time. They
only come around again when they need supplies. If
there's Indians to be found, they look long and hard to
find'em. And when the time comes, they shoot'em full
of lead. ‘Course, there's a few that don't take to being
shot, so they lose a few soldiers now and again. Most
soldiers ain't even old enough to shave, but they go out
there and fight like they're told to fight. Between the
Pure Ones, the people down Mexico way, the soldiers on
the other side of their Civil War and the outlaws they
have to hunt down, they doa lot of fighting. They follow
their orders and they move around all the time.

Some of the better ones even live long enough to
retire, or to settle themselves out this way. Some of the
lesser ones, or those who just can't take what they're
supposed to do, run away from the army. They tend not
to stay in places where people might find them. But if
you know where to look, and I do, they can be downright
useful for learning things about the army.

All can tell you for certain is I wouldn't like to lead
the lives they do. I have done so from time to time, when
it suited my needs, but I never liked it. Up at the crack
of dawn, breaking down your tent and reloading your

14 Wild West Companion


KO

supplies. Then, if there's food left, you get a quick
breakfast and you get on the move. If there ain't any
food left, you hope you've still got some dried meat and
bread stashed with your belongings. After a hard day of
ridin' on a horse, you get to take care that your animal
is well-fed and groomed, then set up camp all over again.
The only break in the routine is a chance to shoot at
whatever enemy you're supposed to be after and the
occasional town with a whorehouse, bathhouse or bar.
Thad to leave after just a couple of weeks. The smell from
those boys got to be too much and I felt sick.

Mind you, the ones I met with were European, so they
got treated well. You should meet up with the Buffalo
Soldiers sometime. What's that? No, they don't ride on
buffalo. We call them that because their hair is like a
buffalo's. It's tight and curly and dark. The Buffalo Soldiers
get all the dirtiest work, and they almost always get sent
after Pure Ones who won't play by the white man's rules.
They normally end up hunting down what they want to
eat, and they often eat buffalo because it's plentiful.

Atthe end of the Civil War, Congress authorizes two
all-black cavalry regiments and four all-black infantry
regiments for the U.S, Army. But even before that time,
during the Civil War, there is the all-black 54th Massa-

setts, a fighting body trained and led by Colonel
Robert Gould Shaw, a white officer. The 54th suffers
heavy losses in an attempt to take Fort Wagner in South'
Carolina. Although their effort is unsuccessful, the
attempt proves the potential for using black soldiers.

The label "Buffalo Soldiers" comes from Native
Americans, who compared the hair and skin tone o}
these opponents to that of the buffalo. The 9thand 10th

avalry régiments come together in 1866 and serve
primarily to fight against Indians in areas where the
Native Americans were being "hostile" to the settlers.
The cavalrymen of the 9th and 10th regiments encoun-
ter plenty.of racial tension, both from civilians and from
many army officers, but these soldiers continue doing
battle against the Indians throughout the Great Plains,
Colorado, Texas and most ofthe Southwest. All told,
just under 210,000 exeslaves and freemen serve in the
Union Army. Almost 69,000 of them die in battle, asa
result of wounds inflicted during combat of from dis-
fease, between the end of the Civil War and the final
battle of Wounded Knee in 1890. Despite the origin of
the Buffalo Soldiers' name, the troops took to the title
proudly; the regimental crest of the 10th Cavalry was, in

fact, a buffalo.

ila

It ain't that all the soldiers are bad, but when you're
on the wrong side of the war, it sure can look that way.
Often as not, all it takes to get a group of soldiers ready
for a fight against the Pure Ones is an accusation that
one of us took a shine to one of their women. Just like
that we go from "poor heathen bastards" to "murderous,
rapin' heathen bastards." All they need's the flimsiest
excuse and the Army comes riding into wherever we
might be set up, ready to kill us all.

Let me tell you something. I don't mind a fair fight.
I'm kinda fond of a good bloodlettin' from time to time,
but fair don't mean coming into a village at the crack of
dawn with torches burning and rifles ready. That hap-
pens too often for my taste.

Either way, I don't like the souvenirs some of these
bastards go away with. I met a man not more than a
month ago who seemed okay to me. We got to chewin'
the fat, and he got to braggin' about the "savage women"
he'd tamed with his manhood. Well, like I said before,
I don't mind a fight, but there's somethin' wrong about
that. Still, I figured to let it go cause he had information
I needed. Mind you, at that particular moment, I was
dressed up right and proper in a gamblin' man's clothes,
and my skin wasa tad paler than his, so I reckon [seemed
just fine in his book.

We got into a discussion of the differences between
European women and Pure One women. | explained that
I've always preferred to have a willing partner and he
pointed out that, "Injuns ain't really people at all, just
slightly smarter than dogs and better lookin' from time to
time." Right around that time, he offered me a cigarette,
and he started rolling one for himself. I was gonna say yes
until I noticed the tobacco pouch he was using. The
pouch was made from what looked like fine leather, but
the shape was strange. When | mentioned that, he
proudly pointed out that he'd made it from the left breast
of a "squaw who didn't feel it was the right time for
romance." He had taken her breast to make his point, but
because he was feelin' charitable, he left her alive.

We discussed the matter long enough for me to know
that he was talking about my cousin, who now has twin
sons from their night together. After I'd finished my drink
and said my good nights, I waited for him outside. I was
feelin' merciful, so I left him alive. But! gave his penis and
his tongue to my cousin. This proud fellow w:
when he raped my kin. I don't think he's much of
anything but a beggar these day
for that particular crime, but there weren't no witnesses
and I was wearing a different skin at the time anyway.

s a soldier

I'm wanted in Nebraska

All of the soldiers ain't that bad, but sometimes it's
hard to tell the good ones from the nasty ones. | just kill
‘em when the mood strikes me.

Chapter One: The Savage West 15


The Farming Life

Farmers are a special sort of folk. It takes a lot of hard
work anda love of the Land to make a goat living their
way. They have my respect, and most | know won't
bother farm people unless they do something stupid.
I've seen a lot of strong men and women fall to their

knees from exhaustion as the sun went down and get
right back up with the sunrise to go back to working
their fields.

Lot of these people spent everything they had to get
their land and to build their new homes. Then they
work the ground and break themselves pullin' the big
rocks out of the earth and cutting the Land so they can
put down seeds and grow what they want. Lots of
people get bitter from that sort of work, but most of the

farmers seem content with their lot.

In my travels, I've had a chance to stay at many
farms. Most people are hospitable, and they'll find you
a place where you can sleep and grant you a meal and
a ladle or two of their hard-earned well water without
a single complaint. Most the time, | stay for an extra
day if the weather looks like I can pay them back with
a little help in the fields, and you'd think I was one of
their Christian saints by the gratitude they expre

They work hard and they fight against the Wyrm
despite how they treat the Land. When the winter
for

comes and the fields die, they prepare themselves
when the ground awakens again, and they live off the
foods they've nurtured from the Land.

*Least the good ones do. There's some whose farms
seem to do very well in the worst places, who manage

to grow fat while those around them starve. Some of
them farmers serve the Wyrm, and when I pass them,
I make sure to note where they are so I can tell the right
people about what these folks've got buried in the

ground and what they use for fertilizer. The Wyrm is
partial to those who nourish the soil with death and
offer their neighbors
in exchange for a
good crop.

The Cattlemen

They call themselves "cattle barons" and act as if
they're doing the world a favor simply by existin'. They
raise their cows and bulls, turn out milk and meat for the
Europeans and hire dozens of men to work for them
while they sit back and reap the rewards. They are hard,
bitter men who believe they have the right to take land
from others in order to feed their animal herds.

I don't understand the way these people think. Earth

Mother gave us the buffalo and said, "These are for you.
Eat what you need and leave the rest in peace." And we
complied, grateful for the food we received. The Euro-
peanscome, see the buffalo and kill them by the hundreds.
Then they replace them with their cows and eat the

cattle, while leavin' the buffalo to rot.

For people whose only claim to fortune is raising
cattle, they sure do take a lot of liberties. Something eats
one of their cows, they hunt down every predator on
four legs like it was a holy war. Them bastards've got
bounties on wolves, coyotes, pole cats and would likely
put one on prairie dogs if they thought it'd do any good.
They need more land for their cows, so they encourage
buffalo hunting and call on the soldiers to kill off any
Indians that might be around, just in case. They terror-
ize or outright kill sheep herders ‘cause the sheep crop
the grass too low for their uses.

That's just the cattle barons, of course, but I ain't
too fond of the men who work for ‘em, either. They
ain't doin' anything but their jobs, I'll grant 'em that,
but what they do is kill the Land as sure as the Storm
Eater does.


ia

They work hard and they live hard, but they don't
think about what they're doing. They call themselves

"cowpunchers," but I've never seen a one of them
actually hit a cow. What sort of name is that, anyway?
Like I said before, I tend to get around. Just to make sure
I knew what I was talking about, I worked one summer
as a cowpuncher at the Bar T Ranch. Byron Talbot was
the man in charge of the place and he paid a fair wage,
Pll grant him that, too.

But in the time I worked there, I was up every mornin'
at sunrise and watched the herd the whole day. My main
job was to keep the dumb animals from stepping over
the side of a cliff or into a nest of rattlesnakes. I've never
seen dumber animals in my life. In my time, I had to help

brand the cows — a disgusting process that Europeans

find necessary ‘cause they can't trust their own neigh-
bors and kin. I helped birth a calf that didn't want to
come out, and I rebuilt more fence then I knew there
was in the world cause the damned beasts kept getting
stuck in the barbed wire and then they'd tear whole
sections of fence down in a panic. I can't blame 'em

Ps

though 'cause the damn stuff cuts you to hell, I can tell
you that from experience.

There was a cook who prepared meals at the ranch,
and there was a wagon for water. Same old coot traveled
with us when the time came to move the herd. It took
three weeks of guiding the cattle to Denver for auction,
and during that time, the damned things stampeded
twice and came close a dozen other times. Look at 'em
cross-eyed and wag your tongue and I swear the blamed
herd goes crazy. | saw one boy, not more than 12 or so,
try to guide them away from a dry riverbed and back
onto the trail when they got ornery. That boy and his
horse got trampled by so many cows that there weren't
much more than bloody meal left of 'em

I got plenty of respect for the hard work the cow-
punchers do, but I still ain't too fond of 'em. My guess is
the people they work for are probably responsible for
about half of my people's problems. The "barons" are
just too damned greedy about tryin' to make sure their
precious cows don't get hurt, scared, thirsty or hungry.
Or maybe just too damned greedy in general.

\\
\\


xd

Railroad Workers

Following the latest figures of the year 1875, as
given by The San Francisco Chronicle, there are 130,000

Chinese in California — 30,000 in the city of San Franc
alone. Says the same paper at the same time: "Whatever industry
they have attacked they have captured; whatever they have at-
tempted they have mastered; whenever there has been an encounter

0

between them and our own people, they have come off victorious.
And these are said to be the very offscouring of the Chinese ports. If
then such results come to us from contact with 130,000 of their

lowest grade of intellect, what shall be the measure of their success
when free intercourse, open ports, and the attractions of foreign
commerce pour upon our shores the numbers they can spare
from their 400,000,000 of population? When their lead-

ing men, with subtle intellects, come in conflict with
our plodding minds? Who shall dare say which is the

superior race until the conflict is over? Every

contest between ourselves and the Chinese
hitherto has been to them a victory.
— Walter M. Fischer, The Californians

Damnedest thing I ever saw, the railroads.
You can look at them people laying down the
wood supports and the steel rails and think
— _ they're never going to get anywhere, but
~ when you look again, they've moved over
the next hill and they're still going strong.
Have youseen the railroad workers? They're
some powerful men. Not that they look all
that different. Only a few of 'em are bigger than
average, and most of 'em are sorta lean, like they
ain't had a good meal ina year or so. But they are
=n men of

strong and they are driven. I've se

every color — excepting only red, but I sus-
- pect you could find a few Indians out there,
too, if you looked hard enough — working
together and driving spikes into the ground
* with a solid fury. From a couple of miles away

you can hear the sound of them working, like the
sound of buffalo on the move, but with a metallic
ring that doesn't sit well in the heart.
Of all the signs that the Storm Eater has risen
and begun to rape the Land, only mining and the
railroads strike me with fear. No mountain, no

valley nor river is safe from the railroads.
Those lean, hard men build bridges to

P» cross the rivers and valleys, and they

B tear mountains aside if they get in their

PAL way. Hundreds of men, working as hard

a as anyone I've ever seen, many of them


Roll

coming from distant lands and working in silence
drive. their. way-across:the Land:

How can they do this thing and feel no remorse? They call
what they do progress, even as they destroy everything in
their path. No sooner have they built a new part of

their railroad than one of their great iron
horses, bellowing out gouts of filth that rise
tothe sky, comes along hauling great boxes
of food and water, along with more of the
steel rails and wooden ties. They have doz-
ens of men moving ahead of 'em, scouting out
where there might be trouble with the land or the
Pure Ones, and signaling the men in charge of carving

these great scars across the Land. If a tribe stands in their

way, the Europeans come with rifles, sometimes with
soldiers, and drive the people away. Those who won't
move are killed and left to rot.

Andstill these men come and use their hammers
to plant steel tracks in the ground. When night
falls, they rest cause they're too tired to do more
than eat and sleep. They rest in the same
clothes they work in, until the fabric is as stiff
ther. Only the Chinese bathe when-

as le
ever they can, and even those strange
people manage to clean themselves only
when there is a river or lake nearby.

I've seen these men work themselves

to death, dropped by exhaustion or burnt
up with fever — all for pieces of paper or
coins of gold. I've seen men lose their legs or

arms to a badly timed hammer swing or a dynamite

charge that was bigger than anyone planned. Or
sometimes just to bad luck, like a man I saw who was
standing too near a stack of their steel rails when it
came tumbling down. Once the men who wait to handle
accidents have tended folks' injuries, the wounded are
paid again and left to fend for themselves — to live or die

as they're able

When the railroads come to towns, there's a
celebration, and the workers rest for a day or so, £\
drink liquor, find women to sleep with and finally

bathe. Then they're on the way again, working

just as hard as before. I wonder if they'll be
happy when they've finished their great
railroads, these men who work so hard to
build them. And when I see them drivin'
their spikes into the ground, sweat spilling
freely from their bodies, | wonder who is
truly the master: the men or the machines they
build the rails for.


One of the least heard about but strongest sources
of racial tension in the Savage West is the influx of
Chinese immigrants. Where the Indians and the
blacks have troubles, there is violence on both sides.
The Indians do their fair share of slaughtering, and
the freemen and ex-slaves make their point in the
Civil War and afterward with the same sorts of weap-
ons and tactics the whites had used.

Not so forthe Chinese. To the settlers and to govern-
ment officials alike, the Chinese are an enigma. When
someone attacks them, the survivors merely report what
happened and go about their business. There are no
vows of vengeance, nor do the offended parties seek
justice if the local law enforcers opt not to help.

Their very silence makes the Chinese seem more
alien than nearly anything else the settlers:encounter
along the way. The customs of the Chinese — wearing
hats in the presence of persons they would honor,
reserving the place on their left for the most important
people and a level of polite silence unheard of in the
western world— confuses and often enrages the settlers.

Despite their presence in the U.S., the Chinese
still hold to many of their native beliefs, including not
adjusting well to other people. The Chinese tend to
stick together, living in crowded quarters, despite a
great deal of available land. While they are normally
meticulous in their grooming, some of their clothing
habits seem exceedingly strange to outsiders. Allow-
ing their women to wear pants, forexample, is seen.as
something of an affront to the sensibilities of most

Miners

There's fools, and then there's fools. Miners are the
sort needing special emphasis. Point at a spot on the
ground and tell one of these people that there's any sort
of metal under the dirt, and they'll start diggin' like their
life required that metal more than food.

Every time someone finds gold or silver in the hills,
or even flakes of the stuff in some river, a new town of

Suropeans grows up like a mushroom from the ground.
Andalmostas fast as a mushroom, too. Boomtowns they
call'em. I call'em shitholes. Ina week's time, you've got
200 or more people climbing into those hills, looking for
the gold or whatever. And then they come back to
whatever town is nearby and do their best to spend what

they'v

people in the U.S. at the time. To make matters
worse, the "heathens" don't believe in one god for the
most part, and they have no desire to learn about
Christianity.

Despite these differences, the Chinese work dili-
gently and seldom complain about the hard labor in
the mines, or on the railroads. They apply themselves
so. well, in fact, that hard feelings arise when they
prove to be more efficient than other groups of work-
ers. Many whites presume hard work to be the lot of
ex-slaves, but when the seemingly delicate Chinese
come along and work just as hard as the blacks, many
of these same Caucasian workers resent such effort —
despite the fact that the whites receive better pay
than anyone else.

Animosity between the whites and the Chinese
can get very ugly, but their encounters sometimes
take a surprising turn. When a white man assaults a
Chinese worker, the worker seldom fights back, but
when an Oriental does retaliate, the end result is
Often a much bigger man lying in a pool of his own
blood or nursing a shattered arm. Despite these ten-
sions, though, the Chinese endure, build their own
communities in the U.S. and import their wares from
China here.

And if, from time to time, an abusive white man
suddenly disappears under unusual circumstances,
the continuously placid expressions of the "Coolies"
belie any possible connections between past assaults
on the Chinese and such vanishings.

Likeas not, while they've been diggin' a saloon or five
has popped up, and a bathhouse or two, and a dozen or
so whorehouses. I think those places are the best for
seeing the settlers as they truly are. They throw their
hard-earned money away on women, booze and what-
ever else they can find, then they fight each other over
any insult. The towns grow so fast that there ain't any
real law worth noticin', unless a couple of business
people decide to pay someone to be the law.

Once ina while, somebody finds a proper lode and
starts getting a little smarter and waits 'til he's made
a good strike before he tells anyone else. By then, he's
got him some hired guns, and he's got some of the
great big digging machines to cut the ground open
Then he hires people to do all the digging for him,

20 Wild West Companion


AID

SSSssg

and: he: hites others to: keep-them people: honest:
Miners go into the holes in the ground and look for
shinyimetals that:make someone-clee-tichsTheydig
metal from the ground, and some-

all the precio
times they dig so deep they make the ground above
them collapse. You can hear the people screaming

from a mile away when that happens. Everybody says

how horrible it is that so many people died. And then
they start digging all over again.

That's how the worst of the boomtowns come to be.
Men workin' themselves to the bone for good pay and
then coming into town to spend that pay on nice
clothes or whatever strikes their fancy.

Along come the gamblers. These folks make their
living at games of chance and reap their rewards from
fools who think they can win in a card game against
somebody who knows the cards better than he knows
his own reflection. Not far behind the gamblers come
the gunslingers, looking to work for the person who'll
pay them enough to kill anyone who needs killin' or
hopin' to get a job as the sheriff of the boomtown.
Wherever the white men go, there are those who work
and those who feed off the workers. What a strange
people they are.

Craftsmen

There's a good number of folks these days who spe-
cialize in one form of work or another, making what
could be just a job into an art form. Some work with
leather and make the harnesses and tools for others to

use. Some work with steel and craft weapons, horse-
shoes and all sorts of contraptions. Others work with
glass or stone, but all of them take to their work with a
passion. I don't reckon I've ever seen any of the Pure
Ones handle one type of work that well, especially since

there's so many things a man needs to do to make life
work properly. What's the point of making horseshoes
if you can't tend to a horse? Once, I'd've said there
wasn't no purpose. These days, I've seen what the
Europeans can accomplish and the speed they achieve
by working on only one thing at a time.

Any town worth its salt has a smithy, a leather crafter

working on tack, a baker, a tailor, and a dozen other
little jobs that no one wants to do, but that they can pay
someone else to handle for them. It's a strange way to
work, but it seems to suit the Europeans just fine.
They even have folks these days who build their
houses for them, so they can go on makin' their all-
important money and spending

The Changing
Breeds and the
Second War of Rage

in't just folks. Coyote bein' the

Of course, some folks
lover of variety that he is, he's got all kinds of shapeshifter
children to do all kinds of jobs for him. From what I
about me and the Corax and the Wendigo

already said

and the Get, it might seem that the Changing Breeds are
getting along pretty well, but that'd be a blind man's

view. There's a second War of Rage happening, and
only a few of us were smart enough to get out before the
serious battles began.

The Garou, both the Europeans and the Pure Ones,
have decided that this Land is theirs. Anyone else who

interferes is as good as dead.

The Pure Lands were spared from the first War of
Rage. No one over here ever had a problem with
someone deciding they were more important than ev-
eryone else. Oh, there were disagreements from time to
time. We Nuwisha could tell you a thousand stories of
the problems and disputes we've caused and the ones
we've settled as well. But they never went as far as those
going on right now. They never came close.

Ananasi

The Ananasiare the ones suffering the most. Nobody
ever liked them to begin with 'cause they're scz S
hell and mean enough to make a werewolf think twice
about whether or not to enter their territories. For the
record, making a werewolf stop and think about any-
thing is an accomplishment, so you should understand
just how mean that makes the werespiders.

There's been bad blood between the werespiders and
the Garou for a very long time — mostly because they
both think they're too good to be bothered with anyone
else's rules. They've had fights throughout history, when-
ever they met up. That wasn't so bad in the past, but over
the centuries

the troubles have gotten worse.

During the first War of Rage, most of the Ananasi

st as far as the Garou are con-
?

were destroyed, at le

cerned, and who am I to make them open their ¢
The werespiders in Europe were crushed under the
weight of the Garou — slaughtered and punished be-
cause they didn't think the werewolves had any right to
push the werespider Kinfolk around. The werewolves
disagreed and made their point with fangs and claws.
But over here, and especially on the continent of
South America, the Ananasi are still strong. The

Chapter One: The Savage West a1


werewolves are already trying to fix that little oversight
on their part. They've made a point of killin' as many of
the werespiders as they can, and the werespiders have
started fighting back.

Have you ever seen an Ananasi in combat? I'm not
known to be scared of too much, but I don't think I'd
ever want to tangle with one of them. There was one
time, about a year ago now, when I saw three of the Iron
Riders try convincing one of the Ananasi it was time to
move on to a new place. That was in Louisiana, and

there's more of the werespiders there than most people
ever want to think about. Anyway, I didn't much like
that group, so I gave the eight-legger warning that they
were coming. He nodded his thanks and I went off to
watch what happened from a distance.

The Garou showed up in their human skins, and they
tried being about as reasonable as most Europeans,
said, "Get the hell out of here," and then
acted shocked when the werespider told them they
should go off and rape each other. Next thing you know,
one of 'em's got a klaive shoved halfway through the
werespider's chest. Only, he didn't cut anything more
than the shirt on the man. When the knife struck, the
Ananasi's chest just sort of flowed like water and then
it ran up the fool's hand and flowed over his arm. In less
time than it takes to explain, that Garou was covered in
tiny black widow spiders. He died about an hour later,
when the poisons in his body finally decided they'd
made him twitch and moan long enough. Long before
he died, though, both of his friends were moving from
this world to the next. See, they forgot that Ananasi
sometimes run in packs, too, and they never saw the
others 'til after the spiders had dropped from the trees
and started spinning webs.

meanin' the

There's no love lost between the Garou and the
Ananasi, but some claim the Ananasi aren't even ca-
pable of love, so that don't much surprise me.

Bastet

Ain't too many of the Bastet over here, and I reckon
that's a good thing. Just like most of the Pure Ones, they
ain't been takin' the Garou attitude too well. Sadly,
they keep trying to fight instead of trying to make
themselves scarce. The Garou got numbers on their
side, and the two Breeds have always gotten along like
cats and dogs to begin with.

There's a lot of bad blood between the Indians and
the Europeans anyway, but this ain't helpin' a damn bit.
I'm almost afraid we're gonna see the Bastet of America
go the same way as the Camazotz. But I hope not.

Wild West Companion

SES

ZIEL;

Camazotz

You ever hear of the werebats? No? You know why?
'Cause there ain't any proof left that they ever existed.
They supposedly called themselves the Camazotz, and
they were always the weakest and smallest of the Chang-
ing Breeds. My grandfather used to say when Coyote
made the Camazotz — if he really did make them, that
is — that Coyote must've been joking.

If they ever existed, they're gone now. I've heard that
the Garou killed most of 'em in the first War of Rage and
Spaniards killed the rest over here. Story is the bats never
gotas far north as Texas, and there was only about a dozen
of 'em in Mexico and maybe a few more south of there.

Gone. Destroyed completely by outsiders who couldn't
understand that they were peaceful, by all accounts.
The Camazotz were called "the Messengers of Luna"
when they existed. They were supposed to work as
Luna's voice here on Gaia. If they were ever really here,
I guess the Garou didn't like the way they sang.

Corax

The wereravens are smart, almost as smartas us. They
keep sticking their noses in and warnin' everyone on
both sides about what the others are doing, then they
flap away and watch what happens. They've had a bit
more luck than I have in stopping this foolishness, but
not really enough to matter in the long run.

I hope they stay smart enough to live through this,
but I have doubts.

Gurahl

The werebears are still going strong, but | don't reckon
that can last much longer. They're slow to anger, but
they're getting there. They've been mistreated by the
Garou since the first, and the hunters out there shootin'
their Kinfolk dead ain't makin' it any better for them.

I can't say as it's true, but a Corax told me not long
ago that some of the werewolves are hunting the
Gurahl while the werebears hibernate. Guess that's
the easiest way to handle the affair. Wouldn't be much
of a fight any other way 'cause the Gurahl could whup
the Garou in a one-on-one fair fight any day of the
week. Mind you, that seems to be the biggest advan-
tage the Garou have in any case: They don't fight
one-on-one, they fight in packs.


Garou

What can I say about the Garou that you don't
already know? They're here, and I don't reckon they
plan on goin' anywhere fora while. It's getting ugly right
now, what with them fightin' each other and then takin'
the time to whup the hell out of every other Changing
Breed. I don't see how they manage to have that much
energy, myself.

The way most of these folks talk, you'd think the
War of Rage was long in the past. Hell, you'd think
they'd learned their lesson from the last one, but it
ain't so. This War of Rage just ain't as well-organized
as the last one. They haven't really set out to destroy
everything that ain't a human or a Garou, it's just
happenin' that way.

There's a group of the Garou called the Black Spiral
Dancers. They gave themselves over to the Wyrm a
while back, and I don't reckon they much like the rest
of their brethren. They'd just as soon roast 'em alive and

feed on the remains — I know cause I've seen 'em do it
a few times.

Lotsa folks don't think there's all that many of 'em
around, but I know different. They're here, but they
know how to hide themselves. Ever been out in the
forest late at night and heard what sounded like birds
talkin' to each other? Well, that's all fine and good,
except that the birds you hear are the sort who like to
work in the daytime and sleep when the sun sets. Bout
half the time, it might just be the whole gang felt the
need to chatter. The rest of the time, it's likely the
Dancers lettin' each other know what's goin' on in
their territory.

There don't look to be that many left right now, but
I'll explain why that is ina minute or so. Yes, I know you
want to know now, which is why I'll get around to it in
my own time. I like seein' you fidget.

Nuwisha

My kind's got rules we follow, too, and those rules say
there're only a handful of us on Gaiaat any time. I'm one
of 'em. I can't speak for the others, but I can tell you I
hate what I've been seeing. I ain't gonna sugarcoat it,
neither. We got more ugly shit flowing down to the
ground these days than anyone needs to see. We got
vampires, a second War of Rage, Garou with attitudes,
and the new European religion: Industrialization. Yep.
Icalled ita religion. Anything takes off as big.as that has
and means so much to so many is a religion in my book
— just not a clean one. Humans have decided, right or
wrong, that everything they see is theirs for the taking,

and there ain't a thing bein' done about it.

I tried. I worked hard to see that the Wyrm couldn't
get past the Mississippi, but I didn't do so well. I got
cocky and stupid. That's just the way it is with me and
most of my kind. I challenged and defied everything
that came my way, and I got my ass kicked a dozen or so
times for it. | won a few, but I lost just as many. I didn't
like the odds no more, so I quit playing. Now I'm just
back to watchin' what happens and messin' with the
ones who really deserve it.

I did my part. I hid the kibas from stupid Garou, and |
helped protect the special places from the Wyrm, too. But
I failed in my goal. Some things are inevitable, like Luna
showing her face and hiding it away again, or like the tide
of people washing over the Pure Lands and leavin' a trail
of filth and pain behind them to mark their way. I sound
bitter? Well, lam bitter. lam angry and disappointed. On
the other hand, I have so many new playmates that | have
trouble deciding where to start. It's my way. Accept it or
don't, it makes no difference to me.

Ratkin

The wererats are a little bitchy about this whole
conflict thing. I think it has something to do with the
werewolves treating them like vermin. They go about
their business, stealing what they want, eating what
they will and shitting where they please, then along
come the Garou getting upset with 'em and killing off
the rats wherever they see ‘em.

But the rats are still doing okay, so far. They've had
a few strange mixes coming out of mingling with the
local populations, though: On Coyote's name, I saw a
Ratkin not long ago who had a squirrel's tail when he
changed over to his man-rat form. | saw another who
looked suspiciously like a mink. Maybe they're trying to
save all the other rodents from the trappers, or maybe
they just don't like the quality of rats left behind when
the Garou and humans get done with a place.

That's okay, but the first time I see a wererabbit, I'm
spreading the word far and wide. The way rabbits get to
mating, the Ratkin that breeds with them could take
over the whole world.

Mokole

You don't see too many Garou relaxing down in
Florida or Louisiana. Can you guess why? I'll give you a
hint: Mokolé are Earth Mother's memory, and they
remiemberthe first Warof Rage very well. [don't chink
they like the Garou anymore. Not that I can really
blame them.

Chapter One: The Savage West 23


Nagah

I ain't in any position to say that the Nagah are
unhappy with the Garou, but I've noticed that an
awful lot of rattlesnakes seem to prefer biting
werewolves over just about anything else. Ain't no
cobras in the Land. What would you mate with if you
couldn't find a cobra and needed a poisonous snake? I
ain't tryin' to make a big deal out of it. After all, the

Nagah are supposed to be all gone, right? I guess it w:
just my imagination, that one I saw sinkin' some foot-
long fangs into a Bone Gnawer about three weeks ago.
Far be it from me to say otherwis

Rokea

They're equal-opportunity d
ticed you don't find too many werewolves who like to go

but I've no-

estroyers

swimming these days. I've also noticed a few fins that
looked more than a little out of place cruising the
Mississippi, the Rio Grande and the Colorado. Check
the towns in those areas and tell me how many Garou

you see. Less than you might imagine, that's how many.

Religious
Difficulties

This Land has always had its share of religious con-
tentions. Kokopelli like this sort of dance, not that one;
or people believe that everybody came from across the
sea, carried by Raven, instead of Coyote having made
folks from river mud 'cause he was tired of talking to
himself. But before the white man came here, these
arguments were settled with an insult, or maybe with
another story to show that both were wrong.

It ain't that way anymore. Now, if you don't follow
Jesus, you ain't right in the head and you're gonna burn
in hell. Butjustas important, if youdon't follow Him the
right way, you're still in trouble.

There's so many different types of Churches for Jesus
and his Father and his Ghost that I can't keep 'em
separate. They're all three supposed to be the same God,
but some say They're still different, and some say this
one's more important than that one, or the other way
around. Seems to be important to the Europeans. They'll
fight, steal, torture and kill to make sure you worship
their god just the right way.

24 Wild West Companion


The Mormons

There's a group out here, the Mormons.... They
swear Jesus came out here to the Pure Lands and laid out
a whole new set of rules for a guy named John Smith to
write down. Others don't like those new rules, and they
call the Mormons all sorts of names.

Far as I can tell, the Mormons call themselves the
"Chosen Ones" and I bet that set some britches on fire.
But more important, they say a man can have more than
one wife, and that caused the biggest trouble. By havin'
more than one wife, a fellow leaves some of them uglier
or poorer men without, and that's sure to cause a fight.

The Mormons got whupped on a whole bunch, but
then they got all together and moved out to the Great
Salt Lake and built a nice, proper fort. They ain't had
any real troubles with the Pure Ones 'cause no one
wants the lake, and there's enough of them that they can
fend off other settlers with an attitude. Had themselves
a right proper fight with the U.S. government at one
point, but they finally settled that matter and were
allowed to stay near that lake of unpure waters.

One of my friends says the real cause of their persecu-
tion comes down to them liking to share everything
instead of owning anything. | figure that wouldn't go
over well with the cattle barons or the gold miners. My
guess is that they refuse to share the wealth. Some
people with none ain't happy to see others with too
much, especially when the treasure in question is women.

The Jewish Faith

Nearest I can figure it, there's a group of people who
believe in the same god as the Christians, but the mem-
bers don't believe Jesus was the Son of God. That seems
to make them victims of all sorts of nonsense. In the East,
ablished, and while there's a tussle

they're pretty well-
now and then, it doesn't get too ugly. But out here, where
folks make up the law as they go, the story'sa bit different.
Maybe it's something in the air or just the thought that
there's nothing else to do on a long summer night, but
these folks can't seem to have a minute's peace.

Just as soon as they get noticed, they get trouble.
Seems like that's the case with almost anyone who don't
fit in around these parts, but I get the feelin' there's a lot
of very old grudges that pop up when the Jews are
involved. A good half of the people I've spoken to about
them all claim the Jews have their money, or stole their
money, or loaned them money and want it back. The
other half just believe the Jews are wrong about Jesus
and needa proper education, even if that means burning
down their homes and businesses and temples to make
the point.

"7

The ones I've met dressed like all the other Europeans,
spoke the same and everything else, but that Jesus fella
keeps getting in the way. Me? I reckon we're getting into
the same problem as with the Mormons all over again:
Them that have money are getting whupped by them that
don'thave money. Jealousy is an ugly thing, but white men
like to feel good about the things they do, especially when
they know they're wrong. So they point at a difference of
faith and put the blame on the "heathens."

Others

The ex-slaves have a lot of slightly different outlooks
on religion. Some of them have become Christians, and
others follow different beliefs brought from the land
that these people were stolen from. They always have
trouble here because of their skin color if for no other
reason. It's the same problem as before. They ain't quite
the same, so they've got to be educated in the ways of
Jesus and God. If they already know about Him, it don't
make a difference. There's always another reason to
chase after'em hiding somewhere, or ifa reason can't be
found, the whites'll make one up.

The same is true of the Chinese. They have their
own gods and beliefs, but they're quiet about 'em and
seldom make any trouble. They handle problems in
their own ways, rather than calling on the law to settle
the matters. They stick together and leave everyone
else alone. Maybe they've had the right idea all along.
If you don't get noticed, there's no excuse to kill you in
the name of God.

The Pure Ones are whupped on because we have
land that someone else takes a shining to, or because
we took a shining to someone else's land, so we were
there before the folks who are hankering after it now.
We don't much take to the whole idea of just letting
people walk all over us, or kill off our food supplies, like
they're doing with the buffalo. But as soon as the
Europeans hear we don't think their god is so special,
they take that as a good enough reason to come teach
us the facts of Heaven and Hell.

The Christians are a strange people. They dress in
their finest clothes and bow their heads in prayer. They
read from their Holy Bible and preach sermons of peace
and tolerance. One on one, it seems most Christians
follow their beliefs as well as anyone else, but when they
come together, united in a cause, the rules of their faith
change — in ugly and frightening ways.

I don't reckon religion is a bad thing in and of itself,
but some folk sure do their best to make it that way. I've
spoken to a few padres about the Ten Commandments,
and they seem like a good enough set of rules. Just kind
of sad to see how they don't apply when religion gets in
the way.

Chapter One: The Savage West 25


Regions

I used to be disgusted, now I'm just amused

— Button slogan

Everywhere you go in the Land these days, there are
settlers or people from other lands who've made them-
selves comfortable on lands once held by the Pure Ones.
That don't bother me so much 'cause there's still lots of
places untouched by the interlopers.

I reckon I've crossed this Land about seven or eight
times and each time I pass a place, it's different than it

was before. More marks of the Europeans and less of the
things that made this Land pure left untouched by
European hands. More of Europe and lands beyond even
that distant place. Less of the soul of the Land left for the
children of our children.

Perhaps if I didn't follow Coyote, that would make
me bitter. Instead, | am merely curious.

The Northeast

To the north and east, where Wendigo walks and his
children were once the masters of the Land, the Europe-
ans have taken almost everything. The MicMac are
almost gone, and the Five Nations are weaker than their
ancestors could've ever imagined. Where trees once
covered everything and the forests hid the secrets of the
covered with

world, there are places where the ground

houses and buildings and places where great stone pipes

spill foulness into the air.

The Europeans have discovered a new master, one
they call "Industrialization." It doesn't surprise me
that so many of the people there leave for the West
when all there is to leave behind is hours ina hot room
with hundreds of others, making furniture or fabrics to
cover hundreds of people instead of only one. Great

ships come from across oceans to Boston and New
York, and they always bring more of the Europeans,
who hope for better lives than they ever found in their
own lands.

The people there are always busy, and they are
strange to me. Though they have their own homes and
the Land is no more theirs than it is the Pure Ones', they
almost a crime there,

continue to seem sour. Smilin' is
which is a sad thing to se

Anyplace they don't work in the banks or the
warehouses where they buy specialties from other
lands, they put their factories. Many of these places
work with fabrics and wood to make clothes or tables
that would have taken weeks or months to create

before the great machines were built to make the
work of hours take just minutes.

Boats go into the waters of the sea and come
back with fish enough to feed whole villages every
day, except for Sunday, when the fishermen wor-
ship their god. Others work to carve the bones
from the Land, takin' granite and marble to build
more things the Europeans think they need in
order to be comfortable.

And farther north, in Maine and Connecticut, the
people cut down trees, which become furniture or paper
for writing their books and telling their tales. There is
no tradition of storytelling among these people. That is
sad, I think.

Loggers risk their lives to cut down trees, often
enraging the spirits and the Wendigo alike. The great
rivers run not with water but with wood. Many of the
men who work tearing down the trees run across them

on the water and keep them from getting stuck where
the rivers fork or where the rocks beneath the water
might stop them.

I've worked with these men, trying to under-
stand why they do what they do, and the answer is
always the same: money. They work to survive ina
world that cuts away the old ways and replaces
them with industry.

Most of these people seem unhappy. Many work from
the time the sun rises to the time it set

cutting trees or
melting metal and pouring the burning steel into molds
for railroad ties, or carving and polishing the marble to
place in buildings. They dress themselves in layers of
clothing and run from one place to the next. They work
in places where their hands and eyes are in danger from
their great machines, and if they are injured and can no
longer keep up, they are cast aside.

In the streets there are others still, ones who
cannot work or choose not to. Some beg from others
for a scrap of food. Some sneak after others with a
knife or six-gun, and they take what they will. For all
their claims of civilization, the Europeans share the

same problems found in the wild: The strong survive,
and the weak are ignored or killed. The factories
belch their filth into the air, and the people in their
homes dump trash and excrement into the waters
where they bathe and drink.

In many places, the Europeans still work in the older
ways of their people. They till the land and reap what
they sow and feed themselves on what they can grow
with their own hands. They raise cows for milk, and they
bake bread made from flour ground from the grains they
grow. They live simple lives and seem content.

26 Wild West Companion


XO!

There are small towns where the people still walk
n look

their neighbors in the eyes without fear of of

with a spring in their steps, and where they cz

ing. These towns have people who remember their
fathers and honor their mothers. They are content
to live with Gaia, though they seldom acknowledge
her properly.

Hidden in some of these areas, where the people still
love the land, are the coal miners. In Pennsylvania and
Ohio, the miners don't search for gold, they search for
the black rocks that fuel the machines of the factories
and power the engines of the great locomotives.

To see these men workin' so hard to carve the Land
apart fills me with fear. Surely these coal pits they dig are
the heart of the worst troubles in the Land. The black
rocks they bring forth feed the gouts of blackness spill-
ing from the factories. The coal is, I think, the cause of
Storm Eater's release. Perhaps the coal feeds him or is a
sign of where he was trapped. I do not know, but | know
the coal is evil.

But in the cities, where the people are crowded
together despite the land resting only a few miles away,
they grow bitter and learn to prey on their own kind as
if they were natural enemies.

There are places in the north and east where Gaia is
forgotten. The Wendigo call these places "scabs," and
there is infection within these scabs, infections that
fester and spread. Within these cities, the people work
and they sleep. They eat and they mate and they grow
oldand die, sometimes never leaving the cities to see the
rest of the Land. Every day, there are ships coming from
other lands and people on those ships who come here to
stay. The infection grows...

The Southern States

The Europeans are never content. First, they drive
the Pure Ones from the land, then they decide the land
is too harsh, so they steal people from other lands and
make them work on the plantations they've built on the
blood of others. I do not like the southern states. They
are too hot and too sticky with moisture in the air.
Breathing the air there is like breathing the air right
before a storm that never comes.

But those states are cleaner than the ones of the north
and east. There is less of industry and more of farming.
They crush the Land into submission. They coverswamps
and make them hold houses built by the poor to shelter
the wealthy.

if

Yi

‘aan

V


SSNs

ZLELs

But that ain't really fair. There's
diversity to the whole place. There's rivers clean enough

some amazing

to drink from and fish aplenty to feed on. There's
mountains old enough to be half the size they were
when Gaia created them, and valleys as deep and
secretive as a woman's heart. The bayous are places of
special power and home to the Mokolé, as are the
swamps in other places. The Land is green and fertile,
and notall of the work of the Europeans has come close
tocrushing the life from Gaia here. There's little of the

Europeans' industrialization because the connection
to the land is stronger here, despite the plantation
owners' presence.

Many have told me that the South is closest to
Europe's ideals. There is royalty, though few of its
members have titles. A few hold all the land and pay
others to raise and cut their crops. I've never been to
Europe, but I reckon I'll get there soon enough. Then |
can see for myself if what I've heard is true.

The Land is green, but the hearts of men seem
somehow darker here. Any place where people must
wear chains bears a certain taint, and that's true of the
South and the East. I've heard that before the Civil War
began there were more slaves than freemen in the
South. I don't know if it's true, but that's what I've
as

heard. People were bought, sold and traded the sam:
horses. I don't understand the need Europeans have to
own everything they see, but that need is strong. The
Civil War ended slavery, but it hasn't ended the strong
feelings against the nonwhites. Every type of person is
less if they aren't of European stock. Less still if their

blood is mingled.

The plantations still thrive, but now they pay the
workers who tend the crops. Mostly they pay them with
a roof over their heads and a few meals a day. The laws
of the land have changed, but the realities are the same.
The very men who worked as slaves now labor as
freemen for the right to live where they were once kept,
and for the right to eat the food that v
difference between then and

s once theirs

automatically. The bigg:

now that I can see is that those ex-slaves can walk away

from their jobs and seek better places if they so desire
and if they can avoid being caught by the whites who
hold a grudge against them.

There's just as many ports and harbors in the
South as in the North, but what gets shipped down
there is a bit different. Fabrics and linens come bac
to the docks, replacing the cotton that was sent
away. Livestock comes in and either is sold to a few

farmers who try to raise cattle or sheep, or it is
aughtered immediately.

The fruits they grow in the southernmost areas are
sweet and filled with juices, but the heat of the summer
months is so great that it drains the spirit from the

people who farm them.

The anger here is strong, and the sadness is even
stronger. People who never thought about life changing
on them wallow in their pity or cling to the illusions of
their previous life. But all around them, the beauty of
the Land and the spirit of the freed men and the wealthy
who remain grow to hide that darkness. On the rivers,
there are boats carrying the promise of pleasure and the
fortunes of card players. Much like the gambling ho
of the West, these floating palaces offer the possibility
of idle wealth to folks who don't want to work.

‘S

Cardsharps, hustlers, women and men who can be
purchased for a night, a week or a lifetime — they all
move about as if in a dream.

In the deepest parts of the swamps and bayous,
other people wait and work their own magic,
living like parasites, hidden in the places none
would think to look. There are pirates there still,
waiting to attack the ships from other lands and
steal their cargo.

Just like in the West, there are carpenters, black-
smiths and other tradesmen here. There are farmers,
and people who deal in pleasure for money. But the
society is so different it could well be from another land
entirely. The money here is older, more established and
harder to come in contact with. There are people who
wander the land, prey on the unwary and wait for a
chance to take what they cannot earn easily. There are
other religions that are not accepted, but they are too
feared for any to dare persecuting.

Laws are older and better established than they are in
the West and just as surely corrupted by anyone who has
the strength or power to do it.

There are distilleries, where the hard liquors are brewed
and sold to the rest of the country. Factories here craft
guns and bullets in numbers most can't begin to imagine.

The farms are sometimes strange to me. They grow
foods on some, but on others they grow cotton or
tobacco, and the workers suffer daily from the thorns of
the cotton and the poisons of the tobacco soaking into
their skin. I'm sort of fond of the denim made from
cotton — I have a pair of old Levi Strauss' work pants
that I take with me to the colder areas. They may not

keep me warm all the time, but they work better than a
loincloth against a cold wind. I know tobacco's value
very well. Tobacco has been enough to save my hide in
a good trade on a few occasions. But I never thought so
much land could be taken for growing these two plants.

28 Wild West Companion


Le)

"DL AD

The Civil War in the South

The states south of the Mason-Dixon Line really
do have a very different way of life from what most
of the world and the rest of the United States
understand. Contrary to history books, the Civil
War has less to do with slavery initially. The biggest
conflicts have acommon source from 1850 through
to the end of the war — whether or not the central
government of the United States should have power
over the individual states and laws created by the
smaller governments. Taxation, including strong
tariffs that hurt the southern economy and bolster
the fledgling northern economy of the "industrial-

ed states," is far more responsible forthe actual war
than the issue of slavery.

Slavery, nevertheless, is a major issue. Through-
‘out Europe and most of the "civilized world," the idea
of slavery has become. reprehensible. But the fact

mains that many southerners feel slavery is justi-
fied. They argue that by providing food, shelter and
medical care*to the enslaved they are protecting a
race unprepared for the modern world and in need of
education merely to survive. The rarity of such edu-
cation — rightly thought to encourage runaways —
is a point the slaye owners carefully avoid addressing.
They also argue that the cost of actually paying
laborers to work in their fields is too exorbitant and
is sure to drive the cost of their goods to
uncompetitively high prices. The tariffs the federal
Bovernment already imposes are handling that mat-
ter, though. The costs for moving the cotton and
other staples to Europe are already high, especially

considering the troubles with piracy. It is not-as
ashionable as ithad beena century before, but piracy
till occurs often enough to cause southerners sub-
stantial losses of profits.

By citing slavery as a reason for the war, Lincoln
successfully stops several other countries in Europe
from getting involved. France and England lean
heavily toward aiding the southern states before the

The Chickasaw and the Cherokee used to live in these
lands, and a few still do, but most of them are gone,
pushed to other places. The ones who remain are strong,
but they move carefully, for they are so outnumbered.
These are the regions once held by the Croatan, and their
loss is felt by anyone who knows how to sense the Land.

Maybe this is the place where the quietest of the
Wyrm's servants move. Surely the anger and fear in the

Emancipation Proclamation becomes a part of the
greater picture. Abolitionists on both sides of the
Atlantic look to the freeing of the slaves as a
positive idea, and both France and England are
forced to keep away from the internal conflicts of
the U.S., else risk political unrest at home.

The changes in the southern states after the
war are profound. A separate form of money
printed and used during the war becomes com-
pletely worthless by the conflict's end. A
Confederate dollar is worth roughly one cent by
the end of the war, and people who are wealthy
one day are poor the next. The loss of their
economic means of survival adds heavily to the
burdens suddenly faced by the South, and the
enforced freedom of blacks does nothing to ease
troubles in the region. Hatred of the northern
states and the freed black population leads to
more unrest, and in the failed economy of the
South, blacks have virtually no opportunities to
thrive. Lands awarded to blacks in the war be-
come frequent targets of vandalism. Any attempt
at growing crops is an Open invitation for trouble,
and the violence most often goes far beyond the
destruction of farmed lands and into rape, torture
and murder. So, it's quite reasonable for many of
the'fréed slaves to move toward the West as a way
of escaping the troubles in the southern states.

Despite relocation, blacks face still more hard-
ships. Many of the people who'd fought on both
sides of the Civil War move into the territories,
bringing»their biases and hatreds with them. The
one sure place to find Confederate and Union
soldiers on the lam is the West. Laws are harder to
enforce, and it's easier to lose oneself amid the
masses migrating to the region.

The Civil War changes the ways of the South a
great deal, leaving scars that won't fade for genera-
tions and, in some cases, remain painful to this day.

Land is the best soil for the Corrupter's weeds. I donot like
the places in the South and East. | don't think they were
meant to be what they have become. The people are busy,
and the land is bountiful, but there is a deep dark spirit in
the ground, and I think it touches everything.

Many of the people leave here and go to the West,
seeking peace ora better life. Just as many go west to take
what they want, spurred on by the losses they took in the

Chapter One: The Savage West 29


Ney

cs

St

4
4

Civil War and driven by hatreds few outside their
homeland could hope to understand.

Even before the Civil War started, there was a lot
about the southern states that was going wrong.
There were people fussing and fighting about the
treatment of slaves, and there was a whole lot of
tension about the states and territories to the west,
where runaway slaves were given their freedom. There
were fights about who would get the cotton grown in
the South because the people in the North wanted
that cotton for their mills, and so did the people in
Europe. But the Europeans were willing to pay more,
and the people in the North didn't much like that. I
don't reckon the land up there took to growing
cotton very well. That seems to be the truest secret of
the southern states: Everything has more than one
face, and it only shows the face it wants you to see.
The people claim they are enlightened and educated,
then they cower in the shadows when they hear the
voodoo drums in the bayous late at night. They claim
they are a part of the United States, but many also
swear the war isn't over. They claim that all are equal,
but they do not hold to this belief.

The great Mississippi River cuts the southern states,
es them from the areas to the west and connects
them to the cities and people of the North. But I think

there must be something more than just a river that
divides them. I think there is much more. Perhaps in
time I will truly understand what secrets the land there

holds.

The Corn Belt and the
Great Plains

Kansas, Illinois, and a few of them other "states" have
got themselves into a fuss over the trains. Some people
think they're a mighty fine idea, but others ain't so sure.
Take the cowboys, Prinstance. Most of the folks working
as cowpunchers don't much like the idea of the trains
coming any further south than Kansas 'cause these fellas
might not see much more work if that happens.

Most cowboys work hard when they are working, but
I still say if they move the iron horses and their rails
through that area, them boys are gonna have to get real
jobs. Working with the cattle when it's time to round
'em up ain't a whole lot of fun. You gotta drag 'em from
allover the cattle barons' lands and you gotta do the ugly
work of branding the young'uns and castrating the older
ones. When the time comes for moving 'em out, you
really earn your pay. Try moving 3,500 head of beef
sometime. They move easy enough, but stopping them

is like trying to stop the clouds overhead. Often as not
they try to stampede, and then you've got a situation on
your hands.

Then there's all the predators to think about. Talkin'
to the cowboys, you'd think the wolves were waiting in
a line and takin' numbers for a chance to throw them-
selves at the herd. I been on a cattle run or two. Can't
say as I much liked the work, which is a mite rough and
sometimes goes 20 hours a day or so, but I don't recall all
that many pumas or coyotes hoistin' rifles to shoot down
the cows or steal em all away.

What you get by way of predators is normally human
and not too bright. Some people see all that beef and
figure it's there for the claiming, least until they grow a
bloody third eye somewhere on their ugly faces. But
both times I went on cattle runs, | hung around long
enough to hear a few stories start to grow. Except for the
one case I know of when 10 Wendigo came out and
made a snack of the cowpunchers, the only big attacks
by anything else I've heard about came a few days after
everyone was paid and they wanted to talk up how hard
their time out in the wilds was.

The Chisolm Trail runs from Texas to Abilene,
Kansas, where the train comes along to gather up the
cows and take 'em to Chicago for slaughtering. While it
ain't exactly the nicest hike around, it ain't nowhere
near as bad as them boys wanted everyone to think.

Aside from too little sleep and the cook's ability to burn
anything, water included, it just wasn't that rough.
Most of what you got going on in the whole area of the

Great Plains isnothing but farming. Sometimes] figure the
biggest threat in the whole region is boredom. Oh, don't
misunderstand me, there's some damn strange stuff going
on out there, but it ain't like the whole area's exactly
fraught with danger and overflowin' with adventures.
There's the whole bank robber thing, and the train
robber thing, too, but most of that just started in the
Midwest then moved on to the West like everything else.
How's that? Hell, about half yer bank robber and
other criminal types — that's the real ones, not the

stories you hear about "rampagin' Injuns" — got their
start with the end of the Civil War. When things got too
tough for 'em at home, th
other places, robbed a bank or two and scurried on back
to the farm to spend what they "earned." Jesse James is
doing a fine job of just that even
Missouri way as I understand it. Seems he figured since
the United States government wants him for working
on the side of the Confederacy, he decided he may as
well keep on doin' the wrong thing and makin' the best

ese NO-accounts just ran off to

living he can in the worst possible way. | figure the

Wild West Companion


Ze EZ

"a

bounty on his head' ll get him shot one of these days, and
probably by someone he figures he can trust. [don't care
what breed ya are, when there's money involved, it
starts makin' people think the wrong way.

= = =
Chicago, Hlinois

You got some strange people livin' in Chicago.
First, they built the whole city on top of aswamp, and
then, just so they could show Gaia who's boss, they
changed the way the Chicago River flows. It used to
move to the east, but that didn't suit their fancy, so
they made it move to the west. That's a mighty
impressive feat. I suspect the main reason folk up
there stay up there is ‘cause they're right on Lake
Michigan and can move their stuff down the rivers to
other parts of the country. That, and there's some
mighty fine fishin' in the area. Course, the fishin's
starting to go bad on account of the pollution from
their factories.

They got a lot of factories up there. They got a lot
of cattle, too. Just ‘cause I wondered what happened
to all them cattle, I moseyed on up to the Windy City
a while back. They're doin' some strange things up
there. They got stockyards full of cows just waiting to
be slaughtered and put in cans. Cans of cow and cans
of vegetables and cans of fruit. They're

y for

cooking things up and canning them. Seems if they
cook food up right and put it in their little tin drums,
they can make it last for years. Friend of mine actually
bought himself a whole cow leg inside a big ol'
pyramid-shaped can. Ate the thing with his whole
family. Said it tasted mighty good but a little like the
tin it come out of. Me? Ill stick to eatin' what I can
catch or pluck from the ground and the trees. I don't
reckon all the salt they use on that stuff is good for ya.
I get enough salt when I'm desperate enough to eat
m dried tack
lb - Chicago's getting fat off the money
from canning alone, and they got other
industries going just as strong. Matter of fact,
they're building a great big place up there, so
big that it's already being called a "skyscraper" by
the folks living in the area. You can be a mile
outside the city and see that thing sticking out of the
ground like a mesa. I reckon they figure if the city gets
any bigger, it'll take people all day to go from their
homes to the factories where they work, so it's better
just to make people live and work in places as crowded
as a beehive.


Canning foods is still a fairly new concept in the mid-
1800s. During the Civil War, canning, along with
munitions manufacturing, become powerful financial le-

ets. Most of the industrialization taking place in the U.S.
isin the northern states, and Chicago qui
forefront. While many of the towns to the northeast are

comes to the

busy with assembly-line production of wagons and muni-
tions, Chicago takes the definitive lead in producing
canned goods.

The military likes the idea of feeding its troops safe
hutritious meals in the field, so the trend toward canned
goods explodes. Sales to the Union and, to.a much lesser
extent, the Confederate armies enable the canning industry
to become a staple in the U.S, that continues even today

During the early days of canning, a little more experi-

entation occurs in the design of these handmade packages
ind what goes into them. Square cans, pyramid-shaped

cans, and even stranger shapes are in abundance. It's even

possible ro purchase an entire beef roast in a can, though
ithe cost is rather prohibitive and products along this line
are normally purchased only for the military, Some of the
more common brands found todayonsupermarketshélves,
orden, Armour, ete., get. their start during this era.

‘ons at this time is

Another major industry that burg
the manufacturing of covered wagons. Conestoga, by far

the leader in the field, starts in Conestoga, Pennsylv

nia and becomes a financial giant during the Civil Wa

Canning and Other Industries

and the Westward Expansion. Conestoga produces
very large wagons, designed for teams of six or more
horses. The vehicles are built exceedingly well by the
standards of the day. These wagons have floors shaped
to avoid slippage of their load, which is a very strong
selling point for merchants carrying supplies to the
West. With a carrying capability of 6,000 pounds, a
broad base and extremely thick wheels, the wagons are
ideal for families moving to the western territories.
During the time of the California Gold Rush alone,
over 12,000 wagons and "prairie schooners" move from
east of the Mississippi to the territories. As an example
of size, some of the prairie schooners have beds as long
as 16 feet, rear wheels up to six feet in diameter and
canvases that rise 1 1 feet or more into the air. Covered
wagons are, quite literally, the only sensible way to
move products into the frontier territories, at least

until the advent of the locomotive:

Studebaker, one of the earliest automobile manufac-
turers, also has an earlier incarnation as a wagonmaker.
The company's sales are not-as heavy'as Conestoga's
because Studebaker's base is in Ohio and not as conve-
nient for many of the families moving to the West.

It's no exaggeration to say that the livelihood of a
family moving west depends on the strength and durabil-
ity of its wagon. Without a reliable means of transport,
settlers are left to the elements and bereft of the supplies

they need to survive until they can construct a house:

OLE PAPLP LE PLL 22

KID

Wagons have to be able to carry food, fresh water, every
household treasure, the family and its entire fortune. Wagon
trains, large groups of wagons that travel together for protec-
tion during the arduous trek to a new home, often suffer not
only Indian attacks (though fewer than it is popular to
imagine), but also the depredations of highwaymen and

cutthroats. Wagon trains mean easy pickings for any group

with enough firepower and audacity to attack them. When
fully loaded, the wagons certainly work well enough as
protection from bullets and arrows, but often at the expense
of whatever supplies the passengers might be carrying.

Munitions

Munitions manufacturers such as Winchester, Colt
and Browning make their fortunes during the Civil War
and in the decades before and after it. With the design of
bullets and the manufacture of breech-loading rifles,
revolvers and automatic rifles, the firearms companies of
the day grow wealthy at an amazing rate.

Whileagreat deal of craftsmanship goes into thefinal product,
the munitions companies are among the first in the US. to take
real advantage of the assembly line. From the time of the
Mexican-American War, and even earlier, the salesand demand
for good, reliable firepower start to climb. In war and in peace
times, munitions manufacturers fatten on the
need for weapons and ammunition.

The competition to build the first transcontinental
railway system is one of the most serious industries of the
era. Simply meeting the demand for supplies required by
the railroad companies helps to expand the U.S. timber
and steel industries. Increase in the latter, in turn, in-
creases the necessity for the coal-mining industry because
steel must be forged. Settlements throughout the U.S.
proper and the territories, which would later become
states, wage fierce competitions to woo the rail line to
their locales. Bribery, blackmail, murder...anything goes
in the efforts to win the railroads' affections because train
access means the powers-that-be in those towns can grow
wealthy selling supplies and can count on their customer
base: to. grow. as more people arrive by train) In many
cases, railroads are the difference between life and death
for the smaller towns.

The sheer manpower needed to build the rail-
roads is immense. In the years between 1840 and
1850 alone, 6,200 miles of rail are laid across the
country. In the next decade, 21,000 miles of rail
are set down for the locomotives.

During the Civil War, both sides use railroads to

move supplies and troops. In fact, the substan-
tial headway of the railroads in the
North is very much a deciding

—a


SN)
Paved
Ly

factor in the outcome of the war. Most of the rails
Switch from north-south and begin running east-west
more than a decade before the war takes place. The
promise of easy gold in the West, plus:the need of the
ferritoties to ofder ready-made supplies from the. New
England states and New York, make these shifts in the
direction of the railroads inevitable

The South never sees the same need for railroads as the
North does, which proves to be a strategic weakness in the
Confederacy's supply lines and deployment of troops.
‘Once again, industry rears its ugly head and people who'd
stuck to farming as a way of life feel the impact.

Timber Industry

Before the Westward Expansion, Maine has a fairly
strong foothold in the timber industry. Once the need
9 conquer new territories arises, however, the north-
vestern regions of the continent suddenly find
themselves poised to make millions in the supply of
raw materials to the established mills of New England.
pThe railroads play an important part in moving the
logs, as do the Great Lakes. Most of the Northwest is
so thick with wood for the taking that few feel there
can ever bea need to worry about demand outdistanc-
ing supply: Lumberjacks and'new'textile mills quickly
Nove west in an effort to claim their fortunes in the
untouched forests. These people turn acres of woods
into mountains of money, but the cost is high in
counterattacks by the region's Indian tribes and in
assaults by the outraged Wendigo.

The Steel Industry and.
the Mining Industry
Steel becomes a precious commodity in the wake
of growing railroad needs and the demands of weap-
‘ons manufacturers. Pittsburgh is among the first to
take advantage of its natural resources, and by the
nd of the Civil War, the city is producing over two-

thirds of the steel for the entire nation. Almost half
of the states in the U.S. are rich in iron ore, and

mining for the metal quickly grows to be an industry

fin which money is easily made. Strip-mining becomes
a profitable and effective means of obtaining the iron
bre. Equally important forthe times is the production
Bf copper, for telegraphs and use in manufacturing
Bmmunition. Copper and iron, while not as precious
las gold, are just as profitable.

The industrialization of the U.S. alters the face of the
nation in ways few people could ever predict. Sadly, it also
gives the Wyrm a powerful foothold in the Pure Lands.


pn MNase dds "L_!
—<— =

The Europeans call them Michigan, Erie, Superior,
Huron and Ontario. The Wendigo call them home.
The Great Lal

cause of tradition and because of the ways these waters

s are important to the Wendigo be-

shape the lives of the tribes. The Europeans wonder
why the Pure Ones are so upset with them, evenas they
cut down sacred forests and make their way through
the Black Hills as if they owned the Land that Gaia
gave to all to share.

Is it any wonder the Wendigo are on a killing spree?
The white men keep coming into the area, taking what
they need, or think they need, and leavin' behind less
than even locusts might.

There are many tribes of Pure Ones in the Great
Lakes region, but they might not be there for too much
longer. The Europeans keep finding more things there
that they need, and they like to use their great ships on
the waters of the lakes to move what they steal from
one part of the Land to another. The tribes have their
traditions and they have their weapons. The white
men have their guns, and they have their numbers, and
most of all, they have their belief that they were
destined to take this Land as their own. Even now, the
Wendigo spread themselves too thin to stop the white
tide from covering the Land. Most of my people have
gone to the stars, and even if we were still here, we
would not help. The Garou have made their desires
known, and we plan to honor their wishes, even if it
means they die for their foolishness.

The winters near the Great Lakes are violent and cold.
There are times when a person can walk across the surface
of Gitchigumi as if it were solid ground. It takes a great
deal of cold to halt even a part of so large a lake. At first,
the Wendigo thought they could make the Europeans
stay away by making the winters too cold for them. All
that did was hurt the trees and make the whites kill a few
more animals for their pelts. Now the tribe hunts down
whites and kills them whenever possible. Many of the
other tribes blame Sasquatch for the deaths of the whites,
but the Wendigo and me know better.

A few years back, I started rumors of gold up this way.
I made sure it was in the months just before winter so
that as many fools as could do so managed to work their
way up here. A lot of them froze or starved along the
way, but none of 'em got rich. I think maybe some of
them weren't very well-educated. They missed the mark
and got all the way up to Canada. That part I regret.


SSS

y
Yj

$
Ss

Now the damn fools are all the way up in the Yukon and
raping the Land for the gold up there.

A lot of the settlers make their living with the
Great Lakes. They fish for the salmon and trout and
use their new canning processes to ship the meat to
other places. The Pure Ones here don't much like

that, and I can't say that I blame them. If the Europe-

ans were only fishing for the locals, it might not
matter, but they are fishing for so many people that
the Indians here can't always get enough to feed
themselves from lakes that should be plentiful. Also,
many of the Europeans haven't learned not to shit

where they eat, and their wast
into the Great Lakes themselves.

go into the rivers and

There are a lot of trappers up here, white people
who set deadly traps to catch what they are too lazy to
hunt for. They've probably maimed as many animals
as they've killed, and I know the Wendigo are getting
tired of it. There's a bunch of the Wendigo who kill
trappers on sight, and many more who follow them
and let the steel teeth of the trappers' own traps fix
the problem once and for all. But no matter how
many die, there are others who are willing to take
their place. The animals here are more plentiful than
in Europe, I suppose, because these trappers and fur
traders make a lot of money selling every kind of pelt
to their people on the other side of the ocean. Some
of them have even taken to mating pairs of the
animals so they can raise them in cages and kill them
when their furs are soft enough. Most don't even eat
the meat.

A few of the Wendigo were thinking of returning
the favor, but a Corax I know joined me in convinc-
ing them that would be a bad thing to do. I was going
to let them do it at first, but he convinced me to
explain the unpleasantness that would follow. Skin a
few whites and the rest of them kill every red man for
a thousand miles to make sure they got the right one.
After all, we all look the same to them. The Wendigo
finally listened, but only after we gave them ademon-
stration. I told one tavern of drunken whites that a
red man had raped one of their women and they were
off like a shot to kill every Indian they could find. All
they found was the Wendigo waiting in the woods
outside of their town, though. Sometimes the Corax
are smarter than us Nuwisha, but not very often.

Wild West Companion

The Northwest

Brother Raven and his Corax are strong in the
Northwest. They watch everything and they sometimes
chase away anyone who gets too close to them. They
also have seen the whites come to their homes and cut
down trees and dig for precious metals in the ground.
They too have seen the trains and the loggers, the
trappers and the settlers who want to claim the land for
their own. Mostly they watch and they squawk and they
play tricks when the mood suits them. But just as with
the Nuwisha, they do not interfere very often. The
Garou have made clear that none of us is welcome to
join in their sacred fights. Not all listen as well.

The Corax are smart. They work with the Garou and
don't try to stand in their way. That way they can keep
their homes and not fear for the safety of their Kinfolk.
Still, [know they aren't happy about the logging and the
settlers. It makes me wonder just how many people
Europe must hold that so many can come here, and still
there are many more left behind.

Mostly it's the Red Talons up in the Northwest, but
already there are Get of Fenris showing themselves, and
the Wendigo are making noises about getting rid of the
"Wyrmbringers." They act like the Wyrm was never
here before and they forget the battles of the past.

There is gold here, too, but it is harder to reach and
many leave after just a few months of tryin' to find the
stuff. That suits the Corax just fine because they
don't like gold very much. Earth Mother is still angry
in this region, and the earthquakes and the rumble of
the volcanoes worries some of the Europeans. It
should. They don't know just how angry Earth Mother
can get when she is offended, and already many are
offending her.

The West

California is the place all the whites want to reach,
but to get there, they must cross most of the country:
Montana, Colorado, the Dakotas, the great desert in
what they are already calling Arizona and Nevada, and,
of course, Texas.

Have you ever been to Texas? I have. There is a lot of
nothing in Texas. A great stretch of land that is too hot
in the summer and too cold in the winter, where
tornadoes steal the earth and give to the skies. But I
think maybe I'm not seeing everything there is to see
there, and that I must go back and look again because
everyone wants to be there. The Indians had it first,
then the Spaniards came and decided it would be nice
to have that land, and then the people in Texas decided
they didn't want to be part of Spain, or Mexico or
anywhere else, and so they fought for their indepen-


Politics

Contrary to the belief that Native Americans are all one
big happy family, the history of the tribes in North America
is filled with a great deal of violence. The Lakota dislike
many of their neighbors and, in return, are often considered
barbarians by some because of the tribe's forays into border-
ing territories. In the U.S. regions alone, there are 500
nations of Native Americans. As seems to be the case with
all human interaction, there are disputes, many of whicl
end in bloodshed.

The Iroquois dominate the northeastern fur trade fora very
long time, a fact that the Algonquin Indians don't appreciate.
For several years, the Algonquin do everything they can to
hange the tides of fur-trading favor, and they even side with
the Canadian French against the Iroquois in numerous fights.
The end result? Due to irreconcilable differences and the
Troquois' superior numbers, the Algonquin tribes involved in!
the conflict have to move to another territory further west,
closer to the Great Lakes.

In'the*Southwest, the Navajo are well-known as raiders
ho often attack the Pueblo Indians invaddition to the
Mexican and Spanish settlers. It's not until the late 1860s that
the mostly nomadic bands of Navajo are rounded up and
penalized for their violence. After four years in prison, the
collective Navajo agree to a treaty that leaves them alone on.
their reservation. Naturally, there are still several skirmishes
before anyone settles down in the entire region. Also, disagree-
ments linger between the Navajo and the U.S. government
about ambiguities in their treaty.

The Sioux Tribes — the Lakota, Dakota and Nakota being
the largest factions —are renowned as warriors, but they also
believe that killing an opponent isn't always necessary. In
addition to warring among themselves, they also fight with
neighboring tribes and with the white interlopers in their area.

The Apache ear respect and fear as warriors, but long before
the Westward Expansion, the Apache begin to supplement
their farming and hunting with raids on the homes of settlers.
The Comanche are not exactly friendly in their relations
with anyone. Excellent horsemen, they hunt buffalo and stage
at raids against neighboring tribes. They also practice slavery
and are more than happy to make a profit selling captured
white settlers to any tribes they aren't warring with at the time.

A thorough overview of relations among Native American
tribes is beyond the scope of this book. Just remember that
while these peoples certainly suffer cruel mistreatment during
this era (and later), they are also capable of such behavior

Chapter One: The Savage West

dence and they won. Then the United States annexed
Texas and the Spanish people got very upset. Mexico
and The United States of America had a war and after
a lot of stupid deaths, the U.S. won. Just to show who
was the biggest fighter, they took California and every-
thing in-between Texas and California away from
Mexico at the same time. I don't guess the people living
in those areas — European or Native — had any say in
the matter.

Now all of these areas are covered with wagon trains
and settlers and soldiers who say they have the right to
be there and to take what they want. They don't
understand that the Apache and the Comanche don't
care about Mexico or the United States, their laws or
their wars. These nations don'tsee that the Navajo have
been on these lands for longer than either country has
existed, and that they intend to stay where they are.

I've heard a few of them talking about "Manifest
Destiny." This means their god has decided they can
take what they want and kill anyone who gets in their
way. So far, it seems their god is right.

The problem is that no one on either side is willing
to discuss the matter. It always comes down to "This is
our land," and "The hell you say, it's ours." The next
thing you know, there's blood flowing and everyone is
blaming the other side for being unreasonable. Even
when they do sit down to discuss these matters, the
differences in beliefs and the bad blood between the two
sides slow everything down.

The white men say to the red men, "We need this
land for our people who keep coming from across the
sea, and we need to dig right over there for gold."

The red men say to the white men in return: "We
have been here for a very long time, it's our home and
it's all we know. Besides, you can't dig for your gold in
that hill because it has a long tradition for our people
and is sacred." Both sides make more noises, they hem
and they haw, and then they go their separate we
figure out how best to kill their unreasonable enemies.

Western Towns of Note

There's a few places you can head if you feel like
havin' a good time these days. Of course, what you call
a good time and what I call a good time might be a little
different. I'll tell you about a few of ‘em and you can
decide for yourself whether or not you want to visit, or
just avoid 'em.

Abilene, Texas

You want to meet some real cowboys? The sort that
like to smash Injuns in the face and maybe spit on 'em
while they're bleeding in the dirt? Then the place for
you is Abilene, Texas.

ys to


SSSET

ZIELz

What you have in Abilene is a boomtown without
the gold. Place was just a hole in the ground until the
railroad came in and figured it was a good spot to rest a
while. Now Abilene runs a rail from Texas to Abilene,
Kansas. The one in Texas got named for the other one,
but most of the people there insist it's the other way
around. Most of what goes on in Abilene, Texas in-
volves cattle, booze or women of ill-repute. Everything
else involves fightin', shootin' and lynchin' anything
that don't belong. There's all sorts of guns-for-hire
waiting in that town, and when they get itchy, they like
to go piss off the local Indians for fun.

Best of all, there's a lot of cattle barons movin' in on
Abilene, makin' fancy new homes for themselves and
trying to "civilize" the whole area. It ain't nearly as bad
as Mexico, but you can still smell the Wyrm-taint in the
air there. Abilene is also one of them places that draws
criminals like a bloated corpse draws maggots. Seems
there's a lot of unkindly folk in Abilene these days, and
most of them are willing to take honest work if it's
offered and the price is right.

San Francisco,
- =

California

You ever hear of Yerba Buena? Well, maybe you heard of
thenewname the U.S. gave it when they kicked Mexico out.
These days it's called "San Francisco." There used to be a
Spanish military outpost there, ever since the times when the
U.S. stopped beinga British colony and became its own place.

The whole thing sits on a peninsula and a natural harbor
that's beautiful, despite the changes everyone's made to it over
the years. Wasn't much ofa town forthe longest time, but when
theGoldRushstarted,and when the Comstock SilverLode was
found, the whole area grew like a fungus. Now there's a whole
bunch of cultures that call San Francisco home. Chinese,
Italian, Filipino, Japanese, Mexicanand European—they'reall
there, and most of em don't much like each other.

There's a lot of tension in that town, and there's a lot of
guns. Stress and pistols don't mix too well, but everyone's still

pushin' their way in there, looking for that one sure thing
that'll make 'em as rich as they want to be.

There's plenty of lawmen over there, too, but most of ‘em
can be paid to look the other way if something bad needs to
go down. My guess is it's the vampires that keep the place
standing. They already got a foothold in San Francisco, and I
reckon they ain't gonna just leave.

Place is a little stranger than most because it's so diverse.
There'sall them cultures living together, andall of‘emseemto've
brought alonga supematural or two. I seen things in the shadows
of that town that make me want to investigate, and on closer
inspection, I've seen a few that make me want to never go back.
Ofcourse, | will go back eventually — curiosity is my weakness.

Dodge City, Kansas

Remember what I tellin' you about Abilene?
Well, Dodge City, Kansas makes the whole place seem
sweet in comparison. There's more law in Dodge, but it
ain't any less corrupt. Anything you might want, you
can find there. From the richest treasures to the most
desperate people, seems almost everything comes
through Dodge sooner or later.

Dodge isa little more tolerant of Indians than Abilene,
but only 'cause you ain't as likely to get noticed there as
you are elsewhere. Most of the saloons still won't serve
anyone who ain't white enough, but they'll make excep-
tions if there's enough money involved. The Iron Riders
already have themselves a stronghold in Dodge. Most of
the Leeches stay away ‘cause between the Bone Gnaw-
ers and the Iron Riders, there ain't too much they can
sink their teeth into.

The real problem these days is that the Get of Fenris
and the Fianna are doin' their best to move in on Dodge,
and they ain't exactly bein' quiet about it. There's
already been a few fights, but I suspect it's gonna come
to bloodshed pretty soon, and I don't know that I'd like
to be around when that happens. On the other hand,
bein' around to fan the flames could be interesting.

I hear tell the Uktena are lookin' at the area with a
greedy gleam in their eyes, too. Something big is gonna
happen in Dodge, and I don't think even the Wyrm has
anything to do with this one. Trust me, that's downright
rare these days. What gets to me is wondering what's so
all-fire important to be drawing everybody to the area.
It can't just be the cattle 'cause there ain't any sort of
nonsense like that goin' on in Abilene, and they got
almost as many head of cattle movin' through there as
they do in Dodge.

No. I suspect somebody somewhere knows some-
thing about all this, it's just a matter of training 'em to
speak to me about it.

Denver, Colorado

You wantto talk abouta place that just ain't popular with
the Garou? Let's talk about Denver, Colorado. The whole
thing got built out of two little mining colonies. Silver-
mining colonies. These days, it's the capital of the Colorado
territories and people are perfectly happy to mine silver like
there was no tomorrow. The railroads made it up there to get
the silver, and then they kept goin' west. For a place that's
in the middle of nowhere, Denver is very popular.

Rumor has it that Denver's under the control of
the vampires, who're doin' everything they can to get
their hands on the silver in the area and are also
makin' sure the Garou know they've been grabbin' up

that precious metal.

38 Wild West Companion


WI ce

oe

Winter up that way ain't too pleasant, what with the

amount of snow they get, but the vampires don't seem to
mind. And if a few miners disappear every time the train
gets stuck outside the city, thatain't too surprising, either.

Down Mexico Way

Remember how I said there weren't so many of them Black
Spiral Dancers around as there used to be? Well, I can tell you
it ain't that the rest of the Garou have the upper hand. Fact
of the matter is, I suspect it's the other way around right now.
The Black Spiral Dancers fight dirty, even for Garou.

But right now, they seem to have bigger things on their
plate than whuppin' their cousins in a fight. Something's
goin' on down Mexico way. I don't know just what it is, but
the Black Spiral Dancers seem to like that place a lot.
I've heard stories of them migratin' there like birds
going south for the winter, only they ain't comin'
back. ‘Least ways not yet.

That's just the beginning, though. The vam-
pires are goin' that way, too. Not all of ‘em, just
the mean ones. What? Hell yes, there are some nice

vampires. At least they can pretend to be nice when
they see fit. They like to pretend they're just cursed
humans, not really the Wyrmspawn they are. Others,
the really mean ones, like to acknowledge that they
ain't human, and they celebrate that fact by killing
anything that looks at 'em cross-eyed.

The mean ones are moving to Mexico and maybe
even places further south. A lot of them come back
regularly, take care of some business up this way, and
then run back down there.

You ever hear of the Boot Hill Gang? No?
Where the hell you been hidin'? Anyway,
the Boot Hill Gang is having a good ol' time
robbin' banks, locomotives and the occa-
Lama sional military outpost. A lot of what they

A do in more remote areas looks like noth-

ing more than another Injun attack to

fete the whites, but it's the Boots.

They're vampires from down

Mexico way. The leader's name is
Joseph Hill, but everyone calls him
Boot Hill, like the famous boneyard,
‘cause he don't like to leave any
witnesses behind. He's a scary bas-
tard, but he does have one good
point: He hates Garou. Goes out of
his way to kill them, and he even
uses silver bullets to do the job.
Had mean uppity group of Fianna
come into Abilene not that long ago
while I was making myself at

sss

SAAR


home. They caught one whiff of me and decided I
needed alittle re-educatin' about who's meaner, Garou
or Nuwisha. I let 'em know I thought they were plenty
tough, and they decided to prove it to me.

Bein' as there was five of them and only one of me, they
felt it would be polite to let me live, so's I could tell all the
others how strong and manly they were. Bout a week later,
the Boot Hill Gangcame to town, settled themselves in the
saloon and started looking for trouble. I changed my skin
so I looked like the alpha from that little Fianna pack, and
I pissed on Boot Hill's hat. He was wearin' it at the time, so
why he took that a mite personal.

Him and his boys figured to run me straight out of
town, probably with a few extra holes in my hide. I
made sure they could follow me and ran like the mean
ol' Wyrm itself was chompin' at my heels.

Youcan imagine the looks on those Fiannas' faces when
I ran through their camp. If I'd had one of them camera
things, I'd have taken a photo of the alpha's expression for
posterity. Bout the same time they was preparin' to come
after me, Boot Hill and his fellas showed up. You want to
see how f

ta coyote can climb a tree, you put him in that
situation. While I was hikin' myself up the closest tree, the
boys from Mexico was collectin' five new furs. Five Euro-
pean Garou dead and three of Boot Hill's boys downed at
the same time, and all over a little piss ona leather hat. All
my days should be that much fun!

I ain't a mean guy most of the time, but I reckon
them Irish mutts had it comin' to'em, and I was just the
fella to make sure they got it. Don't take over my Land
and then try to whup on me without a reason. Makes
me a bit itchy for revenge, if you see my point.

Anyhow, there's something goin' on in Mexico. I've
heard tales fora long time of something truly evildown
there, and it looks like maybe whatever it is that's
resting down south of here is thinkin' about waking up
and having a party or two. If I had to guess, I'd say old
Storm Eater is up to something big and is gathering
new forces along the way. 'Course, that ain't none of
my affair, the Garou made that plenty clear.

Mexico ain't a very happy place these days anyhow.
What with losin' Texas and California and everything
in-between when they lost that war of theirs with the
U.S. If that ain't bad enough, you got a lot of Pumonca

and Balam down there, too, and they got their own
little War of Rage goin' good and strong. Anything
gets too close to their territories, they kill and maybe
think about regrettin' what they did later. The Mokolé
down there ain't too much better. Course, these are
Changing Breeds that've had to deal with Europeans a
lot longer than some of us. They know what to expect.

The term "filibuster" comes from the Spanish word,
{filibustero, which means freebooter. The term origi-
nally refers to the buccaneers and pirates who regularly
raid the Spanish colonies in the Americas. Later, it
comes to describe a number of people who feel it'
time for the U.S. to start making colonies of its own
Filibusters take it on themselves to do exactly that.

Around the middle of the 1800s, several groups of
expansion-minded U.S. citizens decide that Mexico
and other places south could make fine colonies for
their growing nation, and they set out to prove it
through conquest and politics.

William Walker is one example of the more mar-
tially minded filibusters. In 1853, he establishes a
state,in Baja, California. After that falls through, he
sets himself up-as the president of Nicaragua. Unfor-
tunately for him, the people who back his plans
financially don't agree with his more radi¢al ideas and
he is ousted a year later. He tries his Itiek again in,
Honduras in 1863, but he is captured and executed as
an enemy of the state a few days later.

Despite Walker's minor successes and large set-
backs, there are still plenty of people perfectly willing
to try the same tricks. Some set their sights on the
ands in South or Central America and some plan to

ake Jamaica, Haiti and other Caribbean islands part
of the U.S. Only the ones who stick to the continental
United States have much success, and even then, they
normally require assistance from the U.S. military.

And with all them Leeches movin' down their way,
you can't really blame 'em for bein' sore.

Mexico already stinks of the Wyrm. That smell is
only getting worse, and there ain't likely too much that
can be done about it. | know a few Garou who have
gone down there and not come back. Maybe they fell
or maybe they joined with their enemies. It's hard to
say. I'm thinkin' about looking into affairs down there
personally, but I don't much know if I feel like puttin'
my neck on the line just now. Maybe next year.

If] were you, I'd think real hard before travelin' down that
way. I mean, the only thing Mexico has that the U.S. don't
have is a nice border that stops the U.S. Marshals from
dragging you back for a hanging. That, and maybe an army
of Wyrmlings lookin' fora place to call their own before they
move back this way and start some serious trouble.

40 Wild West Companion


Stuck in the Middle

There's a lot of good people on both sides of this
war for the Land, but nobody wants to hear about
them. Even now, there are many Mexicans living in
Texas. They're sometimes more European in their
beliefs, but many have the red man's blood in them as
well, and so both sides look down on them as if they
are somehow tainted.

There are European settlers who really just want a
chance to claima piece of land and make a living there,
those who never seek great fortunes or steal the land
from the Pure Ones. Unfortunately, there are the
greedy ones who have made a reputation for them-
selves, and so the simple settlers often suffer retribution
for the crimes of their neighbors. There are many Pure
Ones who do everything they can to get along with the
Europeans, but because a neighboring tribe doesn't
like the whites and makes its point with spear, ax and
arrow, the same thing happens again. Hatred and
misunderstanding mix with the blood already soaked
into the soil and bring forth a bitter fruit.

There are many people who fought to see the black
man freed from his chains, but they now look on him as
an animal because he has chosen to live near them.
There are yellow people from across the sea who cannot
abide the hatred of the whites and so gather themselves
together and stay away from the strange beliefs of their
neighbors. In the process, they make themselves seem
somehow sinister. There are Spaniards angry with the
Europeans, Europeans angry with the Pure Ones, with
the black ones, with the yellow ones and with their own.
There are black ones angry that they were put in chains
and yellow ones who came seekin' fortune and found
only hard work and small wages until they walked away
from the whites. Everyone is angry, and everyone blames
someone else for that anger.

None take the blame for the things they've done
wrong, nor do they forgive the others for any
wrongs committed. Then you can add in the
Pumonca and the Gurahl, the Ananasi and the
Ratkin, the Qualmi and the Corax, the Mokolé
and, yes, even the Nuwisha. And then, my friend,
you can add in the Garou.

There is a war going on to decide the skin color and
philosophy that will rule in the Pure Lands. There is
another war going on to see which Changing Breeds
will be allowed to live here in peace. There are a
hundred wars a day in the Land, and no one is even
certain which war they are fightin' anymore.

Sometimes the Europeans run to find gold and
sometimes they run to hide from their pasts. Some-
times the Pure Ones stand and refuse to move from
their Land and sometimes they fight be > they
have grown tired of moving. Sometimes they fight

au:

simply because they are angry and no longer under-
stand the Land as well as they thought they did. Some
of the black people move west to find something
better than the "freedom" their one-time masters
have given them. Some seek fortune and respect.
Others run from the memories that would drive them
insane if they stayed where they and their families
were kept as possessions and treated with less respect
than a farmer gives his dog. The yellow men came
from other places hopin' to get wealthy on the gold
sought by the Europeans. Most have instead found
comfort in a place that is far from the political
dangers of their homelands.

The Land is vast. The Land has wonders beyond the
reckoning of most people and far beyond the beliefs of
the rest. But the Land is growing too small, and there
is nothing I can do to stop that from happening. I do
not know if I should laugh or if I should cry, and for a
Nuwisha, that is a bad thing indeed.

Chapter One: The Savage West 41



Visions of the Land
of Storms

As the settlers' drive west begins, dark clouds stretch
across the horizon. As the United States Army and the
native inhabitants of the land meet in battle, thunder
echoes across the landscape. As passersby kill bison
from the windows of trains, lightning splinters the
darkness. The turbulent upheavals that occuras America
struggles to expand and fill the New World cast reflec-
tions across the thin veil that separates matter from
spirit. In the reflecting pool that is the spirit world, the
surface is disturbed, ripples spread, and something hid-
den deep inside awakens and thrashes to the surface.

ist on the American

The strife and turmoil that ex
Frontier create the harsh environment of the Storm
Umbra, but in turn the troubles within the spirit world
further aggravate the situation in the Physical Realm.

Add the twisted, malevolent force of the Storm Eater,
and the grim conditions that face the Garou seem
insurmountable.

The Pure Ones' elders agree that in previous times
the spirit world was not as volatile as it is now. When
traveling the Storm Umbra, many spirits appear ap-
prehensive, for they know that sinister forces prowl
the frontier. Gafflings of all types seem to hurry about
their duties with urgency, while Jagglings appear
even more cryptic and reserved. The older Garou find
this change unusual and disconcerting, and they
often cite it as a dreadful portent. The Pure Ones say
that the number of minor Wyld-spirits encountered
while traveling the Middle Lands is noticeably lower,
even alarmingly so, whereas the number of larger,
more dangerous Wyld-spirits is increasing. In addi-
tion, there are reports of spirits, who are obviously
terrified, volunteering to be bound into fetishes so
they can escape destruction.


PRESCOTT

Boundaries of the Storm Umbra

It isa fact established by the immigrating European Garou that the
Storm Umbra surrounding the West is a harsher and more dangerous
environment than elsewhere on Earth. The reason can only be the

constant presence of the Storm Eater and its companion Storm-spirits.

The question remains, however, of why, with the limitle: se of
the Tellurian before it, does the Storm Eater continue to roam the

relatively confined region of the West?

expar

Some Garou believe the Storm Eater has pierced the Membrane at
this pointand now resides within the Deep Umbra. Others think it has
carved a festering, blighted niche for itself high in the Aetherial

rates the Middle Lands from the Deep Umbra, so that it can join the
Triat in the Heavens. While no one understands the true purpos:

S

or motivations of the Storm Eater, the European Garou emi-

grants favor the latter theory; they feel it offers an explanation

of why the tumultuous influence of the Storm

ater is not
widely felt beyond the reaches of the Umbra surrounding
the frontier. The Wyrmcomer Garou believe that while
the Storm Eater continues its relentless assault ona single
point of the Membrane, its influence seeps down and is
felt throughout the Middle Lands and Penumbra of the
Savage West. Some Stargazers have attempted to ex-
plain that this et
of the sun, which occupies a fixed place an incomprehen-

fect is roughly similar to the circumstances

sible distance away but still manages to affect the Earth
with its power. The Pure Ones believe differently. The
S po Wendigo think the Storm Eater haunts the West be-

cause this land is where it was defeated and imprisoned

for so long, and now that it is free, it wants nothing more

than to see the entire continent reduced to a wretched,

gangrenous, uninhabitable Blightscape.

Travelers in the
Land of Storms

There are many ways to travel from one place to
another in the Storm Umbra. Within the Penumbra, where

natural laws governing the Earth are reflected in the spirit
world, notions of distance are nearly identical to what
individuals experience in the Physical Realm, but the paral-
lel does not hold in the Middle Lands. Outside "Earth's
shadow," the natural laws break down. Beyond the Realms,
the concept of distance becomes relative — an advantage and
a disadvantage at once. If an individual knows where she is going,
then covering great distances is no problem when the interven-
9 ing distance is relative. However, if one is not certain of his
‘< location or destination, it is very easy to become disoriented
and lost in an environment where neither distance nor
"landscape" remains constant.


Moon Bridges

Moon Bridges are, without doubt, the most

effective and reliable method of traversing great dis-
tances across the Savage West and beyond; however, even
they have limitations. Normally, Moon Bridges can be opened
only between the caerns of two willing septs. With the strife existing
between the European Garou and the Pure Ones, though, few septs are
willing to receive a Moon Bridge from any tribe but their own. This mistrust
makes travel difficult for both groups. When a Moon Bridge is opened, it arches
through the Penumbra and actually enters the Aetherial Realm of the Middle Lands.
This configuration proves to be extremely useful as a journey of thousands of miles is
contracted and can be completed by walking for less than a day. Because of the immense
spiritual power tapped to open Moon Bridges, however, they often shine like beacons in the
Umbral night, occasionally drawing the attention of voracious Storm-spirits to the caerns involved.
For this reason, Garou seldom open Moon Bridges across the Storm Umbra without first proving to the
elders a genuine need of the septs involved.

Once a traveler starts across a Moon Bridge, there are only two viable points of departure:
the caern where the bridge originates and the caern where it terminates. Characters who step,
or who are knocked, from a Moon Bridge where it arches through the Penumbra can fall
anywhere in the region (Storyteller's discretion). The Garou who leave the bridge after it
Aetherial Realm do not fall, but they become lost in the
Middle Lands of the Storm Umbra. Werewolves cannot step sideways off of a

has crossed into the

Moon Bridge (or after being knocked from one), even if they are able to
concentrate while plummeting toward the unknown. Such unfortunates end up
wherever Gaia's will carries them.

No wonder, then, that Garou feel such dread
toward Umbral storms during this era. Drawn by the
intense emanations of Moon Bridges, such spirits can
wesome damage. To determine if a storm is
capable of destroying a Moon Bridge, the Story-
teller rolls one die for each 20 points of Power the @,

cause

Storm-spirit currently possesses (difficulty 7). If the
number of successes scored is higher than the level of
the caern (see Werewolf: The Wild West, pp. 193-
194) from which it originates, the storm demolishes the
Moon Bridge. Failure on this roll indicates that the
bridge remains standing, but severe damage often *,
results from near-failures. Storytellers should use af
an attack on a Moon Bridge to its fullest dramatic
potential. Several successes beyond the required
number might shatter the bridge like glass and scatter
the traveling pack throughout the Penumbra and Middle
Lands. One success above the level of the caern might

fracture the bridge like an ice floe, thus forcing char-
acters to jump desperately from one unstable piece to
another while the bridge continues to disintegrate
behind them. A near-failure might also fracture the
bridge and threaten total collapse, pushing the
pack to decide whether it is willing to risk journey-
ing farther along the unstable expanse. If the


ZLLP,

attack roll is botched, the Moon Bridge acts as a conduit
by which the associated caerns drain Power from the
assaulting Storm-spirit. The Storm-spirit loses 50 points
of Power (half goes to each caern) for each additional 1
rolled, beyond those that reduce the attempt to zero

es, on the botched effort to destroy the Moon
Bridge. Storm-spirits may make only one attempt to
destroy a Moon Bridge. If a Storm-spirit drops to zero
Power in a botched attempt to destroy one, it dies.
Garou traveling along the bridge or those who are
present at the heart of one of the affected caerns when
such an event occurs recover Gnosis. Garou may not
gain more than their maximum Gnosis, and the total
gained by the group may not exceed the Gnos
sessed by the deceased Storm-spirit.

succes

pos-

When a Storm-spirit loses Power to a caern during an
assault ona Moon Bridge, the spirit attempts to follow the
bridge back to the heart of one of the offending caerns.
Occasionally, if the storm is large enough and the Power
loss particularly traumatic (more than 100 points), the
Storm-spirit can split in two. Such a division drives both
new Storm-spirits insane, and they enter feeding frenzies.
This condition is similar to the frenzy experienced by
Garou, except the storm-spirits have no thought but to
glut themselves on the Power of the two caerns that
forced their creation. If either of these Storm-spirits

survives by destroying one of the involved caerns, it
subsequently wanders the Aetherial Realm and watches
for other Moon Bridges to appear so that it might further
sate its hunger on the caerns of the region.

Smaller Storm-spirits (ones with a current Power
reserve under 100) attracted to a Moon Bridge fre-
quently attempt to settle onto the bridge and follow it
back to one of the caerns. Unless stopped, the malevo-
lent spirit begins to glut itselfon the tremendous energies
of the caern. With sufficient warning, asept may protect
itself by closing the encroached-upon Moon Bridge, but
this action drops everyone and everything still on the
bridge into the Storm Umbra. If a Storm-spirit follows
a Moon Bridge into the heart of a caern, it can easily
begin to drain the Power stored at that site. Caerns have
a Power reserve roughly equal to their level multiplied
by 100. A Storm-spirit absorbs 10 points of Power each
turn in addition to any other actions it wishes to
perform. Because the heart of a caern exists both in the
Storm Umbra and the Physical Realm simultaneously,
any weather phenomena generated by the ravening
Storm-spirit manifest in both regions. Once a Storm-
spirit finds such an abundant source of Power, it is
unwilling (some would suggest, unable) to leave until
all of the energy is consumed; therefore, the spirit must
be destroyed. Any caern that loses more than 100 points

of Power toa feeding Storm-spirit drops by one level and
is subsequently subject to all of the limitations of this
new rating. In addition, a sept cannot tap any of its
caern's powers until a Rite of Cleansing has been per-
formed there. A caern that drops to zero Power is
destroyed, and the previous heart of the caern becomes
a Blight in the Penumbra. These blighted locations are
highly sought after by the Savage West's Black Spiral
Dancers, who forge such Domains into their own
wretched Hives.

Moon-Bridge Assaults

It is possible to force a Moon Bridge to open ina caern
that is not prepared for (or even expecting) the portal to
appear, though the process is extremely difficult. Almost
every tribe considers the unwanted opening of a Moon
Bridge to be an act of aggression, even if the act is
performed during an emergency. And a sept generally
responds in these instances as if it is being invaded.
Although the practice is usually thought dishonorable, it
is a popular tactic among Garou who wish to launch a
surprise attack against a rival sept and thereby skirt
established caern defenses and bawn guardians. To force
a Moon Bridge to successfully open at the proper loca-
tion, the heart of the target caern must first be found.
Sending someone into that caern to reconnoiter the
location is the only way to achieve the accuracy of
information required, which is another reason the Pure
Ones do not welcome visitors from the Old World tribes
into their caerns and vice versa. Once an invading sept
obtains specifics about the locale of a target caern's heart,
the Gatekeeper (the Garou responsible for opening and
monitoring Moon Bridges, and for protecting the sept's
Pathstone) of the caern that initiates the Moon Bridge
begins the assault. His player rolls Wits + Rituals at a
difficulty of 9 minus the level of his caern. This roll is
resisted by the Gatekeeper of the defending caern, whose
player rolls Wits + Rituals at a difficulty of 7 minus the
level of her caern. s that the defender scores
cancels one success for the attacker. After a turn in which

ch succe:

the attacker has more successes than the level of the
defending Gatekeeper's caern, the bridge opens and
Garou may advance across the Moon Bridge toward the
opposing caern. If the Gatekeeper of the defending caern
scores more successes than the attacker, she then gains
the advantage. If the defending Gatekeeper then accu-
mulates more successes than the level of the attacking
caern, the spiritual feedback shatters the attacking
Gatekeeper's Pathstone. Ifa caern loses its Pathstone, the
sept must first replace the rare object in order to open
Moon Bridges again. Such an undertaking requires a
dangerous quest into the Storm Umbra.

48 Wild West Companion


PI

LEER OL

The battle to open a Moon Bridge across the Storm
Umbra in an unreceptive caern tends to attract the
attention of nearby Storm-spirits. If the bridge is suc-
cessfully completed, the voracious spirit tries to follow
it to one of the caerns involved. Any sept that initiates
a battle with another caern and arrives in the company
of a Storm-spirit (even if it is apparent that they are
fleeing from it) is sure to have its reputation perma-
nently and irreparably damaged. The sept is condemned
for allying itself with the minions of the Storm Eater,
and neighboring septs typically band together in an
effort to destroy such an obviously corrupted group.

Moon Paths

Following those natural trails of the Storm Umbra
illuminated by Luna's light is the most common means
of travel throughout the Middle Lands. However, the
presence of powerful Storm-spirits (especially close to
the Penumbra) usually darkens the Umbral skies and
obscures the moon. With Luna's face hidden, Moon
Paths are extremely difficult to distinguish amid the
perpetual, swirling mists that envelop the Middle Lands.
Also, the unexpected disappearance of the moon often
panics the Lunes that guard these trails. Depending on
the size and type of storm, the Storyteller may call fora
Perception + Enigmas roll (difficulty 6-10, depending
on the circumstances) to determine if the characters are
able to locate the obscured trail. The largest and most
powerful storms entirely eclipse the light of Luna, mak-
ing the Moon Paths impossible to follow. The Lunes,
which usually pose a threat to Umbral travelers only
when maddened by the full moon, become agitated
without the reassuring light of their patron, Luna.
When a storm arises and unexpectedly blocks the light
of the moon, panic grips the Lunes. Most flee and attack
anything that stands in their path, but some are para-
lyzed by fear. These pitiable Lunes pose no threat unless
travelers somehow bother them, in which case, the
spirits attack with crazed intensity.

Werewolves who stray from the Moon Paths quickly
become disoriented and lost under the best of circum-
stances —a process hastened by the presence of a storm.
Moon Paths offer no real protection from the effects of
Umbral storms, and Garou traveling these trails are left
terribly exposed. Tremendous winds can blow travelers
off course, or the pack may have to abandon the trail and
seek shelter from a Firestorm or Thunderstorm. Bliz-
zards and Fog completely obscure the paths and allow
voyagers to wander into parts unknown or force them to

waste days traveling in circles.

Chapter Two: The Storm Umbra

Spirit Tracks (Airts)

Since the escape of the Storm Eater, following Spirit
Tracks (or airts, as they are commonly called by Euro-
pean Garou) has become even more dangerous than in
the past. Spirit Tracks are difficult to follow and often
vanish right under a traveler's feet. In addition, they are
frequently prowled by Storm-spirits of all varieties.
Storm-spirits, like natural Weather-spirits, are crea-
tures of habit that follow the same paths across the
Storm Umbra until a source of Power catches their
attention. When they find something to eat, the twisted
Weaver/Wyrm-spirits differ from their natural cousins
by leaving their routine pattern to move in and devour
a source of spiritual energy. At times, this behavior can
produce weather patterns in the Physical Realm that
defy reason. For example, a Blizzard might be drawn to
a powerful spirit that is slumbering in the Penumbral
shadow of Death Valley. When the Storm-spirit moves
in to feast on its unwitting victim, the Blizzard coats the
area in ice. The manifestation of this encounter on the
other side of the Gauntlet is an unnatural cold that
moves through Death Valley and brings a few days of
snow in July.

Some of the smaller Storm-spirits are known to use
heavily trafficked Spirit Tracks as game trails, where
they stalk and kill other spirits by feasting on their
victims' Power. If characters journey along a Spirit
Track for an extended time, or in the company of a large
group of spirits, they attract the attention of a small, but
hungry, Storm-spirit. Young werewolves eager to prove
themselves against the ravages of the Storm Umbra
occasionally make an arrangement witha friendly spirit,
wherein the Garou wait near an established airt for a
Gaffling to attract a Storm-spirit so they can attack it.

Storm Tracks

Similar to Spirit Tracks, Storm Tracks are the paths
left in the wake of a Storm-spirit's passing. The difficulty
to follow a Storm Track through the Penumbra stems
from the type and Power of the Storm-spirit. The greater
the destruction caused by a storm, the easier it is to
follow. A Wits + Investigation roll (difficulty 4-8,
depending on the storm) is required for characters to
track any Storm-spirit they cannot see or that has not
left an obvious path, such asa Firestorm's ora Tornado's.

Following a Storm Track through the Middle Lands
becomes more difficult as the Power of the spirit manifests
in a different manner. The concept of weather has very
little meaning outside the Penumbra or Realms in the
Middle Lands because the traditional laws of nature do

an Nth


SSS
XX

CLD M 1

not strictly apply elsewhere in the spirit world. The true
forms of the Storm-spirits, twisted amalgams of Weaver
and Wyrm, are readily perceived while they roam the
Middle Lands. Also, the weather phenomena that com-
monly accompany Storm-spirits are not constantly active,

although the spirits can generate these effects at will. For
a character to track a Storm-spirit across the Middle
Lands, the player must roll Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 6-
9, depending on the circumstances),

Storm Tracks are dangerous to follow because they
invariably have only one destination: the Storm-spirit
that created them. Several years after the reappearance of
the Storm Eater, it becomes common for packs to under-
take quests to hunt and kill specific Storm-spirits. To
complete such a quest, a pack must, at some point in its
journey, follow the spirit's Storm Track. Also, certain
packs report that diligently following a particular spirit's
Storm Track reveals something of the creature's prefer-
ences and could offer some insight into its future targets.

Storm-spirits are not the only enemies a werewolf is
likely to encounter while following a Storm Track
through the Penumbra. Banes and other malevolent
spirits are attracted to the wreckage caused by the
passing of a storm. These foul spirits come to feed on the
spirits that were injured during the storm, as well as on
the Gafflings that flood the area and attempt to repair
the damage to the Umbral landscape.

The Pattern Web

Garou who emigrate from the Old World are aware
that it is possible to travel the Umbra along the strands
of the great Pattern Web. The practice is, however,
severely curtailed throughout the Savage West because
of the vast expanse of frontier that, for the time being,
remains largely free of the Weaver's influence. As infor-
mation and resources move along them, the threads of
the Pattern Web pulse and writhe with an artificial life
of their own. An individual who manages to gain access
to the Web may skate along the strands from one
location to another. Although this form of transporta-
tion is rapid, it is dangerous and extremely limited; the
Pattern Web is accessible only at Web Domains — sites
of well-established, large-scale industrial development,
such as big cities. Characters traveling east of the
Mississippi may use the Pattern Web to move along the
coast. However, until the completion of the transcon-
tinental railroad in 1889, the threads are not particularly
useful in crossing the continent, and once the line

finished, the creatures of the Weaver commute heavily
trand.

along the single delicate


Travelers along the Web face several dangers. The most
prevalent one is the presence of the Weaver-spirits that
construct and maintain the Web. Getting past these crea-
tures and onto one of the strands is no simple feat. Pattern
Spiders are not very picky about the raw materials they use
to create the Web, and they are more than willing to adda
Garou or two into the mix. The number of Weaver-spirits
along any section of the Web reflects the amount of con-
struction and industrialization in that region.

Another danger that werewolves face while traveling
along the Pattern Web is the possibility of attack by
Wyld-spirits. The number of militant Wyldlings and,
more frighteningly, Wyldstorms, encountered in the
Savage West increases alarmingly after the initial Weaver
expansion into the frontier and the return of the Storm
Eater to the area. Wyld attacks on Weaver constructs
are quite thorough. Any Garou caught on the Web
during the battle is presumed hostile.

In addition, for reasons unknown, Storm-spirits lin-
ger near Web Domains and areas of fledgling Weaver
activity. Some Garou speculate that this attraction
stems from some form of dementia in the s
intolerance of any antiseptic creations of the Weaver
that lack the defiling presence of the Wyrm. Yet, there
is no way to prove this theory. Storm-spirits readily
attack Weaver sites, but with as much intent to distort
as to destroy. Storm-spirits sever delicate strands of the
Pattern Web, or (more often) twist them into foul
Blight Webs and mutate the Pattern Spiders and other
Weaver-spirits intodemented Weaver/Wyrm creatures.
Garou caught in a Web Domain during an Umbral
storm face the dangers of the Storm-spirit, as well as of
the newly twisted Blight Spiders and other denizens.

Blight Webs are frightening Domains of sensele:
creation and destruction. Tangled structures of gleam-
ing metal and foul decay are left undone. Victims of the
Blight Spiders are only partially calcified into the Web,

leaving them alive, struggling and unable to free them-
selves. It is also fair to assume that anything encountered
in a Blight Web is likely to be hostile.

Spirit Gates

Spirit Gates are without question the safest and
fastest method of traveling from one point to another in
the Middle Lands. Garou rarely encounter these mysti-
cal portals. Even when one is found, the traveler cannot
choose his destination. The operation of a Spirit Gate
is unaffected by the presence of an Umbral storm,
except in those rare instances of an entire Realm being
destroyed, such as an attack by a powerful Wyldstorm or
the Storm Eater.

Chapter Two: The Storm Umbra

No records exist of anyone ever finding a Spirit Gate
within the Penumbra, but it is agreed that some may be
there. Theurges believe that if such passages do exist in
the Penumbra, they would be found in the heart of
potent Domains, and they would lead to corresponding
Realms within the Middle Lands.

Riding the Storm

Tales abound of how brave — or foolish — Garou
managed to ride the tides of the Storm Umbra like a
mustang across the Savage West. As fantastic as these
stories may sound, they often prove to be true, if fre-

quently spiced with a liberal dose of exaggeration —
particularly by Ragabash narrators. Werewolves are a
supernaturally hearty race and, as such, are able to
survive otherwise cataclysmic encounters with Storm-
spirits. Characters who venture too close to powerful
storms may find themselves engulfed by furious winds
that can carry them hundreds of miles. (Though survi-
vors invariably prefer the wild mustang simile to the
more accurate comparison with a wind-tossed rag-doll

when later recounting the experience to their septmates.)
Garou suffer damage not only from colliding with debris
carried alongside them in the storm, but also from the
tremendous fall that usually marks the end of sucha wild
ride. Some Garou claim to have been flung clear from
the Penumbra into the Middle Lands. Despite the tales,
this travel method is impossible to control, though the
use of certain Gifts can allow the Garou to slightly
influence the direction in which the storm hurls them.

Garou who need to travel long distances in a short
time and those who are willing to risk complete annihi-
lation can approach the Storm Eater within the
Penumbra. As the spirit's power tears apart the Gaunt-
let and creates Broken Lands, it is also warping the laws
of nature. The "landscape" of the Penumbra seems to
become knotted and fold over itself where the Storm
Eater touches it. Therefore, characters who approach
the Storm Eater in the Penumbra and then step sideways
into the physical world often pass through one of the
Broken Lands and wind up hundreds, even thousands,
of miles away from their starting point. This effect
occurs only in the Penumbra, where distance still has
established meaning. Outside the "Earth's shadow,"
space and distance become relative concepts. Again,
there is no method of controlling distance or even
direction when using the power of the Storm Eater to
travel the Storm Umbra.

This method of travel is arguably the most dangerous,
and it generally occurs accidentally as foolhardy Garou
stray too close to the giant Weaver/Wyrm-spirit.


Characters who intentionally attempt this stunt should
get the impression as they proceed that they are as likely
to be torn limb from limb or blasted out of existence as
they are to wind up traveling anywhere. If the character
foolishly insists on continuing, it is left up to the
Storyteller to determine the outcome.

The American Frontier is a vast expanse that takes
several months to traverse on foot, weeks on horseback
and days by train — once the railroad is completed, near
the end of the century. These two dangerous methods of
travel are mentioned largely as devices for a Storyteller
who wants characters to be able to cover large distances
quickly, or one who wants to send them somewhere
players are reluctant to have their characters go. Story-
tellers should be careful about overusing either of these
methods of travel. Umbral storms, and the Storm Eater
in particular, should be terrifying phenomena — even
for Garou. Having characters walk outside and flag
down the nearest tornado to get from point A to point
B defeats the entire sense of urgency and building dread
that they should feel when entering the Storm Umbra.

Wyrm Tunnels

Considered by many Garou to be little more than
tumor and speculation, Wyrm Tunnels are said to be
sub-Umbral warrens that connect a series of Blights.
Supposedly, the demented Weaver/Wyrm-spirits that
inhabit such Domains construct these dismal passages.
Wyrm Tunnels would undoubtedly be very dangerous
for any creature not born to such a place. However, the
recent appearance of the enigmatic Storm-Born lends
new credence to the frightening prospect of twisted
beings burrowing through the underbelly of the Storm
Umbra to connect sites of misery and disease with one
another.

Storms

Atthe heart of each Umbral storm livesa spirit, or group
of spirits. They generally manifest as weather phenomena,
particularly in the Penumbra, where weather has meaning.
The Gauntlet prevents all but the most powerful Umbral
storms from having any effect on the Realm.

Asmall faction of Stargazers has allied itself with native
Wendigo and Uktena to form a large pack (some say, a
small sept) devoted exclusively to the study of Umbral
storms. These Storm Watchers are often frustrating and
unsettling when encountered because they explain their
research with the urgency and distracted enthusiasm of
zealots — in terms that they themselves created to inter-
pret their findings. They speak of "the mountains' gallop,"

SSS

ZL,

"backward burning," and "the whispered roar." The Storm
Watchers view themselvesasa community of scholars and,
as such, they try to put aside any tribal differences that
might distract them from their work. Most septs do not
respect or trust the Storm Watchers because the group is a
mixture of foreign and native Garou. Despite this preju-
dice, the Storm Watchers do all they can to warn another
sept if they detect a Storm-spirit advancing on its caern.

Weather-spirits

Weather-spirits are the common, working-class spir-
its of nature who serve Gaia as the source and reflection
of all naturally occurring weather. These spirits are
generally Gafflings, or occasionally Jagglings, who ap-
pear in as many different forms and levels of Power as
there are types and intensities of ordinary storms.
Weather-spirits possess a temperament suited to the
climate they represent. For example, Snow-spirits are
typically solitary, unfriendly and indifferent. Rain-
spirits tend to be sullen or moody, while Thunder-spirits
are loud and boisterous. These spirits travel the Storm
Umbra along Spirit Tracks and reflect the normal
weather patterns found in the Physical Realm.

During a naturally occurring storm, characters can step
sideways and locate the spirit responsible for the terrestrial
weather as it roams the Storm Umbra to do its work.

Wyldstorms

Wyldstorms are immense Wyld-spirits similar to Cy-
clones (see Werewolf: the Wild West, p. 277) but up to
100 times more powerful. They are always among the
rarest and most feared Umbral inhabitants, but within
the turmoil of the Storm Umbra, they become distress-
ingly more common. No one is certain why Wyldstorms
target specific locations, or why they appear more often
throughout the Storm Umbra than in other regions.
Some speculate that the Wyld is trying to defend the
Savage West from the encroachments of the Weaver,
whereas others say the increase in Wyldstorms is a mani-
festation of Gaia's attempts to combat the Storm Eater.

Wyldstorms are the purest incarnation of the Wyld
that a Garou is likely to encounter with any hope of
survival. They are the embodiment of creation and
chaotic change. Wyldstorms race through the Storm
Umbra, shatter reality and release the stored spirit
energy from ephemera (the "spirit matter" that com-
poses the Umbra). They thus create new Wyld-spirits
along the way. They destroy the web structures of the
Weaver and obliterate any Blights they encounter.
Their waves of disruption also shatter Moon Bridges,
annihilate weaker Umbral storms, tear apart Domains

50 Wild West Companion


and rend small Realms throughout the Middle Lands. If
a Wyldstorm manages to linger at a specific location in
the Penumbra fora time, it releases a significant portion
of its Power to create a Wyldling Domain.

Any Garou caught in a Wyldstorm might vanish
forever into the Umbral depths, transform into some-
thing else or escape entirely unscathed. Passing through
a Wyldstorm can distort a werewolf's sense of space and
time. Storms that seem to last only an hour can hold
Garou for weeks, months, even years, or they may pass in
a matter of seconds. Characters may find themselves
hundreds or thousands of miles from their previous loca-
tion in the Penumbra, or the Wyldstorm may sweep them
deep into the Middle Lands. Shapeshifters caught in a
Wyldstorm are not able to control their transformations,
and they assume a complete or partially new form every
few moments. In extreme circumstances, at the discre-
tion of the Storyteller, characters may experience
permanent physical or mental changes because of expo-
sure toa Wyldstorm. Individuals who survivea Wyldstorm
escape from all forms of external coercive control, includ-
ing vampiric Blood Bonds or Dominate influence and
Bane possession, as well as alcoholism and other forms of
addiction. Additionally, all spirits bound into fetishes are
released during passage through a Wyldstorm.

No one has ever witnessed a Wyldstorm encountering a
comparably powerful Storm-spirit and returned to tell the
tale of the resulting battle, but it isapparent from visiting the
sites of such clashes that these are awesome events indeed.
Everything is changed. Land that was once familiar becomes
completely unrecognizable — a tree-fringed lake might
become an arid canyon overnight, for example — but these
battles do not seem to cause the amount or type of destruc-
tion to the Umbral and physical landscape that might be
expected. The conflict destroys all Domains. A member of
the Storm Watcher pack believes that these rare conflicts
restore, in these locations, a minute portion of the Triat back
into balance, as it was during the First Times. This notion is
not widely accepted, even among the Storm Watchers. The
general belief is that conflicts of this immensity can be
properly settled only in the farthest reaches of the Deep
Umbra, and so the battles are taken there.

As do many powerful Umbral storms that pass through
the Penumbra, Wyldstorms have an effect on the corre-
sponding location in the physical world. Wyldstorms, as
manifestations of pure chaos, can cause anything, good or
bad, to happen when they enter an area. For example, the
laws of probability might be affected to allow someone to
draw astraight flush three hands ina row —just before other
gamblers shoot her for cheating. The difficulty to perform
certain actions mightbe inet sed. Crops could
spring up overnight. The local landscape may change, or an

sed or decre:

Chapter Two: The Storm Umbra

honest man could be elected to public office. Storytellers are
encouraged to be creative, but they should take great care
not to allow game balance to be permanently unsettled.

The Storm Eater

Most Garou believe the Storm Eater to be a twisted
amalgam of Wyrm corruption and ordered Weaver
structures. Speculation runs rampant that the spirit
itself can no longer maintain a stable form. As the two
facets of its dual nature constantly battle one another,
new limbs, organs and structures are formed, corrupted,
calcified and dismantled only to be reformed (in some
fashion) once again.

Where its influence is felt in the Middle Lands and
Penumbra, the Storm Eater gathers churning, black
clouds in the corresponding area of the Realm. The

relentless wind and deafening thunder swallow the cries
of the storm's victims. At the core of the great Thunder-
storm rages a Tornado of immense power and ferocity.

Everything for miles is torn free and thrown into the
maelstrom to feed the spirit's endless hunger. The storm
surrounding the cyclone is equal parts shattered land-
scape and turbulent atmosphere. Put simply, the Storm
Eater brings inescapable destruction. The wise know to
flee when it approaches.

The Storm Eater starts out as small and relatively
inconspicuous. In ages past, long before the combined
effort of the Wendigo, Uktena and Croatan Tribes first
imprisoned the spirit, the Storm Eater was a Bane. No
one knows what event started the vicious cycle that
turned the Bane into the force of nature it is during the
early days of the Savage West.

Despite the Storm Eater's centuries-long slumber, after
its defeat at the hands of the Pure Ones, the powerful spirit
initially little more than a pale shadow of the creature it
becomes. Storytellers who plan to run a chronicle that
spans the entire 60-plus years of the American Frontierand
the Savage West may consider the pattern that the Storm
Eater follows in gaining power. After its escape during the
1830s, it is incredibly strong; Storytellers should remember
that it took a unified effort by three tribes to previously
defeat it. Each time the characters encounter the Storm
Eater over the years, itshould be noticeably stronger. Hate,
Wyrm-taint, violence, unchecked expansion and the rape
of the land all contribute to its growth — but still it would
not have reached the magnitude described above. Atsome
point, the Storm Eater encounters and consumes a great
Weaver-spirit, adding the Power of its victim to its own. It
is at this time that the Storm Eater makes its great leap to
the High Umbra and becomes a tremendously devastating
force with the ability to shred the Gauntlet and break the


SSN

=|
eZ

ee

very laws of nature. From this point on, due to the Weaver's
influence, the Storm Eater is methodically destructive. It
identifies a target, positions itself and commences feeding
until all of its victims' energies have been consumed,
forming a Blight Domain. Only then does it move on.

The Storm Eater's power to tear the Gauntlet that
separates the Physical Realm from the Penumbra is well-
documented. Not so widely understood is the fact that for
days following the Storm Eater's departure from an area,
creatures are able to pass through the torn Gauntlet,
before it can mend itself, into a portion of the Tellurian
where they don't belong. Spirits from the Storm Umbra,
both malevolent and benign, are free to roam the Physi-
cal Realm, while people and animals might stumble into
the Penumbra. Such displacement gives rise to many
legends of monsters wandering the land, as well as to the
sudden and mysterious disappearance of entire popula-
tions from small frontier communities. For example, the
children in a town of Kinfolk might unexpectedly find
themselves walking through the Storm Umbra rather
than toward home from the schoolhouse.

Another notable effect of the Storm Eater's tearing the
Gauntlet is the creation of the Broken Lands. On the fringes
ofthe Storm Eater'sreach exist these freakish places where the
Gauntlet is torn and the Physical Realm and the Penumbra
are brought into horrible, violent union. Packs that make a
habit of hunting Storm-spirits are sometimes forced to pass
through the disconcerting Broken Lands in pursuit of prey.

The foul and corrupting presence of the Storm Eater is felt
in areas of the Penumbra long after it has moved on. The
destruction to the Umbral landscape is always severe. What
is worse, though, is that the Storm Eater leaves in
what one Galliard described as "an oily film of corruption"
on the ruins. After the Storm Eater leaves, spirits move into
thearea. Some of these spirits feed on the wreckage, but most

come to repair the Umbral damage. However, due to the
power of the Storm Eater and the warping influence of its
residue, many of these otherwise peaceful Gafflings become
corrupted. Rarely do the Weaver and the Wyrm strike a
balance in the minor spirits that fall into the Storm Eater's
sway. Some of these spirits become methodically destruc-
tive, while others deliberately flaw the repairs they are
making to the Umbral landscape. It should be noted that
these corrupted Gafflings are not consciously "evil," rather
they are mindless automatons performing a single task, or
simple set of tasks. Yet, once these spirits are tainted by the
Storm Eater, all of their work is flawed. In this way, even after
the damage caused by the Storm Eater has been repaired,
severe "scar tissue" remains on the surface of the Penumbra.
The significance of such "barbed" Umbral structures for
Garou is the increased risk of becoming stuck sideways in an

effort to reach the spirit world. In game terms, treat any failed
roll to step sideways in such areas as a botch.

Children of the
Storm's Fury

Once the Storm Eater settles in an area to begin its
gluttony, it begins shattering the boundaries of space
and drawing toward itself the ephemera that form the
local "landscape" of the Storm Umbra. The Umbral
rocks, trees and wind, along with any unfortunate spirits
in the area, are torn apart by the tremendous force as
they spiral into the heart of the storm. The Storm Eater
consumes most of this ephemera and the spiritual en-
ergy it stores. Occasionally though, as the vast amounts
of ephemera are torn apart, large pieces come into close
enough proximity that the spiritual energy coalesces
into a new and conscious spirit. Most of the spirits
created in this terrible fashion plummet immediately to
their doom in the raging storm, having experienced

sentience only long enough to miss it when it is torn
from them. But some of these newly created spirits are
either tossed free of the Storm Eater's grasp as their new
spiritual mass changes their trajectory within the vor-
tex, or they coalesce with enough energy to halt their
advance into the mouth of the storm. These potent
young Storm-spirits, created in the violent fury of the
Storm Eater's consuming hunger, are
corrupted to resemble their sire. The Storm

els with a pack of these young Storm-spirits, who ling
to their progenitor like remora toa shark and feed on the
swirling ephemera and spiritual Power. The ravenous
young Storm-spirits often glut themselves on one an-
other, growing in power until they are strong enough to
set out on their own, or until they attract the Storm
Eater's attention and are consumed by it.

Tornadoes

These Storm-spirits most closely resemble their sire,
the Storm Eater. Just as their name implies, these storms
manifest in the Penumbra as Tornadoes that vary in size
and intensity depending on the Power of the spirit.

Smaller Tornadoes frequently cause unexplained
devastation as they destroy the Umbral reflection of
objects that exist in the physical world. For example, a
Tornado sweeps through a Penumbral forest and up-
roots its trees. Soon after, the corresponding forest in
the Realm dies for no apparent reason. Also, when small
Tornadoes strike a populated area, they cause wild
mood swings in the inhabitants.

Wild West Companion


Blizzards

Blizzards, perhaps the most methodical and deliberate of
all Storm-spirits, rarely rush into a situation. Blizzards are
notoriously slow eaters. They prefer to isolate their prey
and feed over time. For example, once they find a source of
Power, Blizzards often bury the surrounding area in snow
and ice, making it extremely difficult for anything to enter
or leave that section of the Penumbra. The Storm-spirit
then proceeds to devour all local spiritual energy. Because
of the time required by this feeding practice, Blizzards often
"hole up" in an area of the Penumbra for months at a time.
When Blizzards come across a spirit or other individual
they want to consume, they can freeze the victim and
consume it at their leisure. Blizzards are known to keep
stashes of immobilized victims carefully hidden through-
out the Storm Umbra for use as future meals.

When Blizzards enter a region of the Penumbra, they
can bring colder temperatures to the corresponding loc:
tion in the Physical Realm. In populated areas, Blizzards
tend to generate feelings of intense paranoia and xeno-
phobia in the inhabitants. They also bring famine with
them as they devour the Umbral reflection of some local
crops, or their unseasonably cool attendant temperatures
interfere with normal crop development.

Firestorms

Firestorms are the most impulsive and mercurial of the
major Storm-spirits. They are also among the most blatantly

destructive. In the Penumbra, Firestorms appear as anything
from a massive wall of flame sweeping across the Umbral
plains to a huge, burning vortex. They tend to destroy a
location with an inherent source of Power before they have
a chance to consume much of it. Therefore, these Storm-
spiritsgain most of theirsustenance by huntingand devouring
other spirits, which makes them extremely feared. All
damage inflicted by Firestorms is aggravated. Due to their
predatory and quixotic nature, Firestorms do notstay in one
location for any considerable length of time.

Whilesweeping through an area, Firestormscan generate
intense hostility and anger in the populace of the Physical
Realm. Disputes may become violent. The intensity of the
emotions and the degree of violence they generate depend
on the Power of the Storm-spirit. Smaller spirits generate
numerous brawls in an area, while more powerful spirits may
inciteamassacreamongotherwisedecentcitizens. Firestorms
usually stay ina region for only a few hours, or a day at most,
so these emotions recede just as quickly as they surface,
leaving the population confused and horrified at the things
they have done. The Storyteller may call for frequent frenzy
or Willpower rolls from players as a Firestorm-spirit affects
their characters' reasoning and judgment.

Thunderstorms

Thunderstorms are the most common form of Storm-
spirit. They appearas large, dark rainclouds accompanied
by howling, gale-force winds, stinging rain that can feel
like nails piercing flesh, and the tooth-shattering crash
of thunder and lightning — always lots of lightning. If
the Storm-spirits had a warrior class, Thunderstorms
would be it. One Get of Fenris Ragabash christened
them the "blitzspritzen," much to his own amusement,
until his pack's Philodox pointed out that unfortunately
these Storm-spirits were extremely effective at attack-
ing caerns, converting the Penumbra into a wretched
Blightscape and slaughtering Wyld-spirits (after which
the Ragabash renamed them "filthy, stinking sheep-
biters"). Thunderstorms are dedicated and persistent
Storm-spirits. Once they identify a target, they spend
whatever time is necessary to conquer it. The Wendigo
talk of a Wyrmcomer pack that caught the attention of
a Thunderstorm and was pursued by it for two full moons
across much of the frontier territory.

When a Thunderstorm settles into an area of the
Penumbra, it h:
beyond the Gauntlet than other Storm-spirits. The
Weaver influence of many of the Storm-spirits is quickly
overshadowed by their Wyrm components, oftentimes
creating in the act of destroying. Not so with Thunder-
storms. Because of their obsessive dedication, these
Storm-spirits focus heavily on one aspect of their nature
ata time. Thunderstorms first nourish a source of Power
and encourage it to grow, then they engorge themselves
on its spiritual energy, like a hog being overfed before
slaughter. This effect manifests in the Physical Realm as
periods of tremendous prosperity followed quickly by
absolute ruin. For example, local crops might grow to
enormous proportions in a matter of weeks, only to rot
within days, even hours. Another common example is
the discovery of a rich deposit of precious metals that
s the local population to increase drastically in just
a few months. Then, the deposit suddenly dries up and
the boomtown is abandoned within days. Characters
may experience a brief stretch of tremendous good
fortune that is inevitably followed by disastrous ruin
unless the Thunderstorm responsible can be defeated.

Fog

Umbral Fog is the subtlest — and some say, the most
malevolent — of the major Storm-spirits. As the name
implies, while in the Penumbra, this Storm-spirit ap-
virling mass of gray mist, whose density and
shade vary from barely visible to physically palpable.
Because they are often difficult to perceive, these spirits
can usually feed without notice. Umbral Fog has an

far different effect on the region just

cau:

pears as as

Chapter Two: The Storm Umbra 53


SSTSN

ZEAL,

ability unique among Storm-spirits: possession. Large
spirits are able to divide their essence and control
several individuals at once, the effect being similar to a
hive of bees — several bodies controlled by one mind.
During such possession, all affected individuals must
remain in close proximity to one another.

When an Umbral Fog enters a region of the Penumbra,
the inhabitants of the corresponding area of the Physical
Realm experience depression and listlessness. Depending
on the Power of the spirit, the effects may range froma lack
of motivation to increasing the difficulty for some actions.
In cases of extremely powerful spirits, the number of
successes required may increase. Characters can make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to ignore the increased penal-
ties for one scene. However, if the roll is botched, the
penalty doubles for the remainder of the "storm." There
have even been a few instances in which the Fog has
induced Harano (the deep, long-lasting spiritual depres-
sion that can plague shapeshifters) in certain Garou.

Although even the most powerful of these Storm-
spirits is not able to shatter Moon Bridges, Fogs are the
most pernicious at using such pathways to gain access
into the heart of caerns. These spirits can seep into a
caern through an open Moon Bridge with such stealth
that only the most vigilant of Caern-warders and
Gatekeepers can detect their approach.

Wandering the
Storm Lands

It is said that within the Storm Umbra, all things
exist and anything is possible. Certainly, the spirit
world is rich with possibilities for drama and adventure
that is limited only by the imaginations of the players
and the Storyteller.

Garou versus Storm Eater

The Garou are obviously concerned about the Storm
Eater and its activities. Although they realize that an
attack against it in the Storm Umbra would be foolish,
they understand that it cannot be ignored. Many packs
are dispatched to observe the Storm Eater and to report
on its activities. These storm chasers often take on the
uncomfortable role of harbingers of doom as they have to
get word to caerns that the Storm Eater is approaching.

Finding information on the origin and intents of the
Storm Eater is currently a very popular subject of Um-
bral quests. Packs are being sent far and wide throughout
the Storm Umbra in the hopes of discovering some
method to its actions so that its attacks might be
predicted. So far, the mysteries surrounding this terrible
creature have only deepened.

Garou versus Storm-spirits

To contend with Storm-spirits and their effects is the
most common reason Garou enter the Storm Umbra of the
Savage West. When the inexplicable occurs, the answers
can usually be found in the spirit world, and a Storm-spirit
can usually be found at the heart of the problem. Garou
must sometimes hunt down Storm-spirits, rescue people
who've wandered into the Storm Umbra through a tear in
the Gauntlet, and repair the Broken Lands.

The Umbral Quest

The Umbral quest has always been an important part
of Garou culture. Young werewolves eager to prove
themselves often undertake forays into the Storm Um-
brato recover ancient fetishes for use against the enemies
of their sept. However, the Storm Umbra, more than
just a storehouse of treasures, is a place of great mystery
and wonder. The quest for knowledge is just as valuable
and respected as any quest for things. A pack may be
sent into the Storm Umbra to search for answers to
dilemmas facing its sept.

Garou versus Weaver

The forces of industrialization have turned their eye
toward the Savage West. Settlers are moving west and
bringing their towns and factories with them. Miners, in
their senseless cupidity, are burrowing like maggots into
Gaia's flesh in search of shiny things. The transconti-
nental railway is not just a dream, it is quickly becoming
areality. The Weaver is threatening to cover the great
American wilderness in its choking web, and the Garou's
duty is to stop it. As the New World shrinks and the U.S.
grows, the expansion threatens various sacred and mys-
tical places. Garou may have to sabotage the progress of
a rail line that threatens their caern by severing its
connection to the Pattern Web, or shut down a mine
before the digging awakens an ancient, slumbering evil
buried deep in the bowels of the earth.

Garou versus Wyrm

The Wyrm's foothold on the Savage West is rela-
tively weak, but with most Garou's attention turned
toward the Storm Eater, the Wyrm is free to enjoy its
most prosperous season of expansion in ages. The min-
ions of the Wyrm are as busy as ever working to corrupt
anything and anyone they can get their festering claws
on. Some have even learned to watch for the passing of
the Storm Eater and move through the weakened or
torn Gauntlet in its wake.

Garou versus Wyld

The Wyld is marshaling its forces to defend the
frontier of the Savage West, and it's not letting any-
thing stand in the way. Characters may be sent to

Wild West Companion


5<
&
S

investigate a gathering of Wyld-spirits, or to track the
progress of a Wyldstorm as it wends its way across the
Savage West. As any Ragabash will tell you, the

trouble with pure chaos is that it is so unpredictable

Garou versus Garou

The spirit world has always been a potent
battleground for the Garou, and the
Storm Umbra is no exception. The
European Garou are always looking
toacquire new caerns tostrengthen
their position in the New World
and to facilitate the arrival of
their tribemates; whereas, at
the same time, the Pure Ones
are always looking to re-
cover caerns already taken
from them.



Merits and Flaws

Merits and Flaws are character Traits that spice up
your Wild West chronicle. Merits are assorted boons to
acharacter, whereas Flaws are different drawbacks from
which a character might suffer. Some of these Traits do
little more in game terms than add a little panache;
others can throw a chronicle out of whack altogether or
alter its focus utterly. Powerful Merits or Flaws shape a
character's destiny and any relationships she has.

When you create a character in Werewolf: The Wild
West, you receive 15 "freebie points" to assign to what-
ever Traits you like as a way of giving your character the
finishing touches that make her unique. The optional
system of Merits and Flaws expands on this idea and
allows you to personalize your character further

Merits may be purchased only with freebie points and
only during character conception. Flaws provide

additional freebies to spend, again, only during initial
conception. You may take a maximum of seven points of
Flaws, which limits your potential freebie points toa total
of 22. Some Merits and Flaws have variable point costs;
these Traits offer more leeway in character creation.

Merits and Flaws are provided to flesh-out a charac-
ter and add new story hooks and details, not to let
power-gamers min-max their characters into war ma-
chines. Make sure that the Storyteller allows these
options in the chronicle before creating characters
based on them. Each chronicle is unique, so there's no
telling what restrictions or changes the Storyteller may
have in mind. There's no right or wrong way, just what
works for everyone.

Some Flaws are marked as possible alternate deformi-
ties for metis characters (such as Deranged, Blind or
Monstrous). Remember that although you can take
such a Flaw as your metis disfigurement, in no case do
you gain freebie points for that Flaw. Of course, you can


+] hy Apps
ZILA, Le

receive freebie points for any additional Flaws you take
beyond the disfigurement — a truly unlucky metis could
be born blind, mad and hideous — but at least one

deformity must be taken without recompense. Such is

the metis curse.

Psychological

These Merits and Flaws deal with the psychological
makeup of your character. More than simple personality
sor

quirks, they detail overpowering motivations, ideal
pathologies. Some psychological Flaws can be ignored
temporarily through the expenditure of a Willpower
point, and they are so noted. If you take such a Flaw and
don't roleplay it when the Storyteller thinks you should,
then he may tell you that you have spent a point of
Willpower for the effort. Flaws cannot be easily ignored.

of a = =
Code of Honor. (1 pomt Merit)
You have a strict personal code of ethics that you
cannot ignore. You can resist with ease most entice-
ments that would bring you in conflict with your code.
When battling supernatural persuasion (Mind magick,
the vampiric Discipline Dominate, etc.) that would
make you violate your
code, either you

gain three ex-

tra dice

to resist or your opponent's difficulties increase by
two (Storyteller's choice). You must construct your own
personal code, and commitment can vary.

Berserker: (2 point Merit)

You feel the Rage burning inside you, and you know
how to direct it toward your enemies. You have the
ability to frenzy at will and, thus, you can ignore your
wound penalties. However, you must pay the conse-
quences of any actions you commit while in frenzy, just
as you would otherwise. Also, you have the same chance
of going into frenzy even when you don't wish to do so.

i ‘
Compulsion: (1 point Flaw)
You have a quirk of some sort, one that can cause you

a great number of problems. Your compulsion may be for

preening, pilfering or prevaricating, stealing, gambling,
gabbing or plain old gluttony. The only way to avoid
your compulsion, even for a little while, is to spend a
Willpower point (Storyteller's discretion as to how long
you resist the urge), but it affects you at all other times.

Dark Secret: (1 point Flaw)

You have some sort of secret that, if uncovered,
would be a serious embarrassment to you and would
make you a pariah in the Garou community. It can be
anything from having murdered an elder to having
indulged in an affair with a fellow Garou (charach is a

fighting word in this era) to having told a group of
mockeries a caern's location in exchange for your life.
While this secret is on your mind at all times, it comes
up in stories only once ina while — but when it does,
watch out.


EPROP

Intolerance: (1 point Flaw)

You have an irrational dislike ofa certain thing. It may
bea varmint, a people, a situation or just about anything.
You have a +2 difficulty on all dice rolls that involve the
object of dislike. Note that some dislikes may be too
trivial or ridiculous to count; a dislike of deerskin mocca-
sins or of a certain type of cheroot, for instance, has no
real dramatic value and shouldn't be allowed. The Story-
teller is the final arbiter of what you can pick to dislike.
Garou cannot take an intolerance of the Wyrm; it's
already a common notion and scarcely a Flaw.

Nightmares: (1 point Flaw)

You experience horrendous nightmares every time
you sleep, and memories of them haunt you during your
waking hours. Sometimes the nightmares are so horrific
that they cause you to lose one die onall your actions for
the next day (Storyteller's discretion). Some night-
mares may be so intense that you mistake them for
reality; a crafty Storyteller will be quick to take advan-
tage of this Flaw.

Overconfident (1 point Flaw)

You are the best, baddest, most ornery hombre there
ever was, and you know it. You have an exaggerated and
unshakable opinion of your own worth and capabilities.
You display no hesitation in trusting your abilities, even
in situations in which you risk defeat. Yet, because your
abilities may not be up to snuff, this Flaw can be very
dangerous. When you fail, you're quick to find someone
or something other than yourself to blame. If you are
convincing enough, you infect others with your over-
confidence.

Phobia: (1 or 3 point Flaw)

You have an overpowering fear of something. You
instinctively retreat from and avoid the object of your
fear. Common objects of phobias include certain beasts
or bugs, crowds, open spaces, tight spaces, and heights.
If you suffer from a mild phobia (1 point), you must roll
Willpower when you encounter the object of your fear.
The Storyteller determines the difficulty of this roll; if
you get fewer than three successes, you refuse to ap-
proach the object or situation in question, and if you
fail, you flee. If your phobia is severe (3 points), you must
make a frenzy roll not to go into a fox frenzy when faced
with the object of your fear. The Storyteller has final say
on which phobias are permitted in a chronicle.

Wa

Skittish: (1 point Flaw)

You are distinctly ill at ease when dealing with
people, and you try toavoid social entanglements when-
ever possible. All rolls that concern social dealings with
other folks are at +1 difficulty, and any roll made while
you are the center of attention is at +2 difficulty. Don't
expect to make a public speech.

Soft-Hearted: (1 point Flaw

You cannot abide seeing others suffer; maybe you're
a true pillar of compassion, or maybe you're just a cool
customer who dislikes intense emotion. If you directly

cause someone's suffering while that person is with you,
you experience sleepless grief and nausea for days. You
avoid situations in which you might have to observe
suffering and do anything you can to protect others from
it as well. Whenever you must witness it, difficulties on
all your rolls increase by two for the next hour.

=
Speech Impediment:

=
{1 point Flaw)

What comes out of your mouth can stump even the
ablest interpreters of frontier gibberish or pidgin En-
glish. Your stammer turns a simple "hello" into utter
Hell (even in the Garou tongue). Make all relevant rolls
at a +2 difficulty. You aren't obliged to roleplay this
impediment constantly, but you should attempt to simu-
late it in times of duress, or when dealing with strangers.

Curiosity: (2 point Flaw)
You're a naturally curious person and find mysteries
of any sort irresistible. In most circumstances, you find
that your curiosity easily overrides your common sense.
To resist the temptation, make a Wits roll. The diffi-
culty is 5 for simple things ("I wonder what's in that shed
over yonder"), but it can rise as high as 9 in intense
circumstances ("Where'd this Moon Bridge come from?
Reckon I'd best go check it out. What could go wrong?").

Low Self-Image: (2 point Flaw)

You just don't believe in yourself. You have two fewer

dice in situations in which you don't expect to succeed (at
the Storyteller's discretion, though she might limit this
penalty to one die if you do the right thing and point out
times when this Flaw mightaffect you). Atthe Storyteller's
option, you may have to make Willpower rolls to do
things that require self-confidence, or even to use a
Willpower point when others are not obliged to do so.


Pack Mentality:
{2 point Flaw)

The pack is your life; without it, you're a

nobody. Who youare is so tied to your pack that
you always think in terms of "us" rather
than "me." When youare with at least one
packmate, you receive a —1 on all pack |
tactics difficulties; when alone, you re-
ceive a +1 to all difficulties. You are so
dependent on your pack that sometimes
you can't make decisions without them —
even if you are the alpha. The Storyteller
may decide you have to make a Willpower
roll or spend a Willpower point to act on your
own in a stressful situation.

Short Fuse:
=
{2 point Flaw)
The difficulty of your frenzy rolls isalwaystwo  /
less, no matter how youare provoked. The Wyrm's
touch on you is stronger than normal and you fall

more easily into the "thrall of the Wyrm." This Flaw

is a dangerous one; don't choose it lightly.

Vengeance:
{2 point Flaw)
You are out for revenge — perhaps the caern you
belonged to has been destroyed, the Wyrm changed
your best friend into a mockery or your kin were brutally
murdered. This catalyst may be something from your
days before the Change, or from your life as a werewolf.
Either way, you are obsessed with wreaking vengeance
onan individual (or perhaps an entire group), and you
make it your first priority in all situations. The need for
vengeance can be overcome only by spending Will-
power points, and even then, it subsides just tempo-
rarily. You may have your revenge some day, but the
Storyteller won't make it easy.

Deranged: (3 point Flaw)

Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are
permanently insane. You may have been born with a
brain disorder, or you were driven mad by seeing things
you weren't meant to see. Choose a Derangement for
your character. Although you can temporarily over-
come this insanity with Willpower, you can never
permanently rid yourself of its grip. Metis can take this
Flaw as their deformity.


Driving Goal: (3 point Flaw)

You have a personal goal that prods you in sometimes

startling directions. The goal is always limitless in depth
and can never be achieved. It could be to stop the
constant bickering and warring between the Garou tribes,
or to unite the Pure Ones with the immigrant Garou and
destroy the Wyrm once and for all. Because you must
work toward your goal throughout the chronicle (though
you can avoid it for short periods by spending Will-
power), it gets you into trouble continually and may
jeopardize other goals; other Garou probably won't share
your vision, and they may look down on you as being
distracted from the true war. Choose your goal carefully,
as it directs and focuses everything your character does.

Hatred: (3 point Flaw)
You have an unreasoning and nigh-uncontrollable
animosity toward a certain thing. You may hate a
particular vicinity, an ethnic group, a situation —
almost anything. You must make a frenzy roll whenever
you face the object of your hatred. You constantly
pursue opportunities to injure, destroy or control your
nemesis, so much so that your reasoning is clouded.

Territorial: (3 point Flaw)

You don't like to stray outside your territory, nor do you
like to have strangers enter it. In fact, you get so flustered
and disoriented while away from your territory that you are
at +1 onall difficulties. In addition, you must make a frenzy
roll not to attack intruders entering your territory, unless
they obtain your permission to pass through. (Some ex-

amples of a territory are a town and its surrounding area, a
part of a forest or possibly a wagon train and the town it
settles. A territory is not, for example, the New Mexico
Territory or the Oklahoma Territory.)

Mental

These Merits and Flaws deal with the mind's strengths,
weaknesses and special capacities.

Common Sense: (1 point Merit)
You have a passel of practical, everyday wisdom. If
you're about to do something counter to common sense,
the Storyteller may alert you to what youare trying todo
and how it might violate practicality. This Merit is ideal
for a novice player, as it allows you to receive advice
from the Storyteller on what you can and can't do, and

(more importantly) what you should and shouldn't do.
This Merit cannot be taken with the Flaw: Tenderfoot.

= = .
Concentration: (1 point Merit)
You have learned to focus your mind, to shut out
botheration and nuisances. Any negative modifier to a
Dice Pool or difficulty that arises froma distraction or other
inauspicious circumstance is limited to two. A character
with this Merit may not take the Flaw: Absent-Minded.

Perfect Recall:
{2 point Merit)

You have a steel-trap memory and recall things seen
and heard with perfect detail. By gaining at least one
success on an Intelligence + Alertness roll, you remem-
ber any sight or sound accurately, even if you heard it or
glanced at it only once (although the difficulty of such
a feat would be high). Five successes enable you to
remember an event perfectly; the Storyteller relates to
you exactly what was seen or heard.

Calm Heart (3 point Merit)
You are naturally tame-tempered and unflappable,

and you rarely fly off the handle. Raise the difficulty on
all your frenzy rolls by two, no matter how the incident

is provoked.

Iron Wil: ( point Merit)

When you are determined and your mind is set on
something, nothing diverts you from your goal. You
cannot be Dominated by vampires; wraiths or mages
using mental attacks against you gain an additional
three to their difficulties if you are aware of them and
resisting. However, the additional mental defense costs
you one Willpower point per turn. Even if you are
unaware of an attack, anyone attempting to influence
you magically must add one to her difficulty.

Self-Confidence
{5 point Merit)

When you spend a point of Willpower to gain an
allow you to

automatic success, your self-confidence ma

gain the benefit of that expenditure without actually
losing the Willpower point. When you declare that you
are using a point of Willpower foran extra success, you do
not lose the point of Willpower unless you fail the roll. As
this Merit may be used only when you need confidence in
your abilities in order to succeed, it can come into play
only when the difficulty of your roll is 6 or higher. You
may spend Willpower at other times; however, if the
difficulty is 5 or less, this Merit won't help you.

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character 61


Amnesia: (2 point Flaw)

You are unable to remember your past or anything of
yourself of your family: Your life is blank slate. How-
ever, your past may some day come back to haunt you.
(You can, if you wish, take up to five points of other
Flaws without specifying what they are. The Storyteller
can supply the details. Over the course of the chronicle,
you and your character slowly discover them.)

Weak-Willed: (2 point Flaw)

You are highly susceptible to Dominate and intimi-
dation; you are, in fact, unable to use your Willpower
freely. You can roll' or spend Willpower only when
survival is at stake, or when it is appropriate to your
auspice or Nature.

Absent-Minded:
{3 point Flaw)

Your packmates always say that you'd lose your head

if it wasn't attached. You've got such a bad memory that
, much less,

you barely remember what you did y
last week. You don't forget Knowledges or Skills, but
you do forget names, routes, and when you ate last. In
order to remember anything more than your own name
and the location of your caern, make a Wits roll or, as a
last resort, expend a Willpower point. This Flaw may
not be taken with the Merit: Concentration.

Awareness

These Merits and Flaws involve your senses and
perception (or lack thereof).

Eagle-Eyed: (1 point Merit)

You have exceptionally sharp eyesight and are almost
able to find that needle strategically placed in the
haystack just by glancing in the general direction of the
pile. The difficulties of all your dice rolls related to sight
decrease by two. You may not take the Flaw: Blind if you
take this Merit.

Sharp-Eared: (1 point Merit)

Your hearing is incredible. You can hear a pin drop

upstairs in the cathouse next to the bar where you're
currently engaged in a brawl. The difficulties of all dice
rolls related to hearing decrease by two. You may not
take the Flaw: Hard of Hearing if you take this Merit.

Color Blind: (1 point Flaw)

and white, no matter what

You can see only in blac
form you take. Color means nothing to you, although
you can distinguish gradations in shade, which you
perceive as varieties of gray. (Yes, color blindness actu-
ally indicates an inability to distinguish between colors,
but we fudged a bit for the sake of brevity.) This Flaw is
common among lupus.

Hard of Hearing:
{i point Flaw)

Your hearing is defective. Your first clue to a ruckus
behind you in the saloon usually has to come from the
mirror. Your difficulties for all dice rolls related to hearing
are increased by two. You receive the Lupus form Percep-
tion bonus only to olfactory checks. You may not take the
Merit: Sharp-Eared if you take this Flaw.

One-Eyed: (2 point Flaw)

You can't see out of one eye — because it's not there.

You have no peripheral vision on your blind side, and you
must roll two fewer dice when a situation involves depth
perception (including ranged combat). Metis characters
may take this Flaw as their metis disfigurement. Addition-
ally, a metis character who takes this Flaw as her deformity
may have a cyclopean appearance, with the one eye
centered on her forehead. This can well affect her social
life, increasing the difficulties of all Social rolls by two.
Such a metis may have no peripheral vi:

E
Deaf: (4 point Flaw)

You're lucky youstill have your sight, although you get
tired of being spooked when people walk up behind you.

ion whatsoever.

You cannot hear sound — you feel the vibrations of very

loud noises, nothing more — and automatically fail any
rolls that require hearing. Metis characters may take this

Flaw as their metis disfigurement.

Blind: (6 point Flaw)
You're completely blind, and you automatically fail

all dice rolls involving vision. Metis may take this Flaw
as a metis deformity.

82 Wild West Companion


LER PP

Le

xX

Aptitudes
These Merits and Flaws establish special capacities

and abilities for your character, or they modify the
effects and powers of your character's other abilities.

. .
Animal Magnetism:
= =
{i point Merit)
You are especially comely to others of your breed. You
receive a —2 difficulty on seduction or animal attraction

rolls (which may inspire some jealousy in others who view
you as "competition").

Stunt Rider: (1 point Merit)

You have a natural way with horses and other four-
legged modes of transport. The difficulties of all rolls
requiring risky or especially difficult riding maneuvers
are reduced by two.

Ambidextrous: (2 point Merit)

You have a high degree of off-hand dexterity and can
perform tasks with the "wrong" hand at no penalty. The
normal penalty for using both hands at once to perform
different tasks (such as fighting with a weapon in each
hand) is +1 difficulty for the "right" hand and +3

difficulty for the other hand; with this Merit, the pen-
alty falls to +1 for each hand.

Natural Linguist:
{2 point Merit)

You have a flair for languages. This Merit does not
allow you to learn more languages than are permitted by

your Linguistics score, but you may add three dice to any
roll involving languages (both written and spoken).

Daredevil: (3 point Merit)

Even angels fear to follow in your tracks. You are good
at taking risks and even better at surviving them. All
difficulties are at—2 whenever you try something excep-
tionally dangerous, and you can ignore asingle 1 onsuch
rolls (as if you had an extra success).

Perfect Balance:
{3 point Merit)
Your sense of balance is acute thanks to constant

training or inherited traits. It's very unlikely that you'll
ever fall during your life. You may trip, but you always

catch yourself before you fully lose your footing or
handhold. Having this Merit aids such actions as tight-
rope walking, crossing ice and climbing mountains; all
such feats are at —3 difficulty.

Jack-of-All-Trades:
=
{5 point Merit)

You have a large pool of Skills and Knowledges to
draw on — obtained through your extensive travels, the
jobs you've held, or just all-around know-how. You
automatically have one dot in all Skill and Knowledge
Dice Pools. This level is illusory and is used only to
simulate a wide range of abilities. If you train or spend
experience in the Skill or Knowledge, you must pay the
point cost for the first level a "second time" before
raising the Skill or Knowledge to two dots. Lupus
characters cannot take this Merit.

Uneducated: (1 point Flaw)

Life in a small prairie town or in the wild sometimes

means that you don't get any schooling. Because you
have never attended a day of school in your life or you
had to drop out to take up the mantle of the household,
you have five points less to spend on your Knowledge
Abilities (so the most you could take would be 8, and the
least would be zero). Of course, you can still spend
freebie points to take Knowledges. However, you can-
not have any Knowledge at level 3 or higher at the start
of the game. Lupus characters cannot take this Flaw.

Unskilled: (3 point Flaw)

While you might have drifted from job to job, you
never trained extensively in any trade or craft and
therefore have five points less to spend on your Skills (so
the most you could take on your Skills would be 8, and
the least would be zero). Of course, you can still spend
freebie points to take Skills. However, you cannot have
any Skill at level 3 or higher at the start of the game.
Lupus may not have this Flaw.

Inept: (5 point Flaw)

You are not attuned to your natural aptitudes, and
therefore have five points less to spend on your Talents
(so the most you could take on your Talents would be 8,
and the least would be zero). Of course, you can still
spend freebie points to take Talents. However, you
cannot have any Talent at level 3 or higher at the start
of the game.


9 ASSESS

ZLLL,

Supernatural

These Merits and Flaws are all some sort of super-

natural benefit or detriment. Because of the potential of
these particular Traits, the Storyteller might not allow
you to choose from this category — ask before you pick
any. Furthermore, you should not select such Traits
unless they firmly fit your character concept and you

can explain why your character possesses them. In

general, it is not recommended that anyone have more
than one or two supernatural Merits or Flaws — they
should be under the Storyteller's strict control.

Ancestor Ally: (1 point Merit)
You are strongly linked to your ancestral heritage.

This Merit allows you to unite with one particular Past
Life; the difficulty to channel her is two less.

reate the
ancestor: Give her a name, abilities for which she was
best known and how renowned she was among other
Garou. You must have the Background: Past Life to
purchase this Merit.

, ‘
Moon-Bound: (2 point Merit)

People call you superstitious, but you feel the
power of the moon and the effects it has on you when

it waxes and wanes. When your auspice's moon phase

is waxing, you receive one extra die to all rolls
However, when your moon phase is waning, you lose
one die from all rolls.

Danger Sense: (3 point Merit)

On the trail of those mockeries who destroyed the village,
as you walk into the chasm that leads to their hideout,

sometimes the only thing that can save you is the prickling
of hairs on the back of your neck to let you know somebody's
got the drop on you. This sixth sense warns you of danger.
When your character is in danger, the Storyteller should

make a secret roll against your Perception + Alertness; the
difficulty corresponds to the remoteness of the danger. If the
roll succeeds, the Storyteller tells you that you have a sense
of foreboding. Multiple successes may refine the feeling and

give an indication of direction, distance or nature.

Luck: (3 point Merit)

Lucky at cards, but unlucky at love? Not you, you're

lucky all around. Maybe you were born lucky; maybe
someone's just looking after you. Whatever is the case,
you can reroll three failed rolls per story. Only one
repeat attempt may be made on any single roll, and the
second roll always stands.

64 Wild West Companion


SLEEP

SSS

Natural Channel:
(3 point Merit)

The door to the Umbra has always been easy for you to
open. Your difficulty to step sideways is one less, and spirits

react favorably to you. Even if you aren't a Theurge, you
won't find it difficult to get tutored by the Garou shamans.

Supernatural Companion:
{3 point Merit)

You have a friend and ally who happens to be a
vampire, mage, wraith, or changeling. Though you may
call on her in times of need, she also has the right to call
on you (afterall, you are friends). However, neither your

kind, nor hers, appreciates such a relationship, and
you'll both suffer if found out. The Storyteller creates

your companion but won't reveal her full powers and

potencies to you.

Charmed Existence:
(5 point Merit)

Throughout life, you've never really noticed how
you've been able to catch yourself before you're about to
fall or how you've never really failed at anything. Maybe
your life is somehow protected or you're just lucky.
Because you do not face the perils that others must, you
may ignore a single 1 on every roll you make, as though
you had an extra success. This Merit makes it more
unlikely that you ever botch, and it grants you more
successes than others might obtain.

Guardian Angel:
(6 point Merit)

Some supernatural force watches over you, protecting
you from harm. You have no idea who or what it is, but
you have the idea that someone is there looking out for
you. In times of great need, you may be supernaturally
protected from harm by peculiar coincidences; however,
you can't count on your protector's intervention. The
Storyteller must decide why you are being watched over,
and by what (not necessarily an angel, despite the name).

Silver Tolerance:
(7 point Merit)
You have an immunity to some sorts to silver — the

sorts that aren't pointy or knife-edged. You still suffer
aggravated damage from silver weapons, but you're able

to soak it. Also, any Gnosis loss from carrying silver
items is halved for Garou with this Merit. Instead of

losing one Gnosis for every silver item you possess, you
lose one Gnosis for every two silver items you carry
(always round up).

True Faith: (7 point Merit)

You have a deep-seated faith in and love for Gaia,
God, or whatever it is you consider the Almighty. You
begin the game with one point of Faith (a Trait that
ranges from 1 to 10). This Faith provides you with an
inner strength and comfort that continues to support
you when all else fails.

Your Faith adds to Willpower rolls by providing
an extra die to that Dice Pool for each point in
Faith. The exact supernatural effects of Faith, if any,
are left up to the Storyteller, although it does typi-
cally repel vampires. (The Garou's player must make
a Faith roll against a difficulty of the vampire's
Willpower to repel him. For more rules, see Vam-
pire Players Guide, p. 30, or The Hunters Hunted,
pp- 64-66.) The effects of Faith certainly vary from
Garou to Garou and are almost never obvious; some

of the most saintly people have never performed
miracles greater than managing to ease an injured
ffering. The nature of any miracles you may
do is usually tied to your own auspice, and you might
never realize that you have been aided by a force
beyond yourself.

soul'

No one may start the game with more than 3 points
of Faith. Additional points are awarded only at the
Storyteller's discretion, based on appropriate behavior
and deeds.

Banned Transformation:
=
{1-6 point Flaw)

Some event prevents you from changing, except back
to your breed form. Choose one from below or create
your own. You must spend a Willpower point and make

a Willpower roll to successfully change forms when the
forbidding condition occurs.

© Within earshot of soothing music (1 point)
© When wolfsbane is near (2 points)

© Without spending a Rage point (3 points)
© When silver is near (4 points)

© During the day (5 points)

© Cannot see the moon (6 points)

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character 65

Az


ASSSS

ZIEZ,

Cursed: (1-5 point Flaw)
You have been cursed by someone or something with

supernatural or magical powers. This curse is specific
and detailed; it cannot be dispelled without extreme

effort and can be life-threatening. Choose one from
below or create your own.

© You occasionally get a nasty case of mange, causing
your fur to fall out in clumps and lowering your Appear-
ance to | for days at a time (1 point)

© You always wind up losing something very impor-
tant to you — your horse, your money purse, your
favorite bottle of nerve tonic, or a minor fetish (2
points)

* Guns misfire or backfire when you attempt to use
them (3 points)

© You are more likely to be dumped out into the Near
Umbra rather than the Penumbra when stepping side-
ways (4 points)

* Any fetishes you use have a fifty-fifty chance of not
working, even if you manage to activate them succes
fully (5 points)

Foe from the Past:
{1-3 point Flaw)

Anenemy of one of your ancestors still seeks revenge

— through you. If the enemy is supernatural, such as a
vampire, mage, wraith, changeling or spirit, this Flaw is
worth three points; if you are being hunted by a fanatical
werewolf-hunter or other nonsupernatural human, it is
worth one or two points, depending on how powerful
your foe is. (A mortal probably isn't the same person
that pursued your ancestor, rather she is a descendant or
heir of one of your ancestor's enemies.) She doesn't

sarily pursue you all the time; she is out for revenge
against your ancestor, and you are simply the best path
to that vengeance. You must have the Background: Past
Life to purchase this Merit.

Forced Transformation:
{i-4 point Flaw)

Some event or condition forces you to shapeshift

neces:

uncontrollably. You must spend a Willpower point
each turn to resist the change. Once changed, you
cannot shift back until the condition forcing the
change has passed. Choose one event from below or
create your own.

¢ Every full moon you must assume Crinos form
2 points)

¢ You change under the influence of alcohol: to
Glabro (1 point), to Crinos (2 points)

¢ When you are sexually aroused: to Glabro (1
point), to Crinos (2 points); if you are a homid: to Lupus
(3 points)

¢ When you frenzy, you take a form other than
Crinos: to Glabro or Hispo (2 points), to Lupus (3
points), to Homid (4 points)

¢ At the sight of wolfsbane: to Homid (1 point), to
Lupus (2 points)

¢ At the sight of a vampire: to Crinos (1 point), to
Homid (3 points)

Insane Past Life:
{i point Flaw)

One of your ancestors was loco. This Past Life takes
over during certain situations and is quite a hindrance.
Choose the situation: It can be anything from "when-
ever mockeries appear" to "whenever you see an elder at
a moot." Create the ancestor: Give him a name and
some abilities and define the nature of his madness. Play
this out to the hilt. If the Storyteller deems you aren't
playing it well, she can declare that you've spent a
Willpower point to suppress your deranged ancestor.
You must have the Background: Past Life to purchase

this Merit.

a = =
Slip Sideways: (1 point Flaw)

You step sideways into the Umbra quite easily. In
fact, you sometimes seem to fall into the Umbra without
even meaning to. When confronted with a mirror in a
stressful situation, roll Wits + Occult (difficulty 7) to
resist shifting over. You must still make a Gnosis roll to
pass the Gauntlet, but your difficulty is 1 less — but only
when accidentally stepping sideways. If you want to go
through, you're at normal difficulty.

Sign of the Wolf:
{2 point Flaw)

Vouhaves wickeul timetrying to hide yourwerewolt
heritage. In fact, your Homid form has all the folkloric
signs of werewolves. Your eyebrows have grown to-
gether, there is hair on your palms, your second and
third digits are the same length...all manner of embar-
rassing conditions. In extreme cases, a pentagram may
appear-on your palm right before and during: your
auspice phase of the moon. Obviously, it's difficult for
wou to hide from werewole- hunters.

Wild West Companion


Pierced Veil: (3 point Flaw)
Your Crinos form doesn't trigger the Delirium in
mortals. This Flaw can be dangerous, as werewolf-

hunters find it easier to trace you and perhaps find
your caern.

Dark Fate: (5 point Flaw)

You are doomed to experience a most horrible dem:
or, worse, suffer eternal agony. In the end, all of your efforts,
your struggles and your dreams may come to naught. Even
more ghastly, you have partial knowledge of this end, for
you occasionally have visions of it — and they are most
disturbing. The malaise these visions put you in can be
overcome only through the use of Willpower, and it
returnsafter each vision. In terms of the story, some day you
will indeed face your fate, but when and how is completely
up to the Storyteller. Although you can't do anything
about your fate, you can still attempt to reach some goal
before it occurs, orat least try to make sure that your friends
aren't dragged down with you.

Garou Ties

These Merits and Flaws deal with a character's place,
position and status within Garou society.

Favor: (1-3 point Merit)

You have managed to earn an elder's favor, through
something either you or your pack once did for her. The
extent of the favor depends on this Merit's value: 1
point indicates a relatively minor favor, while 3 points
indicates the elder owes you her life. This favor can be

asked only once.

Reputation: (2 point Merit)

You have a good reputation among the Garou of your
sept and among townspeople in general. The reputation
may be your own (for being well-known for helping out
strangers, for being the fastest gunslinger, or for being
the best gambler), or it may derive from your pack (such
as rounding up those horse thieves or running that
group of troublemakers out of town). This reputation
may spread from town to town through gossip or through
penny novels written about you or you and your pack.
Add three to all Dice Pools for social dealings with your
sept's Garou and for those with townspeople who have
heard of you. This is not the same thing as Renown; a
Garou can have little Renown, yet be well-known and
liked. A character with this Merit may not take the
Flaw: Notoriety.

)

Wee

Enemy: (1-5 point Flaw)
You have an enemy, or a group of enemies, who seek
to do you harm. The value of the Flaw determines how
powerful these enemies are. The most powerful enemies
(Methuselah vampires orarchmages) are 5 points, while
someone near to your own power is only 1 point. You
must decide who your enemy is, and how you became
enemies in the first place. (Note: A fun way to do this
is if you're known for being a fast gunslinger and people

want to be knownas the person who beat you—ac

SSIC
western way to have enemies without them really being
your enemy.)

Twisted Upbringing:
{i point Flaw)

The pack that nabbed you and took you away for your
Rite of Passage taught you a bunch of balderdash about
Garou society. Everything you believe about how Garou
interact is wrong, and your beliefs are likely to get you

into a great deal of trouble. Over time, after many hard
lessons, you can overcome this bad start (the Storyteller
tells you when). But until then, you continue to believe
what you were first told, no matter how others try to
trick you into thinking otherwise.

Notoriety: (3 point Flaw)

You have a bad reputation among the Garou of your
sept and people in general. The reputation may be your
own (such as gunning down innocents, robbing banks
or selling firewater to other Indians), or it may derive
from your pack (such as robbing trains, running people
out of town or taking over a town). This reputation may
spread from town to town or tribe to tribe by gossip or
penny novels written about you or you and your pack.
There is a two-die penalty to all dice rolls for social
dealings with your sept's Garou or with any people who
have heard of you. Characters with this Flaw may not
take the Merit: Reputation.

Human Society

These Merits and Flaws deal with the influence,
power and status of a character within human society.
to certain Back-

Some of them correspond very close
ground Traits (such as Resources, Contacts, and
Influence), whereas others simply elaborate and expand
on them. The Backgrounds give you more creative
freedom, while the Merits and Flaws provide you with
exact details of what you lack or possess.

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character 87


Local Ties: {1-3 point Merit)

You have influence over and contacts ina local circle
of some sort, be it a government system or a loose
collection of "businesses" (saloons, doctors' offices, gen-
eral stores, etc.). Your influence is far from total and may
be threatened by changes in personnel or regulations.
The more you use your ties, the weaker they grow unless
you do something to fortify them.

* Judicial (2 points): You know most of the local
judges and can affect the progress of cases and trials with
limited difficulty. Though it is arduous to intervene in
acase, you can influence it in one direction or another.

© Press (2 points): You can suppress or create news
stories (though not always with 100 percent efficiency;
scribes are an unruly bunch and prone to gossip). You
have access to news and gossip from telegraph stations,
the Pony Express and newspaper staffs.

© Business (3 points): You understand the dynamics
of money in the city or town and have links with all the
major players. In times of need, you can cause all sorts

of financial mayhem and can raise considerable amounts
of money (in the form of loans) in a very short period
of time.

* Authorities (3 points): You know local sheriffs and
some members of the U.S. Marshals and the Pinkerton
Detective Agency. Through these contacts, you can
easily have people arrested. The more often you use your
ties with any of these agencies or sheriff offices, the
weaker they become, and the more attention you attract
toward yourself. Your influence is not solid (that can be
achieved only through gameplay) and can let you down
at times.

Tenderfoot: (1 point Flaw)

You just stepped off the train from the city and found
yourself in a whole new world. Or maybe you're an
Indian raised among whites (or vice versa), and now
you're on your own in frontier America. In any case,
you're a fish out of water; you don't know a Cherokee
from a Chinese, and you get into all sorts of trouble just

through sheer ignorance. This Flaw is intended for
homid characters but can be adapted for lupus or metis
ones. Characters with this Flaw cannot take the Merit:
Common Sense.

Hunted: (3 point Flaw)

A fanatical werewolf-hunter pursues you and be-
lieves you to be a dangerous, slavering beast inimical to
humanity (whether you are or not). This hunter could

be a pastor who saw you change and he figures you're
some kind of Hell-spawned tool of Satan, or a sheriff
who saw you kill three innocent men while you were in
a frenzy and therefore vowed to destroy you. The same
individual may hunt all your companions as well. Al-
ks the destruction of all Garou,

though this hunter si
there is something about you that impassions this killer.

The hunter is, for some reason, immune to the Delirium.
How does it feel to be the hunted, not the hunter?

Ward: (3 point Flaw)

You are devoted to the protection of a human. You
may describe your ward, though the Storyteller will
actually create him. This character may be a friend or
relative from your pre-Change days, or just a child that
you swore to protect after his parents were brutally
murdered. Wards have a talent for getting caught up in
the action of stories, and they're frequent targets of
characters' enemies. If the ward is Kinfolk, then he must
be one the character is especially close to (lover, child-
hood friend, etc.).

Physical

These Merits and Flaws deal with your health and
physique.
Double-Jointed:
{i point Merit)

You are unusually limber. With this Merit, you stand
agood chance of squeezing through your jail-cell door or
working ropes or manacles off your arms. The difficulty
of any Dexterity roll involving body flexibility drops by

two. Characters with this Merit may not take the Flaw:
Lame.

Partial Shift {1 point Merit)
This whole shapeshifting deal is pretty easy for you.
You're so good at it, you can transform certain body

parts, such asa hand toaclaw, while still in Homid form.
Your difficulty for such changes is 6.

Bad Taste: (2 point Merit)

There's nothing like relaxing and washing off all the
grime after a hard day of work on the trail. Too bad
you're still all slimy and nasty afterward. Your flesh
exudes oils that taste so bad that anyone whose mouth
makes contact with your skin gets nauseated. This
unfortunate must make a successful Willpower roll each

68 Wild West Companion


turn for the remainder of the scene, or be unable to act

while he is retching. Lupus, wolves and dogs react
poorly to you and obviously won't lick you. These oils
aren't odorous in any way, but you must constantly wipe
the oily sweat from yourself.

: : .
Fair Glabro: (2 point Merit)

Your ma just calls you big-boned, when you're actu-
ally in Glabro form. With this Merit, you can pass fora
large, bulky Homid in this form. You lose no Social
Attributes when in Glabro.

Lack of Scent: (2 point Merit)

You produce no scent, or if you do, your scent is
extremely faint. Garou or other hunters who use and
rely on scent have a devil of a time picking up your trail.
Any attempts to track you are at +2 difficulty.

= =
Longevity: (2 point Merit)

Gaia and good, clean living (and maybe, just maybe,
a fast gun) have blessed you with long life. You do not
suffer aging effects until you are 90-plus years old (rather
than 65-plus). You can expect to live 120 to 130 years,
barring death in combat.

Huge Size: (4 point Merit)
You are a giant, possibly over seven feet tall and
weigh 400 pounds in Homid form. You therefore have
one additional Health Level and can suffer more harm
before you are incapacitated. Treat this as an extra
Bruised Health Level, with no penalties to rolls.

Effortless Shift:
(6 point Merit)
If only bronco busting was this simple.... You find it

extremely easy to change forms, and you sometimes do it
in your sleep. You do not need to roll to shift forms (you

are considered to have an automatic five successes); nor
do you need to spend a Rage point to instantly assume a
desired form. In addition, if you are ever knocked uncon-
scious (due to wounds, etc.), you can make a roll of Wits
+ Primal Urge (difficulty 8) to assume whatever form you
wish, instead of reverting to your breed form.

No Partial Transformation:
{1 point Flaw)

You cannot take any mixed forms at all (such as a
Histo ‘with Crinos claws) — only:the full:forms.

Short: (1 point Flaw)

If youdidn't have a full beard or look as old and ornery
as you do, people would mistake you for a kid. You are
well below average height and have trouble seeing over
high objects and moving quickly. You don't get as bulky
as most do in Crinos form and you get to be the height
of an average Joe in this form. You suffer a two-die
penalty to all pursuit rolls, and you and the Storyteller
should make sure your height is taken into account inall

situations. In some circumstances, this Flaw can give (%

you a concealment bonus.

Strict Carnivore:
{1 point Flaw)

There's nothing like a fresh cow for dinner when
you're traveling the range. When you eat, you gain no
nourishment from vegetables and must rely solely on
meat — preferably raw.

= gs
Disfigurement:

You're uglier than sin, which makes you easy to notice
— diidiinapoesible to forset. Because of ourshidebus
disfigurement, you have a zero Appearance. The disfig-

urement is either a deformity from birth or a massive
Battle Scar that has ruined your face. Metis characters

may take this Flaw as their metis disfigurement.

Deformity: (3 point Flaw)
You have some kind of bodily affliction that really

stands out — a misshapen limb, no limb, a hunchback or
and affects your interaction with others. It

whatever
may also hamper you physically. Your difficulty is at +2 for
all dice rolls related to Appearance. This Flaw also raises
the difficulty of some Dexterity rolls by two, depending on
the type of deformity you possess. Metis characters may
take this Flaw as their metis disfigurement.

Lame: (3 point Flaw)
Lucky you're nota horse...otherwise you'd have been
shot by now. Your legs are injured or otherwise pre-
vented from working effectively. You suffer a two-die
penalty to all dice rolls related to movement, no matter
your form. Your lameness may result from a birth defect,
pre-Change injury or Battle Scar. A character may not
take this Flaw along with the Merit: Double-Jointed.
Metis characters may take this Flaw as their deformity.

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character 88


x

bo

Monstrous: (3 point Flaw)

No one is quite sure what Gaia was up to when she made you.
Maybe she was hitting the old rotgut a bit hard that morning
because there is something wholly monstrous about you.

Your Homid form scarcely looks human, and your Crinos
and Lupus forms look horrendous; in what manner you differ
from the norm is up to you. Perhaps you have taken on the
features of a reptilian beast and look like a creature of the Wyrm to
certain literal-minded Garou. Your Appearance is zero. Metis

characters may take this Flaw as their metis disfigurement.

One-Armed: (3 point Flaw)

Whether from a birth defect, pre-Change injury or Battle Scar,
you have only one arm. It's assumed that you are accustomed to
using your remaining hand, so you suffer no off-hand penalty.
However, you do suffer a two-die penalty to any Dice Pool in which
two hands would normally be needed to perform a task. Metis
characters may take this Flaw as their metis deformity.

=
Mute: (4 point Flaw)
Your voice box does not function, and you cannot
speak at all. You can communicate only through other
means — typically, writing or gestures. Metis charac-
ters may take this Flaw as their metis deformity.

Wolf Years: (5 point Flaw)

Your life span is that of a wolf, rather than that of
anormal Garou. In other words, you've got 12 to 20

years, tops. You begin to show aging at eight years if
you are lupus, or within five years of the Change for
a homid character. Naturally, homids with this
Flaw begin aging rapidly only after the Change.

Gifts
Breed Gifts
Homid

© Dead-Eye (Level One) — Survival in the Savage
West may depend ona single lucky bullet. With this Gift,

a Garou makes her own luck. Even the most difficult shots can
accomplished with the assistance of this power. A Raven-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: By spending one Willpower, the player can reroll any
one Firearms, Archery or other missile weapon roll.

© Gaia's Embrace (Level Four) — Known only to the Pure
Ones, this Gift allows the Garou to become one with the land. If

70 Wild West Companion


seriously wounded, the Garou may "crawl into" the
earth to seek Gaia's aid. Once protected within Her
womb, the wounded child is mended by the power of the
Goddess. An Earth-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: After suffering aggravated wounds, the Garou
must be buried alive or dig his own way under the soil. This
Gift sustains an interred Garou and heals his aggravated
wounds at a rate of one per hour, instead of one per day.

Metis

© Haunting Stare (Level Two) — The Garou sum-
mons her hereditary instability and focu:
Gazing into the eyes of the metis leaves the victim choking
with horror. An Ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The user must spend a turn in concentration
to focus her will, but the Gift takes effect immediately.
Upon making eye contact, the victim must successfully
roll her Willpower (difficulty 8) or be unable to act
during her next turn. The difficulty to use Haunting
Stare increases by one against Garou who are insane
(including Silver Fangs).

¢ Chameleon (Level Three) — Like the Gift's
reptilian namesake, the Garou can blend with her
natural surroundings. Unlike the lizard, however, the
Gift user shifts fluidly with changing backgrounds, thus
allowing the Garou to move about and even attack. A
Chameleon-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point to
activate the Gift. Anyone trying to see the Garou, even
in open ground, must make Perception rolls (difficulty
equals the Garou's Wits + Stealth). Failure indicates
that the Garou remains undetected. Once the Garou
attacks, the difficulty drops by three. Note that the Gift
affects only visual senses, and it provides no camouflage
for sound or scent.

Lupus

© Wyld Ferocity (Level Two) — The harsh, un-
tamed wilderness frequently brings death to humans
who venture into it unprepared. With this Gift, the
Garou can heighten the fear humans have of the wild.
A panic-stricken human may be unable to act or have to
flee the area. An Ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou must spend one Rage point to
activate the Gift and must growl (even in human form)
for the effect to work. All normal humans lose one die
from their Dice Pools within 20 feet of the Garou. Those
humans not used to dealing with wild animals must
make a Willpower roll (difficulty equals the Garou's
Rage) or flee the area.

Strength of Gaia (Level Three) — The Goddess
blesses her child with enhanced strength to defeat her
enemies. The Garou must maintain her Lupus form, but
she retains the might of the Crinos.

System: The player must spend one Rage point to
activate the Gift. Her base strength increases by four,
rather than the normal one, in her Lupus form. The Gift
works only in Lupus form and its effects cease if she
shapeshifts. In any case, the Gift's effects last one scene.

Auspice Gifts
Ragabash

¢ Trailblazer (Level One) — With this Gift, the
Garou can wend his way through thick underbrush as
if walking on the open plains. The Ragabash also
finds the fastest trails and shortest routes from one
location to another. When used ina town or city, the
Garou can still find the shortcuts through alleys and
dart through crowded streets with ease. A Crow-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player must roll her Perception + Sur-
vival, or Larceny in cities (difficulty 7). The number of
successes equals the quality of the new route and de-
creases travel time. Every success reduces travel time
approximately 10 percent, up to a maximum of half the
original travel time. The difficulty of any rolls to track
the user increase by two when this Gift is active.

© Empty Hand (Level Three) —The Garou's hand
may seem to grasp the air, while in reality it may hold a
pistol or even a stick of dynamite. This Gift obscures
one possession for the Garou, making it completely
undetectable to others. A Raccoon-spirit teaches this
Gift.

System: The player grasps the item and spends one
Willpower point to make the object undetectable. The
object must be hand-held and should not be larger than
the Garou's arm. For one scene, the item remains
undetectable to all senses
Umbra) except touch,
Unfortunately, even the Gift user can't see the item, so
dropping it is bad.

© Steal Spirit (Level Five) — The Ragabash can
steal an opponent's strength of spirit or her Rage. With
her ill-gotten gains, she can pummel her drained oppo-
nent.

including peeking from the
en if the Garou drops it.

System: The player rolls her Wits + Larceny (diffi-
culty equals the targets Willpower). The number of
successes indicates the number of temporary Rage or
Willpower points (not both) that the victim los

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character ia


player receives that number of points to the appropriate
statistic up to her permanent maximum. If she receives
Rage in excess of her permanent rating, she must make
an immediate frenzy roll:

Theurge

¢ Tinker's Touch (Level Two) — The Theurge can
mend a broken object with a touch, as long as the item
contains metal. This Gift is especially useful for emer-
gency wagon repairs or for fixing guns during a siege.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point to
activate the Gift. She must place together and continu-
ously touch any separated portions of the item to be
mended for one turn. During which time, slipped nails
slither solidly back into place, bent rifle barrels straighten,
shattered blades re-form, and so forth. Items blasted to
bits (such as an exploded artillery shell) are beyond the
scope of Tinker's Touch. A Metal-spirit teaches this
Gift.

¢ Umbral Camouflage (Level Three) — Although
perfectly visible in the physical world, this Gift renders
the Garou undetectable by spirits. In conjunction with
other Gifts, Umbral Camouflage can make the user
vanish from all perception. Garou who use this Gift in
the Umbra might as well be someplace else entirely. A
Wind-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point, and for
the remainder of the scene, she is completely invisible
to spiritual senses. She may move about as normal but
cannot make any attack actions without disrupting the
Gift. In the Umbra, the Garou becomes completely
undetectable.

* Obscure the Spirit World (Level Four) — This
Gift allows the elder to confuse the minds of young
Garou, making it impossible for them to step sideways.
The victims of this Gift are blind to the spirit world and
all of its denizens. Quite often used as a punishment, the
Gift has obvious tactical advantages when fighting
other Garou. A Coyote-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point for
every Garou she wishes to affect. The Gauntlet in-
creases by five for those targets. The effect lasts for one
story. The Gift can affect up to five Garou at any one
time.

Philodox

* Aura of the Just (Level One) — When the Gift
user commits a just act, everyone around him knows it
merely by gazing at him. The Aura of the Just proclaims
to one and all that this Garou is in the right. Where

circumstances or perceptions might cloud the judgment
of witnesses, the Gift clears all doubts. Alternatively,
those who know the Philodox can see his guilt when the
Gift does not activate. A Falcon-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The user spends one Willpower point to
activate this Gift. When the Garou commits a just and

fair act, all who witness it know intuitively that it is so.
While this Gift does not guarantee respect, anyone who
sees the aura cannot doubt the Philodox's merit.

© Curse the Betrayer (Level Three) — Anyone who
cheats the Philodox pays for his dishonesty. After enter-
ing a pact with the Garou, bad luck follows anyone who
violates the agreement (including the user).

System: The Garou must enter a pact with someone.
To seal the bargain and make the Gift active, the
participants must shake hands, share a smoke or make a
toast to seal the arrangement. Should either individual
break the bargain, double every 1 he rolls for the rest of
the story when calculating botches. An Honor-spirit
teaches this Gift.

Galliard

© Dreamchaser (Level One) — The Galliard can tap
into the unconscious of a sleeping person and follow the
course of his dreams. Although she cannot participate,
she recalls all of the dream and can view it objectively.
A Dream-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
must remain within "arm's reach" of the target (i.e.,
walls, partitions, furniture or other physical obstacles
may come between user and target, but no more dis-
tance than the length of the user's arm) for one night's
sleep. If the sleeper dreams, the Garou can experience
the chaotic events as they unfold. What information
she gleans from the vision is up to the Storyteller.

¢ Primal Song (Level One) — The Galliard ingrati-
ates himself with strangers by seeming to know all of
theirsongsand dances. Having heard only afew hummed
bars or having glimpsed at just a movement or two, the
Garou can sing along or lead the dance. Skilled musi-
cians can create new songs appropriate to the style of the
culture in question. A Songbird-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: After learning this Gift, it starts automati-
cally whenever the Galliard hears a song or sees a dance.
He will know every word, note or step as if he'd created
the piece himself. Whether or not he can entertain
people still depends on the regular rules for Perfor-
mance.

* Coyote Howl (Level Two) — Throughout the
long, lonely night, the Galliard howls without rest. This

2 Wild West Companion

4 ONY =


PER EL.

SSSssy

Gift alters the sound of her howl to resemble that of a
coyote. The Coyote Howl disturbs the sleep of all those
who hear it, making them edgy the next day. A Coyote-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: No roll is required, but the Galliard must
stay awake all night howling. All who hear the how! lose
one die from all Mental rolls for the entire next day. The
Gift refreshes the Galliard in the morning but does
nothing for her packmates.

Ahroun

* Steadfast (Level One) — No matter the task, the
Ahroun does not tire. This Gift allows the Garou to
work, run, or fight far beyond her normal limits. A
Horse-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Rage point. For the
remainder of the scene, her Stamina doubles any time
she has to roll it. This Gift does not affect soak rolls.

* Strength of the Pack (Level Two) —The Ahroun,
the heart of the pack's strength, can share any or all of
her physical might with her pack members. Just as if she
handed her packmate a loaded gun, the Ahroun grants
her more power to do the work of the pack. A Bear-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Rage point to make the
Giftactive. She may then temporarily reduce her strength
by any amount, to a minimum of 1, and lend that
strength to her packmates with just a touch. The Garou
decides how much strength goes to each pack member
chosen. The effects last for one scene.

¢ Shake the Earth (Level Three) — The force of the
Ahroun's Rage splits the ground before him and knocks
his foes off their feet. Even a minor tremor can cause
great damage to houses, mineshafts and people. An
Earth elemental teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Rage point to cause
athree-foot-wide stretch of ground, extending 10 feet in
front of the user, to split intoachasm that is 10 feet deep.
Anyone over that spot must make a Dexterity roll
(difficulty 7) or fall into the hole. For every Rage point
beyond the first, the Garou can make similar holes or
deepen the first one.

Tribe Gifts
Black Furies

© Whore's Vengeance (Level Two) — This Gift
affects the most sensitive areas of the human or animal
anatomy. By causing either minor irritation or wracking

pain, Whore's Vengeance can distract or even incapaci-
tate a victim. The target of this Gift need never have
visited a house of ill-repute, nor does the Gift user need
to practice the profession. A spirit of Lust teaches this
Gift.

System: The player rolls her Intelligence + Medicine
(difficulty equals the target's Willpower). If the roll
succeeds, the target breaks out in a painful rash in his or
hersensitive region. Each success subtracts one die from
the target's Dice Pool for the remainder of the scene.
This Gift affects only living animals (including hu-
mans) and has no effect on spirits or the undead.

¢ Anger of the Goddess (Level Five) — With the
force of Gaia Herself, the Black Fury elder strikes down
even the most powerful enemies. Few can withstand the

righteous anger of Gaia unleashed. The power can take
many forms: a lightning bolt from the heavens, an
avalanche, or even a tornado. The wrath of the Goddess
blindly ravages the innocent and guilty alike. An avatar
of Gaia Herself is the only spirit that teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends three Rage points to
summon Gaia's wrath. The Storyteller determines what
freak natural events follow, but the full force of the
Goddess strikes the target (multiple lightning bolts, a
tornado touching down at his feet, etc.). Unfortunately,
the Gift affects everyone around the target as well, as
the power of nature is indifferent to innocence.

Bone Gnawers

© Play Possum (Level One) — With animal cun-
ning, the Gnawer can force her body into a state near

death. Far from a serene, peaceful trance wherein the
Garou imitates death, the Gift creates a facade closer to
a drowned, bloated rat. The Garou's body stinks of rot,
maggots crawl on her and flies gather as if to feast. Only
ascrupulous investigation reveals the truth — but most
folks won't want to get that close. Most Silver Fangs
argue to ban this Gift at moots and social gatherings. A
Decay-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player must spend a Gnosis point and
remain perfectly still to activate the Gift. On activa-
tion, the Garou resembles a rotting corpse to all senses.
When the Gift activates, anyone attempting to detect
life in the Garou must roll Perception + Medicine

(difficulty equals the user's Manipulation + Subterfuge)

and physically examine the "carcass."

¢ Beneath Notice (Level Two) — While others
seek fame, the Bone Gnawers' best bet is anonymity.
This Gift allows the Gnawer to blend in with the
features of a town or village by becoming too familiar

to be noticed. Although no physical change takes

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character 73


SSSSSEN

ZLELz

place, normal people cannot remember details con-
cerning the Garou. The Gift works in either Homid or
Lupus form and causes people who encounter the user
to remember a nondescript drifter or a mangy dog. A
Dog-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Willpower point to
remain "anonymous" for the rest of the scene. No one
who sees the Gnawer during that time can remember
details concerning his appearance.

¢ Drunkard's Luck (Level Two) — Ina drunken
stupor, the Gnawer walks away from fatal accidents
and hazardous situations with the assistance of this
Gift. Where a sober Garou would hesitate and take
a mortal wound, the Gnawer stumbles into the clear
despite impaired reflexes. A Spirits-spirit teaches
this Gift.

System: The Gift activates automatically when
the Bone Gnawer consumes enough alcohol to ren-
der him drunk. In this state, he loses three dice to all
of his actions (more if he continues drinking), but he
benefits from an amazing lucky streak. The player can
reroll any failed rolls involving defensive actions,
including Dodge and Stamina soak rolls. The Story-
teller may also allow the character to avoid hazards
that he could not normally detect, such as falling
debris or surprise attacks. When the effects of the
alcohol wear off, the Gift deactivates. The Gift does
nothing for hangovers.

Children of Gaia

© Voice of Reason (Level Two) — All too often,
emotions obscure rational thought and turn normal
people, both human and Garou, into a bloodthirsty
mob. The Children of Gaia use this Gift to break
through the emotional cloud and bring reason back
to such a crowd. Once her words reach her listeners'
ears, the Gift forces them to pay attention. It quells
emotional distractions and imparts a moment of
clarity on the audience. While the Gift does not
disperse the members of a mob, it does give them a
chance to rethink their actions. A Reason-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The audience must hear the Child of
Gaia for this Gift to work. If she is unable to
speak, or cannot be heard over the roar of the
crowd, the Gift has no effect. The player must also
spend one Willpower point. For every success on
a Charisma + Empathy roll, two people come to
their senses and shake off the mob mentality. If
the Gift can affect the majority of the group, the
mob disperses.

* Fool's Medicine (Level Five) — Bigotry may be
commonplace in the West, but that doesn't mean
Gaia's Children have to like it. Tribe members use
this Gift to teach a harsh lesson to people blinded by
hatred. It lets the user make general alterations to a
person's skin tone and facial features. The person
remains recognizable in many respects but suddenly
has a cocoa complexion, say, instead of a ruddy one,
or "Oriental eyes" instead of "round eyes." Loved
ones can usually discern the target's identity, how-
ever, which is an aspect of the Gift that troubles
many bigots more than the alteration itself. Basically,
the target changes to resemble a member of the
ethnic group he despises most.

System: The user spends a Gnosis point to activate
the Gift and rolls Perception + Empathy (difficulty 7).
The number of successes equals the duration, in days, of
the Gift. The user must touch the target for Fool's
Medicine to take effect, which it does the next time the
target sleeps.

Fianna

© Sense Fae (Level One) — As the Fianna have
acclimated themselves to their new surroundings, they
have also created relations with the fae of the New
World. This Gift allows the Fianna to detect fae beings.
A Dream-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: No roll is required, but the Fianna must
concentrate for one round, during which he may take no
other action. The player must roll Perception + Enig-
mas (difficulty 7). The Garou can detect fae nature at a
distance of five meters per success. This Gift does not
guarantee a friendly reaction from any fae creatures that
it reveals.

Primal Song (Level One) — As the Galliard Gift.

© Drunkard's Luck (Level Two) — As the Bone
Gnawer Gift.

© Sense Secrets (Level Two) — Centuries of asso-
ciation with the fae people have taught the Fianna the
nature of secrets. Things deliberately hidden, whether
obscured by brush or dropped down a mineshaft, make
their presence known to the Fianna. The Gift gives no
indication as to the nature of a secret, only to its
existence. A Squirrel-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas
(difficulty 8). Every success improves the Fianna's
sensitivity. One success detects cursory or slipshod
concealment, such as tumbleweeds pulled across a
cave's mouth; five successes detect the presence of the
most painstaking obscurement, including hidden pas-
sageways and the like.

74 Wild West Companion


Get of Fenris

* Curse of the Berserker (Level Four) —

Although the tribe is known for. its

ferocity, this Gift allows aGetto
throw off her frenzy and re-
tain control. This Gift comes

with a price, however, 35

the Garou must choose > -
another to suffer. That Si
victim then endures the™
Get's frenzy instead: A
Wolverine-spirit or an
Ancestor-spirit teaches
this Gift. :

System: The player
rolls her Willpower in
a resisted action ver-
sus her target's
Willpower when a
frenzy is imminent (dif-
ficulty for each equals the
opponent's Willpower). The loser
of the resisted action enters a frenzy
and the victor remains in control of
his wits

¢ Heimdall's Blade (Level Three)

This Gift turns ordinary items into
spiritual manifestations of the Garou's
Rage. With this Gift, even a barstool
becomes a deadly weapon. An Ances-
tor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Rage
point and grasps her improvised weapon.
Until the scene ends or until the Get drops
it, the item has the same statistics as a cavalry
saber (difficulty 6, damage Strength +4).

¢ Journey Home (Level Four) No
matter what the distance or what the cir-
cumstances, the Get can travel home as
easily as he can reach into the Umbra

System: The player spends all of his
Gnosis (minimum of three points) and
steps into the Umbra. When he steps
out of the Umbra, he emerges at the
place he considers home

tron Riders
* Rope Tricks (Level One) — The

Garou can perform simple tricks with any

length of rope she is touching. From asimple

en

COO

SSSSSEESEE


string to a noose, any rope obeys her every wish like a
well-trained snake. A Spider-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and
must come in contact with the rope she wishes to
control. For the remainder of the scene or until she loses
contact, the rope writhes and dances at her command.
The Gift affects only one rope at a time and every new
contact requires another Willpower point.

¢ Reload (Level Two) — With this Gift, the
Garou does not need to take time to reload her
firearm; the Gift reloads the weapon automatically
with shells or shot she carries on her person. A Metal-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou need spend only one Will-
power point and have the appropriate type of
ammunition on hand. For the rest of the scene, her
gun remains loaded until she runs out of reserves.
Shots fired beyond her normal maximum vanish from
her gunbelt or satchel.

¢ Lightning Rage (Level Three) — The Iron
Rider can channel her Rage into an electrical charge.
With this Gift, she can shock opponents whom she is
able to touch or who are in contact with a conductive
material (e.g., metal or water). A Lightning-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: For every Rage point the player spends, she
can inflict three soakable, aggravated wounds on as
many Garou (or fewer).

Red Talons

¢ Water Sense (Level One) — The most precious
resource in the unsettled wilderness may be drink-
ing water, but it can be hard to find. With this Gift,
the Red Talon never goes thirsty. Red Talons also
use this Gift to lose pursuers by crossing rivers or to
locate prey near watering holes. A Water-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Perception + Survival (dif-
ficulty 6). The character can detect water froma distance
of 100 meters for every success.

¢ Aura of Ferocity (Level Two) — As the Lupus Gift.

¢ Natural Renewal (Level Five) — Even as the
United States carries out Manifest Destiny, the Red

Talons seek to preserve the unconquered wilderness.
Under the effects of this Gift, nature recovers from
ravages created by humanity. Landslides refill the deep
mining shafts that pierce the earth, wildlife infests
buildings and technology fails. A Seedling-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player must spend three Gnosis points
and howl (orsing) to the wilderness spirits. These spirits
encourage rampant plant growth that can even over-
come man-made roads, mineshafts and buildings. Also,
no technology can function within 30 feet of the Garou.
The exact effects of the Gift are up to the Storyteller,
but nature does its best to renew itself despite humanity's
efforts.

Shadow Lords

© Aura of Nobility (Level One) — Even at her
worst, this Garou looks her best. Despite her character,
or lack thereof, the Shadow Lord seems to be above
contempt or slander. A Cobra-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Gift downplays the offensiveness of the
Shadow Lord's deeds or her connection to them in
witnesses' minds. The player needs only to spend one
Gnosis point to avoid any loss of Honor.

© Unwitting Pawn (Level Three) — Over time, the
Shadow Lord can convince a target that the Gift user
holds the other's best interests at heart. At first, the
new-found friend performs small favors; much later, the
pawn might even die for the Shadow Lord. A Rat-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The Gift affects just one pawn at a time.
Over the period of a week, the Shadow Lord must
pretend to be the person's friend (the friendship can be
real as well). During that time, he must spend one
Gnosis per day to seal the arrangement. After the first
week, the pawn sides with the Shadow Lord in argu-
ments, helps with the Garou's chores and rolls his
cigarettes. The effect fades in one week unless the
Shadow Lord spends additional Gnosis. If the Gift
affects the same person for over a year, the small favors

and general friendliness turn obsessive and dangerous.

Silent Striders

© Trailblazer (Level One) — As the Ragabash Gift.

* Smoke Signals (Level Two) — The Strider can
communicate over a great distance with visual signals.
Whether with puffs of smoke by day or flickering lights
at night, the Garou sends his message into the sky for
other Garou to read. A Fire-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Silent Strider can create her message
without a fire or other tool. He simply wills the message
to exist and plumes of smoke (or flickering lights at
night) rise into the sky. Any Garou whosee these signals
instinctively know what he means, just as if they had
heard a howl. The player spends one Willpower point to
activate this Gift.

Wild West Companion


"DEL Ae

© Gibberish (Level Three) — This Gift destroys
the ability to communicate. The Silent Strider causes
one target to lose her knowledge of speech, writing
and any other form of communication. Should the
victim try to speak, no one can understand her.
Should she try to read a telegram, the message ap-
pears to be garbled nonsense.

System: The player spends one Willpower point
and rolls Manipulation + Enigmas (difficulty
equals the target's Willpower). Each success re-
moves the victim's ability to communicate for
five minutes. The victim can resist with Will-
power, but each point allows her to read or speak
only one sentence.

Silver Fangs

* Fool's Silver (Level Two) — The Silver Fang can
trick a victim into thinking an ordinary item is made of
silver. Whereas greedy humans flock to the illusion,
Garou are usually wary and back away from it. A Lune
teaches this Gift.

System: The Silver Fang concentrates for one turn to
make the Gift active. The selected item gleams with a
silvery sheen. Garou who hold the item feel the sting of
normal silver for about 10 seconds, after which the
illusory "pain" vanishes.

* Silver Bullets (Level Three) — The Gift allows
the Silver Fang to change the composition of his ammo.
Ashe fires each shot, the bullet changes to deadly silver.
Lunes and Ancestor-spirits teach this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point as he
fires his gun. The bullet changes to silver and causes
regular damage to normals, but it inflicts terrifying
wounds on Garou. The bullet remains silver after it
strikes (whether what it hits is its target or not). The
altered bullets do not reduce the Silver Fang's Gnosis
unless he recovers them.

* Command the Heart of Rage (Level Four) — The
Silver Fang can reach into the heart of another Garou
and stifle her opponent's Rage. Even a frenzied Garou
must obey the Fang's command. An avatar of Falcon
teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and
selects a target. The Fang and the victim make resisted
Willpower rolls. If the Silver Fang wins, she can dictate
when and how much Rage the victim spends. This Gift
works on frenzied Garou as well.

Stargazers

¢ Dreamchaser (Level One) — As the Galliard Gift.

¢ Fearless (Level One) — Whatever odds she may
face, the Stargazer maintains an aura of complete
serenity. Whether hanging from a rock face 300 feet in
the air or staring into the very maw of the Abyss, the
Garou with this Gift knows no fear. A spirit of Fear
teaches this Gift.

System: By spending a Willpower point, the player
automatically passes any fear-related tests for the en-
tire scene. This Gift also negates the power of other
Gifts that cause fear, such as Cry of the Killer, or Howl
of the Banshee.

¢ Disguise the True Form (Level Two) — The
Stargazer can avoid revealing her true nature to other
Gift users or supernaturals. Even in Crinos form, the
Garou registers as a normal human. An avatar of the
Chimera teaches this Gift.

System: Any powers used to detect the Stargazer's
true nature fail. The Stargazer appears to be a perfectly
normal human, despite her current form.

Uktena

* Sense Secrets (Level One) — As the Level Two
Fianna Gift, but easier for this secret-obsessed tribe.

¢ Fetish Fetch (Level Two) — The Uktena need not
carry her fetishes with her at all. She may draw them
from a hidden cache whenever she needs them, no
matter the distance. A Packrat-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The first part of the Gift involves creating the
secret hiding spot for the fetishes. The player spends one
Gnosis and buries or covers her items. Once this ritual is
complete, she needs to spend a Gnosis point to summon
any or all of her fetishes. The fetish appears in her hand
as if from thin air. Just one hiding spot can exist atany one
time, but the Uktena can create a new spot at any time.

¢ Wyrm Whispers (Level Three) — Considered too
dangerous by the other tribes, this Gift gives the Uktena
insight into the thoughts of Wyrm creatures. The Uktena
can read even the most vile thoughts of Banes, if the
Garou can hold her stomach. A Dream-spirit teaches
this Gift.

System: The player rolls her Perception + Enigmas
(difficulty 8). With one success, she can detect nearby
sentient Wyrm creatures. For every additional success,
she telepathically reads one complete thought from the
creature's mind. If she receives five or more success
she must make a frenzy roll. Regular use of this Gift can
cause Derangements or even Wyrm-taint.

S,

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character "


OU,

ix

Wendigo

¢ Truth of the Hunted (Level One) — This Gift
enables the Wendigo to follow his prey's passage regard-

less of the user's tracking skills. The Gift reveals course,

speed, size and even the health of the target. All of the
clues an accomplished tracker notices become blatantly
obvious to the user of this Gift, which is taught by a
Wolf-spirit.

System: The player rolls Perception + Survival (dif-
ficulty 7). He needs only one success to follow the target
precisely. Multiple successes eliminate false trails and
provide more detail — height, weight, state of mind
(panicked, calm, etc.), general health (healthy, tired,
wounded), ete.

© Ghost Dance (Level Two) — Preying on the fears
of the European settlers, the Wendigo use this Gift to
seed doubt and guilt amongst the invaders. A vision of
the walking dead clouds the judgment of the targets,
causing them to panic and flee. An Ancestor-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point to make
the Gift active. He rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 7).
The number of successes indicates the number of

people affected. People caught in the Gift's spell s

"spirits of the dead" rise from their graves and ad-
vance. Most humans flee from the illusion. Garou
and other supernaturals may try to interact with or
even fight the visions.

¢ Haunting Stare (Level Three) — Like the Level
Two Metis Gift, but the emotional impact is more guilt
than horror.

¢ Great Bison (Level Four) — For centuries, the
bison provided the Pure Ones and their Kinfolk
with all they needed. With the incursion of the
Europeans, both Garou and human, the bison popu-
lation dwindles and the open plains vanish. With
this Gift, the Wendigo summons a ghostly stampede
of spirit bison to trample his enemies. A Bison-spirit
s this Gift.
System: The player spends one Willpower, one

teach

Gnosis and one Rage point to summon the stampede.
The stampede, 50 yards wide and 100 yards long,
tramples everything in its path and causes 10 dice of
damage. The bison are spirits and pass through man-
made obstacles, such as buildings, to crush anyone
inside. The targets can find safety out of the bison's

path, to either side of the stampede, or by climbing
trees and the like.

Black Spiral Dancer
Gifts

© Haunting Stare (Level One) — As the Level Two
Metis Gift but easier for the Wyrm-ridden.

* Gold Fever (Level Two) —The lure of easy money
draws many settlers to the Savage West. This Gift lets
the user tap into these feelings of avarice and bring them
to the surface. Even those humans with generous na-
tures find themselves slavering fora taste of wealth and
the easy life. A Greed-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Storytellerspends one Willpower point
and rolls her Manipulation + Larceny (difficulty 7).
The number of successes indicates the number of
people affected. Victims of the Gift lose any semblance
of propriety and enter a near-frenzied state of greed.
Garou are unaffected and the targetycan resist by
spending Willpower.

* Coal Breath (Level Three) — Living in tunnels
beneath the earth exposes the Black Spirals to many
natural hazards. Rather than succumbing to these deadly
toxins, the Dancers learn to use their environment.
With this Gift, the user exhales the deadly gasses she
inhaled in the tunnels below. This poisonous cloud
envelops the Dancer's enemies. and chokes them to,
death. A Coal-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Storyteller spends one Gnosis point
and rolls the character's Stamina + Survival (difficulty
6). Each success creates one five-cubic-foot cloud of
billowing poisonous gas. Anyone caught in the cloud
must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 7) or fall uncon-
scious. Characters cannot protect themselves from these
effects by holding their breath. Remaining within the
cloud eventually proves to be fatal as every additional
round of exposure causes one aggravated wound. The
Gift user is immune to the cloud.

Tribal Weaknesses

ch of Her children
has unique strengths and weaknesses. In order to en-

The wisdom of Gaia is such that e

courage the Garou to band together in packs, Gaia
included flaws in their creation so that they would need
to depend on one another. All Garou together succeed
whereas one will fail — that is the lesson of the tribes.


aan ee

Optional Rule

The tribal weaknesses presented here are optional
tules for Werewolf: The Wild West. Because they
complicate characters and tend to skew a chronicle into
a fantasti¢, high-magic direction, theyrare not recom-
mended for every game. In general, players should modify
their characters" behaviors to fit their tribes" weaknesses.
If they need reminding, the*Storyteller should tequire
them to act according to theirweakness in situations that
would ordinarily bring out the weakness.

Black Furies

Anger: -1 difficulty for frenzies when men, "male
thinking" or patriarchal injustices are involved

The Black Furies rage eternally against the nonsen-
sical savagery of the masculine gender. Women have
been forced to bear the blame for a host of evils —
remember Pandora? Eve? — but the Furies know that at
the bottom of the world, if Gaia is a woman, then the
Wyrm that defiles Her is a man.

Bone Gnawers

Pariahs: +1 difficulty on all Social rolls involving
members of other tribes

The Bone Gnawers are the low wolves on the totem
pole of Garou society — the dogs to be kicked when
higher-ranking tribes are frustrated by the coming Apoca-
lypse (or simply in a bad mood). Objects of mockery and
ridicule, scorn and abuse, the Gnawers make a career
and sometimes a sacred calling of being Gaia's Sacrifi-
cial Wolves.

Children of Gaia

Conciliatory: Must accept pleas for mercy or offers to
surrender, even if blatantly insincere

The will to forgive that dwells in the heart of every

one of Gaia's Children is among the Garou's greatest
gifts, but it is a bittersweet burden to carry in a darken-
ing, increasingly violent world. If any creature, no
matter how vile or Wyrm-ridden, makes a show of
repentance and asks the Garou to spare it, any Child of
Gaia present must make a Willpower roll or be com-
pelled to do everything in her power to grant that
request, even if it means fighting her fellow werewolves.
This weakness is the chief reason for the derision heaped

on the Children by more "sensible," warlike tribes, such
as the Red Talons or the Silver Fangs, who view such
displays of "soft-heartedness" as stupid at best, racially
suicidal at worst.

Fianna

Half-Cocked: +1 difficulty for Willpower rolls

The Fianna are the friskiest of all the tribes — rather
than view their fiercely emotional natures as potential
weaknesses in battle, the Fianna revel in their passions.
Unfortunately, members of the tribe are often led by their
emotional responses to do stupid and irrational things.
Many packs have been forced to put down their own
Fianna packmates when the Fianna "went berserk" over
an imagined insult or challenge and attacked the alpha
without benefit of proof or protocol. Other Fianna have
been lured by their passions into traps laid by the Wyrm,
realizing too late that it is better to pause and plan than
to go running off at the first available opportunity.

Get of Fenris

Contempt: Each Get of Fenris is even more a creature
of Rage than other Garou, but not even the fiercest Get
can hate everything all the time. Rather, Rage crystal-
lizes in each member of the Get asa particular irrational
hatred for some class of people or situation that she
considers "lower" than herself and unworthy of even the
humblest existence on Gaia's green Earth.

Even the mere reminder of the object of contempt is
enough to make a Get edgy, which adds one point to her
Rage and necessitates a frenzy check. This point of Rage
can be burned off through mocking the object of con-
tempt, kicking it, telling insulting jokes, or proving
one's own natural superiority to it.

However, when this task is impossible or when the
object of contempt remains in close proximity to a Get
for an extended period (a scene or so), the Get is driven
into near-frenzy and will do everything in her power to
punish the nuisance for existing.

This situation is especially true when the object of
intolerance is another Garou, as the combination of
offending behavior and "pure" Garou blood drives the
Get into a paroxysm of complete and dangerous fury.

The player of a Get of Fenris character must define a
specific Contempt for her character, using the following
list for inspiration. All Contempts must be approved by
the Storyteller and must represent an irrational hatred
over and above those expected of all upstanding Garou
(so, forexample, one cannot be Contemptuous of "Wyrm
Creatures," "Bone Gnawers" or "Iron Riders").

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character 79


Cowardice — You hate the display of fear in all its
forms, whether it is cowardice on the battlefield or fear
aution and

of standing up to pack leadership. Shyne
-If-preservation are personality flaws
in your world — crutches for the cowards to justify their
own lack of willpower.

even the urge for

You especially disdain anyone who goes into a fox
frenzy — whether it happens in your presence or if you
hear of the shame through the rumor mill. A fox-
frenzier has dishonored herself and the entire Garou
race. Her existence is a stain on the pride of the whole
species, and you must make your displeasure known. Of
course, if you are the one to run with the fox, you have

some self-loathing to work through....

Compromise — You hate compromise, seeing it as a
clever monkey tactic for those too weak to get their own
aw. You

way in any purely Garou manner— tooth andc
agree with the Red Talons that diplomacy i
pecially seeing as how most of the
"diplomatic solutions" that the Garou are pursuing
sion pacts with vampires and

a weak

ter to violence,

seem to be nonaggr
worse. Vampires are creatures of the Wyrm, and a
shorter name for "compromise with the Wyrm" is death!

You especially hate the Children of Gaia and their
dangerous need to allow evil to prosper in the world as
longas it whimpers a bit. The only time youcompromise
with an enemy of the Garou Nation is if a war leader or
elder whose leadership you accept forces you to do so,
which often means beating you in an open fight. Even
then, you begin to harbor doubts about such a "leader's"
fitness to give orders — why else would she have begun
and other crutches, unless she

to rely on compromise
had grown weak and, hence, unfit to rule?

Uppity Livestock — Garou are alone at the top of the
All other creatures,

food chain, the only pure ra
including humans, the Béte, and even wolves, are at best
pallid imitations of the perfect Garou form, made all the
more disgusting by their skill at copying Garou virtues.

Gaia meant for the Garou to be lords of the world, to
exploit all lesser creatures. While you might choose to
protect given humans
only because you are a prudent master, not because of
any inherent commandment on Gaia
However, if the livestock talk back to you, they must be
taught their place. Any amount of "insubordination" —

wolves or other livestock, it is

s part to do so.

or any behavior less than worshipful — from a human,
Kinfolk or other creature can drive you toward frenzy.

Milquetoa:
anyone who

s — You despise the Philodoxes and
ks to tame the Wyrm with a law book at
his side instead of a klaive in his hand. The world is war,
and the time for peace is over. Anything less than swift

SSVSS

ZLLZz

XX

and immediate response to provocation is for foo!
the Get of Fenris. When attacked, you must never back
down or even take much time to gauge a situation —
such fretting is for Galliards and idiots.

Frailty — You hate any reminder of the reality of
failure, whether in yourself or in others. Weakness —
whether physical, moral or in the will — is Gaia's
warning to the strong that She is preparing to cull the
pack, and you are more than willing to help in Her
. The Wyrm is weakness

cosmic dutie:

Scorn anyone you consider weak in some way and
constantly remind him of his imperfections in order to
help him toward correction of these flaws. Punish fail-
ure decisively and promptly, preferably in a public
forum to set an example.

If others are unlucky enough ever to mention one of
your failures or frailties, you fly into a homicidal rage.
Some Get, confronted with indelible proof of their
failures, kill themselves rather than live with the shame.

Weaver Works — You hate all things of the Weaver,
from Gatling guns to barbwire. You despise any means
of conveyance that lacks legs (to the irritation of your
packmates) and may even consider klaives antithetical
— there are times when only claws and fangs are pure
enough. You especially loathe the Iron Riders and all
other monkey-loving degenerates who've grown too fat
and reliant on the Weaver's deceitful toys. You must
never willingly use technology, even if there is no other
way to achieve your goals.

Iron Riders

Weaver Affinity: Cannotregain Gnosison natural ground
The iron riders are tied closely to the woven world of
cities and roads, and especially to the great ritual work
s the untamed

of the iron rails running endlessly acro:
vastness of the continent. By paving the earth with iron,
the Riders hope to translate the land's natural energies
into a form they can use and understand. In the mean-
time, however, Iron Riders cannot regain Gnosis points
on bare soil — they must be resting on a railroad tie, on
a finished floor, or with some other layer of Weaver
and the earth.

work between themsely

This weakness is the mark of the Riders' sin against
the Wyld, and watchful Garou who know the signs will
treat members of the tribe accordingly. It is not for
nothing that the Iron Riders are already set apart from

the Garou Nation, for they are shunned as ones who
have lost touch with their true natures.

Regardless, if an Iron Rider is allowed into a natural
caern, he may regain Gnosis as normal, even if it is the
purest and Wyldest spot on Earth.

Wild West Companion


LIL LL

Sissi

Red Talons

Born Wyld: Inability to understand human ways

The Red Talons have cut themselves off from their homid
sides, preferring instead to rely exclusively on their lupus
heritage. This focus gives Griffin's Children an enviable
connection with the primordial Wyld, but it nearly prevents
them from understanding the growing powers of the Weaver.
While Talons can still gain Gnosis in cities and towns (so far,
anyway), they find themselves increasingly bewildered by the
nature of the spirits and physical objects within these "scabs."

A Red Talon player must pay double experience point cost
for learning or improving any Ability that is taught exclu-
sively by humans. For example, Science, as the game defines
it, has no equivalent in lupus culture and Talons, therefore,
must struggle harder to understand the basic concepts in-
volved. Yet, wolves need no additional training to learn how
to Dodge attacks or use Stealth to sneak up on prey.

Suggested restrictions on Abilities are: Crafts, Cul-
ture, Etiquette (human contexts only), Firearms, Law,
Linguistics (human languages), Medicine, Melee, Ride,
Subterfuge (the Wyrm teaches lies) and Science. Depending
on your Storyteller's interpretation of lupus culture, this list
might include other Abilities as well.

Shadow Lords

Failure's Dagger: -1 Renown for failure
Shadow Lords prize winning above all else and hate losers with
an intensity that would make the Get of Fenris proud. If ever a

Shadow Lord fails to carry out a task assigned to her by the tribe, she
loses a point of temporary Renown. This Renown comes from
whichever category that success in the assigned task might have
gained her—Glory, Honoror Wisdom. A bungled task subtracts from
the category that would have gained the most Renown for success.

In addition, the disgraced Shadow Lord earns a full
measure of scorn and derision from the rest of the tribe.
Atthe Storyteller's option, other Shadow Lords
might be less willing to assist the character
ain until she somehow redeems herself.

Redemption might be impossible for
|
~~ 1 | |

some characters, and many
OEE

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character

Shadow Lords have become vir-
tual Ronin — outcasts from
their people, as punishment for
a bungled assignment.

This weakness does not affect

the normal Renown process in
any other way. Shadow Lords
only gain the normal amount of
Renown from successful actions.


Silent Striders

Haunted

Of all the tribes, the Silent Striders labor most
heavily under the mixed blessing and curse of having a
connection to the spirit world. This burden was first laid
on the Striders in their homeland of Egypt, in the
ancient days of the world, and as a result, they must
eternally wander the world or become trapped in an
ing gloom of dead souls and pursuing shadows.

incree

Whenever a Silent Strider enters or leaves the Um-
bra, a botched roll indicates not only that she is caught
between the worlds, but that she also draws the atten-
tion of a wraith. As the Strider struggles to escape being
stuck sideways, the wraith attaches itself to her and
follows the Garou back to the world of the living.

The wraith is visible just to the now-haunted Silent
Strider who led it back to the bright world. Even other
Silent Striders cannot see the "passenger," although the
tribe has ways to identify such phantoms.

In general, the wraith behaves in neither a good nor
evil way toward its "vehicle." Instead, the creature seeks
to exploit its relationship with the Strider by nagging
her to perform services, whether from altruism ("Re-
venge my family"), remorse ("You murdered me! Honor
my memory or I'll haunt you forever!"), or some other
motivation. Often, the wraith is just lonely and annoys
its host by distracting her with constant fuss and chatter.

The only way a Strider can get rid of a ghost is to fulfill
its requests, exorcise it, or leave its vicinity. Most
wraiths are bound to a particular region and cannot
follow a Strider beyond a certain range (generally, no
arther than a town's edge or a county's limits).

Statistics for ghosts can be found in Wraith: The
Oblivion, with specific modifications and rules for run-
ning wraiths in the Savage West in Ghost Towns.
Storytellers without those books (or individuals who
prefer not to use them) can treat the typical haunting
wraith as having the following statistics:

Willpower 5, Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Sap Will, Suggestion

An enterprising Silent Strider sometimes deliber-
ately seeks contact with these ghosts, purposely
"snagging" herself on the boundary between the worlds
of the living and the dead. The secrets of the dead form
a major component of the Striders' res
information, and it is partly for this reason that the tribe
does not speak of its curse in the presence of outsiders.
Not only are the Striders ashamed of having to wander
from town to town to evade ghostly attentions, but it is
often useful to keep quiet about their relationship with
these restless souls. The elders of other tribes would look
askance at the Striders' kinship with such tainted spir-
its, and besides, the dead themselves have ears.

ves of hidden

82 Wild West Companion

x

Silver Fangs

Derangement

The blood of the Silver Fangs is not as strongas it used
to be, which is largely due to years of inbreeding with
limited flocks of Kinfolk, and the situation is growing
ngly dire as the Fangs spread across the West.

Each Silver Fang has a Derangement, regardless of the

incre:

degree of Pure Breed she possesses. It may be chosen by
the player (with the Storyteller's approval); a list of
sample Derangements follows.
Obliviousness — In dire circumstances, you
enter a fugue state and lose your own identity.
Ratiocination — You compulsively try to apply

logic to every situation and you repress emotion as

much as possible. However, when reason collapses
beneath the weight of the unexplainable, you col-
lapse, too.

Volatility — Your mood vacillates from utter bliss to
implacable despair. You begin each story atone extreme
or the other and can switch back and forth any number
of times.

Self-Aggrandizement — You seek mastery over
your fellow Garou — and everybody else, for that
matter.

Mania — You focus on one person or one thing,
to the exclusion of all else in your life. This object
of your obsession can change or intensify into
violence.

Paranoia — Youcansee the all-pervasiveness of
the Wyrm. Why can't the others see it, too? Per-
haps they've been tainted along with everyone
else. While you are arguably right in assuming that
the world is growing increasingly corrupt, your
tions of "col-

constant finger-pointing and acc
laboration with the Wyrm" don't help anything. In
fact, they cause more trouble than they solve.

Perfectionism — You work hard to keep every

aspect of your life perfect at all times. You use all of
your energy to preserve order, and you sometimes
frenzy when things don't go in your favor.

Infantilism — You revert to childlike behavior

during extremely stressful episodes.

Vindictive — When you have been wronged,
you must avenge yourself, no matter what the cost

might be to yourself or to the Garou Nation.


Stargazers

Staring into the Mirror

Other tribes often accuse the Stargazers of being too
wrapped up with personal philosophical questions to be
much good to others. Certainly, the propensity of these
mystics to become irrationally obsessed with riddles
supports such arguments.

Whenever a Stargazer confronts a puzzle that she
cannot solve (in other words, whenever the character
fails an Enigmas roll), she becomes obsessed with the
question and is unable to concentrate on anything else
until she solves it. During this time, the Storyteller may
inflict any of a variety of minor effects or "distractions"
on the character to represent the growing power of this
intellectual obsession — perhaps the character's reac-
tion time might lag behind events as her mind is
occupied with weightier matters (losing suc
Initiative rolls), or perhaps she begins to dully react to
the world around her (gaining a +1 difficulty

ses on

on all Perception rolls).

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character

"a

While these effects of Staring into the Mirror can and
t's afflic-
as time goes by without a

should change over the course of the Star;

tion — growing more se'

riddle being solved — each character should generally
suffer only one effect at a time. Of course, there is
nothing in the Starg
character from becoming obsessed with multiple riddles

rt tribal character to prevent a

(and suffering multiple distractions) simultaneously
Such difficulties naturally disappear once the Star-
gazer cansolve the original riddle to her own satisfaction.

Uktena

Intense Curiosity
The Uktena are devoted to the understanding of
secrets, and they love all secrets except for ones that

withstand the tribe's efforts. Whenever an Uktena

learns that someone knows
something she doesn't, i .
she must try to Mo, gs ae

obtain that

SASS

mE


information for herself, even if it means using ex-
treme cunning or force to draw the secret from its
keeper. Until then, all other plans and agendas the

Uktena might have once followed rapidly become

secondary to the secret. Sooner or later, the Garou
loses interest in pursuing any goal apart from this
elusive knowledge.

Several Uktena septs have been lost through care-
ful manipulation of this weakness by the Wyrm and
its creatures.

Wendigo

Wheel of the Seasons

The Wendigo are the Garou who best remem-
ber the ancient relationship between the
individual and the Earth, with its cycle of ever-
changing seasons. It is a correspondence they
preserve within themselves.

As special children of Winter, they grow in might
during that cold season, but they pay for this power by
suffering seasonal weaknesses during the three gentler

quarters of the year. Seasons, in this case, refer to the
natural seasons and not to the Weaver's tame equive

lents or "months"; thus, the powers of the Wendigo

ebb and flow from year to year and from region to
region depending on the intensity of the weather. This
correspondence helps to explain the tribe's affinity for
northerly protectorates, where winters are long and
intense, and its retreat from more southerly climes
following the arrival of the Wyrmcomers.

In Wendigo Heaven, according to the Europeans, it is

this place as the

winter nearly all year. Some construe
mythical North Pole Sea, where the
its icy court still rule at the top of the
world. So far, no Wyrmcomer ex-

Wendigoand

plorer who has sought Wendigo
Heaven has ever returned from the
frozen north.

SSS

ZALLz

Spring: Between the blooming of the year's
first green leaves and the summer solstice, all
Wendigo struggle under a +1 difficulty to their
Willpower rolls. This penalty represents the in-
creasing trouble they have concentrating as the

world becomes less serious for a while, with life

quickening and blossoms gathering all around
their shaggy ears.

Summer: Between the summer solstice and the
first fall of the leaves in autumn, the blood of the
Wendigo quickens, forcing them to take a -1 diffi-
culty on all frenzy rolls. For this reason, summer is the
season of war among the Pure Ones, and the habit is
hard to break now that the Weaver has bound the

year tight in her web of calendars.

Autumn: Between the first leaves to fall and the
first snowstorm, the world begins to die around the
Wendigo, forcing a time of inertia and increasing
restriction on the tribe. Wendigo find it difficult to
change forms in autumn, with +1 difficulty applying to
all rolls to do so.

Winter: Between the snow and the green leaves,
the Wendigo are strong, implacable and deadly. Win-
ter favors the children sired on her by the Wendigo
and grants members of the tribe -1 difficulty on all
soak rolls.


Personality
Archetypes

When we watch Westerns or take in other dra-
matic interpretations of the era, we constantly
encounter iconic (and often larger-than-life) fig-
ures who seem right at home in that period. Such
characters fill a panoply of roles that describe life on
arily the frontier. Although
such archetypes overtly simplify the variety of hu-
man personalities, these classic figures help us to
imagine the people of that day and age through what
they did and why.

a frontier, if not nece:

In game terms, personality Archetypes define a
character's drive and her disposition. Here, every
character possesses two personality Archetypes, her
Nature and her Demeanor. Nature describes a

character's true self: her core personality. Demeanor
describes her outward personality: how she appears
and presents herself to others. While a character's
Nature suggests action, Demeanor channels that ac-
tion into behavior.

During character creation, the player may select
one Archetype for her character's Nature and an-
other for Demeanor. Most Natures and Demeanors
are similar in their ends, with Demeanor often being
a hazy reflection of a character's Nature. Unbal-
anced characters have wildly contrasting Natures
and Demeanors. A forthright character might pos-
sess the same Archetype for both Nature and
Demeanor. Nature usually remains constant through-
out a character's existence; only life-altering
experiences can change one's inner self. Conversely,
Demeanor changes fairly easily, even on a day-to-

day basis.

Personality Archetypes are completely optional
when playing Werewolf: The Wild West. In many
ways, auspice determines the personality of a Garou.
Nature and Demeanor can sharpen the details of that
personality during gameplay. Both the player and the
Storyteller can better understand the character with
the assistance of Archetypes. The Werewolf Players
Guide Second Edition and Vampire: The Masquer-
ade Second Edition both give more information
regarding Nature and Demeanor, as well as additional
Archetypes that may be appropriate.

Nature and Demeanor provide simple guidelines
for roleplaying. Nature should not limit a character's
actions or a player's initiative, but it should offer a

ions. Demeanor does not

basis for actions and deci

have to rule a character's personality, as it can
change from day to day, or from minute to minute.
Unstable personalities might have a half-dozen
different Demeanors.

As an additional optional rule, the Storyteller can
give Willpower rewards for exceptional roleplaying
within the parameters of the character's Nature. The
Archetypes below include an example of how a player
can be rewarded in each case for "playing to type."

° Arbitrator

The world is harsh enough, and too many people are
looking to make it worse. You try to go that extra mile
and work out others' grievances before folks come to
blows. You can't please all the people all the time, but
you do your best to find the most equitable solution to
any conflict. You believe that bargaining and compro-
mise can solve any problem. Even when your advice
isn't solicited, you actively attempt to smooth over
people's differences with advice and negotiation. Many
Philodox adopt this Archetype.

—Regain Willpower when you guide others through
a dispute and forestall a confrontation.

* Deputy

You may not have all of the responsibility, and you
may not get all of the fame, but you do most of the work.
You're always there to back your comrades, yet you
rarely take any of the credit. If there's a dirty job, you
usually sign up second. You wait for another to lead the
way, but after that, you jump right on board. You're good
at taking orders and following them to the letter, but you
can also take charge — if that's part of the job.

— Regain Willpower whenever you complete a dif-
ficult task and someone else takes the credit.

* Elitist

No matter what your character's tribe, breed, aus-
pice, race, religion or gender, one of these aspects always
makes you better than everyone else. No matter how
well others prove themselves, they're always inferior
simply because they are different from you. Your elitism
may rest on any of these characteristics, or it could cross
all categories, which makes it all the more difficult for
others to measure up to your standards.

Elitists can be from any walk of life or any tribe. Even
Bone Gnawers can look down at the "cultured" tribes
and scoff at their wasted efforts toward civility. Elitism
is not limited to a certain group. It can flow from any
individual.

— Regain Willpower when anyone not of your par-
ticular persuasion fails miserably.

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character 85


* Enigma
What you do isn't half as important to you as remain-
ing. mystery to everyone around you. Your motives, your

goals and even your name remain shrouded by meander-
ing ramble or dead silence. Anonymity and mystery allow
you to support whatever cause suits your fancy, and they
keep your enemies guessing. Adopting fake personalities
or encouraging overestimation of your abilities creates
confusion that gives you freedom and power. Although it
may prevent people from getting close to you, your
secrecy keeps you from getting hurt.

— Regain Willpower when you accomplish a task
without revealing your intentions beforehand.

° Entrepreneur

You understand that one day they'll run out of frontier,
and you're going to be the one to profit from your foresight.
You may be a land-friendly developer, an inventor or just
a lowly tinhorn, but you know your fortune awaits. For

every person who sets foot in the West, there's one new
idea; you'll take the best ideas and turn them into cash.
This Archetype is common among Iron Riders.

— Regain Willpower whenever one of your far-
sighted ventures succeeds.

*° Explorer

You have an inquisitive mind that causes you to
unveil the secrets of the world around you. Whether
you're searching through uncharted wilderness or ex-
al circle, it isthe
thrill of discovery that fuels your ambition. The frontier

ploring the inner workings of a new soci

provides a never-ending supply of new experiences, as
well as a constant influx of fresh personalities.

—Regain Willpower whenever yousuccessfully discover
something truly unique or you uncover some hidden truth.

*° Gambler

Everything is a game to you, and you always have
to win. You take chances with your life, your friends'
lives and the lives of innocents. Anything that is
worth having is worth risking — as long as there's a
payoff in the end. Whether you ple

y for money or for
higher stakes, you always take the risk and never look
back. To do otherwise would be to admit defeat, and
you'd rather die.

— Regain Willpower whenever you risk something
of great value and come away victorious.

* Idealist

The vastness of the West is an anvil on which peace
among disparate peoples can be forged. With so much space,
why can't everyone be happy? You aren't quite as naive as
that sounds, but you feel that things could be better. You
tend tosee the best in people before you recognize the worst.
Eventhough you understand that evil people exist, youcan't

SSN

uAN

OS

help thinking that there must be some good in them.
Bringing to the forefront the best attributes in the most
heinous of criminals is your overwhelming goal.

— Regain Willpower whenever someone measures up
to your lofty estimation of people's inherent goodness.

* Leech

The world owes you a living and you're going to take
it. You might sit back and wait for handouts from the
rest of the world. On the other hand, you might just take
what you want from everybody around you. Either way,
you have no compunctions about living off of others to
maintain yourself. Packmates, strangers, friends or en-
emies — they're all the same to you, as long as you get
what you want.

— Regain Willpower whenever others give of them-
selves to you and you give nothing in return.

* Loyalist

You stick to your guns no matter how dangerous or
unpopular your cause. You are stubborn to a fault and
do not allow your loyalty to be bought, shaken or
ignored. You expect a lot from others because of your
own high standards. You might not have many friends,
but the ones you do make are friends to the bitter end.
You tend to make enemies of people who oppose your
causes, but all the worse for them. You never give up.

— Regain Willpower whenever you successfully
maintain loyalty in the

‘ace of adversity and at great
personal cost to yourself.

* Omega

Some say that you are affected by the New Moon,
regardless of your auspice. While this may or may not
be true, you always seek to question the authority of
the pack leader, or any authority for that matter.
Maybe it's because you are last in station in the pac!
maybe it's because you want to be in charge. What-
ever the r t you to

on, people around you exp
disagree with them on almost every oc:

— Regain Willpower whenever the pack listens to
your suggestion over the advice of others and things
work out for the best.

¢ Packmate

You are one part of a larger organism. The pack is your
body, the alpha is your eyes and Gaia is your soul. You
have little identity outside the pack. You look to the
others, especially the leader, for initiative and direction.

You represent ultimate loyalty, as every member of the
pack can depend on you at all times. You could no sooner
betray your pack than you could chew off your own leg.

—Regain Willpower whenever the pack survivesa danger-
ous situation because of your actions.

86 Wild West Companion


Ves

SASS!

* Patron
You never act out of self-interest; you act only in the best interests of people
around you. Whether they're starving artists bringing culture to the frontier or

settlers trying to beat back the wilderness, you support the underdog. You enjoy
being sought out for your help, and you relish giving advice to anyone in need. You
live for the attention such benevolence brings you. You are, however, jealous of
your wards and guard them from the influence of others

— Regain Willpower when something you've nurtured becomes successful in the
eyes of others.

* Scoundrel

You have no time for moral codes or "The Law of the West." You have no
scruples against shooting someone in the back or stealing from women and
children. To allow some ridiculous ethical code to determine your actions
isanathema to you. Beyond that, it could get youkilled orsent to prison. You
take advantage of every situation, no matter how low or reprehensible. It's
not that you don't have honor, it's just that you have more sense than
everyone else.

— Regain Willpower whenever you gain the upper hand by doing Lj
"the wrong thing."

* Swindler

It's not the money, really. It's not the gold, or the
property or even the look of shock when a mark figures out

he's been had. Quite simply, you live for the game itse
Whether you sell snake-oil cures for all
known ailments or maps to empty gold
mines, you make your way on the
naiveté of others.

— Regain Willpower
whenever you "pull the
wool over" someone's eyes.

* True Believer

Your faith is unshak-
able, even under the most 5
stressful of circumstances. Be-
lieving in something larger than
yourself and surrendering uncon-
ditionally to it gives you
freedom to take action in that
higher power's name.

— Regain Willpower
when your character com-
pletes an arduous task
with no assistance be-
yond his faith.

Chapter Three: The Fleshed-Out Character

Oe oy ra e
Pat: aa



"DL eae

Sa

The Storm-Borm

It sounded like a woman's shriek, a tearing, painful note
that made Emma jump and sent the plates she'd held
clattering to the cabin's dirt floor. The screech pierced the air
again, louder than any human throat could, then another
joined it, and another, and she suddenly realized it was the
horses screaming in their corral

The cabin door opened witha bang to admit a blast of hot wind.
Jacob wasin the doorway, barely holdinghimself there with his thin
arms. "A storm, mama!" he cried shrilly. "A storm!"

That was when it went dark, the slim bars of daylight
vanishing from the slitted shutters and the oil-fed flames from
the lanterns suddenly stretching tall and thin, as though
squeezed by invisible hands. Emma raised a callused hand to
her throat and rushed to the boy, stifling a cry of her own.

It looked like the end of the world. Clouds, black and thick

and roiling, filled the midwestern sky from horizon to

horizon. Lightning spat and danced among the whorls and
eddies, but there was no thunder, no sound at all but the
shrieks of the terrified horses.

Emma hugged Jacob against her belly and the whole world
seemed to explode. The storm leaped at the earth like a rabid dog.
Dirt and wood erupted into the air. The cabin flew apart around
them in silent fury; Emma could feel the storm around her,
through her, burstingher veins, melting her flesh—and Jacob's,
e screamed, but no sound came from her throat.

too. S

The storm held them for an eternity, and it was over in an
instant. Its fury swept back up into the sky like areceding wave
except for the lightning still inside her. The wind and the
fury twisted her insides with pain and filled her guts to bursting.
Emma watched the storm dwindle toa speck and felt like a child
watching her parents disappear into the distance.

The new mouth in her belly was the first to scream, as the
scrawny arms extending from her waist reached forlornly to

the sky


SSS

ZALL:

Si

P,
LY

In the Savage West, change is a fearsome

constant. Indian tribes find themselves dis-

placed after living ina region for generations,
whether by encroaching settlers or by an-
other tribe that has already suffered such a
fate. New towns unfold overnight like incred-
ibly fecund beasts of clapboard and nails.
), The minions of railway barons alter the face
of the Earth to lay down the tracks that spur

more towns that attract more people...and
Y/ onandon. And the spirit world, like a clouded

f/ mirror, reflects all this massive change in its
odd, imprecise way.
But in the Savage West, the mirror has been
broken into a thousand razor-edged shards.
Umbral storms reflect and amplify this chaos
as they madden spirits and warp the Penumbra
\ beyond recognition. In the physical world, wild

4)
]
j\
# } and mysterious epidemics, famine, drought and
lunatic behavior echo this spiritual turmoil. Where
the barrier between the realms is thin and the
storms' energies grow fierce, the Gauntlet gives way
entirely; the results are wild transformations and
weird mergers. Tumbleweeds talk, water runs uphill
and bison hunt men. The most powerful mutations occur
at the precise point where a storm breaks through the

its energies radiate outward from there like
ripples acrossa lake. The unpredictable force destroys flesh
and spirit caught in that first, furious instant, but some-
times it mingles and reshapes them instead. Beings of
power, madness, and violence result — the storm incarnate.
The Pure Ones call these creatures the "Storm-Born," chil-

dren of a strange and deadly world.
Two distinct breeds of Storm-Born can result from these
unpredictable forces, depending on the circumstances in
which flesh melds with spirit. The Fierce Ones are spirits,
usually Animal-spirits, elementals or Jagglings, that have
part or all of their essence mingled with living flesh. A spirit
whose essence is warped so violently goes insane with
terror and pain, driving the Fierce Ones to lash out at
anything in their path with their powers. These freakish
creatures cannot exist beyond the reality-bending influ-
ence of the Umbral storms, and when the parent storm
finally subsides, its monstrous offspring cease to exist. Only
those Fierce Ones lucky enough to find themselves in one
of the Broken Lands can stretch their life spans further.

RARIA

PAPO


cK

When an Umbral storm alters the consciousness
of a living thing to make the creature aware simul-
taneously of both the physical and spiritual realms,
the result is a Clever One. Such creatures are rare,
constituting perhaps one-tenth of all the Umbral
storms' spawn. Typically, these Storm-Born are
subtler and last longer than their cousins, the
Fierce Ones. Clever Ones often undergo no change
in appearance, but the shock of transformation
always does permanent harm to mundane minds.
As time passes, Clever Ones' behavior and actions
become increasingly alien. Many of these Storm-
Born are subject to bans or weaknesses similar to
ones that afflict pure spirits, though restrictions
that the Clever Ones suffer tend to echo the per-
sonal habits or taboos that the creature held during
its mundane existence. A Storm-Born who, in
mortal life, was a drunkard might still be drawn to
liquor; a creature who was once a gambler might be

unable to resist betting a traveler's life in a game of

cards. Although their powers and physiques are
the Clever
Ones are much more physically grounded and can
exist outside the Broken Lands. These Storm-Born

less dramatic than the Fierce Ones',

haunt the Savage West, leaving pain and ruin in
their wake. Despite their scarcity, these beings —
and their powers — have become the stuff of camp-
fire legend.

All Storm-Born exist simultaneously in the physi-
cal world and the Penumbra, and their perceptions
extend into both realms (which is a fact side-
stepping Garou had best remember). They possess
both Gnosis and Power, in the manner of pure
spirits. Because of their corporeality, however,
Storm-Born need not Slumber once they consume
all of their Power, but they do become unable to
perform any activity that requires it. Storm-Born
recover Power from the Umbra at the rate of one
point per hour of rest (they suffer no penalty for
dissipating all of their Power)


ZLIB

The Fierce Ones

The Fierce Ones, also called "Los Fieros" in some parts of
the Southwest, have powers similar in scope to elementals'.
Their physical forms combine their dual essences and defy
the laws of reality. They have little better than a frenzied
intelligence, similar to that of rabid animals, and they attack
any living thing that they encounter. Although very power-
ful, the Fierce Ones must often endure bans or weaknesses
that are relative to each creature's origins. However, what-
ever the restriction that these Storm-Born suffer, all of their
kind are limited to an existence within the bounds of an
Umbral storm or the Broken Lands.

Skinners

The Skinners are buffalo hunters caught skinning the
carcasses of their recent kills when a storm breaks over
them. The Umbral energies fuse their bodies with the
agonized spirits of the buffalo that they've just slain,
giving them tremendous strength, stamina — and a
burning, self-destructive rage. All sanity flees as the
Skinners turn their knives on themselves to remove
their own hides. Thereafter, they wander the West with
their parent storm and seek the skins of others.

Skinners are huge caricatures of men: very broad
shoulders and thick limbs swollen with the strength of
the buffalo. Their bodies are raw and skinless, and they
fill the air with anguished howls of pain and misery
they move. They must take the hide from any living

thing they catch to wear as their own. Stolen skin,
whether human or animal, adheres to their forms fora
short while, giving them an even more hideous patch-
work appearance but also taking away their pain. The
skin rots away within hours, however, and the Skinner
must hunt again. Skinners travel in bands of five to
eight and are tireless when pursuing their prey. A
Skinner's teeth and hands are capable of causing ag-
gravated damage.

Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 4, Stamina 8

Social: None

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 1

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 1, Brawl 3

Willpower 7, Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Power 30

Powers: Resist Pain (Power cost: 10; asthe Get of Fenris Gift),
Sense Living Flesh (Power cost: 5; the Skinner can sense
suitable prey at a distance of one mile per success on a Gnosis
roll), Howl of the Hunter (Power cost:

; anyone capable of
hearing the Skinner's howl must make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8) or be physically paralyzed for the rest of the turn)
Ban: Skinners are unable to resist the lure of salt. If a
large quantity of salt is present (one pound or more per
Skinner), the Storm-Born must make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 9). If the Skinner fails the roll, it must stop
and consume the salt before continuing after its prey.

Cyclone Hawk

This maddened creature is the embodiment of an
Earth elemental in the flesh of a large raptor. Conflict-
ing urges to fly and burrow deep into the earth drive the
Cyclone Hawk into a frenzy, with its rage creating
terrible dust storms and sudden earthquakes.

The Cyclone Hawk appears to be a large red-tailed
hawk; its feathers are mottled with metallic colors that
are, in fact, metal deposits fused with the bird's body. This
Storm-Born's eyes glow witha red heat, and its cry is deep
and rumbling. The Cyclone Hawk is able to fly for short
distances by fighting the urge to dive back down into the
earth. When it does fall, it strikes the ground like a
thunderbolt. The creature is a virtual cyclone of destruc-
tion, wreaking havoc on anything in its path.

92 Wild West Companion


Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: None

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Talents: None

Willpower 4, Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Power 50

Powers: Quicksilver Talons (Power Cost: 10; damage
Strength +2, and affects Garou like silver), Earthquake
(Power Cost: 20; by flying up and plunging into the ground,
the Cyclone Hawk can cause fierce localized earthquakes;
anyone in the earthquake's radius must make a Dexterity roll
(difficulty 8) to remain standing, and buildings in the area
collapse if the Cyclone Hawk makes a successful Rage roll),
Dust Storm (Power Cost: 15; the Storm-Born can cause a
blinding dust storm whose radius is one mile; all within the
cloud subtract four from their Perception. The Cyclone

Hawk is unaffected by such storms)
Weakness: The Cyclone Hawk takes double damage
from iron.

Daughter Night

Folks who know the stories about Daughter Night now
think twice about heading to the rescue when they hear
a girl screaming in the dark for her parents. This terrible
creature is the result of a love Epiphling merged with the
body of a young girl. The psychic echoes of the girl's fate
(she died of terrible wounds after the Cheyenne massa-
cred her family) torture the Epiphling and drive it to seek

result is a storm of jealousy, rage, paranoia, and obsession

out love and comfort from everyone it encounte!

that tears families, friends, and packs apart.

Daughter Night appears to be a girl of 12 with large
blue eyes and terrible wounds in her shoulder and chest.
She speaks in a vulnerable, trembling voice, and her
touch fills the hardest heart with feelings of compassion
and protectiveness.

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Expression 4

Willpower 7, Rage 1, Gnosis 6, Power 40

Powers: Obsession (Power Cost 10; the target must make
a Willpower roll, with the difficulty equal to the Storm-
Born's Willpower (7); Garou can substitute Rage for
Willpower if it is higher. All who fail the roll become
obsessed with caring for the creature, trying to tend to its
wounds and protect it from anything deemed a threat —

that is, any other living thing. The Storm-Born can use
this power on a dozen people at once — anyone within
100 feet is affected — invariably bringing them into
conflict with one another), Self-sacrifice (Power Cost 20;
the Storm-Born utters a scream that can force others to
do anything to protect her. Anyone capable of hearing
the cry must make a Willpower roll, with a difficulty equal
tothe Storm-Born's Willpower. All who fail the roll must
tush to her defense, even to the extent of placing them-
selves in the way of any harm that might befall her.

The Clever Ones

The Clever Ones—some call them "Los Diestros" —
are former humans reshaped by exposure to the raw
energies of the Umbra. Now they wander the land to
spread mayhem with their newfound abilities. In gen-
eral, the Clever Ones' powers are subtle, if potent, but
their bodies sometimes bear marks or signs that hint at
these creatures' true natures. Like the Fierce Ones, the
Clever Ones are subject to bans, but the restrictions on
a given individual are more rooted in a Storm-Born's
psychology than in any elemental law.

John Drowner

In the remotest outposts of the Savage West, settlers
whisper tales of John Drowner. Once an itinerant
Baptist preacher, this Storm-Born still travels from
town to town as he preaches his hellfire-and-
brimstone sermons and rouses frontier folks to drive
Satan from their midst. His powerful oratory and
healing hands drive the faithful to seek out any trace
of sin in their communities, be it real or imagined, and
to destroy it utterly. After all, as the Good Book says,
"Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live."

Towns found wanting in Drowner's eyes have become
the stuff of legend. All but one of the residents of Promon-
tory, Kansas, for example, turned up drowned in their
homes— in the midst of a droughtand uphill from the lake
that served as the town's water supply! The lone survivor
swore that, late one night, every vessel of liquid he could
see in Promontory, from horse trough to bucket, began
gushing with water. As he was washed downhill, the story
goes, he saw John Drowner riding into the distance.

John Drowner is a tall, gaunt figure with a powerful,
stern presence and a voice like rolling thunder. People
bold enough to match his gaze claim to have seen the
deep blue of his eyes roil like storm-tossed waters.

Chapter Four: The Well-Armed Storyteller §3


SSSSSSN

SS

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talents: Dodge 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 4
Willpower 9, Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Power 75

Powers: Awe (Power Cost: 5; as the Silver Fang Gift),
as the Shadow Lord Gift),
Icy Chill of Despair (Power Cost: 10; as the Shadow
Lord Gift), Mother's Touch (Power Cost: 15; as the
Children of Gaia Gift), Reveal Sin (Power Cost: 15; the
target must make a Willpower roll [difficulty 9] or begin
displaying the darker aspects of her personality), Incite
Mob (Power Cos
spending one point of power per individual within range

Staredown (Power Cost:

: variable; Drowner may raise amob by

of his voice, and by making a Manipulation + Expres-
sion roll [difficulty 8]. Ifsuccessful, any affected individual
must make a Willpower roll with a difficulty equal to
Drowner's Willpower. Anyone who fails his roll surren-
ders his will to the mob), Part the Veil (Power Cost: 15;
as the Lupus Gift)

Ban: Fire. Drowner is terrified of flame. The Storm-
Born must make a Willpower roll whenever he is near
an open fire. The difficulty of the roll is dependent on
the level of the fire: 3 for something similar to a candle,
8 fora torch waved in his face, or 9 for a roaring bonfire.

The Storm Walkers

Years ago, when the first Umbral storms appeared in
the Savage West, a council of Sioux wise men came
together to discuss what could be done to solve the
problem. The solution they reached was to use their
knowledge to seek out the storms and attempt to bring
their energies back into balance. Eight of these sha-
mans, the greatest of the council, set off in separate
directions to find and calm the storms.

None of the shamans was seen again until a year
later, when they returned to their various tribes and
spoke of a great vision they had been given. The
aid, had risen to help the Pure Ones fight
off the Wyrmcomers and restore the Land. The spirits

storms, they

of the storms promised power and knowledge for Sioux
who chosé to followtheir path: The shamans promised
icwar the besinning ofaniew age of glory forthe Pure
Ones and the Sioux Nation. The tribes followed the
shamans in pursuit of the storms and were never heard

from again.

Since then, the Storm Walkers, as the shamans
call themselves, have appeared all over the Savage
West as they try to persuade Indian Nations to follow
the spirits of the storm and rise against the
Wyrmcomers. Rumors amongst the Pure Ones tell of
entire tribes that have turned from the old ways and
that offer their children to the raging storms in the
belief that the storm spirits will drive the white men
from the plains. Those European Garou who believe
in the Storm Walkers at all think the shamans to be
possessed by powerful Banes that feed on the despair
of the tribes and that fuel the hatred of their victims
against settlers and railroad workers. The Uktena,
however, fear that there are far-worse forces at work;
they believe the Storm Walkers are the Storm Eater's
servants, whom it sent into the physical world to
prepare for its coming. The only thing certain about
these enigmatic creatures is that wherever they go,
hatred and madness follow.

The Storm Walkers appear to be vibrant, white-
haired wise men, but their skin is as cold as ice, and they
never touch any food or drink.

Physical: Strength 3+, Dexterity 3+, Stamina 3+
Social: Charisma 4+, Manipulation 4+, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4+, Intelligence 4+, Wits 5+
Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 4, Expression 5
Willpower 8, Rage 2, Gnosis 8, Power 75

Powers: Persuasion (Power Cost: 10; as the Homid Gift),
Counting Coup (Power Cost: 15; as the Stargazer Gift),
Mold Spirit (Power Cost: 25; as the Theurge Gift. The
Storm Walker imparts the energies of the Storm Umbra
into a spirit's form. If there is some form of living flesh
nearby, the Storm Walker can use this power to create a
Fierce One, which exists until such time as it has expended
all of its available power), Call the Storm (Power Cost: 30;
if the Storm Walker can make a successful Gnosis roll —
difficulty equal to the local Gauntlet rating — he can
summon an Umbral storm into the physical realm, thus
creating a Broken Land around him for as many turns as he
is able to make a successful Willpower roll [difficulty 8].
Anyone immediately around the Storm Walkerrisks being
affected by the reality-bending effects of the storm.)


of the Savage West

Most normal animals encountered in the Savage
West are not openly aggressive unless provoked. How-
ever, animals are just as susceptible as humans to the
influence Umbral storms wield across the Gauntlet. In
addition, Banes and other spirits possess animals, just as
they do people (few things are as truly frightening —
even to a Garou — as a Bane-possessed grizzly bear).
This fate frequently greets animals wandering in the
Broken Lands.

Normalanimals are best described with only Physical
Traits. Few have an Intelligence score higher than 2 or
a Perception lower than 3 (domesticated animals have
a Perception score of 2). Determining Social Traits

possessed by individual animals is up to the Storyteller.

Bats, Cats, Rats and
Other Varmints

Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -4, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite foronedie. Groupattacksdo three dice pertumand

always have three (and only three) successes for their initiative.

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Stealth 3, Larceny 1
Notes: A varmint is any small, furry beast you run

across that can prove to be a nuisance. By themselves,

they aren't much of a problem; they're hardly worth

wasting a bullet on. However, some run in bunches
(namely rats and bats), which gets a bit annoying.
Varmints live everywhere: cities, plains, mountains.
Even in the desert, six days from nowhere, you can find
some rodent taking shade under a cactus. Cooked
varmints taste like chicken; raw ones taste like squirrel.

Bear: Black/Brown/
Grizzly

Strength 4/5/6, Dexterity 3/2/2, Stamina 4/5/6
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1,-1,
-3, -3, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for Strength +2 dice; bite for Strength
Abilitie:

Notes: Bears are reclusive creatures and can be placid,

Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Stealth 1

but they have short tempers and get pretty ornery if they
feel their territory is threatened. Bears aren't afraid of
people and occasionally wander into camps at night to
forage. Much revered by Native Americans for their

strength, enraged grizzlies can give even Crinos-form
Garou a good fight. Several kinds of bears dwell in the
Savage West. Bl
long) and grizzlies are the largest (eight or nine feet long),
with brown bears in-between the two. Bears live in most

bears are the smallest (about five feet

North American forests, but grizzlies stick to the West
Polar bears (same statistics as grizzlies) stick to the far
north, naturally. Some human denizens of the Savage
West consider bears good eating.

Stampede

Any large group of herd animals can stampede
when frightened. The Storyteller can treata stam-
peding herd as a single unit rather than as
individual animals. Note, however, that killing
or incapacitating one or more members of the
herd does nothing to halt astampede. A werewolf's
Options are to step sideways (if possible), ascend
or descend out of the path of destruction, find
sturdy shelter or take her lumps. A herd, during
each turn that it stampedes, has an initiati
score of three successes. No roll is necessary to
determine if the herd hits any opponent during a
stampede. Anyone in the herd's path is struck,
gored, kicked and trampled by several animals
running in close proximity. A stampeding herd
inflicts 15 dice of damage every turn.to each
character caught in the animals' path. Characters

may soak this damage normally; characters may
attempt to Dodge (difficulty 7) during a stam-
pede. Each success scored on the Dodge roll
rembyes one die (before damage is rolled) from
the Dice Pool used to determine the damage
inflicted on that character by the stampeding
herd. Characters caught in a stampede take dam-
age for a number of turns equal to the total
number of animals in the herd divided by 10, after
which time the herd passes. For example, if the
Wind River Kid finds himself amid a stampeding
herd of 30 cattle, he takes damage for three turns
before the stampede leaves him in its wake. Stam-

peding herds steer clear of large trees, boulders
and sturdy buildings, but any crops, fences and
small structures (such as sheds and outhouses) in
their path are completely destroyed.

Chapter Four: The Well-Armed Storyteller 95


ron

Bison
Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -3, -5,
Incapacitated
Attack: Gore for five dice; stampede for 15 dice
each turn
Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 1

Notes: Huge herds of bison —commonly called buffalo
—roam the Great Plains of the Savage West. The native

inhabitants revere these creatures as one of the staples of

life and use their carcasses for everything from food and
clothing to building and handicrafts materials. These

herds once stretched as faras the eye could see, numbering

in the thousands and covering hundreds of acres. Settlers
see bison as just large vermin because of the animals' great
Buffalo hunters travel the prairies, gun down
kin them and leave them to rot. The horrible

stench of so many decaying corpses lingers for months and
travels miles downwind.

Cow/Bull
Strength 3/5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3/5
Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -3,
Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for three dice/gore for six; stampede for 15
dice each turn
Abilities: Alertness 1

Notes: These animals are found anywhere that
there are settlers and range from the family's milk
cow to vast ranching herds. Most cows are dumber
than sod and no longer have the instincts needed to
survive in the wild.

Coyote

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for three dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2
Notes: These nocturnal cousins of wolves show

up mostly in the Southwest. Settlers, particularly

ranchers, see them as little more than loathsome

varmints that poach livestock. Coyotes are smaller

than wolves and rarely attack prey larger than sheep

or goats.

Crow/Raven/Vulture

Strength 1/1/2, Dexterity 3/3/2, Stamina 2/2/3
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK,-1, -1, -2, -5
Attack: Claw for one/one/two dice; bite for one
(desperation)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 2

Notes: These three birds are all scavengers and,

as such, they hang around corpses (or folks soon to
be corpses) and carcasses, which gives them a pretty
bad reputation. There are lots of stories told about
these birds having mystical powers and being mes-
sengers for the dead, but one thing is for sure:
Watching a big black bird pick at someone's remains
is mighty unsettling.

Deer/Stag

Strength 1/3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2/3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -5,

Incapacitated

Attack: None/gore for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Stealth 2
Notes: Deer are the prime game animal in the

Savage West. Two-legged and four-legged preda-

tors pursue them eagerly, and deer lead such

hunters on an arduous chase. Some Garou and

Indian tribes, having learned firsthand how dan-

gerous these male animals' many-pointed antlers

can be, also harvest stag antlers. Deer live in the

high grasslands and forests.

Dog
Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1,
Attack: Bite for four; claw for two
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 1
Notes: Dogs are a cowpoke's best friends in part
because they help keep v:
ones. Most dogs in the Sa

ae)

mints away — even human

wage West are working pets

and are found only near settlements.


aN

tr

Chupacabra
{nonflying/flying)

Strength 2/3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2/3
Willpower: X, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK,
Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for three/four dice; claw for two/three
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Stealth 3
Notes: These rare creatures, also known as "goat-
suckers," inhabit the Southwest. Chupacabra feed off
settlers' livestock, primarily by sucking the blood of
their prey, although they occasionally eat certain or-
gans (most notably the eyes, tongue and liver) of an
animal. Mass feedings by the etive creatures can
result in mystifying sprees of animal mutilation.
chupacabra walk upright and stand nearly waist-high to
ahuman. The creature has a large, egg-shaped head and
huge eyes that allow it to hunt well at night. Of the two
types of chupacabra, flying ones are slightly larger than
the others and they possess patagia (flaps of skin that
stretch between limbs and allow limited flight). These
creatures nest in small family units and hunt at night in
groups of two or three. They frighten easily and disap-
pear into the darkness as soon as they are startled, which

makes sightings by humans rare.

Hawks/Owls/Eagles

Strength 1/1/2, Dexterity 3, Stamina
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -5
Attack: Claw for three/two/three dice; ae for four/

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2
Notes: Many breeds of hawks and owls live through-
out North America, but the Golden Eagle and the Bald
Eagle inhabit the West only. Settlers and Indians ad-
mire these majestic birds of prey.

Horse/Mustang

Strength 4/5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3/4
Willpower: 2/3, Health Levels: OK, OK,

-5, Incapacitated

-1,-1,-2,-2,

Attack: Bite for three dice; trample or kick for five/six;
stampede for 15 per turn

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1/2, Dodge 1/2
Notes: A horse is more than just transportation or a
dependable "farmhoof";ahorseis hisowner'sbest friend in the
world. They say youcan tell lot abouta person by the way he
treats his horse — and they're right. Anyone not tied to one
place depends on his horse for survival. Horse thievery is a
hanging offense in most parts of the Savage West. Mustangs
are wild horses that inhabit the southwestern plains.

Jackalope

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -3, -4
Attack: Bite for three dice; gore for four; kick for one (desperation)
Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 1

tlers often scoff at the tales of the dreaded "Piranha

of the Prairies," but when the shrieking begins in the dead of night,
abigrabbit

the scoffing ends. At first glance, a jackalope looks li
with antlers (it's obvious why the settlers scoffed). Jackalopes stand
about knee-high to anyone who's not completely bowlegged.
Hors sprout from atop their heads, between the large ears. Female
jackalopes have two horns that curve back like the ones on an
antelope, and males grow full racks similar to a stag's. Their teeth
are wide and flat in front, but they have large canines. When a
jackalope family passes through an area, it eats everything, from
grass, to grain, to livestock. It is not uncommon for several
jackalopes to bring down a sheep, though they rarely attack bigger
ally large or they happen upon
lopes shriek when they hunt,

animals unless their family is unu:

a sick or wounded animal. Ja

making a sound like a woman screaming. The creatures travel in
families of 15 to 20, but groups of 50 to 100 have been seen on the
alope meat tastes similar to rabbit, but with a

Great Plains
musky flavor reminiscent of larger game animals.

Chapter Four: The Well-Armed Storyteller 97


SSS

ZLLLz

Strength 5, Dexterity 1, Stamina 4

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -2, -4,

-5, Incapacitated

Attack: Gore for six dice

Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 1
Notes: These large animals favor the cooler reaches

of the Northwest. They gather in small herds and

seldom appear alone. Moose generally stick to wetlands

and other lowland areas

Mountain Lion

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -2,-5, Incapacitated
Attack: Claw for three dice; bite for four
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Stealth 3

Notes: Mountain lions are the biggest cats native to
North America. These solitary predators live among the
cliffs in the high altitudes of the Rocky Mountains.
Hunting deer and mountain goats, these predators carve
out their own territory amid roaming packs of gray and
timber wolves.

Mountain Goat

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2,-3, Incapacitated
Attack: Gore for four dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 2
Notes: Sure-footed mountain goats live on the craggy
terrain of the Rocky Mountains that other animals avoid.
Amid rock and sparse vegetation, they rely on dexterity
and knowledge of their home turf to protect themselves.
Mountain goats are herd animals, but due to the area they
inhabit, they tend to cluster, with the entire herd cover-
inga truly expansive range. Mountain goatscommunicate
with a bleating that signals the approach of a predator.

Mule
Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Willpower: 6, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -2, -4, Incapacitated
Attack: Kick for five dice, bite for four
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2

Notes: This pack animal is a favorite among trappers,
prospectors and others who need to transport huge loads.
It is able to carry more than its body weight for long
periods. Mules are not terribly intelligent animals and
lack many instincts required to survive in the wild. Mules'
stubbornness and surly dispositions are legendary.

Rattlesnake

Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -3, Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for two dice; poison three dice per turn
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2

Notes: Only one thing is worse than findingadiamond-
back rattler in your sleeping bag and that's having the
rattler find you. Few animals have earned as frightening a
reputation as the rattlesnake. These creatures are actually
quite reclusive and prefer to avoid a fight, but ifbacked into
acomer, they strike. Once a rattlesnake bites a character,
the poison cai
combat for each bite inflicted, or three dice every 15
minutes for the next six hours if the character is not in
combat. Damage caused by the venom may be soaked and
regenerated normally. In addition, if a werewolf doesn't
receive any damage from poison during a turn, she may
regenerate the poison instead of a wound. Rattlesnakes
dwell in the deserts of the Southwest.

three dice of damage per turn during

Scorpion/Tarantula

Strength 0, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1
Willpower: 1, Health Levels: OK, Incapacitated
Attack: Sting/bite for zero dice; poison one die per turn
(see Rattlesnake listing)
Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Stealth 4

Notes: Scorpions and tarantulas have fearsome reputations,
much like the rattlesnake's. The bite of a tarantula and the sting
of ascorpion are both venomous but generally not lethal to adults.
Their poison is potent enough to make a person seriously ill,
however. See the rattlesnake listing for details on damage and
regeneration of poisons. Desert travelers sometimes learn the hard
way that a scorpion or tarantula has taken up residence inside a
boot or some garment. A popular pastime in many small desert
towns is tocatch ascorpion anda tarantula, toss them both ina box
and bet on the fight's outcome.

98 Wild West Companion


Sheep/Pig/Goat

Strength 1/2/2, Dexterity 2/1/2, Stamina 2/3/3
Willpower: 2, Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-3, Incapacitated
Attack: None/none/bite for three; gore for four
Abilities: Alertness 2

Notes: These animals are only one step up from
varmints; they do make good eating, though. Most of
these animals can be domesticated, which means they
lack sense enough to survive on their own. It also means

someone is likely to get upset if such animals go missing.

Texas Pterodactyl
Strength 5, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1,
-1, -2, -3, -4, -5, -6, Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for five; grapple
Abilities: Alertness 2

Notes: These extremely rare behemoths of the air are
throwbacks in the Savage West. They live amid the harsh
and New Mexico, where they feed
aring high in the sky, they swoop
down to snatch up their prey without wan As they
are rarely sighted by hum: -w people believe Texas
tyls exist. Seeing a compadre snatched up and

desert mesas of Tex:
on bison and cattle.

pteroda
carried away does a lot to convince skeptics.

Wolves: Red/White/
Gray/Timber

Strength 2/3/3/4, Dexterity 3/3/2/2, Stamina 3/4/3/4
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -3, -5, Inca-
pacitated
Attack: Bite for three/four/four/five dice; claw for three/
four/four/five
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Stealth 2

Notes: Wolvesare perhaps the most hated and feared
animals inhabiting the Savage West. Furriers hunt
them for their valuable pelts. Trappers hunt them be-
cause wolves are competitors for game. Ranchers hunt
them because they fear losing livestock to wolv:
tlers hunt wolves in an effort to make the land safe for

Set-

children. Ranchers and even entire towns place consid-
erable bounties on especially daring or elusive wolves.
Red wolves are the smallest, rarest breed and exist in the
southern states only. White wolves inhabit the cold
tundra of extreme northern latitudes. Gray and timber
wolves are the breeds most commonly encountered, as
they inhabit the woodlands of the northern and western
territories.

Wolverine/Badger/
Skunk

Strength 3/2/1, Dexterity 2/3/3, Stamina 4/3/2
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -3,
Incapacitated
Attack: Claw for three/two/one dice; bite for five/four/
three; spray (skunks only)
Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 2

Notes: These are some of the orneriest creatures
living in the Savage West. Wolverines are the size of a
small dog, and badgers are usually smaller. Both animals
have a mix of brown and black fur. Skunks are the size
of a cat, with black fur and one or two telltale white
stripes running down the spine. Skunks aren't nearly as
ferocious as their cousins, but they do pack a mean
weapon. They squirt a cloud of oily musk that coats
everything for 10 to 20 feet in a straight line from their
tail-end. This musk has one of the foulest odors found in
nature and is extremely difficult to wash off. Any char-
acter sprayed by a skunk loses five dice from her pool
when performing any Social roll. In addition, her pres-
ence is immediately detectable, within 10 yards, by
anything with a nose.

Chapter Four: The Well-Armed Storyteller 99


©

4

Our perception of the Old West is littered with
cliché images. Hostile Indians ambush a company of
United States cavalry, which holds out in a dusty

ravine awaiting rescue. A gang of murderous cut-
throats and thieves falls upon a helpless town, with
only a few souls brave (or stupid) enough to fight back.
Fighting breaks down into a giant shoot 'em up free-
for-all, in which you rarely see anyone but the person

you're aiming at, and death can come froma shot fired
hundreds of yards away. But if some of those "hostile"
Indians are Garou protecting their caern, and one of

those "few brave souls" can become an eight-foot-tall
killing machine that can rend a horse in two, suddenly
things aren't cliché anymore.

This section helps you direct large-scale battles
during a session of Werewolf: The Wild West; not
your typical shoot-out in the local saloon in which
you have time to draw a bead on your opponent,
dodge out of harm's way and think about what you are
doing. It's the wild, chaotic, violent and incredibly
bloody ex episodes such as
the 1866 Fetterman Massacre, wherein fewer than

perience of open warfar:

100 U.S. soldiers found themselves stopping volleys
of arrows from 2,000 Indian warriors (the infantry-
men managed to last 40 minutes). The following
simplified Storyteller system avoids a shot-by-shot
sequence of events and simulates the fast-paced con-
fusion of mass combat.

Battles may be the stories of armies, but Werewolf:
The Wild West battles are stories about individual
werewolves and packs. Perhaps the characters are
trying to help keep their kin alive on either side (or
even in the middle of) the Plains Indian Wars, or
maybe they stumble into a skirmish in the Mexican
War. By whatever means they become involved in
an honest-to-goodness battle, they can't concern
themselves with what's happening on the other side
of the field, or with whom may be lurking in an alley
along the street. The foes immediately around them
command their attention, and these rules reflect

this "fog of w:

Imagine that you're enjoying a game of poker with
your buddies in the local saloon when dozens of des-
peradoes ride into town. You burst out the front door

and lead starts flying. A runaway horse almost tramples
you. A near-miss ricochets off the stucco wall and
sends shards of dust and sand into your eyes. Across the
plaza, a bandit levels his rifle at you. Your best friend,
shot through the chest, falls to the ground next to you

and gasps for breath. You shoot so fast that your pistol

grows hot to the touch.

How do you know when you're in the middle of a
battle rather than a simple shoot-out? If the battle
involves more combatants than can be seen at first
glance, use these mass-combat rules. For barroom
brawls, use the normal Storyteller rules. While there
are many other threats to Gaia besides humanity, the
forces of the Wyrm rarely (thankfully) gather together
in an army-sized force. However, if your Garou find the
mockery who happens to be leading the oppositi
during the course of the battle, then by all means,
resume use of the normal Storyteller rules for the
duration of that combat.

Although participating in the Battle of Little Big
Horn may be an excellent addition to your chronicle,
it should not take five sessions to tell the story. The
feel of a battle is what you want to achieve, not a
bullet-by-bullet description. Do the characters rush in
to stop an army massacre at an Indian village? What

happens when reinforcements arrive? Does a Crinos
Garou need to take cover ifa whole skirmish line opens
fire in her direction? (Hell yes!) Can she? (Not really.)
These rules allow that battle feel with a minimum of
dice rolls, while letting the characters remain the stars
of the show.

——

Once the characters become part of the battle,
don't let up. The key to mood is to maintain a fast
pace. Try not to let the players have time to think;
there should be a threat at every turn. A Garou can'
face many obstacles in the midst of a battle, including:

© Random bullets in motion and artillery shells
exploding; lead practically fills the air

* Multiple opponents

© Anything that clouds the vision; many 19th-
century firearms can generate a lot of smoke

¢ Falling bodies; when your buddy next to you
gets shot, he has to drop somewhere

© Difficult terrain and obstacles, which can
include nearby cliffs, bodies of water (rivers,
swamps), buildings or friendly troops in the way

© Charging enemy troops; the world looks a lot
different on the wrong side of a bayonet or hatchet


Getting Ready

Battles, even sinall skirmishes, do not simply happen of their
own accord. Before one side can ambush the other, scouts must
head out, reconnoiter, return and report. A band of outlaws
strong enough to endanger an entire town takes time to assemble
and usually needs an even stronger leader to keep it together. It's
hard todo that in total secrecy. The local cavalry garrison doesn't
simply decide to roam the prairies randomly; it receives its orders,
gathers supplies and has a mission. Then again, maybe the
ers in your chronicle are the ones gettingambushed. Even

battle has a reason, even if it is a Bane-possessed cavalry
commander with a bad attitude and an itchy trigger finger. A
battle is the result of a series of events, some of which are
unknown to the characters at the time, but all of which ulti-
mately affect the characters in fundamental ways.

Avoid the temptation to insert a battle into the story
simply to increase the fighting. Unless your Garou have a
vested interest in fighting the Civil War from start to finish,
which is unlikely, numerous battles can become tedious very
quickly. A good rule of thumb is to have one battle per
chronicle. Protecting an Uktena caern from assault by a local
tribe under the influence of encroaching Shadow Lords, with
the inevitable battle as the climax, makes
for an enthralling story.

The Backdrop

There's nothing worse than a story that goes
nowhere fast. Okay, your werewolves have success-
fully defended the tribe's village from an assault, so
what happens next? The Storyteller should know.
To move the narrative along briskly, the Story-
teller needs to know the events leading up to and
occurring after the battle. The story flows smoothly
that way. It means knowing the outcome of the
battle in advance.

Unfortunately, players have a nasty habit of
foiling the best-laid plans. They come up with
ideas and actions that the Storyteller could not
possibly have thought of beforehand. Perhaps they
sidestep into the Umbra, find the enemy leader and
take him out. Then again, they could have a fetish
the Storyteller has forgotten and use it to rout a
good portion of the enemy. For this reason, the
Storyteller needs to be able to maintain a reason-
able amount of flexibility, which means having a
contingency plan in case the battle reaches an
entirely unplanned outcome


SSSSESN

ZLLE,

The Fog of War

Youdon'thave time to think in the middle of a battle.
You react. Death is as close as the bullets whizzing past
your ear. War is one threat after another, and characters

should not have time to decide what comes next. The
mass-combat system allows the Storyteller to present
the chaos of warfare to the players without confusing
the hell out of them.

Warfare, in the time of the West, falls into two
categories: battles and skirmishes. The subjective differ-
ence between the two is the size of the forces involved.
The important difference between them is the type of
tactics used. Full-scale battles, such as the ones for
Texan independence, or during the Civil War and
Plains Indian Wars (at least where the U.S. Cavalry is
concerned) involve lines of battle where soldiers stand

shoulder to shoulder and shoot at each other until one
side gives way. Brigades and regiments move around the
battlefield without regard to terrain and cover.

Skirmishes, due to their smaller ind the need for
greater flexibility, typically require combatants to use
looser formations and organizations. The combatants
available at the time and

make use of whatever cover is
have greater maneuverability. Skirmishes include any-
thing from a raid on a town or village to a street fight
with hundreds of bandits.

By the 19th century, the longest large battles can last for
several days. Skirmishes typically last for hours. Even so,
the individual combatants usually become involved in the
fighting only for short periods of time. After all, other units
are fighting, too. In the interest of a smooth narrative, the
Storyteller needs to focus on the actions of the characters.
Everything else is just the backdrop of the story.

The characters' participation in an ongoing battle
should not take more than 8 to 10 turns. If the Story-
teller wants to represent a longer battle, she should
break it up into multiple segments with the interim
moments described/roleplayed as a temporary with-
drawal, a reorganization of forces or a movement to
some different portion of the battlefield. Remember,
the players may find a way, during those breaks, to
influence the outcome of the battle as a whole, rather
than remain pawns in the larger battle.

The Rules

The Storyteller combat system can be modified into a
few representative rolls to simulate mass combat. This
alteration issolely at the discretion of the Storyteller, and
the emphasis on the story should not be overshadowed.


KX

LEER OP

=,5 =
Initiative

A character's Dexterity determines the initiative. Charac-
ters with high Dexterity go first, followed by ones with lower

Dexterity. Players who wish to spend Rage points to gain extra
actions must do so at this time.

Actions

The number of Dexterity dots a Garou has determines the
number of actions he may take during a turn. Each dot
represents a single action, whether it is shooting, running or
engaging in combat. A character may attempt to perform
multiple actions with each dot, but in that case, the Dice Pool
is split between actions.

Using Gifts takes time because a character has to concentrate on
what he is doing. Concentration can be hard when it seems everyone
on the planet is shooting at you. To use a Gift requires a full tum,
regardless of how many dots of Dexterity the Garou has. Some Gifts
are instantaneous and expend only one dot (which, remember, equals
one action). The Storyteller has the final say on which Gifts may be
used in this manner.

Other actions, such as attuning oneself toa fetish, may also
require a full turn

Stepping Sideways

Travelling into the spirit world during. large battle may sound
appealing, but it is often more trouble than it's worth. First, you
must again concentrate. "Reaching" likewise requires a full turn
and, as always, a mirror or similar surface. The less-than-shiny
barrel of your rifle does not cast much of a reflection, you notice.
Andassuming youcan step sideways, where do yougo? Youcanstep
back into the physical world and take out the enemy leader, but
many of his fellows are then likely to aim their weapons at you.
Also, don't forget that some of the movers and shakers on the other
side may be supernatural creatures themselves; they may even
have spirits guarding them in the Umbra and be waiting for such
an attack.

There are other disadvantages as well. Most soldiers frown on
their comrades disappearing in the middle of a fight. If the
characters have to answer to some human authority afterward (a
military officer, perhaps), they may have some explaining to do.
Their comrades may even label them as cowards. At worst, their
"skedaddling" could cause others to run for the hills, too, especially
if the Garou in question is also leading the attack. The Storyteller
has the final say on any effects "teaching" has on the battlefield

Stepping sideways requires a full turn regardless of how many
dots of Dexterity a werewolf has. The player must still make a
Gnosis roll versus the Gauntlet


Sequence of Events

A lot happens on the battlefield, most of

which the characters cannot control.
Artillery shells explode overhead, re-
peated hits topple small trees, people
N 4 are milling about, and all this time you're
XS \\ trying to kill the enemy. The mass-combat

Z system takes all of this hurly-burly into account
YM A with a few simple rolls per turn
- Zl \ \ It's best if the Storyteller tailors the turn
sequence to the players. If an indecisive
player has a character with high Dexterity,
his turn could potentially bog down play
and make a battle scene resemble a tele-
vised chess match, with the lower
Dexterity characters' players as the
s. Storytellers shouldn't hesi-
tate to throw curves in such situations
(it's combat, after all) and penalize
dawdlers, which is another way of
saying: "He who hesitates loses ac-
tions." Just have a runaway artillery
wagon collide with the character
and move to the next player! Alter-
nately, of course, givena table ringed
with lively and attentive roleplayers
(you know — hams), the Storyteller might
SY decide to have players carry out their actions
singly in succession. The drawback here is that
such play penalizes the high-Dexterity charac-

ters, who end up with multiple actions to carry out
after everyone else's. Again, the Storyteller knows
the players best and can structure play to achieve
the best storytelling.

The Unknown

The player should make a Dexterity + Athletics roll

(difficulty 6) at the beginning of each turn to account
for the random actions of the battlefield. If the roll
succeeds, the character keeps a sharp eye out for the
ever-present dangers combat has to offer, and she
avoids them. If the roll fails, the character loses one
of her Dexterity dots for the turn. In story terms, she
loses that action as she steps out of the way of a falling

comrade, dives to avoid an exploding artillery shell or
otherwise keeps out of harm's way. If the Dexterity roll


botches, then the character loses all actions for the
duration of the turn while trying to stay alive. The exact

circumstances are up to the Storyteller.

Remember, the Dexterity + Athletics roll is not an
action in itself. It does not require the expenditure of a
dot. The roll represents events that are random and
beyond the control of the character.

Attacking

Combat occurs in broad strokes. The type of attack has
no bearing on the rules used. The same rules apply
whether the character is shooting at distant enemies or
using claws alone to tear through an opposing battle line.

The player rolls for his actions normally and at a
difficulty of 6. Each success incapacitates one opponent.
Health Levels are not an for enemies in the midst
of battle. The exact nature of the wounding or death is

relevant to the overall mood of combat, so any descrip-
tion should rely heavily on the color red. For example,
Rob's character, Trager, uses one of his four dots of
Dexterity to slash at three enemy soldiers with his
klaive. Rob gets four successes on his Dexterity + Melee
roll (difficulty 6). "

nearest him," the Storyteller says, "but misses the third.

‘Trager's swipe guts the two men

However, gore traveling in an arc off Trager's blade

spatters against the third man's face and blinds
other words, the enemy, by whatever means, simply
ceases to be a threat. Splitting Dice Pools between dots
obviously lowers the number of potential successes.

A Gift that takes a full turn to use requires a concen-
tration roll to be successful (Wits against a difficulty of
6). If the concentration roll fails, the distraction foils
the use of the Gift. If the roll botches, something nasty

happens to the character.

Gifts that act on multiple targets produce casualties
equal to twice the rating of the power. For example,
using Gaia's Vengeance (a Level Five Gift) eliminates
10 of the enemy. With Gifts, the effect is often more
important than the number of dead bodies it causes.

Players can and will think of unique ways to use
Gifts during battle. The Storyteller should be recep-
tive tosuch creative applications. The most important
question to ask in this situation is, does the use enhance
the story? If the answer is yes, then allow the character
to perform the action, even if you have to bend the

Te

rules somewhat. For example, Cynthia wants her
Rank Four character, Annie-Runs-the-Rails, to use
the Level Five Gift:
confers with the Storyteller before play begins and
hints that she has a "spectacular" use in mind, so he
approves. During the battle, she successfully invokes

Wall of Granite in combat. She

the Gift and races across her enemies' line of fire at
point-blank range, the mystic barrier between her
and the shooters. The mobile earthen wall protects
her and kills 10 opponents with ricochets and back-
fires. As always, the Storyteller has final say on what
is acceptable. Of course, Annie's explanation to her
packmates of how she learned such a powerful Gift is,
literally, another story....

Fighting Back

The characters are not the only ones doing the
shooting. The people on the other side want to kill
you and live as much as you want to kill them and
live. The fact that the characters are werewolves
merely makes them tougher to kill. The Storyteller
makes a single roll to represent the enemy trying to
get a piece of the character. He rolls five dice (diffi-
culty 6) against each G
encompasses all attacks against that werewolf made

Garou, each turn. The role

for that turn. Double the number of successes and use
the total as a damage Dice Pool. The Garou can then
soak the damages normally. Attacks cannot be dodged;
there are too many dangers on the battlefield to take
all of them into account.

Fortunately for werewolves, silver bullets are not
standard issue in the arsenals of the U.S. Army or
most outlaws. Yet, that does not mean the battlefield
is a safe place. If the werewolf becomes Critically
Wounded, she cannot regenerate at the usual one
Health Level per turn. That might leave her immo-
bile and prey to enemies on the battlefield or, worse,
a grass fire caused by black-powder weapons might
cause her aggravated damage.

The Storyteller may make every second or third turn
cause aggravated damage. The story should dictate the
frequency. For example, a town being looted by a mix of
human and mockery bandits certainly justifies this rule
(the mockeries probably have some silver bullets and
aren't affected by the Veil). Also, Garou fight amongst
themselves often, and a few silver arrowheads may be

among the stone ones flying through the air.

Chapter Four: The Well-Armed Storyteller 105


&,%;

Morale

Every participant in a battle has his reasons for
being there, even if those reasons boil down to not
having deserted in time to miss the latest outing.
Such motivations typically revolve around self-
preservation — though some warriors do cease to care
once the fervor of battle embraces them. Mostly,
though, soldiers who empty their six-shooters into a
person only to have him leap back to his feet and keep
coming (i.e., soldiers who confront Certain Death)
tend to question their purpose on a battlefield. Un-
usual occurrences here may affect more than those
people directly exposed to these events. The exact

reason and extent of a panic, if any, are the sole

decisions of the Storyteller. Remember, panic is con-
tagious. It's much easier to stay and fight when
everyone else is doing the same. If everyone else runs,
maybe you should follow.

Panic goes both ways. If a werewolf frenzies, he
may very well attack the individuals near him, and
they will probably be his friends. Mortals may have
the Delirium to protect their sanity, but seeing a
comrade shoot or disembowel members of his own

army can knock the fight out of a person.

Example of Play

In this section, we examine two turns of mass
combat. Most battles should last longer, but two
turns worth should give a feel for the rules.

Fisher-of-Skies knew that reaching Kansas was the
key, for once there, the pro-Union Creek Indians could
enjoy a measure of safety from the Confederate Army
and its Cherokee allies. The Red Talon had sworn he'd
see his Creek allies to safety, but the Confederates were
right behind them the whole way, despite everything the
old Ahroun did to slow them. Fianna who were affiliated
with the Cherokee — thanks to that half-Scot Kinfolk,
John Ross — were probably helping drive the Creeks
from the Indian Territory. Fisher-of-Skies feared they'd
lost more than the race for Kansas when the Cherokee
caught them at Round Mountain.

The Storyteller has established that Fisher-of-
Skies is attempting to help the Creek Indians reach
Kansas, where they can be relatively safe. However,
Garou infighting hampers their flight. At Round
Mountain, the tribe's luck runs out as Confederate

soldiers and their Indian allies surround the tribe.
The Storyteller has already made the decision that

the Creeks lose based on his reading a history of the

actual struggles.

The first step is to determine initiative. Because
Fisher-of-Skies is alone (there are no other players),
he goes first. He has a Dexterity of 3, so he may take
an action for each Dexterity dot. Gifts or other
complicated actions could expend all the dots in
one action.

Brad first rolls Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6)
to determine whether Fisher-of-Skies can avoid the
mishaps that occur during the battle. The roll suc-
ceeds, so Fisher-of-Skies has three actions to perform
during the turn.

Hoping to spread fear quickly among the enemy,
Fisher-of-Skies us
Gift: Flame of the Sun Dance. Brad spends a Gnosis
point and rolls Manipulation + Occult (difficulty

all three actions to invoke the

8). He rolls one success, but that's enough; it's a
Level Three Gift, and it blasts six of the attackers.
Consequently, the Storyteller indicates that the
Confederates believe the Creeks somehow have
artillery, and two more attackers run away.

With Fisher-of-Skies'
ryteller rolls five dice (difficulty 6) for the attacks

actions completed, the Sto-

against him. The Cherokee are lucky and get three
successes. Fisher-of-Skies is able to soak two. Luck-
ily, the attack does not cause aggravated damage. At
this point, the first turn ends.

Atthe beginning of the second turn, Brad decides

to spend a Rage point to give Fisher-of-Skies an
extra action. He then rolls to see whether his char-
acter avoids any mishaps on the battlefield. This
time, Brad fails. The Storyteller describes a charge
by several Cherokee on horseback, barreling straight
toward Fisher-of-Skies, who must leap out of the
way. This incident leaves him with three actions.

Fisher-of-Skies grabs a gun froma fallen soldier to
shoot the Cherokee who almost crushed him. He
raises the pistol (a first for him, he's a Red Talon)
and Brad rolls Dexterity + Firearms (for him, Dex-
terity) with a difficulty of 7. He gets one success, and
a lone Cherokee tumbles from his horse.

For his next action, Brad has Fisher-of-$ spend
another Rage point to switch to Crinos form auto-

matically. It's time to get mean. The Storyteller

106 Wild West Companion


TPR EL

decides that the transformation spooks some nearby
Confederates, who do not react well to seeing a
nine-foot-tall werewolf appear in the midst of the
charge. The Storyteller rolls a die and decides that
two of them turn tail and vamoose.

For his last action, Fisher-of-Skies lashes out at a
group of nearby Rebels attacking several Creeks.
His Dexterity + Melee pool is eight, his roll is at
difficulty 6. Brad rolls and gets four successes. Fisher-
of-Skies tears four nearby soldiers to pieces.

The Storyteller decides to use aggravated damage
for the enemy counterattack. The Fianna have
equipped some of the Cherokee with silver-tipped
arrows. This time, they score two successes, and
Fisher-of-Skies soaks only one. The Storyteller in-

dicates that Fisher-of-Skies' player must make a
Rage roll for taking damage from silver. It's a half-
moon, and Fisher-of-Skies is in Crinos form, which
reduces the difficulty by one. Still, Brad rolls five
successes. Frenzy! Brad must now decide whether to
attack or flee. Seeing his best efforts failing him and
the Creeks nearly beaten, Fisher-of-Skies decides to
fox frenzy, and he races from the battlefield. The
second turn is now over.

Fisher-of-Skies and the Creeks flee for their lives.
He may seek revenge on the Fianna, if he can find
them, or see to the remainder of the Creeks. Brad
decides he will spend the next few days shadowing
the Cherokee and picking them off one by one. The
Storyteller must then arrange the story to accom-
modate Brad's decisions.

Conclusion

The key to storytelling combat is to keep the action
nonstop. Never let the players or their characters pause
to assess the situation. The characters should not be
aware of what is happening in the grand scheme of
things; instead, they should worry about surviving.
Death should be present at every step.

Summary of

Combat
Rules

* The battle should last only 6 to 10 turns.

© Expend Rage points to gain extra dots,
which translate to actions on a one-to-one basis.

© Dexterity determines the initiative. The
character with the highest Dexterity acts first.

* Each character checks Dexterity +
Athletics (difficulty 6) to avoid random
dangers on the battlefield.

¢ A werewolf gets as many actions as he has
Dexterity dots. Split a single dot into Dice
Pools to simulate multiple actions.

© Roll for attacks normally. Each success
eliminates one enemy.

© Gifts and complicated actions (deter-
mined by the Storyteller) may require a full
turn to use. The number of targets affected
is equal to twice the power rating (i.e.,

level) of the Gift.

* Each Garou suffers one counterattack
per turn from the enemy, which hasa Dice
Pool of five (difficulty 6). Double the
number of successes to determine the num-
ber of dice rolled in the damage pool.
Soak damage normally. Attacks cannot
be dodged.

* Assume that aggravated damage occurs
every second or third turn.

Chapter Four: The Well-Armed Storyteller 10"



If werewolves were the only supernaturals making
the Savage West savage, it'd be a far less colorful time
and place — arguably safer, but possessing a narrower
range of grays and lacking in some of the more intense
blacks. As it is, variety rules on this stormy frontier.
Not only are the Garou far from North America's only
shapeshifters, but they weren't its first ones, either.
Naturally, there are differences of opinion about who
it was Gaia first put to work guarding the Pure Lands,
but those arguments are as old as shapeshifters

themselves. In the Savage West, it's an argument that
gets settled (or started up properly) with flying lead as
often as it does with fang and claw. And then there are
the ones even shapeshifters don't believe in, or don't
want to believe in: the forgotten, the monstrous, the
betwixt and between.

They may be hard to find, but in some cases that's a
good thing. Don't believe anyone, man or wolf-man,
who tells you there are no wanderers of other trails


Legendry: Why
Bunyip Hop

In the Dreamtime long ago, all the animals slept
inside the Earth like stones. In fact, they were stones,
but one day they woke up and came out to walk the
Earth as animals. One of these animals was Toad. Some
say the Earth once slept inside Toad. If you ask Toad,
even today, he will tell you that was the truth of things.
Toad will also tell you that everything | am about to tell
you is true, just backward.

In those days, Toad was always hungry or angry.
When he wasn't hungry, he was angry because things
were blocking his path as he hopped from place to place.
These things Toad ate. All other things in Toad's way
got eaten because he was hungry.

Toad ate Grub and he ate Spider. Toad ate Fish and he
ate Lizard. Toad came to the gum tree, which blocked his
way, so he ate the tree and everything in it. As he ate, he
grew, so that when he came to the stream
where Bunyip — who we call Mu-ru-
bul Tu-ru-dun — dwelled, Toad
was like a mountain that
moved, forhe had eaten
mountains, too.

ASSSSSS

ZL,

Toad's thirst was great, and he drank all the water in
Bunyip's stream. Bunyip was left in the mud of the
riverbed. He looked at Toad and said, "You drank my
home."

Toad replied, "You are in my way, so I must eat you."
And he made a huge leap, and he landed where Bunyip
had just been. Toad swallowed only mud, though, for
Bunyip was quick and had already moved away on his
flippers. Mud was not to Toad's liking, especially after

he'd been expecting Bunyip, so now he was hungry and
angry as well.

"Be still, so that | may eat you," Toad said to Bunyip
and then leaped again, but once more Bunyip was gone.
This time Bunyip was able to race only half as far away,
though. He knew that it was just a matter of time until
Toad caught him.

On went the chase as Toad came half again as close
to Bunyip with each jump. Bunyip was tired and Toad
was falling toward him when the river dweller got

caught on a spur of rock. In desperation, Bunyip
leaped just as Toad did.
Justin time, he got
away as Toad
landed


RF

on the sharp stone. He hit it so hard that he burst, and
all that was in Toad's belly was scattered far and wide.

Bunyip was pleased that he'd gotten away, and he
always remembered the secret of leaping. And from Mu-
ru-bul Tu-ru-dun all of the Bunyip tribe learned to hop.

Description

Even as early as the time of the Western Frontier in
the United States, the Bunyip are a tribe on the wane.
Confronted by genocidal aggression from outsiders,
these Australian Garou retreat to their most secret
refuges and remotest caerns. The tribe is losing its battle
for survival, not only of its culture, but of its species. The
Bunyip Kinfolk, two- and four-legged ones alike, are
being systematically hunted down and killed. Their
habitat is being destroyed. The Tasmanian tiger, or
thylacine, the tribe's four-legged kin, is never very
numerous; predation against it leads the creature into a
steady and irreversible decline that results in complete
extinction by the 1930s. The Australian aboriginal
people, among whom are the Bunyip's two-legged kin,
are fighting a conflict that will not be remembered as a
war in the histories of the European invaders who win
it. Nevertheless, it is a war in all respects.

The Bunyip themselves are not warlike creatures,
having remained aloof even from the internecine con-
flicts of their human Kinfolk. Now they must fight a war
that they did not begin and that they can't win. They
fight with the ferocity of a creature at bay and, peaceful
as they are, they are shapeshifters and overflow with
Rage and destructive potential. The war in Australia,
which eventually is remembered as the War of Shame
by those Garou who are sensitive to such consider-
ations, is in its final act by the late 19th century, the era
of the Savage West.

Homid Bunyip come from Australian aboriginal stock.
They have dark skin and dark hair, and many have
sinewy, athletic bodies. Otherwise, there are consider-
able variances in physical features among Aborigines
from different parts of the continent. The other breed of
Bunyip has as its breeding stock the thylacine, which
superficially resembles a wolf but is not one. It is, in fact,
not even a member of the canid family and is instead a
marsupial, more closely related to the kangaroo than to
the wolf. The animal is called a tiger because of a series
of dark-brown stripes that cross its back, with up to 20
or so markings on the largest individuals. The rest of the
animal's coat is a sandy-brown color, light enough to
make the stripes quite pronounced. Thylacines move
with a shuffling gait and are also capable of short bursts

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails

of bipedal hopping. They do not run well or fast, and
they hunt by stealth rather than by speed. The Tasma-
nian tigers are not pack animals and live alone or in
pairs. The mother carries her young in a backward-
facing pouch and suckles them on milk. Litte:
small, consisting of up to four. Additionally, thylacines
are the victims of intense hunting by the European
population in the far south of Australia.

Or ization
ganiza

The Bunyip are wanderers by nature, which makes it
difficult for the tribe to maintain settlements or other
meeting places. The Bunyip do have such places but not
as many, or to the same scale, as other Garou do. Also,
Bunyip do not have the pack instinct of the wolf-
descended Garou; instead, they are solitary creatures
who associate in twos or threes, if they associate at all.

are

Any organization that the Bunyip tribe does possess
comes through the tribal structure of the human Kinfolk
whom they protect.

The Bunyip typically live among their aboriginal kin
and spend more time with these Kinfolk than they do
with each other. Some reasons that the war begins so
well for the invaders are the scant cohesiveness of the
Bunyip and the limited communication among its mem-
bers. However, the war has the salutary (if futile) effect
of teaching the tribe the value of communication and
cooperation. The Bunyip tribe at the end of the 19th
century bears little resemblance to its earlier, more
natural incarnation. Now, the tribe comprises only
fierce, scattered bands whose only reality is fighting a
losing battle against the European interlopers. The
Bunyip use their native knowledge of the Australian
countryside and their superior ability to travel into and
out of the Umbra to wage a guerrilla war against the
invaders and their Kinfolk. Even now, however, there is
little coordination between the bands of Bunyip, and
each fights as a separate entity, achieving less perhaps
than they all might as a cohesive force.

Traits

Totem

The tribal totem of the Bunyip is also its namesake.
Also called Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dun, the Bunyip watches
over the whole tribe that bears his name. The Bunyip,
a Totem of Respect, is a frightening beast whose actual
physical appearance is not easy to determine. Inhabit-
ing the Dreamtime Umbra of the Australian continent,


SSNS

ZLEL;

aled and finned.

Bunyip is at once furred, flippered,
Bunyip isa water spirit and inhabits rivers and billabongs
(small lakes made by the isolation of a former river
bend). He takes on characteristics appropriate to the
river life of the region where he is currently dwelling.
Although he is a Totem of Respect, the Bunyip must
increasingly serve as a Totem of War, a craft that he is
learning. His aspect is changing, becoming more fear-
some and less mysterious.

There isa growing notion among the Bunyip that this
bellicose spirit is a new totem altogether and should be
worshipped separately. Neither totem is friendly with
other Garou or any of their totems as the War of Shame
spills over into the spirit world and causes ripples of
disharmony through the Penumbra and beyond.

Society

Although they are primarily solitary, the Bunyip do
congregate and interact in a formal and ritualized way.
These gatherings almost always involve Kinfolk, both
human and thylacine, and take place in the open air.
The gatherings, called corroborees, are made all the

more important by their rarity. A corroboree com-
prises many things — dancing, singing, initiation
ceremonies, funerals, storytelling, debate and, lately,
councils of war. All kinds of social functions are
crammed into one frenetic night. Although they are
joyous occasions, they should not be confused with
festivals or feasts. The human Kinfolk sometimes hold
a feast the ne

day, but by that time, the Bunyip have
slipped away into the wilderne:

Sacred Places

The Bunyip maintain caerns but not in the sense

that the Garou understand such places. A Bunyip
caern is often merely a locale that is central to some
Bunyip tale or legend: a rock formation, grove of
trees, water hole or whatever evokes a particular
story of the Bunyip from that part of Australia.
Other Garou who come to the continent find them-

selves unable to open these caerns with their rites.
Indeed, it takes them decades to perfect this process.
Even then, only a small fraction of the Bunyip
| their

aerns, generally the larger ones, ever rev
rets to the remaining Garou. The Bunyip do open
their caerns, yet not with any rite. In fact, caerns
appear to be permanently open to any Bunyip who
visits them for spiritual refreshment, cleansing or

just isolation.

Attributes and Abilities

One of the most distinctive Abilities of the Bunyip
is their affinity with the Umbra. Many are able to step
sideways without the need for any kind of focusing
device, such asa mirror or other reflective surface. The
Bunyip are perhaps more spiritual than other Garou, as
Rage does not dominate even the fiercest of the tribe's
Ahrouns. A Bunyip's Willpower is seldom lower than
her Rage, and Bunyip frenzy infrequently. Their Rage
is hardly ever higher than the minimum required for
their auspice. All Bunyip have a high starting Gnosis,
and unlike other homid Garou, homid Bunyip typi-
cally have Gnosis equivalent to members of their tribe
born with four legs.

Bunyip tend to have high physical Attributes, which
are benefits of their constant exposure to all of Gaia's

moods. They have well-developed Talents and certain
Skills and Knowledges, but they are not generally well-
acquainted with European technology or modes of
thought. The few Bunyip who can be found in the
vage West might be exceptions to this rule, which is
a factor determined by how much time they have spent

in this alien environment.

Backgrounds

Bunyip can begin with Allies, Contacts, Mentor, or
Rites. They do not often po: the Background: Re-
sources, although ones found in the Savage West are
exceptional in many ways. They do not po: Pure
Breed as other Garou understand it, descending as they
do from marsupial stock. A Bunyip can buy this Back-

ground, yet it affects only other Bunyip and Bunyip
Kinfolk.

Initial Willpower: 3, although it is uncommon to
encounter a Bunyip with a Willpower lower than
her Rage.

Beginning Gifts: Leap of the Kangaroo, Dreamwalk

Breeds

Bunyip of homid breed, without exception, resemble
Australian aboriginals. The aboriginal people have dark-
brown complexions, dark eyes and hair, though in old
age their hair turns gray or sometimes white. The
equivalent to the lupus breed is the thylacinus breed.
Metis are unheard of, but other Garou tribes are unsure
whether the forbidden breed cannot existamong Bunyip
or merely does not exist.

12 Wild West Companion


SLIP EL

SAAN

Forms

The Thylacinus form is highly agile but not particu-
larly fast or well-adapted to running. Bunyip are ablest
to run long distances in Homid form. The battle-form is
similar to the Crinos form of other Garou buta little less
bipedal in aspect. The intermediate forms have been
observed, yet they are not commonly adopted by the
Bunyip, who prefer the purity of the extremes.

Form Statistics

Glabro Crinos Hispo Thylacinus
Ser: +1 =} Str +1

Sta: +1 Sta: +3
Dex:=L =Dex:-1 Dex: #1" Dex: +3
Man:-1 .Man:-4 Man:—4 Man: -4
App:-l App: 0

Diff: 7 Diff: 6 Diff:7 Diff 6

Territory

The Bunyip assert that the entire continent of Au:
s their territory, and lately they have had to assert
this with fang and claw. The European Garou make
the Bunyip to retain
certain desert areas and other interior regions of the

condescending offers to "allow

continent if the natives permit European Kinfolk to
colonize Australia's fertile coastline. Needless to say,
the Bunyip see these offers for what they are, and the
conflict continues. There is, therefore, no area that can
be construed as undisputed Bunyip territory any longer.

Protectorate

The thylacine constitute the core of the tribe's re-
sponsibilities to Gaia. Its human kin, in turn, pursue a
philosophy of protecting the natural resources that
sustain them. This system, which works more or less
undisturbed for more than 50,000 years, is shattered by
the European invasion. The aboriginal people, includ-
ing the Bunyip Kinfolk, are systematically disposs
and slaughtered, a process that ultimately cuts them off
from the land, which is a part of their soul. Perhaps it is

sed

the ease and uncaring with which the invaders destroy
the tribe's links to the physical world that ultimately
causes the Bunyip to give up the fight and lose the war.

Bunyip in the
Savage West

What needs to be stressed is that there are almost no

Bunyip in the Savage West. The very few who go there
go because of freak accidents or unusual circumstances.
The number of Bunyip in the Savage West can be
counted on the fingers of one hand. Australian
aboriginals had no reason and no means to travel to
America and there were never more than one or two
thylacines in American zoos. The Bunyip might travel
there via Moon Bridge, but none of their Kinfolk is there
and the West is a region dominated by hostile Garou, so
Australian shapechangers almost never "go west." Thus
the first and hardest task in designing a Bunyip che

ter is to justify her presence in the Savage West. Bunyip
are rare and should remain so, especially if their rarity is

to havi y impact. Remember, the tribe embodies the

most tragic elements of shapeshifter existence.

With a solid enough back story, a Bunyip could be a
good choice for a Savage West character. What follows
are two examples of Bunyip who travel to the West.
Perhaps they are the only two.

Jirra

Jirra went to America as a young girl. She traveled
there in the entourage of a wealthy Englishman who,
having spent his money to no avail in Australia,
decided to try his luck on the American Frontier.

Jirra's mother a possession to Heathcote, the

Englishman, or so he treated her. He took her and her
six-year-old daughter with him on a ship across the
Pacific, but Jirra's mother didn't survive the journey.

Perhaps she was unable to be separated from the land

that so deeply suffused her blood. Whatever the rea-
son, Heathcote was left with the inconvenience of an
unwanted aboriginal child. At the time, Jirra spoke
not a word of English, and she was terribly frightened.
Heathcote sold her to the ship's captain for one pound
and forgot her — until the night, years later, when she
tore open his throat.

The ship's captain contacted an acquaintance in
the slave trade and convinced him to try to sell Jirra.
No money changed hands, but the slaver canceled a
long-standing debt that the captain owed him, and
both were quite happy with the deal. The captain
thought no more of Jirra, and he likewise didn't recog-

nize her the evening that she swam to his ship and
broke both of his arms before throwing him overboard.
As he sank, she watched with sad, moon-silvered eyes.

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails 13


The slaver had adifficult time getting money for Jirra.
Her not-quite-African appearance made potential buy-
ers wary — many suspected the child to be "soft in the
head." Finally, he consulted a friend who claimed to

have extensive experience with primitive peoples around

the world. The "expert" concluded that young Jirra was
of a rare cannibal tribe and might have value as a
curiosity. This layman's anthropologist put the girl out
of his mind until she arrived one midnight at his
Arkansas ranch to feed him his own guts.

The slaver sold Jirra to a traveling freak show. Six
wagons dragged this pitiful assortment all over the
frontier to disgust and titillate audiences in theaters
and at open-air shows. Jirra was the "Cannibal Girl
from Deepest Darkest Africa." The proprietor filed
down her teeth, and in her act, she squatted in a cage
(it lacked room for her to stand up) and ate pieces of
raw pork cut to resemble human body parts. The freak-
surprised to find that she took to
eating raw meat as if it were natural for her. He
assumed, wrongly, that it must have been a cultural
practice for her after all.

show proprietor was

Jirra stayed in the freak show from the time she was
eight until she turned 12. She made friends with the
bearded lady and the dwarf and was treated better by
these people than she had ever been before. When the

Wild West Companion

Change came on her, she spared them, freed them even
(although both ended up back in other shows of a
similar nature). Jirra methodically tracked her oppres-
sors and killed every one of them and a few of their
associates, too. She moved south, freeing slaves and
other prisoners. Jirra didn't seem to care or understand

a great deal of her ancestry, but she had some instinctive
sense that her home was to the south. Her efforts to free
slaves, though forceful and bloody, had little long-term

success and these unfortunates were often as frightened
of Jirra as they were of captivity.

Jirra continues to make her way toward Mexico and

points south. In her wake, she leaves legends of a
"fearsome striped carcajou" and, among slaves, tales

about "Jeer the Chainbreaker."
Jimmy Dingo

Jimmy's pejorative name came from the Europeans
who knew him. The colonists who mixed with aboriginals
typically gave a native an English first name (so they
didn't have to learn an aboriginal name) and a surname
that seemed to suit the native and degrade him at the
same time. There was something animalistic about
Jimmy, canine even, and so they called him Dingo.
They were not far from wrong.

Jimmy was a Bunyip who went through his First
Change just as the first hostilities of the War of Shame
were occurring. He never knew the long peace that was
the habit of generations before him, which should
have been his birthright. He grew up among Bunyip
who talked nostalgically about those time:
continued to lose the war they fought, and Jimmy got

as they

angrier and angrier. He saw his people being destroyed
by the invaders and their doing little about it because
they did not understand the seriousness of the threat,
or the real nature of the enemy. Jimmy vowed to
change things. He mastered his Rage and mingled
among the whites, posing as a "Black Tracker" — a

title the Europeans gave to aboriginals they employed.
Black Trackers traced criminals mostly, but they also
got work finding rogue animals that were killing stock.
They knew never to track Bunyip.

Jimmy Dingo was a very good tracker, but he some-
times led his charges into the middle of a desert, where
they depended on him for food and water. There, he'd
teach them some manners. Many humans, and even a
few Garou, died learning Jimmy's harsh lessons. He
could have gone on this way until he was discovered and
killed by the European Garou — except that he met
Tam. Tam was Wendigo Kinfolk anda displaced Ameri-
can Indian traveling with an American schoolteacher.


Tam befriended Jimmy and told him of her people in the
West who were fighting a war that was not unlike his
own. Jimmy, inspired by the idea of recruiting allies,
decided to travel to America.

Jimmy traveled by merchant ship to San Francisco
and he had his opened to the enormity of the world.
At that time, many Moon Bridges had been captured by
the Garou. The werewolves, however, couldn't utilize
the Bunyip caerns effectively and so the Moon Paths lay
empty. Jimmy encountered Africans, West Indians and
other peoples who had fallen victim to European colo-
ion, and he realized that the problem was much

nizi

larger than he imagined.

A year after he left Australia, Jimmy arrived on the
frontier a much-changed individual, but his central
purpose remained firm. He sought out the Wendigo to
enlist their help. The first of the Pure Ones Jimmy
encountered were, in fact, Uktena, who maintained a
strong interest in the Australian aboriginal people
after that first meeting. They received Jimmy with
sympathy but offered no armies of Garou warriors to
liberate Austral:

Jimmy continues to travel the West somewhat
lost. He occasionally involves himself in local mat-
ters, but he sadly observes the destruction of yet
another native culture.

=
Gifts

Leap of the Kangaroo (Level One) — Similar to the
Lupus Gift: Jackrabbit Jump, this Gift bestows super-
natural leaping ability and takes its name from the
familiar marsupials that inhabit the Bunyip's homeland.
The Bunyip coils to spring and stretches in a leap that
can cover huge distances from a standing start. It should
be noted that Garou later adopt the Bunyip name for the
Gift, perhaps in the tribe's memory. Naturally, a Kangaroo-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Strength + Athletics (diffi-
culty 7). If successful, she may double her normal
jumping distance as per the Jumping Chart in Werewolf:
The Wild West, p. 49.

© Dreamwalk (Level One) — This Gift signals the
Bunyip's great affinity with the spirit world. Although
Uktena and some other Garou deny sucha relationship,
there is no doubt that the Bunyip treat the Umbra as
their home. In fact, some Bunyip express surprise about
the existence of aGauntlet atall. Any Dreamtime-spirit
can teach this Gift.

System: Whenever the moon is visible in the night
sky, the Bunyip can reduce the Gauntlet in her imme-
diate area (a radius of no more than six feet) by two. This
reduction applies to the user only. Any Bunyip with this
Gift never has any need for a reflective surface to enable
her to step sideways.

© Possum's Feet (Level Two) — Moodai the Possum
t, which is called "Catfeet" in the North.
ays similar to the Lupus Gift of that name.

teaches th
It is in all w

© Measured Step (Level Two) — The thylacine is an
able hunter and tracker. This Gift operates as the
Stargazer Gift.

© Lonesome Voice of the Bunyip (Level Three) —
This Gift, developed since the War of Shame began in
earnest, comes from the closeness of the Bunyip with his
tribe. The Bunyip realizes that his children are his last
hope and that they are losing the fight. He emits ¢
booming cry that combines fear and loneliness and is
intimidating and saddening to all who hear it. An
Ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Performance (difficulty 7). The Gift affects
all non-Bunyip (although even the tribe's members are
saddened by it) who hear the cry, which causes all
targets within 500 feet to lose Willpower equal to the
Bunyip's number of successes until the interlopers de-
part the area and leave the Bunyip alone.

 Landspeak (Level Three) — The Bunyip have such
an affinity with their homelands that they comprehend

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails M5


it as a song. Landspeak represents this connection and
affinity. It should be noted that the Gift is intended to
be used only in the Bunyip's homeland, and in normal
circumstances, it would be ineffective in a foreign place
— the Savage West, for example. An avatar of Mu-ru-
bul Tu-ru-dun teaches this Gift.

System: The Bunyip must listen to the ground by
placing his ear against a tree or rock, or directly on the
earth. The player makes a Gnosis roll (difficulty 6). The
number of successes indicates the relative distance within
which the user can gather information. One success
might indicate a mile or so, whereas five successes would
be more than 100 miles. The Bunyip can learn the
number and type of creatures that tread on the Earth or
such things as the distance of an approaching storm.

¢ Vice-Jaw (Level Four) — Thylacines are known for
their ability to open their mouths extremely wide and to
exert powerful pressure on anything unlucky enough to
be between their jaws. This Gift is identical to the Lupus
Gift: Gnaw.

¢ Guardian of the Dreamtime (Level Four) — A
Bunyip who learns this Gift no longer has any restric-
tion on her ability to step sideways. The Bunyip can ride
the Gauntlet between the two worlds with ease, phasing
in and out of the spirit world effortlessly and keeping
tabs on both environments seemingly at once. An
avatar of Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dun teaches this Gift.

System: Day or night, reflective surface or not, the
Gauntlet is always treated as two less fora Bunyip using
this Gift. Also, the Bunyip can reduce for other Garou
the Gauntlet in her immediate area (a radius of 10
feet). She makes an Intelligence + Primal Urge roll
(difficulty 7), with each success indicating either a
reduction of one for the Gauntlet or a duration of an
hour for that reduction (e.g., three successes lower the
Gauntlet by one for two hours or by two for one hour)
at the player's option.

© Bloody-Mindedness (Level Five) — "Bloody-
mindedness" is an Australian expression that denotes
an unshakable commitment to a certain idea or goal.
The Bunyip with this ability can dedicate himself to a
particular endeavor and remain undistracted by almost
anything. An avatar of Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dun teaches
this Gift.

System: The player spends two Willpower points
and decides the nature of the task that is to be the focus
of the Gift. The Bunyip then has no need to eat or sleep
until the task is performed. All difficulties directly
associated with the task drop by one. Any supernatural
attempts to prevent the Bunyip from completing the
chosen task fail automatically. If the Gift is used in

SSSSSEN

ZHLL:

combat, the Bunyip becomes unable to avoid any at-
tacks other than those of the targeted combatant. Her
soak Dice Pool versus these other attacks is doubled,
however. The Bunyip gains one extra attack per round
versus the chosen opponent.

* Billabong Bridge (Level Five) — It was through the
use of this Gift that the Bunyip efficiently traveled the
vast distances of the Australian continent. A Bunyip
can enter one body of fresh water and emerge from
another such body any distance away. The journey
cannot involve salt water, however. Both bodies of
water must be well-known to the Bunyip using the Gift.
An avatar of Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dun teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and
envisions his destination. Only the Gift user can travel
this way.

=
Rites

Because of the minuscule presence of Bunyip in the
Savage West, the tribe's rites never occur there. (For
more information on the Bunyip, see Rage Across the
World Volume 2.)

Quote

Come to my lands, have you? Do you seek to take them
from me like others have? Will your blood join theirs on the
sand or are you the one who'll finally overcome me? For
surely my spirit will soon fail.

— —
Stereotypes
© Silver Fangs: They are the embodiment of all
that is evil — creatures who claim a spiritual
existence but instead are murdering thugs. They
have no respect for us, nor understanding.

© Other European Garou: A mixed bunch —
they mostly do as their leaders do and this is bad.
We have had some sympathy but little help.

© The Pure Ones; Proud and not unlike our-
selves. They Cannot or will not help us, but at
least they do not involve themselves in our
persecution. Imbetter timesywe might havetaught
each other much.

* Rokea: We have never had cause to challenge
their domains They are strange to us, but we are not
enemies. Perhaps the invaders might learn from
this relationship.


XO

Legendry: The
Pride of the
Patient Ones

I give you thanks, my brothers and sisters, for sharing
your meat and the warmth of your fire with an old man. |
will give something back to you now, out of respect and to
honor the Great Spirits who brought us together in this
sacred place. This is an old story told by my people, and I
pray its lesson gives you wisdom. This is the Spider's Tale.

Once, many seasons past, the world was in harmony.
The offspring of Gaia nurtured and protected the land,
all according to their gifts. The first of these Changing
Breeds was called "the Weaving Folk," or sometimes
They v

diligent children of the Weaver, and in the Dawn

"the Patient Ones." the werespiders,

Times, they spun out the foundations of earth and
sky. Their limbs were swift and sure for
the spinning of

the finest threads, and their bodies glowed in jewel-like
hues. They knew all the secret places of the Earth and
the hidden ways of the spirit realms. And they were
proud, as eldest children often are, without respect or
humility for Gaia's younger Children.

Sad for me to say, the world's harmony was short-
lived. The Weaver fell ill and became mad. In his
delirium, he forced his children to build and build,
without reason or purpose, upsetting the balance and
suffocating the land. The Weaving Folk went to their
beloved Queen Ananasa, the Weaver's consort, and
pleaded with her to intercede on their behalf. But the
Weaver turned on her, and they fought. The Weaver
could not destroy Ananasa, so instead he wove around
hera black opal, trapping her inside forall time, and cast
it down into the dark places of the Earth. There it fell
into the clutches of the Wyrm.

The Patient Ones wept when they heard of Ananasa's
fate, and so great was their horror that they gave up their
labors and went down into the darkness to beg the
Wyrm for her release. In those days, the Wyld was

mighty, and if they
had only asked,
all the other
shapeshifters
would have

rushed to
help.


SSSSSSN

ZLEZ,

tS

oe

But the Weaving Folk were too proud to share their
troubles with mere babes, and so they went to the
Corrupter alone. Now, the Wyrm had long coveted the
arts of building and shaping, which were beyond its
powers, so it demanded a ransom from the werespiders.
If they would serve the Wyrm for 1,000 years, their
queen would go free. Without hesitation, they agreed.

So began a time of nightmares, as the Weaving Folk
turned their skills to the making of snares and traps for
the children of the Earth. The werespiders gave no
thought to the terror they spread, but the more they did
the Corrupter's work, the more tainted their souls be-
came. One after another, the weavers succumbed to
madness or despair or, worst of all, they grew to love the
misery they caused. Finally, when all was nearly lost,
those Patient Ones who still remembered their love for
Ananasa understood the Wyrm's plan. There would be
no freedom for their queen, only deed after unspeakable
deed until the werespiders lost their souls and surren-
dered themselves to corruption. If the Weaving Folk
were to survive, they would have to find where Ananasa
was hidden, rescue her and escape. But the deed was
beyond the greatest of the werespiders. It would take the
sharp eyes of the Corax, the cleverness of the Nuwisha
and the valor of the Garou. But such was the werespiders'
pride that never once did they consider going to their
brothers and sisters with a humble spirit and begging for
help and forgiveness. Instead, they came together and
made a plan to trick the other shapeshifters into giving
them what was needed.

First, the Weaving Folk turned their snares upon the
Pumonca, for it was well-known that the werecougars
had little love for the Corax and their secrets. Many
Pumonca were taken or slain, and then when the
weavers went to the Corax, the wereravens welcomed
them out of gratitude. During one of these visits, the
werespiders told the Corax of a great opal that was
treasured by the Wyrm and hidden so deep in its lair that
none of Gaia's Children could ever find it. Of course,

the Corax could not resist such a challenge, so they took
to wing and did not rest until they had searched all the
Wyrm's secret places. The danger was great, and many
swift Corax were slain, but at last they found the opal in
the deepest holes of the earth. To their dismay, the
wereravens saw that the opal was a dull, black thing, not
the glittering treasure they had been led to believe, and
it was too large for even the greatest among them to
carry. Bitter and dismayed, the Corax told the Weaving
Folk what they had found, but after that, the wereravens
had no more to do with them.

Once they knew where the opal was hidden, the
Patient Ones went to the Nuwisha and told the
werecoyotes that they discovered where the Wyrm kept
its heart; it was a dark opal deep in the earth, and the
Garou should be ashamed for not having learned of it
themselves. The Nuwisha took this information with
glee and used it to shame the Garou, who rose up in their
rage and vowed to dig out the Wyrm's heart and crush
it between their teeth.

The werewolves threw their might against the Wyrm,
and the Earth trembled and bled. The Garou were bold
and fierce, but their enemies were numberless. While
the battle raged and heroes gave their lives for Gaia, the

werespiders slipped into the Wyrm's deep vaults and
stole away the great opal. When the Garou finally
fought their way to where the opal had been hidden,
they saw at last how they had been tricked and vowed a
bitter vengeance on the ones who had deceived them.

And so the Weaving Folk fled into the darkness with
their queen, drinking in the night air and staring up at
the stars as one would stare into the eyes of an old friend.
But then they heard the bitter howls of the wolves and
felt the coldness of the winter season, and they realized,
too late, where their pride had brought them. Every
hand was raised against them, and there was nowhere in
the wide world that offered them comfort or shelter.
Where once the folk hung the stars in a silken web and
ordered the movements of the heavens, they were now
outcasts, unable to show their true faces without being
hunted and killed.

This, then, is the Spider's Tale. Remember it well
when you believe yourself to be older and wiser than
your tribemates and Kin. You are not setting yourselves
above them; you are setting yourself apart, a path that
leads only to loneliness and despair.

Description

The Savage West's Ananasi are exiles in a world
they helped create. Where once they were the great
builders, the shapers of earth and sky, now their
name is synonymous with nightmares and deceit.
No human can look upon their massive spidery
forms without madness or fear, and many of the
Changing Breeds remember with fury how they were
once manipulated by the Weaving Folk's schemes.
Ever surrounded by enemies, the Ananasi live s
lent, stealthy lives, whether in lawless frontier
boomtowns or in the high, wild places of the Savage
West. Their only remaining link to the meaning of
their existence, the great Queen Ananasa, remains

Wild West Companion


imprisoned, as her dark opal chamber is secreted
away somewhere in the Umbra until such time as
she may be freed. Until then, the werespiders are a
people adrift, relying on no one but themselves to
shape their destinies. As a result, the Weaving Folk
are the only race of shapeshifters who serve all three
aspects of the Triat.

Ananasi who choose to serve the Weaver are not
committed to propagating the reckless expansion of
cities and telegraph lines across the land, but they seek
to stem the relentless tide of human expansion, redi-
recting it through political manipulation and intrigue
Often, their manipulations in the cities along America's

eastern seaboard bring them into conflict with the
growing population of immigrant vampires, which
leads to elaborate contests of guile and subtlety as the
two sides steer the unknowing human population to
serve their aims.

Some werespiders are unable or unwilling to return
to the ways of the past, perhaps having resigned them-

selves to the fact that the Weaver can never regain its

tightness, nor the sense of balance it once had. These
Ananasi swear themselves to the defense of the em-
battled Wyld, and they take a more active role in
rooting out minions of the Wyrm and protecting the
sacred places of Gaia. Many times, these Wyld
werespiders settle in abandoned caerns to preserve the
power of these sacred sites; some legends suggest that
the Uktena consulted with the eldest of these
werespiders before the Pure Ones managed to build the
great web of caerns that imprisoned the Storm Eater so
many centuries ago

Both Weaver and Wyld Ananasi share a tendency for
subtlety and manipulation, achieving their aims through
the use of allies or unwitting pawns. Where the Garou
have Rage, the werespiders have limitless patience and
look toward the long-term in any situation. For the
Patient Ones, the end always justifies the means, which
isa view that accounts for the werespiders' reputation of
being cold-hearted, ruthless and deceitful. An Ananasi
does not ask for trust, nor does he offer it. The only real
loyalty that the werespiders can claim is to their lost
queen, who holds a mythic significance for them that
cuts across philosophical lines.

Unfortunately, not all of the Ananasi were able to
win their freedom ages ago. There are still werespiders
who willingly serve the Wyrm. These corrupted ones
act as the Wyrm's prize hunters, cunning assassins and
agents provocateurs. Where normal Ananasi are reclu-
sive, these creatures hunt in packs of four to eight, doing
the work of their master and, above all, hunting for free


Ananasi to drag back into the depths. The savagery of
these creatures and their sudden, bloodthirsty raids led
European Garou and their Kinfolk to refer to these
servants of the Wyrm as "Comanche Spiders."

Or ization
ganiza

Most Ananasi are solitary, territorial creatures,
and the divergent philosophies of the Patient Ones
make their attempts at central organization difficult.
Over the centuries, attempts to organize the Ananasi
into a unified entity for the purpose of self-protection
have failed. The werespiders' independent nature
make it difficult for them to set aside personal agen-
das for the purpose of a common goal, no matter how
important. Apart from rare family efforts and the
aforementioned Wyrm servitors, Ananasi usually link
only with like-minded werespiders by means of the
Rite of the Spirit Web. Through such connections
between lairs, they share news and spread warnings of
threatening activity, but these networks rarely ex-
tend beyond a regional area. The major exceptions in
the Savage West are chains of Spirit Webs that
parallel the railway lines. Centuries of persecution by
humans, Pumonca, and Garou have given the Ananasi
levels of distrust and paranoia equal to any vampire's.
The fewer who know about a werespider's existence,
the better.

Conversely, the Comanche Spiders are unified to
the point of having no real individual will. It is the
Voice of the Wyrm that drives them day and night.
From their first moments deep in the pits of the Earth,
their minds are linked irreversibly to the Corrupter so
that no werespider who enters its grasp can ever es-
cape. It is the overriding will of the Wyrm that drives
the Comanche Spiders to assemble in packs. Their
members sometimes tear at one another in mad feroc-

ity and frustration, even as they spread their terror
across the Savage West.

Traits

Long ago, after the Weaving Folk found the opal
that imprisoned their queen, the greatest of their
elders hid the enormous orb in the remotest part of
the Umbra. To this day, it remains there, watched
over by the eldest weavers from each generation
and a horde of vigilant spirits, until such time as
Ananasa can be freed. From this place, she shares
what wisdom and power she can with her children.

Every werespider born enters into her care without
question; as a result, Ananasi need not purchase a

Wild West Companion

SS

Totems Background to receive the Gifts of the
queen. Ananasa grants all of her children Enigmas
+3 and Occult +2.

All werespiders begin with Willpower 7 and Gnosis
3. Ananasi are creatures of order, reason and manipula-
tion, and they do not possess Rage.

Werespiders have Renown similar to Garou, but each
member of the Triat favors them differently. Weaver
Ananasi value Wisdom above all, while Wyld
werespiders pursue Glory and, toa lesser extent, Honor.
Ananasi ranks are generally not recognized outside
their faction.

Breeds

Ananasi produce two breeds of offspring: homid and
the much rarer arachnid breed. Like werewolves, 1 in 10
matings with a human produces a homid Ananasi, who
is kidnapped when the first signs of the change manifest.

When in their Crawlerling form, Ananasi are ca-
pable of mating with regular spiders, with 1 in 100
matings producing an arachnid. Initially, these
werespiders are the same size as their normal kin, and
they must grow by consuming the flesh of their siblings
and other spiders. It can take as long as two or three
months for an arachnid Ananasi to gain enough mass
to take on a size equivalent to the Pithus form, which
is an everyday shape in this period — and accounts for
some of the darker campfire tales of the era. Until that
time, the growing werespider is vulnerable to the same
threats as a normal spider, and many perish before
reaching a viable size. Ones who do survive are taken
in by their Ananasi parent and taught the ways of their
people.

Youngarachnid Ananasi remain close to their parent
(and to their nutritious siblings) until adulthood, at
which time, the surviving werespiders go into the world
to find their own lairs. The bond between parent and
child is the tightest connection that the Ananasi share;
occasionally a mother keeps her daughters together to
protect a vital caern or to complete some large, lengthy
undertaking (sometimes literally —a few Ananasi clans
in the Savage West run funeral parlors to help conceal
their subterranean activities). These groups of
werespiders are called "shuttles," and they organize
themselves with a rigid hierarchy that defines each
individual's responsibilities to the group.

There are no known instances of Ananasi metis.
Werespiders who speak on the subject claim that the
offspring of two werespiders is never born alive, but the
Weaving Folk refuse to discuss such matters with outsiders.


Forms

A werespider's internal physiology is similar to an
arachnid's, such that they cannot digest solid foods in any
form apart from Homid. The Weaving Folk require blood
to survive, making them akin to living vampires. Origi-
nally, the weavers were able to subsist on the blood of
animals, but during their service to the Wyrm, they were
nurtured exclusively on the blood of humans, and now
nothingelse nourishes themas well. Asaresult, werespiders
have a Blood Pool similar to that of vampires and can
hold a maximum of 10 Blood Points. One Blood Point is
consumed per day, regardless of a werespider's activity.
Like vampires, the Ananasi feed by piercing the flesh of
their victims with fangs. Enzymes in the werespiders'
saliva seal the wounds afterwards.

As the werespiders are creatures of the Weaver and
bear no allegiance to Luna, the Ananasi do not take
aggravated damage from silver. Only fire and the usual
weapons of Changing Breeds or other supernaturals
(claws, teeth, etc.) cando them lasting harm. Comanche
Spiders, with the Voice of the Wyrm shouting in their
minds, are immune to fear-based attacks (e.g., Icy Chill
of Despair, Staredown).

Ananasi can assume four distinct forms: Homid,
Lilian, Pithus and Crawlerling. Although the Comanche
Spiders take on these same forms, forced breeding and
the energies of the Wyrm make their statistics more
physically robust.

Homid: An Ananasi's human form is generally tall
and slim, adorned with long hair and dusky features.
Facial features are angular, delicate and exotically at-
tractive. Comanche Spiders in Homid form tend to be
hirsute, with bristly-brown or black hair and intense,
unblinking eyes.

(ei : In this form, the werespider grows to almost
seven feet in height, and her body becomes covered in
fine, black hairs, like velvet. Common features include
a broad face, and large oval eyes. Among Comanche
Spiders, two extra pairs of arms extend from the torso
just above the waist, giving the Ananasi a spider's eight
limbs. Fingers end in curved claws, which can cause
aggravated damage (Strength +1), and the werespider
can make six such attacks per turn.

Pithus: Also referred to as the Pit Spider, this is the
nightmarish form that still evokes atavistic terror in
the minds of humankind. Like the Garou's Crinos
form, Ananasi in Pithus form engender the Delirium
in humans who see them. The Pithus form is a great
spider whose body is five feet in length and resembles
a black widow in shape. The spider's mandibles are

huge, powerful and capable of causing terrible wounds
(Strength +2). For some Ananasi, the Pithus form is
strangely beautiful, adorned in complex designs of
jewel-like colors, but many werespiders in the service
of the Wyrm are unmarked and as black as night.
Comanche Spiders in this form resemble huge tarantu-
las or wolf-spiders in shades of red and brown, which
provide camouflage against the surrounding terrain
(opponents' Perception rolls are at +2 difficulty).

Crawlerling: In this bizarre form, the weres;
body breaks apart into hundreds of smaller spiders,
which can act in concert with a sort of collective
consciousness. The Ananasi takes in all the informa-
tion perceived by its myriad of eyes and can move with
great stealth and speed. The form grants an additional
20 Health Levels to the werespider, but the drawback is
that the individual small spiders of the Crawlerling form
are as vulnerable as normal spiders. If an Ananasi loses
more than 30 percent of its Crawlerlings, it is unable to
assume any other shape until it has caught and con-
sumed the flesh of an equal number of spiders. In the
Southwest, the spider population is so sparse that
werespiders are reluctant to risk this form.

Form Statistics

(numbers in parentheses are for Comanche Spiders)

Lilian Pithus Crawlerling

Str: +3. (+4). Str: +4 (+5) All physical and social stats
become 0
Sta: +2.(+3)— Sta: +3 (+5)
Dex: +3 (+3). Dex: +2 (+3)
App: -1 (-2).. App: -2 (-2)
Man: 0(0). Man: 0 (0)
Diff: 6 Diff: 7 Diff: 8
——

=
Gifts

Ananasi are capable of learning Gifts from any spirits
allied to the aspect of the Triat that they serve, but
additionally there are certain Gifts unique to the
werespiders that are passed along from parent to child
down through the ages. Each Ananasi begins with three
Gifts.

Leap of the Hunter (Level One) — As the Lupus
Gift: Jackrabbit Jump.

© Eyes of the Umbra (Level One) — With this Gift,

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails 121


ASS

ZLOB

CX

Fs

a werespider may concentrate and peer into the spirit
world at will.

System: The player must make a successful Gnosis
roll against the local Gauntlet rating.

¢ Sense Wyrm (Level One) — As the Metis Gift.

¢ Venom (Level Two) — This Gift allows the
liva to contain a powerful toxin, which
they can inflict with a bite — or a kiss.

werespider's

System: The Ananasi spends a Blood Point to acti-
vate this Gift. The player must either make a successful
bite attack on the target, keeping track of the number of
successes that were rolled to hit, or roleplay kissing the
target. If the target suffers even one point of damage, she
must then make a Stamina roll (difficulty 7). If the
target gets a number of successes equal to or greater than
the werespider's successes, then she resists the poison. If
not, the poison takes effect and lasts for the duration of
the scene. The venom of the Ananasi is a powerful
paralytic poison that lowers the target's Dexterity by
one for every unresisted success the spider rolled to hit.
The venom of the Comanche Spiders, on the other
hand, isa virulent necrotic poison that inflicts one level
of aggravated damage per unresisted success and doubles
the target's wound modifiers.

 Spinnerets (Level Two) — The Ananasi is able to
spin webs from glands hidden in her hands and feet
when in Homid form. In all other forms, the spinnerets
are on the werespider's abdomen.

System: It costs one Blood Point to activate this Gift,
and the player must make a Dexterity roll to weave the
desired web successfully. It requires a Strength of 6 and
three successes to break a strand of this webbing.

© Still as Stone (Level Three) — With this Gift, the

Ananasi can remain virtually undetectable, so long as

she remains absolutely still.

System: The player must spend a Blood Point and
If someone attempts to detect the
Ananasi, he must make a roll of Perception + Alertness

remain motionless.

(difficulty 8) versus the werespider's Willpower (diffi-
culty 6). If the werespider wins the contest, she goes
undetected.

¢ Reshape Object (Level Three) — As the Homid
Gift.

¢ Assimilation (Level Four) — As the Homid Gift.

© Gaia's Hidden Ways (Level Four) — With their
innate knowledge of the foundations of earth and sky,

the Ananasi may find safe pathways through hazardous
or otherwise impassable terrain.
System: The player spends three Gnosis and rolls

Perception + Alertness, difficulty equal to the area's

Gauntlet rating. If successful, the werespider somehow
finds a path through the area; such a route can be a cleft
in a rock wall out of a canyon, a cunningly hidden
tunnel that leads underneath a raging river, etc.

© Mold the Spirit (Level Five) — As the Theurge Gift.

Rites

While an Ananasi is free to employ rites suited to

whatever aspect of the Triat she chooses to serve, there
are numerous rituals that the Breed passes down from
parent to child in sacred trust, to be kept as heirlooms of
the werespiders' time as the Weaver's chosen servants.
These rites concern the weaving and shaping of the
energies that bind the physical and spiritual realms
together.

Rite of the Spirit Web

Level One

With this rite, the Ananasi can stretch an Umbral
strand of energy from one location to another and
communicate through it instantaneously over vast
distances. Rite of the Spirit Web allows the reclusive
werespiders to remain in contact with one another as
well as to spread warnings or other vital information.
To create a strand, the player spends one permanent
Gnosis point and makes an Intelligence + Enigmas
roll; the difficulty is the higher of the two anchor
points' Gauntlet ratings. Once established, the tendril
is permanent but is vulnerable to Umbral storms or to

disruption by an Umbral traveler who detects it (Per-
ception + Enigmas [difficulty 9]). Once the strand is
established, the Ananasi can communicate verbal
messages (sent and received as vibrations along the
strand) at will between the two points.

Rite of the Gossamer

Door

Level Three

This rite, a further sophistication of the Spirit
Web, is one in which the werespider builds an
Umbral tunnel of sorts that connects two locales
and permits instantaneous travel between them.
This rite takes three days to complete, and the
weaver must have detailed, first-hand knowledge

122 Wild West Companion


of the two anchor points. To create the tunnel
requires four Gnosis points and an Intelligence +
Enigmas roll, difficulty equal.to the higher of the
two points' Gauntlet ratings. The number of suc-

s determines the size of the openings at either

end, beginning at one square meter and expand-
ing by another for every success. Once the tunnel
is built, it may be used at any time thereafter with
the expenditure of a Willpower point and a suc-
cessful Gnosis roll (difficulty 7). At the time the
tunnel is opened, everything within the opening
is instantaneously transported, then the tunnel
collapses and a new one must be built. Many
Ananasi maintain these doors in their lairs as
bolt-holes for dire emergencies, whereas the
Comanche Spiders have perfected their use as a
tool for ambushes and kidnappings.

Rite of the Umbral
Loom

Level Five

With this rite, the Ananasi may use their an-
cient skills to work the fabric of the Gauntlet. A
werespider may raise or lower the Gauntlet rating
of an area by spending permanent Gnosis points,
on a one-to-one basis. This effect is permanent
unless acted on by outside forces (e.g., building a
town on the site, extending a railroad line through
the area).

Quote

Come on in boys! Welcome to Miss Jane's. Leave
those pistols with Mr. Montague there and head on into
the parlor. This here's a respectable establishment,
and we've got some rules. I don't allow no fightin', no
cussin' and no spittin' on the floor. We've got poker
tables, good whiskey, and the finest-lookin' ladies this
side of the Mississippi. So settle down and relax, and
I'll set you up with some drinks. We can talk about
payment later.

¢ European Garou: They are like chil-
dren, reckless with their passions and
careless with the treasures Gaia has given
them. They war with their brethren over
the sacred sites, sometimes wrecking them
in the process, and then they claim to be
the protectors of the land! Beware of these
trespassers, for they are the true storm that
istavaging the West, and they will kill you
and take what you possess, as they have
done to so many others.

© Uktena: For all that they fear us, they
still respect our place among Gaia's Chil-
dren, and they have kept the Pure Lands
in harmony for millennia. Their love for
the land and the desperation of their plight
gives us a.chance to redress old wrongs.
We should aid them whenever possible, so
long as it does not put us at undue risk.

© Corax: Avoid them if you can. Infor-
mation is the coin they deal in, and they
share your secrets just as swiftly as they
give you someone else's. More than one
Ananasi has fallen prey to Garou or worse
after dealing with a Corax.

¢ Pumonca: The werecats have never
forgiven.us for the way we persecuted them
in ancient times. Now'they seek out our
lairs and slay us out of hand. If there is a
way to make peace with them, we must
find it.

¢ Vampires: Never forget that they are
the spawn of the Wyrm, but remember too
that the young ones cam be useful cools.
They spin such simple webs. If one is
careful, one can turn their strands to one's
purposes and let them assume all the risks.

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails 123


Gurahl

Legendry: The Way
of the Bear

Most of the Changing Breeds agree that the Gurahl
rank as the first and oldest of all the shapechangers,
but I heard a different story from my grandmother
about how the bear folk came into being. It goes
something like this:

At one time there were no bears — only humans
and a few herd animals and small critters. The hu-
mans traveled from place to place, following the
herds and never staying long in one spot, until they
got tired of traveling and decided to settle down and
grow food. They became farmers and worked hard —
too hard, one clan thought.

At first, one or two members of this
clan, the Anf-Tsa'gahi, left the
settlements of their people and
went to live in the mountains,
where they imitated the
ways of the animals
they saw. After a
while, they no- 7
ticed that

ee

ay + -

long brown hair began to cover their bodies and

they started to grow larger and to think differently
than their human kin.

When they returned from the mountains and told the
other members of the Ani-Tsa'gdhi how they had learned
to live a simpler life, without the trials and worries of
planting and harvesting, the whole clan decided that
they too wished to learn this new way of living.

Following the directions of their changed kin, the
Ani-Tsa'gihi fasted for seven days and purged their
bodies of human food. Then they traveled to the moun-
tains. In time, some became the first Gurahl, while
others changed completely into bears.

They never forgot their human origins, however, and
when times were hard and the crops failed, a few of them
returned to the settled places to give their lives to feed
the ones they left behind. The bear-people taught the
humans songs to sing in time of need.

Gaia saw this happening and rewarded the Gurahl
with the secret of rebirth, so that those who gave their
lives to keep others alive could, themselves, return to
life. I'm not saying that this story is the only one
about the beginnings of the Gurahl, but it's
the one I know and the one we Kinfolk

tell each other during the long winters,
when food grows scarce and we get
ready to sing the bear-

hunting songs taught to
us long ago.

(aioe Se.
<ul Pea,
any Ws y =
& enn


LEER OL.

Description

Like the Uktena, Wendigo and Croatan tribes, some
Gurahl come to the New World with the Pure Ones by
crossing the land bridge alongside their Kinfolk. The
werebears spread out, along with the human tribes, to all
parts of the Pure Lands, from the Arctic regions to the
southeastern woodlands and everywhere in-between.
Hardy and adaptable to mountains and forests, the
Gurahl make their homes in sacred Dens, away from
most humans but near enough to keep an eye on their
Kinfolk. European Gurahl arrive with the immigrant
populations that come from Scandinavia and Russia, as
well as from Western Europe. These werebears chafe in
the cities of the East and are among the first to join the
westward push in search of the wild places of the
American Frontier.

Gurahl typically serve as Gaia's caretakers and
nurturers. From the earliest times, they act as healers
and providers, purifiers of the land and teachers of the
other Changing Breeds. The Wars of Rage affect them
deeply, however, by driving many werebears into hiber-
nation and away from the society of other shapechangers
for centuries. Thus, numerous Gurahl who walk the
Pure Lands get their first disorienting glimpse of human
progress during the time of the Savage West. Emerging
from their long sleep is, for many members of this usually
éven-tempered Changing Breed, a rude awakening in-
deed. The Gurahl wander unawares into some of the
most violent and widespread destruction of the Wyld
that is ever seen. Some werebears react during this
period by doubling their efforts as custodians of the
wilderness, but others direct their energies at humanity,
the root of that monster weed that is progress.

The reverence the Breed feels for the seasons and
their slow, steady change makes the rapid and tre-
mendous alterations of the western landscape all the
more painful for Gurahl. Werebears who are not in
hibernation at the start of the 19th century have an
easier time adjusting to the era's massive shifts, but
their fellows suffer shock, confusion and gloom. Some
slip back irito Harano; the shapeshifters' depression
they'd entered slumber to escape. Individuals who are
alreadycawake when «he Storm) Enter escapes taie
quickly aware of something being amiss, but there are
as many approaches to fixing that something as there
are werebears during this period. Some of them em-
bark on Umbral forays to apprehend the spiritual
causes of the Storm Umbra, whereas others try to
shield their Kinfolk (both humans and bears) from its
chaotic effects.

In the Savage West, many newly arrived Gurahl
act as guides for wagon trains, as traveling doctors,
as teachers and as sheriffs. Just as many established
ones live by themselves (or with their families) in
the least inhabited regions. Differences often erupt
between werebears helping pioneer settlements and
those seeking to curtail what they see as encroach-
ment. Such disputes escalate into violence only in
the rarest instances, which is a testament to the
Breed's extraordinary patience. However, encoun-
ters between native Gurahl and other shapeshifters
(especially European Garou) are far less predictable.
Wariness is the rule of the day for anyone in the
Savage West who knows she's meeting a werebear.
A knowledgeable wanderer of the frontier under-
stands that her reward might be a new Gift, but it
might be a new scar, too — if her luck's not really
bad. Otherwise, she might wind up decorating the
underside of some boulder.

Or ization
ganiz

Gurahl prefer to dwell alone or with their fami-
lies, at least until their children (or cubs) grow old
enough to fend for themselves. Each Gurahl estab-
lishes her own protectorate, usually a territory large
enough to supply her with sufficient food and breath-
ing space. Gurahl consider themselves responsible
for the well-being of the creatures dwelling within
their protectorate. Again, in the Savage West,
whether that protection extends to specific humans
depends on the individual werebear. When
boomtowns, railroad stops and trading posts clutter
the landscape and threaten to upset the balance of
life in a Gurahl's territory for example, even the
most benevolent of these shapeshifters can turn a
tad mean. The coming of locomotives and the pro-
liferation of gold-mining towns earn the wrath of
many a Gurahl for the claim-jumping human
varmints who infest the West.

Because they are solitary creatures, the Gurahl do
not adhere to a complex social hierarchy. For the
most part, each Gurahl makes his own decisions and
keeps his own counsel. Communication among the
Gurahl comes about through regular council meet-
ings similar to Garou moots. The most important
gathering, the Great Council, occurs during the au-
tumnal equinox. Here, Gurahl elders assess the doings
of the past year, welcome new cubs into their ranks
and acknowledge the deeds of worthy members with
increases in rank and Renown.

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails 125


SSS wy
«|
H &, 4
ZI Ze.
Although werebears do not maintain the sort of Breeds
caerns the Garou do, they consider their Dens to be
sacred places. Gurahl retire to these secluded, Gnosis- In the Savage West, ursine Gurahl still e in

rich havens each winter to spend that season in slumber
and meditation.

Gurahl communicate with one another through a
system of claw marks made on trees or scratched across
the surface of boulders. They speak the Gurahl tongue
as well as the language of bears.

Traits

Gurahl adopt some aspect of Bear as their totem.
Many dedicate themselves to the Incarna itself,
while others feel closer to the Great She-Bear (Ursa
Major) or the inquisitive First Cub (Ursa Minor).
Bear asks only that Gaia's firstborn remember his
sacred guardianship of the land and its creatures.

Gurahl assign three kinds of Renown: Honor,
Succor and Wisdom. Honor comes from responsible
actions and nobility of heart. Succor measures the
desire to protect and nurture. Wisdom reflects the
Gurahl's growth in understanding her place in the
world and her closeness to Gaia.

Gurahl characters start with 6 Willpower, to
reflect their innate reluctance to change their minds
or to succumb to persuasion. Homid Gurahl begin
with 3 Rage and 4 Gnosis, while ursine Gurahl begin
with 4 Rage and 5 Gnosis.

Instead of spending Rage for extra actions, the

slow-moving Gurahl use Rage to increase their
Strength or Stamina (on a one-to-one basis). They
may gain as many additional points in Strength as
they have in Homid form or they may double their
Stamina to twice that of their current form. So long
as they abide by these limitations, Gurahl may in-
crease both Strength and Stamina in any
combination.

Each Gurahl begins as a Ragabash, then she
progresses through stages that correspond to the
Ahroun, Galliard, Theurge and Philodox Auspices

as she ages. Most elder Gurahl are, therefore,

Philodoxes, although once a Gurahl has experi-
enced an auspice, she may revert to it at any time in
her life if it seems appropriate. Thus, some ancient
Gurahl prefer to return to the playfulness they knew
as cubs, becoming wizened trickster bears who teach
through games and riddles.

Wild West Companion

numbers equal to their homid relatives, which is an-
other reason that the Breed is more dangerously

unpredictable than it is only a century later. Most
homid Gurahl come from the Native American tribes
and occasionally serve as shamans or wisdom keepers for
their human relations. Homid Gurahl of European
stock tend to come from lands where bear cults once
existed. European Gurahl usually claim a protectorate
in the high wilderness, thus sparking many legends of
gruff mountain men and women who live off the land
and visit civilization only on rare occasions. Ursine
Gurahl proliferate in the highlands and forests of the
Savage West, at least before trappers and hunters whittle
away at their Kinfolk and diminish their breeding stock.

Gurahl choose their mates carefully by using a simple
but effective rite to select suitable Kinfolk with which to
breed. Therefore, metis Gurahl do not exist.

Forms

Like the Garou, Gurahl have five forms. Al-
though most werebears prefer to remain in their
birth form, they readily assume any of the various
forms as necessary.
¢ Homid: In human form, Gurahl exhibit a wide
riety of physiotypes, though they tend to be taller
and more muscular than average. Hair, skin and eye

colors range from dark (for ones of Native American
stock) to fair or ruddy (for Norse or others of Euro-
pean heritage). A few Gurahl have begun to breed
with the small but significant African population of
the Savage West, as they seek to strengthen their
bloodlines and incorporate the wisdom of other
lands, but such occurrences are still rare.

¢ Arthren (Glabro): In this form, Gurahl re-
semble the stereotypical "hairy mountaineer" most
often linked to them in legend. Their naturally rich
voices grow deeper and sound more threatening.
They easily attain or exceed human maximums in

Physical Attributes.

© Crinos: The werebear battle-form towers 10 to 12

feet in height on average, though some individuals reach

a height of 16 feet. Their overall size increases, bringing

their weight up to nearly a ton. The face becomes
bearlike, while nonretractable claws extend from fore
and hind paws. A dense, wiry coat of hair covers the
entire body, affording additional protection against dam-
age. Speech is restricted to guttural monosyllables.

W


¢ Bjornen (Hispo): The near-bear form of the Gurahl
mimics that of the prehistoric cave bears — gigantic
creatures with oversized fangs and claws. The Gurahl's
thought processes undergo a change in this form, be-
coming more instinctive and less cerebral. Human speech
is impossible, though they can still communicate in a
simplified form of the Gurahl tongue.

¢ Ursus (Bear): Ursine Gurahl look like normal bears
Black, brown, and grizzly bears predomi-
avage West.

in every w
nate in the S

Form Statistics

Arthren Crinos Bjornen Ursine

Su: +3 Str: +5 Str: +4 Str: +3
Dex:.+0: Dex:-1 Dex; -2 Dex: +0
Star +3 Sta: +5 Sta: +4 Star+3
Mans-2 Man: -3 Man: +3 ‘Man: 3
App: -2 App:0. App: +0. - App? +0
Per: +1 Per: -1 Per: +2 Per; +2
—

Gifts

As Gaia's firstborn, the Gurahl received an abun-
dance of Gifts from the Great Mother. These
blessings, taught by Gaia herself, involve healing,
purification and mysticism. Long before the Wars of
Rage, Bear's children taught the Garou Gifts such as
Mother's Touch, Sense Wyrm, and Scent of the
True Form, all of which are therefore appropriate for
werebears. All Gurahl begin with a Breed Gift (urs-
ine Gurahl may choose either Lupus or Metis Gifts),
an Auspice Gift (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse)
and a Gurahl Gift.

© Fiddlefish (Level One) — The Gurahl scoops her
hand (or paw) through any stream, lake or sea to catch
a hefty, healthy fish. Using this Gift in the same place
too often results in failure, due to Gaia's anger at the
Gurahl''s gluttony.

System: The player does not need to make a roll,
nor does he need to spend Gnosis so long as he wants
only one fish per day. Repeated use of the Gift
requires a Dexterity + Athletics roll; success gains the
Gurahl one additional fish. Failure results in no fish,

while a botch signifies Gaia's annoyance with the
Gurahl (who must atone for his greediness before
again using this Gift).

© Sentinel's Warning (Level One) — The Gurahl
becomes aware of any hostile presence in his protector-
ate. The sense of intrusion causes him to feel uneasy and
on-edge. This Gift does not allow the Gurahl to deter-
mine the precise cause of the threat and it functions
only when activated, unlike the Danger Sense Merit,
which requires no activation.

System: The player rolls Perception + Alertness and
spends a point of Gnosis. Each success maintains the
Gift for one scene.

Nature's Plenty (Level One) — This Gift enables
a Gurahl to find enough food, healing herbs or other
needed plants to feed or heal an individual creature
she's caring for.

System: The player rolls Perception + Primal Urge
(difficulty 7). Each success allows the Gurahl to find
food or one type of healing herb.

* Grisly Aspect (Level Two) — Gurahl use this Gift
to appear even more formidable than usual, making
themselves seem taller, broader and more ferocious.
The Gurahl also gives off a subtle scent that engenders
panic or dread in most creatures, even predators.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Intimidation
(difficulty equals the target's Willpower). A single suc-
cess causes the victim to hesitate; three or more successes
force the target to flee.

© Ride the Storm (Level Two) — By using this Gift,
aGurahl may travel through even the most tempestuous
part of the Storm Umbra without harm.

System: The player rolls Strength + Enigmas (dif-
ficulty 8) and spends a point of Gnosis. A single
success allows the character to travel safely through
Umbral storms and upheavals; additional successes
let the Gurahl bring additional persons with her on a
one-to-one basis.

¢ Anchor the Umbral Den (Level Three) —
This Gift enables the Gurahl to reduce the cha-
otic fluctuations and other effects of the Storm
Eater in the immediate vicinity of his Den's
Umbral portion. This ability makes it possible
for Gurahl who choose to pass the winter in
hibernation within the Umbra to do so without
fear of catastrophic disturbances.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Occult (diffi-
culty 7) and spends two points of Gnosis. Only a single
success is necessary to calm the Umbra in the region
around his Den. The effect lasts until the Gurahl

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails 127


|

leaves the Umbra for any reason. Thus, a single use of
the Gift can last for an entire season of sleep and
meditation, provided that the Gurahl remains within
the protected spot.

Ease the Fevered Mind (Level Three) — This Gift
allows the Gurahl to soothe raw emotions, smooth over
terrifying memories and calm the fears of others.

System: The player rolls Perception + Medicine
(difficulty 7). Each success allows her to suppress
another's madness or Derangement for one scene. A
Gurahl cannot use this Gift on herself.

¢ Masking the Hunted (Level Four) — This
Gift allows the Gurahl to call upon the local
terrain to provide a safe hiding place for someone
being hunted.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Stealth and
spends a point of Gnosis. Difficulty is equal to the
Perception + Alertness of the hunter. One success
es add to the

provides a false trail; additional suce
effectiveness of the hiding place itself.

* Gaia's Breath (Level Five) — Taught only to the
wisest of the Gurahl, this Gift brings a dead
werecreature back to life. The Gurahl reserve this
Gift for werebears who sacrifice themselves for oth-
ers. No Gurahl has been known to use this Gift on
non-Gurahl, nor to attempt it on anyone dead for
more than a few hours. The Gurahl do not teach this
Gift to the other Changing Breeds.

Syste:
nent Gnos

The player spends a point each of perma-
s and Willpower and rolls Charis
Occult (difficulty of 6 plus the number of hours
elapsed since death, not to exceed a total of 10) to
entice the spirit back into a recently slain body.

Only one success is required to call back the spirit

and revive the creature to the status of Incapaci-
tated. Extra successes may restore missing Health
Levels. Only one attempt may be made on a single
being. Ever.

Rites

Gurahl love ritual and they have devised many
rites for everything from greeting the sun and
moon to purifying the land, healing themselves
and others and celebrating the major passages of
life from birth to death. Many Garou rites have
their origins in the rituals of the Gurahl. In addi-
tion to the following examples, Storytellers may
use any Garou rite (with appropriate modifica-
tions) for Gurahl characters.

Rite of True Mating

Level Two

Gurahl do not mate until they attain adulthood
and learn to perform this rite, which locates one
or more Kinfolk suitable for breeding. The Gurahl
places a cutting of her hair along with a drop of
her blood in a small bag, which she then hangs
around her neck. For three consecutive nights,
the Gurahl wears the bag while she sleeps. On the
morning after the third night, the player spends a
point of Gnosis and rolls Charisma + Empathy
(difficulty 7). The bag exerts a pull on the Gurahl's
mind and leads her to the location of a suitable
mate (either human or bear).

Rite of the Dead
Woods

Level Three

Gurahl use this rite to discourage settlement in an
area. By urinating on a tree, he renders it worthless as
lumber. Small branches broken off an affected tree
may be used, but felling one completely leads to
unnaturally quick deterioration of the wood (it
crumbles to pulp within hours). Only Gurahl whose
protectorates are overrun by especially stubborn hu-
mans invoke this rite. To do so requires the
expenditure of a Gnosis point during the marking of
a tree. Rather than attempting to mark all trees in
their territories, Gurahl usually target the oldest and
most substantial trees in hopes of convincing inter-
lopers to spare such spirit-filled titans. The
single-minded rapacity of the timber industry ulti-
mately leads to this rite's disuse.

Quote

Yes, I know that you must move through the pass
quickly, and that you need my help to do so. I will
show you a safe route through the mountains if you
are patient and wait until I finish greeting the Great
She-Bear and First Cub as they rise in the heavens.
Of course, if you cannot wait, you may try to find the
way without me. I will come later and try to pick up
the pieces.

128 Wild West Companion


SLIER EL

¢ European Garou: They have no respect for
the territorial rights of those who have lived here
long before they were whelped. Their unthinking
arrogance has led to great disruptions in the
Umbra as well as to the suffering of the land and
its native people. Still, if they learn to demon-
strate respect for the Great Mother and her
creation, we may reach an accord with them in
time. Until then, we watch and wait and with-
hold our trust.

© Uktena: These Garou understand and appreci-
ate knowledge as much as we do, if not more. They
seek to uncoversecrets that might cause them great
harm and lead to disaster. Memories of the Wars of
Rage prevent us from sharing our own lore with
them as fully as we would like.

* Wendigo: They have not stopped fighting the
Wars of Rage in some respects. If they could see
beyond theirown noses and acknowledge thatall the

Changing Breeds have acommonenemy, they would
make excellent — if sometimes intemperate —
defenders of Gaia. As it is, they are too rash and
angry to think clearly.

© Pumonca and Qualmi: These creatures are far
too curious for their — and our — own good. In
addition to that, their predatory natures overcome
their good sense. We treat them cautiously and
intimidate them when necessary.

© Corax: If they weren't so useful as messengers
and information gatherers, we would stay as far away
from them as possible at all times. Not only are they
greedy and acquisitive, they also talk too much.

© Nuwisha: The ravens should learn from these
Natural tricksters on how to revere Gaia through
humor. Although we are often the victims of their
pranks, we try to bear them in good grace, knowing
that they too serve the Great Mother. Still, we try to
direct them to other targets when we can.


Back in the days before even the first wasichu came
to our shores, our cat cousins were not as enigmatic as
they are today. It was Lynx's own curiosity that got him
into such a state.

In those days, Hare was a talkative fellow. He would
blather on all day about anything, and all of the other
animals thought he was dim-witted and full of himself.
Well, he was pretty dim-witted, but eventually he

WS AL

caught on that no one was listening. So he went to
Bear because Bear was very wise, and Hare hoped that
Bear could make him wise as well.

Bear said,
only be learned with experience."
" Hare whined.

"I cannot make you wise. Wisdom can

"But no one listens to me,

"Well, that I can fix. Carry this stone with you and
you will always appear to be wiser than you are."

So Hare took the stone and returned home. From
then on, all animals listened when Hare spoke, for
what he said sounded very wise (most of the time they
just couldn't understand him).

Now about this time, Lynx came sniffing around,
trying to learn the secrets of all the other animals.
He was pretty successful until he got around to
Hare. Try as he might, he couldn't decipher Hare's
yerly hidden by his

secrets, for they were cle
sagacious-sounding words.

All of this thinking and puzzling was making Lynx
hungry, so he pounced on poor unsuspecting Mouse.

"Please, don't eat me!" Mouse squeaked.

"Why should I not?" Lynx asked. "I am hungry,
and you are just big enough to keep my stomach
quiet so I can think."

"I know you are trying to discover Hare's
secrets. If you spare me, I will tell you
what I know."

"Very well, tell me what makes Hare so
clever that I cannot learn his secrets."
"Hare was not always so clever,"

Mouse said. "He used to blather on all
day long and no one would listen to
his foolish talk until he went to
see Bear and returned carrying
that small stone which he always
has with him. Perhaps his secrets
are in the stone."

Lynx was astonished that he
hadn't thought of that himself,
and he immediately forgot about
Mouse, who had slipped quietly
away. Lynx thought that it ought

to be easy enough to get that
stone away from Hare and
learn his secrets.

So he waited in ambush
for Hare, and when Hare
happened by, Lynx sprang
up snarling and hissing and


looking very hungry (for he had let his intended meal
go free). This so terrified Hare that he shrieked and
bounded away as fast as he could, unwittingly dropping
his magic stone, which rolled to Lynx's feet. Lynx
quickly snapped up the stone and swallowed it, so no
one would know he had taken it and so Hare would
believe he had lost it in his wild flight. At least, that's
what Lynx hoped.

After Hare recovered from his fright, it soon became
apparent to everyone that he no longer seenied as wise
and clever as before. Hare was so embarrassed that he
never spoke another word.

Lynx had quite a different problem.

He returned to his people to report his success. But
though he sounded very wise, they found his new
manner of speech difficult to follow.

Lynx realized what the problem was and tried to
cough up the stone, but it was too heavy and remained
stuck in his gullet. He sought the help of Bear, who had
given Hare the stone in the first place. But Bear would
not help Lynx, saying only, "The gluttonous creature
chokes on his own vice," and chuckling. Humbled, he
was forced to ask Hare for help. Word of Lynx's troubles
had spread far and fast thanks to Raven, but Hare had
shamefully hidden away and not heard the news. When
he caught sight of Lynx, Hare remembered his earlier
terror (it helped that Lynx, having had no food yet,
looked still hungrier), and he fled. Lynx gave chase and
eventually got Hare in his claws, but when Lynx de-
manded to know how to make the stone's magic stop, all
Hare did was shriek in terror. Lynx was so angry (and so
hungry) that he gobbled Hare up.

To this day, the children of Lynx will always chase
the children of Hare, even when there is easier prey to

be had.

Description

The Bastet like to think of themselves as the
Eyes of Gaia; for no tribe is that name truer than for
the far-seeing Qualmi. The Riddle Dancing
werelynxes keep much wisdom and hide many se-
crets in their tahla, passing it on only to anyone
clever enough to decipher this riddlesome speech.
Most werecats speak in tahla only when trading
secrets or when they want to be cryptic. Qualmi
speak in tahla all the time! This practice makes
things interesting and frustrating for their allies.
Storytellers and players may choose to roleplay a
Qualmi's riddles, or they may use the Gamecraft
rules found in Werewolf: The Wild West.

It is nearly impossible, even for the Qualmi them-
selves, to make any sense of the history of this tribe. It
is told differently by each Riddle Dancer and filled
with enigmatic parables of their ancestors that have no
sense of continuity, such as "How Lynx-boy Stole
Wendigo's Sight," "How Weeping Skunk Fooled Coy-
"What Glowing-Bundle-Leap Found at the
Bottom of the Ocean."

ote" or

The Qualmi, like their cat kin, are found mainly in
Canada and the northernmost reaches of the United
States. These hardy and adaptable folk prefer to keep
to their own forest territory rather than wander the
breadth of the land as Pumonca (werecougars) do.
Qualmi spend much of their time in their Feline form
or in the shapes of other animals. In cat form, they
have small, thickset bodies with long hind legs, short
tails, large fur-covered paws and distinctively tufted
ears. Their heavy coats range from reddish to grayish
brown, feature indistinct spotting and fade to white
underneath. In winter, their coat lengthens and takes
on a frosted appearance, and the fur ruff at their
jawline becomes even thicker. When they do assume
homid form, they tend to be small and wiry, dark-
skinned and dark-eyed. They dress in the rugged
clothing of their homid kin among the Cree, Ojibwa,
Inuit, Salish and Mohawk (to name a few). Even the
youngest Qualmi can have gray or graying hair, and the
Riddle Dancers have a certain ageless quality that

makes it difficult to distinguish between a youngster of

20 winters and an elder of 60.

Isolationists by nature, Qualmi prefer the company
of animals to that of people. With magic that allows
them to assume any animal shape, the Qualmi find it
easy to make friends and allies. Although they seek
solitude, they are never inhospitable to people they do

meet, and they are generous to people or animals in
need. If a Riddle Dancer likes you, she'll take you
home, feed you and give you gifts as long as you're
clever enough to keep her interested. The catch is that
you have to put up with both her seemingly infinite
stream of nonsensical questions and her long silences.
It's rare that a Qualmi tires of her guests before their
patience reaches its limit.

The Wendigo don't hold the decidedly unwarlike
lynxes in very high regard, but the Qualmi are on
friendly terms with the Uktena and occasionally visit
the tribe's northernmost caerns to trade riddles with
the Theurges and Philodox of these most enigmatic
Garou. Before the advent of the Wyrmcomers and
the Storm Eater, which jarred the tribe back to
concerns in the real world, the Riddle Dancers often

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails

a


indulged in more esoteric pursuits and sought obscure
knowledge in the wildest, most isolated reaches of
the physical world and the Deep Umbra.

Less affected by the second War of Rage than any
of their cousins, the Riddle Dancers don't hold a

grudge against the European Garou so long as the
invaders keep out of Qualmi territories. Although,
when the Wyrmcomers and their kin start sniffing
around Qualmi and Qualmi-kin lands looking for
atch out! Thes uming cats are masters

gold, y
of tricks and traps, and they use their animal allies
and powerful elemental Gifts to drive away interlop-
ers; plus, it never hurts to have the Wendigo as your
neighbors in times like these. A few Qualmi, seeing
the threat the Wyrmcomers pose to the Pure Lands as
a whole, go beyond simple defense of their territory.
One Riddle Dancer in particular, Strange Owl
Woman, seeks to discourage miners and railway build-
ers from their westward expansion. She undertakes a
fantastic quest through the Storm Umbra to learn
potent spirit magics from that mistress of riddles —
Sphinx. With these new Gifts and her own clever-
ness, she perpetrates acts of sabotage and uses guerrilla
warfare tactics to drive miners and railroad workers
away from Qualmi lands.

Or ization
ganz

Unlike their Garou cousins, Qualmi have no formal
organization and only rarely participate in the taghairms
(moots) of other Bastet. Even their infrequent appear-
ances at these gatherings stem more from an interest in
exchanging secrets than from any need to socialize.
Qualmi meet only when an elder takes in a cub for
fostering. In most Bastet tribes, this tutelage lasts for a
year after the First Change, but the Riddle Dancers'
strange and solitary ways usually send a youngster to
seek his own way after the first six months.

una

Although Qualmi keep no caerns of their own, once
they reach a respectable age, they often attune them-
selves to their territory and set up a Den Realm there
(see the Bastet sourcebook, pp. 83-84 for more informa-
tion on this Background).

Traits

Unless they are pressed to the limit, the werelynxes
are much more relaxed than werewolves and are
quite self-possessed (starting Rage 2; starting Will-
power 5). They also suffer Luna's displeasure so that
silver affects Qualmi the same as it does Garou. The

keen senses of their feline heritage extend to all

forms but their Homid one (lower difficulty for
Perception rolls by two), thus enabling them to see
easily except in complete darkness. Werecats have a
certain talent for spirit magics as well (starting
Gnosis is one higher than for Garou of the same
breed). In spite of this seeming affinity with the
spirit world, werecats do not find it easy to cross the
Gauntlet into the Storm Umbra. In fact, they must
first learn the Level Four Gift: Walking Between the
Worlds to do so.

The Riddle Dancers revere Luna (Qualmi always
bearsome symbol of the moon on their persons), though
they lack the close bond that the Garou share with her
and so have no auspices. Similarly, being the self-reliant
creatures that they are, they neither form packs, nor can
they forge a relationship with any totem or Ancestor-
spirit (Bastet may not take the Pack Totem or Past Life
Backgrounds).

Qualmi advance in rank much as Garou do, though
they value the traits of Cunning and Ferocity more than
they do Wisdom or Glory. The Riddle Dancers have
their own sense of Honor. Their solitary existence
forces the werelynxes (like most other Bastet) to rely on
spirits to carry the tales of their Renown to their broth-
ers. (See the Bastet sourcebook for further details on
status, Traits and Gifts.)

Breeds

Qualmi choose mates about equally between
their human and feline Kin. The qualities they
look for most in their mates are cleverness, pa-
tience, perceptiveness, independence and a
generous spirit. Homid Qualmi are generally born
to Native American tribes such as the Inuit, Ojibwa,
Cree, Mohawk, Algonquin, Nez Perce, Salish and
Tlingit. Werelynxes of European descent are un-
known in the Savage West due in part to the
isolation of the tribe's dwelling places, but also

because the Qualmi are so protective of their lands.
Homid Bastet start with Gnosis 2

Although it is possible that some metis Qualmi
exist in the Savage West, it is unlikely. Female
werelynxes come into season only once per year,
and they spend most of their lives isolated from
others of their kind. Riddle Dancers become edgy
and irritable in each other's company. The quizzi-
cal, enigmatic face they show to others quickly
becomes tiresome when they are on the receiving
end. If there were any metis, their starting Gnosis

would be 4.

192 Wild West Companion


Despite the hunting of the werelynxes' feline kin for
fur or for sport, these hardy and adaptable wildcats never
come near extinction as do the feral kin of the Garou
and the Pumonca. Lynxes thrive where their favored
prey, the snowshoe hare, is abundant, so the Qualmi
always have a plentiful selection of mates. Feline Riddle
Dancers begin with Gnosis 6.

Forms

Bastet have five forms that differ slightly from the
ones of their Garou counterparts.

¢ Homid: Qualmi in homid form tend to be
slightly smaller than the average human, but they're
always rugged and athletic. Their eyes reflect light
just as cats' eyes do in darkness.

© Sokto (Near-Man): In Sokto form, the Qualmi's
features take on a decidedly feline cast, ears become
pointed and eyes become like a lynx's. The werelynx
gains retractable claws, vestigial whiskers and in-
creased muscle ma

© Crinos (Half-Cat): Crinos-form Qualmi are
neither as large nor as threatening as Garou in
Crinos form (they cause Delirium at one level lower
than usual on the Delirium Chart). Like a werewolf,
Qualmi in this form can use weapons, wear dedi-
cated clothing and even manage mangled human
speech. Although they lack the raw power possessed
by their Garou cousins in this form, Qualmi are agile
enough in Crinos to dance circles around most
opponents.

© Chatro (War-Cat): For a truly challenging
fight, Qualmi assume a form resembling their long-
extinct, saber-toothed cousins. Chatro form calls up
a primal fear in humans that harks back to a time
when they fought such beasts in order to survive
(Chatro form causes the full effects of the De-
lirium). With sloping
hindquarters and enormously long stabbing teeth

massive shoulders,

extending below his jaw (causing an extra die of bite

damage in this form), the Qualmi reaches the size of

a mountain cat in Chatro.

¢ Feline: Qualmi shrink down to assume the form
of their cat kin, but they remain larger than average
for their breed — around four feet long with a small
head, short tail, and hind legs that are distinctly
longer than the front pair.

aN

Sokto Crinos Chatro Feline
Str: +0 Str: +0
Dex: +2 Dex: +4
Sta: +0 Sta: +0
Man: +0 Man: -2
App: +1
Diff: 7

Str: +1
Dex: +3
Sta: +1
Man: -2
App: 0
Diff: 6

Str: +1
Dex: +4
Sta: +1
Man: -2
App: 0

Diff: 7 Diff: 6

Form Statistics

Gifts

Bastet characters begin with three Gifts as do
Garou, but instead of an Auspice Gift, they must
choose among common Bastet Gifts because they
receive no special blessing from Luna. It isa common
practice for a Bastet to "steal" Gifts from other
shapeshifters by spying on them until he learns the
new trick. Qualmi exceed most werecats at such
chicanery, as the tribe's members are masters of dis-
guise and spycraft, and they have Gifts of their own to

aid them in these endeavors. Thus, it's hardly surpris-
ing that Qualmi Gifts often resemble or copy the
Gifts of their Wendigo neighbors. Qualmi prefer to
learn Gifts relating to sight, the elements,
shapeshifting or spying. (The serious Bastet player
may want to consult Chapter Four of the Bastet
sourcebook, which has dozens of Gifts in addition to
the ones presented here. Otherwise, additional Qualmi
Gifts can be simulated with Lupus and Theurge Gifts,
plus the less combat-oriented Wendigo ones.)

© Catfeet (Level One) — As the Level Three Lupus
Gift, but easier for a Bastet, of course.

© Turned Fur (Level One) — In her native wil-
derness, a Qualmi can become nearly invisible by
blending into her surroundings. This Gift is taught
by a Deer-spirit.

System: For this Gift to work, the Qualmi must
first remove all of his clothing. Turned Fur works only
in the wilderness and increases the difficulties of all
rolls to spot the Riddle Dancer by three. This Gift
lasts for one scene.

© Call Spirits (Level Two) — Using a language
from the days when matter and spirit were one, a
werecat's words can penetrate the Gauntlet and

Chapter Five: The Wanderers of Other Trails 138


allow the user to communicate with any nearby
spirits. This Gift can be taught by any spirit.

System: The player rolls Gnosis against the local
Gauntlet. If the werecat is already in the Storm
Umbra, no roll is required. Once the user learns this
Gift, he can understand spirit-speech for the rest of
his life, though spirits spawned by the Storm Umbra
are probably incomprehensible even to individuals
who possess this Gift.

© Drop of the Sea (Level Three) — The Qualmi are
masters of disguise and subterfuge, and this clever trick
is one of their best weapons of obfuscation. Weeping
Skunk was the first to learn this Gift; Riddle Dancers
learn it from an avatar of one of the great tricksters, such
as Raven or Coyote.

System: With the expenditure of a Gnosis point
and a Manipulation + Subterfuge roll (difficulty
7), this Gift allows a Qualmi to assume any human
or animal shape, from hare-sized to bear-sized. If
she takes an animal form, the animal's innate
abilities (flight, speed, etc.) come with the form. If
she assumes a human guise, the player may add one
dot to the Qualmi's Physical or Social Traits per
success on the roll for the duration of the Gift.
Really extreme changes, such as changing from
Strange Owl Woman into Abe Lincoln or John
Henry, raise the difficulty by one. Any observer
may see the Riddle Dancer for what she really is on
a Perception + Enigmas roll (difficulty 9). To undo
the Qualmi's disguise, he may ask her a riddle (see
Gamecraft, Werewolf: The Wild West, p. 257). If
she cannot answer it, she immediately reverts to
her true form; otherwise, this Gift lasts for one
scene.

¢ Farsight (Level Three) — With the help of a
reflective surface or a summoned spirit, the Bastet can
scry distant places. It's easier if it's a place he's seen
before, but not required. This Gift is taught by an Owl-
spirit.

System: For a werecat to call upon this Gift, the
player must spend a Gnosis point and have time to
concentrate. The player then makes a Perception +
Occult roll (difficulty varies, see below). If success-
ful, the werecat gets a bird's-eye view of the place in
question — high enough to get a good view of the
surroundings, but close enough to see what's going
on. Farsight cannot be used to follow people, only to

Wild West Companion

view distant places, though anyone at a descried
location can be spied on as the cat wishes. The
Bastet can focus on particular things with a success-
ful Willpower roll (difficulty 6). Farsight lasts for
one turn per success and can be used to view any
place within 30 miles of the Bastet.

Location Difficulty

Intimately familiar (home territory, a mate's lodge) 6

Somewhat familiar (a friend's village) 7

Visited occasionally (the nearest Uktena caern) 8

Been there once (the nearest Wendigo caern) 9

Heard it described or saw it in a picture

(nearest white-man's town) 10

¢ Walking Between the Worlds (Level Four) —
This Gift allows a Bastet to enter the perilous
Storm Umbra. This trick was most likely stolen
from the Garou.

System: See Werewolf: The Wild West pp. 192,
198-199, Once learned, this Talent becomes natural
for the Bastet.

© Still Breeze Blowing (Level Four) — As the Level
Five Lupus Gift: Elemental Gift. Qualmi favor air or ice
elementals over any others when calling upon this Gift,
which is taught by an elemental.

© Call Down the Stars (Level Five) — Strange Owl
Woman undertook a perilous Umbral quest and de-
feated Sphinx in a battle of wits so she could win this
Gift to fight the Wyrmcomers. By confusing the spirits
inside fires with an utterly baffling riddle, the lynx can
cause explosions and mayhem. This Gift is taught by
Sphinx herself.

System: With a successful Manipulation + Enig-
mas roll (difficulty 7) and the expenditure of a
Willpower point to focus the spirit's attention on

the riddle, the combustive source — gas, coal,
wood, kerosene, whatever — explodes. The exact
effects are up to the Storyteller. A fire might flare
up and cause one or two Health Levels of damage
per success, whereas a steam-engine furnace might
cause up to four Health Levels of damage per suc-
cess (and possibly derail the train it powered).
Some combustion must already be involved. For
example, the lynx can't make a case of dynamite
blow up on its own.


ZL.

SSN

Rites

Like all shapeshifters, the Qualmi often make use of
rites. In fact, they use many rites remarkably similar to
ones of the Garou, except Riddle-Dancer rites are de-
signed to be performed by a lone werecat. Some rites
found in the Werewolf: The Wild West main rulebook
simply don't apply to the werelynxes for one reason or
another. Ones they tend to use the most are: Rite of
Cleansing, Rite of Binding, Rite of Talisman Dedica-
tion, Rite of Summoning, Rite of the Fetish, Facing the
Final Journey, Rite of Accomplishment and various
minor rites.

Quote

The blind man who tries to catch a shadow in the snow will
end up cold and wet

Stereotypes

© European Garou: He treads too loudly,

who wakens the serpent. His own noise
deafens him to the warning rattle. The ser-
pent is deadly, no matter how gentle his bite.

¢ Uktena: Eldest Brother may uncover the
secret of fire, but more likely, he will only
burn his paws.

© Wendigo: Rivers of blood will not wash
away the stain spreading across the land, nor
will dams of bodies keep back the iron tide.

¢ Rumonea: Frost-faced Cousin will find it
difficult to save the home he has not built
from the fires to;come.

®@ Nuwisha: Even the Laughing Moon does
not find the Skunk's tricks amusing.

© Gurahl: The sound sleeper may awake
too late.


ASSESS

ZLLL,

Cascara rier of both the spirit and the flesh that brings

perversion and blasphemy to everything in its path.
hey walleamong¢he Gare, vevonly bynight Some elders believe that Cdscara are the ultimate
a expression of evil, and perhaps they are right.
They know the weaknesses of the tribes and the Pression of evil, and perhaps they are righ
Abominations wander across the Savage West like

secret defenses of Gaia, the passwords and pro-

stormclouds. What they can easily destroy, they

tections that allow them entrance to the most F Wh ‘ ly d I
destroy hat they cannot easily destroy, the

sacred caerns. i sone ae Sa atin. eo ieatey

poison to ruin others' lives.

They are the unholiest monsters of the Wyrm—

CAscz e Garou who exist at the lowest

they are former Garou themselves. They were once er: s Tk is } '
~ epths of corruption heir souls have been
warriors of Gaia, loyal to tribe and pack and family,  S©PTS OF corruptic etaours Papel

butthe Worm now, owns theinhearts aid longage polluted beyond cleansing, thus removing them

from the wheel of rebirth. Denied the blessings

destroyed their souls. They are the CAs .G z i 1
Ne : of Gaia, Cascara must prey directly on any vi-
A Cascara, or Abomination, is a : :

tality around them, drinking blood and
walking contagion, a plague car-

devouring life.
They are the ultimate outcasts from the
Mother's grace. Some call them "werewolf
vampires," but that understates the issue
and understatements are always dan-

gerous when the Wyrm is concerned.

Compared to the C

cara, vam-
pires are creatures to be pitied.
Abominations are to be feared
and fought


From "Cascara

and the Seven

Pups of Auntie
Grissom"

(as told by Ears-Twitching-at-Sundown)

...and then, when the creature had lured
the children to the schoolhouse one by one,
dressed as it was in the skin of Miss McNeely
with her lace collar still on it, it butchered
them all under cover of darkness. That night,
the entire town was as quiet as death because
the ones who had children knew that Bobby
and Sue,and all the rest were never coming
back. And the ones who didn't have children
didn't want to get involved. People latched
theif shutters and the frontier seeped back into
the dusty midnight streets like it had never left
in the first. place.

Céscara was not the smartest of the
Wyrm's bastard children because its own
hunger and evil worked against it and drove
it crazy. It realized, too late, that it had
butchered all the boys and girls before getting
full use of them in its plans — it harbored a
lot of plans that it never got to finish, and
that just made it crazier. And all the meat

was getting cold.

So Cascara decided to have itself a puppet
show and pretend the kids were still warm
and full of screams. That was when the
Seven Pups arrived...

Tales Around the
Campfire

CAscara are so rare that most Garou do
not believe in them. Their rarity is a mercy
for every living thing, but the fact that
elders lean a bit too heavily on the Abomi-
nations as bogeymen when they tell
cautionary tales to cubs is sometimes a

hindrance — for many young Ahroun and
Philodox scoff at the idea of "werewolf

SSSSSAS SesS


vampires" as mere superstition, useful only for
scaring pups into behaving. Needless to say, such
rigid skepticism is foolish, but only a few unlucky

werewolves ever meet a Céscara and pay the
price for this sort of foolishness.

Other young Garou make a far more grievous
mistake; they convince themselves that Abomina-
tions are somehow "tragic figures," and they fixate on
the elders' constant recitals of the unbearable pain
and madness that fill every moment of a Cascara's
existence. "No creature is entirely beyond redemp-
tion," they think to themselves, "and what a good
thing it would be to reclaim one of these abandoned
souls for Gaia."

Playing an
Abomi het
mina

On the surface, it seems like a cool idea to
make your primary player character a Cascara.
They get vampire powers and a lot of the
werewolf powers. They are rare, so your char-
acter is always special and unusual. They are

intensely lonely and usually in a lot of pain, so
you will have many chances to make tragic

speeches and feel sorry for yourself.

If you want to go ahead and play an Abomi-
nation, nobody's stopping you. However, think
about what you're doing. You'replaying a real
monster, a creature who is truly and irreyoca-
bly cursed never to be happy. The Banes and
other vindictive spirits that follow every
Abomination aren't your friends; in fact, they
go out of their way to make sure that nothing
you attempt can ever bring you any satisfac-
tion. They hate you, and they amuse themselves
by making you suffer,

Since all Cascara are doomed to self-
destruct over time rather than get more
powerful with experience, you should remem-
ber that your cool character won't be around
very long. The thrills (such as they are) are
short-term, and then your character is dead.

After the Hell on Earth of being an Abomi-
nation, it'll probably be a relief.

ZLLLz

SSSSSS TST I

Most of these pups grow out of this delusion. Of the
few who do not, an unlucky minority end up meeting an
Abomination face to face. The unluckiest of all must go
on living after the creature pares off their faces to keep
in a bag around its neck.

The Making of an
Abomination

The Garou call the C
euphemisms to avoid spe
aloud and, hence, attracting their attention. Thus,
songs are filled with references to "the Undying

Children of Gaia," the "Damned Urrah," the "Pale
Ronin," and "Luna's Demon Children."

ra by any number of
aking their actual name

Cascara are indeed "werewolf vampires" — the
corrupt remains of a Garou that has undergone the
Embrace. Yet, Abominations do not find new fami-
lies among the Children of Caine either, for vampires
fear and loathe them as thoroughly as the Garou do.

Like all leeches, however, CAscara are animated

corpses that hunger unbearably after more blood.

Fortunately, Gaia's protection of Her chosen war-

riors i

strong, and very few Garou ever become
Cascara, even if they are unlucky enough to suffer a
vampire's Embrace. A few werewolves exposed to
the corruptive, Wyrm-tainted blood die instantly,
for Gaia takes them rather than allow Her Children
to endure such misery. Even when She cannot di-

rectly intercede in a Garou's behalf, the strength
She bestows to Her Children helps them resist the
Wyrm, and they fight the curse with their live

These poor Garou die slowly, lingering for hours in
dreadful agony as they regenerate and futilely at-
tempt to expel the contagion.

Only the most misguided or corrupt of werewolves
are estranged so deeply from Gaia's grace that the
curse can take root in their souls and turn them into
Cascara. The fact that there are so few Abominz
tions is a testament to the purity of the Garou —
throughout the Savage West, there are perhaps a

handful of these creatures, most of whom are drawn
from elsewhere to participate in the horrors being
wrought by the Storm Eater.

A few infamous figures in Garou mythology —
Eyes-of-Ice, Tia-Razor-Teats
ure known only as "Flaying Wolf'? — seek out

and the shadowy fig-

vampires to offer them undying service in exchange
for eternal unlife. Such a pact, however, is so ex

treme a betrayal of the Garou Ways that not even


"EFA

<I

)

VE

Black Spiral Dancers ever entertain such legends
seriously. Instead, nearly all known Abominations
are the result of Garou being taken prisoner by the
pale ones and forced to endure the painful and
degrading translation into undeath. Even still, most
die without being transformed. The road of the
CAscara is a dark one, leading to stunted places and
wasted lives.

System: A Garou who undergoes the vampiric
Embrace is likely to die. Seldom is this death an easy
one; the victim usually writhes in agony for hours on
end before finally earning release from her body.
Occasionally, Gaia takes mercy on a Garou who is
exceptionally pure of heart and allows her to die
quickly and without agony.

When a vampire Embraces a Garou, the player
must make a Gnosis roll (difficulty 9). If the roll
succeeds, the Garou dies a fast and painless death. If
it fails, the char
death. The Garou feels her limbs consumed by inter-
nal fires as the curse courses through her paralyzed
body to combat her own Gaia-granted regenerative

ter suffers a slow and torturous

powers. Her heart pounds with increasing fury be-

fore it, at last, explodes

Only a Garou who is especially accursed by Gaia
and actually botches her Gnosis roll becomes an
Abomination.

Gazing at Monsters

An Abomination is the loneliest creature ever to

walk the Earth. It remains trapped in an unyielding
state of deepest Harano. A CAscara is both mocked
and feared by its new-found fellows, the creatures of
the Wyrm, who recognize the marks of the Garou on
its spirit. However, Garou who understand the true
nature of an Abomination can only despise such a
fallen comrade, as such an unfortunate must have
been impure at heart to undergo this transformation.
Thus, Cascara dwell apart from everyone.

Most of these creatures end their own unlives as
soon as they find an opportunity, preferring the last,
killing kiss of Helios to eternity as a semblance of a
living thing. Others linger on for years or even de-

cades, but they eventually kill themselves out of
loneliness or insanity.

Once a Garou dies and becomes an Abomination,
she loses forever her familiar kinship with the spirit
world that all true werewolves take for granted. She
can now access the otherworld only through dreams
and the dark rites of the Wyrm. As long as she has


SSS

Gnosis, she can still step sideways, but that precious
spiritual reservoir diminishes irretrievably as the
Abomination descends into Wyrm-taint. Of course,
she can rely on vampiric Blood Points, but they can
ame turn as Gnosis and usually
power Disciplines that speed the onset of Wyrm-
cara

never be used in the

taint. Innocent spirits flee the presence of a
and do everything in their power to avoid communi-
cation with the monster. The effect is devastating —
it is as if the speaking world in which everything is
alive suddenly goes silent. Even the former Garou's
fetishes and dedicated items divorce themselves from
her and free their motivating spirits at the time of the
Embrace. Her klaive, for example, becomes simply an
unresponsive length of silver in her hands.

Only Banes enter into commerce with the Cascara,
and then only for their own twisted reasons. Many
Banes find enormous amusement in masquerading as
uncorrupted "Gaian" spirits for the "benefit" of lonely
Cascara, but all the Gifts they teach are ultimately
intended to cause destruction and misery.

Powerful and
Terrible

Abominations are very powerful. They gain access
to the dark abilities possessed by vampires — Disci-
plines — yet retain all knowledge of whatever Garou
Gifts they knew in life.

Abominations gain three dots in the Discipline of

their sire's clan, just as any vampire neonate does
after the Embrace. They may subsequently learn new
Disciplines through practice, training or experimen-
tation. However, most Cascara manage to kill their
vampiric sires soon after the Embrace and become
vampiric outcasts, or Caitiff. As a Caitiff, an Abomi-
nation nearly always finds it difficult to progress
quickly in the use of Disciplines because few, if any,
vampires are willing to teach her.

While
Gifts, they can learn a new Gift only from a spirit
willing to teach them — a difficult task. Most spirits
hate and fear the Cascara and do everything in their
power to avoid contact with Abominations.

Like other vampires, C
draw mystical sustenance from it. Each Abomina-
tion has a Blood Pool that can be used to increase

cara retain their Garou lore of spirit

scara drink blood and

their physical attributes, heal wounds or power

vampiric Disciplines. Animal blood rarely satisfies a
C4scara for long, and most eventually giv
their dark thirst and seek out the blood of humans,

in to

wolves or even Garou.

Cascara keep their Rage, although this is a mixed
blessing. They still frenzy as they did when they
were Garou, but their difficulty to enter frenzy is
two less, and all frenzies are berserk. Worse, their
innate fury festers into an even more terrible ver-
sion of the vampiric "Beast" as well. Every time an
Abomination commits an atrocity against Ga
Litany during such a frenzy, make a Gnosis roll at
difficulty 7; failure indicates that the character has
lost a point of Gnosis.

Ss

Doom

CAscara are subject to all the natural threats
faced by more common vampires, including sun-
light, fire and the mercy of Gaia in the form of
Garou hunting parties. Ever the capricious spirit,
Luna refuses to withdraw her influence from an
Abomination, and so the Céscara remain vulner-
able to the touch of silver also.

Like vampires, Abominations must drink blood
to survive and going too long without blood will
cause an Abomination to frenzy as her thirst drives
her deeper into madness.

As noted, most Abominations exist amid a mi-
asma of parasitic malign spirits. These entities,
drawn to the Abomination's own misery and the
misery it causes others, delight in "assisting" the
C4scara in destroying everything around them. It
is not without basis that the songs tell of the way

the Undying Ones bring doom and despair to
everything they touch — their Bane companions
see to that.

Although there are rumors of blasphemous
"Paths" by which an Abomination might sustain
her sanity and will to live, there is no solid proof of
their existence in the Savage West. Particularly
vile Cascara claim to follow the "Path of Ego," but
it is clearly nothing other than a disguised Litany
of the Wyrm that grants Gnosis in the manner of
the Black Spiral Dancers.

A few Garou seers have heard the "Path of the
Storm Eater" whispered in the dark places of the
world, but nothing more is known at this time.

140 Wild West Companion


(The Wretched
Ones, also called
"Los Penitentes"
and "The Bastards")

In a forgotten corner of the Savage West, the land is
too poor to interest the Wyrmcomers. The soil here is
cracked and the arroyos, more often than not, run dry.
Here, the vast inhospitality of the cliffs and
canyons keeps the invading wagon trains at
bay and makes a squalid but relatively
safe haven for the unwanted,

the weak and the deformed.

These are the badlands, the
protectorate of the Infeliz, a
wretched "tribe" of outcasts. No
true tribe claims them, and the
hand of every decent-think-
ing Garou who rides with
a straight back is raised
against them. Even
the Bone Gnawers can
despise them, and so
the Infeliz must endure
banishment from the green
bosom of Gaia.

The Secret History
of Wretchedness

The Infeliz owe not only their personal origins to
inbreeding, but their tribal ancestry as well. When
proud Shadow Lord conquistadors first rode up the
river valleys from Mexico, they left their chosen breed-
e in the cities. Yet, the Indian women in

ing stock s
one of the villages where the invaders "di
selves" were close Kinfolk of the Uktena, but the

ed them-

Wyrmcomer riders did not even recognize their own
cousins until it was too late.
Some of these unions of conquest produced offspring.
The Shadow Lords were free to destroy the resultant Kin
— as is their ancient custom — but they were
reluctant to murder the full Garou pups
who were born. Still, some of the con-
quistadors were so shamed by having
bred with "savages" that they smoth-
ered their own children
The priests of thunder raised the
half-breeds and taught them the Law
of the Mother, but always with an
eye toward reminding the bastards
of their misbegotten nature. As they
grew, the so-called "Infelizos" surprised
and alarmed the priests with their ap-

titude for uncovering
secrets and carrying on
other dark conversa-
tions with the spirit
world. Such was the
inheritance their
Uktena mothers and
wet nurses fed into the
* cubs'mouths with their first
milk.


After the revolt of Texas and the collapse of the
Spanish Empire north of the Rio Grande, the Shadow
Lord landowners slowly retreated to their cities and left
the ranchos and all of their serfs behind. Of course, they
could not bring the Infelizos with them, and so they
abandoned the half-breeds in the arid country, where
the rivers were drying up. They did leave their offspring
with something, though: Before their departure, the
priests managed to impress upon the bastard children
the wickedness of bastardy. Left without spiritual guid-
ance apart from one another, the children did their best
to repent.

Blasphemous
Ceremony of the
Infeelies (1881)

— From the Journals of Paul "Skunk" Settles

Tt was the Jenrettes, a Kin family that grows
beans outside Taos, who told me where the Infeelies
held their church services. It would have been easy
enough to find them — just follow your nose to the
place that stinks worse than 1 do— but I felt lowed
old Jenrette and his people a visit. They don't get
much fresh air down there.

SoI waited in the badlands until it got good and
dark and they came out with their candles and
incense. After you've been in the desert for awhile,
you get towhere you've heard a lot of stories about
the Infeelies, but I'd never seen one before then.
Kind of hope' I never do again.

(4-1

It looked about like any other rite until they got
out the nails. The cub put them in his mouth and
danced around, sniffing at all the guys: He found
one — a scrawny character — and they. said
something I couldn't hear. The scrawny guy was
crying and screaming about something.

The fat Crinos grabbed the scrawny guy and
dragged him up to the wrecked kiva I'd scouted
before. The others were busy screaming and sing-
ing and crossing themselves.

They laid the scrawny guy down and the cub pounded
the nails. When they lifted up the cross, he was bleeding
from the hands and from his nether region.

That's how the Infeelies celebrated Easter. Gaia
have mercy on us all.

Ttook outmy silver bullets and I shot them all until they died.

142 Wild West Companion

Children of the
Unclean Dust

Shunned as impure by both the remaining Shadow
Lord Kin and the retreating Uktena, the Infelizos
now keep one another's company only. They were
constantly neglected and otherwise mistreated by
their fathers, who made no effort to hide the shame
and loathing these half-breed children engendered.
Left to their own devices, it's only natural that the
children might turn to a baroquely mystical world of
visions and divine, apocalyptic punishments. Their

ritual calendar grows into a frenzied fusion of Iberian

Catholic dogma and the Garou Litany, in which the
Wyrm is God and Gaia is His Virgin Mother and
unwilling, incestuous Bride.

In the minds of the Infelizos, the Wyrm is the cruel
Creator of the world, the All-Father of wretchedness
who deliberately filled the world with suffering in
order to teach His children how to obey and how to
repent. The Wyrmcomer Tribes are the favored of the
Father, as their ongoing punishment of the "Pure
Lands" demonstrates.

Within a generation, the Bastard Garou and Kin
are breeding indiscriminately with homids, lupus,
renegade Kinfolk and one another. They manage to
produce a strain of metis that the Wretched Ones
sfaction, for

greet with great weeping and dark sati
they see in the deformed pups further proof of their
own damnation. However, a majority of Infelizos
choose to abstain from the pleasures of the flesh, as
they believe that it is better for Garou cubs never to
be born at all than to invite them to share in a world
of tears. Ones who lack the will to abstain from
mating often have themselves sterilized by other
members of the community — an event that spurs

atic fervor and dark rituals among the

great e
Infelizos and that gathers "family" from miles around.

It is particularly honorable for Infeliz males to
castrate themselves, for in this way, they proclaim
their allegiance to the Raped Virgin Gaia and cast
aside the legacy of the Father.


Character

Infelizos tend to have low Rage and Will-

power but extraordinarily high Gnosis as a
result of their abject existence. Most are born
either metis or homid. As a bloodline rather
than a true tribe, they have no tribal guardian
of their own and, hence, do not have access to
tribal Gifts, but they can freely learn Breed and
Auspice Gifts along with certain bizarre rites known
only to themselves. A majority of Infelizos have
one or more Battle Scars, the mementos of self-

inflicted punishments.

Destiny

By the time the frontier closes, nearly all of the
Infelizos are deformed, sterile metis, with only a
handful of the old and sick among their homid or
lupus population. Even the non-metis are largely inca-
pable of reproducing, as nearly all of the males have
made ecstatic sacrifices to the Virgin Gaia that leave
them incapable of sexual intercourse.

Because they render themselves unable to carry on the Infeliz
bloodline, the Wretched Ones are doomed to die out.

The last of the Infelizos dies screaming of self-inflicted
wounds in a New Mexico hospital in 1937. Although he
takes the majority of his people's dark secrets with him
to the grave, the fragmentary transcription of his final
sickbed ravings becomes one of the most unsettling
of the mystical texts of the Uktena. This so-called
Litany of the Penitentes, filled with strange visions
and horrifying prophec continues to
guide Theurges and other Garou strug-

gling to come to grips with the
approaching Apocalypse.


Fg Choose Your Friends -

Wisely == \ee2-

In the Savage West, everybody's gota orievante, ag SD
and-everybody's.totin' iron —or-silver —-. A ees
and we don't mean coins! Know Se Va) « 0
Who's watchin' your back "cause ¥ I j Se
we're talkin' life-and death here: =A { zg
day-to-day life on the frontier and | =
ways youcan-avoid day-to-day iy

death there: All sorts, from : ~
sodbusters to Sioux warriors, from Silent Striders to tron
niles, e can Use the wisdom. we'll he sharin', $0 oa heed.

‘Fhe Wild West :
.._ Companion includes:
© The lowdown on playing Bunyip, the long-lost Zs,
--Infeliz Garou-and even-Abominations

8 Riles for "working mass combat into your savage
_West chronicles :
e How Merits-and Flaws, Natures and Demeanors and ne
information on the Béte of the. West ; =e

Games for Mature Minds

ISBN 1-56504-344.
WW3704 $18.00 U.S.

56 |

Ay EREHOLE

WILD WEST
