# File: Wind From The East.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Sa S

A Sopnegiegk FOR > VANIDIRE ENE SARs K AGES




Word has come to me that you
have taken ouk seeVANts unde
You protection, Cease harbor-
ing them ok you will make of me
anenemy because of them. They,
who have no houses and devel in

tents, ovill find it easy to ipa
Butyouwho dwell inhouses within
towns —howcan you BS0Afeo M48?

—aty Bhan inalktterto Ring
Bela IV of Hungary 1240


Creprrs.
Auth
Developer: P

Janes Kiley
inne R
Additional Development
Bali and Risine
‘Ant Direetor: Richard Thomas
Layout & Tyresetting: Becky Jo
Interior Arts Mitch Bytd, Rich
Leta
Front Cover A
& Back

wd E. Dansky

J Kane Feng, Brian,

Richord Kine Feng
wer Design: Becky Jollensten

Fe} 755 aa Nm Bu
Fo ss

Clunston, CA 30021
USA

Game Stuio

2000 White Wolf Publishing, Ine. All rights reserved.
xluctine without the w
ssly forbidden

acter sh

ten perntisioaol tse publish
cept for the purposes of reveew
ts which may be reprodkiced for
only. White Wolf, Vanpite the Masjucade,
¢ Dark Ages: Mage the Axcension, World of
4 Aberrant are fegitered trademarks of White
Wolt Publishing, Inc. Allrightsreserved. Werewolf the Apoca.
{yyve, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Drsitain
Werewolf the Mage the Sorcerers
Crusade, Wirth the Cieat War, Trinity, Wand fiom the Eas,
Dark Ages Companion, Dragon of the East, Henigeyokat
apechanery of the East , Kindred of the Eat, Libellus
IIL Wolves at the Door, The Ashen Knight, The
Ws dhe L { Hells, Transylvania by Night,
Clironicles | Dark Thies Rising, Werewolf the
and World of Darkness Bloc! & Sill. sre trade:
White Wolf Publishyiyg, Ine. All rights reserved, All
iter names, places and rext herein ate copyrighted by
re Wolf Publis

The mention of or reference ta any

Sangin

ing, Ine

npn ev product
in these pugestunor achallenye to the trademark or conyrialt
coincerneal

‘This book uses the supemarural for settings, characters
>, All mystical and supernatural elements are fic:
Jed for entertainment purpenes only. Reader

1c Wolf cattatog call 1-800-454-WOLF
Check out White Wolf online at
herp /Jorww.sehite wok
tecjpames {qpatoryteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

WIND FROM THE EAST

1, alt.gammes whitewol! ated

Speciat THANKS

To Ken "Hate First" Cliffe for the lesson
fires of Snellville:

To John "t blame Tim" Chambers, Cart "Mainess"
Bowen, James "De the right thing" Stewart, anil Tira "Never
clo the tight thing" Avers tor the lunch that wasn't

Tu Astrid" American fools" Mosler for the lurch

To Jess "Mystic Quest" Heinig fo
almest gat ave

ught hy the

he Feterennce that

AarHor's THANKS

Special chunks to the Nightwarch crew, wt
they are, to the EOM, who know who chey a
ann Jiauny, wh kro why

Dedicated te

know who
and to Ellen

nul June Kiley, wh probably wont et i


W | NJ Re
® EAST

CONTENTS

AL DELIBERATE ENCOUNTER

INrRopuctTion: A SraruT HEMISPHERE

CHAPTER ONE: EMPIRE OF THE WORLD-CONQUEROR
CHAPTER Two: MONSTERS ON THE STEPPE
Cuapter Turer: GIFTs OF THE Sky AND EARTH
ApPENDIX: KHANS OF THE NIGHT

CONTENTS



2 stand on the shore of the great Volga To-
night is beautilid and cleac, and if } watch the

tiver's suctace careful) Fcansec bright stacsand
tix hall moon reflected back at re J oral at the
atic, bopitig the voater's clears scent voill ermpty
11199 1S. 3 Do Nok Need the ai, of couse but the
ocilices irtone's body becorne stagraritt ard clot-
tedover tireil thenare not occasionallyernpticd
3 arr disappointed to find that 3 inhale only a
uh of Bolger

The qrent citty— if sucha feermbelonigs toafouk
Uemtish on the plain like Bolger — stands to the
soutbvoest, a short distance dovonstecarn Its
walls ave stone andhigh it would take mealair
while to cir ther safely 3 com tell 3 voill not

reed to climb thern to get inside, however }
ctord.and gloriceat reuyhovce, a beoutiled eous

steppe pormy vwoho waters herself just dovorr
stream Without a word she teots to me)
mount up, and? divect the mae fovoncd the
citys closed gate.


J could not survive as a vampire on the steppe
if | craved constant companionship, but for just
this moment, L admit to myself thar I would prefer
it if a few allies were nearby, | sametimes travel
with asmall geoup of vampires; all of us are Mongols,
and we have remained on good terms for more than
a mortal's lifetime. This is because we see each
other so infrequently

My companions and I never tite of the stories
of vampires of the Far West: we have ser out to

jolgar ahead of the Great Khan's armies in the
hapes of encountering one before his city catches
fire, as tt surely will when the mortal army arrives,
I volunteered to enter the city. Unlike the Bulgars,
Lam no Muslim; | put my faith in Tengri above and
Iragen below. But my companions tell me that 1
look enough like a Bulgar that | might pass through
the city unnoticed. And notall Bulgars are devout.

The sun set only a few hours ago; mortals still
walk the streers here and there, though street-side

ants have already folded up their carts and

aded home. Some bear torches; | keep my dis-

ce. The few of my brethren who have entered

cities like Bolgar in the past assure me that they

ire fairly crawling with vampires if one knows
where to look. But I don't know where to look

My inability to see the horizon begins to scratch
at the back of my mind as an unpleasant need co

urinate did when I was alive. I dismount from the
horse into moist excrement. Not for the last time
do I thank Tengri and Itdigen thar | no longer

breathe reflexively, | do mot smell the fecid sur-
roundings unless I choose to, { am a creature of the
open plain; I navigate by the sky, the horizon and
miles-distane Landmarks. ft takes me just a short
time to get thoroughly lost heee.

J trudge down a perilously narrow street; the
mare obediently follows. A young man and his
choice tor the night eross the road ahead of me, no
doubt to avoid walking the same side as 1. He looks
at me and mutters something in his mishmash
language to his woman, who glances slyly coward
me and giggles at the man's joke. I stop, resignedly
Twas hungry anyway. | walk coward the couple; the
mun curns to face me, putting on a show for the
woman, To his credit, he is halfa head taller than
Tam, But he ts soft, Even pink

"Lam sorry," I say clearly in the Turkic ronigue
they use here, "but I did not understand what you
said." He mutters something in response. I don't
know what, or care. The fact that this man stands
his ground against me is impressive enough. | put
a hand on the arm of his clean garment, grabbing

his left biceps in my right hand. 1 have not bathed
since my death. We do not, when we can avoid it.
Heave a filthy smear neross the arm of the man's
tunic. "lam sorry," I repeat, "I do not understand."

He says something panicky; his woman whim
pers and looks around for someone co help them,
‘The scent of the blood in him scratches the itch
that the city's foulness put into me cael
sorry, I do not understand," I say for the last time,
no doubt seeming every bit the violent, pig-headed
barbarian. | complete the image for his girlfriend
by planting my foot in the man's midsection and
pulling his left arm until | hear the wet pop of 1
dislocating. He screams; she runs; 1 feed. I don't
stop until he dies; I pull my mouth from his dry left
wrist, wipe my mouth on his sleeve, and drop the
corpse. | look at the mare — quiet, obedient
throughout this — and smile at her. 1 walk down
the street, spying what looks to be a stable ahead
‘The mare follows.

I give the hoy at the stable some money to cake
the horse for the next few nights. J impres
him the importance of my horse's tending
ine that between wy deucac the overlarge
amount of money I gave him, the horse will get
good care. And, of course, [will be back before dawn

Ie turns out to be a very near thing, thar last. |
walk the streets of the city all night, hoping to
encounter one of the vampires that lam told infest
the place. Nothing. An hour before dawn { trek
back in the direction of the stable, and I nearly fail
to find ic. With the sky lightening to-pink and
purple | find che stable, leap feer-first into the mare's

stall, and enter the earth below.
- * .

I woke up and shake the dirt off. It occurs tome
that vampires in walled cities have an advantage of
sorts over those on the steppe; it makes the sun
longer to rise above the crest of the wall in the
morning, giving them a little extea time to find a
spot of open soil to sleep on. | imagine that they
need it with the lack of undeveloped dirt in the city

The mare is in good shane so fu; the stublebov
kept her watered, fed and even brushed during the
day. Good that he fed her; with the amount of
vampire blood mixed into hers, she's liable to try a
bit of stableboy next time she's hungry. | leave,
shaking my head to get a few tenacious dirt clods
out of my hair.

Tonight | lurk nearer to che city's gates; things
were rowdier here last night than they were elee
where, but I didn't stay. Ie occurs to me now that a
vampire would be likely to lurk ina place where


travelers congregate. | find an inn and slip inside
am not surprised to find foreigners and outland-
ers — Qipehags and Russians — enjoying alcohol
inside, though [ have no doube that such things are
illegal for the locals. | sit in the corner, nor far
from a table full of Qipchags. In this way the room
writes me off as just another barbarians; I give the
man some coin for a drink, which I do not touch,
T watch and I wait.

Around midnight a grossly fat, somewhat pale
man enters the inn; he looks around with
predator's guze, and I'm sure I have my target, As
he gets clover my hackles rise as a wolf's would;
Tengri above only knows how much wolf's blood
I've consumed in past years for that trait to appear.
This bulbous creature is undoubtedly a western
vampire. Hideous. | wonder if they are
obese. I watch him pick a target, a drunken farmer,
no doubt in the city to sell the fat of the land.

The fat one waits for the farmer to leave, then

es after him; he does not realize chat I ata right
behind. If this vampire is hungry; then he will be
desperate, and {can extract the information I need
thar much more quickly. | overtake him and stap
in front of an alleyway. 1 smile.

"Into the alley," L say, clearly. His eyes widen
buthe submies, stepping off the street and intoshadow.

"You must be new to Bolgar," he says, hie voice
rich and deep. "I do not recognize you. Who cre-
ated you!"

Father Tengri, as he does ail
sayy Uying tw sound nonchalant,

Itugen holds me in hee arms every morning."

"In the arms... ah, you must be Gangeel," he
says, Ido not recognize the word

"You may think that as you wish. How many
creatures like you are in this city now?" I keep my
tone blunt; [ have no interest in parrying with this

He smiles, though he keeps his fangs hidde:
"Ab, that would bea matter for Prince Hasan. am

but a minot functionary, his favored poet. Surely
you have heard of Prince Hasan?"

"I do not cate abour the mortal ruler of this
place. How many blood-drinkers! Where do chey meet?"

He pauses a moment, rather deliherately tak
ing a deep breath. "Of course," he says, "the mortal
ruler of Bolgar is of no concern to you. You mu
ride with the nomads that we hear are comine this
way from the far east. Have you any influence ovee
them? I myself would pay richly to keep them from
sacking Bolgar as they did Samarkand."

Tee my anger seethe our slowly, in the form af
talons from my fingertips. I make sure my counter-
part cansee them. "You donotanswer my questions,
and you twist them to get your own information

y my patience."

"Surely, in the end, we are creatures cut from
the same cloth," the corpulent monster across from
me suggests. Clearly he is not going to answer my
questions without my revealing too many secrets of
the Anda, and he is more talented at extracting
information in casual conversation than Tam my-
self. I do not have time for this.

Uraise my knee up into his cr Tough
surely any flesh there has long since atrophied, he
does reflexively curl around the blow, With fingers
extended, I drive my left hand into the min's
fleshy stomach while geabbing his right car with
ny right hand. "Now," I whisper, "you will answer
my questions."

I steal my way out of the city in the hours
before dawn, the fire alteady starting ro spread
from the stable where I left the fat one, There is

much to think abour because of his panicked an-
swers. Sons of a murderous farmer! I can anly hope
that my companions can make more o! s knowl.
edge than | can. The steppe calls aut to me as
past a short train of people fleeing the fire.

I sprint through an open gate and am free.



Semisphere

Solitudinern faciurt, et pacer appellerit.

Chey make « desolation, anit call if perce)
Tacitus, Agricola

YOave after wave of barbarians have struck
istto Cucope's heart from the steppe of western
Asia Osteogoths sacked the Rornars Cripice:
the Dure ccusted the Osteogoths the Goaes
conquered the Durs.and soon ut for centuries,
Cucope has knovon salety from the hordes of the
east warlords in the Carpathians no longer
twoatch the easternhorizon witha pearer on their
lips,

The silent warlords will soon begin to pee,
once moce The morning davons' the childer oI
Caine vetcent to theic daytime (airs, and a beeexe
picks up, gently gusting infeor the steppe Jn the
distance, far across a barren plain, tribes of no-
minds coalesceintoa great kingdorrof barbacians
The wind picks up and the wacords cetccat
behind store walle The Wlorigals rice


HORDES OF
THE KHAN

Wind from the East explores the brief, explosive
Mongol Empire and its impact across Europe
Ins doing, it uncovers previously hidden
elemenre in the World of Darkness and calle pros
ously assumed facts into question. The suggested
timeframe for a chronicle that uses this book is any-
ume from around 1167 (the birth of Temujin,
"Genghis K ) to 1368 (the fall of the Mongols'
in Dynasty in China). Certainly the hovk has use
in other time periods; the cultural notes regarding
steppe nomads hold true much further back in history
than 1167, and. nants of the Mongol Empire cling
to life well into the [5th century. Nevertheless, the
focus is on the medieval height of the Mongol era,
when the nomads of the steppe shook the world,

Ac its height, the Mongol Empice is the largest
single nation that history will ever see: within its
borders are humans f asian cultura
Preying upon those humans, of course, are vampires,
the cultural parastees of the World of Darkness, and
nearly every Cainite elan has representatives within
the Empire. Further east, in the lands of the Wan Kuei
(whom Cainjces call Cathayans if they even know of
their exiitence), the Mongol Empire initially only
takes up land within the domain of the Black Tortaise
and White Tiger Courts. By the Empire's end, all of
the Five August Courts that rule Asian vampires have
territory under Mongol domination.

And that is notall. Chan Gangrel, chat collection
of nomadic and wandering childer of Caine, has lang
hidden its face from the Far East — the creatures that

there woo dangerous even for that hardened
collection of renegades — but during the Mongol era,
Clan Gangrel discovers a long-lost affshoor bloodline
called the Anda, The cemporal power of the Anda
rises with the Mongol Empire's pewer, and, pethaps
nally, the hloodline's fate is tightly tied to the Great
Khans. With the fall of the Mongol Yuan Dynasty in

China, the Wan Kuel of the Middle Kingdom rise up.
shestiuy the Anda iat hie Pax Bact

How To Usk Tuis Book

Wind from the East is asupplement for Vampire:
The Dark Ages. Some of its contents also rely rather
heavily on Kindred of the East and (ts historical
supplement, World of Darkness: Blood & Silk

Neither of the latter two supp!

WIND FROM THE EAST

necessary wo use Wind from the Bast in a purely
European chronicle, but they will add anotherdimen
sion twit
ytellers.can use Wind from the East as a tool
in several different chronicles. Those looking for a
clue tothe state of the lands of the far north in aBlood
& Silk chronicle will find it here, as will those,
orrespondingly, whose Vampire: The Dark Ages
troupes choose to head east onto the steppe, from
Russia or the Islamic kingdoms of southwest Asia
Storytellers may wish to tun chronicles focused on
Mongol chan ires or Wan Kui; rhe
information herein supports either af those options.
Many other alternatives exist: Wind from the East
takes up nearly all of Asia and most of Europe, and
from 1197 ces LBK,

ters, cither C2

contains details

THEME

The primary theme of Wind from the East ist
bright candle: that which burns twice as hat burns
half as long. The Mongol Empite conquers more land
than any other nation in the history of the world, buc
iconly lasts 150 yearn, The Anda, Mongol Cainites,
rise to stratospheric levels of power and influence
within this empire, but are exterminated to the last
with the fall of the Yuan Dynasty. Storytellers ean
subtly reinforce this theme in their games by present-
ing fantastically talented young characters who meet
an unexpectedly early demise or the metaphors such
‘as surprisingly hor, brief fires or intense but short
thunderite

Moon

Stories thar use elements of Wind from the East
should be energetic: Even the most sedentary: and
hedonistic Mongol emperarsin distant Shangdunever
simply lay sour watring for che world re
The Mongols are a people of actian,
stories should be up-tempo. This docsn't necessarily
mean they should be optimistic, however. Indeed, the
Mongol Empire kills millions ofits subjects and burns
great cities as ir expands; a chronicle ser in western:
Asia in the Mongol age — laughingly called the Pax
Momgolica by some — will see wave after wave of
destruction, But unlike the aging and stagnant etvilt
zattons af Europe, the Mongol culture is vibrant and
active even as it sacks.and pillages.
Cuaprer ny CHAprer

‘Chapter One: Empire of the Work!-Conqueror ny:
vider an account of the tise and ultimate fall af th

Mongols, from their humble days around [197 co the
height of the Yuan Dynasty forged by Kublai Khon.


The nomads of the steppe ride through Asta, the
Middle-East and Eastern Europe and almost conquet
the world. The focushete ison the historical tapestry,
hut 1 on the activities of vampires and other
you into the World of Darkness,

fonsters on the Steppeexumines

talk the Mongol hordes. These

nite bloodlines of the Anda and

and Haws, Discipline powers and magical rites), susde
lines for creating Mongol characters and tips on
tunning Mongol chronicles.

Appendix: Khans of the Night features av array
of characters, either Mongols themsel touched:
by the nomads' rise. These include ready-ta-play tert
plates und more prominent characters for use in your
chronicles.

as the Wan Kuei of the Black —
LEXICON
The following is a short

characters are likely to see and use: it also serves as
glossary for Wind from the East. Generally, a lone"

+ Gifts of the Sky and Earth
ne speak" of Wind from the East,
raits for Mongol characters (Merits

contains all the
Thisincludesnew

2 ee oe

The Dark beconfused perme inn the
found in Kindred of the East N Darkness: Blood & Silk, this quick overview should help readers
without those resources at hand: .

ithe Ten' Thowsand Demons, They do noc Embrace mortal woimake

‘to Hell for choit actions m life who claw their way back to the

They do ncit descend fram Caine, nor do they know generations of |

; souls, even more than Cainites; while the childer of he First
Ket has a voice anda mind of itsciwn and attitmes takes over the

Each Wan Kuei follown a Similar In rhany ways co Cainites' Vide, although Lihartnic mastery takes!
thousandsof years. Only theeldeseand wisest Wan Kui, called houhisattvas, have achieved true enlightenment
‘within their Dharma, There are five Dharmas: The How! of the Devil-Tiger embraces the wickedness of the
demon souk; The Song of the Shadow seeks out the myster

‘ aol och acne The thf Thon
Whispers i tHhroigh unending change; The Way ofthe Resplendent Crane master their)
youngest
only

‘Dance of the Thrashing Dragon hale fastto the Yang energies of fre ati ie.
_Thenewes, fan. Kaci (those without any Dharma or much control over thei actions) te called
bic perthen ae ee ‘Those thie make it out of the chih-riet tugs (riuany,
donot) are known as disciples and, forthe fits fifty orsixty years of theirunlives, get the mg"Running Monkeys"
as they try to complete all the of their mortal fives.

Lie Caines, Wan Kuet hye Dscpines, bur the ewo breeds cant arn ove ancxbes
SP oa er, Hr cen he arse
r n of spirit without using axpecific ritual.

that rulethe' liresof a giverttegion of the Middle Ki
/SHATES AMONE S| Fereatures of the East), dominate the «ici

(a term referring co China and it
Of the Ten Thosaand Demone. The Black Tarpalen Caner nulos the naeh fincluting she Mongolian steppes a
tadetalletin Chapter Two, The White Tiger Court nulesthe west, particularly now«h nfthe Himalayas, The Sea
Phoenix Courr rules the jurigles of Southeast Asia. The Azure Dragon Court rules Nihon, Koryo and some of the §
easter Chinese coast. The Yellow Emperor Cott, supreme amoral, rules the core of China. The courts (and
the many local subcourts) do not always get along and have been known to wat.

The Wan Kuci, like Coinites, are monstrous and terrible nightpredatory, but they face graver threatssti!]. The:

try to corrupt those who have escaped them, and same give in. These

loedé of the Asian hells, the Yama wh
F lists are known is aktanarand hide among the courts, serving their

creatures 1
retlish masters.

of terms Mongol


is pronounced much like the English hatd-K sound;
in this context, "g" generally refets to a full glottal
stop, almost a swallowing sound; in a pinch it could
use the sme hard-K sound. Vowels tend to be some-
what fatter than English vowels

anda: Literally "blood!-hroeher" a very strong bond of
(supposedly) lifelong friendship snd companionship
hetween two Mongol men. For clarity's sake the text
uses "anda brother" and "anda bond" when referring
to the relative and the relationship.

Anda: An offshoor of Clan Gangrel thie makes
its home among the Mongols and other steppe ne-
muds.

arban: The smallest Mongol fightiny force, com
sisting of ten men,

ayil: Physical camp,

haghatur: Valiant

jor a farnily group.

Golden Horde, the: The aemy Batu Khan leads
into Europe in 1240. Note thie this term is used in
Wind from the East despite its ahistoricity — the

't get thacnume foranother decade or two.
ely (or descriptive purposes. Charac:
ng should not use chis term.

cdl cheese curd, made into a drink

tets in the set
= Harde
with hot water.
Tragea: Mongol goddess of the Earth,
jagun: Ten arbans; an army unit of 100 men,
kam: shaman
king, emperor

kuriltai: A great gathering of Mongol lords, a war

council or electoral gathering. The Anda vampires

hold kurta' to gather the unliving hidden mang a
Mongols and reach a decision.

kuriyen: Circle of ger as an encampment

maikhan: Pastoral wool tent.
Middle Ki
anid its

ong inertals, China
's, Among the supernatural
the physical and spiricual realm
ad China that harbors the Wan Kuei,
than: Ten jaruns: an arn

Mongol: Specifically, one of the
large tribes who live on the steppe north of Chi
More generally, any member uf one of the tribes
subsumed by the Mongols after their war of conquest
inthe early 13th cencury

f€ 1000 man

WIND FROM THE EAST

nbker: Associate or comitde; among Ani van
pires, this is the rerm commonly used for a neonate oF
aneilla loyal to an cider vampire:

noyan: Chief

aitug: Grazing lands

‘obog: Clan, smaller than sls (Ternujin's is the
Bonjigin)

‘ordu: Camp area or territory; it is from this word
that we get the English horde

qasag-tergen: Wheeled cart which often held the
geras the ulus moved from place to place

qumis: Fermented mare's milk, the Mongol "n:
tional drink

sechen: Wise,

Tatar: A major trike of the steppe; the Mongols!
sworn enemies, Genghis Khan exterminates them co

‘Tartar: A European epithet for the Mongols; «
nickname given to the Anda bloodline by European
vampires.

Tengris Mongol god of the sky; mote properly
Mongke Koke Tengri (Eternal Blue Heaven),

tumen, Tex ighans; an. y unit of 10,000
men

ulus: Tribe or small nation — typically. camp, a
subdivision of the greater Mongol tribe. Note that the
xreacer Mongol ertbe is separate from the other major
tribes such as the Tatars.

Wan Kavi: The Ten Thousand Demons, The
vampires of Asia, unrelated to Cainites; somer
called "Cathayans.

wur Corpse family; the smallest group of Wan
Kuei, typically five of the Hungry Dead

Wu Zao; Cainites of the line of Saulot (call
Zao-lat) in che Far East

Xiong Ren: Literally, "ferocious people" the
shapechangers of the Middle Kingdom.

yasun: Subelan, smaller than oboq (Temujin's is
the Kiyat),

yuan: Origin, original, of primal; the Moi
dynasty in China is called the Yuan Dynasty because
nic cupposedly the beginning of a new com.

zhongren: Go-heoween. In the Court of the Black
Tortoise, a zhongren is traditionally used to ask a favor
of a fellow vampire. These go-betweens have jgrea
social power in the court.


BIBILOGRAPHY

Too many sources to count Were consulted in
producing this book; Storytellers will find something
of value to apply to their chronicles in any work

named bele

Macazines
fc. "Genghis Khan," National Geo-
1996,
Js, Mike, "The Great Khans," National Geo
graphic, February 199
Hildinger, Eric, "Mongol Invasion of Europe,"
y History, June 1997

Books
jernet, Jacques. Daily Life in China om the Eve of
the Mongol Invasio

rousset The Empive of the Steppes: A

‘ahn, Paul (trst.),

Mongols: The Origin of Chi

Aleksandr Neusky (1938) While the film does not
the Mongol invasion of Russia directly, it docs
good idea of what 13th century Rui like
andr Nevsky, of Novgorod), was in hi

tary «favored subject of Batu Khan's Golden Horde

Mulan (1998) The World of Darkness fan in you
may balk at this Disney animated film, but many
elements are useful and evoeative. For prop

as they pertain to Wind from the East, the viewer

must root for the Huns (and forget about singing

dragon spirits).

‘ortD Wine W)

Special mention must be made of Paul Halsall's
spectacular Internet Medieval Sourcebook, which should
be availab fordham.edu/phalsall
sbook.html. Every Vampire: The Dark Ages Story
teller should avall himself of the rich set of link:
documents c

at heepsf/w



Jn dawlight, watch with the vigilance
of arnold voll at night with the eyes of
the caver Jr battle, fall upor the entenny
fike a fateons

- Genghis Bhar, date unknovors


NoMADS OF
THE EAST

The Mangol tribe sprung up along the Ono
River, innortheastern Asia on the high, flat Moi
Jian Plateau. This semi-arid pastureland is good tor
herding and hunting bur no particularly well-suited
for farming, and che Mongols shate it with at least
half dozen major tribes, and countless small tribes
anil catips. While their tribe will come to be the
sgrcatest of all, itis hardly the first the ride this region,
Indeed, the nomadic people of the Asian plain have
led straightforward, If bloody, lives since the days
when Scythian hormemen harassed Alexander the
Great's armies, They have long spread far and wide
actoss the continent; the Mongol tribe and its peers
in central Asin roam spaces thousands of miles re-
inoved from aineient Seychia (in modern Turkestan).
Certain customs remain unchanging, but the nomad
adupts to his time and place.

The traditional of the unter-horseman
riding actos the wild plain, hunting food from day to
day, is itself inaccurate. The nomad tribes do ride the
steppe, hut mostly as pastoral herders; they keep herds
of sheep and horses and travel endlessly to the next
good pasture, And they tend to move along well-
known paths; random wandering isa sure way for herd
animaly (0 start dying, and even if it-were not, the
human tendeney cw lay claitn to tertitory ke very real
among the Mongols and their assocurted tribes, That
rich nearhy pasture surely belongs to another nboq,
andl to move inte its land is to invite a war

t that life static. The relative level of dam
rnanceof minor tribes changes from yearto year, as old
chiefrins dic, young ones take over, major tribes

rer, and s0 on, And no ane would dare describe

owing @ vast field or repairin
house; that is monotonous and dreary..A barbarian of
the steppe rises with the sun and spends the day in the

saddle, roaming where herd and hunt take the camp.
Dinner depends not on the ferrility of a lord's soil; but
rather on the stamina af his horee and his own skill
with the bow. On a bad day, he might share «small
ill with his tribesme great day, he will kill
more than heand his obog can fit in theit bellies, This
is the proper way of things: The nomads of the east
pay fealty and loyalty to achief, but pwe the fruits of
their lahor to. no man.

PRIBES AND CLANS

There are around « dozen ulus ac any time; these
are the great tribes, the nomad nations, The greatest
of these in 1197 1s the Tatar. By contrast, the Mongol
ulus is relatively small and bas little temporal power
A khagan, whose power roughly corresponds «0 0
King's, rules the tribe. Each ules is broken up into
several obog, clans or camps, Most often, one oboq Is
the ruling clan of its ulus, while the others are subor-
dinate to it. A khan rules an obog; the khan of the
greatest oboq is khagan to bis clan's ulus. The role of
khan 1s not entirely hereditary. While it is true that
great men often have great sons, Mongols support the
strongest and best suited to lead. Regardless of his
lineage, » weak or timid man cannot be kha

In simpiest terms, clans are organized along kin-
ship lines. Bur chut simple starement does not do
justice to the complexity of steppe life, Most numads
take their wives from other clans ar other tribes
sometimes by arranged marriage and other times hy
force. Particularly wealthy steppe riders might have
two or more wives, but a man's first wife wields the
mast power, for it is her children whostand to inherit
his possessicns and, spirits willing, his title.

An individual man js not forced to remain part of
a single obaq or even ulus throughout his life. Should
a particularly strong or honorable leader rise up, 0
nomad may go to that man and dectare his fealry; if
the leader will have him, the new follower becomes
the leader's no term meaning "associate" or

omrade." Charismatic leaders often attract many

noker, and the relationship, while not as strong as the
anda bond of blood-brotherhvod, is beneficial ro bork
parties. The ndker attach themselves to a rising star,
and the leader gains « cirvele af tra orthy and strong
followers. The naker relationship goes both ways: che
leader must be worthy of the trust placed in him or he
ts sure to lose it, During time of war, the bond is
somewhat more autocratic; in acrisis, che khan's word.
is law, and even a trusted niker can face death for
insubordination.

LEGENDARY RooTs

There is no written alphabet among the steppe
nomads nor their near cousins in the taiga to the
north, Itisonly larer, with the conquest of the Turkic
nations to the west and China to the south, that che
Mongols acquire any alphabet. Thus, the oral tradi
tion carries Mongol history from storyteller tolisteners.

These legends tell of the most ancient ancestors
ofthe Mongol tribe: a blue-gray wolf and hie wife, «
fallow deer. They had their first child, the human
Batachikhan, near the mouth of the Onon River, in


sight of Mount Burkhan Khaldun, In the ninth gen-
eration descended from Batachikhan were two
brothers, Dua che Blind and Dobun the Clever.

Dobun's wife, Alan the Fair, was one of the most
beautiful women in the Mongol tribe's history. Dobun.
and Alan had two sons, and after Dobun's death Alan.
had three more sons. Alan's eldest two sons helieved
thar their younger hrathers must he the sons af Alan's
servant man, bur she rold all of them chat Tengei, the
God of Heaven, had come down and granted her
those three strong sons himself from shafts of sun-
light. T rest of Alan's five sans wasthe youngest,
Badonchar the Fool, but each of those men founded
one of the obog, the clans within the Mongol tribe.
Bodonchar founded the Borijigin, greatest of the
Mongol obog, from which Yesugei the Brave and his
son Temujin descend,

VAMPIRIC CLAIMS

‘The vampireswho buntamong the Mongols
andothersteppe nomads draw parallels between
Ae spa Ses ic ete be

iH astut ‘note the simi) a
Sir aes ele
ancient ‘un +, Dobrul the Brave, They claim
the dark companions of the
Mongols from the first days of the trihe. Other
wampires note thar all che stories describe Duna
the Blind as having» third eye in the middle of
his forehead —one go sensitive that Duua could
seca place three days' hard rideaway. Tothe Wu
220, the Asian childer ofthe Saulot, the third
‘eye ts acclear sign of their progenitor's passage.
‘Some claim that Duua mayeven have heen Za0-
261, one of Saulor's Astin childer ond a founder
tof their line. But the third eye is ako present
among the Wan Kuel and the ancestors of the
BIRCy Carolee Coat clatgit cy had cole!
thing to do with the Mongols:

‘The truth is unclear, huethe claims of direct
shephending come about only afrer the Mongols
fise te) power ueross the region and the world,
They reflect a desite t0 control the mortils by
<6 opting theie history, The leperide of Djheu!
and Duva clearly reflect long conzacr between
the Mongols aind the supernatural world, but |
not long service,

Days AND Nicuts
ON THE STEPPE

At its core, the life of the pastoral nomud is a
straightforward one. Care for your herd or hunt for

your food. Don't pur down roots. Defend your family
first, tribe second. Marry outside the clan. Learn to
good story, Drink and celebrate in the good

the farmers' lands in the bad

things; they trade with cities, bringing in herds, wool
or products from the hunt. They need the cities'

ion, aewell: metal implements, pottery and
other fine crafts are difficult co come by in the wild,
and they value luxury items such as fine-woven cloth,
gold and jewels.

Foob AND DRINK
The Mongols' diet is not a remarkably

theirs is not ¢

few spices or v m in his meals

ashe wishes. The Mc ives from his herd,
ly supplementing that food with fresh fish
ithered produce and pices when traversing

a particularly rich pastureland. When spice:

Pepper are ava n from conquered peoph

who ean

aren't often present
Mongol life is strenuous: meals must pravide a
great deal of energy for hunters: Mutton forms the
core of steppe peoples' diet. Those who herd sheep cat
their meat regularly — flesh as well as far, heart and
liver. Mongols drink the milk of sheep. goats, horses
and cows, and also make it into cheese ani yo
‘Thenomadseat beef when it isavaslable and horsemeat
only when necessary — those who ride the C
Talkimakan Desert similarly butcher theie c
meat when needed, The tribesmen scorn donkeys and
pigs.as filthy and stupid creatures and have no tuck
with them.
The step}
and hunters encounter quit
mice and marmots to deer und ancelope. Monge
consider numerous creatures food that most E
ans would not eat: foxes, dogs and wolves among
them. Tengei, the sky, also provides ample sust
like pheasants, ducks und geese, The rivers that flow
across the steppe are also home co
Inctnans youre hreoe
might be resi
forest floor, ¢
sedentary peo
The Mongols' tribal drink is knows ax gums
which consists of fermented mare's milk and is rather
bitter, Qumis isa badge of station: Drinking wine wad
qumis heavily is che sign of an important chi
evenwwally proves to be the death of m
Khans. The first part of any drink — especially guimis
is offered to the gods; either it is poured on the

I variety of fish,

Up roots fr
two or raiding more

EMPIRE OF THE WORLD-CONQUEROR


open ground as an offering to Iriigen ot flicked ayninst
idols of the gods within # ger

Milk provi
curd of milk (eit
hardened over the

nother staple unique to the no:

dle fromthe sourest
ier of cow or mare), dried and
hs. When milk 1s
4 to hot water, and
almost never sully
1s the primary drink

he winter, grut is aid
stirted until che hard curd diss
non-alcoholic beverage. Mongo
pure water by drinking it

The Orb AND Ger
ord, although

vetimes called an
thae camp's

gol c
he term
emonially burning at its out
h bing er to Its spirits,
ify those who
them. No say the shamans, can pass
between those fires. Lacking a plentiful wood supply
(ind having becter things to do with wood when it's
available), the tribes tend to use dried ox dung two fuel
eral dozen ger and the extended fi
live within them.

and the fires
between
evil spirits

WIND FROM THE EAST

which westernersoften incorrectly call
1 "yurt") is a roughly circular steppe tent, fe ha
upright walls and a

crve as a chimney. A
an extensive wood

diameter, then affix fe
An extend

wf, and a hole m the top te

e thirty feer In
and hides to the frame
d family might live

Some ger cin be
larger ones often are

sembled; for migration,

itions surround the ger, che center
ce of « Mongol family. The opening of a
» fuces southy the fire is always in the cer
st side is reserved for the ger's men while
belong oo the wane, Tie 1.
the most sacred; the f
shine is typically against the north or not
side of the ger. It is the height of rudene
with one's feet directed towa
ally, it is disrespectful «
near it — beheading it
ot knife
with

in with the shoulder — is extremely diste


/ AMPIRES IN A GER
Vampires who are particulatly sensitive to
religious faith and artifacts (be they Anda, Wu
Zao, Wan Kuei or European Cainites) occa-
sionally find that crossing the threshold of a
stranger' ger is difficult; upon entering such a
er they feel extreme discomfort, This is nor at
all common — for the most part, a ger has too
inuch daily traffic for its sacred status tofar the
Passage of a Cainite. Bur the ger of the espe-
cinlly devoutly such as a shaman or old,
tradidonalise family, might just do chat.
Storytelleryshould consider n ger to func-
tion' much as other holy:ground does with
8; most Fer will: have no
Takin, Buca few will have
a rating of 1, and the most exceptional might
have inberent'Truc Faith ratingsof 2 or higher
A wealthy or prestigious vampire sie
bulld und transport het own ger to support her
tmivels, This has its advantages: a ger ean be
rendered light-proof if the builder is aware of
is owner' special needs: However, the mre
superstitious members of w family group will,
come to distrust the vampire who spends all of
every day insuchaconteaption, only leaving at
snight. It may be wiser for an Ande to steep in,
the earth during the day indieatch up with his
"family group" (herd) after sundown,

owing to the ger's status as a sacred space; transgees-
sors against this taboo have faced execution,

The ger is generally open to all travelers; nearly
every Mongol has on occasion had to take shelter
with strangers, and such visitors are welcome within
ager. Host and visitor hange gifts in such a situa:

id it is terribly rude not ro partake of a host's
generosity; if food or drink is offered, at least a token

MEN AND WoMEN

The Mongols and their cousin tribes have clearly
divisled gender roles. Certainly exceptional individu
als of both sexes exist, but for the most part, women

dowork for which they traditionally receive training,
and men do the same, The sexes do share certain
tasks, however: All Mongols ride, tend to the sheep
and goats, milk the livestock, know how to shoot and
now how to fight. As among most nations in the
Dark Medieval world, men have more power than
women; men, for instance, can have many wives
ly), while evena widow

possibly one of her dead

husband's sons by another woman, The youngest som
inherits the father's ardu and, often, his other wives
while the eldest son is granted the ordu furthest from
the family's eradittonal pasturel

Men's work has the vi
scribe, Men hunt, which requires great discipline
skill from parcicipants of all ages (see the description
on page 80). That disc| kill leeud chemselve
well to the other primary o¢cupation of the Mongol
male: war. The army of the Great Khan andl Mongol
fighting techniques are described starting on piage 40.
Suffice it to say here that the Mongol armies ate
aumong the finest the world has ever seen. Men also
make the weapons that ean be mutde ina camp, suck
as bows and arrows, aswell as stirrups, cart
and they churn the yogurt and qui
taid for weapons requiringablacksinith,

ue of being easy tw dle

The Anda bloudline fsa brotherhood of
‘sorts; since kutiltal of male Anda gather wo
select a candidate for the Embrace, it is very
rare for 9 woman to be chosen, It docs happen,
but it is very unusual. More common is the
male Anda whg Embraces a woman away ftom,
a karittal and then conveys to her the danger of
‘what he has done. and the laws he has broken:
Thankfully, most Kurita will accept female
Anda whoare "adults" by their standards (ive
wa sae sth che oil during the day)

a peremptory teer afekill. So, onec
"aa Anda Embraces a woman, there ix only. a
‘relatively shout period of time when they are
both in danger as lawhreakers.

-Rumoes persist of a small group consisting
‘Onliyof female Anda, but they are never sub-
‘stantiated.

Women are responsible fortransporting the home
stead; they load the ger onto a cart, drive the
the herd moves and unl.
They tan hides for leather, stitel t
well ax the covering for ger and cook most of the
family's food. Women do not have to clean; Mongols
believe that to clean any part of themselves, the:
clothing or even dishes or utensils with water will
bbring down the wrath of the spirits or Tengri the sky
god himself. A rinsing with boiling broth fro th
family kettle keeps dishes us: .
only yet clean when it
deep rivel

ether elit


The nomad is nothing without the steed ben

him. The Mongolian steppe pony is.a short, stocky,
hardy breed, Its neck is thick us are its legs, and

is dense. It is tremendously brave, thanks in large to.
training for the hunt and for war; even explasions
from fireworks do not easily startle it. It is vigorous.
arid high
re comfortable with
its cousins elsewhere in

of vitae as any other potential ghoul

CLOTHING AND WEAPONRY
all parts of his life, a
study in pragmati ily functional; deco:
ration trails in a distant yecond. He wears leather or
hick s — feet do not often touch ground
during battle. and if they do, odds are good ch
something has g. Inside the boots, hye we
vent chafing and protect from the
e made of woven cloth,
itydwellees. So juire silk shirts, which
are useful in

| AND THE

N SOM Prester JouN
POCHIEY PSE

Many Nestorian Christians took Latinice
ames, even ifthey were Mongols. Thus, one
would 4e@ Mongols named Margu: (Marcus)
and the like. This tmidicion tone of the many
soured for the legend of the Prestes Jolan, te
Christian King of india, The existence of sup.
posedly Christian namesin the Far East verified
that those distant lands were in the hands of
the yolewa anid wise Pigstes Joli, sued there-
fote Europe's Church needéd only to worcy
aboutits own lands and the disposition of their
inhabicancs' souls

Larer, the Church ts in for something ofa
tude awakening. Many priesesand scholars are
dead certain that the Great Khan's array is the
incarnarion of Gog or Magog from the Book of
Revelation, The Mangols come from the: fur
comer of the earth and have marched acrossits
breadth: they threaten to surround the Lord's
favored people; European Christianity, No
wonder, then, that the arntiey of Europe mect
the Mongol horde with such trepidation,


arrow intoa wound, rather than being torn using that
silk, the arrow can be extracted without much more
damage tothe injured area. A furred cape down to the
lence protects the Mongol's back from the elements,
ond a fur eap with flaps that fold down over the ears
finishes the typical garb. In preparation for combat,
the Mongol makes only slight changes in attire: A
leather helmet, which covers even the nape of the
neck, replaces the {ur cap altogether while a leather
cuirass a a eather coat covers the chest and abdomen.

While clothes may be relatively simple, every
Mongol warrior ia small armory. The typical horse
man catries two short hows und around 60 arrows,
These weapons are nor simple self bows; they are
recurved composite bows of laminated horn, sinew
and wood, with a range of around 300 yards. Arrows
vary in weight to account for both range and the
tunget's size and protection. The Mongol's sword is a
curved saber, hanging from the saddle. Alongside the
sword are a mace and hatchet for close-in fighting;
the warrior also curries u lance and a rope tied fm a
nase tor special occasions.

Sprerraaury AND SHAMANS

Two deities dominate the world of the Mongols:
Mongke Koke Tengri, "Eternal Blue Heaven," and
Itugen, goddess of the Earth. While both gods are
revered. their worship lays rather lightly on the shoul.
ders of the typical nomad. The Mongols see religion
itself as.a necessity hut are not dogmatic. Thus, the
Mongol Empire, in later days, includes both Nestorian
Christians and Lamaistic Buddhists without conflict
or outrage. The primary value of religion tits perceived
‘impact on the physical word.

The Mongol spirit world js a rich and lively one,
The spirits of the dead wander about, not to haunt
their descendants, hut rather to keep tabs on them
Nearly everything has a spirit of its own, Animals,
plants, fice — all these have invisible spirits that
make them up and guard them. Rivers are especially
sacred, and their sources and springs are fir more so.
tis gravely offensive to wash one's clothing or one-
self ina river — a taboo that later causes some

Mongolsalso revere mountaintops asthey are close to
Tengri and therefore favored by the god.

The spirits ate easily offended, and to make up for
a transgression against them eypically requires the
intercession of a shaman, In the days before the great
empire in the fiter (th century, shamans handled
traffic with the spirit world. This traffic ranges from
ritualized <ocrifices to ancestors to che worship of
‘Tengei und Iragen and direct communication with
spirits of natu ins know which spirits co

SHAMANISM BY THE NUMBERS

_fitt. the average Byantine of Roman
Catholic priest in 1197 lacks True Faith and
miraculous abilities, so does the average sha
man, The supernatural world does not call out
tbeveryone who-says he speaks to the unsee
‘However, tn the Dark Medieval world,
ate real; and some shamans do speak to them:
fasdo the Wan Kuei; see Chapter Five). Sto-
rytellers: or players who wish to portray:
magic-wielding'shaman can create theeharc
‘ters with Trae Faith (see p. 78 for a look at this
Trairon the steppe), Those who want u more
complere system for portraying and! quantify.
ing. shamans can consult the M The
"Ascension supplement The Spirit Way; ad
ditional nore on Mongol shamans also appear
in the Mage supplement Dragons of the East

Anda: and most other Cainires haye rela:

tively little traffic with the spirit world, but the
Wan Kuei are much closer tothe hidden realms
Chapter Three provides details an some of the
Jen Fhousand Demons' magical rites and gin
statistics for some steppe spirits

acl which 10 drive iwayi they also pedfotin
herds and hunts and occasionally per:
form prophecy. Scapulomancy is common — the
shaman casts the shoulder blades of a slaughter
sheep into a fire and examines the cracks that appear
onthe bones for propheric meaning. The shaman alse
divines through astrology; the movements of planets
and stars speak to him, and a comet or shouting stir
aften takes vin great significance
tical power within the
direct leadership role
— his access 1
a direct sign of the
sopinion
members of the tribe. Ma
shamans position themselves as the power
chiefuin's postion, providing fur more
advice and counsel.

CAINITES IN THE
ANCIENT East
Since time immemorial, the Cainitesof the Ocel-

dent have warned their childer to avoid the Far East
Cathay, Nihon, Koryo and the jungle kingdor

Southeast Asi es who have no truck
with thescions of Caine. The Gangrel speak im hushed

Pe

tribe. Though he rarely acts in
a place left for the tribe's cl

otherworldly reulins

gods' favor, According!

heavily than most othe:

EMPIRE OF THE WORLD CONQUEROR


tones of the Gi he Ravnos describe
aw host of demons. And the plain of Asia is barren,
practically infertile. No towns dat it. Surely, the

se lord ope think, no Cainite would live in
sounrelentingly hostile « land,

They are quite wrong,

The vampires of the steppe call themselves the
Anda, from the Mongol word meaning "blood
brother." They feed on the blood of animals and men,

ecoil from sunlight and display other facets of the

Cure of Caine. Most of them know great resistance

to pain and tnyury; they can take on the shapes of

beasts and hold sway over the minds of such animals.

know the secrets of great swiftness, allowing

sm 0 traverse a hundred miles in a single night,

and others hive gleaned oher, older secrets from

vampiric blood. The vampires of the steppe have lost

tity — they do not remember

c damned childer of Caine — but in

truth \ey ate; more previsely, they are an,
ottsho

Oaths of fealty and blood bind the Anda to:

gether, but the strongest motivator for th
untty is tear.

the Ten Thousand Demons. The Wan Kuel
J nights somewhat openly among the mortals of

their homelands. They wield great and terrible po
ts, anid they carry hatred for the o ‘of Caine ak
an unsheathed sword. When, Kuet hear of an
lurking around the edges of nomad
J into the wild lands ona

* blood.

hide their presence among

mad hunt for "fore
Therefore the Ani
the tribes of the steppe.

Monstrous LeGENDRY

According to Anda legend, the steppe vampires
are orphans of a great mother goddess, called Iragen
in most tellings. Millennia ago, she came east from
the Sumer Lands along with # futher god named
Mongke Tengri and a vast extended family, The
family comprised dozens of the gods' offspring —
some were children only of Intigen the Earth Goddess

ile others were only children of Mongke Tengri
the Sky God. and still others descended from both, as
is fitting

The family had a Large gerand many horses; it was
fantastically wealthy, for surely if it were any poorer
it would have splintered into several smaller camps.
z ngti and Mother Irugen hunted for them:

WIND FROM THE

‘Orin Oreuans:
‘The Angi are not the only Cainiteson the
Steppe. Only slightly less hidden aire the Wu
vanypires who have lurked in
the shadows of Wan Koei cities for thousands of

‘years, since thelr master Zao-lat returned west
to his homeland. The Wir Zao call themselves

scholars and searchers for understanding, but
the Wan Kael know chen as temple thieves
Only the northern court of the Ten Thousand
Detiioristolerites them, largely in exchange tor
| help in finding the Anda hiding among the
Mongols. When they cin, they present them-
"selves as Wan Kuci, especially when craveling

‘Observane watchers mightoceaslonally see
other Cownites in the Far Bist as. well. Far-
roaming Gangrel, htave Ravnos and questing
adocians have all visiréd the outskirts of

the Middle Kingdom, but heya few andraely tay

selves and caught ull their children to hunt, both iny
daylight ay

wanted for anyching as the group traveled from the
lands west of the Aleal Moutitains

the forest north of the high Monge

Evencually the family encountered bandits — no
ordinary bandits, mind you, hut rather scions of the
demons of the Xia Eu
demons saw Mother Irigen, and her great beauty
enraptured them. Father Tengri readied a spear and
insisted that the demons return to their homes, or
surely he would slay chem. Several of Mother Itagen's:
sons, including Dobrul the Brave, stood their ground
around their mother, bows at the ready,

Several demon bandits charged Father Tengri,
who stood his ground for only a few seconds, Whert
first blooded, Tenge' fled to his horse in fear of his life
His own sons and daughters fled with him, as did
tnany of his childten by Ittigen. Irtigen's loyal children
stood with their mother and encircled her, They
fought the demon bandits on all sides.

The battle raged for days; the Xia Demons sacri

their brethren might

In the end, the most

/e stood his

ground, holding paso thathis family mightescape,

The mightiest shaman of the Xia called down the

vengeance of the sky upon Dobrul; with a great curse,

as huge ball of fire streaked from above the clouds to
strike Itagen's greatest son.

stward, through
steppe.


aysiu ay Jo smopexs ax tH ysMy yep puw
vault asranaa> sOKpIO pUrY "aIMNy ayn SuLdsaydosd
19 prop oq yar HunesyunMWoD or smuors AaFEONL
urns wou, *9/euu go sao} WOM UND suTMEYs AUB
ssunp puw yooeid o1 soajasmayy your Asmmua>
4q ‘amnaou jo sanity afuens ssa2e]d o ur topes
UsuIs9q144 jONpIaIpay 1 saajasmay yMae or pyar
Sasol ‘epuy 94 Premo1 1Ua[OAIUAg JOU ayHsOY AR
nanaed sayiou ue soanavagy asau Lred 380uu atp 30}
asians ay to aif op stuiag [eamumadns z9y3Q)
(om 1 sadvys wm sseadie an03 astouoy youlg ap
Uo uoFMMOYL a10yy) "spoeymy peste! paw yers0uy
qiog soiwnasdiod aqua josuoyy ay pun ued U9a%
-3q Autsouutaw 94s pure ‘aqua MeL dp st FIN WEAK
asioun | peg ay) jo mndses sSty> ax Spauazaney
SaqUI ANOUEA LPL tpuoU ay uNer (as9K aI
aj "an09 49H] UFR ky UT say] AUUNLAMIOS Fax
pur) uno asiOUEY yPELg ay JO 1any UL, due
Sspeeppnos ay jo SoD oe Ur wsDyE Jo sow UDAD
aiaip snayndod ony aie euoramn ataip
2442 40} Fug a0 wIXIX "uH[ Jo suLvydL
LOU op ay, "SoH sep fuowD
uappny unemad epury ayL Aya UTED 1aN9¢ wD ay
Jo S@UKOPPIME Pur UOEsTUN HpSuaHe-syL
aijjunny HuLAtTUN avai jo aUO Jo YduaNE
a2 YW UND auOIE PLE Mop iM a0 RFT [p>
Aatp Gary sdnciad [fous ont pazruefao ae Fay Wn
aif "suotssc] pumenoy.y uy Jo sayatda ajay yore
Ajnd) pute Sujssassod yo Uieaup OU Op RPUY axp s9n
Hie 2aey doy L muny saps x UiB9q AppIepamun
say oouasaid $940 asuas Aoqp pjnoys pur ‘anoqe
ai epayy 24) Usy []92 02 914 9g 04 LHDae hay J, "YP UY
ay Aunty plae ovey Ajaanaoe Fanyy uw,yy ayp ‘samanosas
2a) uonaduro> ajdins puodag. oF Afsnolago Yo}
any suapisano o2 UtE[xa wou ap Aaify SUDHA JOY
448300 Ayprypoeadouopsxdnoutons sat, "poory pue ams
AY) AOp aa aso Y yPEY Ay JO LAMY, UNAA 4p
pm Aj:pautp aiaduios epury atp oeeniuo> kg asyour
ato 3} epson) on afeueM spaaig none
Mow s2yp sand sow aif) 40) ue "SianUtY pu apse
JoSuoyy Jo sUAMaQOW ai YIM ara A210 way
Huon aips puw adidas ap wo maj ove epuy ayy
(28eq ayp Jo saaturqpadeyg,
ieqodaiuay] susuajddns omasayy oy pur yg 7y
poojg :sx9u{2eq] Jo pjao,yy 998"suadeypaduys aq UO
oli Jog) "HOHATnsAp pak asnsodxa systzseaN w yan
sme arg, "43 © pooiq sama.
ayy dap}suca up ba SY 10} ast. 92H]
dau "ued stan 30) Sepuyy ayy "Pos dos frAa pun
eau Jo saubadas og 1 epULy AUR JapIsuOD 02 Wade
o}ues49AUO9 UH AxIONU AUD 9AvY O1|M aay AasOYPL pUID
"hood se Ajo jy sony] aap pay side} ap! —Upuy

ay pun way Huon 94 UdpMtag aac] ous} 92YLL AH,
40.384 "Uae yj0N 0 Jo set AYP azom 9x1 SONI A940.
ae afta 19 adnys an seam Kou ‘OM aya
yosautna uieli99 30 tppias pure sriouaacs sae aydoag $019

"Olay aan "WOPHUTY aIPPIAY axp Jo Yess woysoU
ayp saivurutop "saosueysoduye peujun aay suo Jo
uonaayje9 mown We "ssn0:y38vog SHI | YL II
4o qans axout on 39UMID Aa4fi PINOfs 9100 UIAD pUl
‘addaisayp un sarmaua snosatanes aary epuy 24)

SaIVANY
‘uatinyy ypian 2098} jeroods azoya4 soniye Yons Ap
uonow stp jospeuion asoys aengesip ou Op epuy aq
syySnoup pur sovuim ysrey #uLINp aids apyyui94 a1
02 uum 61 Adkdey sash pur ‘aun aamuunssainp 5)¥5
mo Atay Mo Afp4 O1 Addy azw spotUOYy Ys0Yy "AUNY
ay wo SSuyssa]q (wsTPEUUTUY 30 Asn ays YanOAp)
pue jeameusadns pur periow yrog seasyy wily)
wonsoioud aataaos Aayp aoadsar awe saquiakh au
\ypiya or mids addans rysawod w sn aurdaies ayy Saas
UNSDK xp *t}D4 AuIUTIOD ssap KT SEK SHNSPATT
te apny isedunt pesoranysy ay ondsap ‘auyy uw jewou
we daay_ on yieo pooyy ap asn 61 Sur|lum ospe age Aan
Ssonremigy masa yy aos our) oun] UL PUDY joys doo
#2 aguDpOIA Jo Iai aKp Hus axe suoK UNE?
ouaary Aatp saapigneyse]oa pun vpery ay f "suosean
Jo soqume € sey ancures axp yar shras unsoe aq
vaddays atp to fuoy 9araans
al suoMAg] PIX amp. Jo AH
ua Suidpun spuaeddy ayy pue uoneyndod w
0 S21a889s yp}m pauqwo> saajoys Axed 40 yor] oY
* sad Sigipaiout si aouansix9 siya "pe s9ypy "sa}danyy
Mout) BuIoeiqmg iapisuoy ays sop saqua wap
-tadapuy aiout 40 oa cI JaaUy|ds @ YsnouD 9830]
Shor 9qi4) 194 uaYym AfuD pUuE ‘audues sIpewou
af) IO} PJarys PUL sIUWAIS 'pady se SoaIDs UNV
ay "agen e man Ayjtuey papuansa UE Jo aqui OUT
1 —unse6 x funndope Aq aa1Aans umm aq jo sanruie)
WSO *UHfnMD | JO 9s 342 sBOJDq SUNNY ay UY

AAPIN SE) TWsEty

ganyuyHe) may avy eu

sumac UX.
dy) adtinoag :pauiem ay swiny yo j]0.02 Inq esHUF|gIS
4s960]9 s1y YaEM Suns ‘sazidums AUN paawoi
2ae3g 94p |NUYOCT "poojg Uso s1y Lajan ay UM pousdIa
30318 ou Uasqpauy s1y TEA pynos ay 3eIp prunes puL
‘poojq [euoU pasvsy ay "axoun ynsqog] Mat

pooyg sty poliueyo asano s,mewrys wy ay pu "zea
Sq. oun dap wy 9A03p a41y pur 9UDIs 0 ]]eq>IL->Ip
ou pip jmagogy ang "Isa pay waapy rep 294 pure UsMy
‘suoMag] BX axp Jo saMod aU 4g pay pur ypLap
s.aneug atp [naqog Jo paouatios ‘uoupyryp Aura}aans
324 puv wading] 38 Pardo} suoap MUUyEMDs a4 f


OF THE KHANS

In 1197 two factions divide the Mongol tribe:
those who follow Temujin and those who follow
Jamugha, The division is especially bitter because the
two leaders were once anda brothers and fought side
by side us Temujin sou blish himself, As

it's star tises, however, Jamugha sees his own
alling — ale

Khan's support of Jamughs only makes the bad blood
Toghril is land of the Kerayit tribe and is
us former ally of Temujin —in fact,
datwotherto Terma}

worse

others asenemies,
between the Ta

Tur Anpa Bonn

‘The anda relationship between Mongol men,
45.0 complicated one with no precise unalog in
moder Western society, The term can best be
transbired ax *blood beother" it is « boad. off
loyalty and affection, and is at least fe
sexual telotionship. ss) son usually 4
themselves anda when ung; they ex-
Hog ich 2g a olla
exchanged knucklebone dice —and promise sup-
pereforeme another through good an bad times

general, a Mongol will have but one anda,
although he can drift apart from his anda and
then declare himself anda to another. It is a
personal bond and, ar feast as much as madern
‘marriage, is between equals. The anda relation-
shin often calls for a renewal; when two anda

thers wish to reassert their loyalty to one
another they may exchange valuable gifts again.
Tn adolescence ot adulthood, these uifts are often |
lite expensive. At such an age, aifirmation of
the anda relyciemship often beings sexual sratifi-
‘cation as'the pair might sleep together under a]
single blankec and love one another.

The Anda bloodline of Cainices has a strong
tradition of anda-Embrace. Though the bloodline:
thas fairly strict standards for whi may receive the
Embrace, it isvery common fora neonate to push
for his anda brother in life to, bertésted and
Embraced. Some groups of Anda Cainites, usu-
Ally these from further wei and teaubel
opposed tO this position, arguing thar it is a
teprchensible form of nepotism; in those groups,
the new Quinite's first mattal victim will be his
former anda brother. Such an attack setves 0

Mongols, Ambaghai Khan, promised his daughter in
marriage to a Tatar chief. The Tatars unexpectedly
took him captive while he was escorting her into their
away, he shoured for his

sons never to forget this betrayal. They haven't. The
Mongols and Tatars have been enemies from that day
forward, fighting thirteen battles in just a
The Mongols continue to fight the wa
even today.

The Merkid tribe, by contrast, is dependent on the
Mongol tribe for cooperation and defense. De
ago, Yeougei the Bs Mongol, stole the woman.
Hogelun from the Merkid chief who intended to
marry her. Yesugei married Hogelun, and she bore
him the son Temujin. Many years later, three Merkid
kidnapped Tema bride Borte Ujin pposedly in
retribution for Yesugel's long-ago crime. Temuyin
called upon his ally Toghtil, Khan of the Kerayit, and
hisanda brother, Jumugha, to strike at the Merkid and
rescue Borte Ujin, In a sign of thin once
Temujin had seen to his wife's safety, he had all but
the smallest Merkid warriors slain and theit chi
and women enslaved. The tribe remains subs

nation, but the Naiman Khan, Kuchlu
Christian, having been raised in
mother. The Naimans, like the Taras, te enemies to
the Mongols

ny members of the Onggut tribe are also
Nestorian ¢ up Christian:
iry by exiled Ne:
descendants, The Onggut have fought with the
Mongols in the past, bur are on generally good terms
with chem as of 1197. Por che time being, che Onggut
serve the lords of the Jin Empire; they Gecupy lands
north of the decrepit Great Wall and attack any
minor tribe that purports to cross into Jin territory
Due to the strength of their southern beriefactor, the
Onggut tribe has hecome quite wealthy.

The Kerayit are Nestorians like the Onge
‘Toghril Khan leads them. Togluil is 9 mighty war
leader and one of the most respected khans ofall the
tribes. For the time being, he isan ally of Temujin and
{more so) Jamugha. The star of the Kerayit tribe ison
the riseas Toghril and his allies also have the support
ofthe Jin Empire, to the south, which uses the
asa weapon to keep the Tatars in line.

The Qupchags control lands much farther west;
their preference is to harass and rob the principalities
‘of Russia. They are a brave people, and many of them
join the great army of Genghis Khan in later years

erayit


RUSSIA

Casttan

MONGOL +.
EMPIRE

XINIA Ente

SOUTHERN
SONG
EMPIRE

MYANMAR


or ESN THE
OMS OF THE Est

The Khwarazm nation and Kara-Khitai have
their fair share of eastern Islamic Cainites; from
Assamices, Gangrel and Ravnos to other elans
better known for their actions in the West, the
selone of Caine lead the same kinds of uniives
that thetr chusing do everywhere else. The cities
of Samarkand and Bukhara are particular cen-
ters of undead uctivity. Samarkand itself sees
enough weilth pass through ir in a day to satisiy
the greed of several Cainites: The city's vampiric
lord, Karim, is an Assamite vizier of great. age
who has begun to lose his sense of touch through
4 curke Put upon him by an old kimam he slew in
frenzy. This loss of sensation affects Karim in
range ways; outsiders to his court whisper that
the may be Tosing his mind.

‘The Wan Kuei dominate the nights of the
Jin Xisia and Southern Songin 1197. Very' few
Cainites are to be found tn those lands; instead,
the Jin under the influence of the Blick Tore
toike and Azure Dragon Courts, the Xixia plays
host to the White lige Court, and the South:
em Song contains elements from' the Yellow
Emperor and Scarlet Phoenix Coutts. The
out of the courts of the Wan Kuet is somewhat
fluid, of course, und it cercainly, does' not obey
boundaries formed by mortal nations. For more
information on the Ten Thousand Demions and
their machinarions, sce Kindred of the East and
World of Darkness: Blood & Silk.

Jin, Xixia and Song
those three us *Khitai
y" "
directly against harbatian-held lands, and those t
1s' actions strongly impact the welfare af Mon-
lian nomads. Further distant, the great empires of
ra-Khitat and Khwara

ary to the tribes' activity.

KanarKnnat
Kara-Khitai is a temnane of the old Khitan em-
i perversian of its name leads to the name
ath Until roughly 70 years ago, most
of the Khitan lived in the Liao Empire, a land north
of Song China, Then the Jurchen peoples, who now
rule the Jin Empire, evicted the Khitan futeibly

n serve asa western bound

is at Bolasagun, and their king,

Yelu Chiluku, uses the title gurkhan, "king of the

WIND FROM THE EAST

to spend his days hunting and
ures of the flesh. While he does
his empire stowly disintegrates
Kara-Khitai avast nation, seretching feom Turf
westward to Orrar and containing the great cities of
Bukhara and Tashkent. From the southern mountains
of Kara-Khit an see the foothills of the world.
girdling Himalayan Mountains. The population is
divided inco two main groups: the Turkic peasants
who lived there before the Khitans' arrival, and the
landowning Khitans. Most of the peasint poy
is Muslim, while the Khitans themselves are largely
Buddhist. However, some Khitans follow the dict,
of Christianity or animistic shamanisin; indeed, it
at they ure only prejudiced aygiinst tslam
or faiths. This prejudice hus led to some
ion with the neighboring Islamic kingdom,
Khwarazm; Yelu Chiluku continues ta provide sup
port and aid to Sultan-Shah, euler of Khurasan and

exiled King of Khwarasm.
Kuwaraze

Khwarazm is the largost
on the steppe. Khi
dominated by asingle

i

of Islamic culture
és nation of Islamic Turks,

ah, Takash. Takash's brother,
the empire's thi

1172. Takash fed

J that nation's 4

him an army with which he co

When the king of Kura-Kh

Takash at the price of heavy annual

rebelled and refused to

for himself, has claim

exile in
to lend

Xia

Xixis —a name meaning simply "Weste
dom" — is one of three splinters of the old Chinese
empire. It is the smallest and the middle child in age
The Tangut people, who descend from Tibetan tribes
men, dominate its population. Hundreds of years
the Tanguts roamed the western highlands in mi
the way that Mongol and similar tril
however, they have since sertled down
tary, agricultural lifestyle. Xixiaspends a yood
of time and work fighting nomads of the far
duty it never fails to remind the by
Southern Song Chinese abour. Xixia is ostensibly a
satellite state of the Song — the emperor of Xixia te
"son emperor" to the there the
truth of the matter is that the Song pays the narion of
Xixia hundreds of chousands of bolts of silk and ether


riches in tribute eve
ital at Ning

The Xixia Emperor in his
rows full well who is father

Si

The Jin Emp hern China is the greatest
f ld Chinese. stare
Thou
its armues ay other in the
The Jin Emp am the Jurchen
Jom oof Law n decades and strands.
ighbor. The Jurche
ortlessly into the cities and thrones left empty
quest of the Liao; they show a remarkable
y for rul heir barbaric
m the Song
not have the
rrison to their north, and
sibly wo compensate the Jin for

e amount of tribute
the south, The Si
ability to maintain a larg
the payment is os
Jefending northern Ch
barians. F

in waged their own. war of
conquest again i seventy years ago;
without to across the
Ka The Jin

inuch diffe

CT 2c _EMPIRE OF

proceeded to chase claimants
throne across much of
Southern Song Dynasty) until they
treaty. It is that treaty that stipulates the. el
payments from Song to Jin. The Jin he
ethic, and are a very ronal people

vthe Song imperial
athern China (now thy

g Dynasty is the direct descen:
of Chinese dynastic history
their hand:

ind

h it is certainly the capital
culture is an ancient and

me, dominated by a

ind centuries of traditi

he compete fe

awuint; the two are c
able ta work within the strictures of
, for the most part. The typical peasant can make
meth by tah

eis nan

an imperial
Jund
high within

mination; ifhiseducaticn is
y bright, he can rise qui
the bureaucracy.

THE WORLD CONQUEROR


Hs WORE D-
CON¢ IEBOR

(1206-1227)

ine in the 1160s — 1167 ts as good « date

Merkid woman Hogelun has heefirst son

Mongol Yesugei the Brive. Yesugei Is the

boy, who emerges from his mother's womb clutching,

a blick clot of blood, Temujin, for a Tatar chief he

had once captured. At this time, the Mongols are

heast Asian steppe and

at of the cribesof the area: the

Naiman and Tatar compete with them for

land and food, The Tarars hold the most power, and

the Mongols war with them aier the shiying of the
Moryols leader; Ambughuai Khan,

Tatars kill Yesugei the Brave when Teraujin is

nine years old, when father and son travel north to

lun's tribe to find the boy a wife. Temuyjin vows

nce against the Turars (which he will

carry out when the Mongolsdestray the Tatarsalmost

toa man) and becomes responsible for both Hogelun

and his three younger brothers, After Yesuge''s death,

however, the M uders ostracize Hogelun and

her sons; the five must make their own camp and live

inrelative solitude. The boys learn, as all Mongols do,
tohunt and fish for themselves and provide forthe family,
In these harsh circumstances, Temujin learns an
equally harsh brand of justice. His only full brother is
Khasary Hogelun's other sons, Begter and Belgurei,
are not children of Yesugei. Temujin and Khasar, in
carly adplescence, come into conflict with their half-
brothers. Begter and Belgutei don't perform their
share of the boys' datly work, but instead claim
jin's and Khasar's work as their own: Soon;
Yeauger's sons grow frustrated, and kill Begter with
y their

cations at Yesugei'ssons: it sternly;
but she does not east them cult, knowing that herown,
survival depends on them. The adult Temujin's pros
ppensity for brutal retribution envenges when the Metkid!
tribe kidnaps Borte Ujin, his wife. Temujin gathers
together tensof thousands of men from several minor
tribes, along with Togheil Khan and Temuyin's anda
Inother Jamugha, and hunts down the Metkid, slay.
ing all the adult men and capturing the women and
children.

In the aftermath of these greut battles, chiefs of
the variousminot camps come together in akuwiltal —

WIND FROM THE EAST

4 great meeting — and decide to ask Temujin to rule
them all. Many of these chiefs come from the camps
loyal to Jamugha, and Jamughs is a jealous lord. Bur
for the time being, the kuriliai has named Termujin
Khan ofthe Mongols: They call him

title meaning "Oceanic Lord" or "Lord of the Nation.

Tue ARMY OF
THE GREAT KHAN
Genghis Khan is nothing if ot pra
arranges his armies sensibly and, unlike many of his
foes, ts willing to discard a respected stratagem when
it does not work. Managing an army of hundreds of
thousands of men across thousands of miles of Asian
steppe is a Herculean task; the Great Khan structures
his forces to simplify matters as much as possible.
For starters, leaders of distant armies are given
simple instructions and carte blanche regarding their
execution. Of course, in the carly days these leaders
are men that Genghis Khan trusts implicitly: his
brothers, sons and longtime companions such as
Subetai the Brave. The armies come from every tribe
of che Mongol nation, and the distribution of tribes is
worth noting. Tribes like the Onggut, loyal to Genghis:
Khan from the eurliest days, and those who neves
raised a fist against the Mongols in recent memory,
remain largely intact; many large cavalry units (even
rninghan of 1000 men) consist of nothing but Ongguc
or Qongginat. By contrast, survivors of subjugited or
destroyed tribes like the Kerayit or Tatar aresprinkled
throughout the army. In this way, Genghis Khan is
sure to have concentrarions of those loyal to him while
leaving his enemies diffise and without coordination,
Training these armies is relatively simple: Mon:
gol men learn to ride and shoot arrows from boyhood,
Every autumn, in preparation for the harsh steppe
winter, the men in a cump ride out to find game in a
vast circle, which slowly contracts, driving animals
into a tight herd, When the circle has contracted fur
the khan lounches the first arrow, and his
men follow suit. The nerge, as this is called, serves a
second purpose: It teaches discipline. Those allowing
ame to escape out of the circle or loosis
before the khan face severe punishment
Every man under the age of 60 who is old enough:
10 fire a bow or carry a spear is part of the army. This
helps to explain the apparently vast size of the Mon-
gol armies — the male citizenry of a tribe is its army
The Mongol army is organized along decimal lines; a
squad of ren men is its base unit. These squads of ten.
are gathered in groups of 100 men. which in turn
make upwmingkan of 1000; finally, ten minghan make
up a tumen of 10,000 soldiers. The temen is the


Th Grear Yasa

The Great Yasa is the collection of formal-
(zetl Mongol law and ides, as laid down
by eat ip, she kvriltar chor named: him
Genghis Khan in 1206. tt isa-written document
—nire among t Monga perrrer marque
comunon among their con The prince o
schol he our eat wg tea copy oF he Ort
‘Youu among his greatest treasures.

Under the Great Khan's rule, judement and
sclhiglsearon of che Yas falls to his sated
Son, ShigidQuetiqu. Shigi-Queugu, as the first

busts Genie comercial pd

‘ps careful note of his previous rulings in a
blue book; thus, he builds up a body of precedent |
‘that he conmuley ws eases grow more complex.
‘The Great Yesais quite harehyadultery, bluck
ic, conspiracy, grand theft, murder, sodomy
many other crimes can earn the death pen-
alty. Tite Great Yasa gives no distinction between
sivilian and military law, as befits the nittire of
the Mongols' army. The Yata also institutes 0
code of honorable behavior for Mongol warrinrsi
oldiers arc ro keep discipline. in all civeuen-
statices, obey. communding officers, tell the truth,
in all circumstances and 50,001,

primary organizational unit, A talented officer lead
each of these iroups; unlike the European system, in
which noble knights lead peasant footmen into battle,
Mongol promotions come on the basis of merit

THe CAMPAIGNS
Asa fighting force, the armies of Genghis Khan
are a vast, disciplined, and formidable group. In for-
mal terms they number around [20,000 men; were
Mongol holdings ever to be attacked in force, how-
ever, any man old enough to stay on a saddle could
join in the fighting with skill and discipline. That
might bring the fighting strength co more than
300,000. In the open field, the early Mongol armies
capable of
thy and coordinated large-scale movement. ac-
curate in attack and regimented in retreat, noarmy in
Asta or Europe can match them in a stand-up fight.
When Genghis Khan decides to secure his flank
by conquering the northern Chinese kingdoms of Jin
and Xixia, how he must contend with the fact
that his superb armies haven't the foggiest idea haw
to conquera walled city, Give theman opentown and
the Mongols know precisely whar to da: Sweep in aff
the plain, kill those yousee, take what youcan, burn
what you can't and return to the steppe to count and

Preparors AMoNo THE HoRDE

Anda (and, later, other Cainites) ride with
‘Genghis Khan's armies. Though it might seem
at fist glanee that suclrereutures would be in
terrible danger, due co the high discipline and
‘cambat skill ofthe typical Mongol soldier, play-
‘ets und Storyteller: should remember that most
Anda come from this sume stock. They know
thetrway aroiind stich armies, unless they are so
‘olilasto predate the rise of the GreatKhan,
even then, they are farniliar with the ways «
their people. Hiding among the Mongol army is
simple matter for those Anda who wish t

As the empire expands and mare peoples
seme under 3 subjugation, Cainlees of
other clnsEmbrace Mongol soldiers. For nearly
‘any clan, the strong, fast and ruthless Mongol
warrior isa good potentia) chile, By the time of
the Gitar Khan's deurh, Cainites of the
Assamite, Gingre!, Raynos and Ventruc clans
‘can be found (n substantial numbers among the
Horde. 7

The horde of the Great-Khan does face
other sipernatural threats during its expansion.
Froin the vengeful ghoscs of the slain Tarartribe
to hostile tribes of werewolves and weretigers,
she Mongol soldier must be teady to face almost
any foe. Theaverage horseman does not see any
Of the hidden world during the empice's expan-
sion, but rumor and myth of such follow the
horde diroughout its existence:

distribute boory. Bur cities are different. Light cavalry
isuseless against stone walls. forane thing:cities have
such great populations th J-eetreat tactic
only serves to give the residents time te repair fortifi
cations and tend 1 their ed. Many times
Mongol armies pi win the
hope of starving cities, for they have no other cholee
‘When the Mongol armies do breach the walls of
cities, they suffer from confusion and chi
arly days, thedlongole
cities that they don't understand what o1
When they enter a city, they rape or kidnap
women, kill its other inhabican
they can find and burn everything in sight. This isn't
always done just out of eruelty, but rather more often
out of bewilderment. Steppe horsemen juxt do not
know how to handle an urban centet. Obviously, the
ea not change the result: Mong:
ern Ia


Cunvese Conque
Khan first curns his attention toward the
kingdom of Xixta, ar

pmprised of sedentary
former barbarians.

¢ Mongols destroy great swaths
Xf ¢ pide, ruining crops anid bur ill
he difficult above, they
Linychou. Wisely, the king of Xixia, Li Anchuan,
yields his allegiance (and one of his daughiers) 10
Genghis Khan only a few years after the attacks
With Xixia subjugated by
tums his attention towar
he Jin ssa land of sedentary f
Xixta, the Jurchen

omads. Until
in Empice re
) warrior spirie and fight valiantly and intelligently
‘against the Mongol armies. It takes years
Great Khan to completely 31
Song Chinese, who wish to retake territory lost
he Jin 70 yearsearlier, aid Ghengis Kahn by atacit
The Song trouble the Jin's flanks, but the
» the majority of the fighting and th

donot reyain any lostterritory, instead ceding ita
the Mon

WIND FROM THE BAST

COMMGNICATIONS:

‘An army that exists only to fight and pillage
itt vacuuin and cut off frat the rest of the w
isdoomed, The Great Khang knows this; therefore
they makes certain that none of their
isolated from the other intelligence. C
Cation, is, the key co coordinating larye-sc
Invasions like those the Mongols perform.
Historical decails on Genghis Khan's
nication steucture are absent save for suppo:
about hundreds if not thousands of
‘wreaking havoc by appropriating hc
though whose kinds they passed. The Yam system
created by Ogadei Khan, his successor, builds on
Genghis Khan'ssuccesses, Way stations ace placed
roughly every 25 miles along major thoroughfares
‘chrpugh the empire; at each way sricic
bf rested sind watered horses wait, long with a few
avetukers trainers, food, water and supplies. Cou-
iets travel as quickly as they ean hetweer
‘wavatations; ashe approachescine, acourier sain
his special horn, warning the station of his isn
e the station, he
dis receives supplies, mounts # new horse
and contioues onward with only « minute's delay
In.this fashion, lhe can cover distances as great as
300 miles in one day.


The ANDA AND THE Wan Kuk
Exrlyattacksagtinst the Jin and Xixia Empires
immediately to the Mongols' south come swiftly
and without gtear retribution; in quick succession
Daidu, Shangduiind Ningxia drepacified. No Anda
live in these cities, of courses' They are the homes of
the Wan Kuei. Daring Anda ish into the cities of
the Mille Kim forthe fist ne a9 the Mon
gol tribe extends itself southward; usually, this is
Linder cover of metal invasions, but sometimes the
Ando even lel the way anito cities. And of course
the ciries re whurethe Anda discover lurking Wan
Kur, furious atthe prospect of invasion and wear-
ingtheit superninural hate like abadlge. Most Anda
Who enter Chinese cities at this juncture are de- |
stroyed; not until the reign of Kublai Khan do any.
Anil foe! safe walking inthe Middle Kingdom.
Despite the danger the Anda fie in the cities
‘ofthe south, cheirnumbers and strengeh in the far
north leads them to bold action when confronted
with Black Tortoise Wan Kuei oni thesteppe. They
‘make examples of many Cathayan yamnpites —
stretching chem out in the sun for torture, consum-
ing their blood tw the fasc drop-or burning them ro
ash while they are still conscious, The "barbarian:
pices f ce Mongols bate hetero the

Tortoise Court,,

Kara-Kurrat ann KHwarazM
When the Mongols conqueted the Naiman tribe
during Temupin's rise to power, its khan, Kuchlug,
small honor guard escaped. They fled to K:
Khirai, where Kuchlug took the throne. Kuchlug
areatly despised Islam, however, and forbade {ts prac
tice within his new kingdom — a kungdom which,
until his arrival, had been staunchly Muslim. The
ampagin Genghis Khan are therefore met
cheers and applause as they attack Kashgar and
certainly nota response they are used
araKhitai into his em-
pire, promising its defense
An Islamic king named Muhammad rules K:
tai the Fmpire of Khwarazm.
Muhimmad is predisposed to be suspicious of the
steppe nomads; when Genghis Khan, his new neigh:
sts that the two empire

has them executed as spies, This rouses the ire of the
resting yer. Muhammad has an enormous army —
400,000 men — hur ir is a group of limited
ty and resources, Genghis Khan's army is just
over a quarter thar size, bur of considerably greater

alty.and skill, Genghis requests that the King of
ia, his subject, supply more troops but receives a
disrespectful relusal. Regardless, the
award in 1220,
ly inferior quality, the horde sweeps
through Khwarazm's det ke # broom throu
f straw. [n quick succession Utear und Bi
the Khwarazm capital of B
finally the golden target, Samarkand, Samat
‘opens its gates to welcome the conqueror; the (
Khan repays this hospitality by ening the city
to his men to loot, pillage and tape

Taxamion
| Genghis Khan's advisors urge hiv to simply
slow ‘the peasantry of China and tum their
s over to pasture, giving the nomads free rein
overthe territory: The Great Khath disagrees, point:
{nig out rightly chatin Chinese: peasant creates far
‘more in taxable revenue than his land is worth as
ature; Many Mongols and their subjects serve as
cadministracors amd tiix collectors over the empire;
‘The Great Yasa causes them to behave with utmost
‘honesty, but the tax burden the Mongols place on
their subjects is far-too great;-Lacking an under
-statiding of ayricuteural life, the Mongols initially
‘tax the life out ofthe peasantry in newly conqueres|
lands; many peasants have to tur over so much of
"their annwal harvest thar they are unable to teed
> theinselves or their families over the winter. It
quite literally cakes generations for the empire to
‘hake substantive changes to thissystem, although
‘Chiige comes faster to lands in which the Mongols
tumed over bureaucratic ministration to native
"Turks or Chinese. The native bureaucrats know far
better bow much tax can be extracted trom it
peasant while still allowing hit to contribute to
the rrensury the following aucutnn.

Ovner TaRGers

After the conquest of Khwarasm, Genghis allows
his lieutenants Jebe and Subetai to explore westward
with an expeditionary force of about 20,0¢
eventually reach the S

comprised mostly of Qipchags ond ti

force of 80,000 Russian soldiers

times the number of men Jebe and Subetai have
before sweeping through the loosely affiliated city
states of Russia, pillagi nd looting. In the end they
return to the Great Khan's capital at Karakorum,
wealthy, experienced and roal-wor.

EMPIRE OF THE WORLDCONQUEROR


‘The following chart should provide useful detail for Storytellers who wish to run Mongol chronicles or even for

these whase players might wish to have cheir European characters take Might along the Silk Road atthe end
Lhe

Temujin is born.

‘esugel the Brave is poisoned to death by Tatars
Kuunlta confirms Temujin as Genghis Khan,
Mongls atcack Ningxia.
Xixia Emperor renders his loyalty to Genghis Khan Xixia becomes # puppet state of the Mongols
Mangols sweop into Jin Empire and attack Kaeyo,
Mongols take Zhongslu from Jin; Jin capital moves to Kaifeng
Mongols take Kashgar.
Mongols rake Balasogun, the capital of the Kara-Khital Empire.
Mongols take Samarkand, 89,000 mca defeat 110,000.
Subetai and Jebe maraud through the Caueasus and southern Ru
Subetai and Jebe sack Kiev

taj and Jebe retum to the empire

Genghis Khan conquers Xixia; destroys Ningxia, In August, Genghis Khan dies, Ogadei Khiin
becomes Great Khan (Khagan) of the Mongols.

Mongols conquer what is now Azezhaijan, Georgia, Armenia and Turkey.
Maraghch becomes capital ofthe Tikhanate.
‘Mongols drive Jin Emperor from Kaifeng.
Mongols conquer Jin Empite
Mongol nobles mect in kurta and resolve to attack southward and westward.
Firscrefugees from the eastswarm into Hungary. Mongols invade acrass the Volga; conuet Bulga
‘baru conquers Russian principalities; they remain vassals for centuries.
Batu conquers Hungary and Poland; Mongol scours reach outskirts of Vienns, Oxgde dies
arai becomes capital of the Golden Horde. Batu's forces leave Europe
Tuyuk becomes khagan.
Guyuk dies
Kurilta elects Mongke khagan,
Hulegu Khan is sent west co conquer Baghdad.
Mongol army including Georgians. Armenians and Persians sacks Baghala
Egyptian Mamluks defeat Mongols at Ain Jalut in
Kable Khan declares hoc Wag hs  suntered by he Urecir Ag-boke,
After severa! hattles,Arig-boke's forces are defeated and Kublas Khan becomes khagsm in fact, War
between Hulegu's Ikhanate and Berke's Golden Horde, which are largely independent of Kublai

at this point

Tabriz becomes capital ofthe likhanate.

Daidu founded as Mongol imperial capi

Kublai conauers Panecheng and X

Mongols attempt (and fal) to inwade Japa

Hangzhou (Linan), Chinese capital, falls

Kublai Khan conquers China and founds che Yuan Dynasty,
Mongols artempc (and fail again) to inwade Japan,

Kublai Khan dies,

The last of Hulegu's line dies; Timur forges ew empire out of Samarkand.
Chinese overthrow Mongols and found Ming dyrusty.

Ming Chinese destroy Karakorum.

Final remnant of the Golden Hoe in Rusia ceases to be.

WIND FROM THE EAST


Upon Jebe and Subetai's rerum, Genghis Khan
orders the subjugation of the rebellious Xixia, Peas-
ants in the field ate slaughtered.and skilled eraftemen,
are taken prisoner. When the cime comes to sack
Ningxi Mongols have a difficult
rime laying siege; the defenders on the walls manage
to epel the nomad raiders. On his deathbed, Genghis
Khan orders his men to break a nearby dam and flood
Ningxia. They do, and the city is destroyed; todsiy
only watery foundations of buildings persis.

AN ENDING

Genghis Khan makes it clear in the closing days
of his life that rulership of the Mongol tribe and its
possessions should pass to his third son, Ogadel. The
eldest. Jochi. ts dead, and the second, Chaghatai, is
incompetent. The Khan collapses of typhus in 1227
and orders the extermination of the Xixia people as
retribution for their insolence, for they did not supply
needed troops when he called upot .

Genghis Khun dies of typhus later thar same year.

uried within sight of the mountain

Those whom the funeral procession encounters on
the road are put to the sword lest they unknowingly

thesecretof the khan'stomb, Forty "moonlike™
virgins and forty horses are sactificed as he is buried,
forhispleauire in the next life. and a thousand horses
trample his burial pasture when all is done so chat no
trace remains of the khan's final resting site.

Tue Gi Kuan Arrer Dearie

No Cainite gives the\Great Khan the Em-

brace. Whi Bei ict conapicder oe

Jack af opportunity is un-

‘sors, at leastnot

by the end of his life, s0 no vampire is known to

see him die. By the time Genghis Khan has been

dead an hour, tes too late for even the swifcest

Cainite to grant him untife: Rumors about the

Great Khan's face spread like wildfire aruong the

undead ihuring Ogadei Khan's reign, however;
see page 61 for more details,

‘More interesting to the Anda are stories that
Genghis Khan was offered the Embrace and
refused tes one of these tales, Temufin's boy-
hood anda beother Jamugha, his death faked!
decades earlier, isthe one to fier immortality to
the Great Khan; in another, the undead Yesuge'
the Brave, Tesnujin's father, tries to grane che
Blood of Dobrul to his son. Universally, how-
ever, the Great Khan rejects the blood and goes |
quivtly into the afterlife: es

ae RLUDE?
ey: His' DEATH

a3 RaXiscs ‘SSION

Upon Ogadel's ascension o the throne, he fol
lows Mongol tradition, granting the furthest-dista
gracing lands to the eldest son of the dead khan.
Ogade: himself is the third son of the Great Khi
hits the eldest of his brothers, but dies just befo
aghis Khan himself, His land is granted to his
cldest son, Batu, Chaghatai receives free reign ov
the lands from Be: ‘a ra south a:
aim to the

as a birthright for the Khan's youngest son.
One of Ogader's first acts as Grear Kh
aid and direction of a great kurltai, is to direct Batu
Khan and Subetai the Brave to conquer Jochi's lands
inthe far west, abandoned aftes A thre
1220s. Ogadei grants Batu the lands
westernmost pasture of the empite as far west
can conquer and hold. While Ogadei consolidates
ses psiwer ini Mongolia, etn
nver 100,000 men imi
their fortunes,

Tue Moncots AND Europe

The average person in L3th century
the Far East ("India," u name which seems to serve
«d-in for anywhere from hay to Ethiopia)
a place of great peace, possibly ruled by the gr
Christian King Prester John. Tales abound of strange
J barbarians, but those are thought 10
art of the population
contact the people of Europe have with
the mnibes of the steppe is with the Qipehays and their
tormentors, the Mongols. The Mongols are not Chis:
tian, though they harilly serve Satan as woane Europeins
are not the harbingers ot the Biblical
Armageddon, either, despite the destruction
they bring. They are men, nothing more, with orders
to conquer as much
Baru Khan, Ogader's nephew and the late Joch's
son, nutes the Qipehag Khanate, later also called the
Khanate of the Golden Horde. Baru rules it tn n
since he isa descend
the Brow

self, is the urmy's ma

with the

nin the

ing westward to seek

an old companion of Genghis Khan him

sermind. Subetai isa canny old

EMPIRE OF THE WORLDCONQUEROR


bastard who ditécts the Golden' Hode's lightning:
strike conquest of Russia and, a few years later, the

invasion of Europe past the Balkan and Carpathian,
Mountains.

A Pura for Ain

tn 1238, misstons oetive in France and Bn-
i a ees ofpach nation for nd
agairist the Mongol menace, Though reports
have trickled even this far west of the "Tartar

ce" neat the Volga River, courtiersof both
tations are shoeked to learn that the emissaries
‘come from the Old Man of the Mountain, king
of the Assassins of Alamut.

"AS might besimayined, the Saracené and
their ‘hot evoke great sympartiy in
the courts of Henry IIf or Louis 1X. Both kings
accept tributéanul welcome the Ismaili ambassa-
dors, but neicher is willing to send aid of any
Wind to the hated Muslims. [nsread, they assume
‘that the Mongols and Ismaili will fight one
"another, and the survivor will be an-easy target
for Europe's crusiders. In the-end, the Mongols
sack and pillage' tamaili holdings across Arab

lands, but thar hardly makes them easy pickings,

Eurorean AFFAIRS

Fourmen dominate the polities of Eastern Europe
in the years leading up to the Mongol invisio
Frederick II, the Holy Romun Emperor: Pope Gregory
IX, leader of the Roman Catholic Chure
Kingof Hungary

tht his superior; he is, howev:
brilliant man and a skilled steategist.
with eriemies o
ensibly owes his allegiance to Frederick. And
¢ legal euler of the four states that
at honor goes to Prince Boleslay
is certainly the most powerful and
& h monarchs,
The situation in Hungary is ter
and conflict between Frederick and
that confusion. When B
Horde

ihly confused,
ry only

u leads the
yainst Russia starting in 1236, he

Mongols who are called "Cumans" by Europeans).
alf of the Qipchags pledge allegiance w the
at Khan; the remainder (more than 200,000
fe) flee for their hives over the Ball
Carpathians into Hungary. Khan Khoytan leads

WIND FROM THE EAST.

fleeing; he begs Bela IV for sanctuary near Buda ard
Pest, pledging fealty and the strength af 40,000 warriors
Bela grants the Cumans sanctuary in. 1240; this
action enrages and alienates many of his nobles, who
snistrust Khoytan's true loyalty and the Cumans' teal
motives for moving onto the fertile Hungarian plain,
Archduke Fredetick of Austria (not to be confused
with Holy Roman Emperor Frederick) is not one
Bela's vassals but doesn't hesitate to sow the
mistrustamong Hungarian nobles whose lands border
his own. Archduke Frederick either grea
! near sees immense opportunity in theie arrival

Earopean Canim

The forves of Batu and Subetai drive hard and fast
to deny Europe's leaders a chance to unify their
armies, but they do not move so fast as to deny the
ancient Cainites of Europe their prescient vision,
Elders of many clans hear of the vast horde's ap-
proach; farsighted undead lords of the Carpathians
easily extrapolate visions of a chaotic invasion into
prophecy of a horde tw destroy Euro

The response to this 1s mixe
in Europe are nothing if not
clans naturally possess gifts
exceptionally elented have any foresight at all the
events af 1240 earch many Cainites, even these in Eastern
Europe, entirely off-guard. Vampires certainly de
bilize en masse to fight off the Mongl horde.

The Toimisce, arguably the most territorial of all,
Cainites, attempt to mabilize some forces to defend
their lands. The curse af eheit blood ke
from simply pulling up roots to avold onpushing war,
but if refugees like the Qipchngs are co be believed,
the Mongol horde is destroying everythinig in its path

Tzimisce prepare war ghouls and similat

and arm their revenant minions to fight the horde
ly simple, since the warriors of the
ready in fighting trim thanks to con-

stant conflict among the wavodes and against the Tremere

Clan Tremere, whose newly undead

the gift of forocight

different conflict than the Tzimis

to move around as they wish, How

mystic secrets are held in the magi

Though the mundane lands of Eastern Europe arc

generally less important to the Tremere, Ceoris itself

1 a prize to fight for. The Tremere and Tsimisee are

already on a war footing as it is, and the fighting

hetween them truly dows not lecup until the Mongols

are on their doorstep, and sometimes not even then.


The Cappadocians' close ties to the land ot the

dead let thent hear the echoes of the Mongols' hoof

beats well before the horde even crosses the Volga.

Thousands af mottals die as the Mongols sack cities

across / ‘ath throes ring like soft winter

bells in the ears of elder Graverohbers. The

Cappadocians do not fear the coming of the horde;

some young rebels among their number welcome an
the splendorous mass destruction i

thout. Many of the clan's eldecs are

ent scrolls and artifacts, however;

of primeval treasures make their way

westward in the years from 1236 to 1241, Occupied

with this evacuation, the elders of the Cappadocian

THE CINMIKELY RESPONSES

Wind from the East paints the Mongols'
invasion of Russia and Eastern) Europe in as
broad strokesas possible in order to allow Story
tellers 0 follow their. own, visions of Cainite
‘events around the battles. However, afewevents
ace utterly unlikely,

‘The first isan armies Cainite response wo the
invasion, Most vampires just don't get. that
worked up about war, especially not the medi-
eval kind. It is very easy for a creature of the
pawerage Cainire's power to avoid any war it
wishes co, and armies generally operate by day.
As a general nule, the only vampires who get
involved in hostilities are those who haye some:
thing to gnin or lose from that war. Even when
that is the case, they ace more likely to operate
behind che scenes.and on the outskirts than
form part of any fighting force.

Just a6 unlikely i unified Cainite respnnse
to the invasion, Vampires ate a fractious bunch,
Only a few clans act in unison on any matter,
and even those few fight amongst themselves
most of the time- A broad coalition of clans to
tepel the Mongol invaders is likely only to oecur
in onder for mischief makers to stir up trouble in
the coalition members' homelands while they
ate away concocting. hartle plan

‘The final event is the least likely of all: a
response by one or more Antediluvians. Think
of all of the invasions of Europe the
Antediluvians did not stop over the last 8000
years. Why would they care about this one in
purticular? Unlessit is yourplarthut the Mongols
are the harbingers of Gehertna —a fine plan! —
the Ancediluviins are likely te sitaply remains in
stony torpor, oblivious t0 the chavs above,

clan keep the onrushing armies' presence a secret
from their Ventrue and other allies until the Mongols
cross the Volga, by which rime it is too la

Knights, scholars and artists of the Toreailor do
nat receive visions of the horde until fur larer than
their eastern brethren; the Toreador are few in num
beras fur eastas Hu "olish principalities

Knicuts oF Propuecy

And sate, and behold a white horse: andl he
this sat om him had o bows anu u crown was jiven
unto him> and he went jorth conquering, and ta
songuer.
— Revelitions 6:2

‘The Caifite Order of the Bitter Ashes
(see The Ashen Knight) has possession of a
severed human hiead that periodically spouts
Prophecy. Inthe au

Khan by the kurliat he gathers, the head
speaks, in Hebrew, several chapters of the
Bible; most notably Revelarjons 6,

The Order is somewhat stumped by this
chanting: several elder members of the group
<¢38¢ Out with oracular abilities of their own,
They learn of the rise of the Mongol armies in
the Far East, bur have liteleability (or,
deed, desire) t act against them until they
come to threaten the order'sown holdings, In
the meantime, one Grail Knight and his en
tourage is aceigned to quest eastward t9

discover the truc extent and nature of the
barbarian menace,

Fortunately, the Artisans tend to prey upon mortals
living in Western Europe, and the coming invasion

dor, thied- and fourth-hand, that word of che coming

invasion trickles through the C
Poland and Hungary.

Malkavians have plenty of visi
the Auspex talent they share with the clan
through their own madness. Chios intrudes into
Malkavian souls much as death does into the souls of
the Cappadocians, and the Mongols t
ward. The Macimen's visions are often much less
comprehensible than those of members of other clans,
of course. Even when visions are airily cl

any have agendas much as any other vampire:

the Madmen are as likely to use portents. of great

popula


invasion for their own purposes as they are to spread
the we the Matkavians do spread the
word, th ared. [ess no berter a time to
be a Malkavion than any other

Lastly,
minent dat

caste among Clin Assamite senses im-
et to Alamut itself from the Mongol
Horde: though the steppe raiders. are only mott
tens of thousnds of them ride across the pl
Ancient plans to improve the magical concealment
of the true Alamut go into action; the Mongols'
attention is diverted to the mortals' Alamut.

Tur GoLben Horpe

In 1236 a force of'some 60,000 warriors (along
with accompanying wives, children, and slaves) sets
it westward from Karakorum. It takes a few n
to teach the Vola River, the traditional
boundary of the Russian principalities, There the
Mongols find che capital of the old Bulgar kingdom.
Tired and eager from months of travel, che horde sets
upon Bolgar like locusts on awheat field; in on!
days, the city Is burned to the ground and its inhab-
itants killed, enslaved or roured. Batu allows many
refugees to escape; this is the same strategy that
Genghis Khan u ‘against Xixiaand
the Khwarasm, There, the Great Khan nearly de-
stroyed Ut wough relugees escape tospread
the word thar Genghis Khan of the Mongols was a
monster who would surely destroy your city and kill
your familiesif you did not do precisely as he asked. In
this way, the horde conquers many cities without
loosing an arrow,

Batu vise this tactic in Russia with
moderat les of the destruction of Bolgar
spread as far as Novgorod in a matter of weeks; while
they do so, the horde slides southwest along the
Volga. Unlike the nations further west, Russia is a
collection of loosely allied principalities; few princes
are willing to throw their own armies onto the field to
fic for another's ity. Ay a result, even those cities
thot de fight ane easily defeated.

Mongol forces ford the Volga south of Ryazan;
there it appears that the town's nobility has not
learned the lesson of Bolzar and a weeklong sieve
ensues, punctuated by a of looting and rape as
the city'sdefenders are sl id Subetai
tepeat this theme with slight variations in Moscow,
Viadimic, Chemigow and Kiev b

dozens of spies westward; they easily conceal chem-
selves amos
pass thei

Princes oF Russia.

‘Oftheeisiesthe Mongolssack, only Nowgornd
‘istarge: h for Cainites te give real consider
ation, and: ulation i under 25,000.
Neverthelessjeach ofthe major éitieshasan aged
‘Cainite prince,' Most of them hail from Clan.
Teimiece ot Clan Ventrues though Gansrel and
Assainices are common in the area, few of either
clan wish to stand 9 prince for long.

‘The Russian ofthis era are the worst
kind of ‘Galnitey cach has doscis of
‘schemes in place aimed at stymicing che others'
plang agains hin ine in a six-way etertil
stalemate, none is willing to cake action as the
Si egos tine dediag secant
sumes thit rumors of invading barbarians) arc
"simply the work of one of his counterparts; they
all fanthe embers of rumor intoflainessud pani,
but none teuvesther haven or allocates her ce:
‘sourcesany differently than shebad kefore. When
‘the Mongols do finally arrive, Cainites react in
many Way, flee, ae fight, isn
other attcmpt to co-opt Anyader co their
‘own ends, The Russian princes, their minds all
"butfrozen andunable torcacttochangingevents,
continue to administer their eities us though
‘phere were no Invoders, This leads to theirswilt
destruction; several ire dubletited by hungry

| Andi and their allies while others ure trapped in
bring buildings or otherwise sfain by horsemen,
rampoging through their cities,

The great cities of Ruisia thereby become
rounds for competition among ambitious young

Vampres AMONG THE HORDE
As mentioned above, the Anda encounter distant
celarives in che form of Russian and Islamic €
when the Great Khan's empire sp
early in the [3th century. These
descend from several great lineages, and many of
them Embrace childer from among the conquering
Mongols, either out of curiosity, novelty ora desire to
infiltrate the horde
Numerically, the Anda dominate the Cainites of
the horde. Their clan weakness (which forces them to
remain on the move) keeps them from physically
dominating the other Cainites by establishing. do:
bur they ate most f th Mongol culture
id casily blend ds. At least one of


throughout his life, Anda ride with the horde because
is, theirherds) doseiarbecause they wish

et world.

Wu

expands west

their camps (tl
nee th

10 also Join the Golden Horde as it
i in the hopes of using the de:

tactic more than a few ti

they share feeding stock are not anxious to extend aid
to those who have helped their Wan Kuet enemies
and purge the horde of three-cyed predacors when-
ever they enn

The Gangrel first encounter the Galden Hordeas
irerossesthe Volga into Russia; that great river serves
ava tegendary gate eo Hell for many Gangrel, and

ast avoid its far bank when they can, The ancient
ire! wartior Arnulf, who long ago rode with the
jongnu (whom Rome called the Huns), stands wait-
ing for the Mongols as they approach. Finally, one
night Arnulf emerges from the eround to find himself
surrounded by an enormous, festive gatherings untold
numbers of horses and more than one hundred thou-
sand men make camp within Russia, Over a few
snths. Arnulf and half a dozen of his clansmen
Embrace at least a dozen Mongols

Clan Raynos has.a few members inthe horde as
well. Though che Clan's core population is in India,
Rownos survive well in cities further north su

imarkand, When the horde moves through that
great city, then, it picks u
4 few Mongol Ravnos neonates. The Ravnos do not
howe a set agenda regarding the invasian; they regard
the horde itvelf, vast thoving city, to he sufficiently
interesting to keep their attention. Exploration and
investigation of the state of affats in Europe igure
into this ac well

Assamites remain among the shattered kingdoms

hwaraam and (ts descendants and allies even
after the Mongol hammer falls. A few Assamites latch
onto the ever-growing horde when its Mongol mas
tors press Persians into services either as front
warriors or slave labor. The Assamites are nti
part of the Golden Horde, and, like the Ravnos, they
have no interest in conquest,

When the Mongols raid Russia, sacking and burn-
ingher cities, they displace afew Ventrue and Trimisce
warlords who lived in the Motherland's borders, For
the most part, Russian Tzimisce are stuck in their
home principalities, and Raiya ltonhammer, for in-

inflicts the terrible Tsimis

are trapped in Russia for all their days. And Raiya
Ironbimmer is not the cruelest

ia, Ventrue have it somewhat eusier, though i Is
certainly the case that in the early days of the six-
reenth century, a few Venerue anciliae enter torpor
who were previously only able to feed o

the Golden Horde.

Wan Kuei of the Black Tortoise Court also ride
westward with the horde, and th tures pose the
greatest mystery and challenge ty Western Cainites
who investigate the horde's hidden politics and con-
ict, The Black Tortoise Court and tts denizen
detailed in Chaprer Tw
best in World of Darkness: Blood & Silk. Three wi
{the equivalent of coteries) of Black Tortoise Wa
Kuet ride westward: the Valiant Archers, the Dr
Ember and the Silver Blade Horsemen

INVASION

at's army is prepared 40 invade

150,000 warriors. Many of those

tly subjugated Qipchags: others are Russian
slavecor other eanquered peoples, and af en

Cantre AGENpas
The ‘Arnull rides with the forces ot
Bary an Shea as thoy che fren er
ropes | i, is
pede ile be) rer vex pectin:

way of life s the only way for mortals and
‘Cainites to exist; he considers the cities of Europe
aan intsule by their very existence. Amulf and his
brood plan to use the Golden Horde as a tool to
‘accomplist his gon),

Batu and Subetai have different plans, of
‘conutse: They wish only ta subjugate the sedentary
feoples: Jextracttax revenue. Subetat
‘aware of the attempts at supernatural manipula-
Hon ofhisnephow'sarmy;t! he istno magician,
he is a cunning warrior and skilled politician. He
subverts Amulfsplans, reinforcing hisown army's
"motivations for making this crip: Tot destruction,
ut conquest:

‘The Anda who ride with) Baru's army have
simpler desires than Amulfs, They, want new:
serritory; they are very curicusabout their western
Peis =, Maes more "hala vet ee

leasure in hunting and war. They are able to find
ir three as the Golden Hordecaters Europe.

{Fotos nifccumationy ineldirnsyame yeatin~
tics on Arnulf, see Tranyylvania by Night.)


their khan. This is
red people fight on

behavior: Sub
both so that ¢
they are the m
the khan, Over the
0,000 soldters

acer of 1240-41,
» invade Hungary
erat divide thy
s for the invasion of Western Europe
plenty of we:
id their greate:
ns will unite under as
These feats are

They have tak

wading Russia, concern is that

against then
hur in 1241 the M
slingly, Batusends a body of 20,000 m

nfounded, of
Is cannot know that

arrmies and keep them from coming to Hungary's aid,
hians to attack
10,000 led by
ihrough the Tihuta
dur and Kaidu, the
up sent toattack Poland, defeat the
mani Empire
beyond anyone

himself, passes
Hungary directly. A
Ogadei's grandson Qudan is

into Transy

Polish princes,
other forces of the Holy R
to Bela'sakd. They:s

Batu complicates matters for the Hungarians by
using their shelter of the Qipchags as his presnise for
invasion. He demands thar Rela st
enemies or he
sends heralds throughout th
swords, the traditional symbol of
Batu expects, however, the nobility of Hu
up against the Qipchaqs: Archduke Frederick
tria has Khan Khoyran assassinated during a riot it
Buda, and 200,000 Qipchag refugees rant h
ward along the Danube ing the Hung
from the great herde looming ta the eas

Europe's ANSwer
The European response to the "Tartit™ invision
is fraginented and without central coordination; de
mperar Frederick's command that all kings and
princes must aid against the coming of the kar
panicked or selfish monarchs keep their troops hem
to defend their lands against the Tartars (apparently
called such asa pun on the words Tatar and Tartarus,
ot Hell).
Some feudal lords do send troops eastward, how-
ever. King Wenceslas of Bohemia sends 50,000 m
nd; Henry the Pious of Silesia has


knights, Teutonic Knights and footmen raised up
from Silesia and the German town of Goldberg. And
King Louis IX of France makes preparations to travel
cast, though there is no indication that he ever does $9.
The fighting begins in earnest early in March of
1241, ax Baidar and Kaidu take 20,000 men north
around the Carpathians into Poland white Batu and
Subeeai wait a dey or two and then push the main
body, some 50,000 men, into Hungary. Qudin tikes
10,000 of those southward toward the Tihuta pass to
center Transylvania. Before any part of the main body
enters Hungary, idor and Kaidu win o bortle at
Krakow, routing Polish and Slavic troops there. On
March 12, the split parts of the main body cross
through the Carpathians; they have yet to see any
veal resistance to their movements.
On Monday, March 18, Baidar and Kalda rout
another Polish army at Chmelniek, and on Palm
six days later, they sack and burn Krakow.
d Kaidu have only 20,000 men, but by the
rch. they have defeated a combined total of
more than 190,000, The Mongol commanders, how.
ever, know they have to find Duke Heney's main
fores, and quickly, for Wenceslas' $0,000 men are
tanly two days' march away from their current posi-
tion, Henry, meanwhile, has no iden of Wenceslas'
proximity, and begins to worry chat the Mongols may
be reinforced any day. He chooses to meet them on
the plain of Wahlstadt, outside Liegnits
Only Polish national pride dignifies the massacre
at Wahlstadr with the name "battle." The Mongol
force hus only 20,000 wen; compared w 30,000 Eure
s, Yet coughly 25,000 Europeans — 5
6 —die ar Wahlstadt. The Teutonic
Knights and Knights Templar prefer to fight with
Tance und swor helt cavaley
charges against the highly mobile, missile-bearing
Mongols meee with little success and often result in a
ripid encirclement: Mongol warriorsshoor the heavily
armored knights' horses out from under them and
then assault che knights with arrows until they are no
more, The European troops in the battle luck disci-

pline: Overeager knights and footmen swiftly pursue
Mongol wiuindtawal uneil is becuase all sou ubvivus

that itis a feint. Once again, the European soldiers
find themselves cut off, surrounded, and can only
hope death comes swiftly

The Mongols prove to be an unstoppable farce.
King Bela'sarmies march out of Buda and Pese the day
of the slaughter of Henry's armies, and they face Batu
and Subetai's main body around a day and a half later.
Bela has roughly 70,000 men, compared to the
Mongols! 40,000 orso. They meet at the Sajé River;

the Mongols control the only bridge over it, which
Bela's men retake. Subetai directs about half of the
Mongol force northward to a fords they cross it aral
southward, eneircling the Hungarian forces in
akillingfield. With che coordinated effarts of Mongols
‘on both sides of the Sajé, some 50,000 Hungarian
soldiers die. Bela himself escapes to Austria
Not longafter the battle of the Sajé River, Qadin's
forces meet back up with the main body, having
burned and pillaged their way through Moldavia and
‘Transylvania. Baidar and Kaidu return as well, and
Batu's force pushes its. way srill further west. By the
end of summer, the Mongol horde is less than 100
niles from Vienna; they camp for the winter on
Hungarian plain, some of them as far west as Dalmatia
on the shores of the Adriatic. Everywhere the armies
40, the stories are the same: Stunning defeat ufter

stunning defeat strikes the forces of Europe.

Wirkprawat,

In Decembér of 1241, the Golden Horde receives
word that Ogadei Khan has died, Though the horde is
camped across Hungary and Austeia for the winter at
this point, Batu decides that with the spring thaw the
army will return to Karakorum so that he might
properly lay in his claim to become the next khagan.
In February 1242, they retreat to the Qipchag Steppe
beyond the Russian frontier

Ogadei Khan's death in Karakorum proves a god
send for the arniies of Europe. No army of substa
lay between the Mongol frontier in Dalmatia and

even if one did, the Mongols h
peatedly bested che strongest armies Hungary and
Poland could field. It is possible thar the Holy Roman
Empire and France might stall Batu's advance if they
worked in unison, but they were unlikely
Additionally, their forces were best trained in the
tactics that the Hungarian army found so
dangerously ineffective ar Liegnit:. Without a near
miracle, surely all Europe would have had to pay
allegiance to faraway Karakorum. Ogadei's death turns
our to be the answer to all Europe's prayers,

SUNSET ON EMpIrRE

Ogadei's death punctuates grand period in Mon:
gol history: Never again will the succession of the
empire be simple and uncontested, nor will the four
adus ever act as complete allies in. And with the
invasion of Europe, the Cainites of the Far East
receive incontrovertible proof that they ate kin to a
greater breed; they cinnot quite reconcile theit own
tales of their origins with those told by those of the
‘West, but that seems relatively minor point of debate.

EMPIRE OF THE WORLDCONQUEROR


Tue Dear or Ocane

TotheCainitesof Europe, the death of Qgadei
Rhan és all too convenient. Bani Khan's armies
‘stopped their advance les thin « hundred miles
from Vienna already 0 Tremere stronghold. [cis
as thougls the Mongols syere conjured up for the
sole purpose of tig destmuctively through
Trimiiceand edsten Ventrue kinds. Few Cainites
— especially those-of an eastern vintage — be-
liewe that Oundet's death comes by typhus or old
inge. [ty fact, many Cainites believe that the story
infabricared to persuade Batu to vetteat.

Amonwthedunliving, cheories about Ogadet's
‘sain abound. The Assamites ace perennial
‘eandiddaresto commir uch acrime. Assassination
Iscertainly 4 talent of theits, and their homeland
bundersiege by the Mongol forees, bur the ring
ofthe death seems tou linked to affair in Eurdpe:
The Gangrelor their mortal allics could make the
trip © Karakorum, but they do not appear to haye
a motive for killing Ogadei. The Tremere have
the motive, and of course they have the mystical
ineans to commit such a deeds the hand of the
Unurpers is the favored theory. And although the
Nentrue of Hungary. and the Trimisce of
Transylvania and Moldavia enact schemes.
‘swiftly evict the new conqueron, even they can-
faot prove that it woiy their machinations: that
struck Ogadet down.

In the end, the vampitesio€ Europe know no
solid facts, save that Oyadei Khan is dead, appar-
‘eitly by natural causes, and that roo many benefie
from his death for a killer t6 beobvious. In truth,
the Lape Hikelihood is that a fondness forguanis

'sdeath and succession, the empire's
split into four "brother khanates" becomes somewhat
more pronounced. When Ogadei was alive, it was
clear that each khanate was subervient to the ereater
empire; one of Genghis Khan's four sons (or his heir)
riled each khanate, and all four knew thar the royal
family itsell pire. They saw themselves
merely as care
this tradition slowly dis

Immediotely after th
pire falls into ts first period of politi
Ogadet was Genghis! handpicked st
his ascension to the throne was never in doube
However, Ogndei's handpicked successor, his g

WIND FROM THE EAST

son Shit iS not a serious candidate for the
throne contender, instead, is Ogader's son.
Guyuk, Shiramon'suncle. Guyukistheson of Ogadel's
wile Tomigana and in the months between Oyadel's

th and the return of the other major rulers af the
Empire, Toragana ets as regent

Toragana is regent for four years, during which
time she arranges Guyuk's con
tenders to the throne ate
fresh from battle across the new Qipchag Khana
and Temuge, aged brother of Genghis Khan

The kuriltai is bony d contentious, Bat Khan
feigns illness rather than attend; he becomes keenly
aware that he is-not likely to acquire the khaga'
throne, but he does wring some concessions out of the
kurilta. Guyuk fmally become' khagani, accepting the

two keep it in his bloodline.

Guyuk is something of a tyrant from the perspec

‘of his fellow princes. He does his best to stamp out
the independence that isthe hirehrightof the rulets of
the other four main ulus, In just two short years,
Guyuk's demands for obedience lead him and Batu
Khan to hatsh words and neatly «

march on one another
only Guyuk's death from hard drink and exhaust
on the road that keeps an outright civil war from
A bloody coup follows Guyuk's death his

In Apritiof 245, Pope Innocent IV sends the
‘anciscan friar Clievannide Plano Carpint from
[Lyons with letters to the Great Khan, exhorting
him and his nation to become Christians and
‘keivilized people no more. The friarreaches

iri. a year later, where Barn Khan accepts him

Aguest ind agrees wo have him escorted to the
mesenice of the Grear Khan himself.

Carpini arrivesin Karakorum by July of 1246,
‘The friur got a chunce to witness the hiriltai that
elected Guyuk is Hhagan, and describes Guyuk
Khan'as being../of middle height, very wise,
astute, seriogs and most grave in his ait and
Although Guyuk and imany_of his s
Advisors are Nestorian Christians — Curpini wit
nesses at least bne Nestorian Mass while in
‘Raraloruni — the Great Khan's response to In-
nocent IV is nit what the Pope expects. The
fohagani staves that Innocent, along with, all the
Kings and nobles of Europe, should travel ro
Karakorum and pay him homage, as hey Guy; is
tuler of thegwutld by the-taandace of Eternal
Heaven:


i's line on the chrone, but
Batu Khan and rhe descendants of Tolui Khan coop:
erate to get Tolul's grandson Mangke into place as
Emperor. Many eligible men descended from
Chaghatai and Ogadei die in this coup — so many in
all furure Mongol Emperors descend from

Tolui's family.

Mongke ie more than capable emperor. After
the problems of Guyuk's short reign, Mongke is seen
as the savior of the Empire. He rules for about nine
years, during which tme he returns much of the
autonomy previously knawn hy the princes of the fou
udus. He owes his throne to Baru Khan, and because
of char debt, Batu's Qipehag Khanate is virtually an
independent state, though it does nod to the author-
ity of the throne-ar Karakorum. Mongke Khan is a
Nestorian Christian, but he is tolerant of Buddhisey
and Muslims and has little respect for Papal author-
ity; in one famous letter to King Louis IX of France he
writes, "There is bur one God in heaven, and on earth

‘reign: Genghis Khun, son of God."

After a 1253 kurta, Mangke sends his brother
Hulegu westward to conquer the Islamic lands of
conquer Song China, His third brother, Ariq-boke,
Mony s close at hand to rule over the ulus
closest to Karakorum, Batu finally dies in the middle
af Mongke's reign; his own son takes over the vast
Golden Horde, but no longer is it theindependententity
seen under the reign of the grear Bana,

Persia

The catalyst for Hulegu's army to march west-
ward 15 the arrival of more than 400 envoys from the
Ismailis bent on murdering the Great Khan, That
plot ix exposed before the murderers can act, but te:

ecbate marters, the Great Khan receives a letter

a judge living near the Ismaili bastion of Aluh
Amut, begging for aid against the Ismailis. Hulegu
socks Aluh Amut in 1256 and p: les the young
Grand Master of the Ismaili sect from castle to castle
throughout the area, enabling his troops to make
several conquests without an arrow shot, Eventually,
to conquer lands as far west as Ain Jalut in Galilee,
where the Mamluk armies of Egypt deal out one of the
worst defeats of the Mongol Empire. In the end,
Hulegu carves out a sizable swath of southwest Asia,
and after Mongke's death in 1259, he and his heirs
tule thar . calling it the [khanate.

Kapil KHAN

Mongke assigns his brother Kublai, always. a
enviable task of conquering Song.

tain fortressstormed by the Mongol in 1256is not,
in fact, the home of Clan Axsamite. As described
‘in Libellus Sanguinus IIs Wolves at the Door,
the Asenmnices! mortal brethren in tho Ismaili sect
ive ia mountain fortress called Aluh Amuc that
4s but'a shadow of the Assamites' own fortress.
‘However, many vampiresdoride with Hulegu's
anny ws it marches. through Persia. Some are he:
Teticil Assamites, Jong since binished from the
bes ee ete a Caterchee
wvnos clans. Many of ¢! a piercing curr
oi Plantes seduuteAuiie nate
rafter che conquest of I, a Ravnos
‘fuimed Jalal makesa good deal of money sellinythe
‘uc location of Alamut to any who can afford his
price. And, centuriesifter this, when the founders
‘of the Camarilla send coterie after coterie out in
search of A lamut, several of these groups contain

Gangrl whowerealong when the Mongolssacked
emt Amerson: oo

China. This is no sinecure: Since the Mongols' co
questa of the Jin and Xixia during the life
Khan, the front wich Song China has be
less drawn at the River. Although the
tiors of the Song are no match for the Mongols,
lands south of the Yangrze are more h
grown, and so much harder on cavalry, than the
northern reaches of the Middle Kiny
astalemate reigns until the kurileai of 1253, wherein
Kublai receives the mandate to canquer the ancient
empite of the sont.

Mongke himself runs this im
isKublai who draws

sion in name, but i

ny cases cowi
into submission i

Song comes to a halt with the death ¢
1259; at char point the Mongol Empire de
into two primary warring factions. It is only the gre
damage the Mongols have already done and the in
competence of the Song leadership that prevent the
Chinese from launching a great counterattack against
Mongol holdings during this period.

‘The two Mongol factions — one led by Mongke's
brother Atiq-boke and the other by Kublai — repre

EMPIRE OF THE WORLD-CONQUEROR


sent# philosophical divide among the conquerors as
much as they do u political one. Ariq-Boke's faction,
contered on Karakorum, is comprised mostly of
Mongols who wish to retain. anomadicsteppe lifestyle;
eve a fierce, stern warrior like the Genghis
J should tule the empire. Ariq-boke and his
e that sedentary softness will inevitably
dco the destruction of the empire Genghis for

Kublai's faction, by contrast, believes that there bs

something to be said for sertled civilisatio

ey did not have a written Language
until they conquered a people, the Uighurs, who had
one already
Ariq-boke and Kublai cach declare their own
kurittai though Arig-boke doesso first, both rulersare
in violation of the laws of Genghis Khan, which state
that any kuriliat muse wait for the hereditary rulers of
each of the four ulus of the empire to arrive, Each
kurittai declares its own sponsor the true and proper
ruler of the Mongol Empire; chus armed with hypoe-
iy, the two factions march onto the field of battle
Kublai emerges victorious; though Arig-boke has
thesupportofmore Mongol nobles, Kublai his hare
hardened crops fresh from the fighting in China.
The civil war lists four years, aud when it is over,
Kublai has his brother imprisoned uncil his death,
Kubla is then ile to turn his attention back 40 Song China.
onyt China, however, is a tough nut to erack,
even for the Mongol strmtes. The Mangols spend
thitteen years (from 1227 to 1240) conquering the
Sichuan regi ina herself is' simp
conducive to invading cavalry, After Kublai defeats
boke, his armies need thirty-six years more to
the remainder of China proper. In the end,
rrain of southern China stymics them, but the
af the Chinese imperial navy,
throws its support Kublat's way at the last
minute, insures their success: The turncoats help
defeat the last vestige of the Song Dynasty, and the
imperial throne is Kublai's, Not until 1276. does
Kublai conquer che Song "visteing capital" at Lanan,
and resistance to his rule persists in the hinterlands
for a few years after that
ublit asambirious; even while subjugating Song:
he stages attacks against Nihon, Ko
Java and other satellite nations of the
ainst Nihon both fail disastrously,
due to storms and high wind thar the Nihonjin refer
the divine wind. Some Mongols do
sof Nihon in both these attacks,
bur due to heavy casualties in the storm, they cannot

WIND FROM THE EAST

subve

muster up the slightest defense, and the Nihonjin
swiftly dispatch them. Naval assaults against Juva fall
similarly; Mongols are not cut out for fighting from
the sea. Kublai's armies also find failure in the jungle
kingdoms of the south; between the foreign terrain
and the elephant-mounted troops of Khmer and
‘Annam, they are swiftly repulsed and make few in:
roads anuthurard
Kublai is a strong, talented empetuir af Chi

However, that skill does not translate to retaining the
loyalty of rebellious nc the north, Quid,

1 succeseor £0 Ariq-boke, leads the rebellion
against Kublai's rule, and though Kublai
Great Khan in name, by his death it isobvious th
true authority lies only. wi
Middle Kingdom,
ame a

china). While he is obviously a barbarian con-
queror, and therefore unpopular among his new
subjects, for the most part Kublai leuves his subjects!
daily lives alone. Landowners retain their holdings,
for the most parr; to them, the only difference is the

ame of the emperor whose taxes they complain about

| Black Tortoie Gourt responds violently to this
Violation ofits territory ~ no doubt urged onward
"by the true aksma among its members — and for
(ore @ Year, a vicious Shadow War rages
fveen those two August Courts.
‘As if this wasn't bad enough for the Court of
the Black Torroise,a pack of Cainites, led by Anda
‘bac consisting of several difterent, clans, descends
[upon one of the: twice-monthly mectings of the
court in lite spring of 1261. While che western
vampires do precious lithe damage to the elders of
-eouirt, several eu sifierlossesduring theasswule,
is leads the Black Tortoise to a comprehensive
search -and-destroy sweep through Dad and sew.
etal other northem cities, and causes. yampites
‘detos the north to carry themselves with consiler-
ably more care and wariness for a time-


Kublai erects two new capitals to move the court
and and out of Linan: the town at Daidu is
P id built up to support a formal capital,
which will one day be called Beijing, and Shangdu,
Kublat's base of power in Mongolia, becomes the
"summer € Marco Polo, a European,
Lin Daidu, and brings Euro

peans wondrous tales of his travels

Tue Sawn Sets

Kublai is truly the last of the Great Khans; none
ol successors is particularly memorable or gifted.
When he dies in 1294, his grandson Temur takes the

throne, and rules competently and peacefully —eyen
if not brilliantly — for thirty years. However, aftor

Temur's death, succession gets fas

d furious, with

around half a dozen ditferent emperors ruling in a
span of only a few years

Toghon Temur cakes the thrane in 1333, at the
age of 13. Like his immediate predece
terribly competent in the face of the
him. Unlike them, he ho
thirty years. But by the end y
reign, it is obvious that the
passed from him, The Yellow Ri
once, causing widespread fami
ing about one of the worst pl:
When the Ming Chinese ri
march on the imperi pital
Toghon Temur is killed in 1368, and the Mongol
Empice lies in ashes. Karakorum stands for «
time longer, but it is sacked and nothing but a few
stones are left stacked by the end of 1385.

ats, he is not

reat task before

‘of Heaven hus
flookls more than
eand eventually being.

in recent memory

up in N



Ducing the fighting Genghis Rhan was hit
in the neck vein by an arcow, and unable to
stop the Ueceding, he began to lose steenath.
At sunset he had to minke bis bed where he'd

fallers, so close to the enenm) that thes slept
side by side Jeline watched ovee hit, suck oY
and sucking the Hood from his wound until
eline's mouth and chin were stained witty
Genghis's Uood

Seow Che Secret Gictory of the Wlorigola


ON MONGOLS AND
‘VAMPIRES

The precipitous rise of the Mongol Empire is
among the best examples of the distance that
separates vampires — Cainite and €
from the affairs of mortals, To the ane
the entire Mongol era seems like # mete moment,
blink to their torporous eyes. Yet in this mere
moment, empires topple, cities burn, countless die
orare displaces, aud stall tribe of steppe nomads
quite literally conquers the world. To say that the
elders and ancestars are taken by: surprise is an
understatement. This instance of mortal dyna
mism — ulready alten to the powers of the night —
ss all the more astonishing because it comes from
an area and people very much unsuited for
vampiric infestation.

In Europe and China, the kings and emperors
tule from cities and castles, They are sedentary,
open to influence and entreaties, and surround
themselves with a convenient food supply of cour
iors and peasants. All very useful to the vampiric

nipularor. The Mongols are nomads inhabiting
# semi-arid steppe area with 9 very low density of
convenient human enacke, Until they conquer

everyone before them, they uke extremely unat-
tractive vampiric feeding stock

Only small groups of night-dwellers make their
homes on the steppe ftom the beginning, existing

largely hidden from each other. The most promi-
nent are the Wan Kuci of the Black Tortoise
Court, but even they have relatively little pres-
ence in the true Mongol homeland, Only a rare
sffshoot of the Gangrel, known as the Anda, see
the Mongols as their stock. Other rare vampiric
winitors do frequent the steppe, however, including
thie lost orphans of Saulor, the so-called Wa Zao,

Of course, once the Mongols become a world-
shaking power, the number of vampires interested
in them soars. Like flies toa carpe
Cainices and Cathayans stream toward a new cen-
ter of power. And as the Mongol Empire stretches
further and further, it unknowingly swallows up

nd more blood-drinkers.

ambitious

WIND FROM THE EAST

HE SCIONS OF
CAINE

As the Mongol Empire expands under the rule
of Genghis Khan and his children and geandchil-
dren, it intrudes into territory inhabited by the
descendants of Caine. Nearly every Cainite clan
grants the curse toat least one Mongol; some clans
end up with a large presence in the empire, while
others keep their distance from the khunates
Fissarres,

The traditional homelands of the Children of
Hagim become putt of the empire fairly early on;
Genghis Khan's conquest of rhe Khwarszm. cer-
tainly impacts the eastern reaches of Saracen
territory. The warrior caste of the clan refuses to
Embrace Mongol outsiders just as it refuses to
select Christians, but the other two sees feel no
such prohibition, Mongol and Qipchag Assamites
who are made viziers or sorcerers are umung the
fiorcest fighters in their respective castes. Most
retain a preference for their homeland and che
steppe and drift out of Assamite clin politics,
which proves to be a boon in coming centuries.
Basu

Although the Bali have spread out to lands all
around the Mediterranean, their heartland lies
between che Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, in the
Abbasid Caliphate and Persia; itis these lands that
are conquered and become part of the Ikhanate in
the 13th century. Much of the fighting between,
the Mamluk Sultanate and Mongol Ilkhanate takes,
place on battlefields subtly corrupted by Baal vatn-
pires. However, the Baali do not venture much
farther east; they speak fearfully of great, long-

ing beasts in the earth of the far steppe. Many

especially those Embraced within the last

century orso— believe that Genghis Khan and his

tribes are incarnation of Gog or Magog from the

the Mongol armies in the hopes of partiespating in

the coming apocalypse (and often come to a bud

others fervently invoke the forces of

ping to learn whether their role is to

ride with the horde oF to subvert mortal civiliza-
tion from within.


Brain
Some Zealot elders see the Mongol Empire as
their chance to rebuild European society and cre-
ate anew Carthage; they travel to Hungary, Poland
and Russia in the wake of rhe invasions there in
the hopes of setting down a new order, In doing so,
they come into conflict with the Slavicand Magyar
idy present inn such ures, as well as
Mongols who remain on the Russian
steppe after the empire withdraws from Europe.
The clan's elders approve of the pragmatism of the
Mongols sind the Catnites assoctated with them,
and those who seek out fierce warriors to serve as
bodyguard ghouls of neonates may well find what
they search for here
Cappapocians
The Graverobbers make up only a miniscule
fraction of the Mongol population; so more than
# handful of Cappadocians grant the Embrace to
the nomads of the steppe. Those few that spend
their unlives within the empire travel into the
areat cities of Persia, there to study pre-Islamic
magics and tales of the underworld. However, some
‘appadocians travel through Mongol territory in
the late days of Genghis Khan's life. The Great
Khan and his armies are responsible for some of the
/eatest scenes of mass death in the history of the
h locations are naturally appealing to
And in later
bloodline of the Cappadocia
will make on appearance at Kublai Khan's ea
in Shangdu

Foiwow

or Ser
In-ancient days the Serites deliberately chose
to ignore the Far East and the Asian plain. The

was too vast, too sparsely populated and too
far under the sway of mysterious Asian vampires
for them to weave their web of corruption and
secret hatred in that direction just yet. As the
Mongol Empire arises, however, it hecomes clear
to the clan's elders thor thelr time.co expand Into
Asia may have come sooner than expected, For the
time heing, they concentrate on retaining hold of

¢ traditional homeland. The Setites will later

im that they were instrumental in the hutele of
Ain Jalur, in which the Mamluk Sultanate hands
the Mongol Empire its first substantive loss. The
Manuluks' heavy cavalry decisively outfights Mo
gol light and medium cavalry ac chat bartle;

the Followers of Set claim that they alone knew
the battle was coming, and placed the right people
where they needed to be in order to preserve Jecusa
Jem. The Lasombra, among others, refute this clai
GANGREL

Clan Gangrel is known for its tertitor
its desire ty remain on the fringes of mort
ety. This gives two general respanses to the rise of
the empire, Many Animals quite rightly sce the
Mongol armies as unwelcome invade
hest they can ta stall che hai
the nomiuls off their territory. By contrast, others
choose to travel alongside the army, feeding from
ir and enjoying the chaos its passage creates. This
duality leads to a fracturing of
decades, until the Mongol Erapir.
settle down into predictability,

Gangrel are the first western vampires to meet
the Anda, and the kinship berween the two groups
is obvious from the outset. The two groups treat
each other much ax long-los there
is brief celebration, and then, for the most prt
the groups go back co their nightly unlives, Most
Anda are unwilling to "join" Clan Gangeel, a
none of them can claim territory in rhe typical

Jangrel fashion due cw their bloodline's cutse of
constant mobility

Lasompra
The Magisters of Europe are creatures of cities
rasites on the Church of Rome. Ihe Mongol
invasion primarily impaces them through its efiecr
on the Church — Pope Gregory IX marshals the
orces of Christianity co uttempt to drive off the
unbelievers, but in large part fails. Despite this
and Gregory's death after the Mongols re
1 to the steppe, the papacy emerges from the
conflict with a stronger position vis-a-vis the Holy
Roman Emperor than it had previously. The
Lasombra similarly emerge on hetter grounds than

the Ventrue of the empire. Even given that, for the
mort pare, the Chrierian Laramkra auatd the great

Mongol. kh preferring 10 remain
where their influence serves them better. Many
Muslim Lasombra have little choice bur to face the
oncoming harde, which they see as a grave threat
to their power. In later years, the Magisters will
claim credit for the Mamluk's success in repelling
the Mongols, dismissing similar cln
Followers of Set

e clan for a few
and its khunaces

elarives do

ares of Anti

MONSTERS ON THE STEPPE


MALKAVIAN:

Generalizing the wetivity of Clan Malkavian
astern Europe and Asia is a fool's errand
me Madmen with fears of the city find the
aughttime steppe bracing and glorious. Others find
beauty in the chaas the Mongol army brings, much
as 1 child revels in watching a nest of ants after
Il. Few Matkavians nove out
onto the steppe itself, but many move into the
J cities of the empire and Embrace childer of

all stripes.

Nosreratu
As is the ¢

Nosferatu h

of record

kicking ower thei

With several other clans, the

ren present in the great cities of
nid various Isha
history. The

activity in most of these
cities does not change as the Mongols conquer
them — only the nature of theis prey is different
A surprisingly large number of eastern Nosferatu
were huncers themselves in life, echoing the leg-
ends of theit clan's founder. The only time the
Nosferatu have eal cause to worry is when the
Mongols actually destroy cities, as they do with
Kiev. In such cases, fire may

ce the monsters
from their hiding places during daylight, leading
to Final Death. Thankfully, the Nosferatu often
get a night or two of forewarning from their many

contacts in the human and anit
are able to

al kingdoms and
ike an escape.

The Ravnos embrace plenty of Mongols,
Qipchags and other nomadic peoples, but ly
they select those cast out by their own tribes,
Upon joining Clan Ravnos these outcasts find a
welcome family, eager teachers and pleasant times
most unlike those they experienced on the steppe.
lity of the ger draws Ravnos like

nec most of them have no respect for the
traditions or sanctity of the ger and are prone to

ost impolite actions while there. Heaven

The open hospi

2 in deer

Savupel

A Mongol Cainite who meets a vampire with
three eyes is fir more likely ro run for cover than
stay and try ro discern whether he's a Cathayan or
Cainite. A Cathayan means crouble, while a
¢ only prabably means trouble. Th
long-separated contingent of Salubri in the Far
East. Called the Wu Zao, they are Saulot's or-

WIND FROM THE EAST

phans: Ac this point the Wu Zao have no interest
in rejoining the remainder of the western clan
(For more on the Wu-Zao, see p. 54.) As far as the
western Salubri, some few of them do quest cast
ward during the height of the empire; mary

forever on the Silk Road while others learn of

castern philosophies thar bring chem closer to
restful enli

TOREADOR

Mongol areis generally very purposeful; it serves
ro ornament everyday tools or ix used to exult an
honored guest or noble of high station. Never:
theless, it is very attractive to many Tore
simply because it ts different from 2
rope or the Near East
impulses and takes different forms, and for the
jaded Toreador of Europe, thar difference is often
enough to spur a move east. European and Middle-
Eastern Toreador settle in major cities along the
Sill Road as far as Kashgar; at that point they ace
turned hack or attucked by the vampires of Cathay

Tremere

The Arub kingdoms of the Near East are
source of many mystical secrets; grand Baghdad,
mysterious Persia and golden Samarkand hide mag.
ies never dreamed of by western wizards. Until the
horde shakes things up by invading southwest Asia,
Assamite sorcercrs hold most of the magical s
erets of Araby. When the Mongols do begin cw
topple sultanates and caliphates, however, the
Tremere are able to make their move; experienced
Usurpets with small cabals of suitably circumspect
Arab neonates enter the cities of Islam and care
fully plumb their depths for wisardly artifacts and
mystic books. For the most parr, the Tremere avord
the rest af the Mongol Empire — Cathay is far too

weerous for them at this juncture — but do
occasionally hire muscle to destray errant Sulubri
who flee eastward,

T2IMIscE
Tzimisce vampires are not able to integ

themselves into Mongol society until that society
calms down and forms itself into an empire and,
later, the four khanates, Before chat time it is
extremely difficule for a Fiend to join any of the
roving tribes of the steppe; if she should live on the

eppe herself, she must hope thar mortals make
their way into her domain so that che may feed off
them, or she risks Final Death through starvation.
The shapeless undead lords suffer enormous losses

seen in

Ir comes from differe


arthe Mongols' handsas the horde rampages across
Slavic lands, Few Tsimisce grant the Embrace tc
Mongols; far more of them wage campaigns of
terre inst the invading armies that the in
dreds of Mongols in the Qipchaq
ibly at the hands of the Tzimisce;
more end up ax misshapen war slaves.
are badly shaken by the Mor
in the past, they cruly had little to fear
mortals and thei

Khanare di

hundred:
The T

in the war with the
ads wide open

als sack
the flesherafters a

ny ancient castle:
id their broods.

VENTRUE

Some Ventrue neonates, seat to the front by
their elders, die ar the hands of the invading
horde, and a few Russian Venrrue Princes die or
enter torpor as their cities ate sacked, Other younyt
Patricians forge vampiric estates of their own in
the western parts of the Mongol nation. This (
ditficulr forthe clan's: rs to do — none of them
hve a taste for Mongo! blood im particular, and

Id provide (such'as the-elder who needs blood
from blond, bluc-eyed young boys). But Ventrue
Embraced within the Empire con sully find sus

oles amon;

tenance there. Many enter leadership
the Cainites of theit cities or camps, as befits their
heritag

MINOR BLOODUN Ss
Enslaved Gargoyles only show interest in the
Mongol Empire insofar as their Tremere tasters
of Eastern Europe caus
chuos about the chantry of Ceoris thar
yoyles manige to escape their slavery and
m in the high mount
wt few jain ¢
hat smull clutches of free Gargoyles make
in the Hindu Kush and the Urals, but
‘xist; they leave so
g that the
The other minor bl
ith the Mongols. The Laibor
tent to remain in the great hidde!
south, althou ne wandering individuals doube
lessly feel
though the Lamia, the Cuppadocians'
lies, might find more
steppe — for gender
the: ew, ifany,
far tom

may as

cks of the great inva

yer the ch:
nccupie
brethren fei

their own missteps to jaunt inte
Asia on their own. The only Lamia to cross the
e are those who travel with q\
The Lhiannan have |
ongol Empire; their bloudline is an it
way to destruction by the time the Golden Horde
ad the Mongols' arrival forestalls
uily by a few years

with


AN

Long-lost cousins to the Gangrel, the Anda descend
from asingle Methuselah whomtheirlegendscall Dobrul
the Brave, The bloodline suffers a eurse that forces them
to wander the steppe, which makes them excellent
companions to their mortal herds among the Mangol,
Tatar and Merkid tribes. The Anda consider themselves
tw be spirit warriors of the steppe: they obviously need
not obey mortal laws, and they lack inast knowledge of
the Traditions of Caine. Accordingly, they have created,
acultute in unlife thatisazeftection of their mortal past,
The Anda fced panisitically on camps they ride with;
some adopt « protective stance regarding theit herd
while ochers feed oppoctunistically and abandon their
mortal companions whenever they wish.

The culture of the Anda is hah co the point of
brutality, as befits its steppe heritage. When an Anda
finds @ suitable candidate for the Embrace, he calls a
gathering, or kurttai, ofthe dead; nearby members of the
bloodline come together to discuss the candidate's
strengths and weaknesses. Should they deem her wor-
thy, asmall group of Andarip the mortal from hergerand,
take her mies from her home camp; this last is done so.
hac the sound of hetscreaming donot reach back toher
family. The Anda give the prospective vampire no
choice in the marter of the Embrace; the group kills het
without ever asking, They ritually hathe her in water
carried from the nearest river — the Mongols do not
sully their waterways with the filth of comes. but they
ddo clean the boxlies after death. From there, the "child"
vampire is largely on her own, She must succeed at a
variety of tests in order to be considered an adult; only

who watch her generally know the nature of
these tests, and quite often, the neonate does not even
know thar her brethren test her, The tests may goon for
1s long asa years the final test isalways thenew vampire's
ability to merge with Irdgen the Earth Mother. Her
wotchers hound her avay from safety, oucontoaparticu-
larly barren parch of steppe. They prevent her from
leaving thisarea, and, a few seconds before sunrise, they
he earth's embrace. If the young Cainite is tal-
woigh, she can become onewith thesailand save

her unlife

An adult Anda has status among his peers and
usually a camp of mortal nomads who cerve as his herd
(anid his moveable "territory"). The Anda often contin-
ues to associate with the vampires who oversaw his

WIND FROM THE RAST

Embrace, but the individual site is no more important
than any other member of the group: Status is very
loosely defined beyond the concept ofadulthood andthe
noker relationship. A wiker is an Anda who has dec
himself loyal to another vampire he considers his better
This elder is either called the noyan (chief) or khan
(king); the distinction herween the two titles is very
flexible and depends Largely an the claims of power by
e individual Anda: The bond between ndker and noy
is hardly a binding, master-seevant relationship; it is
‘more akin to-a pledge of loyalty coneingent on good
lealership. Anda attached to moetal camps and tribes at
the forefront of the rise of the Mongol Empire rend to be
the most powerful on the steppe, with networks af niker
spreading farsnd wide. Even such unliving khans, how:
ever. cun hardly claim to rule the bloodline.

This independent spirit means thae Andahave little
respect for the domains of other vampires. Anda have
been in conflice with the Wan Kuei, whom they call
Demons, for cenmiries Few even tememher what the
toot of the conflict is — both claim the steppe and
neither tolerates the other. When the Mongol hordes
ride out and conquer the world, the Anda who go with
them run into orher Cainites time and again Powerful
individuals garner respect, bur the "sofe" blood-drinkers
who hide in cities are the subject of much Mongol scorn.

Sobriquet: Tartars

Appearance: The Anda'are drawn
sively from Mongol stack. They are short, heavyset with
faces Europeans would call flattened, and howlegsed
fiom a life in the saddle, Their skin his « leathery
Cconsisteny frum vents in the sun and wits inv ume ¢
fides w a washed-out brown,

Havens & Prey: Few Anda bother with havens in
the traditional Cainite sense; their curse (see below)
keeps them moving when nor in roxpot. ‘Those who
travel with a camp might on occasion spend the day in.
that camp's ger, but most simply sleep in the earth. Anda
feed from animals when the opportunity presents itl,
hut most of them either watch over a yasim ( Monga
subclan thar seevesnstheirfeedingstock) or
the steppe and feed from herders who pass by. Given the
scarcity of human population oq the steppe, only fools,
monsters or che desperace look to the second option.

Background: The Tartary grant the Embrace to
‘Mongol warnorswhose prowess they respect; nost And


can tell stories of great bravery and cunning in life. In
later years, promising members of other tribes — the
fc) ive the Embrace. Russians

‘reation: Anda Det
le with their Natures;
nite, they do

almost always primary
since they mest often draw
childer from warrior
tock. Similarly, Skill:
nd to be primary,
mostly due t0 the
nls' reliance
heryandRice.

Weaknesses: As
an offehoct of Clan
Gangrel, dhe Anda suf.
ier fromamild versionof
thot group'stendeney to
develop animal features

on frenzy. Unlike

Anda only
develop animalistic
feutures und lose Ap:
pearance points after
1Ofrensies, rather than
after five. Th
has its 0
adit

more chan three days
within the same one-mile
aceas they must remainon
the move whenever pos-
sible. Should an Anda
vampiresleep m thesame
place» fourth day, the
ph dice pools are
halved until the vampire

can move. Successive days

- after a ritual prayer to Itigen the Earth Mother

‘ Destinys The power and influcnice of tne
N) Anda reaches its peak with the reign of Kubl:
y) Ki re actully

in the same place lead to successive hal
minimum dice pool of 1, Tothe character, this ca
ever-increasing while itdoes not cane
o gointoa fren nd attack a capt

none pla ther will. The curse does not
affect Anda in torpor

Organization: Though

t roan as they wish

Kasriltaé takes place. Th
Andaat a kurilta is nan

lst and most tespectes

id khan and leads the

after Kubla
the
violent end of the Mongols' Yuan Dynasty in
BE China and the destruction of Karakorum i
B the 1360, the Wan Kuei of Chis
ally hone
by 1388 none re

roa destroy ¢

STEREOTYPES.

© Gangrel — Distane cousins
Grarit them respect but know thar
they have fangs is sharp as our own,

© Wu Zao — Soft-and deceicful.
they. skulk about their temples and
‘mMonasteriesind try to lure us in. They
serve the demons and deserve our ite

© Other Cainites > Far and weak
on the blood of cities. Ripe for the
picking

* Black Tortoise Wan Kuet
The Demmonsof Xia, savage and unt
giving, They wish our destruct
and we retumn the favor.

© Orher Wan Kuet— A demon is
demon, reyandlessof whether oe not

it rides the steppe.


Wu Zao

The Wan Kuei hold that Zan-lat_a barharian from
a tothe Middle Kingdom to steal enlight.
ve, their greatest teacher, A trickster, he
th the Grand Achat for a time before bemg
s was proper). The Wu Zan t
1 beenuse he foresaw the turning of
the Great Wheel and the coming Ages of Sorrow and
Darkness. The scions of the Yamu Kings would rute the
earth und sky lest he journeyed co the farthest lands to,
uncover their secrets: He hoped to share understanding
withthe Ten Thousand Demons but wis greeted only by
distrust and hatred, which eventually drove him back
West.
But he left a leg

could sire childer

icy, Unlike the Wan Kuei, Zao-lat
and he did so in the Middle Kingdom,
ls to carry his blood: Zao-zei, a thief
ot whe could obtain the secrets of the hells,

scholar and monk who could decipher

them. The two became the ancient's companions, help-
ing him uncover the hidden laity of thealsonaand other
servants of darkness, steal their secrots and interpret
theie plans. They did so for muny years until the night
(returned from an expedition to a dark temple in

»# Nihon. She found the haven of Zao-lat shattered

and sccupied by the Ten Thousand Demons. Stealthy
and quick, she made her way insideand freed her brother
ho was being questioned. After they made

he told of how the Wan Kuei had betrayed

atticked the ancient, driving hit towaed

Since tha boy the family of Zao-tae —

the Wu Zao ined a subtle but constant

in the Midile Kingdoms, Zao-ze4 and Zaoue

believed that the slide coward a final apocalypse began

with the expulsion of their sire and set about trying ti

find » way to reverse or survive the process, siting a small
them, Thesc younger Wu

of the two elders, becoming
or scholars andl cooperating to

either temp
uncover the arcane knowledge needed to deal w

sm. This apocalypse, what the Wan Kuet call

but it is coming.

ancestors: The sch ins a hidden temple and
safe house for research, while the thief goes out to

WIND FROM THE EAST

acquire new items for their collection. There are pothape
afew score of these vampiric paits scattered actos the
Middle Kingdom, although they sometimes compete for
desirable acquisitions. Scholars maintain some contact
borwoen temples, but rivalries ate nt uncommon. The
thief-scholat pair also typically gathers a group af hel
ers, ghouls and other allies; these cabals sometimes
inclade vampires or other creatures, ulthough most are
mortals or childer.

The Five August Courts of the Wan Kuei offleially
cell Za0-Lac adebased barbarian chief and those claiming
descent from him are hardly welcome in their halls. By
stayiragaway from the most traditional courts — bike that,
cof the Yellow Emperor — and masquerading us Wan
Kuci themselves, most Wu Zao can avoid the brunt of
Cathayan hatred. Many of the Demons are willing wo
overlook Wu Zao presence in exchange for services oF
information, however. The Court of the Black Tortoise,
with ts sparse population and less traditional rules isthe
most welcoming to the bloodline, asa result, many of the
scholars have: moved their temples to the seca of the
modem Jin Empire.

‘The Wu Zs do not tell their Wan Kuei hosts, but
many have also uncovered evidence of a great darkness
glowing on the sweppe, which stuacs dheie auention
They believe the rising tide of Mongolian nomadsis the
sign of this great darknessand so they coopemite in Black
‘Torols¢ efforts cohunc the Mongol Anak vornpites. [tis
‘oualy acer dat they will discover that the dackstess tunis
deeper still.

Sobriquet: Orphans

Appearance: The Wu Zao select childer based on
individual ability, not culture, fu che Jin Empire, mast
Orphans are either of Chinese or Jurchen extraction, but
there are Wu Zao of many other cultural types. After
learning the second level of the Valetens Discipline, they
develop a third eye in the middle oftheir forehead. Lis
eye is not impossible to conceal, but it is unmistakable
when itis open and uncovered.

Havens & Prey: Wu Zao scholars maintain elabo-
rate but well-hidden havens where they hoard the
products of their research as well as items obtained from
clanmates and others. Thieves sometimes have theit
own havens but more frequently shore space with their
scholar brethren. Both lines feed carefully from the
mortal popubitions near these havens — usually located
near cities. They often maintain mortal herds to better


DEMONS OF XIA3.
THe Back
Tortoise Court

Ifthe Anvle Zao are the sciarteredl orphuns of
Caine on the Mongolian steppe, they are hardly the only
vampires in the region. Indeed, the Wan Kuei of the
Middle Kinyadom claim the Asian night as their own and
have little love for the displaced western blood-drinkets,
The Cathayan vampires whostalk thesteppe belongto the
Bluck Tortoie Courr. These are the same vampires the
And kriow as the Demons of Xia, their ancient and
implacable enemies

Like the Anda whom they hung, the Wan Kuei of the
porthem court have a strong re tothe steppe nomads from
whom they feed. They ride among the Tatars and Ongguts
most ofall, but individual Wan Kuei can be found among
other tnbesas well. Unlike the Anda, they are also present
among the settled nomads of the Jin Empire and Xixia

Jom. In fret, these more densely populated areas are
me to most of the court's members.

Tothose mo voftheirexistence,
Black Tortoise Wan Kuet are simply one more complica:

by demanding life. Shamans who have met
ce the Ten Thamar Dotan ppalipserts
ofthe earth night ey. Some groupe Wan Kot choose
conide with nomad camps. Other groups tend to viewsuch
‘camps with distrust, for although Wan Kuet allies can lend
group of nomads great power, laying dawn one's er with,
such creatures is akin to sleeping in the tiger's den: It is
never clearwhen it will wake up hungry.

The Black Tortoise Court would do well to listen to
thar same advice Ancient prophecies say that the Fifth
‘Age of the World, the Age of Sorrow thar heralds the rise
of the Demon Emperor, will sweep in from the north, The
Wan Kiet ofthe court see the debased vampires who stalk
among the Mongale — who call chemselves Anda — as
instigatorsof this transformation. They tolerate che temple
thieves und obsessed scholars of the Wu Zao because they

tmde away ayormation about the coming storm and the
arrwitios of the Anda

But the extemal threat of the Mongols and Anda,
h real, pales before the danger from within and

below. Comupe Chi sites pepper the steppe; they pose a
physical danger to the creatures of the area through the
nd dlemonvservants they tend to attract, They

spiritual danger to the Wan Kuei of the area as

lure the vampires into
verving the Yama Kings ar alaana. The court that reels to

‘guard against the comupekin may well end up propagating it,

WIND FROM THE EAST

History

Since the first layscof this, the Fourth Age of Creations,
the Wan Kuet of the far north hive onginized themselves
as the August Court of the Black Tortoise. The court was
‘originally formedin theaftermath of the Gelestial Empers's
great curse upon the Wan Xian; three wae of Yin-aspected
Wen Kiel in che farnoeth escaped che ware andl madness
their fellow demons

‘One of those wu was the Regretful Hunters: most of
them were Resplendent Crane wariors who felt twas the
duty toparnue Wan Kei who, unable taaccopt one of Xue'e
five Dharmas, went muxl and fed into the wildemes
Another wu, the Riders an Ashen Plain, were Bone Dunc
crwth anorthem aspect; they wished to lear the laws of
death and the dead and gained power through the symbolic
travel northward, The thiedu was alreadyon the northern
steppe a the time ofthe curse; they called themselves Sens
of Tengri, the barbarians' god of the sky, and they were
theraselves al barkarians.

‘The three wx were handly ofone mind, despit
overall predilection toward the north direction
energies. The Regretful Hunters did not wish for any
bureaucracy of the accursed ts interfere with their hateles
and training while the Ashen Plain Ridets desired solitude
‘and peace for their meditations on death and Yin. The Sons
of Tengri required open land tor move arexind ac few limits
on their freedom.

‘The Courtofthe North thus formed not asa restrictive
and binding hierarchy, as was the ease forthe Court othe
Yellow Emperor further south, but rather as an open and
ficcenvitonment, onc whic cach iudis dual' ability wo
move about unmolested was considered paramount. Soine
‘Wan Kueiof the north suggest that the Celestial Emperor's
cure freesthemof anyabigition to fight theseryants
Yana King, and dhough the Reyreutul Honters and due
protégés argue passionately against this proposal, they ate
unable topersuade alloftheirbretheen ofthe righ
of their cause, Indeed, to this very day dere As litte
‘coordinated action by dhe Wan Kuei ofthe Black Torsise
to hune alana and other fearsome Yomi creatures of the
noethlunds.

Theonly exception thar unconcemedarnitude isthe
‘Anda, whom the Black Torcoiss sce asa degenerate bre
‘of half-vampires of the steppe, perhaps the descendants of
the mad, Dharma-less Wan Xian once hunted by the
Resetfil Hunters. The Sons of Tengri and their heirs sy
the Ania are monsters from the far west who have cor-
rupted cercain mortal eres like the dlzoma corrupt some of
the southem couets. Either way, they are creatures whe
deserve to be hunted and destroyed. ln the carly nights of
the Fourth Age, che barely untted Black Tortose frst came
za blows with the Anda. When a Black Tortise unc meta


few Anas on the steppe, they gave chase, asuming that
these were renegades or uma, They swept down on the
strange vampires and slew most of therm. In those days, the
Court of the North mer in a great wooden hall called
‘Quragl, in the southernmost parts of the Siberian forest.
‘Thecourtasawholemectwiceamonth,asit doesnow; the
surviving Anda and their mortal slaves atmickes (Qaragha
during the next gatheringand bumed ieto the ground. The
fire killed mone than half che Wan Kuet within, and the
survivors vowed undying war upon the orphansof the west.
The grudge lases to this very night,

Black Tortoue Wan Kuei have periodically collided
with the Beast Courts of the far north: the shapechangers
ofthe steppe seem to truly be the greatest power of that
disemt place, even with akuma; Black Tortoise Wan Kuei,
Anda and many other creatures competing for Chi and
find. Up co the time of the Han Dynasty, the Black
Torroise Court and the Xiong Ren cooperated more often,
than they fought; during the reign of Qin Shihuangdi,
some 1400 yearsago, both groupsaided mortalswha wished
to fight against the insane, comupt Chinese emperor.
During the Han, the two groups drifted apart as the Xiong
Ren increasingly realized thar even the Black Tortoise
Wan Kei dll notshare their dedication to the wat
the dark things of the workd. Their differences first ex
pleded into violence during the Later Han and have
prricdically eniewed themselves in the intervening: centuries.

THE SUPERNATURAL
LANDSCAPE

Emperor Qin Shihuangdi built che Grear Wall during
hisreign overs thousand years ago. Though the wall has at
en into disrepair and at others been a strong

Jcfensive edifice, (ts presence disturbs the flow of Chi
through the region. A great dragon line crosses the Great
ind the death and corruption associated with the

tion's construction mean that the wall interrupts

ow through chat line. Thaednigon track nunsfrom,

Nihon to Lake Tianchi; vampires who choose ty mavel
ulong it must be cognizant of the dangers of the trail. The
near-severing ofthe dragon ine has several effects in the
spirit word. First, several trails along the Nihon-Tianchi
line lead into Yori Wan, rather thin the traveler's pre-
ferred destination; thisan geho of te murderand rape that
the Yama Kings fed from during the wall's construction.
Similarly, the deaths of so many workers have forced
several Chi currents co lead into a Yin Realm rather than.
nal world, a destination that Wan Kuei would

"ften prefer to avoid alinost as much as Yomi. Lastly, and
more subtly, redirected Chi bubbles and pools near the

Wall itself. iv Yin, Yang. Yomi and the physical realm
‘These eddies come nnd go over time; they are not reliable
sources of Chi. They vary between Yin Chi, the most
common variety near the wall, Demon Chand Yany Chi,
the least common.

Ghostsrun theempry plain ofthe north, thatiscen
Wan Kuei of the Black Tortoise walk (or more often ide)
the nighttime steppe, and those artuned to the Yin Realm
have no difficuly piereing the nighttime Wall to see and
hearthe dead ofthe northern tribes. They ride ghost hones,
|huntingmisshapen ghost animals; chey drink quis beewes
fromdteamsand joy,and they dotheir best wo meddle nthe
affairs of the living te gain adheontage again the Ghoor
Emperor of the Middle Kingdom

Black Tortoise live in the major cities ofthe Jin snd
Xixia Empires, though in both of those lands they compete
for territory with wi of the Court of the Yellow Emperor.
Wan Kuei helped the nomadic Jurchens conquer the Liso
and the city of Ka ry, when it became
obvious that the mortal emperors of the Middle King:
had lost the Mandure of Heaven. But since that time, the
Jurchenshave distanced themselvesfram theirimmural allies

Other than the raint brought absn by
only the mostaridectionsefthest compe
(Gh ace ae av many theorics ant ac origin of thee
dark dragon nests — called pits, by some — a there are
‘Wan Kuei to pucthem forth. The bexthisatryassuggest that
most ofthe nests predate the Fourth Age, and those that do
notean be traced back toa particular conflict with crearures
ofthe furwest. A grent purge took place in prehistoric times,
and one of its atereffects isthe presence of these eddies of
comupt Chi, much asa large rock thrown
seill create rivulcts and sll whiddpoots many yards from
the tock. Pethaps the eldest pits were the source of conflict
in the Third Age? Its sure that we will never know with
certainty,

‘The pits are only found in the most arid parts of the
steppe for two main reasons. First, the mast atid areas —like
the Gobi and Tallamakan Deseets —are hangely bereft of
Juman population. Certainly nomads pass
large paar, elder Wun Kuet (who can feed throug!

through the poisoned str), demons andl alsa
alone in the deep empry lands. Secondly, un the high
steppe, Mongols treat rivers and streams iis holy
places; their shamans claim to communicate with
the waters' spirits. Northern tribesmen do not
even bathe in free flowing water for fear of pol
ing or giving offense to spirits. Such infusion o
faith by mortals does seem to bolster the ar
defense against the forces of Yomi Wan.

nto aswiftriver


T_YAMA Kine Doktor AND THE HELL OF SpikeD CHALNS

‘The privacy und freedom ofthe Blick Tortoise Court have given bixth to far greater proportion ofakiona
than are present in any other cour, and mainy serve the Yana Kiryg Dokhor-Khan, who rules the Hell of Spiked
(Chins. Gross fat, he guzzles acidic blood quis from hags stitched from mertaly'stomach linings: Dokhor thrives
con agenny and hatred, and bis victim (she cursed soul of the meppe. Marta souls — neatly always from,
the steppe, though from which tribe is immuterial —find themselves at the center of a vast pin s flat that the
round almostseems to curve ip to the horizon. Dokhor divides the population into tbes, wemmely at random.
‘One of these tribes, thie Favored Ones, reecive fee rein, while allthe others havea sense stricken away from then,
‘or their hands or kx chopped off. Each tribe yets its own deformity oc blindness, and all must obey the Favowed
‘Ones or face the torrent of the Spiked Chains.

‘Any of the Favored Ones can declare the Spiked Chains on any of the Delormed Ones at any rime and for
horowon at all they 40 choose. Victims of this torment are hound tightly in thorned Yomi-tron chains and hung.
‘romthestulactitesinaygreat, windy cave for yearhata time. Strugeleto escape only makes the agony worse, feeding
Doldhor Khan's great hunger; sometimes the Yama King plices small ils and lock picks ust out of reach of his
Changs lor te lich Corabinaio of seroatlans he Setives,

Dalthoristhe Yama King primarily responsible for the corrapeion ofthe Black Tortoise Coury the corruption
of the dragon nests of the steppe is his doing, the culmination of a process he started in the days ofthe Xiongm,
whotn Europe knew as the Huns. Each eomupted drygon nest is "keyed? to servants of Dokhor, giving chent an
advantage in the corrupe Chi and allowing them co tranafec that Chy more easily to other creatures, such
si rimpective hrc This keyigtrcce ies yes (pred the ean for theca length Dokdo sce)
butithasthe benefitofexclodingother Yama Kingsfrom freely wsinyehe corrupt Chi the nestagenerite — servants
of the other lords of Yom cars use the Chi but absorbinyeit takes longger and is fa less efficient. (The exact effects
of this are left to the Storyreller's discretion.)

‘Other Yama Kings do still work on the steppe, and most of them vow retaliation sgainst Dokhor for his
‘owrfoxing them there. Tou Mu and Ranga find many of their echemes against the Mongols and allied tribes
stymied by the actions of Dokhor and hisakuora as well as the uncocrupted Black: Tortoise Court: Mikabshi, by
‘contrast, finds iro be child's play 10 corrupe those Black Tortoises: who settle in the cities ofthe south,

{in about 1190, Dokhor-Khan bean to experiment with granting Ane Cainies his "blessings," creating a
frevioay unbead of ype fauna: By 1197 the Yana King has only hand of hese ceases, ome oxhers

wing heen destroyed by the tainted Chi neceseary 1+ create the pfs, (Seerytellers can uke the rules foralsema
foun in'The Thousand Hells or rules for demonic investmen fromthe Dark Ages Compainion create Cainite
caksana.)

Destiny: Dokhor-Khan proves «rare triumph for the Wan Kuel of the Middle Kingdom. After any of the
Blake Tortoise vampires are destroyed or driven to the wild north in the Mel cenuuty, sieral an that goon to
sign the Treaty of the Quincuntx stitke at Dokhor'sakuma and éorript Chi sites in the barbaric northlands. They
sre met with a series of cunning victories, and in the end they s0 weaken Dokli's comer of Yorn that the deimon.
king's rivals destroy him.

TRADITIONS AND CuLra dictates the location of the next gathering; on the nightsof

pS the full and new moon, askilled astrologer can discern tl
eis Black Teron Cs th ; next gathering place af dhe cower after half an howe of

may Sues eet (pe scanning the sky. Such « wandering court often calls for

some hard riding, bur due co some great astrological con-
spiracy, the court's meeting place isnever more than seven
days' hard ride from the list meeting place. For a char
to determine the location, the player tolls Perce
Porrents (dificulty 8, or 7 if de astrologer isu
the Black Tortoise Court)

the court nearly always take pl

‘oxacting etiquette, Few of its greatest histories are kept ott

paper, instead living only in the minds of the eldest

ancestor of the court for reeitation on special occasions
Thevourt gatherstwice monthly onthe

‘Wan Kuei must attend every gathering, but all are w
©. However, a sophisticated astronomic

c roof arforest canopy, darkened Terai is
WIND FROM THE EAST

e the court is in session, This includes


T_YAMA Kine Doktor AND THE HELL OF SpikeD CHALNS

‘The privacy und freedom ofthe Blick Tortoise Court have given bixth to far greater proportion ofakiona
than are present in any other cour, and mainy serve the Yana Kiryg Dokhor-Khan, who rules the Hell of Spiked
(Chins. Gross fat, he guzzles acidic blood quis from hags stitched from mertaly'stomach linings: Dokhor thrives
con agenny and hatred, and bis victim (she cursed soul of the meppe. Marta souls — neatly always from,
the steppe, though from which tribe is immuterial —find themselves at the center of a vast pin s flat that the
round almostseems to curve ip to the horizon. Dokhor divides the population into tbes, wemmely at random.
‘One of these tribes, thie Favored Ones, reecive fee rein, while allthe others havea sense stricken away from then,
‘or their hands or kx chopped off. Each tribe yets its own deformity oc blindness, and all must obey the Favowed
‘Ones or face the torrent of the Spiked Chains.

‘Any of the Favored Ones can declare the Spiked Chains on any of the Delormed Ones at any rime and for
horowon at all they 40 choose. Victims of this torment are hound tightly in thorned Yomi-tron chains and hung.
‘romthestulactitesinaygreat, windy cave for yearhata time. Strugeleto escape only makes the agony worse, feeding
Doldhor Khan's great hunger; sometimes the Yama King plices small ils and lock picks ust out of reach of his
Changs lor te lich Corabinaio of seroatlans he Setives,

Dalthoristhe Yama King primarily responsible for the corrapeion ofthe Black Tortoise Coury the corruption
of the dragon nests of the steppe is his doing, the culmination of a process he started in the days ofthe Xiongm,
whotn Europe knew as the Huns. Each eomupted drygon nest is "keyed? to servants of Dokhor, giving chent an
advantage in the corrupe Chi and allowing them co tranafec that Chy more easily to other creatures, such
si rimpective hrc This keyigtrcce ies yes (pred the ean for theca length Dokdo sce)
butithasthe benefitofexclodingother Yama Kingsfrom freely wsinyehe corrupt Chi the nestagenerite — servants
of the other lords of Yom cars use the Chi but absorbinyeit takes longger and is fa less efficient. (The exact effects
of this are left to the Storyreller's discretion.)

‘Other Yama Kings do still work on the steppe, and most of them vow retaliation sgainst Dokhor for his
‘owrfoxing them there. Tou Mu and Ranga find many of their echemes against the Mongols and allied tribes
stymied by the actions of Dokhor and hisakuora as well as the uncocrupted Black: Tortoise Court: Mikabshi, by
‘contrast, finds iro be child's play 10 corrupe those Black Tortoises: who settle in the cities ofthe south,

{in about 1190, Dokhor-Khan bean to experiment with granting Ane Cainies his "blessings," creating a
frevioay unbead of ype fauna: By 1197 the Yana King has only hand of hese ceases, ome oxhers

wing heen destroyed by the tainted Chi neceseary 1+ create the pfs, (Seerytellers can uke the rules foralsema
foun in'The Thousand Hells or rules for demonic investmen fromthe Dark Ages Compainion create Cainite
caksana.)

Destiny: Dokhor-Khan proves «rare triumph for the Wan Kuel of the Middle Kingdom. After any of the
Blake Tortoise vampires are destroyed or driven to the wild north in the Mel cenuuty, sieral an that goon to
sign the Treaty of the Quincuntx stitke at Dokhor'sakuma and éorript Chi sites in the barbaric northlands. They
sre met with a series of cunning victories, and in the end they s0 weaken Dokli's comer of Yorn that the deimon.
king's rivals destroy him.

TRADITIONS AND CuLra dictates the location of the next gathering; on the nightsof

pS the full and new moon, askilled astrologer can discern tl
eis Black Teron Cs th ; next gathering place af dhe cower after half an howe of

may Sues eet (pe scanning the sky. Such « wandering court often calls for

some hard riding, bur due co some great astrological con-
spiracy, the court's meeting place isnever more than seven
days' hard ride from the list meeting place. For a char
to determine the location, the player tolls Perce
Porrents (dificulty 8, or 7 if de astrologer isu
the Black Tortoise Court)

the court nearly always take pl

‘oxacting etiquette, Few of its greatest histories are kept ott

paper, instead living only in the minds of the eldest

ancestor of the court for reeitation on special occasions
Thevourt gatherstwice monthly onthe

‘Wan Kuei must attend every gathering, but all are w
©. However, a sophisticated astronomic

c roof arforest canopy, darkened Terai is
WIND FROM THE EAST

e the court is in session, This includes


le weather: Thu
the Ten

storms, blicowds and
sand Demans from
gathering in their tradition. In fact, it tsa point of honor
ng Black Tortoise W: i t0 ignore the weather
sucha wlede

ing sleet is to invite » Southerner.

too much ha thing
mi R fotinanchd

Ww

keep this in mir

PRroMINENT Corpse FAMILIES,
Forthe time being, the wu kn

fluence inthe Black Tortoi

Barren Wind
Court
oriented toward the south,
cing the other courts and in practic
ot change within the court, Its leader
nod Thousand Whispers Wan Kuet call
Tarughat fn these years of great change, it is the Ba
Wind chat the other corpse families look to for guidance.
For is par, the wx has embraced the successive k
that have swept down over northem China in the
century. The Barten Wind Wan Kuei
the Yellow Emperor fee! seme of the
Black Tortoise experience with

Riders we. This act ‘ y fights agaus
the chaos and Wind attee
sow. The Black Hoof Riders are trad nalists, each

rare among Black Tortaise Wan Kuei, weal the Black

Hoot Riders and n Wind have tested each other

The one-eyed Jurchen shaman Tan Banshi

of Fire wtuspends must of isin

aren W and ch

wat fromm
the conflict berween the Black
Fire se

Gobi spite world isa rich aoe
The Storm of Fire wae braves thi

der to steal the deser

e wre hinve a he

recipient for t given 4; even when an ancestor it
du dennis a fiery gl

the Storm of Fire will of

treasures. Members of

word be tumed over to him


From the writings of Qi
wicard of Kashgar, 1187
pave bees
ope eaten OC-CN.
Mee. & relieve thot |
luencing the men
ners Lar ominet
theash

2 antien
at over the

burnotmuch ofa band with the membersf amy

thetr iour Mongol woman, Xiang Li, handles
of the commerce between, (Fire and the

rt, hough she is quick vo point out that

Tortoise (
le
more than ascoreofoth with,

: while the du
rently che most

WIND FROM THE

corpse fim) he Paper

FAST

Excellent Forest Whist
Beast Cour) and the
Serpents (who dominate some of the snottal far

ments along the Orkhon River) have power

Prorocon

elf co any of the courts withir
ise precise eticque
protoxe i be

To propetly tie ecwcomer
seek

aesofthe court, lnic must
setly, for in he Black Tor
favor may be as per Wan Kuei without

and rather exactin

gren, or go-between
ys of the Wan Xian,
afavor direct
tise Court,

said, when no mortal dared
the Immortals. In the Black T:
favor,

with both neque # roughly

ial srarion andenlightenment— and request thar he ask
he favor on your behalf. Once the favor hasbeen ash

and recipient may speak t
nversucions with the 2

third parry.

ed, the
ne another, buc i at
ngren must uke


‘The Wan Kuei diffee from their western
counterparts in numerous ways, but the most
‘important distinetion is thar no Wan Kuei
higs to escort anew vampice into unlife; in-
ced, only ane brutal enduigh to fight his way
fron Hell into the mortal'world will join the
Ten Thousand Demons. There are' only two
requirements: great strengthof will and avast
depth of cruelty. 4

‘Therefore, Jess than a year after the Great
Khan's death, rumors begin to circulate that
Temujin has returned from Yomi Wan as one
ofthe Wan Kuci, Despite their persintence for
more than » century, these rumors arc never
Verified. One vampire presents herself co the
Black Tortoise Ancestor 1s Temujin, bur she
clearly bears little resemblance to the Oce-
anic Lord. She explains that her true body.
was destroyed in Genghis Khan's funeral pyre,
and she was forced co take another. For tea-
sonsofhisown, the ancestordoes not use any
supernatural abilities to test this, womin's
truthfulness, and she passes herself, off as
Temujin until the death of the Great Khan
Mongke, Around chat time, Barta the Fair, 9
Wan Kiel who knew theGeéantcLardintlic,
discovers "Temujin's" ruse and forces her to
reveal hetself before che court, She does, and,
then flees south: she (s nar seen again in the
orthlands. Many other chik-me' claim to be
the Great Khan immediately after taking the
Second Breath, hut a simple use of the Obli-
gation Discipline gives the lie to exch of
those claims,

Darker runiors suggest that Temijin is
surely banished to Hell far his cri
thar he may serve the dark purposes of the
Yama Kings in the afterlife, or in the physical
world, as.a hidden akuma,..; Whatever the
truth, the tumors of on undead Great Khan,
dry up after the fall of the Yuan Dynasty, and

y ure nat heard again. "

Running Monkey. ang must final a third Wan Kise — sich
as her masry-ures-renuweat cousin Xiaa Bin — to ask Fa
Pring if he would be si kind as wo wach Wu Jiang that vital.
Until Ping agrees to tench the ritual, however, Waa Jiang's
conversations with Niaw Bin muse take place somewhere that
Fa Ping canst hea, and Fa Ping's conversations with Xian
Bin must take place where Wu fang cannot hea.

The astute student quickly
system can be tumed to his favor, Fut, ics tivially ensy for
inembersof the Black Tortoise Court ro use the tradition of
the zhongren to snu

Koei to act as your go-between is itself a fav

Kui is within his rights to insist thar the oursider use a
hongren to ask that favor, This can easily progress, with
utmost politeness, until the outsider is unable to ade anys
thing of anyone in the court. Second, since conversations
with the chongren arealwaysheld away from thethindparty,

only the intermediary knows whit was traly asked:and what
was truly offered. In this fashion. the sharyren can easily
manipulate

uation to her benefit

A few north- or centeroriented wu of the Bhick
Tortoise Court specialize m acting as chongren. Most of
hese conpse fnmulies —suchas the Distant Glide wnt —ate
treatest with great respect hecause they hold the threads
that bind together the entire court. Forone if them worwist
is bargain or negotiation is unthinkable of course

RELATIONS WiTH OTHERS
‘The final relationship between the Court of the Black
Tortoise and the other four August Courts of the Middle
as: The courts
combine to sign the Treaty of the Quincunx and destroy
the akuma of the newly forged Jade Court at Changan, Less
well-known is the action taken by the other four August
Courts agaifist the akuma-comupted parts of the Blick
Tortoise Court; to the modern reader, that chapter his
been hidden from: until now. But ittakes time to h
stute of total war, given the relative peace the five
courts enjoy in 1197,

West: THe Warr Ticker
Emperor Da of the Court of the White Tiger embraces
the Want Kuet of the Black Tortoise Court with open arms

while the elderws in the Bhack Tortoise are not as expres:
sive in their affection, they find much to like in Dac as

MONSTERS ON THE STEDDE


vampire, and his claims of nonititerferenice with Black
Tortoise ways have won him more than one friend on
the steppe.
For the most part, White Tiger und Bkick Tortoise
only cross one another's paths in the great Taklamakan
ind neither court traversesexceptas necessary

amies, finding Chi sources or faced with,

reach a point on its fat side, for inotance.

Therefore, as a whole the two jroups sta
another's way.

out af one

he Fourth Ageallfiveof the August Courts
adkeand goals Rarfor3 QQ) ears
nd pawns af the Black Tortoise

ss and barbarians — have made war

‘upon the allies and pawns of the Yellow Emperoe— that
is, the sedentary Laborers of the successive Chis

pites. Over such a Jong time, even the most jaded of the

‘unliving comes to hold a gradge against his counterpart;

too many haven-bumings under the guise of barbarian

pillaging and an the name of
imperial defense eventually lead to outeight wae.

The Yellow Emperor and Blick Tortoise Courts have

t against one another as aften as they have allied

not churker forces. For the time being, they arw carefully

eutral, with overtones of hostility just barely laid behind

an unconcemed fagade. No Black Tortoise investigation

ter the destructionofa Yellow Emperor Wan Kuei
on the steppe; few: Yellow Emperor Wan Kui leap to the
defense ofa Black Tortoise when that varnpire i attacked
by Xiony Ren, Slowly the thread of allegiance uncavel;
suey wae ot fa off

East: Tit AZURE DRAGON
The Black Tortoises only interace with half of the
Dragon Court, That court is plit into two branches,
‘neon the mainland andone on the wlndsofNibon. The
sare on moderately good terms with n

Linder Azure Dragons, although the allegiance is nor
Ancestors of the iskind courts und the Blick Tor-
are on considerably worse terms: this may dace back
twancient times when the centers of two un competed for
the love of a mortal; one of chose wnt founded the Azure
Dragon Court, and another was an early member of the
ach court differ as w the
idencity of the mortal and to which vampire cared the
morral's Jove, bur both pre clear that the other court's
representative acted dishonorably. Theattempted Mongol
invasions of Nihon ordered by Kublai Khan only worsen
relations between the courtsas the Nihongin feel the Black.

‘Tortoises inst surely be behind the invaders.

WIND FROM THE EAST

‘Only the northem lands of the Jin are in any way
contested between the maintander Dragons and the east-
em Tortoxses; the Kingdom of Keryo is the teritory of the
Azure Dragon per ancient treaty. The same treaty gives
Azure Dragon varnpires the authority to destroy chivmel ot
bother mal vampires who flee the Black Tortoise eastward,
the Dragons may instead deliver them to Black Tortoise
authorities but do nor always bother doing so.

Sour: THE ScaRLeT PHOENIX

The Scarlee Phoenix Court engages ina pra
neutrality with the Black Tortoise. Situated as they are,
with at least one August Court hetween their lands no
matter which path is taken from one to the other, there is
preciouslittleforthetwo groups to argue abynit. Or at least,
there i little to argue about in terms of physical resources,
philosophically and ethically speaking, the two Counts
<oukin't be further apart. The Seaelet Phoenix is place of

ing energies and carnal powers, but distance makes it an
‘exotic curonity nather than a chreat to the Black Tortoises.
Indeed, couriers and serihes regularly traverse the greit
distance between Annam or Khmer and eorum, and
when the north-directed Black Tortoise receive messages
fom the Scarlet Phoenix, even long-dormant hearts wart,
somewhat.

‘Whenthe Mongol EmpireconquersLinan and thereby
China, it does not cease tu move troops southward; indeed,
Mongol armies march into che southern jungles nt long
after Kublai Khan rakes the throne. Elephant cavalry, ts
well as reports of other things lurking in the jungles of the
far south, repulse the invaders. This rampage infuriates the

adership of the Scarlet Phoenix Court, which sends
missives to Yellow Emperor and Black Tortoise Wan Kuer
insisting thar they put a halt to their mortal charges'
attacks. The Wan Kuei eannot simply stop an invsision, of
course, but they do subyly armge to transfer the most
skilled officers: north and replace them with novices teay
ing the Mongols' armies to defeat in the jungle.

Tue Beast Courts or THE North

There are several Beast Courts — kingdoms of
shapechangers— in the farnorthiands, but the greatest of
these, to which most others owe their allegiance, 1s the

‘Tatar Beast Court: The court itself surrounds a vase and
Powerful drayon nest, hidden on the northem teaches of
the steppe. Xiong Ren (literally "ferocious people" — the
Chinese name for the Lupines and other were-crestuses of
the area) of every breed hced the dictates ofthe Beast King
‘of the Tatars hs authority is unquestioned in the northern
Middle Kiysdom.

The current Beast King is « erafty Khan weretiger
called Bogabo; like most of the Ferocious People, he docs
‘NOC age gracefully, instead growing more gnarled anc
teamed with each passing winter, Bogabo' fifth san, Tian,
isaKhan like histather, unfortunately, Tian is also meds (i


child of wo shapechangers), and a8 such bas no claim to
thethrone. Instead, wofactions contest forthe succession:
The Victorious Strike camp, led by a Hakken werewolf
called Thunderpaw, wishes to act swiftly to destioy ot
cleanse the many corrupt Chisites of the northem plateau,
regardless of the cost in lives. By contrast, the Autumn
Snow camp, led by an albino Khan calling herselé Winter
Fang, believes that the commupe neste should be purified
carefully, risking the death of asfew Xiong Ren as possible

For the time being, however, Bogabo rules the court
with » combination of cunniny and strength. He has
instructed packs of werefolk to attack any demon-servants
they should discover, but wishes to investigate the nature
ofthe Chisites before planning anall-oot assault, Bogabo's
pimary advisorsinclude Golonat,aZhong Lung weredeagon,
who serves asthe First Spirit Chainer of the Cure and 2s
1s his breed's wont, counsels on and analysis before
action; andl Amat Atansis,a wereae py who provides his
mater with continuing intelligence regarding the activity
cf che Wary Kuet inthe cities of che south.

The Biack Tortoise and Tatar Cours are on reason:
ably good terms, at lease insofar as Wan Kuei and Xiong
Renare willing to communicate. There is no open warfare
tetween them: should either court find subjects,of the

ther too close to its teritory, it will certainly give fair
‘waming before forcibly ejecting or destroying them, Haw
ever, there are no fixed ambassadors berween the wo
courts; messages hetween them are sent via spire courier:

Eneiies of one court may well find succor in the other, but
will not be welcome for an extended period,

HSteN
The Couit of the Black Tortoise hus very litre trafic
With any of the Asien; the bureaucrats-tumed-warriot-
rebels havenolove fr the vampiresogthe Middle Kiniglom,
ere' little the two groups can do for one another.
I fxctions of one Asien cour, the Daityas, compete r0
influence mortal bureaucmicies and thrones. Some Daitya
subely urge the Emperor of the Jin to strike hard at, Linan
and destroy the Song Chinese once and forall, whule others
side with Mongolian raiders to destroy the Jin Empire.

DESTINY

The Court of the Black Tortoise does not have a lone
furure ahead of it Ir will join with some of the other courts,
to form the Quincunx, and not long afterwards, che end of
the Yuan Dynasty will see the remnants and rebels of the
court overrun with aktema and destroyed. Several factors
‘hut contribute to thisdestiny are listed helaw, Storytellers
should nor fee! constrained to end the Black Torraise story
asdescribedhere,of course;acontinuing chroniclecan ani

should subvert the static plot Lines seen in game source
material

WAN KUELIN THE WEST

When the Mongo! Empire first expand, no Wan Kuel
arebor in the distant west; the Must lands of Khvarazm
do not offer up the Middle Kingdom's unliwing demons.
The Wan Kuet only seem to arise within the boundaries of
Chinese and Indian cultural influence.

However, this changes over time. During the teign of
Mongke Khan, there are verifiable reports of chih thei
taking the Second Breath as fur west the Aral Sea, anc
even tuinorsof those taking the Road Back inte' New San
These half-foreign Wan Kuei are referred to as Kj
‘Ta rraditional Wan Kuel, such as those an the Court of the
Yellow Emperor, these creatures are strange, ugly
uunnatutal. Those wliodare joumey to the court sa Chana
find char swiftdestruction awaits them;soon, the oily one
who remain are those who wisely avoid concentmitions of
Wen Kuet ond instead lurk in the shadowed streets of
Kashgar, Urumgi or Samarkand

‘As the ideals of nationis outside the Middle King

+y as Christianity and Islam corupe the
Mongol Empire, its khanates become less likely to produce
‘Wan Kuei. By the time of Timur the Lame, few new chih
‘ei come as far west as the Khanate of the Golden Horde
markand. Of course, the Wan Kuciof such places
ute langely unaffected by those changes, but a the khanates
collapte cme by one, the Hungry Dead find themselves
outnumbered by Cainites, Many retreat eastwards many
more muet their destruction. Those wl Songof
the Shadow Dharma continue to be fascinates! by the
apparent expansion and contmiction df the Middle King.
dom and spend many yeary traveliny the Yiry Reales ih
search of an explanation,

After the permanent establishment of the Qipd
Khanate (the Khanate of the Gollen Hore) hy Bary
Khan, the Scarlet Night Daggers (a North-aspected ase
based in Sara) show apart icular fanciniation witlnthwescions
of Caine. They capture any western varmpires they can
and proceed to experiment on and interrogate them. By
1250, these coldly logical Wan Kuciare particularly cur
about the Embrace and the bloc oath. They do not
understand how either one takes place, and they intend to
force any new captives to reveal these secrets. They di
Know the vulnerability of western vampires toawell-place
wrookcsiotabs (which Var-unbalauned Wi
from), snd they use that to their advantage when attempt
ingto take new captives. News ofthis interest
of the cautious Wu Zac Cainites further underground

Akoma

The Beast Courts count dhe corrupted Chi si
norshem steppe and the southem partsof the ti

than twenty, These site re openings the

Hw thi


‘kuma and wicked shapechanger folk. Others are older
an civilization; one site in particular,

reat cries ou ith hatred and he

ige- Those sensitions are palpable to any

Tne Pounics or Scarcrry

_Thelackofhunn popsilation in thenortlands
leads the Black Torooise Way Kuei to tap corrupt
(Chistes far more readily than Huury Dead from
the rest of the Middle Kinedom might. Many, if
pressed, would insist that they have no choice: Lf
‘they wane keep living wherethey do, they'IIhave

polap: sitesun occasion just to remain active.
‘Many Wan Kuei go for decades or even centuries
‘only tapping. a corrupt Chi site on rare occasions.
saad avoiding the covch of Yomi otherwise, but chis
oc ko GR pinta area
pee nl progress, While most of the

"Tesnanien Depers epecipec honk when
they have no choice, forsome even the smallest sip
ie enough tum irrevocably to darkness.

c tainted Chisites can privide simple, quick power
» Kuet who chooses to tap them, but over time
rampires nceeasingly depend cn the comupted Chi

toiveltheirwakingnights. Byrharpoint, only thestrongest
‘Wan Ku can resis the call ofthe Yi

scemingly small cost: fealty. By 119
Londsof Youn Wars control dozens of Wan Kuei ager

the Blick Tortokse Court and they use those agers to
subvert an inanipulate the rraditionsot the Black Tortoise
and being till more influence to the Yama Kings. In 1197,
pethaps one Wan Ke

increases quickly

hime, The Yana King Dodo? Khan is primarily respon-
sible for the corruption of the northem dragon nests, and
ic at his behest that mest northem alauma act, but
Mikabostit and Ranh play small parts as well

Destruction oF THE AANDA

The Andado not survive the Fourth Age; inthe minds
cofsome nostalgic Wan Kuei, theirdestruction isthe broken
sarow denoting the start of the Age of Sortow (the modem
pena said to be a prelude to the apocalyptic Sixth Age).
As the Mongol Empire grows larger and conquers even
Song Dynasty China, the Anda begin to grow bold. Where
before they were comfortable to remain in their arid
northern homes, scivenging from hunters and herders of
the steppe, after Kublai Khan's death, the Anda spend
more and more time traveling south, within dhe boundaries

WIND FROM THE EAST

ofthe Midis Kingdom isl Anda with tes vo Mongol
mortals ekvaed to postions of power in the Chi

do knee! before an outlander emperor. Record keepers in
‘Changan consult the very oldest reconds available; they
analyze crollsand pottery from the early days of the Fourth
‘Age in search of ways to strike at che barbarian vampires.
Ultimately le solution comes from anothar Mongrel one
ofthe Wu Zin. Believing that the Anda wal being destruc
tion on themall, this orphaned Cainite betrays some of the
scorers of his blood: The Wan Kuei must discover the
rusting place af the eldese Anda vampite, the progenitor of
allothers. The courts secretly assign several wu to thistask,
decaxles for them to find the creature
ture —ealleel Dobrul — is well defends by
other harharian vampires, The wu whe discover its where
ubouts engage in several nights of continuous tutininy
combat with those yampites and with insane, oversize,
twisted animals apparently ia Dobruls service. Two vil
lages are wiped from the face of the map simply to feed
‘vampiric hungers. Five full ww converge on the site, anid
nly five Wan Kuei emerge. Forming a new, these five
bring the unconscious, immobile creature to Changan,
where some of the oldest Wan Kuci mystics analy it invearch
ofa ritual that will enable them m dest is descendanss.

In the end, the ancestors succeed: They use the crea
ture fo summon its children w Karakorum, eyen us the
Ming Chinese topple the Yuan Dynwety sind
Mongol! old capital to take back their empire from the
sutlanders. By this time, Karakemam
symbol toche Mongols, butitisapawerfulone. Asthe Ming
anuies attack Keuukorum, doscns of we frou all
‘August Courtsdescendoon the city. Someurtuse this
‘5a staging ground to march on the akan of the Black
Tortoise Cour, bur nearly all of the Winn Kuet who travel
to Karakorum hunt Anda. Though some few western
vampirescf Mongol or Chinese heritage remain within the
Middle Kinyslom, by the end of 1388, the Anda bloodline
isno mo

Prt AGE

jan Kui are i fractions fox; few wae car agree on
single moment (or even a year) tharsignals the turning of
the Age. In 1200, most Wan Kuetagree thar iris the Fourth
Age; by 1400, nearly allagree that it isthe Fifth. A Chanyan
wecalling itself che Harbingers of the Eternal Wheel point
to aauccession of events and suggest that, when taken in
total, they represent the crul of the:

1¢ Harbingers do not
1 to be the trigger any moce than any


single leafs fall can besaid tobe unum Feomthe conquest
of Kaiéeng by the Jin through the reconguest of China by
the Ming Dynasty, the Harbingers see a smooth progres
sion from Fourth Age to Pith,

By contrast, many fictions — especiilly inchiding
thore who sign the Treaty of the Quincunx — believe
firmly thar the corruption of the Jade Court and the
"Ancestor of Changan atthe end of the Ming Dynasty isthe
precise tuming point, Before the ancestor tumed alzona,
they say, the Middle Kingdom was firmly inthe grasp of the
Fourth Age, and might have lasted there for centuries
tore. But a being of the ancestor's power turing to the
‘Yama Kings assured the downfall ofthe Middle Kingdom.
Tarcicularly morcse youryg Bone Danvers suyiest that the
‘Wan Kucimay as wel start whunt forthe Demon Emperor
on their own, to hasten the wheel aking its path,

But Mono! Wan Kuci, those of the Black Tortoise
Courtin particular, andofthe White Tiger Court toalesser
degre, fee! curtoussenseof destiny vanguishedasthe Age
tums. They hod a great opportunity, or ao they sty, to turn
tuck the Eternal Whee itself —orat leas, in the words of
‘one aeverent Running Monkey, to stick a rock in the
spokes —and they mised it.

In the last few decades of the Yuan Dynasty, the nustht
guardian spirits of several wn of Mongol Wan Kuei pass
thelr vampiric charges messages from the Celestial Bureau
cracy, These messages pertain to the tuming of the Great
Wheel nd the many corrupe deagon nestson the northern

steppe. Some refer to the many akiuna who daaw power
from the nest, while others suggest that twisted Xiang Ren
shapechangers whose homes have become these corrupted

‘neste might prove ro he the shock tops af the Leman
Emperor. And so it goese There are too many tales for any
court to be absolutely sure that any given message truly
comes from Heaven. One or two wu of the Black Tortoise
make their wey northward to the great Tatar Beast Court
in the hope of soliciting asistance from their shamans;
others contact friendly Asien to the same end. But neither

cf those groups receive any messages from Heaven,

However, in the end pe
makes no difference. Asn variety of in descenal upon the
corrupt dragon nests of the northem steppe: without any
real coordination, either engorgement on detuonic Chi ot
being eaprured and tortured by the forces of Yomi Wan
twists most intoakuma. The light of Hell shines brightly on
the nighttime steppe in these days

Faced with the prior defection of at least a score of at
over the past wo centuries and most of their brethren is a
decade, the remaining loyal members of the Wandering
(Court are trapped. They have no desire to serve the ¥
Kings, hur itis obvious that the Bureaucrats of the Celestial
Emperor have struck at them deviously and without just

ause, Those who do not tur coward Hell split into two
tions. One group flees to the Courts of the West and
(Center, and itthey who sign the Treaty of the Ouincunx cn
behalf ofthe Black Tortoise in 1304. Inarigorously guarded
kuna of sores, the remaining true Black Tortoise Wan,
Kuet renounce both the light of Heaven and the darkness
of Yort, In.a reroll sent to Emperor Da of the White Tiger
Court in 1301, these renunciates declare themselves ex
empt from the laws of both Heaven and Hell. Ironically,
this letter confirms the former faction's legitimacy in the
eyesof the White Tiget and Yellow Emperor Courts settinu
the stage for the Treaty of the Quineun

Obviously, the renunciates are renegades, and itis at
least as much to exterminate them as to destroy the akaemaa
of the Black Tortoise thatthe ether August Couets arch
onthe northlands. The urmiesof the Ming Dynasty donot
artack Karakorum, the old Mongol capital, alone. As
Karakorum bums, nnd as building stones nre cast down,
vampitesofthe southern four courts ruthlessly destroy Wan
Koei uumedtoservice ofthe Yama Kings. The Miny destroy
Karakerum quickly und with lietle pain, the nughetim
battle among the Wan Kuet lasts weeks. In the end, the
Black Tortoise Court is no more: most have joined the
Quincunx. The akiona are destroyed oF routed, und the
renunciates flee into the dark wilderness, presumably
to be devoured by Xiong Ren o their former allies
who turned co Yorni



We should have knovoribetter than to stir up
Termyinisanger Ve should have known better

then to provoke birt to war. Viovw we have
brought this punishment on ourselves...

ghar: Togheil of the Reveujit, quoted irs
The Secret Distory of the Wlongols


CHARACTERS

There ure no fundamental differences in the pro-
ding Mongol characters and other types;
the same game systems apply. There are, however, some.
special considerations that reflect the harsh life on the
steppe:ind the unique position on vampires upon it. The
following advice applies most direcedly co Anda charac:
ters, che cruest of Mongol vampires, but may also be of
use for other Cainites and even for Wan Kuet of the
Black Tortoise Court. (Full information for creating
‘Wan Kuct of dus era appeam in World of Darkness:
Blood & Silk.) Players may also wish to look at the basic
game staristics fora Mongol horseman, on page 7, tose:

‘what their charucter's abilities might have been before
the Embrace or Second Breath:

ABILITIES

Onthesteppe, Skillsare more tmporeant than either
Talents or Knowledges. Nearly every ability in the Skills
column of a Vampire: The Dark Ages charscter sh

will come in handy regularly. By concrast, not every
Talent is needed; few characters get much wa out af
Larceny on the high plain, for instance. Even fewer

ever for a

Knowledges are useful; Hearth Wisdom (perhaps "Ger

Wisdom' would be more necurite on the steppe) takes
the roles that Academics, Law, Medicine and even
‘Occult might occupy in a European chronicle, Nor that
such Knowledges are bad or ou of character foraMongol
Cainine: tis simply the case that traditional learning is
neither common norvalued at least until Ogadet'sreign,
Inthe early days, Storytellers may wish to discourage the
acquisition of such Abilitiesin favor of Hearth Wisdom
by letting charicters make Hearth Wisdom rolls at a
shyghe penalty inplace of those Knowledges. WuZaoand
Wan Kuei of 2 more scholarly bent should use the
sandand Kaowledges, however, to reflect their mote
formal education.

DiscipuNnes
nite Disciplines are invaluable to the
nomadic vampire, and it is no coincidence that they are
Clan Gangrel's inherent gifts: Animalism, Fortitude and.
Protean. Animalism helps ensure a continuing food
supply, bland and distasteful though it may be; it can also
ve the plains hunter eyes to survey a great distance for
preyandallowsan Anda to ride a pony without spooking
it. Notevery sleep is restful, and novevery quest for adark
cave to sleepin ends at dawn; therefore Furtitunde's

WIND FROM THE EAST

protection is called for more often than the Mong
‘Cainice might wish. And the darksight and earth sleep
ingabilicies Protean grants make it well worth the tune
spent learning it. It thus becomes immediately obvious
why che Gangrel (and their Anda relatives) theive and
why they aresounwillingto teach Protean toother clans;
on the steppe, Protean can mean the difference between
survival and destruction,

By contrast, among nomadic Mongols, certain Dis:
caplines are largely unknown. Various forms of vampiric
sorcery are chief among these; although certains Paths
could be very useful, the Anda have no teachers, Mest
rituals waste too much time and energy in their casting,
and they often require heavy or esoteric materials to pull
off properly. Dominate is not as useful as Animalism
unless the Cainite plans te spend much of his time
travelling with a clan rather than living off the land.

Storytellers: may wish to restrict starting Mongol
characters to their clin Disciplines unless setting
chronicleafter 1220, when the Anda and WuZuo come
into contract with vampires of the West. Even as play
conrinues, without a foreign teacher, the characters
should only develop these inberent Disciplines and the
remaining "physical! o Potence and Celesity. Older
cluracters might also beable to learn Disciplines such as
Presence, Dominate and Obfureate without a teacher,
but this should take long time or eostextra experience
(increase che expetience poiint multiplies by [Yor such
ahilities, so chae they east Current Rating x 8 to raise) I
is highly unlikely that Mongol characters could learn
Proprietary Disciplines such as Obtenebration ot
Thasamiatungy without expat a Cainite whowleady
knows them,

‘Wan Kueiof the Black Tortoise Courthave access to
the full range of Disciplines available to Cathayans of
their era. The Godbodies of Earth and Fire (detailed in
World of Darkness: Blood & Silk) are very appropriate
because they reflectan attachment to Itigen and Teng,
respectively.

BACKGROUNDS
Backgrounds have the same basic functions as they

doinany other chronicle. The following notesserve only
to ndkress special cases and provide examples of specitic
applications in the social environment of the steppe

Allies: Use the Allies Background to represent a
mortal anda brother; surely such an individual is worthy.
of ewo dots in that Background if she was roughly the
character's equal in life. This number could increase to
three dots if the anda brother retains substantial influ
ence

‘Contacts: Contacts can come from nearly any tribe
‘or culture, as Mongols move around a great deal; at the


Storyreller's option, they may even be foreign vampires
or Xiong Ren shapechangers.

Generation: No Anda character may be lower than
Sth generation, and most are 9h or higher. Wu
allof [0th orlower genera '-

Herd: As discussed elsewhere, Anda (and some
Wan Kuei) typically draw their herds from the camps
they code with as mortals, hut this is hy no means
universal. Vampires who lay claim to a particulae tervi-
tory might feed on particular mortals in that territory, oF
a flexible Storyteller might allow an Anda who spends
tnuch of his time near a huey trade route to use the Herd
Background tw epresent his ability to hune hat trade
rte skilfully

Influence: The Influence Background rarely exe
tends beyond a single camp (ene dot); in the ete
occasion that a does, t ulmoxt never extends beyond
two full tribes, such as the Mongol and Naiman (who
together would be worth four dots). In Kublai Khan's
day, some Anda gain further Influence over areas of
Chinaalthough their bloodline's curseof mobility
nwintaining such power difficult. Wan Kuei operating
in lind Jin and Xixia areas can have a great deal of
Influence indeed.

Mentor: The niker relationship among the Anda
provides apertect vehicle for the Mentor Background.
relatively young neyan is worth only one dot while an
elder khan with plency of ocher ndker is works at Feast
three. A Mentor does not have to come from within
Mongol society, however, an enterprising Cainite of
Europe might see the value in a Mongol ally and student
and agree 60 teach her the ways of the west in rctuce for
unspecified services. A Wu Zao also makes a good
mentor, especially a teamed scholar of that line. Wu Za0
characters often have another of their blowdline as

‘often theirowa sire. Wan Kuei have mentors of
own kind, but rarely serve as one for a Cainite
Wan Kuci (and only Wan Kuet) can have a
guardian spirit known asa nushi. Among the nomads of
the Black Tortoise Court this isusually a Yang-aspected
nature oF ger spirit.

Resources: Mongolsdonot measure wealth in terms
of either gold or land ownership as Europeans tend to:
Instead, 2 Mongol's Resources Background tepresents
fine ger, several wives, fine horses or trade goods. Many
Mongol vampires survive well enough with no Re-
sources dots, but to have a horse and hunting geary
single dot is necessary, Additional dots would go to
support a yasio to build and carry a ger, and otherwise
paticipate in society as a wealthy Mongol. Successful
WuZao—witha stockpile of lore and pilfered treasures

1 dots in this Background.

Retainers: Anda, used to self-rel
sionally have this Background, usually representing,
shaman or chieftain of the vampire'syasun herd. Mongol
‘Wan Kuei follow the same model. Wu Zao, on the other
hand, often have several mortal or ghou! retainers who
serve as aids, researchers and guards as well as other
functions.

Status: Storytellers and players should keep in mind
thar Status comes into play both during lone meetings
andar keriltaamong Anda, itis largel
Wan Kuci do not use this Background

Merits AND FLAW!

Storytellers who allow Merits and Flaws have to
keepacertain amount af control over them. The follow-
ing ones ate particulacly inappropriate for nomadic
characters: Church Rank, Institutional Control, Manse,
Unskilled, Territorial (foe Anda, chat is, due to theit
bloodline weakness) and True Faith (even raret among
Mongols than Europeans), Church Rank, Institutiotul
atrol and Manse can be found more often after the
hment of the empire around the time of Genghis
Khan's death: On the other hand, the following Merits
Celestial Attunement,
Kuei), Second
in China or for
ced, A few unique Merits
tind Flases appear on page 75.

Roaps

Many Anda fillow the unique Road ofthe Vasa (see
p. 75), but chat does not mean the other Camites Vise
aren't open to Mongol characters, Some are more appr
priate than others, however.

"The Road of Heaven stands out

function of age.

Enemy or Hunted (especial!

being inappeopri
ate tor most Mongol Cainites, A very tew Mongols

associated tribes are Nestorian Christ
«© the Roail isn't unheard of, but, as is mentioned in
many other places, religion just doesn't matter that much
to the average Mongol. They are unlikely to adliere too
closely to the Judéo-Christian mindset without @ very
geod reason. The Anda put litle weighe on the diablerie
taboo; this renders the Road of Blot less of an attrac
tion, Like the Koad of Heaven, the Roads Pardo and
Typhon are tightly tied to a mindset that the Mongols
Justdon't follow. This doesn't mean that characters who
take them are wrong for doing so; ic simply means thi
the player should justify the choice in termn of the
character's background.

The Road of Humanity is very common, as in mint
vampiric cultures; on it, Mongol Cainites try simply to
live bythe same moral imperatives they followed in life.
‘The Roads of the Beast and Chivalry both have some

of course,


fication, of course: the Via Bestiae docs not allow for us
much clevemess and cunning as some players. might
prefer: and the Via Equitum would need a sig
overhaul Players interested in runrunyy art"
Mongol must remember that the Mongol philosophy
was rather pragmatic and focused around the need ro wine
battles at all cost. rather than the need to look use
front of the peasantry. The Road of the Yast is, in some
ways, a Mongol synthesis of the Roads of the Beast and
Chivalry
The Wa. Zao mest commonly follow the Road of

Humanity. Those who see their quest for enlightenment
insceverencial light may well walk the Road of Heave
although which vision of paradise they seek to ernulate

pends on their mortal background More pragmatic
temple thieves may fallow a version of the Road of
Chivalry.

The Wan Kuet do not follow Roads bur the more

complex Dharmas at the center of thelr belief,
of the orthodox Dharmas are open to Black Tortoise

athayans and several also follow ane of the heretical
ppths (which are tolerated in so open a court), Full
details appear in World of Darkness: Blood & Silk,

New Traits

The following Traits reflect the unique cite
stances and nomadic lifestyle of the Mongols. Some

available only toCainites, athersonly to Wan Kui ancl
some to both, The Storyteller is, as always, the final
judge as to what Traits are available in her eheonicle

ANva Discreuine Powrrs
(Ma)

Owing to the unique nature of unlife on the steppe,
the Anda use the their Disciplines in ways few western
Cainites do. They refer to their unique abilities volle
tively as "Ma," a word for hose stolen from the Chinese;
they tend to s¢e all those powers as just an extension of
the Animalism Discipline. Animalism worksasit does in
the West, but many Anda know techniques to enhance
ani specialize theit use of this power.

All Anda can fear one Ma power for free avsoon as
they have the necessary Disciplines at the appropriate
level; for all others, they must spend the experience
point cost listed with the abilicy. Only a yery short
window of opportunity exists for non-Anda Cainites to
Jearn the Anda's spectal techniques with Animalism,
There isonly one way that a Mongol vampire not of the
Anda lineage can learn Ma: She must have an Anda
Mentor (Mentor ## or greater) who is willing to teach
it to her. As well, she must spend the experience point

WIND FROM THE FAST

cost and have the prerequisite abilities listed with the
power,

STEAL THE TER
CANiMausM Le
Levet ONE)

At times an Anda must cross enormous distance ar
reac speed, Monigolridersare fas, covering more than i
Rindred miles a day under good conditions by eiding.
three of four horses, (Even vast Mongol armies compris:

g 100,000 riders can cover fifty or sixty miles in a day,
more than four times what comparable European armies
can cross.) Steal the Terrible Swiftess allows the Andu
to se the steengeh and speed of the Mongolian stcpre
pony when notte ute to bé found, He ean cover 100 miles
of more in a night, running across the steppe at what
t0uinds to thove nearby to bea full hones gallop, Flow
vers he cantonatop form, Hood convention oace
hiohus liken to mucting, he mitkeen movingoc lose the
behefits of chis technique fo¥ the night

System: Spend one blood point and roll Stamina +
Athletics, difficulty 6. Should the player achieve ar least
‘one success, the character can move overland ata rate of
20 miles per hour until he stops of slows to less than half
his fll sped foe any reaton. Avdicional success,
milesperhourrathechoracter'srate of travel. The player
ean sperid Willpower to allow the Ainda ta stop or slow.
without losing the effects of Steal the Terrible Swiftness:
one Willpower point must be spent for exch tum the
character does not retum to his normal speed, If this
Willpawet is-noe: spent, the:chasatter loves the great
speed and may not use Steal the Terrible Swiftness again
thor nighe

This power costs 5 experience points to learn.
SHARED STRENGTH |
CANIMALISM Level. THREE,

Prorean Leven Two)

Most Cainites frighten sensitive animals suet as
dogs, cats and horses. The Anda, however, depend on
the steppe pony to survive and learn to create a super
natural hond with their steeds, Like many Mongols on
long journeys or in times of hardship, the And might

drink the blood of a hone; those who know this Ma
sometimes return the favor. They can not only speak
with their moun (as per Feral Speech), but may grant it
other benefits by feeding ir some blood.

System: The Andafeedsane point of his blood to his
steed and the ployer rolls Charisma + Animal Ken,
difficulry 7. Each success can be spent on one of the
following abilities (cach ability lasts for a number of days
equal to the vampire's ting in Animalism);

* Double the mount's maximum movement rate
overlongdistances—extrasuccesses spenthere increase

E SWIFTNESS
wo, ForTITUDE


the multiplier by 1,soan Andawhospendstwosuccesses three times ax quickly over a lim dista
stance movement enableshishorse tomeve at omy need the riormal amount of foot!
le normal speed. The creature will need only the effects will last for three days

umount of food and rest during this tin Blood fed to: mount for the purpases of Shared
uible the mount's galloping spec Strength do not count toward the blood oath or making
longdistance movement cesses spent theanimal npacible with
speed increase the muluplier by L, so. an Anda who those
spel four sucess om galloping speed increases the ence points ta

gallop to five times irs normal speed .

* Incremeany fthomeun'sPhyeal Armibate'by — PRUGEN'S

id rest. These

This power is nor ince

Strength costs 12 experi

W LEVEL. ONE;

maximum of double its natural level) Protran LEVEL THREE)
Adhere the Anda to his mount; he cannot be The esl a deco canndeude to sith
cd uless he chooses to leave the horse's back. of the siepre they mist winder ae
ants +l rotheRidedicepooland +1 tothe Melee them this earth ls the heh «

when thi ihting from hors ttis she who praitects them fre

larly successful arterors to unhorse the vam:
pire (5 or more successes) may, ac che Storytellers

jamage the horse or rider rather than fo

They | at dhe fore
allows them to extend this protection to their close
followers such as childer and ghouls so thar these lesers
may slumber alongside them. Most commonly, Anda
homemen we wwe ctheir ponies with ther
Unlucky is the morml who sees #1 J Mongol
change out of the very isk!

fer ane indistinguish
save that the vampire must expend additional blood to
bring another under the earth with her. The player

GIFTS OF THE SKY AND EARTH

wr Example: Tarmakhan, an Anda with Shared
ath and Animalism # needs to ride fom Sarai to
an as quickly as he can. His Charisma + Animal
ice pool is 6, ama he rolls 4 successes. He spends
two of his successes to ruse the creature's Stamina by 2 Wo
5. The other two successes are spent to increase the
creature's distance movement rate. The pony will move


spends.an extra blood point and the vampire ean inert
houl,childe (or other vampiric descendant) of another
vampire bound to her through the blood oath. An
ineerred ghoul can be human or animal, but no larger

a horse. Only & vampire who traces her ancestry

Jn the character or is under the blood oath can be
so interred. Both creatures must enter the earth at the
same time, hoth feel the same effects, and both leave the
earth when the elder who possesses this ubility willsit to
be so. More feral vampires find using this power on
childer co be rather distasteful —a whelp who can't dig
or find irsown holes until learning Interred in the Earth
tsn'eworth keeping, But more pragmatic Cainites, expe
ciully after the rise of the Mongol Empire, put less stock
tn the barbarian mystique.

This power costs 10 experience points to lean.

Biack Tortoise RITES

Wan Kuet of every era use rituals unique to their
time: The Mongol era fasts less than two centuries, but
many of the ritunls listed below are quite appropriate
throughout that time. They may be available to miodern,
chiracters at the Storyreller's discretion, though many
of thems will be difficulr ro enact oF pointless to bother
with: Using a messenger-spirit in the days of telephone
service js just a waste of Chi. These rituals are primarily,
available to Black Tortoise Wan Kuei; vampires of other

coures imay know them, at the Storytelier's discretion,

though it is suggested that the character have a good
reason for knowing them, such us a Mentor from Black

Tortoise lands. Cainites cannot use these rites.

Speak THroagi THE TONGUE OF
THE DRAGON (Levet. One Rive)

a Wan Kuei travels hundreds or thonisands of
from hichome, he may wish to send messages back
distant court. Speaking Through the Tongue af the
Dragon allows the Wan Kuet to do precisely that, The
» Kuei finds a minor spirit in keeping with his
direction and yivesi¢ asta stem, generally handmade,
valuable to that spirit (a spitit of the north wind might
fequire w sinall sculpture in ice, while a spirit af the
cetiter may demand five lotus petals), He may then
ragon nest asthe destination. When the spirit

reaches that nest, it will politely inquire as to whether
the Wan Kuci named is present; should any Wan Kuct
successfully present herself as that message's recipient,
the spirit will whisper the message in her eat and depart,
‘ts task complete. If no one steps forward to claim the
age, the spirit will wait until che dawn and then
System: The Wan Kuel must nivest his gift to the
spirit with one point of Chi. The player rolls Wits +

WIND FROM THE EAST

‘Crafts (difficulty 6) o represent the skill with which the
giftwas made; spending more than two hours on the gift
gives the player an extra two dice on this roll. Successes
on this roll give the spirit u dice pool to detect those
fabely presenting themselves as the recipient
message (roll this dice pool against « difficulty equ

the liat's Manipulation + Subrerfuge; even ane success
means thar the fayade is pierced), The message should be
no longer than about a hundred words, There is no n
forthe Storyteller o count each word, of course; sh
decide a message is "long enough" at her discretion.

‘SENSE OF THE GER (LEVEL ONE RITE)

Wan Kuel of the Black Tortoise Court often pay
visits to the mortals of the steppe north of the Great
Wall. Steppe hospitality being what it is. a stranger
might well be invited into a nomad family's ger for cest
and conversation; she is likely to receive offers of food
and small gftsas parcof that hospitality. A ger is sacred
space; the very presence of a properly maintained ger
subtly disturbs the Chi flow in a small area. A Wan Kuet
can use Sense of the Ger to locate any gershe has entered.
in the peat five nights. Doing.so:requires.a minor en:
chantment of uny of the food oF gifts she received ar that
ger: The Wan Kuei must take the gift orfood received and
burn incense around it for two hours; the gift itself burns
as thesurrounding incense does, andat the end of the pwo
hours, the gift is wholly consumed. The fine ash of the
gift need only be sprinkled on n virgin piece of parch:
mene

‘System: The player should roll the Wan Kuei's
Intelligence + Occult, with adific
Wall. Ifthe toll succeeds the ash forms itself inte line
clearly pointing cut the current direction of the ger. The
lineislonger and thinner the further away the geri: oxie
within a few miles appears wide ay the Wan Kuei's
thumb, while one more chan a hunudeed miles distant
provides a thin, almost ghostly line. A failure gives
meaningless sprinkle pattern, while a botch gives disas-
trously inaccurate information (pointing the character
at the nearest Xiong Ren court, for instance)
Enemcue (Leven Taree Rive)

Enemies of the Mongols often speak of the barbar-
ini" arrows bs seeking them or thelr hors fom all
directions. A Mongol Wan Kuei whoknews the Encircle
rite can enchant her arrows s0 that they hame in on i
taet even ifshe faves directly away from her target. The
arrows used for this rite cannot have any other form of
enchantment or them; they must be dedicated for the
Encircle rite only. The Wan Kuel takes a small amount
‘ofher own blood and mixesit with a bit of steppe soll and
srround ginger root; she dips the arrows to be enchanted
in this mixture while speaking sacred words,


System: The Wan Kiiei must expend one point of
either Yin or Yang Chi through lost blood for every nine
arrows to be enchanted. The player should roll Intelli-
gence + Archery, with no more Archery dive rolled than.
the character has dots in the Rituals Knowledge, Each
succes gives the playeran additional die in his Archery
dice pool when firing one of these enchanted arrows.
Additionally, che target of such an arrow gets no defen-
sive horus far cover or being at an odd angle to the
thooter; enchanted arrows will home thelr way to the
target, dodging around obstacles asnecessary. The shooter
‘can still miss (if his roll to hut fails or the target dodges),
fur only shrtuigh sucha contest of Wl wil he d

The arrows can be transferred to another Wan Kuei;
a set of nine should be considered to be a level two.
artifact for purposes of Backgrounds,

STRENGTH OF THE HERD
(Levet Turee Rive)

In times of extreme danger, the Wan Kuel must
Somnetimes call on vast reserves of strength. This rite
provicles that power, but ata cost. To perform the rite,
the vampire fire spends an hour in ritual purification,
through prayerormeditationon his Dharma, When that
hour is complere, the Wan Kuei consumes all the blood
‘ofasteppe pony. Note that naotherkind ofhorse suffices
hore — the captured desteier of a Hungarian knight has
no effect, This consumption is a disgusting and bloody
thing: The Wan Kuei's body becomes bloated almost
beyond recognition with the vast intake of blood, and a
sheen of blood covers her skin as the fluid attempts to
excape through every available pore and orifice. With
the consumpticin of the vital essence of the horse,
however, the Wan Kuci hecomes immensely strong,
easily able to heft one of the ponies she just devoured,

System: The Wan Kuei receives no Chi sustenance
through the consumption of the pony's blood for the
Strength of the Herd rite (Wan Kuei cannot draw Chi
fiom animal blood); her untiviny form does convert che
Hoos energy into raw strength, however. The player
rolls Stamina + Rituals (difficulty 6) to enact this rite;
failure mesns the vampire simply cannot consume the
huge volume of blood she needs, On a botch the charac-
tet vomits up huge, humiliating gouts of blood and is
Unable to use this rite again for at least 24 hours, If she
succeeds, however, the Wan Kuei'sStrength isincreased
by one per success (toa maximum of twice her nortnal
maximum Strength). This strength lasts a base of four
hours, during which time the character's Appearance
trait is halved, The character may spend successes to
extend the duration of the ritual, rather than to increase
the character's strength, each success so spent adds one
hour to the ritual's duration.

COMMUNE WITH 1
Levit Four Rive
This rite is typically performed at the highest point
in the surrounding landscape. such that no higher point
is visible from that promontory. Ifthe surrounding land-
scape is all equally flat, the rite is much less likely to
succeedk ancestors suggest that the Wan Kue search for
a suitably high promontory before beginning the ritual.
The vampiric supplicant to Mongke Koke Tengti
muse shedall Clothing and allow herself to be wrapped in
the night sky while kneeling in one position for at least
four hours and praying 10 the sky god. ‘The supplicant
may move and speak, but may not rise forany reason, lest
she spoil the rite. During this time, the vampire feels a
cat, shining presence cometuher;thegreatspirit ofthe
ulless:<ky touches the supplicant's soul, and for a
moment she can see the shining, sunlit blue sky of the
daytime steppe and the clarity that it brings. When the
necessary time has elapsed, the Wan Kuel receives in.
sight regarding the greatest problem she currently faces
Whether this insight truly comes from Tengri is the
subject of great dehate among Blick Tortoise Wan Kuel,
‘System: Spend | Yang Chi. Ar the end of the four
‘hour poried, roll Stamina + Rituale (difficulty 7, oe up to
9 in severe weather or if the character performs the rite
in the middle of a plain). The player lets the Storytellee
know the character's primary concern during the com:
munion period. The Storyteller counts successes and
‘consults the following table to give the character infor
mation about his communion:

Successes Information

Botch

Outright lies provided by a servant of
the Yama Kings.

No information.

‘Vague hints, poetic commentary.

Indirect clues that hine at a resolution
of the problem
A name, a face or a place. Often

rather impressionistic, as « painting

Flashes of future or distant events; a
Extended glimpses of specific scenes
yet to oceur, oF which the character
would have no way of having wit
nieised (a murder with no witnesses,
for instance),

Additionally, these successes act as additional dice

to the player's dice pool when the character confronts
thesourceof his problem,

this purpose — they might add to a Perception + Inve

GIFTS OF THE SKY AND EARTH


fa murder or a Dexterity +
deombat. Thedice must

wal at the scene
Juringa long
is purpose within te

Melee ro
laysof enacting the tite.

The Great Knan's COMMUNION
with TENGRI

Note that Genghis Khan himself performed
ritual similar to@ommune with Tenge: during his
life; however, there are open differences between
thetwo Did the Great Khiin learn secrets from the
Wan Kuei! That prospect isunlikely, forthe Black
Tortoise: hod no:contact with, him os his eamp
before his rise: to, power, The mortal shaman's
ritual to contaetTengri comes froin the same root
as the Wan Kuel ritual to do the same thing, and

likely neither one is more correct; itis simply the
‘ease that the Wan Kuei can fueltheir communion
using Chi while most mortals cannot.

COMMUNE WITH ITGGEN

(Lev Four Rive)
Unlike Commune with Tengri, above, this rite ts
performed im hidin Wan Kuei who wishes com-
ind travel deep into a cave until ne:

moon he as visible. Suck caves are well

of heavy
sanctify the cave he wishes to use before bi
A Wan Kuei chooses to commune with Mother
{tigen for ane of two main purposes'
fertility or to gain her gift of sttength, The performance
of the rite
incense and carefully writes along prayer onto a pristine
scroll, He the histime, the eave
may be t he or for the seroll
to bum prope
for several hours. When this rime
ns have been true, the Wan Kuei will receive
ft asked for
System: The chuwcice ess perfouun une rituals
deseribed above; the player then rolls St
(difficulty 2).
IF the character seeks Ietigen's gift of fertility and
achieves four or mare successes, any or all Chr in her
rem is converted to Yang Chi, at the character's
discretion: ifshe becomes Yang-imbalanced at thispoint
she may be able to sire or bear a dhampyr (as appropr'
ace). I che character seeks Teugen's gift
ly adds one die to

imilar in. cach eace: The vampite burns


THE ROAD OF THE YASA

The Road of the Yasa (the "Via Yasay" co those who
insist on the Larinate form; Yasaq is the adjectival form
of Yasa) has similarities to both the Road of the Beast

d the Road of Chivalry but has elements found in
nvither. The guiding philosophy of the Road of the ¥:
is thar the settled, wder residents o ies ure weak,
if tbey Cannio fight adequately w defend their lives
ind their property, they deserve to lose both. Those who:
follow the Road of the Yasa receive the sobriquet "Bar
barians" from their more settled brethren, but it ts a
badge they wear with price.

The Barharians are ferociously protective of their
mortal and Camite families, as well as their anda broth:
ers, regardless of whether their blood brother hasreceived
the Embrace. Any threat to.one of them is threat coche:
vampire who follows this Road. Pc honor is also
tremendously important to Cainites on the Via Yasig:
honesty and discipline are paramount. However, the
traditional European concept ofhonoron thebartlefield
is lost on them: The Barbarian fights ro win at all costs.
Feints, spies, smoke, loud noise and gunpowder explo-
stvesare all acceptable weapons. The labors of civilization
are anathema to the Barbarian, but the fruiss of thar
Ksbor are not,

The virtues of the Road of the
and Self-Control.

are Conviction

MERITS AND FLAWS

The following Merits and Flaws are specially de-
signed for a Mongol chronicle; chey can be used in other
settings only as the Storyteller permits. They are avail
able to Andaand other Mongol Cainites as well as Wan
Kuet of the Black Tortoise Court.
UNOFFENSIVE TO FNIMALS
a) or 2 pt. Merir

With this Merit, the vampire charncter does not
cause hostile or even unsettled reactions im animals she
encounters: instead the aninvals simply es Aiea
ordinary human. For one point, the character can avoid

setting a particular species; for two points she can be

inoffensive to all ordinary natural creatures (though
natural, such as black cats or owls, might still renct
unusually co che character's presence, at the Storyteller's

discretion), Characters with this Merit cannot take
Repulsive te Animals

ENSE OF THE Stock (3 pr. Meri)

The vampire with Sense of the Stock receives much
the same unconscious feelings of mistrust as animals
when they are confronted by vampires and other ex
tures of the night. She reacts in. animalistic fashion:
Hackles rise, nostrils flare and so on. An experienced

HIERARCHY OF SINS
| Rating Transgresion
Speriding mote than three nights in one place
Disobeying the order of your nayan

Lying to one who has proved himself honest
Ignoring an insult

Abusing your herd

Performing "civilize" tabor

Losing battle due to pride
Lying 10 your family or anda

Betraying your family

Betraying your anda

|

Rationale
‘Only weakings nnd mortals need rest
The hurt ails i all donot sek as dine
Honesty isa pasture; let it grow freely
Insise pe vespect from he fist ght after death

The herd belongs to the family, not the vampire

Sectentary weak ings spend their days sceubbling at
the ditt; we ate warriors

Defeat the enemy, ignore the rest
Shieh a arf

to himself

The botiel of blood is all char macters

The deliberate bond of blood is the most important |

GIFTS OF THE SKY AND EARTH


san repress the obvious reaction but still

mtnctually that something strange isgoingon,
A vampire — either Cainite er Wan Kuei— with this
Merit aotices the human nature of a vampire, mani-
fested vhost or demon-possessed mortal if the player
succeeds ona roll of Perception + Animal Ken (difficulty
8); while the chameter cannot differentiate between
different kinds of monsters, she does know that the
Person ty not an ondinary mortal. This Merit does not
{rigger in response co Xiong Ren or hsien as both of those
breeds have a closer affinity to nature than vampires do.
At the Storyteller' discretion, Cainites on the Via
Bestine or Yang-imbalanced Wan Kuei may not trigger
this Merit.

Repaistve To AntMats @ pr. Faw)
With this Flaw, every natural animal the vampire
encounters ts automatically and severely upset by her
presenice. Creatures tend to panicand flee;sote rare few
‘might instead artack. The charicter cannot calm the
creaturesdown with Animal Ken rolls; it requires either
use of Animalism or a taste of vampire blood (which
ghouls the creature) to settle the beast down. Characters
with this Flaw cannot mke inoffensive to Animals.

Spirits OF NATURE

Despite the Mongols relatively light religious senti
iment, sheie spitit word is quite rich, And amd mortals

have little or no direct contact with spirits but respect
and honor them in their daily (and nightly) activities.
Shamans, Wan Kuei and Cainites with special gifts can

interact much mote accively with the spirit work, The
following section provides a few guidelines for parmray-
ing the spirits of the steppe in play.

As described elsewhere, in the Mongol world-view,
spittes inhabit most natural things and have many of the
characteristics of the anirnal, plant or terrain they em-
body: They typically have some magical powers, and can
often lear secret information by communig with their
brethren, who might have witnessed an otherwise hid-
den event. Their behaviors are as varied as humans!
might be; some are flighty while others ate quite serious.
Though there is some correspondence between theit
simnermuteures and their demeanors, chere doesn thave to
be —a mountain's spirit might.well be imposing, solid
and slow tochange, but it might just as well have a sense
cof humor and speak quickly.

Storytellers with access to Kindred of the East
should use the information in the section entitled "The
Terr Thousand Spirits," starting on page 209 of that
book, to describe nacute spirits in game terms when
necessary. Those without can use the sample spirits
listed below as templates, ot steal spirit templates from

WIND FROM THE EAST

ffadozen orsvather World of Darkness books
thar have them. In general, spirits have only three traits
Willpower, Rage (which is used as an attack dice poo!)
and Gnosis (which is used to power charms much os
Blood points are used to power vampiric Disciplines)
Storytellers who wish ro use Kindred of the East o

define spirits are free tw do so, of course.

Dara, THE ere ONON River

‘When she appears to those who summon her (or,
more rarely, when she chooses to embody herself before
«potential ally or enemy), Dara appears.asu translucent
woman carved of flowing wacer. Her hips and legs trail of
into @ waterspout thar runs back to the Onon. She is
‘quick to take offense at those who might sully her purity
by bathing or washing in the Onon's depths, though she
freely allows crossingatthe few tordson the upper Onon.

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6

Charms: Appear (allowshertobeseen atherchoice);
Cleanse the Blight (allows her to remove spirit cor
ruption from an area); Shapeshift (allows her to change
her visage and form, though not her traits)

TZAKOK, \ Ger Fire Spirir

Teakok is quick to tike offense, bur loyal to the
family that resides in his ger and 0 their welcomed
guests. Heappearsasa short, yappy dog with sharp teeth
invasmall mouth. He does not have much w say, though
he does have i fitly good memory for events thit have
happened within his ger. Unfortunately, he has 4 faitly
had memory for conversations in that ger so an emer:
gency interrogation may nor go so well.

Rage 5, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4

Charms: Blast Flame (expend power t da 2 dice of
aggravated damage), Create Fires (ordinary, untargeted
fires thar must catch on something flasumable ot eo out
in one turn),

TENGRI AND ITGGEN,
Gobs OF THE STEPPE

Father Tengri, go of the sky and creator of the
world, isthe most revered of all Mongol gods arid spitits,
and it 1s not hard to see why; on the steppe, the hiemi-
sphere of the blue sky above dominates all other thins.
In few other places ts the sky as grand, Tenge Is n
typically perceived as having a physical incarnation
(thereare nostatues or pictures of him), for he is literally
the embodiment of the sky. However, Tenigti does have
at least two sors that he may have created whole,
Humans draw energy fro Tenge' through the eros of
the head,

The weather is seen as manifestation of Teng
‘nivod. When the great god is calm or happy, the sky is
clear and the wind is juse enough to keep a rider cool.


When he isangry, however, thunderstormssweep across
the plain at a rapid pace, with lightning oles marking
places, things and people chat have eamed Tengri's
displeasure. The god has purified stones anal trees struck
by lightning, and the shards of those things are quite
valuable to shamans, who can use them in alchemical
mixtures of all kinds, Tengei is also directly invoked in
‘ainmaking rituals, which are often a necessity on the

dy steppe

aspects ee Intigen are fic-
Res hee eter trees edt

reflaee these spitts' place in the World of Dark:
‘hess, This ection isnot intended to bea primeron
real-world shamanism or real-world Mongolian
sfumanic beliefs; the reader who is interested in
such is encouraged to seek out his or her local

library or bookstore; which is sure to bea more
reliable source of information

Iriigen , like Tengri, is not personified; there
icons of her image, for she is the earth itself.
women than men revere Itigen as she is seen as the
mother goxdess and the mistress of fertility — indeed,
Itogen ‘s daughter is thought to be the goddess of the
womb itself, and sacrifices to both goddesses are appto-
priate for a woman who wishes to bear « chil
Trees are a representation of liugen 's powe
they make the best sites for worship of, sacrifice
‘communion with the earth goddess — though cay
underground sites ate also appropriate, Through her
relation to the tree, Itagen also has influence over fire,
anid many fice spirits pay her heed
s ate entirely up to the Storyteller
some unexpected reason) acti
U, these gous should remain distant
destiny, not personified spirits
character ean interact with directly,

STEPPE SYSTEMS

Mongol life on the steppe is far removed from the
anor urban lifestylesof Europe and China, Tohelp
you in telling stories in this environment, this section
provides chanics tocoversome
unique Storytellerscanofcourse
adapt these systems to other uses and import mechanics
from World of Darkness: Blood & Silk and other
apprpriate sources

Basic PROFILES

The following simple game profiles can be useful
when faced with portraying mortal Mongols, either it
allies or enemies. Players of Mongol characters can aleo
tase these saristics asa hasts when choosing their Traits

Monoot Horseman,

Many diferent men ride with the Mongo! horde,
from teenagers to the elderly. The following profile
Tepresents ain experienced horseman,

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
(Charisma 2, Manipulation 2. Appearance 2. Pereeption 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertriess 1, Athletics 1, Brow! 1, Dodge 1
Intimidation |

killa: Animal Kon 3, Archery 4 (moxnted), Ride 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 1, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Road of Humanity: 6

Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK/-1/-11-21-2/-5flncapacitated'Dead

Equipment: Short composite how, 60 arrows (light
arrows are Damage 3, Range 300 yards; heavier arrows
are Damage 4, Range {50 yards), tance, mace, short
sworn, horsehair rope, leather coar or esinass (as light ot
composite armor), three ot four hardy steppe ponies and
all dhe quis he can drink

Moneo. Warnors
The Mongol warhorse — by some standards, simply
asteppe pony — isthe vehicle by which the Mongol war
machine conquers the world. It is hardy, brave and
of thriving on even the relatively sparse vegeta
thon ofthe steppe. [eisswiftecthan the masse European
destrier,buteannot take the punishment that such larget
horses can, Numbers in parenthesis indic
ghoul horse
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stan
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: (
Sflacapacirated/ ead
crack Trample or kick for 6 dice; bite for 3 (4)
lermness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 1 (2)
Disciplines: (Potence 1)
Blood Pool: 5 (6+)

ea typical


TRE Farri

Other than occasional problems with a ger (see p.
21), Mongol vampires strength of
True Faith sufficient tostymie them. Religion justdoesn't
affix itself too strongly to the typical Mongol until the
later days of the empire (Guyuk or Kublai' reign, per-

hups). In the early days, the only real exception to this
& the Mongol

wield thet

apo
s- Only one ger in 100 hus a True Faith rating of
haps ane in 10,000 of those might h ting of

When Mongo! Cainites first encounter Islamic
khisandNestorian Christian priests with Truc Faith,
b with confusion. Some see these
he Andi should not travel so far
npaigns of terror against religious
yngro be certain that these messengers
yi will bring their eventual destruction,

‘The shaykhs and priests families are usually the first
targets of such attacks. They do not survive long, Ifthe
churches the priests use are nat bastions of True Faith

the Anda also strike at those, trying to buen,
them down or simply knock stone from stare. Local
varnpiricnuthority usually intervenesaftera church fire,
as fire ina medieval city i never something that a
Cainite prince wants to condone. Bur the result is
usually the same: The religious figure backs away from.

the vampire he was previously harassing, #0 the Anda
{to think of this asa good tactic to keep using,

WarraARE

The Mongol war machine brings destruction, horror
und conquest tom Eastem Europe to Southern China
ini beyonul. Supremely skilled horsemen, the Mongols
defeat almost all comers until the Mamluks in Galilee

Compitr FROM HORSEBACK

if extensive training, Mongol warriors

nearly all have the "Mounted" spectalzation to their

Archery skill. Ina traditional baerle — using a Mongo-

Manorhowane bg steppe pony — they suffer no

for launchmgarrows rom horseback atanything,

Keo cna op. Firing at full yallop impeses +1

difficulty penalty while doing very difficult things like

firing backwards at a full gallop causes a +2 o¢ higher
penalty — ot the Storyteller's discretion,

Asilescribesd ini Chaprer One, Mongols faced with a
heavily such as the traditional Euro-
pean knight are prone to shoot his horse out
him, Game statistics for the traditional
wathorse Gan be found in the Dark Ages Companion or
The Ashen Knight

WIND FROM THE EAST

Mongols re very skilled horsemen: when faced with
acavalry charge they scatter, ourdistancing snd outma.
neuvering enemy horses. Should the Storyteller wish co
play such is contest out —a Mongol warrior attempting
to keep outof the reach of an onrushing Ventrue knight,
for instance — contests of Dexterity + Ride (rarger 6)
should be made between the evo riders. Do not forget
anply Dexterity dice pool penalties due to armor encum-
bance in this scenario. Keep track of net successes
side co rack up 5 net successes frst gets its desire (either
closing wy melee ra 7

tie im any tum, the relative situation does not change
although both riders obviously continue moving in

{Hon to the surrounding terra

ORSEPLAY
ir mounted combat appear in several
summarized here for your conve

© The mounted character's Ride Skillserves,

maximum for any combat Ability used on
iinetie oka! tape wlaiice Melee chan

Ride, for exumple, use Ride instead.

» * Onureil bartefield, rather thana hunt or

one-on-one combat, horses may get out of their

ee esas pies li
characters? dice pools 16 allow for a Wits +

Ride roll ta keep in control of the moun

' Trained horses can trample foes; wse the
‘rider's earls + Ride to bit and apply 0
ace for warhiotse and ity ilk) or 7
dice 's destrier and similarly sized

Siaenes rarget. Avfailure orbarch
‘on this roll to hit leaves the horse wide oper to
attack from the intended target.

© A Janice miay be use from, horseback; it
_ requires Ride 3 tails Spand does 8 dice of
"Gamage on asuiceessful it; chose struck must al
roll Strength + Athletics witha difficulty of (4+
"atticker's successes) tonwoid beingknockes! down
Very sinall characters cannot tse a lance: at all:
Very large ones (with the Huge Size Metit) do 2
extra dice of dsinage,

* Bows fied from horseback suffer a +2
difficulty penalty at walk or cancer and @'+4
difficulty penalty at a trot,or faster, unless the
‘rider hans the "Mounted" specialisation co his
Axchery sill.


SACKING A CiTy

andl sack ofa city sa complex and chaatie
process and the following sys
sketch the broad stroke
details ldconsult thet
bibliog

When dealing with theattack ona city, con
approach tw the community, Some defer
may choose to place same of t armiesout
itself to keep the barbuians from doing too much dam

than they are at fighting in the open, and if the enemy
with the opportunity

rules in the Dark

is most easily
nce + Leadership rolls
enetal's Perception + Lead
the generals of cach side

Ages Companion; the general outc
decided with contested Intell
(hifficulry of the op

up) by those pocuayin

ances such as battlefield
rain and $0 «
sree waiting outside the ¢
ly to just ride up
nd entry. A Manipulation + Intimidation roll by
ryan's player (difficulty
just that. Gaining entry in
requites 3 successes —
and outnumber th
already

}) may suffice
way generally
more if the defenders are secure
Mongols fewer if the defenders are
nicked by rumor or by seeing cheit allie
‘ in the field, Storytellers may prefer to roleplay
the interaction out and decide the results based on

city is unwilliy

Is will have to lay sie;
too complicated to whip together «simple die rol systet
to manage them; they are a volatile mix of starvation
tactics and intimidation with a good dose of infiltration,
spying and occasional suicide attacker of
defender, Remember that Mi es used siege
weapons, especially artillery and explosives, very ently


(on these things can prove disaettous to Cainites within
abesieyed city

Ithistory is any guide, the armies of the Great Khan
eventually enter the city. This leads to a few days (and
nights) of sacking, looting, rape, burning and murder,
Times like this are both great opportunities and chal-
Jenges for Cainites in the city. Mast vampires will hose
cone oF more of their havens. If a city is burning, the
Storytellermay wish to rofladie every two or three game
hours, with a"I" indicating thar a character's haven isin
danger. Charocrets with extensive holdings in sicked
city are likely to lose one or mare dots of the Resources
Background unless they have sufficient warning of the
comming sack and can spirit away their valuables or just
relocate. Such Cainites are equally likely to lose dots in
the Influence Background iftheirpolitical powers great
in a targeted city, and Influence is much harder to
felocate

Feeding inacity undersiege isnoteasy;residentsare
soared, hoarding resources and on the lookout. In a city
being sacked, on the other hand, there isso much chaos
and death that 1 vampire practically has his choice of
targets, Storytellers usinga dice-based system for feeding
should increase the difficulty number for feeding by 1
during asiege and reduce it by 1 while the city is being
sacked. Of course, during a sack, a botched feeding. roll
will certainly lead to a frenzy hetween the fighting, fire
‘and blood all around.

In general, once a Mongel siege begins, the wise
vamp rit of the besieged eity does her immortal
best to leave rown with her most important valuables.
The Obfiseate and Dominate Disciplines are especially,
useful in this regard. Attempting to survive a sack calls
heavily on Ob eesence andl Fortitude —with no
gurantee of success

Trav

The typical moving pace for a horseman on the
Mongol steppe is 25 miles per day. Experienced riders
can extend this distance somewhat without harming
their mounts too badly if they have multiple horses at
their disposal —a25-mile day isiable toexhaustasingle
horse while those with many horses at their disposal (so
that only one hears the « ere) wes
travel more than 50 miles a day. Assume that a Mongol
rider needs one horse for every 12-15 miles traveled.

ly raveled with three orfourextra

Id cover 50 miles a day.

5 mile trip in a day requires a Seamnina

5 weigh

A*sumple"
+ Ride roll (canget 6); even a single success means that

rider nor mount has serious problems with the
bocch means the home ts hurt, perthe Storyteller's
on). Additional successes on this toll increase

WIND FROM THE EMST

the charscter'sspeed by 5 miles erday toa duaxitnum of
60 mules per day. A faster poce than that requites that
many horses be ready, watered and rested, aswas the case
with the Yam courier system setup ir the later days of the
Empire
Forpine A RIVER
The best thing about having a horse when crossing
‘aetiver is duit hoes cam swim with riders on their backs,
Even so, for a large group o a wide river, a shallow ford
is worth hunting for. Characters familiar with a given
area know where to find fords overlocal rivers without a
die roll; ehewhere;a Perception + Survival roll (uargee7)
suffices tofind adecent ford withina few hours. Crossing
a river at a good ford requires a Dexterity + Ride roll
(target 4); failure means that one oF more possessions
ream. Crossing at a worse ford sit
creases this target number: Trying to get across a wide,
deep, fast river may require a target number of 9 and
multiple successes. Should a character fall under atcack
she must split his dice pool in order
ons not related to the river crosing,

FINDING Foon ON THE
STEPPE

‘When the Mongols first conquer much of northem
Asia, under the command of Genghis Khan, they nuin-
bernomorethan three million men, women and children,
including all affliated tribes and subjugated peoples of
the steppe. Before Genghis Khan's tise to paw
total population of all tribes of the steppe might have
been slightly larger than this, for he wae ruthlees and
destructive in the extermination of the Tatars and their
allles. Regardless, the steppe ts not a crowded place. It
cannot be: itis not particularly fertile grou, and its
population of humans and animals ic constrained,

To vampite, this emptiness is dangerous. A neo-
nateofthe Anacan, fshe is lucky, survive eightornine
nights without feeding ifshe has shelter after tht point
she may wellenterinte.afrenzy from hunger. And should
she lack shelter and need to enter the embrace of lugen
every night, the time she can spend away from humans
iseven shorter,

iven ale extremely low popubition density, And
and Wan Kuei survive by tying themselves to family
units on the steppe (the Herd Background), Storytellers
who do not wish to play out each night's h every
player ina Mongol chronicle should allow players 0 roll
one die forevery hour the character bunts inn evening
The Storyteller should keep in mind that the base
difficulty to find human prey at a random spot on the
steppe & 9, possibly ever 10 if such ts appropriate to the
story. In locations closer to civilization, thot number
could drop to 8, lower ifthe characters enter a city, but


hat 1s not always easy. A borch while hunting for
humans to feed from on the steppe may force the char-
‘cterintoa confrontation with battle-hardened Mongol
wirriors or supemarural interference feo aksema, hsien,
Xiong, Ren shapechangers or hostile vampires

Finpinc Game

Morals, ghouls and Cainites who huint animals for
food face a daily (or nightly) challenge on the steppe.
Game is not overabundant there, although the land is
not as barren as some might believe. The most verdant
{ands obviously support the greatest amount of livestock
‘or game: thoue reat far from a regular water source oF to
the lee of a mountain range are drier und the
bountiful. Fotests support more animals per square mile
but fewer large creatures.

Storytellers who wish to abstract the hunt for game
can roll n die for inspiration —a | means not even fickd
mice may be found while a5 or 6 implies small or hard-
to-catch game, and.a 10 could suggestasmall herdofdcer
sufficient to sustain even a coterie of vampires for a few
nights. Those who wanta more detailed huntcan use the
following system:

Thephiyerrulls Perception + Survival tofind nearby
sgumne, The base difficulty ts7; moxliied by the faccens in
the table below. The number of successes indicates how
much game the character finds; a single success would

n finding fresh tracks or a small animal. Once the

ter hits found prey, che Scoryreller may choose to
run the "hunt" as un ordinary combat or abstract it into
aroll of Dexcerity + Animal Ken (target 7) and describe
the results fom there,

Vameres anp Animat Buoop:

Cainiteson the steppe may have little choice but to
fed fromanimals. There are times when there just won't
be any kine around. This is a fine steategy for survival
when journeying from one human herd to another, but
itposes some grave problems over the mediuin und long
term. Those trying to survive on animal blood alone
some very serious challenges. (Wan Kuei carmot feed
from animals and face starvation long before any other
problems.)

Foronie thing, animalsdo not provide very niourish
ing blood. In game terms, this means thar they d
have blood points ara level corresponding to their sizes
though a hoe is far more massive than a hums, it
provides only 5 or 6 blood points, (The bestiary in the
Dark Ages Companion provides blood point levels fer
various creatures.) Consuming animal blood thus causes
problems ducto its lack of nourishment: A vampire must
{Ingest an enormous volume of cow's blood before getting
one blood point worth of sustenance. Those who do ss
inight sweat blood, easily cry blood tears or even expel
the excess fluid through the orifices traditionally meant
(Gr such purpose in a mortal — an event sure to shock
those who long ago discarded theit humanity. Anytiine
the vampire consumes three or more points of animal
blood atone rime, the player should roll Seaminis against
difficulty of 4 + the points consumed. A failure means
the vampire experiences one of the above sympeoms ot
‘similar effect dreamed up by the Storyteller oF player:

Morte serious & the predatory Beast within each
Cainite, which is not satisfied with base animal blo
The long Cainite goes without human blood, the

Terrain Difficulty Modifier
Rich, verdant land 2
Chore pastureland Bf
Typical steppe area 0
Poor pastureland "1

Arid steppe +2

Desert +3

Situation Modifier

Familiar area 1
(huncer's usual stalking ground)

Unfamiliar area, but generally
recognizable terrain (steppe or tag)

Allen environment
(jungle or mountain)

Land has been hunted
within the past 7 days

Land hay not heen hunted within
the prise 30 days (not likely)

Huntér reeks strongly of death or the
Storyteller's discretion)

_ GIFTS OF THE SKY AND EARTH


I")
Hi

stronger the urge for it becomes. Every vampire feelsthe
unger for kine blood scratch at them once they refrain
from it (or are deprived of ir), but it ta
1e8 0 level that affects b
those on a
takes the v
overridin

cs time before
aioe ina quantifil
‘oad that teaches Sell
‘ny. in months be
lace. For those whose R«
ly anumber of weeks

mpire ever be
he immedi
system below, Noamount

will stave off these cravings oni

animal
they begin.

ling hunger

much more

lood points, the vampite is

nzy when exposed to human blood (diff

She is also subject to frency ifshe tastes animal

when a source any source ‘of human ot

blood is nearby (difficulty 5). Vampires whose

h Instinct are especially vulnerable t0 these

mustspend a Willpower point instead. A frenzy resultsin
maddened re source of human blood.

WIND FROM THE EAST.

lood, she is subject to fren

sist the fi

her period of eravin

weeks (ideponiling on
equal to the blood points eon:
Road rating (whichever is lower)

STORYTELLING
AND THE .
Moncot Horde

No matter the style of a chronicle featuring the
Mongols, the Storyteller is sure to have he
This hook cannot rm
fulness af the source ma
they give an excellent

Wind from the East'

Road)

1 of whar life was really like in
ime period. But certain issues will
crop up in the yame that need special urtention

THE PROBLEM OF

INEVITABILITY
Historicity is

hundreds of

major concem in any game set
ago. Many players of Vampire: The


Dark Ages do so in pare because they want to be
trinsported 1 another time and place: They want a
reasonably truthful portrayal of that time and the great
events that shaped it. Buc sticking rigidly to historical
faet can also make players feel asifrhetr characters ane
powerless — after all, they know Kiev is to be sacked
whether or not they make it there in time. As a Story-

ou need eo find ways to make sure the ebaracters
‘remore than spectators white still giving the players the
enjoyment of experiencing the sweep of history. The
following techniques can help:

Devurre

Don'cbe afraid to jump off the train of history ifyour
players ine reaching for the Timelines of History or its
equivalent every time you try to lure them toa new city
for ait inuesesting stony. Iuigine, for fastance, dh
December of 1241 comes and goes with no mesenger
arriving in Hungary to announce the death of Ogades
Khan, fied players will he shocked ind curious by this,
and they are sure to investigate, even ifitisonly for out:
of-character reasons.

If your players are not nuts for historicity,
Ahoukln't have co resort to this: simply ask your troupe
not to over-research their roles m the game, and they,
should be happy to experience the story as it happens.
You may run into problems doing this with players who
ate history huffs, bur it should only be necessary to
reminil offended players that your game takes place in
the World of Darkness, noc the real world, since afterall,
there are no such things as vampires. That said, itis only
polite to war players up front that you may deviate from
history; this is considerate and saves you from com-
plaints later on.

The critical thing to remember when choosing to
deviare ftom recorded history is that incautious choices
of this sort can lead co great changes in your chranicle's
furure. You may be comfortable with this, improvising
"what would've happened" as you go. If you are not,
however, we recommend thathistory return toitsproper
coune as soon as Is Feasible after the deviating event,
rather than allowingchanges eo compoundandsteer you
for away from your preferred story. Butif you want to see
Mongols reaching the Atlantic const, go ahead.

Opruscare

er, perhaps, than inteoducinygalternate timelines
into your game, is to hide historical events from your
players until the characters ate right on top of them. That
sstosay, keep the characters too busy with the machina

ms and horror of the unliving lords of the night to

to visit Krakow on Palm
weult technique w gee right,
obviously it is important to refer ta the time of year in
your game, but concealing the actual date is not terribly

we thar they've chose

ifficule. It is Fuird to steak upon players like this more
than once oF twi so sive this technique for
a key juneture.

Disrract

Along the same lines as: obfuscation, districeion
keeps chamcrers' interest in historical events but pre-
vents them from mucking them up too seriously by
keeping chem cut of the flow of action. The Wan Kuet of
Ningxis are urgently summoned before Emperor Da of
the White Tiger Court in mid-1227; they receive mes
sages that their city has been floovled tm the point of
destruction, bucare unable tostop it. Whar matters most

in this case is that the characters' actions are, to them,
more important than the scurrying about of mortal ants.
lithe Anda vampire learns that her dead mortal brother
Tras revurned as a Wane md she must enrer the
dreaded Middle Kingdom to confront fin
Jamikaze's desteuction of the Mongol flect
Co

Forall three of the above techniques, the Storyteller
must know what the troupe's desires and expectatio
‘ze. Does the group want to play at being Anda who give
Genghis Khan. huis doathbed? Or do
they prefer to run the Cainite population of Sumarkind,
who must weather the Mongol hurricane while thaw:

sands of miles from its eye? The former group wants to
muck about with history and be in the limelight; the
Tatter wants mote standard game with a crisis werk
Neither option is better, but your game must suit your
players interests, That first group is going to be frustrated
(or even furious) if Genghis Khan has an infirute yor
protectors who keep them from their goal, the second
group will be confused and even a little bit bored if the
Storyteller wants to present 1 radically changed setting
wherein Somarkanu isn't even invaded
Another way to present events with players' coop.
eration ts to use theit knowledge to create tension. Ifa
player knows thar the Mongols will suck Kiev in 1236,
the Storyteller may wish to offer that player's character
great opportunity dependent on traveling to Kiev, The
character does not know the danger in Kiew, 4 he must

20; the player knows that trouble awaits, and that di
shoroeny, if played carefully, can lewd

roleplaying.

CHRONICLE OPTIONS

Storytellers have many options when it comes to
integrating the Mongols into a Vampire: The Dark
Ages or World of Darkness: Blood & Silk chienicle
Below is just a mall sampling of such options) Storytel
ers are encouraged to take one or mote of them, mush
them together or sip them apart and come up with a
chronicle char is truly thetr own,

GIFTS OF THE SKY AND EARTH

ainive blood 6


MONGOL COTERIES AND Wa

Any roleplaying seemirio depends in large part on,
the relationships among the troupe's characters. Story
tellers and players must coopernte to keep a Cainite
cotene of a Wan Kuvei wn (most advice in this section
applies equally to both) together over the lang hiul
There are two key ways to de tha

First, Storvtellers can create an elaborate plot or
political situation chat forces characters to cooperate
and stick together regandless of their nature ar political
aytlook, This has some advantages: Players can run
nearly anyeharacterthey choose without worrying about
the rest of the troupe's plans, and the tension of a yroup
of relative strangers in a tough situation can provide
great roleplaying. On the other hand, 2 group like this
fone can easily spiral out of control: characters with few
common interests eventually run out of reasons to stick
together,

Altematively, a troupe and! Storyteller can work
together roforge common honds between the characters
before ply begins. Characters friendly in life are more
likely to stick together in unlife, and everi those with
testy relationships before play begins have a better
chance of mamntaining 2 relativeship than complete
strangers. Some players may feel that in-game interac~
thons are too scripted by pre-game decisions, however.

an Kuei wu are often created by the ancestors of
their courtsyonce atu comes together, itemembers may
take any path they collectively see fit to walk. The
group's bond to its court — und to each other — is
difficule to break,

By contrast, Andie ard other Mongol Cuinsites

loners by nature. To stick to a group is nor always
ing for them to do; they need reasons to
periods of time with others. Those reasons

ade

# War. Mortal warcauses Anda herdstocongregate,
which in tum forces those vampires to interact in some
fashion; close quarrersean lead to alliances or feuds. War
in the shadows — ngainst che Wan Kuei, European
Cainites or the Xiong Ren —walso likely to bring Anda
togerher for mutual defense.

* The Hunt. Thi

motive

wot likely to keep any
Anvla together for very lang, but fora particularly lier

tive prey (0 well-guarded merchant caravan in times of
drought or a supernatural inonster), two or more Anda
may work together: Usually the Andi in this ease are
already acquaintances, but forthe right target, strangers
could certainly cooperate.

* Camaraderie. It gets lonely «in the nighttime
steppe. Despite the Anda predilection for solitude
their reputations as lone hunters, vampires are c
out of human stock, snd humans are social c

WIND FROM THE EAST

is often refreshing to spend a few months with a group of
like-minded creatures, if only co stem the boredom that
immortality can bring And hurlai tend to bring Anda
together from at least a few dozen miles in all ditections,

ite possibly more ifsomething important looms on the
horizon,

* Embrace. A group of Anda must collectively
approve at new vampire's creation ina long and often
contentious kuriltai, By agreeing to the Embrace, they
also commit to teaching the new childe the ways af the
steppe's night crearures. This process can take as long as
avear.and while individual vampires might come
from the group, for the most part it does stick to
centered on the new vampire's instruction.

# Noker. A group of young Anda can declare theit
loyalty and allegiance tea charismatic and strong elder
vampire; while doing so does not commit them to spend
ingall their titne together, ics quite often the ease that
the elder (the noyan or khan) directs his naker co
particular task asa group. The nayan does not have to be
am Anda, either — in the early days, the oceasional Wu
Zao attracts this sort of service, and after 1220, powerful

vampires like Arnulf (see page 39) gather many Anda
inte their broods

Tue WESTERN Curonicre
In « westem-oriented game, the player characters
represent those tiking a more passive role during the
fongol age. They are the Camites of a city in Eastern
Europe or Western Asia, and they aust deal with the
influx of the Mongol armies and aswociated vampicle
predators. Common clans include Assamite, Nesferat,
Rivcace mol Teuace, ont lance math ofastech
to insert almost any clan or bloodline in an eastern city.
One of the focuses af such a chronicle could well be
resource scarcity; just because 1 city 1s under sioge, its
Cainites are not likely to leap into one another'sarmsfor
protection. In such a game, players' characters may
strugale against one another, hoping for safety from their
tivuls and the eity's invaders until the hotde finally
breaks off the siege or destroys the city
Another type of western. chronicle duplicates the
travels of William of Rubruck or Giovanni de Plane
Carin: aauesting scholir-Cainite (perhaps a Tremere
Cappadocian, Lasombracr Toreador) mightendeavorto
cross the steppe with a coterie of trusted allies or childer
after the Mongols' invasion ends to lean what lies
beyond. Such a game could stay relatively historical
{Mission to Asia, from the bibliography, or any translt-
tion of the stories within would be great source marecial
for this) or could venture deep inte the wildsof the Dark
‘Medieval world. Pethaps the stories of dog-headed men
and similar freaks are true. The Wan Kue1 vampires of
the Far East would likely prove tobe the final antagonists,


1 HE EASTERN CHRONICLE

The ideat eastern chronicle is a punctuated story
thac runs ftom Temujin's birth to the end of the Mongol
Empire. Ir features Mongol vampires as the players
characters — whether Anda, Wu Zao, foreign travelers
or Black Tortoise Wan is for the Storyteller a
players to decide asa group. Depending on the chara
ters actions, their stats ae likely to rise as the might of
the empire does; humble plains hunters in life will face
a titanic struggle for the fate of nations as filterest
through the nighe's bloody haze. Both Anda and Black
Tortoise Wan Kuet must face the growing prablem uf
akwma among the Court of the Black Tortoise from as
carlyas 1197, and usatisfying resolution at or around the
destruction of Karakorum seems a good climax for such
a game

ve Crossover CHRONICLE
Ina crossover chronicle, the chameters are all
Mongols, bur some are Cainites and others are Wan
Kiel. This works best on the high plain; that way
characters ime neither in firmly Cainite territory (Eu
rope) nor in the Wan Kuet heartland (China) hut rather
in Mongol lands. Many stories can emerge from the
dynamic tension between the two groups: Why do they
notsimply goateach other's throats? Were they relatives
friends in life? Further story lines emerge as the tribes

thecharacters use as herds compere with oneanother for

Tesources and face the horrors of things thitt go bump in
the night even more loudly than the chatacters. Such 1
chronicle does have to be considered! und nun earefully
if the Storyteller does not pay careful attention, she
could lose the similarity and contrast between Andaand
Black Tortaise Wan Kuel and end up either with a

a big non-<iffereniated pile

3] vampirism.

Tue Wortn oF DARKNESS CHRONICLE
The World of Darkness Chronicle lows the flood:

gates open; not only do players run Mongol Caihitesand
Mongol Wan Kuet, but also Mongol Shadow Lords (ise

The Sorcerers Crusade and the Mage sup)
‘ons of the East) and even Mongol ghosts
ill over the place, from facing the

besieged Samarkand to questing deep into
the Umbra ur Tengri's behest. The Storyteller must be
especially cautious in such a romp: She ein expect te k
uuny kind of theme chac differentiates one of the source
games from the athers and lose a lor of the impact of the
individual games in the search for the perfect "World of
Darkness: Looting and Pill: ‘hronicle. There isn't

smythirig wrong with such a game, but if
Participants are not careful, i¢ can quickly degenerate
from personal horror into laughable farce —a resule chat
players might not desire



To kill rer, fo inwade the courttcies of
other people, to take the property of off
arn) unlavolud voar, to commit foerice
to cevile offer mcr, fo act comtearry to tH
prohibitions and commneanbdrnents of God is
considered no sins by ther

oSeiew Giovanni de Mano Car piri

a


STEPPE WARRIOR
Prelude: You were always the fastest man in your
campand one of the finest warriors in theudus, You might
not always have been the most accurate bow shot or the
but you were always the best at the
ther land, wht have
steppe, you were ahers. You
sndkerof your own; youhad
sand were angling fora third when they found you.
Your tulents brought you to the attention of some of
the chings that ride the steppe alongside the tribes. They
had done a good job concealing themselves; had
never heard of them before and were total
for their attack, They dragged you from your camp one
night, far enough from your wives that they didnot hear
you dhe. You are sure that Father Tengei did, though: you
made sute of ir.
This ing the others finally accepted you as a
warrior, as 3 the second time around, But you sre
rill the youngest Anda you know and havea lotto prove.
Time to get started.

artless te y

hadseveral young followen
wow

unprepared

one of the finest warriors
cient, in unlife you are
just one of the crowd. While never the most skilled
hunter, your ability to think quickly on horseback while

engaged with the enemy won many minor battles during.

WIND ne,

@E9]

among.
Anda, and you are
eager to prove your
skill.

Roleplaying Hints:
Volunteer for the dan-
getous Gisks andl work
hard to make sure you
succeed at them,
no matter how
difficale. You ate

soft, most espe
cially" Europ
vampires. Drinking
your fill of qumis
longer an op

ons, but afte

warrior, you
quite prone ¢
swagger
Equip-
ment:
Compas
recurved
bow, 60
arrows, @
few
horses, a &
short
spear, light leather armor,
a qunis pouch you keep
filled with rather
foul mare's
blood.

Quore:

We have fallen back far enough; look how
chey pursue us. Now is the time to
str


TEMPLE THIEF

Prelude: You grew up in Harbin, in northem Chi
during the late days of the so-called Northern Song Dy-
nasty; asa little boy you saw your hometown tom by waras
the barbarians fought the emperor's armies. When your
parents died in the fighting, you took to the streets and
ou graduated quickly from hegscing to

d then from petty theft to robbery. Ye

lished thief yy the time you reached 16.
nel lived insomme
atrepivaled
shorting to bait your

By 18, you'd

eoenfort. You ox

they had to have some

cuniosity. Perhaps an ancient
Buddhist relic, aseroll from th

an Dyn

ever seen,

One night, around age 19,
youpickedthe wmnghouse. This
‘one was inhabited, crowded.
nxt the residents were
HI awake. Further:

third eye in the
middle of her fore:
headandesplained
that you would no. f
Jonger be worki
freelance. You

find no compelling
argument to contny-
dict her, so you soon

sf
places were in the citys
bothers were further south
in the woods, on old
farmland or even in.

peopleworkingfor her
She kept most of them
happy through the
promise of immortal:
ity; youlivedas: oul
servant for more than

reward for the theft of
an old kaja scroll from

youthe Embrace. Now she has announces tht the
has come to move further noth. There are
10 be had on the steppe, ap
oncept lifes as Xing Ta\'s servant andl
now as het partner have been quite sat
always ready to support another jour
furthest comers of Wan Kuei territory in search of
dark seerets. She has told you the
and you are sure the Ten Thousand [
truth of the apocalyse
find those sectets. Anythi
Roleplaying Hints: You are slmest
selfasuredness an easy smile
only gers wider as you propose
the rest of youreoterie.
dangers that really threatened your
worry thutt your easygoing fagade will crumble before
serious oppenition.

Equipment: Traveling clothes, ropes and th

climbing equipment, ancient scrolls

ky in your
face.and it
ns trips to

been that far inca
"yo. What could
possibly troubleus there?

KALNS OF THE NIGHT


CINLIVING Scout

Quote: Two jagums of Reessian fooenen, sir. They
onal be no trouble or the twenty of us

Prelude: You fire broke the rules on your tenth
birthday, You were not to leave the camp; you were

bur by he:

were 10 und you weten't going to take
structions from an adult anymore, That
rebellion lasted c until you

terrible
af the usual female
Fhores, and you really

fyourcampdidn't know
whae to do with you, and
neither did you, until fi
sally your parents brokered
a bargain: You would be
Howed to ride with the
men, bor you could: not
hune with then oe fig

You became a scout
You soon leamed where ty

fartest game, and |

lessons applied.
until too

vou were being stalked yourself
xplain much

rreurse bel

path; he let £0 the ou
varmpires of the steppe to find you
inthe processdriving you intoa
frenzy nf fear —and explain to you

Quore:
Two jaguns of Russian

be no trouble for the
ewenty of us
WIND FROM THE £

whar he had
bilities thar none of the others p.
they do come in handy from time totine. The
others are astonished that you do not know
how tosleep in the earth, nd one of them
felt duty-bound to teach you
‘slow going thus
but the process of learning is ut least
earning you an all
‘Concept You know how to move quickly
and quietly
creer enough to keep the information you
learn away from the ears af spies. You have to
twice as hard as any other Cainice on the
steppe due to your clan and gender, but your ot!
skills ate so va
your company
Roleplaying Hints: You certainly do rior f
theRavnosste
serious. ¥ ‘
other' secrets, however. That seeves you well
when scouting, but has gotten you in trouble
among the Anda.
Equipment: Pony with saddle and
Hanket: composite recurved bow and
twenty arrows; a few knives hidden

here and there; t-lined boots.


—
Wise WoMAN

Prelude: The wise woman ol your camp alwayshod
‘tyeon you. From the time you were a young gitl, sh
you aside, away from your mother and your chi a

ght you the names of the spirits and how to please them
and how to get what you want from them. Ac first you just
humored her; it took until your first

blood before you truly saw the spirirs
yourself.
Your status apa from the test

of the tribe kept men

away from yon much

of the time, even WY
n they were good \

andl drunk, but you did

give birth to a son and

daughter,andratsed them
with the rest of the
amp's children. Af
nentor Gera
you served as
mother figure to the
A few years after
(Gera'sdeath, aman you
did not know began to
‘visit yourgeratnight, He could
fot cross its chreshold, but
Invited you our onto the
seppee
nights. Ye A see thar
itswerenot right with
but he was intrigue
ancl spoke intelligently of
a greater world than the one
your tribe knew
He was your site, 6
course; he killed you
gave you his blood almost
casually as anot
might kllas
the first part of ws blood to
Ttugen. As you were
woman, the Anda who
brought you into unlife did
not demand the same tials as
they would of a warrior, They did
not need st warior, however; they
needed wisdom and guidance. The
inven his people
ne populated by

kind of
men have heygun te
"Ida nor know" isnot

¢ unseen word, but all of
ter death you lost that

playthe:
three times your age. You wonder if there might r
‘bea way to regain a eotinection with ehe spitts i
your monstrous state.
Roleplaying Hints: espice yourrelative youth
you have a keen insight into human (and
vampiric) motivation. Although you vsually
keep your observations to yourself, you are
willing to call out a vampire who is about to
himelf into serious trouble. You haves
ral mora childen, and you ty
watch out for eet when they an
Equipment: Stitched square felt bag wit
idols and hetbs; flint and steel for tie; a
steppe horse; a ger to call your ow
andl ox to pull it

WIND
oes)


AM CouriER

Prelude: Before you died, you had the best job in
took important mestages from ane end af the
nother at breakneck speed. Your movements,
y over just akout everything tse for more th

sand miles nal directions. You never hal to fight

fresh ome every 20 miles
elve for help. You were self

‘ofeventskilled you: A scorptonctossed
a well-wom track in front of your here some:
where on m steppe. You were

nearly in trance, as you tended to get
didn't notice the home's panic
uunrilit neared and threw yout, You
ground, a horrible pop
urid in your hack resonated

tire body and yont

ci calmeal down, te
J 10 you whinnying

‘ it it could
rg to help you.

el on your
arms for two days
through thearid steppe,
sch the next
on. You fig.
mil
thesun
Jown the second day
eyouwoulin'tsee
the thin ‘Thar war when the
vampire came. ‘The creature
drank your blood and gave you
some his, Somme
straightened your back: You could
feel your kegs! There was same wo:
bling, but you could even, stan

stheattendintat dee
courier station — just atou f
bend, just out of sight — was your

our ste explained that he
wwavone ofthe Anda,andexplained
‘what thatmenneto you. The other

shy, caught you and

‘flee un terror when the possi
ity of a fight rears its head. il work asa
coutier some evenings, whensomething urgent
dhrough anid no one ele is arvmmd to
nile 1

Concept: As a courier, you never
had to trouble yourself with fighting
J although you carty 1 bow
like any other man, you would prefer to
ec from an enemy rather than fight. You're just
not that good ashot. You do take pride in your sll
with n horse; despite che absurd distances you must
fide them, your mounts ate never permancntly

injure after you've ridden them.
Roleplaying Hints: Youhaveastronger bond
with your favored horses than you do with most
humans and vampires. Tou like your Job very
much you do not have to interact with people
ouch, You receive asimple payment, and you are
free to work at night ifyou wish. You are loyal to
the Anda hamlai thae helped teach you and
ing you to unlife, bur you would not risk

destruction for them,

Equipment Felt pouch farmessages 9
pass, a recurved componite bow and
6 sows light leather armor, afew daggers.


FAVORED OF THE
SPIRITS

The rise and fall of the Mongol Empire marks the
unlives ferent vampires: Some are horn into
the Exnpire while others merely feel its passing. Not all
survive it. The following churacters are all part of the

sweep of the horde scross the known world, but few ate
clovely ussociated witha particulartime perieal This way

the Storyteller can fit these characters intoa Wind from
the East chronicle at just about any point she sees fit.

JELME THE DAMNED,
GUARDIAN OF THE KHAN

Jelme |
met the ma
vwasthe

d the Great Khan from the moment he

some ten yearsbefare hisown death, Jelime

ofablacksmith ofthe Uriangkhatclan, given
to Temujin as one of his

jouriger brothers is Subs oneof the

rest generis. The Great Khan, and most of

hisother retainers, do nut know that Jelme isa vampire;

he received the Embrace from « group of Anda who

shave ene of their own close to the Great Khan

Jelme rides with the Grear Khan's personal guard,

although his damned nature prevents him from actually

ac their side ar night and

swes his unliving skills to cateh up with their daytime

is tachurm, not willing to engage in conver:

ith chose he doesnot know well. He watches the

warriors drink gumis, dance and woo the womenfulle

es his own healing blood to G
nat lord falls in a bartle gains
during his consolidation of the steppe tribes. He only did
this once, and, knowing the power of the blood oath, is
wracked with guile formonth He knows
he has sullied his own honor by twisting the Oceanic
fections toward him, and itis full year before
is Khan's side
pected by nioat other Ania hes
dary peogenitor Dolnal and
the strength to prove it. On the battlefield he strly
atermor, though he takes care never co enter battle in the
lauals of the Middle Kingdom; « conflict
an Kuci in his first year as an Anda taught him the
error of that.
Jelime is of average height, with dork hair and a low
ly voice; hische
isevery inch the proton
his face and arms, and he wears old
though he expe

athe, armor a
to enter hatte at any moment

Aniav, THe Younc Wowr

In 1225, Aajav is a relatively young vamp
fantastic fightingskill and astr

hemden ¥

ad dhe


jan cam:

thi ee andering Gangrel
elder. Thiselder—

eppe, and there the

1. who wntal chat

rac alse

problem neither was willing to yield the cla
Ultimately, Odlertc: cha
group to b single «:
almost twelve hours, but in the end, the Anda's corpse
nd the next evening Oderic
av took his new, cured state of

‘der showed himself to thechilde
amed the grudging respect of his fellow

Mongol vampires and participates in occasional kteriltai
isinterested observer — by general agreement, he

vice in most matters, but in practice he is

ribure his opinian toany discussion.

the Anda he knows for

mbrace his ifetimeanda brother, Qarakh,
ainly in favor of such, and has encouraged
create anew. ire of his own regardless
of the "Tartars." The Anda do not know
has spoken to

not ¢ Jamakh woul

nbrace from one of d or from the
tho sa Mongol yet doesnot share theirblood,
Destiny: Aajav isslain and diablerized by hischilde
Qarakh by 1236; the youth leaves his site's ashes on the
shore of the Onon River and flees westward, toward

Turkish lands.

permissionto
Older ix
his chide «
of the opinio
of eric'

Prorine

ength 4, Dexterity 3, Si
lation 2, Appearance 3, Pe
Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness. 3. Animal Ken 2. Archery
(mounted), Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Hearth Wi
dom 1, Intimidation 4, Melee 3, Ride 3, Survival 3
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Fortitude 2, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Hend 2, Retainers |
Road: Beast 6
Conviction:

Instinct: 3, Courage: 4, Willpower: 7

CHINKHAI THE FIERCE,
JUbGE OF THE STEPPE

In power and age, Chinkhat is almost unrivaled on
the steppe. He is « grandson af Dobrul the
chulde of Dobrul the vampire. He has warched ov
sire's tomb for centuries, since th
torpor, and he is respansible for its defense ay

g Wan Kuei and other monsters of the

's sister in unlife, hls mortal mother Yesita
directs the twisted and gargantuan ghoul animals chat
prowl the lands around the comb of their site.

Chinkhai. is nor physically tied to the tomb of
Dobrul; indecd, his grandfather's curse affeets him even

ore stongly than the other members of his
pinkhai wanders the steppe aimlessly, oc
joining kunlaai of Anda, at other times attackin
‘Wan Kuei he encounters in his rravels.
tlder has a death wish, bur that is not entirely tru
dose nt wish to die bur toe hie
come to an end. He wants to put down roots, as his sire
has done, but fears his demise too greatly 106 drop inc
rorpor.

Since tharending hasbecome itnpossible, Chinkhat
has dedicated himself ta dispensing justice when karla
approach him for his judgment. L steppe in which
he spends so much time, Chinkhat is neither kind nor
forgiving: more than once he h
petitioned him for aid when it became obvious th
was criminal


\

SILAT IBN Isa, VIZIER OF
KHWARAZM

Silat ibn Isa received the Embrace froma member of
the Assamire vizier caste late in the 12ch century; sinice

thar time, he hasspent his waking nights ix and around
of Bukhara in the Khwarazmn Fipire. Silat is
Muslim asa vampire can be in this day a1
le network of contac

Jiesand pawns throughout Bukhara in his irst
vere. He was almost happy; he had books of
history and philosophy, and bright souls, both mortal
ind immortal, ro discuss and debate them with. He did
not want for food; Bukhara is an important trading city
and receives hundreds of transient visitors eoch day. All
thac came co an end when the armies of Genghis Khun

Juid stege to Bukhara and then sacked and bumed it
ion drove Silat ibe Isa ints

scholars,

found thar Buleh
Empire. Embicrered by his city's subjug
personal injury he took, Silat ibn fsa be,
Cainire campaign Mongols in home city
urprised to find Mongol vampires prowling
tigers in the night; though he had roof,
nt be

rand the

quietly directingthe Mongols amicstosefkeat Assamite
strongholds in the east, just as (he had been eld) the
‘Ventrue and Lasombra directed the European crusaders.

As faras Silat thn Isa can see it, vampires of the East
and West are conspiring against Clan Assamite and the
Muslim faith. He knows that he cannot personally da
much against such a vast machination, but he has de
cetded thatthe rime fiw hookeand seh,

He started his night

atanend
by murdering one of the young:
ing that

aps even better

est of the Mongol vampires in his city arid d
creature's blood. It tasted good
thas

has dug

PRorie
Clan: Assamite (visier caste)
Generation: | ith
Nature: Tyrant
Demeanor: Jusige
Attribute

(Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance

3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Abil

2, Exiquewe

Linguistics,

Stealth 2,
Disciplinest Auspex 3, Celerity 1, Quierus 2
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contiets 4, Influence 2

Resources 3
Road: H
Conscience:

powe

Bortal THE Fair, BONE
DANCER

In the year of his death, 1227, Genghis Khan de
clared war on the Tangue people of Xixia, who, hie sui
were disloyal. The Great Khan had conquered Xixta
years earlier, loyalty
When Genghis Khan called to for aid in his
war against the Saracens of the west, however, they

used to help him, saying thar if the grear ruler needed
their troops so badiy, perhaps he was not such a great
tuler after all.

Onbhisdeathbed, Burkhan, the leader

Law 2, bea
ics 3, Senese

2, Courages 3, Will-

nd nine harses, sind many
Khun's forgiveness

re Burkhan a new
iis and ordered that Xixia be

other fine gifts, to beg the C
Genghis Khan accepted the gifts,
name, and then had birn
laid waste.

KAHNS OF THE NIGHT


Genghis Khan kept one of these nine maidens,
Bortai the Fair; all the rest were slain, Bortai, a wealthy
nnd beautiful kandowner's daughter from Xixia and en-
unwilling prisoner, struggled against her Mongol

1», She was never alone with the Great Khan
indeed, she bitrely saw him, inste:

with many ¢

ont, During this time she poisoned i few of her
captors in.an attempt to make-an escape, but each time,
she was caught by a Mongol horyeman or group of them,
and brought back. Each time they retuned her, she
(obe punished —beaten, atthe least, or raped

i the savages holding her captive, bur she never wi

being kept nt large

She learned thereason forher imprisonment the day

the Great Khon died. Thirty-nine other maidens and

ai the Fair were escorted as part of a great procession,

¢ of the Great Khan. There they were
ceremonially slaughtered and buried with him, along
with treasures borh mystical and mundane:

Rortai remembees precios little of the next few
weeks, bur it did seem natural for hee to return to het
body and dig her way out ofthe tomband ito che wintry
nighttime steppe, so she did nor question the reason why
sich « thing might happen. Mad with hunger, she kegats
to wander the steppe in search of human prey

A aw of outriders from the Black Tortoise Court
followed the portents co find Bortai the Faira few nights
Haver, She did not reveal hex history uc ber entity, she
had lose enough of her sanity to che vam

she could not speak her own natne for weeks
ack Tortoise Court took her in,
s regained her mind. She ts still young, anly
adiseiple of the Song of the Shadow Dharma, butshe bus
‘een mind and a good memory. Alone of beings lefron
Earth, Borcat the Fair knows the location of Genghis
Khan's tomb, And she believes that she could find it
again,
Prove
‘Hun Natures Survivor
he Eunuch
Innovator

Direction: South,

Dharma: The Song of the Shadow 1

Attributer: Suength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
(Chacisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4, Perception
3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abi wnimal Ken 2, Crafts 3, Dodge 2, Eth
quette 2, Expression 2, Hearth Wisdom 4, Melee 2,
Politics 2, Ride 3, Subterfuge |, Survival 2

Disciplines: Codbody of the Demon 1, Godhody af

Iron Mountain 1, Yin Prana 1

Backgrounds: Nushi 3

Yin: 5, Yang: 3, Hun: 3, Pros 1, Willpower: 5


heG
From the depths of Asia comes the greatest of all empires, the Mongols of
Genghis Khan! They are an unstoppable force; China, India, the I
and Christian Europe are all threatened. With them come
monsters of the night, both distant cousins of the European
Cainites and the dreaded Wan Kuei of the Middle
Kingdom. Vampires call for blood and the world
trembles.

And the Golden He
Wind froma the East™ provides complete
information on the Mongol invasions
the diverse vampires who move amon)

at Khan's horde. It covers the entire

period of Mongol expansion into the West
and reveals the rich culture that puts the lie
to the image of "heathen invaders."

Wind from the East Ineluc

* Information on the Mongols from their
beginnings on. the steppe to their: conquest
of China and the world;

* Two new bloodlines, the Mongol Anda and
the Wu Zao, the Salubri of the

© Details on the Black Tortoise C

Cathayans (with material for re

World of Darkness: Blood & Silk™)

wwwwkirewolfeon = C SAMIPIRE

19

Tn 4,
