# File: Wolves of the Sea.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


deeds is forever remembered. As more settlers come to the new
land, your site can become the capitol and trading center for
other colonists.

CREW &
‘WARBANDS

Each vampire has to make a decision about the nature of
the crew he desires to sail with, or the type of warband with
which he wishes to surround himself. There is danger in
trusting mortals with the secrets of unlife, but there are certain
costs inherent in creating ghouls, as well. Each option has its
supporters, and some find a comfortable mix between the two.

MMortaLs

The Norse place a great deal of value on oaths, and
observe them with diligence. If a vampire can gain the oaths
of his nearest followers, to protect him at all costs, then the
mortals make for a loyal following. The trick is to gain these
oaths. Most often, these are oaths that carried over from the
time before the Embrace. However, the Norse do swear to
vampires that are brave warriors and leaders.

The Norse respect the luck of their leaders and if a leader
can bring prosperity, whether she is alive or undead is of little
importance. As long as the vampire maintains the respect of
her followers by bringing wealth and happiness, she rules. This
can be a tricky balancing act to maintain, but the result is a
motivated warband.

The danger of employing only mortals is free will. The
Norse greatly value their individual freedoms, and exercise
their own discretion when they can. If a Norse warrior feels
mistreated or put upon, he may decide that an oath is broken
and leave. If things turn bad for more than a few seasons, he
may decide the luck of the leader has turned. The usual result
of this is the attempted destruction of the jarl.

Scandinavian einherjar rarely hold the Traditions of Blood
in the same regard as their more ancient European contempo-
raries. Indeed, many vampires walk openly among the Norse,
claiming prestige and power from their closeness to Odin's
blood, and like that god demanding crimson sacrifices. The
Norse attitudes on courage, honor and forthrightness rarely
change with death; as a result, Norse vampires feel little need
to hide from mortals. Indeed, the promise of strength and
eternal youth is a compelling one, and many warriors willingly
enter the pact of servitude of ghoulish existence in order to
enjoy the benefits. Of course, by the time that Christianity
comes to Scandinavia, these tendencies change — the Church
has no tolerance for the walking dead, and those who do not
learn to hide their natures from their slowly converting
brethren become supernatural terrors to be hunted. Indeed,
even during the pagan era, the incautious or over-proud
einherjar may find angry mortal warriors a threat, considering
their lack of fear and their battle-prowess.

WOLVES OF THE SEA

The Norse have their superstitions regarding the dead,
and not all are willing to put these aside just for some success
in battle. If the vampire jarl isn't careful, the trusted huskarls
could decide to deal with him as they would any barrow-wight.
Worse, they could call in the Christian priests to deal with the
problem. However, as long as the vampire keeps his end of his
bargains and obeys the laws of the community, he is little more
than a warrior chosen by Odin — at least until the Christians
come with their rather deadly views on vampirism.

GHOULS

Ghouls are the alternative to mortals. The ambitious
vampire may try to ghoul an entire crew of a longship, some 35
warriors, to keep them loyal. The problem with such a plan
should be obvious, however — 35 mouths to feed. A vampire
maintaining such a crew would have to recruit additional
vampires to help, leading to complications of Blood Bonds and
conflicting loyalties.

Still, the all-ghoul crew has its advantages. All the war-
riors become very strong and long-lived. Ghouls are much less
fragile than their mortal counterparts, and thus need less
replacing. A vampire doesn't need to hide her condition, and
issues like sailing at night don't need explanation.

Drawine Odi\rHe BERSERK

One benefit of surrdunding oneself with an inner
circle of ghouls is only Py ith the mastery of the
Animalism Discipli wing out the Beast. The
huskarls provide anexcellent repository for the Beast,
and are often willing recipients. Once in the throes of
Frenzy, the warrior often resembles a berserk, and with
her increased strength a1 ility to shrug off wounds,
can be a terrible and frightening opponent.

Mix & Marcu

The most common solution to the problem of mortal and
ghoul is to mix the two. Typically, the huskarls of a jarl are his
ghouls, while the rest of his crew and people remain mortals.
This has the advantage of keeping the number of ghouls that
require blood manageable, while also providing a core of
trusted warriors to protect the vampire in times of trouble and
uncertainty.

Recruiting the huskarls is rarely a problem, since they
receive exemptions from field work and gain the benefits of
being a ghoul: strength and longevity. All a warrior has to do
is ask to join. After a year or two, to judge the supplicant's
worthiness, the jarl decides whether or not to add him to the
ranks of the inner circle.

In an arrangement like this, the ghouls are respected in.
the community. They embody the characteristics of brave
warriors and protect their master. However, not all ghouls live


CRepITS
Writers: Geoffrey C. Grabowski, Jason Langlois and Roman
A. Ranieri
Additional Material: Jess Heinig
Developers: Richard E. Dansky and Jess Heinig
Editor: Aileen E. Miles
Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Artists: Richard Kane Ferguson, Fred Harper, Clint Langley,
Brian LeBlanc, Alex Sheikman, Ron Spencer

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Cover Art: Richard Kane Ferguson

Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
Playtesting: Jason Cross, lan Dunteman, Chris White

v8 al

739 PARK NORTH BLUD.
p SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF

GAME STUDIO

©1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for
personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade,
Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of
Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild
West, Trinity, Wolves of the Sea and World of Darkness the
Bygone Bestiary are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text
herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fic-
tion and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

WOLVES OF THE SEA

SpEcIAL THANKS TO:

Ed "Big Game Hunting" Hall, because he's still Ragin'.
Justin "Cardiovascular" Achilli — beware the dread disease!
Phil "Magickally Fucked" Brucato, for getting exactly that
when all the Orphans came home at the wrong time.
Andrew "Details" Bates, 'cause that's where it's at in the
Battleground.

Aileen "Editor-in- Waiting" Miles, who getsa great bigTHANK
YOU for not biting my head off (yet).

Ken "Uh... where are the vampires?" Cliffe — it's like being
ona quiz show.

Rich "Backin Myday" Dansky, for reminding us how bloody
long he's been at this job.

Mark "Something Boring is Happening" Cenczyk, for point-
ing out the inevitable problems of Icelandic litigation. Zzzgh!
Aah!

Ethan "Aquaman" Skemp, who landed the very soggy book.
Jan "SI" Lemke, the sweet supplier of that brand-new monthly
addiction.

Auaruor's THANKS:

Geoffrey Grabowski would like to thank Rob Barret, Dr.
Kathryn Grabowski, and Dr. D.L. Ashliman for their direct
and indirect contributions to this text.

CONTENTS

"AL TRAIL OF FROZEN Bioop": HAUTALA's SAGA
INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER ONE? VIKING CULTURE

CHAPTER Two: CusTOMS AND THE DARK AGES
CHAPTER THREE? CHARACTER CREATION
CHAPTER Four? SYSTEMS

CHAPTER FIVE: TEMPLATES

Appenprx: NoTasLeE SCANDINAVIAN ElNHER/AR

CONTENTS fi



BY ROMAN A. RANIERI

The wind hovoled with the coice of death.

Deutela pulled his doak tighter to his chest as
the long ship neared the ice-choked shore. Che air
vwoas cold, freezing but not as frigid as the im
tense staves he felt along the back of his neck As
a Simm, he voas constantly avoare of the need to
prove his vwoocth fo this band of fierce Viorsermmen.
ils the VOott moved easily across the icy deck
to stand beside his second-incomm«mand. The
chill deepened.


"Are you sure that this is the right island?" Erik growled.

Hautala flinched. "Yes, Captain. This is the only island
they could have reached before this morning's sunrise."

Erik pulled open his own cloak and tossed it aside,
showing his disdain for the cold as well as his second-in-
command, and ignored the ice that instantly began to form on
his leather vest. He was not known as the Wolf simply for his
bloodlust in battle, but also for his temper in all other matters
as well.

"But are we in time?"

Hautala hesitated, unsure of the response his truthful
answer would provoke. But his honor demanded that he speak
the harsh truth at any cost.

"Captain, I fear that even now it is too late. The vargr
surely have killed your daughter or made her one of their own.
I pray that she is dead."

Erik's massive hand crushed the ice from the front of
Hautala's cloak as he pulled the smaller man toward him.

"Guard your tongue, Hautala, else I remove it and feed it
to my dogs. My daughter is alive and well. They took her for
aransom. I am sure of it. If they have harmed her in any way,
not even Odin will find enough of their bodies to feed his
worms."

"Calm yourself, Captain. I spoke only to prepare you for
what we might find. Do you not remember what happened to
King Hrothgarsson's daughter?"

Erik's fingers tightened dangerously near to Hautala's

windpipe. "It will not be the same now. Hrothgarsson was a
weak fool. He waited too long to give chase. We Norsemen
have always been the hunters, never the hunted...
Hrothgarsson forgot that and his daughter paid with her life
for his cowardice."

Hautala pulled back to lessen the pressure on his throat.
"Captain, I fought beside you in many battles, and came with
you now prepared to die to save your daughter. Why do you
dishonor me in this fashion?"

Erik's features softened in the waning light of the winter's
day. "Yes, Hautala," he said, barely above a whisper, "you have
served me well as a warrior and as friend. But your constant
whining for caution enrages me. Warriors care not for caution.
We win our battles in blood."

"As do the vargr, Captain."

Erik stared at the smaller man for a moment before
shoving him aside. Hautala opened his mouth, then thought
better of it. Now was not the time to confront Erik.

There was too little daylight left, and the night, Hautala
feared, would prove to be much too long.

The western sky was all but consumed in fire when the
bow of the ship scraped against the island's rocky shore.
Hautala signaled, and two men leaped into the icy water and
began pulling the hull away from the seductive grip of the tide.

WOLVES OF THE SEA

pRas

WS


"Ready yourselves, men," Erik yelled as he drew his sword
from its sheath, "a bounty of gold to the man whose blade kills
the most vargr!"

The warriors roared in one voice. "To Odin and to Signe
Eriksdotter!"

"That she may still be the living daughter of Erik," Hautala
whispered to himself.

"Then let us make quick work of our vengeance while the
sunlight still gleams upon our blades."

The ferocity of the men's war cry filled the approaching
darkness and scattered the few living creatures that called the
island home. But even as he drew his own sword and fell into
step behind his captain, Hautala knew they were rushing toa
battle they had little chance of winning, unless Freyja could
somehow temper The Wolfs own blind, vengeful hunger for
blood.

The men crested the low hill of coarse sand that separated
the shore from the island's rocky terrain when Erik stopped
them.

"Where?" he asked, turning to his second-in-command.

"Look for a cave," Hautala answered, "it is the only place
they could escape the sun."

"We search for a cave," Erik bellowed. "Look sharp... but
let no man enter the cave before me. The first kill shall be
mine."

The men surged into the silent heart of the island as if a
treasure-laden vault was in their sights. Bellows and shouts

filled the deepening twilight. The hunt had begun. Soon,
blood, from the living or from the walking dead, would flow as
water. Hautala could only hope that if his own blood was
spilled this night, it would mean his death, and not the far
worse fate of an eternal vargr.

"Here!"

At first, the call echoed from the rocks, giving no direc-
tion. Then Olaf raised his sword above his head and shouted
again. "Here! Captain. I've found the cave... and this."

Hautala felt his heart shudder within his chest when the
young warrior lifted a woman's shawl into the air. It was torn
and bloodied, but there was no mistaking the white wool, nor
the blue threads woven along the border of the cloth. All the
men had been there when Erik had taken this shawl from the
sacked holdings of an Irish nobleman, proclaiming that it
would make a fine gift for his daughter, Signe.

Erik screamed in rage and ran toward Olaf. "Show me the
cave!" he bellowed.

"No, Captain!" Hautala yelled, "we must have a plan. If
we tush into the darkness, the vargr will slaughter us!"

"Enough of your cowardice, Hautala," Erik raged, the
heat of his anger blazing within his cold, steel-gray eyes. "Stay
behind if you must, and may your worthless soul go to Hel's
hall for your fear!"

Erik turned toward the cave and screamed a war cry of his
family. The crew echoed his shout, then leaped down the
rocky slope behind him.

Hautala hesitated.

His heart and mind foughta terrible battle. His heart tried
to force his body forward, stung by the insult to his bravery. His
mind held his body back, certain that a berserk attack would
fail.

Suddenly, just as Erik and his men reached the edge of the
shadows cast by the larger rocks, a figure appeared inside the
mouth of the cave.

The Norsemen stopped. It was Signe Eriksdotter.

"Father," she called, her voice quavering, "do youcome to
strike me down?"

Erik took asingle step forward, lowering his sword slightly.
"Signe, have they harmed you? Are you well?"

"Yes, father. I am well. Please, put your weapon away.
Come to me. Hold me."

Erik's jaw dropped in disbelief as he hesitantly came
forward. "But we found your shawl," he stammered, "the
blood."

"I stand here before your own eyes, unharmed. Please,
father. 1 long to be safe within your strong arms. Please
embrace me."

Tears formed in Erik's eyes as his love for his daughter
overcame his warrior's instinct. He pointed his sword away
from Signe, but did not return it to its sheath.

Signe smiled as her father's massive arms encircled her in
the treasured hug she remembered from her childhood. His
harsh beard scratched against her soft cheek as she reached up
to remove his helmet.

Almost too fast to see, two vargr rushed out from behind
Signe, grabbing Erik's arms. Erik bellowed in rage and began to
struggle. Signe clenched his beard in her fists and wrenched his
head to the side. Long fangs glistened in the dim light as she
lunged at her father's unprotected neck.

"No!" screamed Hautala. "Get back into the sunlight!"

The Norsemen glanced around, realizing suddenly that
the setting sun had moved, thrusting them into the shadow of
the rocks. Before they could regain the light, several vargr
charged at them like a pack of starving wolves. Many brave
warriors were pulled to the ground as they swung their weapons
vainly. Their screams of frustration and agony echoed in the
small canyon of tumbled rocks.

Hautala howled mightily, rushing down the rocks toward
the carnage. He came to a skidding stop at the edge of the
shadows. The scenes of horror froze him where he stood. Vargr
feasted at the throats of struggling Norse warriors. Gleaming
blood spurted from severed jugular veins as the vampires fed
with languorous motions, sucking up the precious liquid.

"A TRAIL OF FROZEN BLOOD"


A lone vargr rose from the dead bodies of defeated
Norsemen and slunk toward Hautala. He stumbled back-
wards, flailing wildly as he fell. The vargr leaped, its
fully-extended fangs glinting like sharp daggers. Hautalaswung
his sword with all his might, slicing through the neck of the
vargr that was about to land on top of him. The headless body
landed a few feet to Hautala's left. The carcass smoked as the
waning, yet still potent sunlight seared the rotting flesh.

Hautala scrambled back further away from the deadly
shadows, then got to his feet. He shuddered at the ghastly
carnage as the remaining vargr moved away from the drained,
lifeless bodies of the Norsemen. They parted as Signe moved
forward.

"Hautala, my father's trusted friend and comrade, come to
me. | have known your face since | was but an infant. Kiss my
cheeks again as you did when I was a small child."

"You vile demon!" spat Hautala, "you are not the Signe
who played at my feet as a young girl. She is dead!"

"No. Not dead. I am gloriously alive! More alive than I
have ever been before. As a walkurie!"

Hautala turned, and began to run along the rocks, keep-
ing well clear of the shadows. An image had leaped from his
memory, and with it, aplan. He had seen a stunted scrub forest
not far from the spot where he and the Norsemen had beached
their long ship. If he hurried, he could gather dry wood, stand
in the sunlight still shining weakly high on the rocks, set the
wood aflame and hurl it down upon the vampires.

Theslippery, rock-strewn terrain challenged every step as
Hautala raced against the setting sun. He had to be careful. A
broken ankle or dislocated knee would leave him nearly
helpless as night fell. And he knew that with the darkness the
vargr would swarm upon him like a flock of ravenous vultures.
He gathered huge a armful of branches and parched shrubs,
desperation allowing him to carry more than he could have

under normal circumstances. Moving as quickly as he dared,
Hautala dashed from the dying forest to the rocks above the
accursed cave, then back again, gaining speed with each trip
as his wary eye measured the descend of the sun.

The vampires called up to him, enticing him to come
down among the shadows and receive the Embrace into their
clan, but none dared leave the protection of the shadows.
Hautala ignored them with the intensity of a man resolved
upon a single goal. Soon, their entreaties turned to curses as
they guessed his plan.

Finally, Hautala stopped, hoping that he had amassed
enough fuel to turn the vampires' hellish cave into a cleansing
inferno. The frosty air wheezed into his shivering lungs as he
fumbled in his fur vest for the pouch that held his flint. His
hands trembled as he struck the flint into a small pile of dried
moss. On the fifth strike, the moss caught fire. Hautala
carefully brought the burning moss to his mound of branches
and shrubs. As the wood and leaves ignited, he heaved them
down into the mouth of the cave.

WOLVES OF THE SEA


The vampires screeched with rage, and with terror as
many of the blazing projectiles found their marks, setting
aflame the dead flesh of the vargr. Vampires in burning agony
raced into the depths of the cave, unintentionally igniting
even more of their unliving ranks.

Hautala collapsed in exhaustion after heaving down his
last branch. The cave burned brightly from within as wood and
dead bodies fueled the pyre. In the flickering light, he could
detect no movement down below. When he had regained
enough strength, Hautala rose to his feet and headed back to
the waiting long ship. Only a faint glow remained on the
western horizon when he eventually reached the shore. The
darkness of night was nearly complete. Hautala tooka few deep
breaths, then set his shoulder against the bow of the ship and
shoved with all his remaining strength.

The heavy wooden hull moved not an inch.

Hautala gasped, then shoved again.

He had to get off this accursed island. How deep was that
cave? How many aftergangers had survived his fire?

He shoved and shoved until he had nothing left. His only
hope now was to wait for high tide to lift the hull enough for
him to push it back into the sea.

Suddenly, a voice echoed across the barren rocks from a
distance not very far away.

"Hautala!" it called.

It was the voice of Erik.

"] was wrong to think you a coward. You are the bravest,
cleverest warrior I have ever known. Come. Join with me once
again, old friend."



Greetings to the host,
Che quest has arrived,
an vohich seat shall he sit2
Rash is he vobo at urknoven decors
Relies ont his good luck
— the Dae carne


There was.a land north of old Europe, a land of frozen
winters and endless howling nights. A land where once men
of iron, free men, strong and proud, would take to the sea when
the ice had left the fjords. They sailed south, to take riches from
the churches of the weak Christ-god and the coffers of fat, dull
lords. Those who faltered went down to Hel's hall, but those
who found success won both riches and fame everlasting, as all
of Europe learned to speak the word "Northman" with fear-
trembling lips.

Now the golden days are gone. The Christ-god has swept
away the worship of real men's gods and made the people fat
and lazy. The old songs have been forgotten, and the blood of
heroes is wasted on these piss-ant dwarves who brag them-
selves Nordmanni. But in the shadows and the wilderness,
their eyes gleaming red fire from the ice-choked Scandinavian
night, the real heroes are waiting.

And the heroes of old have not forgotten.

WHAT IS THIS BOOK?

Wolves of the Sea details Scandinavian culture during
the golden age of Viking, between 850 and 1050 AD. This
book also details the vargr, the Einherjar holdouts from the
days of legend. From their sea-tossed ships and from halls
hidden deep in the wilderness, the slain warriors who rise
through the grace of Odin's blood carry on the Old Ways in
defiance of history and the Church of the Christ-god.

Within these pages, the Storyteller and player alike will
find a guide to the life and culture of the Scandinavian people
from the fall of the Western Roman Empire until the era of
Dark Ages: A culture of wolves whose lust for pride, for
freedom, and for rapacious independence would not be equaled
in the West until the American pioneers.

The Vikings came out of the frozen lands of the North, in
Norway, Iceland, Denmark and Scandinavia, seeking wealth
and conflict. Theirs was a society of rugged and enduring men
and women who revered bloody-handed gods and valued
courage and action above all other virtues. For two hundred
years, they traded and pillaged across the coasts of England,
Spain and other European countries, demanded tribute, sacked
towns and monasteries, and yet also engaged in settlement and
commerce. Like giants they strode across history, their ax-
wielding berserks and canny explorers performing feats of
bravery and prowess.

By the time of Dark Ages, the Scandinavians have
settled down or been beaten back from the lands south of their
homes, and the spread of Christianity is slowly assimilating
their culture. The old days of terrible gods and sailing warriors

are gone; now, merchants, farmers and even priests make up
the bulk of the populace. A few still remember the old ways,
but they are adying breed, pushed out by the inexorable spread
of Christ's word.

‘WOLVES OF THE SEA


Of course, among a people so fierce and proud, there are
bound to be a few who refuse to lay down their arms, whose
passions burn so brightly that their fires cannot be extin-
guished. Among these hearty few are the true wolves of the
North, and they draw the attention of those who would
preserve their talents and gifts for eternity. Embraced for their
courage, their skill at survival and their unrelenting ferocity,
the einherjar of Scandinavia preserve the old ways, sutround-
ing themselves with warriors who refuse to bow before the
advance of Christendom. In frost-covered woods and isolated
isles they make their homes, some even continue to travel the
sea lanes as unholy terrors. When the sun sets for all of winter
above the glacial North, the brood of Odin rides the waves in
darkness, hunting for glory, gold and blood.

Chapter 1: Viking Culture takes a look at pre-Christian
Scandinavian culture, and Scandinavian culture in general.
What did the Norse feel and think, how did their society work,
and how did they live when they weren't engaged in pillage
and rapine abroad?

Chapter 2: Customs and the Modern Era details the
customs and practices of the vargr of the modern high North,
with their strange democracy and their fierce loyalty to their
antique religion.

Chapter 3: Character Creation covers making a Scan-
dinavian character, be ita raider from the golden age of Viking
to an anachronistic vargr to a modern Scandinavian gentle-
man, trading his wares in the marketplaces of a reviving
western Europe.

Chapter 4: Systems helps Storytellers with the mechani-
cal systems for modeling the feats of the Norse and the vargr
of latter-day Scandinavia.

Chapter 5: Templates showcases some beginning-level
vargr characters for contemporary Dark Ages games which
can help evoke a feel for the Norse setting. They can be used
as new player characters in a Dark Ages game, or as allies or
antagonists in an existing chronicle.

Appendix: Notable Scandinavian Einherjar details the
exploits of famous einherjar of the North throughout the ages.
The most modern of scourges and the most ancient of heroes
are detailed.

GubE TO PRONUNCIATION

Old Norse and Old Icelandic use some characters which
are likely to be unfamiliar to speakers of the modern English
language.

P or p — Thorn. Pronounced like the TH in ‘thorn',

Dor 0— Edh. Pronounced like the TH in ‘breathe'.

A: or & — Ash. Pronounced like the ‘A' in ‘ash'.

LEXICON
Afterganger — A common Scandinavian term for a
vampire.

Althing — The Icelandic national assembly, which met
each year to make important decisions concerning the Icelan-
dic people, since they had no kings or jarls.

Drakkar — A longship smaller than a knorr, usually used
for Viking and piracy.

Einherjar — In Norse myth, the spirits of the slain
warriors in Valhal, who will fight at Ragnardk. Among Scan-
dinavian vampires, some warriors style themselves einherjar.

Einvig — Unlimited personal combat. A duel to the
death with no restrictions.

Godi — The closest Icelandic equivalent to a jarl. Godi
had certain rights and responsibilities in the Icelandic demo-
cratic process, and acted as patrons to smallholders, but were
not nobles as we would understand them.

Hird — The boon-companions of a lord. They eat at his
table, sleep in his hall, take his gifts of weapons, armor and
wealth, and derive their positions from him. So long as he can
feast them and gift them, they must stand beside him to the
death, both on and off the field of battle.

Holmgang — A highly stylized ritual that can be de-
scribed as either a duel or a trial by combat, depending on your
point of view. Combatants exchange sword or ax blows until
one is unable to continue.

Huskarl — A member of the hird, a warrior who makes
the bargain of mead and glory for loyal service to a lord.

Jarl — A noble of unspecified holdings, usually between
those of a landed knight and a baron or earl. Unlike a huskarl,
a jarl does not derive his position from his lord, but from his
hereditary holdings. While there were formal differences, the
mark of a jarl was the ability to keep a hall and men, and the
line between jarl and freeholder was often blurry.

Knorr—A longship larger than a drakkar, usually used for
trade.

Outlaw — Beyond the law. A punishment for certain
serious crimes. An outlaw has no right to wergild if slain, and
his killer need not announce the deed.

Soul-Bite — To drain another's spirit essence, the term
for Diablerie among the vampires of Scandinavia.

Thegn — The lesser partner in the Norse equivalent of a
feudal contract. A king's jarls are his thegns. Among vampires,
a thegn is one who labors under the Blood Oath.

Thing — The local assembly of a district. Democratic or
semi-democratic, the thing manages affairs of justice and vari-
ous other issues of local interest.

Vargr — Norse for "wolf." Used to refer to outlaws,
bandits and members of Clan Gangrel, as well as more mun-
dane wolves.

to Vike — To vike, or to go Viking, is a verb describing
the activity of traveling abroad, usually by ship, to grow rich
and gain glory by sack and pillage.

INTRODUCTION


Viking — One who vikes. A generic denizen of the High
North who does not engage in acts of banditry and rapine is
Norse or Scandinavian. Everyone outside of academia ignores
this, however, and so the book uses Viking in both its techni-
cal sense and in the generic sense of being an alternative to
Norse or Scandinavian.

RECOMMENDED READING:

A great deal has been written about the Viking age,
ranging from contemporary accounts of their depredations to
modern guides purporting to reveal to the credulous reader the
secrets of Scandinavian sex magic. Because this book cannot
hope to cover its topic in a more than glossary fashion, the
following list of books is suggested for those Storytellers who
want to gain a more complete understanding of Norse culture.

Fiction

Hrolf Kraki's Saga. Poul Anderson. Baen Books, 1988.
ISBN 0-671-65426-8

A transliteration of the saga of the Danish national hero
King Hrolf. Anderson makes the saga accessible for a reader
who has only passing familiarity with Norse culture of the
period.

Rheingold. Stephen Grundy. Bantam Spectra, 1995.
ISBN 0-553-56945-7

A transliteration and combination of the Volsungasaga
and the Nibelungenlied, combining the better parts of both
narratives. Lengthy, but easier for a modern reader to compre-
hend when compared to the originals.

Northworld. David Drake. Ace, 1990. ISBN 0-441-84830-3

Northworld 2: Vengeance. David Drake. Ace, 1991.
ISBN 0-441-58615-5

Northworld 3: Justice. David Drake. Ace, 1992.

An SF adaptation of various Norse myths and sagas.
Don't laugh — the books are extremely accessible compared
to the traditional versions of the stories, and worth some
attention simply for the adaptation into the Sci-Fi genre.

LITERATURE

The Prose Edda. Snorri Sturluson. trans. Jean I. Young.
University of California Press, 1954. ISBN 0-520-01232-1

Written by Snorri Sturluson for reasons which are the
subject of intense academic debate, the Snorri Edda is a guide
to Norse myth and the composition of saga literature in
written form. Snorri's text succeeded far beyond his expecta-
tions. Snorri single-handedly founded (and nearly
single-handedly wrote) a genre of Icelandic literature that
preserved for posterity many of the stories and legends that
were dying out with Christian influence and the passing of
time. The text of the Prose Edda can be challenging, but the
degree to which it is central to our understanding of Scandi-
navian mythology cannot be overstated. In many cases, the
Snorri Edda is the sole source of information about Norse
cosmology and religious myth.

‘WOLVES OF THE SEA

Beowulf. Penguin Classics, 1973. ISBN 0-14-044268-5

Heavily Christianized, and not strictly a Norse saga,
Beowulf is relatively accessible and widely available. If you are
reluctant to read saga literature, Beowulfs popularity as an
academic text means a great number of highly readable edi-
tions are available.

Volsungasaga. trans. Jesse L. Byock. University of Cali-
fornia Press, 1990. ISBN 0-540-06904-8

The classic Norse saga of the Rheingold and the doom it
brought to those who owned it. An excellentread anda perfect
introduction to the Norse tradition of heroic narrative.
Volsungasaga and the later Nibelungenlied formed the core of
Wagner's Ring Cycle operas.

Nibelungenlied. trans. Margaret Armour. Heritage Press,
1991.

A later, German version of the Volsungasaga. Composed
in the Medieval heroic tradition rather than the Norse style,
the Nibelungenlied is closer to the Song of Roland or the
Arthurian narratives than to the sagas from which it springs.
The body count would make Chow Yun-Fat blink and the
story is less coherent than that of Volsungasaga. On the other
hand, it has the strength of well-developed characters like
Hagen and Fokker the Gleeman.

Brennu Njalssaga

Often translated into English as The Saga of Burnt Njal or
Njal's Saga. Usually considered the most literary of the sagas.
it is definitely a fine look at the complex legal system of the
Icelandic anarchy. The complex narrative essentially culmi-
nates in Njal's voluntary martyrdom to stop a feud. This is
roughly like saying that the King Arthur cycle is about a man
whose wife has an affair with his best friend. Well worth
reading, especially to give a feel for Icelandic litigation.

LaxdElasaga

Egilssaga

Other well-recommended sagas. LaxdElasaga is available
online, and in translation by Penguin and no doubt from
several other academic publishers. Egilssaga, also available
from Penguin, is available online only in Old Icelandic.

REFERENCE

There is a great deal of reference material written on the
Vikings, detailing everything from their ability to sail across
the North Atlantic to their daily life. Unfortunately, the
Scandinavians began to record their history very late, and so
while we have a great deal of cultural material, we have very
little historical fact.

A History of the Vikings. Gwyn Jones. Oxford University
Press, 1968. ISBN 0-19-285139-X

Jones' work provides a fine, relatively accessible overview
of the topic. This text was the basic reference in common
between the writers on this project.


Everyday Life in the Viking Age. Jaqueline Simpson.
G.T. Putnam's Sons, 1967

Aimed towards a youth audience, this book has plenty of
information on everything from the games Vikings played to
the daily routine of their lives. A great resource for anyone
trying to get a sense of the Vikings.

Norse Gods and Giants. Ingri and Edgar Darin d'Aulaire.
Doubleday, 1967. ISBN 0-385-04908-0

A synoptic work intended for a young audience, with lots
of beautiful and colorful illustrations, d'Aulaire's work is a
summary of the Norse myths for a casual reader.

Medieval Iceland: Society, Sagas and Power. Jesse L.
Byock. University of California Press, 1988. ISBN 0-520-
05420-2

A highly academic work detailing the intricate structure
of obligation and advocacy that was the Icelandic Free State.
Almost certainly not available without special order, this book
makes a superlative reference for Storytellers with a firm
grounding in the sagas and Scandinavian culture, who want to
set a game in Iceland. This book focuses a great deal on detail
and Icelandic legal structure.

The Penguin Atlas of Medieval History. Colin McEvedy.
Penguin Books, 1961.

The text is centered on Western Europe (so there is little
writing about Vikings), but the maps are an invaluable guide
to the ebb and flow of kingdoms and culture across the
Medieval world. A must for any Dark Ages Storyteller.

INTERNET RESOURCES?

For every specialized hobby, there isat least one homepage
(and quite possibly more). Norse studies is no exception.
Below are a few pages worthy of note, most of which have
extensive Links sections.

The Hevameel.

http://asatru.org/havamal.html

http://members.aol.com/nkpage/nikweb.htm/
highone.html

hetp://home.c2i.net/espenjo/home/edda/ha al_e.htm

"The Sayings of the High One." The Haevameel is a
collection of sayings credited to Odin, and a part of the larger
Elder Edda. Profoundly reflective of Norse culture and atti-
tudes, as well as containing great deal of common sense worth
reading in the present day. This one text is a must-tead for
players or Storytellers who wish to play characters in or
influenced by Viking-era Scandinavia. While the three ver-
sions are not identical, they are similar — the multiple
pointers were included to allow for web rot.

The Norse Classics Page. http://members.aol.com/
nkpage/nikweb.htm/norse.htm

A large collection. Contains the Elder and Snorri Eddas,
Nibelungenlied, Volsungasaga, and several Beowulfs. Also links
to Saxo Grammaticus' History of Denmark and Tacitus'

INTRODUCTION


D.L. Ashliman's Folktales. http://www.pitt.edu/~dash/
folktexts-html

A collection of academic translations of folktales from
around the world, with a very strong emphasis on Germany
and Scandinavia. This site contains multiple translations,
including some hard-to-find material.

University of Kansas translations FTP site. ftp://
ukanaix.cc.ukans.edu/pub/history/Europe/Medieval/transla-
tions/

Most of the major tales of the European heroic corpus are
presenton this FTPsite, from the LaxdElasaga and Erybygiasaga
to El Cid. A must for any Dark Ages player or Storyteller
interested in European heroic legend.

tack the monastery on the Holy Isle of
‘ween England and Scotland, on June 8.
lace and kill the monks, beginning the

‘ish monastery on Iona is sacked by Vikings.
again sacked by Vikings.
g raiders sack the monastery at Iona fora third
ting 68 monks; the survivors finally flee the
‘omes an all-too-familiar pattern.
settlement is established in Dubli

Loch Owel.

© 850: Norsemen settle in England, attempting to c:

and colonize London, Rochester, Canterbury and
chester.

¢ 852: Vikings sack St.-Wandrille de Fontenelle aj

© 853: The brothers Olaf and Ivar establish Dublin

bank of the Liffey in Ireland.

© 858: Vikings sack St.-Wandrille de Fontenelle y

This time, the monks flee with their relics, w

suffer the constant attacks.

859: Hasteinn and Bjgrn lead 62 ships from France
through Spain, the Iberian coast, along North Africa, and
into Italy. After sacking half a dozen cities, the ships make
their way home to France in 862. Two-thirds of the fleet
is lost, but Hasteinn and Bjgrn return home fabulously
wealthy and famous.

© 870: King Edmund of East Anglia is captured by Vikings.
Refusing to renounce his faith, he is tied to a tree and shot
to death with arrows.

¢ 874: The brothers Ingolf and Leif, based on reports from
other sailors blown off course, set out for Iceland and begin
colonization.

Ay Viking Era TrMeELINE

>, © 892: King Alfred the Great, of Wessex, builds a series of

© 876: Members of the Lasombra clan set in motion a plan to
Christianize the Vikings in order to mitigate their threat to
Europe. This later leads to the formation of the Varangian
Guard, as the Vikings become mercenaries for the Christian
armies.

© 885: Danes offer to leave Paris unharmed in exchange for
passage up the Seine. The French refuse, and the Danes
attack Paris.

* 890: Concerned by the spread of Viking savagery, the Ventrue
of England apply their influence to strengthen the local military
for defense.

lefenses throughout Europe. Forts and organized militia are
d to ward off the Vikings.
ing Alfred designs a new fleet of ships and, for the
egularly defeats the Norse in sea combat.

A hasty convocation of Ventrue decides to undermine the
Vikings by assimilating them. Vikings are offered the opportu-
nity to take positions of power and responsibility, contingent
upon their defense of the established order.
¢ 910: King Edward, son of Alfred the Great, kills the
Danish king Halfdan and brings a halt to Viking power in
England.

ple cedes the Duchy of Neustria

Ve

to Hrolf the Walker, prov:
converts to Christianity.

© 930: The Icelai

¢ 937: Vikings in
invade England, |
Athelstan and Ed:

$, and Ethelred, heir to the English
le, refusing any advisors or counse-

assumes kingship of England,
setting up a reig er later ended by the Vikings.
¢ 982: Erik the
ward and discov:

‘WOLVES OF THE SEH


danegeld (ransom) from Ethelred, totaling 16
of silver.

¢ 994: Olaf Tryggvason and Svein Forkbea
danegeld of 12,000 pounds of silver from Ed
© 996: Olaf Tryggvason is elected King of No
about converting the populace to Christianity

* 1002: The Danes gather 18,000 pounds ¢
danegeld from England.

¢ 1003: Sailing west with directions from thé
Bjarni, Leif Eriksson (a Christianized Viking:
Erik the Red) arrives in Vinland — the Am
four hundred years before Columbus.

* 1007: Danegeld in England reaches 27,000
silver.

Forkbeard attacks England; Ethelred flees
d his son Knut capture England. Svein falls
e and dies shortly thereafter, but his son
work.
rgg Silkbeard attacks Ireland at Clontarf,
A, but loses badly.

it, son of Svein Forkbeard, is acknowledged as

te the Great sends his Vikings home. By this
to kingship spells the end of much of the old
ways of the Vikings, and their culture is sub-

yd he Christianized military structure of Europe.



dvom the east came ships all eager for battle
With grim gaping heads carved in gold,
The battle began, the berseckers hovoling
"WWolf-coats!" and voildty casting their spears.
- Accounted by Snorri Sturluson


Living in an almost perpetually frozen land with limited
food and metal, the Norse must rely on their own resourceful-
ness and unflinching courage to survive. Naturally, with their
longships and fierce independence, they quickly took to
raiding outside cultures for sustenance and wealth. Yet even in.
their hoary homes, they survive by farming and herding,
spreading to colonize other lands as opportunities present
themselves. Where their wanderlust intersects with other
cultures, they engage in trade; when the encroachment of
Europe spreads into their territories, they extract tribute. For
over two hundred years they dominate the sea lanes and most
of the lands of the far north.

The Viking warrior is engraved in the minds of men
everywhere as a fierce sailor with ax, shield and mail armor.
Quick to anger and prizing action over contemplation, they
epitomize the terrifying fighters and raiders that sweep across
Europe and the oceans. Yet, even with their brutal ways and
bloody wars, they evolve a powerfully independent and ritu-
alistic culture. The towns of Scandinavia develop a system of
obligation and responsibility that hints at the democratic
process. The legal system of Iceland flourishes and the blood-
feud turns into a means of settling disputes instead of a simple
tool for revenge. Skalds compose stories that resound through-
out the ages with the myths and legends of a stalwart, proud

people. This dichotomy of honor and bloody-handed warfare
meets to define the Vikings as a complex and compelling
people. Naturally, the vampires among them are just as vi-
cious, deadly and imposing.

SCANDINAVIAN
CIVILIZATION

The root of any culture lies in the way that its people
gather their daily bread. Scandinavia is no exception. A harsh
land with short, mild summers and long, dark and brutal
winters, the climate and geography of the High North dictate
a way of life that made the Norse a grim people, eager for new
land. In the Age of Migrations, it drove the Germanic tribes
south, to push against the Roman empire in an attempt (often
successful) to gain new lands. In the Viking age, conditions
once again sent young men against the shores of Europe in
search of wealth from pillage and trade, new lands to settle, and
above all the undying fame of glorious deeds. By the time of
Dark Ages, such incursions have trickled off, but the vampires
whostill remember and practice the old ways continue to revel
in the glory of past deeds.


AGRICULTURE
HND GEOGRAPHY

The main source of food for Scandinavia is agriculture,
and a poor subsistence it is in the medieval era. The crop
rotation system and wet climate make grain difficult to culti-
vate, and winters are in many cases so severe that in the spring
the farmer must carry his livestock in his arms from his cottage
out to the pasturage.

Notonly are the weather conditions harsh in Scandinavia,
but arable land is scarce as well. In Norway and Iceland
especially, arable land is a precious commodity, passed down.
through a family and protected by law and tradition against tax
and confiscation. With so little surplus wealth to be had at
home, the Norse are driven to trade or raid abroad if they wish
to secure personal wealth, or in some cases the very necessities
oflife. Likewise, the rugged character of the land prevents easy
conquest by aspiring local empire builders, and makes the
sturdy individualism and the community-oriented democracy
and justice that characterizes Viking-era Scandinavia a requi-
site for survival rather than a freedom to be aspired to. The
Norse do, however, recognize what a priceless asset their
liberty is and are extremely contemptuous, like most nomads

from marginal regions, of what they see as the soft and slavish
life of the more organized civilizations to the south.

Finally, while the geography and politics of Scandinavia
make a quiver full of offspring (especially sons) desirable, they
also encourage sending second, third, fifth and further sons out
into the world to seek their fortune elsewhere after reaching
adulthood. Thus are born a great mass of men who seek fortune
and glory undying under the banner of some great or famous
lord or hero. It is these second offspring, as well as outlaws,
political refugees and other outcasts who crew vessels and
expeditions headed south and east, bound for plunder and
trade or seeking new lands to settle.

For einherjar, the settlements of the north are dangerous
but thrilling places. A vampire must be clever and strong to
survive, just like the people upon whom she feeds. Hunting is
difficult because of the lengthy summer days, the stubborn
independence of the people and the small size of communities.
Conversely, the Scandinavians highly respect strength and
power; in a small agrarian community, a vampire has the
opportunity to use her powers to establish a small fiefdom,
demanding blood-sacrifice from the farmers in exchange for
protection.


EXPOSURE,
feformed or uriwanted infants isa long
in the J igh North. In most
s on the spot if the child
en for the dogs or not.
in mind just how
ing the medieval

should be left out on th
While this is a grim
brutal existence int

petiod. There is

disabled in a soc!

narrow enough that livestock'
they must be carried out t6
Iceland, the issue of e:
matter that protecti
Church censure

national conve

was a significant enough
exposure practices from

be for us.

From the raid in Lindisfarne in 793 until the end of the
Viking age in 1070, all of Europe from Spain to Paris lives in
fear of the Viking fleets. Alone and in fleetsnumberingas little
as two to as many as 50, the ships of these reavers wreak two
centuries of terror and bloodshed on the European landscape.
Those places that are strongly held, they raid; those places that
are divided, like Ireland and Britain, are invaded and settled.

Viking raids are not a matter of national policy, rather
they are private ventures. Individuals attach themselves to a
prestigious leader in search of riches and fame. The leaders
then head south when the weather permits, going as far south
as they dare and plundering hundreds of miles up the great
rivers of Europe.

These raids for swag and glory can be epic, in their own
squalid way. In 844, a fleet of 150 ships plunders as far up the
Garonne riveras Toulouse, possibly as part ofa civil war taking
place at that time in France. The fleet then sails south and,
after much skirmishing and pillage, sails up the Guadalquivir
to sack Seville, though the Vikings end up besieged and are
lucky to slip the noose of Abd al-Rhaman II's troops.

Bjorn Ironside, who seems to have operated from the isle
of Oscellus, plunders the Seine in 856-7 and is besieged by
Charles the Bald, though the siege is lifted by the treachery of
Charles' nobles. Besieged again by another Viking named
Weland operating at Charles' request, Bjérn and his men are
forced to flee, leaving Weland 11,000 pounds of silver richer
both from Charles' danegeld and Bjérn's ransom. Bjérn then
embarks on a four-year odyssey of rapine that takes his 62 ship
flotilla to Spain, North Africa and Italy. The Vikings fail to

WOLVES OF THE SEA

take Seville, but do manage to sack Algeciras, Narbonne, Pisa,
Luna, Pamplona and most of the coastline between Norway
and the harbor of Egyptian Alexandria.

The life of the Viking isn'tall plunderand glory, however.
Vikings who arrive in numbers too small to panic the local
militia run the risk of simply being rounded up like criminals
and hung out of hand. For every man who goes a-Viking and
comes home rich, there is another (or two, or five) who dies
without glory ona farmer's spear or the gallows, or who drowns
in a capsized ship. Of Bjorn Ironsides' 62 ships of raiders, only
20 return, their crews thinned considerably. Of course, those
who come back alive are so unfathomably rich they often have
problems conceiving of how to spend it. The risk must seem
worth it to many the third son of a fisherman-farmer whose
only alternative isa life of workingas a hired man, ifhe is lucky,
or a bondsman if his luck runs sour.

ARDENT CAPITALISM

Sooner or later, the Scandinavians go everywhere. Some-
times they go there to steal everything small enough to carry
and burn the ruins, and other times they go to sell goods to
anyone who stands still long enough for them to make their
pitch. Not only are they the most rapacious raiders in Europe,
the Norse are its most ardent capitalists. Equaled only by the
Arabs (who are some of their most regular trading partners)
the Scandinavian peoples are merchants extraordinare.
Whether they are selling the wool and cheese of Scandinavia
or previously owned valuables from the city a few day's sail up
the coast, the Scandinavian merchants are eager and willing
to travel to make deals happen. In the Viking age, the trade
routes of the Norse stretch by sea from North America to
Spain. To the east, they stretch across the Baltic and down the
great rivers of Russia to the Black Sea. And those are only the
regular routes; the daring trade farther abroad than that:
Vinland, Greenland, Iceland, Byzantium, Persia, the Maghreb,
France, Iberia, Ireland, England. The list includes every nation
in Europe and the Middle East with a coastline or navigable
rivers.

The Vikings travel and trade and sack across a great deal
of the known world, to the point of discovering a few new
places in their search for wealth. During the period of their
ascendancy, the Scandinavians are substantially closer to
having an actual cash economy than anyone else north of
Constantinople or Spain. Cash is a regular medium of ex-
change in the High North, and even a cotter is likely to use
coinage as well as kind in his purchases. The degree to which
cash economies are ingrained into Norse culture is demon-
strated by the Icelanders, who maintain an economy based on
legal ounces of silver on an island practically bereft of actual
coinage (though other goods and jewels are sometimes used for
trade).

The importance of capitalism to the Norse is hard to
overstate. Perhaps because of their individualistic outlook or
the highly marginal nature the Scandinavian region under


medieval agricultural practices, the Scandinavians make the
exchange of goods and services central to their way of life.
Both murder and marriage are business propositions, and a
huskarl is bound to his lord through the gifts of mead and mail,
table and sword that he accepts. In Iceland during the Free
State, in the absence of royal authority or any form or orga-
nized executive power, this is even more pronounced. Iceland
at this time is the largest chaotic state of free-trading individu-
als ever documented.

THE Cur OF THE LEADER

AND THE QUEST FOR GLORY
Mead is sweet, but bitter when paid for

— Norse aphorism

Hand in hand with Norse individualism and capitalism
go the cult of personal magnetism and the quest for immortal-
ity through fame and glory.

Powerful influence is held by those who promise riches
and renown to their followers. Indeed, Norse culture centers
on deeds and actions, and those who act with surety draw the
admiration of their fellows through tales and sagas. Most

Viking raids are led by one or two very charismatic men who
attract followers to themselves through force of personality
and the promise of celebrity and swag.

The men who follow these leaders and form the coteries
of petty kings and heroes throughout history are of two types.
The first are the simple followers, who work with a leader of
their own free will in exchange for a share of the proceeds.
These followers come and go as the fortunes of a leader rise and
fall, no one man any more or less loyal than another.

The leader's closest followers, however, are different.
Known as his hird or warband, they have thrown their lot in
with their leader. In return for their loyalty throughout their
lives, the hird receive special consideration. If the leader is a
Viking or other reaver, then the hird receive first choice of the
spoils. If the leader is a petty king, then the hird sit at the head
of his table, drinking mead as well as ale, and their lord gifts
them with arm rings of silver, coats of fine mail, weapons, food
and lodging. So long as the leader can fulfill his side of the
bargain and bring them glory and riches, the hird are pledged
to stand at his side, be his men in all things, and die with him
in battle.


Because a position in the hird is so rewarding if the leader
is successful, there are always plenty of young men eager for
glory and riches willing to cast their lot in with a would-be
hero. This is the origin of the armies that second and third sons
competing for a succession seem to be able to conjure from
nowhere. Each such warband is full of men eager to win the
property and privilege of a huskarl. This bargain, mead and
riches for loyalty and service, leads many young men to lonely
deaths under foreign skies. But the rewards for those who
succeed are more than enough of a lure to keep youths
dreaming of fame and riches despite all odds.

Einherjar who keep halls no doubt find the bargain of the
ghoul, of boundless strength and ageless youth, easy to incor-
porate into the rituals of the hiré. Whether the vampires
inform their mortal minions of their conditions or not, the cult
of personal loyalty is tailor-made for the brood of Odin.
Manipulative Ventrue and Lasombra are likely to indulge in
bands of followers conditioned with the Blood Oath, but even
Gangrel warriors who take up the position of jarl can be found
with ghoulish warbands. Primarily, the fact that the exchange
of service and loyalty for generous gifts is a central part of
Norse culture helps the whole process of creating ghouls seem
much more natural. Hird members may be openly promised
the Blood as part of the contract between the lord and his
warband. Alternately, it may be put in their mead under some
false pretense during the ceremonies celebrating their joining
the warband, as part of some three-night ritual of loyalty. Thus
do the ritual's effects on the warrior add to and reinforce the
Blood Oath.

The quest for the immortality of fame is as important to
the Vikings as the quest for wealth and power. Like the ancient
Greeks, the Norse know well the temporality of life. Their
marginal existence leaves them no illusions about their own
mortality, and the Norse view of the underworld gives them no
hope for a better life after death. Thus they, like the ancient
Greeks, seek the immortality of legend. The Heevameel, the
wisdom-sayings of Odin, says "Cattle die, kindred die, every
man is mortal: But I know one thing that never dies, the glory
of the great deed." To die, even as a rich man, is to become
nothing more than clay, or to go to Hel's hall and drink only
dust from empty cups. To die in a great endeavor is to gain
immortality through the memory of one's deed. The brave
hope to live forever in saga, and to fare to Valhal to join the
einherjar after death, to fight beside the Asir against the jotuns
and the fire-demons on the day of Ragnarék.

The almost atheistic approach towards death makes the
Norse much more accepting of the einherjar condition than
the Christians of Europe. While the aftergangers are often seen
as unnatural and more than mildly repulsive, those who
choose their state as a way to survive through the course of
centuries are not considered unholy. They may be thought of
as dangerous, bestial, vain and cowardly in the face of death
and old age, but einherjar lords are still able to live openly and

WOLVES OF THE SEA

FEMALE LEADERS IN SCANDINAVIA

While the lot of Scandinavian women is often
painted as a grim one, there are precious few, male or
female, whose lot in the High North during the Viking
period is not grim. Norse culture certainly offers far
more opportunity to highborn women than any Euro-
pean or Mediterranean culture. Not just limited to
merely being the power behind the throne, women
openly hold power all over Scandinavia during the
Viking age, primarily because of the cult of personal
magnetism. While women rarely fare onto the battle-
field or go a-Viking, wisdom is considered at least as
valuable a trait in a leader.a
are an extraordi,

Englis| Dane f

These two notables are only a few of the dozens of
women who hold thrones in the Scandinavian region
during the Viking Age. Despite Norse laws prohibiting
women from speaking out at things or holding lands, the
practicality of the Norse supports strong women. Any
woman able to gather a group of freemen or wealthy
enough to control several dozen farms is certainly too
powerful to be challenged by the fine points of the law.
Only with the coming of Christianity and the
feudalization of the petty kingdoms of Scandinavia
does a woman's ability to hold power decline. Even so,
the region is more accepting of strong females than
Continental Europe.

to send someone to the marketplace without the servant
getting stoned. Respecting strength and charisma, the Norse
are far more likely to consider the vampiric condition a
blessing — eternal vigor, incredible powers and the ability to
heal rapidly — rather than a curse.


Norsk Poutics
AND SOCIETY

Until the end of the Viking Era, when the Scandinavian
region becomes feudalized, the politics of Scandinavia are the
politics of petty kingdoms and agricultural communities. From
Denmark to northern Norway, history progresses for over a
thousand years as petty king succeeding petty king. Each lord
fights his wars, conquers or is conquered by his neighbors. When
akingdom is weak, it dissolves in civil war, succession crises, or
from the predation of its neighbors. Large scale unification
started somewhat before Christianization, first in Denmark,
then in Norway under Harald Hardradi. Arguably, the unifica-
tion of Norway (which disintegrated again after Harald's heir,
Eirik Bloodaxe, proved unable to hold the kingdom together)
was justa passing phenomenon, similar to King Hrolfs legendary
work atunifying Denmark. However, oncedone, it would attract
imitators and hopefuls, and the unification of Norway as a single
kingdom eventually became a reality.

Tue "DISTRICT"

The basis of Scandinavian politics is the district, similar
in size to a European county or set of several small holdings.
While the name applied to this region varies from location to

location, its size and general purpose remain constant. At the
center of each is a gathering place that serves as a marketplace,
ameeting place for the local thing and no doubt as a muster for
whatever passes as the militia during times of strife.

The foundation of Scandinavian society is its smallholders,
fiercely independent householders who are usually farmers,
fishermen or a combination of both. Because the smallholders
are free and unbeholden men, a rough democracy is the general
tule. Disputes and crimes are put before a local assembly, usually
under the watchful eye of one of the king's huskarls to assure fair
playandan outcomeacceptable to the powers thatbe. In Iceland,
with its extremely chaotic colonial settlements, there are nojarls,
and cases are instead appealed to the local thing or (if they are
thought very important) brought before the four "Quarter Courts"
of the Althing. Fair play in Iceland is a matter of wealth and
reputation —a man must have the help of a respected local who
can make sure that the thing or Althing's verdicts are upheld.

Social einherjar no doubt have some difficulty unless they
live as full-fledged petty kings. Householders are expected to
show up at the thing, not to send one of their hired men. While
a vampire may be able to convince the local thing to meet at
night (Presence is helpful on such occasions), he is quite likely
to operate at a major disadvantage in the tangle of under and
over the table deals and rapidly-shifting alliances that com-
prise Scandinavian local politics, simply because of his inability

CHAPTER ONE: VIKING CULTURE


to involve himself in the deals taking place during the day
outside of the thing.

THRALLS

Like all pre-modern agriculture, Scandinavian agricul-
ture is based in part on forced labor. While Scandinavia uses
less enforced labor than continental Europe, slavery is still
commonly practiced in the Norse world. Slavery dies out
quickly in Iceland due to local conditions; with large amounts
of arable land and the lack of central jarls and lords, men are
free to farm and live as they please. Slavery in Scandinavia
ends with the introduction of Christianity, though many,
thralls and freeman alike, are reduced to peasantry instead, so
this may not be as much of a net gain as it seems.

The thralls in Norse society have grim lives ahead of them.
They are property, and can be bought or sold. Ifkilled, they have
no bloodprice, though their owners are entitled to compensa-
tion. They may marry, but their children are born thralls.
Manumission — freeing of slaves, or the purchase of freedom —
ispermitted, but there isno legally fixed price of freedom (though
no doubt there were local conventions). Thralls are also used for
the occasional human sacrifices demanded by the Norse reli-
gion, and to feed the appetites of ravenous einherjar. Indeed, a
vampire with a store of silver or trade goods can simply purchase
thralls from a local smallholder, much like a farmer might buy
cattle — and to much the same ends...

All in all, the bondsman's life is a grim one, though it is
not without some highlights. The condition of a man's thralls
is as important an indicator of a man's status as that of his
livestock and hall. In the materialistic Norse world, this means
that even if the lord is going hungry, the thralls are likely to eat
as well as he can afford, to keep up appearances. Also, there is
no ethnic character to thralldom in the Norse world. Anyone
can become a bondsman, and many a saga hero spends a time
consigned to chains by the misfortunes of war or shipwreck.
The Norse make no attempt to pretend that their thralls are
subhuman, in need of their protection, or destined by Odin or
God to serve them. The thralls are just unlucky enough to be
on the bottom — any man who finds himself in debt or
helpless in a hostile land may well be enthralled. While this
seems like a small favor in return for a large curse, it no doubt
makes the lives of many thralls a good deal easier, as well as
making manumission possible. After all, a thrall is less likely
to revolt if there's hope for eventual salvation.

Vampiric lords, of course, keep thralls for different reasons
than their human counterparts. A small stable of thralls makes
for easy and excellent feeding; since thralls are property, killing
the vessel is only an inconvenience. Entire generations of thralls
are spawned to feed the appetites of their vampire lords, since the
children of thralls are themselves thralls as well. Thralls also
perform mundane tasks and upkeep, especially during the day,
without need of pay. A vampire who has no desire to support a
band of raucous and hungry huskarls may keep thralls instead, as
the thralls do not require constant gifts of silver and weaponry.

‘WOLVES OF THE SEA

Particularly sadistic and jaded einherjar send their thralls into
competitions of battle and endurance; while a valued huskarl
cannot be wasted on such frivolities, a thrall is easily replaceable,
and the entertainment of watching humans debase themselves
and fight bloodily to the death is the kind of entertainment that
most intrigues old vampires.

JARLS

A jarl is a landed noble whose possessions range (to
provide a Continental scale) somewhere between those of a
landed knight and those of a baron or earl. Large enough to
keep a hall and a table for full-time hired men, the jarl lives on
the produce of his lands, the fees of justice, the proceeds of
warfare and possibly taxes on the local marketplace. In Iceland
the chieftains (called godi) do likewise, subsisting mainly on
the rents of their lands and the proceeds of arbitration. A jarl
usually lives in a (very) loose semi-feudal relationship with a
local petty ruler. The lines between successful farmer, jarl and
king are blurry, however — Viking-age Scandinavia is a
golden land of opportunity and adventure, provided that the
budding social climber is prepared to engage in a certain
amount of bloody-handed rapine. A farmer successful enough
to keep a large table and a hall is effectively a jarl, and a king
is little more than a highly successful jarl.

Jarl is the social class most suited to social einherjar:
powerful enough to support hired men and a hall, but not so
powerful as to attract the envy of other petty kings eager to
exploit the einherjar's daytime weakness. Even vargr, especially
those opposed to the Christianization, may choose to keep an
isolated hall to support their campaigns.

KunGs

The Scandinavian concept of leadership is a spiritual as
well as a temporal one — a chieftain, be he petty king, jarl or
godi, is the leader of his people, the bringer of good harvests,
and is intimately connected with the health of his community.
Life in Scandinavia is meager in the extreme, and a chieftain's
performance of ritual religious duties is considered an impor-
tant safeguard for his people's welfare. Be warned — a leader
whose luck fails him may be driven out or even sacrificed to
Odin or Ponar to bring good weather and harvests.

The benefits of leadership are many, though Viking kings,
like jarls, are considerably poorer than their Continental
cousins. While a petty king can subsist on the fees of his office
and the produce of his personal holdings, those who wish to be
great or glorious are most often driven to trade or plunder.

Succession in Scandinavia is irregular, to say the least.
Huskarls of the king's hird, sons, strong-willed wives and
daughters all have equal chances at gaining control of the
kingdom after the reigning lord's death. Sometimes the king
appoints an heir apparent or divides the kingdom into equal
portions for his offspring or loyal followers before his death.
Regardless of attempts to the contrary, civil strife (if not open
warfare) is the rule and not the exception. The refugees and


members of the losing sides in these civil wars add to the ranks
of the raiders and migrants who lap at the edges of European
civilization during the Viking era.

When exerting long-term control over large areas of
territory, disputed succession is not in the best interest of
hidden vampire masters. A vampire who does not take up the
mantle of petty kingship himself must prepare for the problems
of succession. Often, this means killing or neutralizing the
opposing (uncontrolled or undesirable) parties, while maneu-
vering the vampire's favored (and properly groomed) candidate
into position to take the throne. With the power of Disciplines
like Dominate and Presence, and the ability to hunt and kill
mortal adversaries with relative ease, this is not a very difficult
proposition—untila rival einherjar becomes involved. Backed
by feuding vampires, separate sides of a battle for kingship can
quickly go from disorganized feuding families to irregular
armies, as the unbreathing lords pull the strings of their agents
to make their puppets work in tandem. Naturally, once ran-
dom insults and the occasional murder are swapped for
purposeful hall burning and massed slaughter, blood-feud and
war are the final result. In such situations, one side or another
is generally destroyed utterly before the matter is resolved. In
rare instances, an einherjar may back down from such a
challenge, abandoning his unwitting servitors and striking out
for more amicable territory elsewhere (either by settling or by
conquest), but einherjar pride more often results in a conflict
to Final Death.

FEUD AND THE

=e

i pa

Norsk Cono
OF HONOR

The rugged individualism of the Norse makes fora tightly-
bound system of honor and retribution, that forms the basis of
much of their culture. The Scandinavian region is incredibly
harsh, a land of extremely limited agricultural resources,
brutally frigid winters and difficult terrain. Only individuals of
equally rugged disposition can survive here. The crushing
burden of life in Scandinavia breeds a people far more warlike,
individualistic and self-reliant than the Greco-Roman, Celtic
and Germanic peoples to the south. Land of limited arability
means that people must band together in order to survive, but
there are not enough resources to actually empower any sort of
noble class. When late frost or a poor harvest results in
starvation, only those brave enough to fight for their lives will
survive; they kill without hesitation and remorse, raiding
other towns for food and money. Ina society so tightly-knit yet
violent, only rigid codes of honor and behavior keep men from
killing each other outright.

This sense of self-reliance and individualism is best ex-
pressed through the Norse concept of personal honor and the
feud tradition. The Norse ideal of honor is unswerving and


fatalistic; it stresses uncompromising bravery in the face of any
andall danger, absolute adherence to oaths and promises, total
loyalty to friends and family, grim acceptance of hardship and
a personal dignity that tolerates neither mockery nor failure.
The degree to which it is honored varies from individual to
individual, but the Norse sense of honor is far closer to the
Roman ideal than to the Japanese. There is no implicit
acceptance of duplicity and subterfuge as the grease that
makes society run; there is no superficial appearance of adher-
ence toa rigid moral code, only honor or disgrace. Also unlike
Japan, while the Scandinavian ethical code is a selfish one, it
is ultimately practical. No self-respecting warrior considers
suicide when there is something to be done, no matter how
hopeless the task. To commit suicide is to admit fear, and
cowardice is the only sin the Crow-glutter admits.

Central to the Scandinavian concept of honor is the
tradition of feud. When an individual is wronged, restitution
must be made. In some cases, particularly in Iceland, this may
be nothing more than a settlement in kind, negotiated by a
third party. In the case of severe offenses (especially those
committed intentionally), cooler heads cannot be brought to
bear on the question while still satisfying the demands of
honor. The result: a feud.

Some feuds start between individuals and without blood-
shed. Eventually, however, most of them come down to blood
and family. The mechanism is simple: An individual who feels
wronged retaliates as best he can, either against the person by
whom he was wronged or against someone or something close
to that person. The target of retaliation responds, and a
bellicose chain ensues, as each party seeks to equal or better

INSULTS AND THE BRAG

The Norse are
brag. The differenc
North and one of a
the Norseman is p
Norse insults are

Sof both the insult and the
an insult or brag in the

tly inclination is that
uttering idle words.

— especially
an equivalent

public declaration of intent.

le of the feats that they will

to outdo his peers in prom-

x the words are uttered,

k. A young warrior who

nent's banner during an

e banner, or he'll go to

id that he will, and that's

the way it is. Accordin| ost Scandinavian warriors
had brief but glorious careers.

Warriors boast before
undertake, each attemy
ised acts of heroism.

the other. As individuals are killed or request aid from their
friends and relatives, the feud expands, and takes on a more
encompassing character. Eventually, the main point of the
feud becomes irrelevant or falls by the wayside as greater
numbers of participants become involved.

Some feuds are short-lived, but others drag on for genera-
tions of bloodletting and revenge. Particularly in Iceland,
where no centralized authority exists, an intricate system of
feud and arbitration has developed to keep the peace. The
Icelandic feud system resolves interpersonal disputes in the
absence of a king or other agency of enforcement. In the rest
of Scandinavia, feud is recognized and (at least until the
coming of Christianity) legitimate, though local rulers in
different times and places suppress or attempt to suppress
certain feuds, or feuding in general.

STARTING A FEup

Feuds can and do begin over any number of issues.
Seduction, livestock and property theft, murder, insult; any-
thing that the offended party feels merits retaliation can mark
the beginning of a feud. Depending on the nature of the
disagreement, the feud might begin immediately, or it might
hold off for some time and begin when calculated to bring the
most discomfort to the target. A feud usually takes a public
exchange of insults, followed by an equally public murder, to
teally light a fire. However, the root cause of the feud and the
temperaments of those involved also have a great deal to do
with the dispute's evolution.

It should be understood that, even outside of Iceland, feud
is a socially stabilizing force, rather than a socially destabilizing
one. While feuds, when they occur, are bloody and long-running
affairs, the threat of certain retaliation prevents great deal more
violence than it encourages. Even when long-running feuds do
erupt, they (like going Viking) provide an outlet for economic
and social pressure in the fragile agrarian communities of
Scandinavia without resorting to open, extended warfare.

Bioop FEUDING

Not every feud is a bloodbath. Even the most heated feud
between desperate enemies has periods where the combatants
engage in little more than stock theft and rumor mongering
while they search for allies, file lawsuits or seek the king's
justice, and attempt to renew exhausted resources. Some
feuds, especially Icelandic feuds, are little more than long-
running legal battles. These sorts of disagreements over
boundary stones and the disposition of a stolen heifer are the
primary function of the local thing, as well as the day to day
concern of petty kings, einherjar or otherwise.

Frankly, however, Vampire: The Dark Ages characters
aren't likely to be pressing suit with the next farmer down the
fjord over the ownership of a couple of ewes that seem to have
gone missing. Their feuds will be the stuff of saga, with
surprising betrayals, desperate alliances and bloody resolu-
tions. The material that follows is tailored accordingly.


Storytellers who want a more mundane Chronicle are prob-
ably willing to do research into period regional stock, property
and agriculture law, in any case.

VAMPIRES AND FEUD

Given the passion and tragedy of the immortal unliving,
it's no wonder that vampires become caught up in feuds both
long-running and terrifying in their intensity. Indeed, the
mortal pawns of vampires may find themselves in the midst of
generational feuds that serve the purposes of their shadowy
einherjar manipulators. For creatures with a great deal of time,
little fear of death at the hands of mortals and a taste for
melodrama, the feud is a superlative form of entertainment.

Though Norse einherjar do not have the courts and
protocols of nobility, their puppeteering struggles are no less
intense. Indeed, for a northern vampire to carry out a feud
against an opponent, entire families and lines of friends are
called into play; often, the puppetmaster must rely upon close
relatives and acquaintances, not the faceless pawns of the
Europeans' games. A carefully-chosen word of discord here, a
slight against someone's honor there, and suddenly a bloody
feud emerges, which the vampire hopes to use to eliminate an
adversary — or simply as a distraction from other plots. The
aged vampire jarls manipulate lines of succession and marriage

in order to ensure the proper blood-ties to bring in more allies
when a feud erupts, while outsiders are scrutinized for any
potential disruptions that they may cause. When the minions
fall and the feud is played out, circles of brothers and sons are
dead, houses are burned and village leaders are ousted. Such
turmoil, of course, makes it easier for the vampire to exert
personal control and to avoid scrutiny. Small wonder, then,
that many northern einherjar (especially the few women, who
must work through hidden manipulation) show a skill for
bloody-handed orchestration that would raise the eyebrows of
European Magisters with appreciation.

The vampiric jarls of the north are not all shadow-players,
though. Passions run hot among the Norsemen and hotter in
the breasts of the undying. While an einherjar may arrange a
feud in order to gain a particular objective (ousting a trouble-
some leader or destroying the pawns of a rival), a warlord is just
as likely to undertake a personal vendetta against another who
has slighted him. With the scope of vampiric power and the
assistance of allies bound by the Blood Oath, such recrimina-
tions are often swift and brutal. Still, a determined circle of
mortal warriors can stand against an einherjar's attentions with
the proper preparations and equipment. Such events can even
lead the vampire to take a personal hand in the feud, instead
of merely directing aides and lackeys. Indeed, when the situ-


ation threatens .to spiral out of control, the Norse lords of the
night tend to step in to direct matters personally, as befits their
warrior heritage. Weak is the leader who will not confront his
enemy directly, steel bared and a challenge on the lips. Should
a feud with an adversary — vampiric or otherwise — move
beyond the reach of a vampiric jarl, that einherjar may well don
his armor and gird himself for personal battle, striding directly
to the heart of the matter in his enemy's home.

BLOODPRICE

As in the Germanic and Celtic cultures, murder in
Scandinavia can be little more than a business transaction. Each
person's life hasacertain value, based on social classand generally
modified by circumstance, including the number of relatives and
hired men that both the heirs and the murderer could easily call
on if it came to feud. This bloodprice, called wergild, is usually set
by the local thing or ruler when the case is brought to their
attention. The heirs of the deceased can either take the amount,
or refuse payment and demand some other restitution, usually a
duel, feud or declaration of Outlawry. Likewise, the perpetrator
of the crime can refuse to pay the wergild, though the alternative
is almost certainly becoming an outlaw.

Dependingon the circumstances, demands for wergildcan
arise from strange quarters indeed. Wergild can be and often is
demanded for men slain on the battlefield or during Viking
raids, if their killer can be named and sufficient witnesses to
the act produced. One can even demand wergild from the hird
of a lord; such a request is valid and proper — although it is
likely to be lost in laughter. A petitioner who makes such a
demand had best be prepared to back up his words with force,
or to be thrown out of the hall on his ear.

While wergilds vary from individual to individual and
place to place, there are some benchmarks. A Norwegian
cottar, or smallholder, is worth two and a half gold marks, and
an Icelandic citizen is worth 48 legal ounces of silver (an
Icelandic unit of worth that has little to do with silver, but

ic immedi-
iptice takes
ma (unless
ed). Secret
as or even
ion of prop-
xpected by
but subse-

which totals to about 178 square yards of homespun cloth). A
high-ranking jarl might be worth ten or twenty marks, while a
petty king could be worth as much as several hundred gold
marks, though these would probably be paid at least partially
in livestock and property rather than cash.

HOLMGANGA AND EnNviGi

The holmgang, or the Norse duel, is one way in which
disputes can be resolved in the Scandinavian region. Similar
in many ways to an ordeal, holmgang is a strictly regulated form
of single combat. While the specifics vary from place to place,
it generally involves an exchange of blows inside a tightly
delineated area, making it somewhat like Irish Knockdown
with swords or axes. The wronged party has first swing, then
the accused, and so on until one of them is incapacitated or
dead. Sometimes the combatants wear armor, while in other
traditions they wear nothing, sometimes while smeared with
bear fat. In game terms, these are basically Melee attacks that
the target may not dodge. Because the blows are well-aimed,
successes add to damage.

Einvig, a related custom, is an unlimited form of single
combat. Any armor and weapons the opponents wish to use
may be brought into the combat, there is no tightly con-
strained dueling area, and there is no rigidly prescribed series
of blows. Dodging, blocking and parrying are permitted. The
combat is, of course, to the death.

Both holmganga and einvigi are illegal in Iceland, where they
exerta destabilizing influence on the social system in the absence
ofalocal ruler. They are also restricted to varying degrees among
the Scandinavian populace in general depending on the strength
of the local ruler. Both holmgang and einvig are used primarily to
settle disputes of honor between jarls and huskarls, whose loyalty
to their thegn prohibits long-running feuds. As Christianity
spreads to the region and the historical freedoms enjoyed by
individuals begin to erode under the centralizing policies of
feudalism, holmgang and feud alike pass out of practice. A feudal
lord's subjects are not his followers or protectorate, but his
chattels and property, and undue freedom to engage in fighting
is a waste of the lord's resources, as well as the Lord's resources
(let's not forget those valuable tithes).

OurTLAwRy

To be named outlaw is generally the ultimate legal pun-
ishment in Norse culture. While thralldom awaits the destitute
debtor, family ties and the possibility of manumission — the
ability to purchase one's freedom — make thralldom both
uncommon and surmountable. To be pronounced outlaw,
though, is to pass beyond the law. Any man may slay an outlaw
with impunity, and the outlaw deserves no wergild (though
that doesn't stop the dead outlaw's blood-brother, father-in-
law or hired man from stickinga spear through the killer's back
three months later). Such is the nature of feud.

The proclamation of outlaw is a sentence of exile at least as
muchas one of death. Like ostracism or shunning, it leaves a man


bereft of protection in a hostile world, surrounded by enemies.
Many outlaws run into the wilderness, and become bandits or
servants of the dark powers of forest and winter. Others flee across
the whale road, sailing to distant shores and seeking shelter at the
tables of famous lords. Many of those who flee to other lands trail
vengeful relatives and friends behind them.

A man pronounced outlaw can never again feel entirely
comfortable, because there is always the chance that his past
will catch up with him.

Fora vampire, Outlawry results in vargrstatus— the einherjar
must flee his home and find a means of sustenance elsewhere. This
is not a difficulty for an already-wandering vampire, but a well-
established jarl may find himself exceedingly discomfited should
the Althing decide that his actions merit Outlawry. In such a case,
the vampire has little choice: He must set out in search of anew
community upon which to feed, or risk conflict with the entirety
of his current home. While a vampire could conceivably destroy
all mortal opposition, such a feat would leave the einherjar in the
untenable position of having no herd upon which to feed —
which means that the only real solution is to set out in search of
newer and better fortunes elsewhere.

ADVANCED FEUDING

The normal course of a feud is one of accusation, murder
and betrayal. But some feuds, particularly those that become
part of legend and saga, feature acts so heinous as to have a sort
of dark grandeur to them. Because roleplaying is a dramatic
medium, these acts are covered in detail here. Any one of

these will either end a feud, or make it a matter of legend.

THE BLOOD-EAGLE

The ultimate personal insult, the blood-eagle (later called
the blood-angel) is a way of killing a man so as to convey a
message of profound disgust for his friends and heirs. After the
victim is rendered inert, several of his upper ribs are cut away
from the spine. The ribs are then spread apart by main
strength. The lungs are pulled out through the hole between
the ribs and the spine and laid across the victim's back like
bloody wings — hence the "blood-eagle." The blood-eagle is
awork of butchery and cold-blooded murder, and requires not
only strength of will, but also immense physical might and a
notinconsiderable length of time undisturbed with the corpse.

The blood-eagle is not a popular method of killing, but in
grand feuds it often figures prominently. Also, cutting the eagle
is the proper way for a son to avenge his father's death. For
example, story has it that in 865 the lords Ivar the Boneless,
Ubbi and Halfdan led a great host from Scandinavia and
Ireland to England to avenge the death of their father, Ragnar.
Ragnar had been thrown into a pit of vipers by King Ella of
Northumbria, and after decisively defeating the Northumbrian
army, Ragnar's sons cut the blood-eagle on Ella's back.

Ofcourse, since Cainites are both passionate and vindictive
creatures, Scandinavian einherjar even moreso, the blood-eagle


fallen fathers and Sires) will have to make Road che

A vampire who actually suffers the blood-eagle tak
five Blood Points (or the entirety of her Blood Pool, ifs
injured vampire, but more humiliating still is the possibili
Since the vampire is in considerable distress until the
getting enough blood to heal is therefore problemat
if she hopes to survive the blood-eagle.

should be increased if the act takes place in the dark of im silence? H
against the appropriate Virtue to avoid Frenzy. Vampites on most Ros
isking d@Zeneration for such a heinous and bestial act.

of suffering such an attack and having to regenerate the damage.
damage is healed, she is unable to hunt for herself or even move;
at best. An einherjar had best have several loyal friends or retainers

of slippery blood and sharp knives. The difficulty
ry vampires cutting the 'eagle should make checks
js except the Via Diabolis or Via Einherjar (avenging

ofaggravated damage that may notbe soaked, and loses
five Blood Points). This may well destroy an already

is the least of the indignities inflicted upon their enemies. While
the insult of the blood-eagle certainly serves to start a feud, a
vampire may well exercise a reign of terror by cutting the blood-
eagle on anyone to dispute his mastery. More telling still, an
einherjar might actually survive having the blood-eagle cut upon
his back; healing such wounds takes a great deal of time and
blood, and any vampiric opponent may find the sun rising while
she is still helpless from the injuries inflicted...

HALL BurNinG

No tradition is as hallowed in the saga and legend of feud
as the burning of halls. From outside the hall, a single hero bent
‘on revenge can fight many men by facing opponents one or
twoatatimeas they come stumbling out the doorway. Trapped
on the inside of a hall, a band of heroes can be forced to fight
at a disadvantage, rather than fighting their way clear of a fray
and making a break. Of course, einherjar in a burning hall face
some unique challenges.

ED
&

ta


riod begins as soon as the torches are placed under the eaves. Anyone sleeping in the hall must
Alertness test (Difficulty 8) to awaken. If the character was drinking, her difficulty is increased by

inside the
and those must accumulate three successes to awaken fully enough to act (deep sleepers must accumulate
wer can be spent on the rolls until the first success is rolled. After characters awaken, they may
1 period. Storytellers should stress the smoke and confusion and limit the actions that can be taken

Il once per turn, as normal, for wakefulness.
se characters wish to fight the fires m must make Stamina + Athletics rolls to do so. the difficulty

f characters equal to the number af periods the fire has been uring may
brand. If ale, water,,of other Tiquids eee Sleeeats etc. Jal are

ina burning hall are going to be maki
is going to raise the difficulty: of th

the fires. People both inside and outsic
and swords through the thatch while:
is 8.

After ten periods of continuous b

base difficulty for such checks is 4, ra ) epe er the first. Active characters must try to soak
three levels of damage if they wish t inhale ters conserving their breath must try to soak
one level of damage. Characters who: i ires, battering holes in the walls, meleeing in
the doorway) must attempt to soak

tables and cheatsot or axes and swords are being used. The difficulty varies from 8 to 6, depending on the suitability
of the tool to the job. Five successes or more must be accumulated to bask hole, and a botch probably mi
flaming timber weighing several hundred pounds has been dislodged:from the ceiling and smashed someon
(oops). If battering is used, the hole smashed is large enough for several neon to exit through at once. Ifan ax
or sword is used, only a single person can exit at a time.

Battering and chopping through the walls is largely futile in halls mie of logs rather than timber. Gating
through the thatch requires Strength + Athletics or Melee rolls, whichever is higher,/on a difficulty of between 6
and 8, depending on suitability. Three successes must be accumulated to open the hole. In the casés of both battering
and roof-cutting, if the successes are not all accumulated in a single period, those outside the hall can react, and
wait for the victims to exit. Storytellers should feel free to limit or prohibit such escape Pg afteracettai n ipaint,
as the structure is too far gone for the side walls to be approached. = :

If those inside attempt to fight their way out, up to three individuals (or two Crinos-form Garou) can block
the door from the outside, and only one person can generally attempt to exit ata time. Those outside the hall have
automatic initiative on those attempting to fight their way out for the first round of attacks, and the character
attempting to fight his way out cannot dodge their attacks. At least one of those waiting at the door must be
incapacitated or knocked out of the way, at which point anyone waiting behind them can join in the fight outside
without running the gauntlet. The fightshould be resolved via the regular Storyteller combat system from thatpoint
on, unless those from the hall retreat back inside and the door becomes blocked again.


The list of heroes who die in or face a burning hall is
nearly endless. Njal, the hero of Njalssaga, burns to death in his
hall, and his son Skarp-Hedin dies defending the doorstep.
Likewise, in the Nibelungenlied, the doomed last stand of
Guther, Hagen and Fokker the Gleeman is made more miser-
able by fire, though by virtue of being heroes in a Medieval
romance rather thana true saga, they withstand the flamesand
still kill several hundred men afterward.

The standard method for burning halls is to wait until late
the late hours of the night, just before dawn, when everyone
inside is sure to be asleep. After a feast is best, when the hall's
inhabitants are numb from the drinking and difficult to awaken,
and the sentries, if any, are also likely to be drunk. After any
sentries are murdered, burning brandsare thrust or thrown under
the eaves, where they ignite the dry underside of the hall's thatch
roof. Those kindling the hall then stand outside the entrance or
entrances with swords or axes, waiting for inhabitants blinded
and weakened by the smoke and fire to emerge one at a time.

Unless the inhabitants awaken immediately and fight the
fire, the hall is doomed. Since a hall-burning is often the work of
anumber of individuals working together to put several brands
under the eaves at once, even immediate response may not be
enough. If the fire cannot be extinguished, the butchery begins.

There is usually some time before the hall is consumed, as
the wooden support beams burn slowly, and even though the
inside thatch burns well, the outside is perpetually damp. If the
inhabitants of the hall awaken early enough, they may even have
time to don armor before fighting their way out of the hall.

Whatever the case, the inhabitants must either fight
their way past the door, or attempt to make another exit. This
may involve cutting through the thatch with a knife, sword or
ax, or it may involve taking a table and smashing a new exit
through one of the walls. Whatever the case, the attempt must
be made quickly, before the victims become too weak from the
smoke to have a chance at success.

Kindling halls at high noon is one of the methods Scandi-
navian lupines regularly use to deal with einherjar foes. Einherjar
who want to live ina hall like a lord should take pains to make
themselves immune to such attacks, be it through mastery of
Protean or though some other, more clever solution. Hrothgar
the Fairtroll, son of Ask Oddfoot, of the blood of Tzimisce, built
his hall butted against a cliff, down which flowed a clear
mountain stream. Not only did the cave behind the waterfall
provide a safe, damp place to sleep, it also provided crystal-clear
water to brew his thegn's ale and wash the flags clean after their
cannibal feasts. Most famously, itserved to fight the fires that the
warband of the lupine Grim Ulfsson started in his hall until

Grim's men lost their patience and entered the hall, only to be
confronted not just by Hrothgar and his szlachta huskarls, but by
the bodies of their Kinfolk as well.

Lone-TERM PLOTTING AND BLaAck Macic

While murder, hall-burning and the blood-eagle are the
stuff of feud legend, they are all short-term—suited for the Norse

WOLVES OF THE SEA

SPAE-CRAFT

Spae-work or Spae-craft is the term usually used
to describe black or hostile magic in Norse saga.
While it almost always has dark connotations, this
isn't always the case. Spae-woman isa generic term for
ahedge witch, and many spae-wives appear as positive
characters in Saga. On the other hand, witches were

Conveyance,
Ephemera, Fas:
Shapeshifting, Sumi
(Material), Summo:
(Daimonic), and Weathe
ing, Divination, F
Shapeshifting are by fat
ticed. Summoned troll:
by the Storyteller from}
with the Rego Manes Int
pg. 107 of the Dark A;
Sorcerers who wi
do so, consorting wi d evil spirits to gain
magical knowledge and spititual power. This can be
done precisely as detailed on pg. 83 of World of Dark-
ness: Sorcerer. The wicked creatures of the north teach
magic in exchange for sexual favors, spiritual degrada-
tion or the sorcerer's soul. Both lesser and full pacts are
available. While the Scandinavian sorcerer generally
has more freedom to use his power than his Dark
Medieval counterpart on the Continent, his master is
probably significantly more brutal and less concerned
with the health and welfare of her servants.

t paths. Of these, Curs-
ion, Healing and
most commonly prac-
the like can be made up
whole cloth or created
‘Thaumaturgy path on

warrior with a hot temper and a strong arm. But not every
participant ina feud is young and strong and willing toact in such
a conspicuous fashion. Women and old or weak men, unable to
carry out their feuds on their own, rival the elder einherjar with
their ability to find proxies to carry out their bloody tasks for
them. While most of these long term plots are fairly simple (as
much as any political machination that takes a decade or more
to come to fruition can be called simple) and no better than the
work of a mere Ancilla, others are diabolical in character, both
in their cleverness and their poetry. Many are the downfalls
engineered by a woman patient enough to have children to
avenge a fallen husband, often sired by the husband's slayer to
make the irony more delicious.

Not all dark plots are limited to political affairs. The
Norse are no strangers to the powers of darkness, and witches


and dark sorcerers are much feared in the snowy lands of
Scandinavia. Call them Trolls, Dark Alfar, Demons, Spectres
or Banes as you will, those who consort with the forces of evil
are feared by all right-thinking men for the ruin they bring to
the land and the aid they give to bring the day of Fimbulwinter
closer with their unnatural acts.

The dark magic of witches and sorcerers can take many
forms. It can take the subtle form of curses, bringing crop
failure, disease among livestock, wasting illnesses and plague.
Other times, it was blatant, as in the saga of King Hrolf.
Powerful black magicians, as opposed to those who are only
wicked or greedy and clever enough to learn some of the black
craft, have formidable magics at their disposal, and many are
the heroes laid low through the machinations of wicked spae-
work. A true sorcerer could change his skin, conjure up trolls
or call them out of the forests and mountains, call forth the
unhallowed dead, converse with evil spirits, ensnare the
minds of men or work a variety of other unpleasantness.

RUNES

To the Vikings, writing — indeed, the very act of setting
down wisdom that may be used later — is mystical. By
understanding symbols, one gleans insight into the past and
the future. With the power of writing, the properly trained
may read and learn what the ignorant cannot. What could be
more magical?

The runes, the symbols of writing, are more than just
letters to the Vikings. Runes are portents, signs and holders of
mystic power. A rune can be asound, but the very nature of the
tune as a symbol means that it can be much more as well. By
marking runes, the Norseman draws a connection between
the rune and the marked object; this means that the rune
associates its power with the subject. Thus, naming a drinking
horn oraspear gives it a legendary character, but carvingrunes.
upon such a device invests it with true power.

Ofcourse, the Norse live ina society of sacrifices and painful
existence. The runes are no exception to this formula: Discovery
of the runes and their power is a taxing ordeal, not a simple
learning process. Odin himself did not learn of the runes until,
according to legend, he pinned himself to a tree for nine days
with his own spear, finally gleaning insight through the pain of
sacrificing himself to himself. To men, the runes come in visions,
whispers of godly wisdom or through harsh learning. Any man
can scratch a few runes on a table with a knife, leaving a name
orascrawl; the true strength of the runes, the inward impressions
that draw rune and power together are the province of the
learned few who risk life and sanity for them.

Among vampires, the runes are also symbols of great power.
However, the associations that the runes hold are the gift of
knowledge from Odin to men. Even the rune-wise find that the
characters have little power for the unliving. To unlock the
power of runes, the einherjar must use the power given them by
Odin: the power of their blood. By makinga sacrifice of blood to
Odin, the einherjar who know the secrets of the runes can unlock


their powers once more, if only for a brief time. (See pg. 76 for
more details on rune magic as used by vampires.)

Whether shaped by man or monster, the runes are tools
to empower and to guard. Shaping a rune is not a matter of a
few moments; it isa ritual of craftsmanship, which requires the
entire attention and soul of the crafter. Through this careful
detail the rune acquires its power. Placed ona shield, the rune
protects against blows; placed on the flesh, a rune speeds
healing; placed on an ale-horn, the rune wards against poison;

placed on a bone, the rune calls the dead to speak. Each rune
has specific powers, and combined the runes call upon even
greater magic. The shaper must be ever wary, though, lest the
power of the rune go astray.

Runes are found as decoration on all manner of objects:
spear-hafts, drinking horns and cairn-stones benefit from the
runes. The crafty, rune-wise or second-sighted, though, can
recognize runes of true power, distinguishing them from mere
word-runes.

Fehu Thurisa

eth Gateway

Possessions

PN t

Nauthiz
Constraint

Wunjo Hagalz
Joy Disruption

Yu

Algiz Sowelu
Protection Wholeness

Teiwaz
Warrior

Ingux
Fertility

POPRRAX

Sonik

Standstill

TR RH

Separation

Gebo
Partnership

Kano

Neney Opening

Jera i Perth

Harvest Initiation.

Mannaz
The Self

Ehwaz
Movement

Othila Dagaz

Breakthrough

WOLVES OF THE SEA.


Sex, MARRIAGE
AND DrvorRcE

MarriaAGE AND Divorce

Marriage in the Viking world is theoretically a matter
arranged between the prospective husband and the woman's
guardian, usually her father or her most successful brother (if
her father is dead or unsuccessful). The betrothal is very much
a business agreement, in which the father or brother is ex-
pected to look out for the woman's interests, both financially
and socially. Since being turned down could be construed as
an insult to the suitor's honor (and thus grounds for a feud), a
separate party quite often represents the suitor in the negotia-
tions. This representative is usually a male relative or close
friend of high standing, who goes before the woman's protec-
tors to make the suitor's case. In this way, the deal can be
brokered without emotions becoming involved. This avoids
the possibility of a jilted suitor turning to violence to make up
for slights against his person.

Note the heavy stress placed on the theoretical nature of
Scandinavian arranged marriage. Depending on social stat-
ure, the number of suitors, the woman's strength of will and
the familial politics and economic situation du jour, women
can and do turn away suitors. They do so for reasons not
unfamiliar to women in our own age; suitors with the wrong
combination of stupidity, ugliness, poverty and boorishness
may have a hard time finding matches, though there is
certainly no shortage of social climbing through marriage in
Scandinavia. Also, Norse society places very little social
penalty on bastardy. A woman ina comfortable social position
might simply choose not to marry, bear children to one or
more lovers, and raise them with the help of her brothers. It
should be noted that having a lot of brothers or hired men is
abig plus for this lifestyle, since relationships ending on a sour
note can escalate to burned halls and blood-eagles in very
little time.

Norse women also generally have a great deal of personal
power. In conjunction with her brothers, lovers, or hired men,
awoman can exert as much social and political power as aman
of equivalent stature, though a convenient marriage to a
figurehead can often help to soothe male egos. As is typical for
women in societies with strongly bifurcated sex roles, Scandi-
navian women control the purse strings and internal affairs of
their households. For a cotter's wife, this might mean keeping
the cot in livable condition while their husband farms, fishes
or hunts. This is no small task — even without the duties of
childcare, maintaining a medieval household is a job of
Herculean proportions. If the husband is of higher standing,
the wife is expected (and trained) to see to the hall and
manage affairs, including the hired men and thralls.

Women can own property. While it is highly unusual,
there is nothing stopping a widow or unmarried woman from
attending the thing if she can gather together enough men to

give her voice weight. Additionally, women.who have won
prowess through war or guile are accorded some respect, and
though they are technically barred from speaking for them-
selves at things, it isa simple matter to arrange fora man to assist
in elucidating goals and strategies.

Divorce from inadequate husbands is far from unknown.
Inadequacies from impotence and mistreatment to plain old
poverty are causes for divorce. Depending on the specifics of
the divorce (the status of the dowry and bride price, the age of
the marriage, and what particular fireworks set off the separa-
tion), the divorce can be an affair of no small weight. The
woman leaves her husband and goes to the house of a relative,
and either sets up shop or starts looking for new suitors. Of
course, under the wrong circumstances, a divorce can result in
an epic feud with relatives and friends on all sides being drawn
into the welter of bloodshed over a particularly tasty dowry or
bride price.

SEX

"As often as possible" best describes the Norse attitude
towards sex. Seductions, by both men and women, account for
a significant percentage of saga feuds. Likewise, much of the
advice Odin gives in the Hevameel relates directly to sex,
seduction and adultery. The Norse are as outspoken on sex as
on any other matter. The only real sexual taboo (other than
the obvious ones like bestiality and incest) was against a male
acting in the male social role to "play the woman." This is
hardly unexpected in a society as relentlessly masculine as
Norse culture in the Viking age, and forms the basis for a lot
of insult. Male sorcerers were also thought, in many cases, to
learn their arts from a troll in exchange for assuming a passive
homosexual role. Loki assumes a female role to give birth to
Sleipnir, and Odin is said to dress like a woman to learn
witchcraft.

Other than a taboo against passive homosexuality for
aggressive males, anything goes. Norse men keep female thralls
for sexual purposes, and Icelandic men openly kept concu-
bines until well after Christianization. The practice is
well-accepted, and children by concubines are acknowledged
and have as good a chance at inheritance as any. Women's
exploits are somewhat less well-recorded, but given the num-
ber of men in saga who seduce the woman ofa hall, or who turn
down seduction attempts, we can assume that females engage
ina similarly frenetic regimen of sexual activity. Of course, a
single miscalculation can result in a feud, but the good things
in life are never without risk.

RELIGION

The Norse are as intensely practical about their religion
as they are about everything else that they do. While there is
a great deal of opposition to Christianization from the more
devout Scandinavians, the overall concept of religion and its
place in the Norse world is different enough to merit some
discussion.

SE


In Norse belief, the world was built from the bones of
Ymir, a giant who was created by the interactions of Niflheim,
the place of freezing cold, and Muspelheim, the place of
burning fires. From the warmth and matter of Ymir's body were
born the trolls and jotuns. From the licking of Ymir's cow were
born Odin, Hoenir and Lodur. They slew Ymir, and from him
they made the world: the soil from his flesh, the mountains
from his bones. Over all their creation, they placed his skull to
shield it from the heat of Muspelheim. They made the sun and
the moon and from Ymir's hair came the forests and glens.

Despite this somewhat picaresque beginning, Norse reli-
gion isnotofaconsoling character, norare its gods omnipotent,
immortal or even ageless. The Aésir are the advocates and
guardians of the Middle-gard against a hostile cosmos of trolls
and jotuns, but they are also almost entirely human, full of lust
and angers and petty greed. Some of them, like Odin, are
almost as dangerous as the beings they protect man against.
Some of them, like Loki, are worse.

While the Aésir are a numerous and above all prolific lot,
notall of them receive a great deal of worship — many of them
are simply figures in stories about the gods. These lesser gods
are objects of occasional worship, if any. The gods who are
most often worshipped (or paid homage to) are Odin, Ponar,
and Freyr.

‘WOLVES OF THE SEA

Odin, the sky god we call Odin, has many kennings. He
was called All-wise, All-high, Rune-winner, One-eyed God-
of-Men. Yet he was also Spear-thruster, Worker of evil,
Glad-of-war, Crow-glutter, Necromancer, Lord of the Slain.
Odin is the only one of the sir who covets human sacrifice.
Perhaps as dark a figure as an advocate of man can be, Odin is
best described as a devil whose wickedness works in the favor
of humanity. A distant force, yet often present at the downfall
of great men, Odin is a god of kings and of last resort, as well
as patron of necromancers and witches.

Odin's sacrifices are hung by their necks from trees, or
inside special shrines. There they are left for the crows, Odin's
sacred animal, to pick. Thralls are usually sacrificed, though a
man found guilty of secret murder or a king who has brought
ruin to his people might be used instead. However, many
Scandinavians disapprove of giving blood-homage to Odin,
and such a refusal in part brought about the downfall of King
Hrolf of Denmark.

Scandinavian einherjar pay especial homage to Odin. As
the lord of the dead and the holder of blood-rites, he is seen as
the source of vampirism. Indeed, many Norse vampires eschew
the legends of Caine, instead referring to themselves as the
"brood of Odin." Odin's blood rituals make for fine feasting
among the vampires who attend, and many Viking vampires


even make their presence known and demand homage by

styling themselves the blessed servants of Odin.

PONAR

Ponar, whom we call Thor, is a sky god like Odin. The
thunder-god is Odin's regular companion in his travels through
the Middle-gard, and the Asir's mightiest warrior. One of the
most popular gods, Ponar is the true protector of man against
poor harvest, sickness, evil spirits and (in the abstract) trolls
and jotuns. Most especially popular in Iceland, Ponar's symbol
is the T-shaped Ponar's Hammer. Also, the two-finger-and-
thumb ward against the Evil Eye is known in the north as
Ponar's Hammer.

Ponar is quick-tempered, with thick red hair and a great
shaggy red beard. He is forever on the go, traveling the skies
ina cart pulled by two goats. Yet all that the A'sir need do is
call out to him, and he is there like lightning, ready to fight the
enemies of the gods. The sound of the thunder and the flash
of lightning are his hammer, Mjélnir, striking against the
enemies of man.

FREYR

Freyr is one of the Vanir, a far more gentle race of gods
than the grim and warlike A'sir who supplanted them. Freyr
and his sister Freyja are the most-worshipped Vanir among the
Norse gods. Like Ponar, Freyr is a god of fertility. Unlike
Ponar, Freyr is far from warlike. Freyr is not the lightning and

the thunder of spring storms, smashing away the ice of winter,
but the gentle sun bringing forth new growth and thawing the
earth with warm caresses.

Freyr gave his golden sword in the wooing of Gerd, and
has only his golden boar and antlers left to him. Weaponless,
he is doomed to be slain out of hand by Surt, lord of the fire
demons, on the day of Ragnarok. Like all fertility gods of his
type, Freyr is enormously endowed. Farmers do homage to
Freyr, and he is the god that those from continental Europe
who practice the Old Religion will be able to identify most
closely with.

FATE AND THE Gops

The Norse view of the universe isa strange and confusing
skein, full of contradictions and half-remembered lore, over-
lapping beliefs and later influences that attempt to make the
religion competitive with Christianity. But the one thread
that runs almost without interruption through the corpus of
Scandinavian mythology is the grim, stoic Norse outlook on
life and the preeminence of fate, or weird, in the affairs of men.
Life is a toil and a travail, an existence most often marked by
misery, in which the good times are brief, bright flashes in the
gloom. The Hevameel warns, "Fields and flocks had Fitiung's
sons, who now carry begging bowls: wealth may vanish in the
wink of an eye, gold is the falsest of friends." No fortune can
protect a man against foul fate. This may seem like a dark


True FAITH AND THE Norse

To the common Norseman, the gods are objects of
fearand veneration. They are distant, conducting their
own business outside of man's ken on Middle-Gard,
visiting only when momentous events or boredom
draw their attention to the mortal world. The A'sir and
Vanir have little to do with everyday life; they are great
and bloody warriors to be propitiated and emulated in.
battle. The pragmatic Scandinavian tries to avoid the
attention, gods, and instead
favor throug! deeds, but ofly when necessary.

F sent from the

sorts of gods to

whom one typic day workings of
the universe

whims and r:
of warriors woul
Still, for those who are toucl
spirituality, the world is full of mag' ith the second
sight, a Norseman can see and speak with spirits and
read the fate-lines of the Norns. Even the gods them-
selves must acknowledge the i dane by aman
with the second sight. The hands of gods and spirits are
evident everywhere to someone touched with insight
into the workings of Middle-Gard. However, the fore-
knowledge of the second sight is as much a curse as a
blessing; such a man sees his own doom, the death that
is foretold by Fate and which cannot be averted.
When building a character with True Faith, re-
memberalso that the Norse are pantheistic. The Faithful
among them revere and fear all of the deities, not just
individual ones. A Viking may pay homage to a par-
ticular patron above the others, but all of the gods are
considered real to the devout.

i
nly the most devout and foolhardy
levote his life to the will of the gods.

‘by the ways of

outlook, but take into consideration what life is like in
medieval Scandinavia. Even the richest lord can find himself
a bondsman from poor harvest, a hall-fire, bad luck in battle
or misfortune while sailing abroad. While the stark Norse
outlook on the world is far from cheerful, it is also.a completely
natural reaction to the conditions under which the Norse live.

Nor are the gods immune to the power of fate. The
Véluspee and the Deluding of Gylfi both go into great detail
about the breaking of the world and the demise of the Asir.
Those things that are prophesied are not predicted, but
foreordained. Because of this, oracular ability is often consid-
ered both a blessing and a curse. While a prescient might be

WOLVES OF THE SEA

wise in the ways of the future, it is not an ability that can be
used atsome times and notat others. Grim is the life of the seer,
for she can see the eventual demise that lies behind the face of
all things vital. Still, the seer is respected, for her wisdom and
insight part the veil of obscurity to reveal the threads of the
Norns. Even vampires among the Norse heed the words of
seers. When fate decrees that a man's life end but that his body
continue, the black weave in the Norns' loom continues
unabated; the warp and woof of time still pulls the afterganger
in startling ways revealed only to the gifted few.

The acceptance of a predestined doom at the end of
history is a theme that will later become preeminent in the
einherjar mythology of Gehenna. What causes this? Are the
words of the All-high from his haven at Uppsala temple
prophesying the doom of the Children of Caine misunder-
stood and taken as the words of Odin predicting the doom of
the gods? Or is it nothing more than a coincidence of mythol-
ogy, yet another foreordained doomsday when the world will
be unmade? Only time will tell.

Given their fatalistic outlook, it's not surprising that
Scandinavians find the transition to vampirism unfazing. The
men and women of Europe, terrified of damnation and fervent
believers in Christianity's demons and hell, find themselves
thrust into a nightmare existence of devil-service and blood
frenzy upon the Embrace. Not so the Norse. Scandinavian
einherjar heartily accept their condition, seeing the gift of
unlife as a boon from Odin. The powerful warrior drinks the
blood of his foes and thereby takes their strength; eternal
youth, the vigor and power to fight in Ragnardk, are boons for
a life of valor and distinction. The Beast is little more than the
frenzied rage of the berserk, or so many Norse einherjar believe.
Should fate bring a man the singular honor of joining Odin's
brood, the man had best accept his glory — to turn from the
paths of fate is a deadly course, even to the already deceased.

THE AFTERLIFE

If the followers of the Norse religion see life as a grim
place, then they certainly don't seek surcease in the afterlife.
In many ways, the Norse belief in the afterlife is cursory at best.
While mention of the dead faring to Hel's Hall or Valhal are
common, in many cases they seem to be nothing more than
kennings for "a natural death" or "death in battle." How much
the speaker actually believes in the reality of the afterlife is
open to question. Certainly, those who lay their kin to rest
with all the tools they would need to carry on in the afterlife
are acting out of more than an attempt to find closure. Women
are laid down with their clothing and spindles and distaffs, the
farmers with their hoes, merchants with their scales and wares.
Reserved for warchiefs are the most glorious burials of all.
Entire ships are laid down, and the chief's mail and sword and
shield, his hounds, his hawks, and sometimes a thrall he
fancied are buried with him.

For those who study tales of existence after death, the
Viking myths paint a bleak picture. The Norse afterlife is in


many ways similar to that of the early Greeks and Romans.
The lucky few die in battle and the All-high or his servants,
the Walkuries, notice their bravery. For them waits Valhal,
the hall in A'sirgard where Odin's chosen warriors feast and
await the Last Day. For the rest waits only Hel's hall Sickbed,
and the misery of Niflheim. Hel's hall is a cold, dark place,
without comfort or surcease. It is a place of the dead, with no
attempts at reward or punishment. For the truly wicked or
unlucky, adescent into labyrinth at the roots of the World-ash
awaits, to be devoured in the darkness where the wyrm
Nidhoggr gnaws endlessly. The Norse dead, like the dead of
ancient Greece and Rome, find the Shadowlands of Stygia to
be just as they expected.

Meruops OF WorsuiP

The Norse gods are worshipped at festivals, rather than at
regular services, and kings and chieftains make up the bulk of
their priesthood. The jarl or king is not only the political
leader of his people, but their spiritual leader as well. On his
shoulders rests the burden of the ceremonial activities needed
to propitiate the unseen. There is no overarching structure or
hierarchy to Norse practice. While there are shrines and
temples, some even large enough to support full-time priests,
most holy places are maintained at the expense of this or that
jarl or warchief. The Norse gods expect that their followers will
be neither devout nor pious, and while offerings are made in.
the spirit of thanks or for propitiation, there is no tradition of
atithe for the sake of piety. While many men come forward to
defend their faith and their way of life against the weak, dead
Christ of the south, the usual course of Norse life is not thick
with what one would call spirituality.

Offerings given to the Norse godsare inevitably practical.
The oldest animals are sacrificed, and if no old animals are
available, an agreement is struck with the gods to postpone the
sacrifice until an animal is no longer useful. The meat of the
sacrifice is (of course) eaten. Thralls sacrificed to Odin are also
oldor otherwise less than useful. Objects offered up in sacrifice
and grave goods are quite real, however, though the ships used
for burial rather than burning are often smallish replicas of real
drakkar. Objects sacrificed to the gods are buried or cast into
water, sometimes after being bent, broken or otherwise ren-
dered without value.

Vampires make good use of the offerings and sacrifices to
the Norse gods. The impious sometimes even imitate the gods
themselves, demanding homage and treasure, but more com-
monly a local einherjar will partake of the sacrifice in a fashion
similar to the worshippers. Thus, if the Norsemen sacrifice a
goat and eat of the meat, the vampire may well drain the blood
of the beast for his own consumption. Less scrupulous and
pious einherjar steal away the treasures that are buried or
thrown into the sea. The virtuous Norse vampires, though, do
not interfere with the will of the gods, and instead make
sacrifices of their own. Blood, silverand thralls are all accepted
as usual sacrifices. Among the truly devout (some would say

insane) einherjar, it is even customary to Embrace young men
and women of bravery, and then behead them so that they may
go directly to Valhal to battle with warriors of ages past.

Vampiric LEGENDRY

Hear the words of Hasteinn Liver-Biter as he relates the
Blood Saga:

"Listen well, my brood, for these are the words handed down
to each of the einherjar. From Canarl to his huskarls and so to all
of the einherjar comes this tale.

In the beginning, in the darkness of the Void, Odin and the
A®sir were birthed from the giants and the old gods. Slaying Ymir
and taking Asirgard as their home, the Aisi ruled over Valhal, the
hall of the valiant, in the land beyond the mortal realm. Many and
varied were the creatures that lived beyond Middle-gard: The
alfar, the dverges, the trolls and jotuns; from time to time these
beings would deal or clash with the gods, and on strange days they
would come to Middle-gard itself, to become involved in the works
of men.

Odin One-Eye, lord of the slain and necromancer, came to
Middle-gard with his Walkuries to find warriors of valor. Among
the dead they would pick and choose, taking up the most skilled and
courageous to stay at Valhal, there to feast and fight until Ragnarék
came to claim the gods and shake the world. With spear and runes
Odin walked through fields of the dying, seeking the warriors who
would stay the jotuns and forge the destiny of the new world after
Middle-gard's end.

On the fields of one terrible battle Odin found a warrior of great
strength and tenacity. Cast out by his family for his rage, this berserk
drew about hima loyal band of huskarls who shared his fortunes and
fought with him in all things. But wounded by war, laid low by evil
spaework and telling blows, they were scattered dead across the
plains of battle, where blood stained the earth like red iron. Only the
lone berserk still lived, his outlaw body refusing to heed the call of
Heimdall's horn.

For vitality and skill, Odin marked the dying warrior; coming
low upon the man, like some robber seeking goods from the
battlefield, he whispered to the dying man's spirit, asking his name
so that he might address the warrior in Valhal.

‘Canarl, I am named,' gasped the outlaw, ‘called the Bas-
tard, for my family disowned me. I have fought on many fields of
battle since, but by the rune-mark on my forehead I may never die.'

Odin looked upon the man's head and saw there the mark and
knew his words for true. Then, with seeing from his one eye did
Odin read the threads of fate, and cast the lot of Canarl.

‘As your valor stands against death, so shall you stand against
the ravages of time. Your skill is mighty, but by my hand it shall be
mightier. Your blood spilled on this field makes the ground red; I
shall turn my blood to you, and through it you will know my
strength. Be strong the thews of your legs! Be mighty the grip about
your spear! By the rune-mark you shall never be touched by age:
by the arts of war shall you rule.'

As Odin spoke he brought his spear down to face Canarl, and
from the tip of Gungnir did run the bright red blood of the god.

CHAPTER ONE: VIKING CULTURE


Three drops fell upon the lips of Canarl, and he was struck with the
battle-seizure; his body twisted and his lungs choked, and he died
yet lived.

With the mighty pronouncements of fate and the power of his
blood, Odin gave Canarl eternity, but fate demanded satiation.
Odin's eye stared again into the ways of the future and he intoned
the demands of the Norns. ‘With this bond in secret made you must
ever hide from discovery, and so you shall shun the light of sun and
fire. No meat contains the potence to sustain you, no mead can
intoxicate you; only the blood of men will bring warmth to your
breast. From the lifeblood of the strong is your puissance multi-
plied. Blood you have spilled, and more blood still shall you spill;
and only by coming closer to my blood will you and your house
know greatness.'

At length, Odin spoke a final time, this time slowly and with
deliberation, saying, ‘But if you scorn the ways of war, if you take
up the mantle of the Vanir, then you shall stand beside them in the
final nights; put aside spear and ax and you will know no peace
from your brethren but you will find the peace of Vanaheim. In the
words of the Vanir you will survive with the gentle while the
warriors know glory and death at Ragnarok.'

Odin drew back from Canarl, and he drew up his spear and
called for his ravens. Canarl rose from the ground, and to his left he
placed his wounds upon the mouth of Ivar, his thegn, who then rose;
and to his right he placed his wounds upon the mouth of Odindisa,
his wife, who then rose; and before him he placed his wounds upon
the mouth of Eyjolf, his skald, who then rose. And they gathered to
them the sacraments of the dead, and built there a city raised to
Odin."

So say the einherjar of the Norse...

The Norse have an ancient creation legend handed down
through oral tradition. Wildly different from the Biblical
accounts of the rest of Europe, the Norse tales feature many
gods and goddesses, as well as antithetical giants and monsters.
The world and the outer realms — Middle-gard and Aisirgard
— form separately but host many similar features; the men of
Middle-gard and the gods of Asirgard both live in frost-
covered fields in wooden lodges.

From the perspective of the Norse vampire, though, the
most telling differences in myth and legend are in the creation
myth. Since the Scandinavians of the Pagan times (before
about 900 AD) do not follow the worship of Christianity, they
have no story of Caine, Eden or Lilith. Instead, the heritage of
vampirism comes down from Odin and the gods of the Norse.
Seen as a blood-rite and blessing from the gods, vampirism is
a warrior's reward for valor and duty. Without the guilt and
scorn from the Christian legends, the vampires of Scandinavia
claim a proud and honorable heritage as the blood-brood of
Odin. If fate and the gods decree a man destined to unending
glory and eternal youth, who can naysay the Norns?

Naturally, the great dichotomy between Norse and Euro-
pean vampire legend leads to conflicts of ideology. At the very
least, Cainites find the einherjar's acceptance of vampirism
strange; at worst, charges of heresy lead to war. In particular,

WOLVES OF THE SEA


the religiously-minded Lasombra find the pagan religion of
the einherjar distasteful, but even the vast majority of Euro-
pean Cainites are shocked by the blatant disregard for Noddic
lore among the Vikings. For their part, the einherjar find the
legends of Caine unmanly: The chosen of Odin are descended
from a cursed kinslayer? There are traditions that bind the
blooded? The Vikings have no desire to enmesh themselves in
the guilt-ridden hierarchical structure of Europe's Cainites,
and live by their own rules.

VIKING
EQUIPMENT

With limited resources and an income driven by sporadic
raid and trade, the Vikings have some decidedly different
equipment from the rest of continental Europe. The scarcity
of good steel made quality weapons and armor premium goods.
Additionally, the ships of the Norse are quite different from
the watercraft used elsewhere. The image of the tall dragonship
and the Viking warrior with battle-ax and shield is firmly
engraved in the mind of the European commoner.

Viktnc WEAPONS

Among Norse raiders, the sword and ax are the most
favored weapons. Unlike the wars of Europe, there is little in
the way of mounted combat, so the pole arms common among
the peasantry are not often used. Massed foot combat is the
tule, and the choice of weapons among the Norse reflects this.

Swords and Daggers

As with the people of the mainland, no Scandinavian
would be seen without a dagger at the belt. The typical dagger
is eight to twelve inches long, double-edged, and sees much
use as a utilitarian tool as well as a close combat weapon.

Swords among the Norse are simple, practical affairs. A
double-edged blade, about three feet in length, surmounts a
simple bar crosspiece and a one-handed hilt. Norse swords are
rarely engraved with any sort of ornamentation or gilding
aside from wirework or patterns on the pommel (the bottom.
of the handle); blood grooves on the blade are unknown.
Contrary to popular belief, swords of this sort do not have a
razor-sharp edge — instead, the blade is beaten into a chisel-
like edge, so that it can hack through armor (iron weapons
have a tendency to lose their edge in combat anyway). Some
late-period blades are made with a pointed tip for thrusting,
but many are not. Indeed, a warrior in armor could very well
be bludgeoned to death without suffering a cut.

Before 900 AD, Scandinavian swords were forged through
pattern-welding; iron bars were heated in bricks of charcoal so
as to absorb carbon and turn into good steel. The bars were
then cut apart and reforged together and subjected repeatedly
to the process, yielding a mixed and swirling mass of steel that
gave rise to the name "pattern-weld" because of the mesmer-
izing, snakelike patterns of dark iron and brighter steel. After

900 AD, improvements in ore and smelting lead to the
development of lighter, more sharply tapered swords of good
quality steel. Either way, the sword is a single-handed light
weapon used for sweeping cuts and chops, often in combina-
tion with quick jumping and dodging.

War Axes and Throwing Axes

Vikings are inordinately fond of war axes, probably be-
cause of the massive trauma that such weapons inflict. After
all, a properly heavy ax lops off limbs with seeming ease.
Furthermore, the use of the ax is a test of strength, especially
if accompanied by a shield (and therefore wielded with one
hand). The typical Norse ax is made of iron, often with a thin
strip of steel along the edge, and has a three or four foot long
haft, granting a great deal of leverage. Early axes were little
more than hammer-backed farming tools, but the develop-
ment of the ax into a weapon of war has led to a general
increase in size, weight and efficiency. The Scandinavian war
ax also has a peculiar squared-off outcropping at the bottom of
the blade, which is helpful in ship-to-ship combat as a sort of
hook for grappling and climbing; this particular jutting piece
grants the term "bearded war ax."

Throwing axes are uncommon due to the difficulty of
using them effectively. Despite their scarcity, they are very
nasty and dramatic weapons. To be used properly, a throwing
ax must be specially balanced, and requires a great deal of
strength and skill to throw accurately. Therefore, even though
such a weapon can be made of iron (since it will be thrown
once and then won't be used again until the next battle), it is
still relatively expensive due to the craftsmanship required in
its construction. The throwing ax has a shorter haft and
smaller blade than its hand-held counterpart, as it must be
light enough to travel a reasonable distance — otherwise, its
advantage is lost (a weapon that only travels five feet is of
limited utility, since the enemy, if still able to fight after the
hurled attack, will arrive in hand-to-hand combat range
before the thrower can ready his close combat weapon).

Spears

Carried by the god Odin and of inestimable value in ship-
to-ship combat, the spear is a common weapon among the
Norse, and most warriors know how to use one. Anywhere
from six to eight feet in length, with an inch-thick wooden
haft and a six-inch-long impaling blade at the end, the spear
is excellent for keeping an enemy at a distance. The haft is
often reinforced with metal spikes and bands to make it
difficult to chop through the weapon. Spears can be used for
hunting and fishing as well as battle, making them utilitarian
and practical (always appreciated by the Norse). However, the
massed spear formation is unknown to the Vikings; instead,
spears are used by individual warriors to hold off and skewer
opponents, then dropped in favor of swords or other weapons
for close combat. Viking spears are primarily hurled weapons;
indeed, the early broad-headed spears of the Scandinavians
are often used solely for hurling, though late designs are built

CHAPTER ONE: VIKING CULTURE


for close thrusting as well. Some Vikings carry a shield in
addition to a spear, but more control is possible when both
hands are used.
Hammers
The sky-god Ponar uses a mighty hammer, and so too do
some of his followers. Because it does not need to keep a keen
edge, a hammer requires little maintenance and can be made
cheaply. Much like an ax, the war hammer hasa single striking
head attached to a two or three foot long haft, and the Norse
value the hammer for its ability to pulverize the bones of even
heavily armored opponents. A spike in the center of the head
of some hammers, backed by the tremendous weight of the
hammer, can easily puncture armor or shields. Unlike many
other weapons, hammers often boast runes for strength or
victory.
Bows
Vikings do not generally use crossbows (since such weap-
ons are an unfamiliar technology), but make some use of the
common hunting bow. While archery is a respected pastime,
it does not garner the glory of fighting in close combat, and is
generally a secondary battle skill for most Scandinavians.
The Norse bow is a hunting weapon perhaps four or five
feet high, and thus it has a limited penetrating power; it
{}) cannot hold a candle to the English longbow. Further-
more, the Vikings do not rely on formation fighting in
battle, and so there are rarely organized groups of archers;
the use of bows is more common in ship-to-ship combat, when
striking at a closing vessel.

‘VIKING ARMOR

For the most part, armor is too expensive for the average
Norseman. Besides, a culture that stresses bravery in combat
and disregard for pain disdains the use of such protection. Still,
wealthy or cautious Vikings may indulge in varying forms of
armor.

Furs and Leather

The most common form of Scandinavian "armor" is a
heavy set of furs and leathers. After all, the frozen north makes
such garments a practical necessity. A good set of heavy furs
can lessen the impact of some blows, and heavy leather stops
arrows and even dagger slashes. Since the materials are cheap
and easily available, Viking warriors most often wear this sort
of armor.

Chain Mail

Wealthy Viking lords may wear a byrnie or hauberk of
chain mail, which is essentially a short-sleeved shirt made of
interlocking metal rings. Most often, these rings are thin
circular links that are cut and then joined together. By 900
AD, though, the rings are hammered flat, cut, joined and then
sealed with rivets, significantly reducing the loss of mail due to
blows. With heavy padding behind it, this armor cushions
against blows and blocks cuts, providing effective protection
against swords and axes. While Europe sees the advent of
soldiers armored head-to-toe in chain mail, the Norse rarely


use more than a long shirt of mail. Still, the protection offered
to the torso by this expensive armor is well worth it to the jarls
of Scandinavia.

Helmets

Contrary to popular belief, the Vikings do not wear
horned helmets. Instead, those who can afford metal headgear
wear round pot helms with eye protection and a metal slat
guarding the nose. These helms often leave the cheeks and jaw
unprotected but otherwise guard against telling blows to the
skull.

Shields

Swordsmen and axemen usually carry circular wooden
shields, simply referred to as round shields. These shields are
build from cut lengths of wood held together by a bolted-on,
circular metal rim. Sometimes, the faces of the shields are
covered in heavy leather for extra protection; sometimes they
are painted with bright colors or fierce symbols, especially
family symbols. A round shield requires full use of the warrior's
off hand, as it is heavy and unwieldy, but affords a great deal
of extra protection (a skilled shieldman can make himself very
hard to hit) and is relatively inexpensive. This makes shields
popular with most Viking raiders of modest means.

LONGSHIPS OF THE Norsk
The Norse are a sea-faring people, and use a variety of

ships for specific purposes. Different as these tasks may be,

tye)

Norse longships share a number of common traits. They are all
clinker-built, meaning the planks of the hull overlap, rather
than lay side-by-side. This leads to a lighter and more flexible
ship. Each longship has a single mast and low sides with a
shallow draught of three to four feet. A square sail, hardened
with diagonal strips of seal hide or other leathery material, is
swung with a special boom that allows the ship to sail rapidly
with the wind or tack against it. The rudder of a Norse ship is
on the starboard side of the ship, and is steered by a single
person, usually the jarl. Because of the side-mounted steer-
board, the tillerman can face fore or aft for navigational
purposes while still steering.

The Trading Ships

The karfi and knorr are the typical trading vessels of the
Norse. Their design has had a major influence on trading ships
of other lands. The knorr, in particular, is emulated by the
shipwrights of the Hanseatic League. Knorrs and karfi, as
trading vessels, carry a large amount of cargo at the expense of
speed. These ships manage about 25-30 miles a day, in good
weather.

The karfi is built for short trips close to the coast, with a
relatively small crew of 20-30. A typical longship of this class
can carry about eight tons of cargo. The karfi has oars, any-
where from 10-15 banks along its 70' length. Found plying the
Baltic and Norwegian coast, these ships carry goods to and


from the trading ports. A karfi's small size allows it to travel up

the larger rivers in Europe without much problem.

A knorr, by compare, is the main ship used to carry goods
across the open ocean and establish settlements. Not much
longer than the karfi at 75 feet, it boasts higher bulwarks
making it more seaworthy. However, it has only a token set of
oars (about ten) for docking maneuvers or beaching. With
fewer oars, the crew numbers only about 20, most of whom
aren't warriors. The cargo capacity is an impressive 25 tons,
some of which is sheltered by a removable deck. Such a vessel
is obviously ideal for a traveling einherjar.

The Warships

In contrast to the slower trading ships, the scuta and
drakkar are the sleek attack ships of the Norse fleet. They are
shallow, to allow them to beach easily and travel up the rivers
of Europe. These ships are designed to be fast and maneuver-
able, and to carry people to battle. Generally, they manage to
cover 30-35 miles a day with good winds or a strong crew.

The scuta is a light coastal ship, often used as a yacht by
a wealthy jarl or king. Anywhere from 20-30 warriors operate
the oars, depending on the overall length of the scuta (any-
where from 40-50 feet). The cargo capacity of the ship is
negligible, designed as it is for short voyages in good weather.

This is the type of ship most likely to pursue a strandhogg raid,
or to carry a visiting jarl not expecting battle.

The drakkar is the primary warship for the Norse fleet, and
reflects that position by being the longest of the Norse ships,
reaching 80' or more. When fully fitted for battle, the drakkar
carries as many as 70-80 warriors, a third of whom actually
operate the oars. The rest are simply there for a fight. Under
common circumstances, the drakkar carries 25-35 warriors.
Usually, the longship has a fiercely carved prow earning it the
nickname of "dragonship."

Toots OF EVERYDAY LIFE

Norsemen weren't all raiders and warriors. Quite a few
Scandinavians engaged in farming and herding. As a result,
they had many of the trappings of medieval Europe: plows and
shears, ovens and tables. Like the peasants to the south,
Scandinavians had the tools of a farming culture. However,
they did use some tools and personal effects largely unknown
to the rest of Europe, for quite some time before such items
became more widespread.

Personal hygiene is a curiously prominent part of Norse
life. The Norse use combs, and indeed some tradesmen devote
themselves to the manufacture and sale of combs. Toothpicks,
too, are used, and many Scandinavians have teeth in much


bettershape than other Europeans. Without the taboos against
nudity common to Christianity, the Norse also bathe regu-
larly, perhaps once a week; accounts of Scandinavian traders
even tell of Norsemen in Europe and the Levant (the con-
tested holy lands of the Middle East) who bathe, comb their
hair and beards, and put on their finest clothing to woo the
local women with their superior cleanliness!

Another curiosity that shows up in Scandinavian apparel
isthe use of skates and snowshoes. Skates are made with blades
of bone, for rapid travel over ice; doubtless they are functional

as well as entertaining. Skis are mentioned in some of the
sagas, and indeed some men boast of their ability to use skis
well. However, the skis that the Norse use are not long snow-
running blades; rather, they are more like snowshoes, broad
and flat, designed to allow the wearer to move over light snow
without sinking.

In time, some of the habits and personal effects of the
Norse spread throughout Europe. Even with the advent of
Christianity and its curious taboos, Scandinavians are reluc-
tant to give up their ways of cleanliness.



In this book I have had Ad stories vorift-
ten Sovon, as 2 have heard them told by
intelligent people, concerning chiefs voho
have held dominionin the northern cour
fries, anid voheo spoke the Danish tongue...

- Prelude to the Geinskeingla, by GSnocei
Sturcluson


CINLIFE OF
THE Norsk

Aneinherjar is one of a dying breed, who holds to old ways
that are being replaced with Christianity and feudalism. Mix
this with the fatalism of the average Viking warrior, anda siege
mentality results. The einherjar see themselves as the last of
Odin's warriors on Middle-gard, preparing to fight in the
impending Ragnarok. All they can do is prepare themselves
for the battle, and die a hero's death.

Not all the aftergangers share the apocalyptic beliefs of
their brethren, however. Some travel to Iceland and the
Faroes to try to preserve their way of unlife a little while longer.
Others abandon the communities of which they were once a
part, and retreat into the wilderness to watch and wait for the
old days to return. The vampires that remain, however,
attempt to restore the old glories with sword and fire.

HEasRTH, HOME AND Away

For the vampire jarl, the year begins with the long night
of Midwinter's Solstice. Among both the Cainite and mortal
members of the community, feasting marks the start of the new
year. When the feasting is done, the mortal Vikings are
occupied with preparations for the coming summer; clothing
is made and repaired, weapons forged and cleaned, and the
longships made ready to sail. Meanwhile, the jarl takes an
active role in the community; raids and expeditions are
planned, things are held to air grievances, new huskarls are
initiated, and marriages are performed.

With the approach of summer, the increasing daylight
forces the vampire jarl to spend less time among her commu-
nity. Einherjar with Fortitude wrap themselves in protective
garb, to move about during the weak twilight or on darkly
cloudy days, but most vampires spend the daylight hours
resting as the inexorable need for slumber overtakes them.
While the jarl is less involved in the activity of the hall or
village, she maintains control through her huskarls and allies.

Summer's Eve (the Spring Equinox) is celebrated with
more feasting. A vampire jarl blesses the fields with his blood,
and promises good year to the people. In the month following
these ceremonies, crops are planted and the livestock turned
out to hillside pastures. Warriors gather in the hall, ready to go
south and begin the raiding season.

As Midsummer approaches, the vampire jarl and her crew
set sail to spend the months of summer raiding south and
avoiding the endless sunlit days of the North. The expedition
proceeds down the coast, seeking villages and unsuspecting
merchant vessels to pillage. A raid may reach as far as the
Mediterranean and the Middle East before turning back.
While the raiders are away, those who remain behind cel-
ebrate the Midsummer with more feasting, and tend to the
livestock in the hills.

WOLVES OF THE SEA

Upon the Vikings' return, the mortals turn to the business
of haymaking and the harvest while the vampires divide the
spoils. The Fall Solstice heralds the end of summer, and the
livestock are collected from the hills. If the raids and harvest
are good, a strong horse and young thrall are chosen for sacrifice
ataceremonial feast; otherwise, only an old horse is used. After
the celebration and feasting, the vampire jarl leaves to attend
the Althing (if one has been called) or, every nine years, a
sacrificial celebration.

A YEAR OF
CINLIVING DBNGEROUSLY

The year is not all feasting and celebration, but a time of
struggle and danger for the vargr. The wilderness of Scandinavia
is home to more than just outlaw vampires and bandits —
Lupines and the alfar (faeries) prowl the woodlands and
mountains. In winter or summer, the vargr must always be
careful.

For the wild vargr, the year begins with the Spring Equi-
nox and the first hints of summer. As the wildlife returns to
normal activity, hunting is good and a vampire can easily get
his fill of blood. The vargr roams towards the east and south
during this time, trying to stay ahead of the long daylight
hours. By the time Midsummer arrives, a vargr is likely to be in
Russia or Kiev. The nomadic journey reverses itself as winter
approaches, with the vargr returning to the North and its long
nights.

Those with the Protean Discipline: Interred in the Earth
have an advantage as vargr, since they hide in the ground
during the daylight hours. Those without have to make do
with caves, makeshift tents and barns for their daytime rest.

CURRENT CUSTOMS

As muchas feasible, einherjar hold to the old ways, seeking
torecreate the glory days of their past. However, the dwindling
numbers of people willing to follow these paths make some
customs difficult to hold on to. At the same time, the reduced
numbers force some changes in the customs that remain.

Tue Hat. Hierarcuy

Inside the hall, ire is always the jarl.
Ghouls make up the huska#ls, Ider's personal guard,
and are second in importangé after her. The keyholder,

the jarl, ranks after these. In
t responsible mortal woman or
n fills the position. After this,
the hierarchy descends to karls, the free warriors who
follow the jarl, and the thralls, who are less slaves than
sources of blood forthe jarl.

in earlier times the
an einherjar hall the
a Childe of the elder,


Pourtics & Laws

For the most part, the einherjar communities cannot really
participate in the things of the rest of Scandinavia. The
vampire jarl may have difficulty participating in the judging
during the daylight hours, for one, and the presence of Chris-
tians makes the pagan beliefs of the Vikings dangerous.
Consequently, the thing of a vampire-led community is a local
affair.

Crimes suchas theft and secret murder are still punishable
by death, but since many of the people making up the commu-
nities of vampiric holds are already outlaws due to crimes
committed while living or dead, the sentence of Outlawry is
rarely delivered. In its place, the accused and accuser often
perform an ordeal of arms such as holmganga, and battle
each other during the local thing. Only when such an
ordeal is impossible, and any other resolution hope-
less, is Outlawry declared.

The importance of an unliving jarl's participa-
tion in making and enforcing laws cannot be
overstressed. In many cases, she may be the only one
inthe community who remembers the old laws and
how things should proceed. Furthermore, the vam-
pire must maintain a show of strength and equity,
orrisk losing the respect and support of the commu-
nity. Since summers are often spent in the south,
sailing and raiding, winter is the usual time when the
afterganger leads her people in the thing and resolves
problems. This reinforces the local nature of the thing,
and makes the Althing an exceedingly rare occasion.

When an Althing does occur, it is usually
because of conflict brewing between vampire
communities. The Althing is used as a way to head
off a potentially devastating war that could leave
the remaining einherjar too weak to survive. Such
an Althing is held during the Spring or Fall, when
the night is long enough and travel by sea not
impossible. This Althing is a gathering of all the
Scandinavian vampires, who decide on the
dispute.

VARGR-KINGS AND
EINHERJAR BANDS

Since no vampire bows to mortal rule, most
einherjar of the High North develop and rule
theirown petty fiefdoms, much like theCainites
of Europe. With the acceptance of blood-cults
and supernatural prowess, though, vampires in
Scandinavia enjoy a much-elevated status com-
pared to their fellows in more southerly lands. During
the Viking Age, a vampire may announce himself
publicly in a town as a blood-drinking nocturnal ma-
rauder, and instead of being killed outright by
God-fearing priests and peasantry he can look forward
to veneration and a place of honor so long as he rules


with unswerving diligence andstrength. Afterall, the einherjar,
OBin's brood of blooded slain warriors, are the most honored
of the dead, as they have been chosen specially to fight at
Ragnardék.

Organization among Scandinavian vampires falls into
three distinct groups. The aftergangers of the north often style
themselves petty kings, ruling openly over feudal districts.
Some warriors take up wandering in search of battle and blood;
these bands of roving einherjar are, as often as not, heroes to the
common people despite their fury and monstrous appetites. A
few vampires even rule over cults and holy places, becoming
objects of worship.

With the Christianization of Scandinavia, Norse vam-
pires find themselves increasingly at odds with the native
population. The exhortations of Christian priests paint them
as monsters and predators who are in league with the Devil.
Dwindling pagan cults result in fewer opportunities to secure
blood from fanatical worshippers. Even the end of Viking raids
isa death-knell, as the Scandinavian vampires can no longer
travel south on voyages with a handful of loyal ghoulish
huskarls. Those einherjar who enjoyed existence as rulers and
objects of veneration during the Viking Era suddenly find
their world a claustrophobic nightmare of hiding from con-
verted farmers and angry priests. A few refuse to bow to the
changing ways, raging at those who would have the gall to
hunt or attack them, but their numbers dwindle with each
passing night.

CNLIVING WotF-KINGs

Since kingship in the Viking Era was a matter of rule by
strength and charisma, vargr had little difficulty in establish-
ing their own protectorates and territories. Indeed, many
small settlements dotted across the land boasted the residence
ofa local einherjar who demanded blood tithes in exchange for
his guidance and sword-arm. A few such communities, hidden
away from prying eyes, still exist under the shackles of vampire
masters. There, outside the passage of time, tiny enclaves
uphold the old waysas long as they can, resisting the incursion
of the outside world.

Aftergangers who do not adjust with the times can find
themselves in serious danger. A single missionary can precipi-
tate the conversion of much of a town; once so converted, the
townspeople may well decide to do away with their Devil-
spawned ruler. Young, upstart vampires created after the
Conversion — and calling themselves Cainites instead of
einherjar—are also a nuisance; many a crusading Cainite takes
it upon himself to rid the north of the Pagan devils who openly
flaunt God's will. The wolf-kings are increasingly rare; their
days have passed.

PacaN Cuts AND VAMPIRE BROODS

The influence of the old gods dies slowly as belief in them
fades. However, in some isolated places, the gods live on
Middle-gard — or so believe their worshippers. When the

WOLVES OF THE SEA

Christ-god's agents must contend not with simple believers,
but with beings who style themselves after the Aisir them-
selves, the old ways become difficult to destroy. It is through
such cults that many of the old and powerful einherjar maintain
their influence.

Instead of simply proclaiming themselves the brood of
Odin, some of the slain actually take up the mantle of godhood,
declaring themselves the Asir incarnate. In such places, the
worship of Christ finds little hold. Bolstered by the presence of
bloody-handed gods, the people rebel against southern mis-
sionaries. Existing openly among the people, using their powers
to garner influence and wealth, drawing tribute and blood-
sacrifice, such vampires head entire towns of devoted followers.

Still, the spread of the Christian faith touches off discord
and destruction among the cults of divinely dissembling vam-
pires. Those with True Faith can repel the powers of the
einherjar and drive them out; crusaders with sword and flame
hunt down the vampires by day or with the protection of their
crosses. With no real defense against the Christian faithful, the
einherjar who style themselves deities must take to wandering
from town to town and exacting their tribute briefly before
moving on, or else must secure their homes from the outside
world so that the Christians of Europe never unearth them.

Indeed, the most powerful Viking to form a cult, calling
himself the All-High, could not stand against the Christian
faith. The All-High settled in Uppsala, there directing wor-
ship with his powerful Walkurie brood and ghouled huskarls.
Even with his guiding strength, the persistent influence of the
Christ-god converted his herd among the Swedes, leading at
last to a revolution by the humans. The All-High's temple
burned, and einherjar everywhere, who once looked to the
ancient vampire for guidance, trembled at the destruction of
the old ways. The dying embers of the All-High's temple at
Uppsala signaled, in a very real way, the end of the old gods'
influence for vampires in Scandinavia.

RoviNnG EINHERJAR

Increasingly threatened by Christian influence and chang-
ing times, more and more Norse vampires become wanderers,
traveling from town to town and earning gold and blood as
hired mercenaries or bandits. In older times, vampires only
wandered by choice or if forced away by a rival einherjar, but in
these times mortals grow dangerous and unruly. It is exceed-
ingly difficult to find followers of the old religion by the time
of Dark Ages; as a result, the brood of Odin garner little
respect any more.

During the heyday of the Vikings, the bands of einherjar
were treated with the deference due to the warriors chosen
from the slain. Hunting monsters and fighting against outsid-
ers was par for the course; in exchange, the einherjar held places
in their communities, until they moved on. Now, though,
many communities fear their former protectors. More than
one group of Viking vampires has been driven from their old
homes by torch-wielding villagers. As a result, more and more


aftergangers take to wandering the wilds, surviving on game
and preying on the occasional traveler or outlaw. Others move
south in search of more verdant pastures, but often find
themselves caught up in the foul snares of Cainite politics.
Only the strongest and hardiest of the einherjar survive the
Inquisition and beyond.

THe VAMpIRE ALTHING

The Althing is attended by all Norse vampires able to
attend, regardless of clan. It begins with the selection of the
first judge when at least nine einherjar are present. For every
nine vampires attending, another judge is selected, up to a
maximum of nine judges. Their role is to act as arbiter and
legislator for the vampires of the North. Their rulings are
binding for all attending, theoretically even above clan poli-
tics. The judges also formulate the law based on the perceived
consensus of those attending.

Each night, during the Althing, the judges ask if any
attending have dispute to be settled. Each issue is then
discussed by all attending, with each side presenting its solu-
tion. When the matter has been discussed to the judges'
satisfaction, they make a ruling on the issue.

An Althing has a number of means to decide a dispute.
The council can declare a vampire outlaw, and have her
killed. It can order the payment of wergild (usually in the form
of thralls) for crimes committed. Territory and property can be

redistributed at the judges' discretion. Even war or peace can
be declared, if the dispute warrants such a thing.

Obviously, the councils of vampires called in an Althing
are highly partisan, and when an Althing is declared, the
nearest einherjar often rush to the scene so as to present
favorable candidates as judges. Furthermore, it is not unknown
(and, indeed, it is quite common) for judges to make rulings
that are based upon clan or local politics, especially if one or
more aggrieved parties are absent. In such cases, the adversely
affected einherjar may protest the ruling of the council, which
invariably leads to feud or war. If the council feels that it has
sufficient support, it may declare such an argumentative sub-
ject outlaw, rendering him vulnerable to destruction in a
fashion similar to the Blood Hunts of the European continent.
If, however, the target is too powerful or too well-supported for
the council to pass such judgment, then little recourse remains

but hidden war.
‘VAMPIRE RELIGION

The surviving old Viking vampires remain pagan, worship-
ping Odin (Odin), Ponar (Thor) and Freyr (Frey) as they did in
better times. While away on their raiding, the einherjar give
worship from aboard ship. At home during the winter, they
worship from the warmth of their halls or temples. The people
they lead still worship in groves and woods surrounding their

CHAPTER TWO; CUSTOMS & THE DARK HGES


homes, where they can. Ifa community is isolated enough, such
worship occurs in the open. If, the community is in the south or
has visitors, the worship proceeds in secret. After all, in the era
of expanding Christianity, the vampires have no desire to draw
unnecessary and undesired attention to the old ways.

Lesser worship consists of rituals performed at the spring
planting or before the harvest. Other rituals are held during
births, deaths, when ships are launched and when a warband
leaves. These are mostly burnt offerings, a few words offered to
the gods or chants and invocations, accompanied by appropri-
ate music and gestures (clanging hammers for Ponar, clapping
and bells for Freyr). The spring, fall and Yule feasts are also
considered offerings to the gods.

Every nine years the einherjar in an area gather to give
sacrifice to the gods. This major festival lasts nine nights and
is held in a secluded grove. Sacrificial victims, usually thralls
and livestock, are brought. A night's festivities begin with
songs and chants, offering thanks to Odin and Freyr. A man
and animal are then hung upside down from the branches of
a nearby tree, and their throats are cut. As the blood drains,
the worshipping aftergangers drink and mark themselves with
the crimson fluid. Often, this leads to frenzy and fighting,
which is considered part of the occasion. The vargr test one
another in battle, drawing strength from the blood of the

WOLVES OF THE SEA

Aes Spe Gp

sacrifices and trading blows in ecstatic fury. When the last of
the sacrifices has been made, the vampires return home.

THE EINHERJAR Way

Vampires of the north aren't simply Vikings with clans.
The particulars of their Norse heritage give einherjar an out-
look upon the world that's far different from many of their
southern cousins. The differences in religion, society and
lifestyle don't just show in the mortal populace — habits and
traits carry over into eternity.

Most noticeably, einherjar rarely have compunctions about
functioning openly and in public. The idea of the Silence of the
Blood is a foreign one — hide from mortal sight? The chosen
warriors of O&n? In latter days, the Camarilla's Masquerade is
seen asa weak and pathetic excuse for power-plays and intrigues
among aftergangers who cannot stand and fight like men.

The creation myths of the einherjar, as different as they are
from the Christian vampires of Europe, foster different duties.
There is no sense of filial responsibility. To be chosen as an
einherjar is to be blessed as one of the warriors who will fight and
die at Ragnardk. Sire and Childe are not positions; rather, the
Embrace — the Choosing, as some einherjar call it — is
recognition for one's valor and cunning. All of Odin's brood
are equal; all will fight and die in the End Times. The eldest do


not demand respect. Respect is earned through strength; to
win respect, one must fight. Courage and battle-prowess speak
louder than age among the einherjar.

Like their cousins to the south, the einherjar abhor the
practice of Diablerie, though for different reasons than many
Elders. The Soul-Bite is a foul practice, committed only by
those who side with the enemy, the jotuns and trolls. A true
warrior gains strength through trials and through personal
growth, not by stealing the vigor of others with black arts. The
einherjar are all the chosen dead, and must fight as one against
the giants and with the gods. To slay another einherjar through
magic or the Soul-Bite — to visit the Final Death, from which
one does not rise the next day — is abhorrent and sacrilegious.
Vampires who engage in such practices are hunted and killed
by any einherjar who hear of them.

Indeed, to the aftergangers of the North, the Cainites living
in Europe are evil spirits, twisted counterparts who deserve
destruction. Those warriors who earn respect through the honor
of valiant deeds are fellows to be treated with dignity; some may
evensurvive to fight as allies in the last days. Those vampires who
use cunning and guile, though, who bend words and work the
trickery of Loki, are adversaries to be struck down. Little wonder,
then, that the vampires of Europe fear and fight the einherjar just
as much as Europe's mortals battle the living Vikings.

MopERN
(SEOGRAPHY

During the height of the Viking Age, the Norse traveled
all over Europe and settled in Ireland, England, France and
Russia. They established themselves on the remote islands of
the Atlantic: the Faroes, Iceland and Greenland. There was
evena brief colony in North America. The descendants of the
Norse are now everywhere, from Scotland to Sicily,
Constantinople to Iceland. With them come the einherjar;
vampires survive and thrive in communities on both sides of
the Atlantic Ocean.

However, generations later, the Norse who settle in
Europe assimilate into the local culture and, while some words
or traditions survive, the settlers of England and Normandy
are no longer truly Norse. It is only in Scandinavia, Iceland
and Greenland that the Norse culture survives in a recogniz-
able form. Despite the slow decline of Scandinavian culture,
though, many einherjar cling to the old ways, fervently trying
to promote the valor and violence of their heyday.

Norway

Norway stretches along the mountainous west coast of
the Scandinavian peninsula. Rocks and small islands protect
its deep fjords from the Atlantic, and the Gulf Stream keeps
the harbors open year round. The climate is mild, with cool
summers and warm winters. The land around Oslo, Jaeren and
Trondheim is suitable for farming and has the greatest concen-

tration of people. Each of the fjords and river valleys have strips
of fertile land and support villages and towns.

The major resources of Norway are iron and wood, both
available in almost limitless quantities. The country also
teems with wildlife; reindeer, elk, wolf, bear, fox, wolverine
and marten are hunted in the south for their meat and fur,
while in the North it is seal, whale and walrus. Fish is also
plentiful, teeming in the coastal waters and open sea.

A land of mountains and woods, Norway remains a place
of mystery and isolation, even in the 12th century. Hidden in
the fjords are lonely communities, each one isolated from the
influence of the rest of the country. In the Halogaland and
fjords of Norway the old ways are still practiced in lonely
villages, away from the reach of the king.

‘Vampires OF Norway

In Norway, the afterganger is found living in the wilds of
the mountains asa vargr, hiding among the Christian populace
in the major towns, or ruling as a jarl in one of the small
communities in the North. A vargr in Norway survives prima-
rily on the wildlife found in the forests, supplemented by the
occasional outlaw, traveler or villager. Vampires who settle in
communities have more options.

The typical einherjar-ruled community consists of a large
main hall, where the vampire jarl and his huskarls reside.
Surrounding this are the farmsteads of the locals, each with a
barn, paddock and house. A community dock is close by, with
the longships and fishing craft of the village moored there.
Christian communities have a stone church in their center.
All told, no more than a hundred people make their home in
each such place.

Towns in Norway are religious, administrative or trading
centers and the population makes its living with trade and
crafts, rather than agriculture or hunting. For a vampire, these
large settlements provide a good chance of anonymity. The
major towns in Norway are Oslo, Trondheim and Skien, each
with a population in the thousands.

SWEDEN

Long and narrow, Sweden shares a mountainous border
with Norway and faces onto the Gulf of Bothnia and the Baltic
Sea. The highest parts of the mountainous north are perma-
nently snowbound and feed the many rivers that flow east into
the coastal plains. The lowlands surrounding the Malaren,
Vanern, and Vattern lakes dominate Central Sweden. With
its many bogs and wetlands, the area is difficult to travel, save
on marked paths and trails.

As with Norway, Sweden enjoys a mild climate in the
south. However, in the north, temperatures are much colder
and the population is sparser. The natural resources of Sweden
are also similar to Norway, with iron and timber being nearly
unlimited and the hunting and fishing excellent. Unlike
Norway, though, Sweden looks eastwards, to the Germanic
and Slavic lands along the Baltic.

CHAPTER TWO: CUSTOMS & THE DARK AGES


IEINHERIAR OF SWEDEN

The vampires of Sweden are found in isolated bands in the
wooded mountains of the north, in enclaves on the islands of
the Baltic, or hiding in the bogs of the central lakes. Rarely are
they found in towns or rulinga village like their Norwegian kin.

A vargr band in Sweden numbers anywhere from one to
ahandful of vampires, with another handful of mortal or ghoul
followers. The farther north one goes, the smaller the size of
the bands. A typical band roams from north to south and back,
as the weather and sun allow, feeding on wildlife and villagers
as required. If hunting is poor, the band crosses into Russia,
through Finland, and seeks blood among the Slavs.

The islands in the Baltic provide a home to pirates —
some led by einherjar. A typical pirate crew consists of adrakkar
or scutta with the appropriate number of warriors, based out of
asmall settlement on one of the islands. These pirates raid the
merchant trade between the large trading towns along the
Baltic and the rest of Europe, coming away with many trea-
sures and goods.

DENMARK

Denmark is a small country, especially compared to Nor-
way and Sweden. The difference isn't just in size — Denmark is
very flat, is attached directly to Europe, and is half islands. The
constant contact with the Saxons, Frisians and Slavs to the
south exerts a profound cultural influence. This proximity leads
to its conversion to Christianity first among the Scandinavian
lands, and to the establishment of a feudal state.

Denmark is a gateway for the Baltic and the North Sea
and gathers a portion of the trade that passes between them
with tariffs and fees. Unlike Norway and Sweden, Denmark
does not have an endless supply of timber or iron. Instead, it
relies its strategic position along a trade route, and on agricul-
ture and crafts, for its wealth.

TuE Rot IN DENMARK

Viking vampires in Denmark exist either in the anonym-
ity of the trading towns or as lone vargr in the limited
woodlands available. A Viking community would quickly be
noticed and dealt with harshly by the king or his agents.
Further complicating matters, Denmark is home to a number
of non-Viking Cainites who compete for the limited re-
sources. A vargr or Viking vampire is either forced to go it
alone, surviving on what can be plundered from the villages
and towns, or to find a place among the European Cainites in
her land.

ICELAND, THE FAROES
AND GREENLAND

Settled during the peak of the Viking age, these colonies
remain part of Scandinavia in 1197 AD The Vikings have

WOLVES OF THE SEA

turned these once uninhabited islands into stable communi-
ties with ties to Scandinavia. The old ways, with some changes,
survived Christianization and these settlements retain the
flavor of the Norse.

Iceland is the oldest of the settlements, with a number of
villages and a growing population thanks to a mild climate
provided by the Gulf Stream. The strangeness of the volcanoes
and earthquakes is offset by the familiarity of the rocky coasts
and barren mountain areas, which resemble those of Norway.
Iceland has good pastureland, fish in the sea and rivers, easy
access to whales and seal and wood for building homes.

The Faroes, a string of islands and islets south of Iceland,
also have a moderate climate and excellent pastures. Despite
their proximity to Scotland and Ireland, the Faroes have more
contact with Norway than anyplace else. The population here
is ascattered and small, with villages only on the largest of the
islands.

Greenland is a land of snow and ice everywhere except for
a small coastal area in the south-west which is suited for
settlement. Here, not far from the inland ice fields, are found
Norse farmers making a living from the pasture and soil.
Essential imports of iron, wood and grain from Norway are paid
for with the pelts of polar bears and arctic fox, walrus tusks,
narwhal horn, and whalebone. The settlements in Greenland
are fragile, however, and a bad couple of years or plague could
destroy them.

ATLANTIC KINDRED

The vargr in Iceland and Greenland are very rare and very
careful. While the people hold to the old ways, they are also
isolated and not very numerous. The islands cannot support
large vampire populations, and the vargr who are present take
great care to police themselves and any vampires arriving from
outside.

A vampire could be found leading a community similar to
one in Norway, but less isolated. The vampiric nature of a jarl
could be kept a secret, but the location of the community _
couldn't. Furthermore, the Icelandic vampire can count on
more support for her raids and adventures, and support a larger
warband than her isolated Norwegian counterparts.

Tue REST OF EUROPE

Vampires and mortals in the rest of Europe feel that the
Viking age is over, and already many scholars are writing of the
Viking Era in the past tense. The increase in fortifications and
the quick, armed response to Viking attacks have made raids
riskier, while the conversion to Christianity has made them
morally improper. A prime incentive for raiding, slaves, is out
of favor in the new feudal arrangements. The only groups that
continue to raid are the vampire jarls, and their numbers are
small.


AssAMITES

The Assamites are very selective about their member-
ship, almost exclusively recruiting from the Ismalis. However,
the Norse warriors made expeditions into the Middle East as
early as the 700s, and a select few of these warriors may have
been Embraced. Additionally, a number of Norse served in the
Varangian Guard, a mercenary bodyguard of the Byzantine
Emperor in Constantinople during the 11th Century. It's not
inconceivable that some of these may have been Embraced, to
extend Saracen influence into the Emperor's palace.

A Norse Assamite is dedicated, brave and a fearsome
warrior. He is found living in the wilderness of Scandinavia,
hunting the vargr and jarls of the North. Indeed, his indoctri-
nation into the clan forever makes a Scandinavian Assamite
the enemy of his own kind, hunting other vampires of the
North for their blood. The particular traits of Assamites (dark
skin, religion and secret murder) mark a Norse Assamite as an
outsider and make it difficult to fit in with the rest of the
northern Kindred.

Because the children of Haquim (the Assamites) feel that
itis their duty to fight against the children of Khayyin (Caine),
there's obviously a bit of religious tension going on between
any Norsemen and the beliefs of the Assamite clan. Without
a legend including Caine or Haquim, after all, the Norse have
no reason to zealously promote the clan's agenda of assassina-
tion. As a result, those Scandinavians who do not convert

directly to the clan's belief structure instead consider Khayyin
one of the jotuns, or giants, who tricked Haquim and stole the
power the make false einherjar. The fact that Haquim was
supposedly a descendant of Khayyin, and not vice versa, is
dismissed as fallacy in such cases.

BRUJAH

After the Gangrel, the Brujah are probably the most
numerous of the Norse vampires. The Norse have looted or
traded along the coast of Portugal and Africa for centuries, and
have had much contact with the Zealots. The relationship
between the Norse people and the einherjar isa fascinating one
for the Brujah. The tenuous ties of duty between vampiric jarls
and mortal huskarls remind the Brujah of lost Carthage, and
they share in it by Embracing some of the Norse.

The Brujah Norse are be found mostly in the new trading
cities of Scandinavia, such as Bergen and Schleswig. There,
they try to find a balance between the old pagan and the new
Christian ways. There are elements of the Norse society that
have great appeal to the Brujah: the value of the individual,
the admiration of the brave, the loyalty of family and the
respect given to einherjar. These values are what the Zealots
wish to preserve.

Ofcourse, Scandinavian vampires have their own uniquely
Viking views on the vampire place among mortals. While
many Brujah profess to seek equality between Kin and Kine,

the einherjar rule and fight as chosen warriors. Older Brujah
work from the common points of vampires coexisting openly
with mortals, and attempt to smooth over the difficulties that
inevitably result when already fierce Viking warriors succumb
to the incredible rage of the Zealots'.

CAPPHDOCIANS

While the Norse have roamed over all of Europe, the odds
of any of them being Embraced by this secretive and hidden
clan are next to nil. There is little that the Norse have to offer
this Clan, and less that it has to offer any Viking.

FoLLowErs OF SET

Another rarity is the Norse Setite. The religious aspects
of the Followers of Set make it unlikely that they would
Embrace a Viking. However, not all Norse are immune to the
corruption of civilized life, and it is possible that one far away
from home could be turned to the service of the clan. This
convert would then be sent into the midst of the Norse, to sow
corruption in his homeland.

As with other vampiric legends, the tales of Set are often
incorporated into einherjar myth in different forms than the
European versions. Vikings see Set as Jormungandr, the world-
serpent, a vicious enemy of the Asir and offspring of Loki and
the giants. As a result, any true einherjar warrior sees it as his
solemn duty to fight against the diabolical forces of the Setites.

GANGREL

The most numerous of Norse Kindred are Gangrel. Even
before the Norse began their expansion, the Gangrel dwelt
among them — sometimes as allies, other times as monsters.
The lands of Scandinavia are perfectly suited to the Gangrel
temperament, with their isolated fjords, mountains and wil-
derness. However, Norse Gangrel are hardly restricted to the
North. On the longships of the Vikings, the Gangrel spread
into the rest of the Europe. They can be found throughout the
continent, anywhere that Viking raids may have carried them.

Some Norse Gangrel surround themselves with other
warriors, attempting to hold on to the old pagan ways. These
jarls strive to be paragons of Viking virtue and to instill this in
the mortals in their care. Other Norse Gangrel are outlaws
living in the wilderness as vargr. These vargr can be found all
over Europe, preying on the civilized world around them.

Norse Gangrel care little for legends and tales of old
vampires and their history. Instead, they concern themselves
with sagas of great deeds and courage. It is a rare vargr who is
not also an accomplished tale-teller; the vargr while their
hours away swapping stories when they meet in the deep
woods. Whether Caine or Odin brought down the curse or
blessing of eternal unlife is irrelevant; what matters is survival
in the here and now. Pragmatic to the core, these vampires are
those among the Scandinavians most likely to survive the
harsh nights of the Conversion and the Inquisition, and to
avoid the politics and theology that tear apart the Cainites of
Europe.


LasoMBRA

Only recently have the Lasombra turned their attentions
towards the Norse, and then only because of the recent
civilizing of the area. What few Lasombra do exist in the North
are always sent there from the south, though a rare few Vikings
from Denmark have been Embraced to help extend Lasombra
influence into the politics of that emerging kingdom.

The Lasombra have to be extremely careful in their
dealings in the North, given the hostile attitudes of nearly
every other vampire they are likely to meet. The clan's ties to
darkness and shadow are too reminiscent of Norse myths
regarding Niddhogr and other dark powers; the Lasombra tend
to make Vikings acutely uncomfortable. Dealing with the
Scandinavians is therefore a touchy matter for the Magisters.
Of course, the Lasombra make sure they are up to the chal-
lenge, Embracing only the most charismatic to carry their
word.

LarBon

The fiery lands of Africa are anathema to the Vikings,
who dub the land home to giants and worse. In the entire
history of the World of Darkness, it is unlikely that any
einherjar has even met one of the reclusive Laibon.

WOLVES OF THE SEA

Lamia

The death-priestesses of Lilith are almost unknown in
Scandinavia. The dark predilections of the Cappadocians
hold little interest for the pragmatic Norse, and so the sister
bloodline of Cappadocius has limited contact with the einherjar.
Perhaps the only Lamia of the Vikings are the rare walkuries
who are Embraced to fulfill their role as warrior-women and
choosers of the slain among the ranks of Europe's Cainites.

Among those Viking vampires who cling to the old
legends, some call the Lamia the servants of Hel, marking
them as special einherjar who guard the realms of the dead to
prevent the escape of lost souls. Given the Lamia predilection
for studying death and war, this comes as no great surprise.

LHIANNAN

Relations between the Celts and the Vikings are respect-
ful but strained — each sees the other as valiant warriors but
dangerous foes. The relations between Lhiannan and einherjar
of other clans are similar — the vampires of Scandinavia are
deadly enemies. The dying Lhiannan receive little surcease
from the Vikings; their communities are raided and pillaged
just as much as any Christian's. No Vikings are Embraced into
this bloodline.


MALKAVIANS

The Malkavians are infrequent members of the Norse,
but those that are Embraced are treated with a mixture of fear
and respect. No matter what the actual occupation of the
Malkavian, he is treated like a skald and given the hospitality
one of that order deserves. Many of the Norse view Malkavians
as personifications of Loki (with all the mixture of admiration
and fear that entails).

NosFERATU

Rarely found in the North, the Nosferatu are more likely
to make a ghoul of a Viking than to Embrace one. What few
do make it into the North are usually labeled monsters and
hunted when found. The small size of the towns and settle-
ments in the North makes discovery too easy for a Nosferatu
to feel comfortable.

RAVNOS

The Ravnos rarely cross paths with the Norse, so Ravnos
Vikings are non-existent. When the paths of a Ravnos and a
vargr do cross, violence is usually the result. Indeed, so few
Gypsies (and accompanying shilmulo) have left India that it is
unlikely that a Norseman would ever run across a member of
the Ravnos clan.

SALUBRI

The healers among the Salubri are mistrusted as magi-
cians, but the warriors of the Salubri earn great respect for their
valor and ferocity. Although the Salubri do not Embrace the
Scandinavians — their violent and pagan temperaments are
seen as undesirable — many einherjar have crossed blades with
the followers of Saulot, and speak highly of the skills of the
doomed prophets.

TOREADOR

There is a certain beauty to the crafts of the Norse, and
the Toreador have made an effort to preserve such products.
Along with salutary skalds, the Toreador have Embraced
various artisans responsible for creating some of the finest
metal and woodwork in the North. These are brave and bold
Toreador, risking much in their quest to preserve beauty. After
all, the Norse have little use for effete foppery; a Viking
Toreador creates objects of art as a testament to skill and
dedication.

TREMERE

The Tremere first appeared during the end of the Viking
age, and as such have had little contact with the Norse. In the
time since, their infamy has reached the Northern einherjar
and marked the Usurpers as enemies. What attempts have
been made by the Tremere to extend their power into
Scandinavia (and these have been few and far between) have
been met with quick and violent action. Far from their

strongholds, the Tremere have little chance in the North, for
the moment.

With the Tremere abduction of several Gangrel in Eu-
rope, relations between the two clans are hostile in the
extreme. Since the majority of Norse einherjar are Gangrel, the
Usurpers have little or no real hope of any sort of meaningful
contact among the Vikings. Indeed, even the few rune-wise or
mystically inclined Scandinavians shun the Tremere as prac-
titioners of an unnatural and demonic art. Conversely, the
Tremere covet the power of the runes, and often send Finnish
or Lappish students to insinuate themselves among the Scan-
dinavian vampires. These spies rarely last more than a single
winter before they are destroyed for their treacherous ways and
black magical works.

TZIMISCE

Almost from the beginning, the Tzimisce have had deal-
ings with the Norse, and almost always they have been for the
worse. The Norse traditions of freedom, individuality and
unbending resistance put them at odds with the autocratic
Tzimisce and their ghoul servants. Add in the frequent Viking
raids into Tzimisce strongholds for slaves, and tensions are at
a boiling point. However, this doesn't mean that the Fiends
haven't been able to make a few unwilling converts amongst
captured Vikings. The Tzimisce Vikings return to the North
as monsters, seeking to destroy what remains of the old Norse
culture with violence.

In recent years, the Tzimisce and the Gangrel have been
forced into an uneasy alliance of convenience to battle the
Tremere, and a Norse vampire caught in Europe may stay his
claws simply due to this truce. Then again, a vargr who finds
himself balked by a Fiend's domineering nature is likely to deal
with matters bluntly and finally.

VENTRUE

A strong Ventrue presence in Europe, along with the
increasing feudalism of Scandinavia, has led to an increase in
the number of Norse Kindred hailing from this clan. The
Ventrue see the North as another place to extend their
influence and to head off the expansionist efforts of the Brujah
and Lasombra. The fact that the Gangrel are already in place
is of little concern, since they are seen as simple beasts to be
tamed by the arriving conquerors.

CaITIFF

There are a few Caitiff in Scandinavia. Seeking to survive
without guidance in the wilderness and towns is perilous
indeed for a vampire, given the scarcity of prey and the other
problems of living in the far north. The few Norse Caitiff are
abandoned by irresponsible vargr in the wild, or jarls who over-
estimate a village's blood supply. Few survive the first winter
or their first encounter with the Get of Fenris.


‘STORYTELLING
THE HigH NortTu

Any Storyteller with some reference material and an
outline of Scandinavian einherjar can build a story with some
Viking vampires. Building a truly memorable Chronicle,
though, takes effort and no small amount of thought. The
einherjar of Scandinavia aren't simply vampires with axes and
longboats. Focus on the differences in culture and mentality to
play up the tensions between einherjar and Cainites.

LASOMBRA, THE CHURCH,
AND VIKING Ras

During the era of looting and pillaging, many of the
targets of Viking raids are the monasteries of the Lasombra.
Remote bastions of Christianity, the monasteries are looted of
treasures, burned, and their vampire and mortal inhabitants
slain. The Lasombra have a long memory and do not forget
assaults on their strongholds. Their method of gaining re-
venge is, of course, subtle, as befits the manipulative Magisters.

The Lasombra attack the problem of the Vikings with
religion. Through their agents in the Church, they encourage
the existing efforts to convert Scandinavia to Christianity.
While not every missionary into the North is a Lasombra spy,
some are, and they do their best to undermine the culture that
produces the Norse raids. Were it not for the continued
presence of the vampire jarls and vargr, the Viking presence in
Europe would be eliminated — something the Lasombra
would very much like to see.

¢ The characters are vampire raiders, sacking coastal
monasteries for loot. A few unpleasant run-ins with priests
with True Faith force the characters back. When they return,
they find the area under Lasombra control. How do they
remove the Magisters, when the continental Cainites can
unleash the force of True Faith? The characters must out-
manipulate the manipulators to remove the priests so that the
vampires may be confronted directly.

© The characters are converts, but find the idea of
vampires controlling the church appalling. They seek to
remove the Lasombra, but must grapple with questions of their
own place in the Christian world. How do they justify killing
a Lasombra who is also a priest?

© Controlling a community in the high North, the
characters are faced with the incursion of Christianity. Mis-
sionary priests bring the word and start converting the locals,
causing trouble and suspicion. Killing the missionaries merely
guarantees irate converted villagers and more zealous crusad-
ers who seek to finish the tasks of the martyred. How do the
characters eliminate the puppets of the Magisters?

‘WOLVES OF THE SEA

‘VENTRUE CONVERSION

In contrast with the subtle moves of the Lasombra, the
Ventrue have always been very overt in their attempts to deal
with the Norse threat. From offering bribes to outright con-
quest, the Ventrue have made a strong effort to eliminate the
threat of the Viking raids. The spread of fortifications and
armed response in Ventrue held lands was no accident.

With its conversion to Christianity, and its proximity to
Ventrue domains, Denmark has proven very receptive to the
Ventrue. The Ventrue have begun establishing feudal rela-
tionships with the King of Denmark and, at the same time, are
pursuing an aggressive military campaign to drive the vargr
from the country. How long it will be before they take their
forces into Norway and Sweden is unknown.

 Forseveral years, Ventrue agents have paid Danegeld to
keep the Vikings from raiding particular areas of the coastline.
Now, the townsare being fortified and military forces are being
trained. If the situation continues, the Vikings will be forced
out of the area, and once raiding fails, there will be no more
Danegeld, either. The characters seek to reassert their physical
dominance over the area, to guarantee future riches for the
taking.

A Ventrue ambassador takes control of the local jarl or
king, either through use of Dominate, the Blood Oath, or the
covert aid of a Tremere. Now, the characters find themselves
scornedas the local leader attempts to strike a peaceful bargain
with the Ventrue. The Cainites manipulate matters to remove
the characters from political power; worst of all, if the charac-
ters leave to do something about the Ventrue, they may find
themselves outlaws when they return home. The Vikings must
learn the political game and either control the leader or stage
a bloody coup.

© Skirmishing between borders heats up, and the charac-
ters are thrust into war. They lead their forces into battle, but
the superior tactics and weapons of the Ventrue armies start
crushing them. The characters can ghoul their armies, but risk
depopulating the countryside in their search for blood. Reach-
ing an accord means accepting unfavorable terms. The
characters must strike hard and fast, taking the enemy capital
— and defeating the enemy Ventrue and his retinue — in
order to end the conflict quickly and decisively.

Bruyau RECRUITING

As far as the Brujah are concerned, the relationship
enjoyed by many of the vampire jarls with mortals is something
to be emulated. The schism in the Brujah ranks between those
who support mortal kings, and those who oppose them, has
also made the Norse warrior a valuable addition to the clan.
Emissaries of both viewpoints have traveled north, to try to
establish relations with the isolated vampire jarls of the fjords


and the vargr of the wilds. Thus far, the Brujah have been
unable to reestablish the ways of their beloved Carthage, but
that does not keep them from constantly trying.

© Iconoclasts from Constantinople see the Viking war-
riors, brutal and berserk, as the perfect tools to destroy a flawed
society. The characters find themselves manipulated by pow-
erful Brujah who are potent warriors in their own right. An
uneasy truce must be struck with other European Cainites
while the einherjar deal with the upstarts who would try to
control the Vikings.

A peaceful Brujah scholar arrives in the North, seeking
to watch the things of Scandinavia. She takes notes about the
open interactions between vampire jarls and mortal huskarls,

trying to find the means of peaceful coexistence, and finally

asks for permission to create a Childe — or perhaps even makes
one secretly. Is she an idealistic visionary or a dangerous
emissary?

¢ A small circle of Brujah warriors seeks out the charac-
ters to do battle, having heard legends of the characters'
prowess. After the fight, the Brujah swap tales, absorbing the
Scandinavian stories of Ragnarék eagerly. The Brujah ask to
become einherjar, joining the troupe of the characters and
seeking out valiant conflicts, but their excesses prove too
much even for the Vikings. Do the characters destroy them,
disavow them and turn them into enemies, or join them in
depravity?



Qheve ave nine skills knovoen to me -
At tables 3 play ably
Rarely 2 cun out of cunes
Reading srith-craft, both come creadry
3 can shim the ground on skis,
Wield a bove, d0 voell in rovoing
Co both arts 2 can bend my mind:
Poet's lay and harper's planing.

- Boast atteibuted fo Carl Kogneald
of the Orkneys


The following section deals with character generation for
a chronicle set in Scandinavia, or building a Scandinavian
character for play in a more conventional Vampire: the Dark
‘Ages game.

SETTING

CONSIDERATIONS
PERIOD

Viking characters will be heavily affected by the era in
which they live and die; the profound changes in religion and
belief near the turn of the millennium change the faiths and
practices of Scandinavia and its inhabitants. First is the pagan
era, which includes the Viking age and the time before it,
when Scandinavia is entirely pagan. Second is the period of
the Conversion, as the High North accepts Christianity in fits
and starts; this period lasts for several decades. Third is the
post-Conversion era, after the Christian faith is well-estab-
lished and pagan practices have died out or become thoroughly
Christianized. Storytellers runninga Scandinavian game should
decide in which period the game is set, as these cultural
influences will certainly have a great impact upon play.

Conventional Dark Ages games will of course take place
in the post-Conversion era. This shouldn't particularly limit
the players, however. The Conversion is a historically recent
event, happening (roughly) between 900 and 1000, depend-
ing on the location. All but the youngest Norse einherjar will
have been born and raised in the Old Ways, and may or may
not have converted depending on personal choice.

Group CONCEPTS FOR
SCANDINAVIAN GHMES

Groups for Scandinavian games, particularly those set in
the Viking age, need a compelling reason to be together.
Unlike Continental Europe, the High North has a low popu-
lation density. Large groups of vampires stretch the available
blood. Conversely, vampires do tend to seek out the company
of others of their own kind, if only for camaraderie that lasts
longer than the brief lives of the mortals around them. With
these factors in mind, the Storyteller must arrange matters so
that the players have a plausible reason for association, but at
the same time have a viable means of survival. Existence in
Scandinavia should be difficult but not impossible.

Feeding is probably the largest problem for vampires in
Scandinavia. Multiple einherjar in one location will have a
difficult time not exhausting (or at least alienating) their food
supplies, even if they supplement their diet with livestock.
Groups might survive on Animalism-influenced herds of large
animals like reindeer, by hunting as wolves via Protean, or
simply by living as bandits and vagabonds, changing location
frequently and drinking from travelers and the inhabitants of
halls where they guest.

WOLVES OF THE SEA

As with period, the Storyteller should probably either
prepare the concept for a Scandinavian game ahead of time, or
else be willing to mediate between the players and help them
find a compromise everyone in the group will enjoy. All inall,
preparing the concept ahead of time is likely to be the most
rewarding. Four or five einherjar in one place without some-
thing to do are rapidly going to run into trouble, for reasons of
character as well as economics. There aren't many vampire-
friendly places in Scandinavia. With most civilization centered
around isolated halls, there just isn't much to do during a five
month long night spent in a large one-room house except
annoy one another. Given the Scandinavian predilection for
violence, some serious work should be done to make the
characters mesh well.

‘VIKINGS

This Chronicle is possible over the entire spectrum of pre-
and (as vargr) post-Conversion Scandinavia. The characters
are leaders ofa Viking band, taking to the sea to bring glory and
tiches to themselves and their hearty band of freebooters.
Every summer night is a new piece of coastline and a new raid
for provisions. This is not necessarily a short-term saga. Many
Viking expeditions spent years away from home, wintering on
islands in estuaries up and down the coast of Europe.

The Storyteller needs to work hard to give this sort of
Chronicle purpose. A Chronicle that is nothing more than a
series of coastal raids quickly loses its luster. Instead, the
Chronicle needs to focus upon the development of the char-
acters, their interactions on the long sea voyages, and the
means by which they conduct their raids. Successful raiders
may well settle and spend their hard-earned wealth on con-
struction ofanewsettlement. Similarly, long-running enemies
(especially Cainites of the continent, who have lost riches and
prestige to the depredations of the characters) help to keep the
players on their toes.

Loyat Huskaris

For a chronicle featuring intrigue worthy of the sagas,
build the characters as huskarls to a powerful jarl (whether the
jarl is also portrayed by a player is up to the Storyteller). The
characters undertake business for the jarl, constantly vying for
gifts (potent blood? favors?) while making sure that rivalsdon't
gain the upper hand. Asa group, the characters might be pitted
one against the other, each trying to earn a place of honor with
the jarl, oreven replace him; alternately, they may forma circle
of warriors fighting to support the jarl against an outside threat.
Either way, expect a lot holmgang, murder, betrayal and open
warfare.

Perfect for showcasing Viking society in its entirety, a
chronicle of this sort deals with the customs and beliefs of the
Scandinavians in depth. Together, the characters must face
down outside threats from other jarls as well as more supernatu-
ral enemies like trolls and werewolves, while still watching
their own backs for treachery in their midst. While most stories
will take place in or near the hall of the jarl, loyal huskarls may


be called upon to travel to distant lands in order to secure rare
treasures or artifacts for their lord, or to cement alliances.

Fora twist on the usual Dark Ages game, make a chronicle
of huskarls whose members (the players' characters) are all
ghouls. Watch the treachery increase as each ghoul vies for
favor with the jarl in hopes of gaining the Embrace. Such a
modification also affords the characters the opportunity to act
during the day, but if they undertake long missions, they must
be wary of the possibility of reverting to weak mortality.

TRADERS

Even more than Vikings, Scandinavian merchants are a
constant throughout history. If there is business to be done,
there will be Norsemen there, buying and selling. This lifestyle
allows the Scandinavian vampire to feed with near-impunity
on the alien populace, and provides a perfect reason for a Norse
character in a conventional Dark Ages game set in practically
any location in Europe. Of course, most markets are closed
during the evening, so a ghoul with a firm knowledge of
mercantile principles is a must. Alternately, vampires can deal
in materials that will bring a buyer out at any time of day:
amber, fine fur or the considerably discounted jewelry previ-
ously owned by the people several hundred miles up the coast.

This sort of campaign is ideal for groups that may move or
stay ata whim. As merchants, the characters can easily pack
up and travel to new markets, but a wealthy trade provides a
good incentive to stay in one place. Thus, a wide range of
stories is possible, as the characters will doubtless meet many

people and involve themselves in wide-tangingschemes while
traveling, buying and selling.

CoNQUERERS ABROAD

Not every voyage by Scandinavians was for the purposes
of raiding and trading. Colonization, with its attendant oust-
ing of the local population through pillage, rapine and simple
crowding out, was a staple of Norse culture. Greenland,
Iceland and the Orkney, Shetland and Faroe Islands were all
colonized by Scandinavians. Less successful colonies were
started in Vinland, England and Ireland. While the Norse
settlements in Ireland and the Danelaw in England were
eventually abolished, they had long lives, and seemed like
unstoppable juggernauts at the times of their founding. Einherjar
seeking greener pastures and more abundant sustenance might
find participation in such settlements-cum-invasions alluring.
Open and covert warfare with the local mortal and supernatu-
ral populations, political infighting among the settlers, and the
challenge of adapting to a new environment all provide
obstacles to be overcome. The population being displaced is
definitely fair game for feeding, and provides sufficient suste-
nance for several einherjar to exist in close proximity.

Colonization provides the opportunity for empire build-
ing. For players with a taste for intrigue, there's no substitute
for building a kingdom from scratch. Even if the colony itself
fails, the einherjar can insinuate themselves into local societies.


The clash of cultures, and especially of settled vampires versus
the upstart Scandinavians, forms the basis for a great deal of
conniving and conflict.

MissIONARIES

The major impetus behind the Conversion was from
Scandinavians who had traveled to Continental Europe,
converted and brought the faith back with them. There's no
reason that a Scandinavian supernatural might not undergo
the same experience asa mortal. Because of their superhuman
strength, Cainites will have a significant advantage in at-
tempting to convert mortals, even if the vampire doesn't use
social disciplines — it's damnably difficult for a mortal to beat
aCainite in a holmgang. However, Cainites have the opportu-
nity to proselytize to the supernatural denizens of Scandinavia
in addition to the human population. Missionary Cainites
face the same problems as normal missionaries, namely being
mocked, tortured, enslaved, murdered in their beds or killed
during holmganga by champions of the native faith.

Those Cainites attempting to preach to supernaturals
face additional risks. Few Get of Fenris see vampires exhorting
them to the Christian Faith as anything but ragdolls to be rent
asunder with greater-than-usual enthusiasm. Those mission-
aries who attempt to minister to their fellow Cainites must fear
Amaranth as well as religious hatred — who would notice or
care if a troublesome band of missionaries went to a vargr hall

and failed to emerge?

IMITATION Gops

According to Norse belief, the Asir often walked among
the halls of men. Vampires with the right appearance could
imitate the gods with fair accuracy. For pre-Conversion vam-
pires, this is a simple way to gain sustenance. It can also be a
way for Conversion-era Cainites to oppose the spread of
Christianity, by providing physical evidence of the gods to
their believers. If properly executed, divine imitations can
gain the vampire herds of blood-slaves and help fight the
spread of the Christian faith. However, it's a dangerous mas-
querade, one that any hedge-witch can ruin. Regardless of the
beliefs of those so defrauded, the victims are likely to be most
displeased by the actions of the "gods."

Asmall group of einherjar could reasonably conceal them-
selves as a band of the gods adventuring together; the Norse
deities were notable for their small group forays into strange
realms. In this fashion, einherjar of different clans can each
take a role appropriate to a particular divinity, demanding
tribute or hospitality from their mortal fellows. However, it
must be remembered that the Scandinavians gave respect
through strength, and gods who do not demonstrate their
prowess or test and succor their followers will be questioned
and eventually discovered for what they are.

WOLVES OF THE SEA

We'rE ON A Mission FROM Gop

An excellent possibility for a crossover campaign
is the missionary band. Thére's no reason that various
supernaturals who have received the calling might not
work together to spread the faith. Lupines and vampires
make a potent though highly unlikely group (since
werewolves, asa rule don't follow any human religion),
combining the battle-prowess of the Garou with the
oratory abilities of the Kindred. Risen witnesses to the
need for salvation can provide'combat power and
daylight protection for a vampiric missionary group, as
can ghouls or sorcerers. As always, crossovers are run at
the Storyteller's risk; there is no guarantee that such a
group will have a balanced selection of powers and
abilities.

CHARACTER CONCEPT

Character concept really varies depending on the nature
of the game. Whatever the case, remember that there's a great
deal of variety within even the most stereotypical of Scandi-
navian roles. A straightforward warrior can be crass or cultured,
thoughtful or brash, eager or retiring, cheerful or glum. Just as
all priests, merchants, monks and nobles aren't the same,
neither are all Norse warriors. To use an example from Greek
myth, Akhilleus, Odysseus and Nestor Horse-breaker would
have very similar capabilities, but they are very, very different
people. Think about the conditions in which your character
grew up, what his life experiences were like, and what his
attitude towards societal expectations is, and you'll soon find
him differentiated from the rest of the group. Did your charac-
ter hope to go a-Viking with his older brothers, or was he an
only child who took up saga to fill his time? Was your character
a fledgling walkurie, or did she always plan on marrying for
position? Any given Norseman is likely to have spent some
time as a farmer, herder or dairyman; did your character take
up the sword and ax for money, for fame, from societal pressure,
or out of desperation?

Also, take some time to think of less stereotypical charac-
ters. The High North wasn't populated entirely with burly,
ale-swilling refugees from the ranks of Alexsandr Neusky's
Teutonic Knights. There were just as many scholars, mystics,
peddlers, monks, missionaries, farmers, minstrels, widows,
horse-breeders and fishermen as anywhere else in Europe.

PERSONALITY AND GOALS

Much has already been said of Scandinavians and their
culture in general, but each character needs a unique impres-
sion. Certainly, the image of the tall and blond-bearded
Viking warrior is a compelling one; still, the Norse are as
eclectic as any other people. Even Scandinavian names and
epics give insight into the individualism of the Norse.


A typical Scandinavian's surname shows a great deal
about his personal characteristics. While many Norsemen
simply took the names of their fathers ("Eriksson,"
"Haraldsdatter,"), others gained names through their person-
alities, deeds or physical appearance. Surnames like Runewise,
Trollbane and Forkbeard set apart the many Hrolfs and
Gunnars. Indeed, the acquisition of a surname may have
something to do with acharacter's particular Abilities, Merits,
Flaws or deeds in a prelude.

Remember, too, that Norsemen are not all pillaging,
ravaging bestial raiders. Certainly, the desire for glory and
wealth drove many a-Viking, but just as many Scandinavians
are explorers, settlers or merchants. An einherjar has even
more motivations to travel: Uncovering one's Sire or more
information about one's capabilities is a staple of vampiric
questing, and valorous Norse vampires may take it upon
themselves to raid and pillage among their unliving fellows in
search of the potent blood that cannot be matched by mere
gold and silver. Conversely, with the powers of the Disci
plines, a Norseman can easily set himself (or herself!) up as
janl, a powerful leader of a community that in turn suppo!
other einherjar with blood and protection. Fora Viking with all
of eternity ahead, the potential long-term goals are numerous
and varied.

Of course, the picture of Viking warriors emerges pre-
cisely because of the preeminence of the stereotype. No
Viking chronicle is complete without at least a few blood-
thirsty and competitive ax-swinging madmen. Regardless of
their other traits, the Norse are passionate creatures, full of
conviction and action. Where other cultures may prize schol-
arship and contemplation, the Norse value learning through
experience. Scandinavian characters are always in motion; to
die in battle or in a mighty quest is the epitome of the
legendary hero. A Scandinavian vampire is even more terri-
fying because of the powerful urges of frenzy and the Beast, but
the berserks of mortal Vikings can even stand beside the rages
of the einherjar. This unequaled lust for life should be reflected
in all characters, even the most insightful and passive; a true
Norseman's blood always runs hot, despite the cold winter.

NAMES

The Norse have many and varied names. "Joe the Viking"
doesn't make any sense for a Scandinavian character, espe-

cially given the importance of names to the Vikings. While

one's personal name is a mark of individuality, one's family or
deed name is a recollection of an important heritage or past.

Not only do the Norse use personal names, but they keep
names for families ("Gunnarsson" for the son of Gunnar), and
they alsoadoptplace-namesand deed-names ("Aud of Uppsala"
or "Eirik the Kinslayer"). In addition, the Norse use fanciful
names for their tools and trades: "Steel-bite" could refer to a
sword, while "mead of Odin" refers to poetry. Viking charac-
ters should have carefully chosen names, and any sagaman
worth his salt certainly indulges in poetic expression.


Norse GIVEN NAMES
Men's Names Women's Names
Agnar Leif Asa
Asmund Nial Aud
Ali Odd Bera
Bjorn Olaf Bergthora
Brand Ottar Brynhild
Egil Ragnar Edda
Eirik Ragnvald Freydis
Eyolf Rollo Gudrid
Frakki Rolf Hallgard
Frodi Sigmund Hild
Grim Sigurd Hildirid
Gunnar Snorri Ingeborg
Gyrd
Hafgrim
Halfdan
Harald

Sven Ingegerd
Thorbjom Isgerd
Thorliev Kara
Thorfinn
Hasting Tjodolf
Hedin Ubbe
Hogni Ulfe
Ulfhedin
Inge Valthjof
Ivar Volund Thorgerd
Jarnskeggi Thorhilda
Jetmund Unn

Ketil Veetild

Kostbera

Nauma
Ragnhild
Sigrid

Hrani Svanvit

Thorborg

ABILITIES,
HCKGROUNDS,
ISCIPLINES ANI]
OADS

NEw SKILLS

SAGAMAN

This skill covers the ability to compose and recite epic
poetry in the traditional Norse style. It also covers knowledge
of Scandinavian historical legend, religious practices, kennings
and aphorisms. A skilled skald (bard) commands much respect
and can find a seat in any hall, either reciting saga or compos-
ing the story of the hall's lord.

WOLVES OF THE SEH

Novice: Youknow how thatstory goes. Itstarts, umO....
Practiced: You know the plots of the major sagas. You
rarely forget or stumble during recitations.

Competent: You know all the major sagas, and your
storytelling is good enough to earn you a living.
Expert: You know all the major sagas and some of the
minor ones as well. You're skilled enough to tailor the
story to the audience during recitations, and you never
stumble over words. You have authored or composed
sagas that entered general use.
Master: Know Hrolf's Saga Kraka? You should think
so, you wrote it!
Legend: You taught Snorri everything he knew.
Possessed by: skalds, Toreadors, lords retired to a life of
leisure, men eager for women's attention
Specialties: heroic sagas, family sagas, sagas of a region,
improvisation, composition, recitation, spoken, written

SHIPWRIGHT

Atits heart, the shipwright skill is the ability to repair and
build ships. It also governs the ability to assess a ship's capabil-
ity and value. Shipwrights can select the proper timber, cut
and lay out frames and keels, use ax and adz to shape the wood
to the proper thickness, caulk, patch and otherwise repair
damage to ships.

Regardless of the shipwright's skill, ships made from
inferior materials or repaired with inadequate tools are inferior
to those made with the proper materials and tools.

° Novice: You can caulk and use an adz.
You know how to graduate the width of
and shape the keel.

oe Practice
the timber
Competent: You can builda ship from the ground up.
Expert: Your ships are durable and swift. Your work is
highly sought after.
Master: The greatest warchiefs give you silver from their
arms and feast you just to ask you to work for them.
eeeceelegend: They've been buying your ships since you
made them out of reeds.
Possessed by: shipwrights, merchants, sailors, Vikings
Specialties: drakkars, knorrs, new construction, repairs in
the field, repairs in a slipway

New KNOWLEDGES

Law

Law is an extremely important skill in the Norse world.
The character knows the intricacies of litigation, including
how to press suits, name witnesses, how to evaluate and press
for damages, when to sue and how to find an advocate and
retain his services for a reasonable fee. Law also covers the
character's understanding of thing procedures, how to gather a
good following, and how best to speak before the thing.


Dabbler: You've watched a suit pressed.
Student: You know the proper procedures for naming
witnesses and pressing suits. You're the equal of an
Icelandic farmer.
Learned: You know what the proper form really
means. People seek legal advice from you all the
time. You could match an Icelandic godi.
Scholar: People come from near and far to seek youraid.
Savant: You used to talk to Njal about legal matters
all the time.

¢ 00 ¢ Visionary: Now when the All-father handed down the
law to you, he was quite specific on its meaning.

Possessed by: godi, lords, jarls, karls, everyone in Iceland
over the age of 12

Specialties: manslaughter, seeking damages, procuring
advocacy, arbitrating disputes, avoiding Outlawry

RuNe-LoreE

The runes are a secret language and a hidden power.
Many men can shape a few crude letters, but true understand-
ing of the runes brings wisdom. For a simple warrior, the runes
are a means of communication and of leaving a name. To the
rune-wise, the characters bespeak magic, art and control.

Dabbler: You can recognize and read a couple of runes.
Student: You can carve a couple of runes, and read
haltingly.
Learned: You know how to carve your name in the
runes, and you can read others' rune-work.
Scholar: Embossing and detail are your handiwork.
Your rune-shaping is clear and precise.
Savant: Rune-shaping is an art in your hands, the
runes tools for mystery and beauty. You carve epics
with ease and embellish any surface with the gentle
grace of your work.
eeeeee Visionary: Nine days you hung, impaled, before you
grasped the secret of the runes...
Possessed by: Sorcerers, madmen, gods
Specialties: embossing, reading, rune-shaping, enchant-
ments, clarity, speed

SEAMANSHIP

Seamanship covers ship-handling and sea lore. Seaman-
ship is the ability to navigate a ship on both open sea and
waterways. Seamanship also governs the character's ability to
find the ship's latitude and his knowledge of sea-routes, which
are primarily navigated by landmark. This ability also covers


incidental skills related to ships like rope handling, load-
balancing, portaging and the like.
Dabbler: If you're lost, you sail east. That's the
direction where the sun comes up.
Student: You're nota regular navigator, but you have
some sea lore.
Learned: You can navigate the major routes of the
Baltic and the North Atlantic.
Scholar: You know the sea routes from Greenland to
Gibraltar.
Savant: You've been sailing for longer than most
people have been alive, and you know the Atlantic,
Baltic and Mediterranean like the back of your hand.
¢¢ 000 Visionary: You've sailed the seaways from Vinland
to Cathay.
Possessed by: Vikings, merchants, shipwrights, fisher-
men, missionaries, Saint Brendan

Specialties: the Baltic, the North Atlantic, rivers, the
open ocean, coastal navigation, portages

New BACKGROUNDS
FAME

This background reflects the degree to which your
character's reputation has spread among the halls of men and
across the great whale road. For good or ill, characters who
have great fame are be more likely to have their actions

marked than those who are unknown. Also, famous characters
have an easier time guesting, finding positions at tables and in
ships, and getting the attentions of the opposite sex. Fame is
also the measure by which most Scandinavians measure per-
sonal success, and a famous adventurer with nothing more
than the shirt on his back will be given precedence over atich
man with a great hall who has done no deeds of note.
° You have a certain degree of local fame in your district.
*e —Youare famous locally, and some men from far away
know your deeds.
You are famous regionally, and those who travel
often have probably heard of you, though the tales
they hear may be grossly distorted.
You are famous throughout Scandinavia, and most
skalds know of your doings.
You are a legend in your own (un)lifetime. Every
man from Vinland to Uppsala knows who you are.

New Discipiines
BErar's SKIN

Animalism 2, Protean 4

According to legend, some berserks take on the fearsome
aspect of bears while in the midst of battle-rage. Though not
apability have
mastered the means to simulate the bear's skin, granting

all einherjar are truly berserks, those with thi

additional toughness and a fearsome visage.


System: The einherjar must be in a frenzy before using this
power. The player expends one Blood Point. Over the next
few seconds, the vampire's muscles twist and bulge, and heavy
fursprouts everywhere that he normally has hair. The vampire's
maw widens, becoming capable of biting through limbs, while
his skin becomes thick and unfeeling. While in this state, the

einherjar gains two additional dice on all Strength and Stamina
rolls, including soaking damage; the thick fur even protects
against sunlight (the Stamina bonus applies to soak rolls
against sunlight). Once invoked, the Bear's Skin remains as
long as the character is in frenzy.

This power costs 18 experience points to learn.

FENRIR'S TALONS

Fortitude 2, Protean 2

Many of the vargr of the frozen north rely upon their
superlative hunting skills, combined with the natural weaponry
provided by the Talons of the Beast power, in order to hunt.
After all, the innate claws furnished by the Protean Discipline
cannot be lost or stolen. Some particularly ferocious vampires,
however, augment their natural armament with talons more
befitting Fenris Wolf, the great lupine adversary of the gods.
Talons half a foot long, nearly unbreakable and almost metallic
in color are the weapons of these einherjar.

System: Whenever the einherjar activates the Talons of the
Beast Discipline, he sprouts dark grayish claws a full six inches
long, instead of the typical inch-long nails of the Discipline.

These rending weapons inflict Strength + 3 aggravated damage
in close combat, and as long as they remain attached to the
vampire in question, they are nearly indestructible; with suffi-
cient strength (or Potence), the vampire can cleave through
steel armor, wooden walls and stonework (anything that could be
broken with up to ten Strength successes can be broken with
these claws, without damaging them). On the down side, the
vampire suffers a two-dice penalty to all Dexterity tasks requiring
fine manipulation as long as the talons are manifest.
Developing Fenrir's Talons costs 12 experience points.

‘WINTERING

Animalism 4, Fortitude 2

In the deep winters of Scandinavia, many animals con-
serve their food supplies and sleep through much of the cold
and hungry night. Norse vampires can sometimes emulate this
feat, sleeping during the long periods when game is scarce but
awakening later. By "wintering" (although the ability can
actually be used at any time), the einherjar preserves her stores
of blood, so that she is still able to survive for several days upon
waking before needing to hunt again.

System: A vampire voluntarily entering torpor may use
this ability to conserve stores of blood for later use upon
awakening. The vampire must roll Stamina + Survival (diffi-
culty 8). Each success allows the vampire to retain one Blood
Point, despite remaining in torpor, up to the limit of her
current Blood Pool. Thus, ifan einherjar with this power enters

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


torpor voluntarily with three Blood Points and rolls one
success, then she awakens with one Blood Point saved; if she
had rolled four successes, she would have awakened with three
Blood Points saved. The use of this power does not mean that
the blood cannot be stolen by Thaumaturgy or attack while
the vampire sleeps; it simply allows the vampire to store blood
that would normally be consumed during torpor.

Learning this power requires 18 experience points.

New Rosps
Tue Via EnvyersAr

The Via Einherjar, the Road of the Slain, teaches strict
adherence to the Norse ethic of personal responsibility, cour-
age in the face of adversity and individual initiative. This road
is usually followed by Scandinavian warriors who choose to
cling to the trappings of their civilization, rather than becom-
ing vargr like so many others.

The followers of the Road of the Einherjar believe that by
following the codes of behavior hallowed by the All-Father
and the Norse tradition, they can master the Beast through
courage and iron self-discipline. Many are the followers of the
Einherjar's Road who have died at the doors to their halls,
forcing themselves to watch the sun rise without fear.

The followers of the Road of the Einherjar are neither
"virtuous" nor "good" in the sense of the more humane or
honorable vampires of certain other Roads. They are brutal,
direct, crass, self-serving, and often intolerable except to those
they respect. To their true friends, they are loyal to the death
and would willingly give their last possessions. Those who are
not their friends are objects to be beaten, scorned, cheated,
robbed, raped or challenged until they prove their worth.

The Road of the Einherjar teaches the Virtues of Self-
Control and Conviction.

ROAD OF THE EINHERJAR
HIERARCHY OF SINS

Road Rating Minimum Wrongdoing
for Conviction Roll

Stealing or cheating.

Not challenging a weak leader.
Begging or otherwise asking for help.
Failing to kill for reasons of conscience.
Failing to boast and spread tales of youractions.
Hoarding or otherwise miserly actions.
Performing an "unmanly" act, such as
making a brag and failing to fulfill it.
Showing fear or hesitation in the face of peril.

Running away from danger. Breaking a
sworn oath.

Backing down from a challenge.

ee

SEF.

en,


Tue Via FEsIRGARO

Those truly touched by the gods, to whom the natural
world is constantly filled with spirits and portents, abide by the
codes handed down from the oldest sagas and lays. The gods
must be appeased, and the proper forms obeyed, if men are to
live in harmony with the natural world. Of course, for vam-
pires, matters are somewhat different — the "natural world" is
no longer their place. Still, the old ways and traditions must be
upheld, and supernatural strength and longevity are no ward
against the Norns; even the gods are subject to fate.

The Via Asirgard is similar to the Road of Heaven, in
that it is religious in focus. However, the Viking concepts of
"holiness" and "sin" are far different from those of their
Christian counterparts. A Viking reviles cowardice or lying,
but has little compunctions about rape, robbery or killing in
war or challenges. Conversely, a "pious" man is not necessarily
a weak follower of the pale Christ-god, but rather a devout
student of the ways of the gods and a master of runes and sagas.

To properly follow the Via A'sirgard, a Norseman must
embrace the power of runes, the workings of the Nornsand the
hidden machinations of the gods. The virtues espoused by the
Viking warriors are necessary and proper in a harsh land, and
only the valorous shall survive to fight in Ragnarok. The wise
man seeks to spread the sagas so that truth may be known, and
encourages others to acts of bravery and honor so that more

Roab OF FESIRGARO

HIERARCHY OF SINS

Road Rating Minimum Wrongdoing
for Conviction Roll
Failing to show respect to the gods or
to men of devout wisdom.
Failing to speak out against cowardice,
treachery, dishonor, etc.
Being motivated by compassion, gluttony
(as for blood) or fear.
Stealing from, lying to or cheating
friends or allies.
Causing harm to a devout and virtuous
person (by Viking standards).
Feeding from a devout person without
permission.
Blasphemous or heretical acts (des-
ecrating an image of Ponar or Odin,
supporting the worship of the Christ-god).
Allowingacrime ormajoractoftreach-
ery or dishonor to go unpunished.
Committing hidden murder or be-
traying allies.
Aiding a demon, troll, jotun or other
supernatural servant of evil.

warriors might stand in Valhal in the end-times. Always, the
followers of Via Asirgard seek to best the enemies of men and
gods: the jotuns, the trolls and giants of legend, who seek to
corrupt and overtake Middle-Gard.

The Via A'sirgard teaches the virtues of Self-Control and
Conviction.

Merits AND
FLAws

FAPTITUDES

Recommended — Jack-Of-All-Trades, Uneducated
Prohibited — None

FAWARENESS

Recommended — One Eye
Prohibited — None

‘VAMPIRE TIES

Recommended — Boon, Special Gift, Reputation, Infa-
mous Sire

Prohibited — None

MENTAL

Recommended — Iron Will, Self-Confidence
Prohibited — Confused, Absent-minded

Morrat SocteTy

Recommended — Manse [fora Hall], Noble, Known to be
Dead

Prohibited — Church Rank [only before the
Christianization], Institutional Control

KENNING-WiISE (2 pr Merit)

You are educated in the traditional wisdom-sayings,
kennings and stock phrases of Norse poetry. Your difficulty is
lowered by one when you are attempting to appear wise to
those who respect the old traditions, and when reciting or
composing saga. You may try to use common folk wisdom for
advice; roll Intelligence + Sagaman, difficulty 7, to remember
an aphorism that's particularly appropriate to the situation,
although such information is neither prophetic nor necessarily
useful.

Drakkar (2 pt Merit)

You own a drakkar, a longship suitable for carrying men a-
Viking. It isn't what you'd call comfortable, and it can't carry
much more than ten or fifteen tons of cargo, but it's fast,
durable, seaworthy and perfect for swift raiding. Drakkars have
full length keels for good handling, but are very shallow (most
are less than 6 feet from the bottom of the keel to the top of the


gunwale). They can thus traverse almost any river navigable
to flatboats. Longships are normally propelled by the sail, with
the oars reserved for emergencies or river travel. The ship is
steered by a large rudder on the side (not the stern), and is
surprisingly maneuverable — the Scandinavians used a tack-
ing boom that lets the ship sail across or even close to the wind.
The crew varies between 24 and 48, and the ship can be tented
for sleeping on the open ocean. Drakkars tend to ship water a
lot, so the more men the better.

Kworr (3 Pont Merit)

You own knot, a larger fortn "of longship than thé
drakkar, and better for mercantile ventures than raiding. A
knorr can carry between 20 and 40 tons, and has a crew of
between 12 and 24. Knorrs draw slightly more water than the
drakkar, and tend to take less over the gunwale. They are also
wider in the beam, making them slightly less seaworthy and
abitslower. Finally, they have substantially fewer oars and less
seating for auxiliary oarsmen, making them less suitable for
traveling hundred of miles upstream to pillage, burn and trade
than the drakkar. You can still sack seaside communities or
engage in piracy with a knorr of course, the ship just isn't
designed specifically for it.

VENGEFUL Famity (3 pr Merit)
You have an awful lot of brothers, cousins and uncles, and
your family has a reputation for sticking together through

WOLVES OF THE SEH

thick and thin. Whenever you interact with Scandinavians,
you have an extra die on social interactions involving intimi-
dation or intervention in violent situations. If enthralled or
captured, your family is likely to buy your freedom. Also, ifyou
are killed (or put to the Final Death), your relatives are likely

to pursue a feud with your murderer, though that may be of

small consolation to you. Note that this Merit doesn't protect
you from your own kin. You mightall stick together against the
outside world, but internal family politics are a different matter
entirely!

OurseoKEN PAGAN/CHRISTIAN
4 pt Fraw)

You are an outspoken believer in the Norse pantheon or,
if before the conversion of Scandinavia, the Christian god.
This flaw can and often should be taken with True Faith. This
causes you all sorts of social problems, not the least of which are
murder attempts by those who have beliefs in opposition to
your own. Note that outspoken Christians are still outspoken
Norse Christians. You are expected to holmgang for Jesus if you
believe in him so much. Don't laugh, it happened in the real
world.

PHYSICAL

Recommended — Huge Size, Lame, One Arm, Perma-
nent Wound

Prohibited — Deformity


PERSONALITY

Recommended — Code of Honor (Norse Warrior Ethic),
Berserker, Prey Exclusion (Women) [if male], Overconfident,
Territorial, Vengeance

Prohibited — None

Fear.ess Ferociry (2 pt Merit)

When youare confronted with fear or terror, you bulwark
yourself with anger. Instead of entering Rétschreck, you may
choose to enter a rage frenzy when confronted with fire,
sunlight or other challenges to your courage. However, if you
choose to enter frenzy in this fashion, you may not use
Willpower to control your madness.

Watkarte (2 pt Merit)

This Merit is permitted for female characters only. You
chose to assume the traditionally male role of warrior in
Scandinavian society. More importantly, you've already killed
several notable men in holmganga over it, and your status is
thus accepted. You have more trouble with men and women
trying to woo you to their bed than with young warriors trying
to prove their masculinity by killing you. Add one to all social
dice pools in Scandinavian cultures; men and women alike
respect your prowess.

SUPERNATURAL

Recommended — Luck, Dark Fate
Prohibited — Repulsed by Garlic

Lupine Kinsuip (3/5/7 et Merit)

You have acordial relationship with one or more Lupines
(probably Get of Fenris). This may be because you helped
them in a feud, sheltered them during Outlawry, are consid-
ered a heroic warrior, or simply because you made friends with
them. Whatever the case, while they won't necessarily show
up to help you ina fight (that level of trust is a function of role-
playing), they won't come tear you limb from limb some

* morning when they're bored.

For three points, you know of one particular Lupine, who
considers you tolerable company. You may occasionally swap
stories or help each other out with minor favors, but neither
of your respective sides appreciates such a relationship, so you
must act in secret. You don't necessarily see eye-to-eye, but
you at least have a mutual understanding.

For five points, you have one Lupine ally, and the rest of
his pack (a small sort of family of werewolves) know of your
relationship. Although your existence and friendship is not
always condoned, you won't necessarily be killed on sight by
one of your friends' packmates. Very likely, your relationship
is tolerated only as long as you are useful, so although you can
get favors from your primary ally, you'd best give the same in
return. You should also have a Fame rating of at least ** to
show that you are known and respected for your deeds —

otherwise, you'd never have done anything noteworthy enough
to allay the suspicions of the Lupines.

For seven points, you have a bit of a reputation among the
Lupines of the High North. Perhaps you are considered a
powerful and righteous warrior, or maybe you helped an entire
pack in a time of need. Whatever the case, you can call upon
the aid of a particular Lupine ally (as with the lower levels of
this Merit), and his pack tolerates your company. Among
other Lupines, you may be granted safe passage (or you may
not) — the difficulty of all Social rolls with the Lupines in the
High North is lowered by one, as long as they recognize who
you are. Such a luminous standing among the Lupines is
exceptional for an afterganger, and you and your Storyteller
should certainly work out the details of the momentous his-
torical event that brought about this partnership — your
character must certainly have skills and powers that are able to
justify his participation in a disaster where he was able to aid
an entire group of werewolves. You should have a Fame rating
of at least ¢¢ © to represent your participation in such heroic
events.

Conversely, a good reputation with the Get of Fenris in
Scandinavia doesn't necessarily help you out with the Fianna
of Ireland. In general, this Merit simply indicates that the usual
rampant hatred of vampires is allayed somewhat by the actions
of your character on behalf of a certain individual or group.
Obviously, such meritorious behavior is beyond the pale for
most einherjar, and Storytellers certainly are under no obliga-
tion to allow this Merit to disrupt their chronicles, or to allow
it at all. Needless to say, this Merit cannot be taken with the
Lupine Enmity Flaw.

SECOND Sicut G pr Merit)

Yousee beyond the shroud of Middle-gard, to perceive the
creatures that work beyond the ken of normal men. Perhaps
you had this sight while alive; maybe your new condition
brought it about. Either way, you know the wiles of the
hulderfolk, and you can spot the dverge and the troll, even
when they hide from the eyes of other men. The sounds in the
tushes are the pukje giggling, and the waves on the beach are
caused by the stirrings of the ocean's great linnorm.

In game terms, you are unaffected by the illusions used by
many of the creatures that live on the edge of man's world. You
see the true forms of elves, dwarves and other strange beings,
and you can sometimes even perceive the shapes of powerful
spirits (with a Perception + Occult roll, difficulty 8). This
power always functions, and costs you nothing — except
perhaps your sanity, as you realize that the trusted advisor of
the jarl is really a wily dark alfar, or that the gigantic armored
foe of your friends is a disguised troll. If you use Changeling:
The Dreaming, your character automatically sees all Chimera
and Seemings, although they do not necessarily affect him.
unless he is enchanted (though that won't stop him from.
reacting as if they're real!).

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

a BAG ees


ForESIGHTED (4 pt Merit)

You are prescient, meaning that you are minutely aware
of the workings of fate and have a disturbingly accurate ability
to predict the future. Unfortunately, there is no way to control
this gift. When you pick this Merit, you must immediately
choose the Difficulty for the roll to experience your prescient
flashes, from 4 to 8. Whenever you want, you may spend a
temporary Willpower and roll your Intelligence, with a diffi-
culty equal to the one you chose when you picked the merit.
If you succeed, you can pester the Storyteller for information
about which course to take next. Because this Merit is in many
ways quite detrimental to the character, the Storyteller should
try to give you a pretty good answer in compensation. The
more successes you achieve, the more complete your aware-
ness of the future. If you botch the roll to see the future, you
see something terrible and (like all future events) impossible
to avert.

On the downside, whenever you would gain back one or
more Willpower points, you must roll your Intelligence with
the difficulty you chose when you bought this Merit. If you
score any successes, you fail to gain back one Willpower point.
If you fail the roll, there is no penalty, but if you botch the
check, you gain no Willpower and in fact lose a point of
temporary Willpower.

Rune-wisk (5 pr Merit)

You grasped the secret of the runes during your mortal life.
Asa result, you have the ability to perform magic by carving
the runes and enchanting them with sacrifices of your blood
and power. You may buy hedge magic paths from World of
Darkness: Sorcerer both during character generation (with
freebie points only) or after character generation (with expe-
rience, as normal) at the cost listed in Sorcerer. You may learn
any hedge magic path up to your level of ability in Rune-Lore
(see the new Knowledges, above). You must spend time to
activate these paths just as if you were anormal sorcerer, but
instead of expending Willpower, you must use Blood Points
to complete your spells. You carve the runes in delicate rituals
to call your magic; a rune-shaper cannot simply "cast a spell,"
but must rather painstakingly craft the effect. You know only
Scandinavian magic, and may not buy the Alchemy, Conju-
ration, Conveyance, Hellfire, or Summoning, Binding and
Warding (Material) paths, nor may you learn Thaumaturgy
paths or rituals without learning Thaumaturgy as a discipline
in the regular fashion, including the need for a tutor. Face it,
you're (probably) not a Tremere.

Note specifically that your magic is not the same as mortal
sorcery. Instead, you call upon the power inherent in the runes
and invoke it through your own supernatural blood. Because
you must unlock the secrets of this strange power yourself, you
cannot learn other forms of mortal magic — the spaework of
the living no longer functions for you, and you must instead
use your unliving energy. Conversely, your methods of rune-

WOLVES OF THE SEA


casting do not function when used by mortals, who do not
have the power of your blood.

A mortal character may possess this Merit; in such a case,
the individual casts the appropriate rituals using the normal
tules from World of Darkness: Sorcerer. The cost of this
Merit simply emphasizes the rarity of Norse rune-casters.

True Berserk (5 pr Merir)

They advanced without mail-coats, and were as frenzied
as dogs or wolves; they bit their shields; they were as strong as
bears or boars; they struck men down, but neither fire nor steel
could mark them. This was called the Berserk Rage.

— Accounted by Snorri Sturluson

You are a true Berserk, and the battle-fury that is Odin's
gift to brave men runs thick in you. Even with the Beast within
you, you must take some time to make the wod rise and give
yourself over to the war-joy. You may do this by gashing
yourself with a knife, burning yourself, or gnawing on the edge
of your shield, the scabbard of your sword, or the haft of your
ax. When you are berserk, you add two dice to your strength,
add one die to your stamina, and gain three Bruised health
levels. Also, while berserk, your wound penalties are reduced
by two dice, so you suffer no hindrance from injury until you
teach the Crippled health level. Berserk lasts for the duration
of the scene, or until you spend three turns calming down away
from combat or other strenuous physical activity.

Berserks may not wear armor while they are berserk (and
will shed such armor if entering a berserk), nor may they enter

a berserk when not in human form, or stay there if they lose

their human form — they instead immediately fall into a
Frenzy. Berserks are generally fairly controlled, though anyone
interposing himself between a berserk warrior and the warrior's
chosen target will be casually struck aside. Berserks cannot
Frenzy or enter Rétschreck while berserk, and conversely
cannot enter their berserk state if in Frenzy or Rétschreck.
Those catching a glimpse of a berserk out of the corner of their
eyes during battle often mistake the fierce warriors for bears.

Law-Bounp (2 pt Fiaw)

Despite your supernatural existence, you are bound by the
strictures of the law, and you can be sued for your unnatural
acts. Ifcalled before a court, even an informal tribunal, youcan
be sentenced to Outlawry, banished, or possibly even forced
into torpor in your grave. You may choose to flee the area
instead of submitting yourself to judgment, but you cannot
return to the area for at least several years. This flaw iscommon
among Icelandic vampires.

Lupine Enmiry (4 pt Fraw)

For some reason, the Get of Fenris are hungry for you.
Perhaps you've made your presence too obvious or killed a
Lupine in a duel. Maybe the skinchangers just don't like you
(moreso than their usual dislike for vampires). Whatever the
case, there is at least one pack looking for you. You cannot
travel abroad without fear for your safety, and werewolf Kin-
folk are a constant menace to your ghouls. If you have a hall,
invest in fire protection. This Flaw cannot be taken with the
Lupine Kinship Merit.



Much have woe told you, ve will fell
you moce,

its important that you knovo if, de
you voant fo knove more?

— The Ghort Vatuspa


Unlife in the far North brings unique difficulties due to
the odd seasons and aggressive activities of mortals. Without
strict adherence to the Silence of Blood, and with a proud
heritage, Norse einherjar often live amongst their more human
fellows as lords and warriors, eschewing the delicate manipu-
lations of Europe. Balancing tradition and duty with the wildly
long or short nights of the region and the hunt for blood takes
a skilled and willful vampire. All together, these differences
from the southern lands mean that Scandinavian vampires
have some unusual activities and habits, which in turn require
explanation if the Storyteller is to exploit them as story
elements.

Of course, Viking vampires still use the same clans and
Disciplines as other Children of Caine. However, they have
very different sorts of followers, and the tools of their culture
—theships, customs and practices of Scandinavia—are quite
different from anything else in Dark Ages, and as such merit
detail.

THE WINTER

For the Norse vampire, winter is a time of freedom and
celebration. The sun remains hidden and the vampire has
many hours free of sunlight to enjoy. As long as the sun
remains below the horizon, a vampire doesn't feel the need to
restand can remain active. In the far reaches of the North, this
means that some vargr never sleep during the winter.

Winter lasts from around mid-September to about mid-
April and the sun spends a steadily decreasing amount of time
in the sky. During the Spring and Fall Equinoxes, the day has
a 12 hour day/night split; but, by Midwinter, the night lasts 16
hours. The farther north one goes, the longer the night lasts,
until at the northern edge of Norway the only sign of day is a
few hours of twilight.

Month-long nights herald unparalleled freedom for many
aftergangers, but as with many novelties among the unliving,
the advantages of constant activity often wear thin. While a
Scandinavian vampire is more than capable of staying awake
for the entirety of the near-endless nights, actually remaining
awake and active for several months on end may prove trying.
Ennui and lassitude invariably set in, as the changelessness of
the night continues. Vampires who seek entertainment and
diversion turn to ever more grisly and outrageous pursuits,
fashioning elaborate games and manipulations to keep their
interest. Those who take the time to relax and rest soon
succumb to common vampiric paranoia, fearing that others of
their kind make use of the time in their schemes. For the weak-
willed vampire, or one without companionship and constant
activity, madness often results, even after only a few months
of darkness.

A cunning vampire makes good use of the uninterrupted
time in the far North's winter nights. By remaining active, a
vampire avoids the pall of boredom. Since vampires in unend-
ing night have no need of sleep, they can easily work around

WOLVES OF THE SEA


Lonc4NiGuts

Remaining awake for long hours during the winter
is hardly astrain fora vampire. A vampire feels no need
to rest; even activity for long periods causes no ill
effects. In the farthest reachés of the North, where the
winter night never ends, a vargr may well do without
sleep for "days" on end. Insueh cases, the vampire still
suffers the draining of blood, losing one Blood Point for
every full rotation of the earth (24 hours) since the last
setting of the sun.

their mortal foes or puppets, putting the extra eight to twelve
hours per day to good use. Extra hunting time means that the
search for blood can be more leisurely and drawn out, if the
vampire has a reliable source. Plots against enemies can now
be executed over the long coutse of many evenings strung
together, instead of in small nightly increments. Best of all, for
the vampire who strives to learn, study and experiment,
research and reading are conducted in uninterrupted contem-
plation.

Winter isn't all good, however, since sources of blood
become scarce, particularly for the outlaws in the woods and
mountains. Additionally, the temperature drops and the vam-
pire risks suffering the effects of exposure, especially since
clothing provides little protection for the unliving. A vampire
caught out of doors and without some kind of heat or shelter
begins to suffer the effects of extreme cold (see Vampire: The
Dark Ages pg. 201) within an hour. The more powerful vargr
choose torpor during the cold months, waiting for the warmth
and better hunting of spring.

WINTER FEEDING

For the vampire, the first concern of the winter must be

blood supply. At the festival marking the arrival of winter,
held on the Fall Equinox, there is a butchering of beasts too
weak to survive the coming months. Typically, a vampire
makes every effort to fill up during this celebration. However,
since the next festival celebration isn't until Midwinter, it is
unlikely for this festival alone to suffice.

Inacommunity where the vampire is the jarl the people
keep a few of the weaker beasts alive. These help keep the jarl
fed during the early months of the winter and tide her over
until the Yule festival of Midwinter. From the Yule festival
until the arrival of Spring, the vampire jarl must rely on thralls
or her people for food until the snows melt and the crops are
planted.

Where a vampire hides in the community, feeding be-
comes difficult with the onset of the snowy nights. During the
cold winter, the halls are full of fire and people. The livestock
are in barns, typically attached to the homes of the owners.
Wich easy prey hard to find, a vampire trying to sneak a meal

must take extra care. Should the Storyteller simply choose to
use rolls to resolve hunts, the vampire suffers a one-point
increase in difficulty for hunting under these conditions.

For the vargr in the wild, survival is a desperate matter.
The large game animals and such that typically make up the
vargr's diet are in hiding or have migrated away. The weaker
vargr sustain themselves with rabbits and other outlaws. Some
find a remote community and plague it during the winter
months, using its blood to survive the inhospitable snows.
Many others migrate south with the herds, coming into
conflict with other vampires who do the same (or who make
their homes in the southerly lands).

HUNTING IN THE WINTER WILDS

A vargr in the wild has few options for blood during the
winter months. Those with Animalism can use Noah's Call to
summon potential meals, generally creatures of two to four
Blood Points. A Perception + Survival roll against a difficulty
of 9 allows a vargr to find enough small animals to restore one
Blood Point for each success. Lastly, a vargr can restore one die
roll's worth of Blood Points by hunting in villages and hamlets
after making a successful hunting roll against a difficulty of 10
(rolling one die for each hour spent hunting). Obviously, an
afterganger with no compunctions about being caught can
easily drain one or two mortals and flee (or even stay and
fight), but since there's no guarantee of finding another meal
anytime soon, this is a risky proposition.

THE SUMMER

For a vampire, summer in the North is a time of discom-
fort. While the night is long in winter, in summer night can
disappear entirely. It is little wonder, then, that the Norse
vampires set sail for southern climes during the summer, to raid
the shores of a dark Europe, rather than risk the endless days
of the northern summer.

The summer is the reverse of winter, with fewer available
hours of activity for the einherjar. By midsummer, the night is
barely 3 hours long, and part of that is twilight. A vampire
wishing to remain active for any length of time either risks the
sun's burning touch, or travels southwards.

BritF SUMMER Eves

The primary difficulty a vampire faces when hunting in
summer is the lack of time. With only a couple of hours
available to hunt, and the dearth of large human populations
in the North, finding blood becomes a race against time.
When using the hunting rules, remember to reduce the num-
ber of dice available to the players, since most characters will
only have three hours in which to hunt. Unless the characters
are in a major trading city, the hunting difficulty should be 8
or 9.

However, for the vargr, things become a bit easier during
the summer. Game is plentiful, even with the shorter hours.
Those vargr with Animalism can use Noah's Call to summon

CHAPTER FOUR: SYSTEMS


creatures with four to six Blood Points for meals. The Percep-
tion + Survival roll to hunt animals in the woods is now
against a difficulty of 7, with each success restoring a Blood
Point.

Everything runs under the pressure of time once the
summer sets in. Norse vampires have only a few hours in which
to complete their tasks, and hunting takes up much of that
time. Some vampires attempt to remain active on cloudy days,
but as long as the sun is up, drowsiness strikes — only those
einherjar far advanced along their Roads, or possessed of great
will, can remain active. Worse still, mortals now have the
opportunity to construct their own schemes unhindered by
vampires for three quarters of the day. An afterganger exposed
to hunters now risks attack a full twenty-one hours per day.
Vampires in the northern summers must make the best pos-
sible use of their time, evading notice while hunting carefully
and still trying to make time to advance their own schemes.
Those einherjar who attempt study or long-term planning are
forced to break up their activities; Storytellers may penalize
attempts at learning or extended craftwork — improving a
Discipline, building a ship, managing a community — due to
the lack of time.

MIGRATION

During the approach of summer vargr tend to migrate
southwards into Finland and Russia. By doing so, they keep
ahead of the sun and avoid the short nights of summer. The

process reverses with the approach of winter, as the vargr
follow the night north. However, this migration is not without
danger as the vargr must travel through the wilderness typically
claimed by Lupines.

The vargraren't the only vampires to take up travel during
the summer months. Vampire jarls lead their crews on raids to
the South, keeping ahead of the sun and seeking new sources
of blood. When winter begins to approach, these crews return
home with thralls and treasures to help them through the
winter nights.

Other vampires, without access to the crews of the jarls or
the skills of the vargr, have options, too. Joining the crew of a
raiding drakkar or slipping aboard a trading knorr is risky, but
can take the afterganger to the better hunting grounds of
Europe. Unfortunately, traveling in Europe risks the wrath of
established Cainites who make their homes there, but it's
possible to lose oneself in the many small towns dotting the
countryside.

TRAVEL BY SEA

With their isolated settlements in the fjords and along the
coasts, the Norse use the sea as their primary route of travel.
Unlike the rest of Europe, travel between villages and towns is
quite common for the people of the North. Traveling a
thousand miles by sea is normal, even to a distant place like
Iceland or Greenland.


STOWAWAYS

Norse ships provide few hiding places for a vam-
pire trying to stow away, making discovery a very real
danger. The knorr is probably the safest ship for a
vampire to hide aboard, with a deck and cargo to
provide cover. The scutta and drakkar are much more
open, and a vampire hiding aboard had best hide in
"plain view" using excuses, Dominate and ghouls to
remain safe.

A crew discovering a vampire aboard acts swiftly.
Given the Norse penchant for (foolish) courage, Vi-
king warriors are unlikely to surrender or plead with a
vampire for mercy; instead, they have a disturbing
tendency to throw themselves against the threat, to
the last man. If they discover the vampire during the
day, they will attempt to bind him with ropes and
throw him overboard. If discovered at night, torches
and weapons are used in an attempt to drive the
vampire off the ship and into the sea. While drowning
isn't much ofa threat, the sun can destroy the vampire
if he cannot reach shore.

While the sea avoids the dangers of highway robbers and
mud, it provides its own obstacles. Storms, shallows, rocks,
pirates and ice all make traveling by sea something only
attempted by the brave and skilled... or by fools.

An ocean voyage provides even more challenges for a
vampire. Protection from the sun is hard to come by, particu-
larly on the open Norse longships; vampires must make
allowances to bring tents, blankets or other cover necessary to
avoid the sun. Easy sources of blood are also be difficult to find,
especially on the long ocean trips, since the einherjar cannot
risk feeding from the men too often without weakening the
sailors. Then there are the risks of falling overboard, exposure
tothe elements, and constant contact witha mortal crew. One
loss of self-control can precipitate disaster.

NAVIGATION

The Norse navigate their ships using the landmarks of the
coasts of Europe, and through oral tradition have passed down
a verbal chart from father to son. To successfully set a course
to a destination in Europe or along the coast of Africa thus
requires an Intelligence + Seamanship roll against a difficulty
of 7. When sailing the open ocean to a destination such as
Iceland or Greenland, the Norse use the sun's height to judge
latitude and the proper course. Accomplishing this requires a
Perception + Seamanship roll against a difficulty of 8, though
such a task is obviously difficult for a vampire.

Einherjar may wish to use the stars at night for navigation,
and the Norse use the North Star as a guide. By checking
against the apparent rise or fall of the North Star (since it
seems to rise as one heads north, and to drop as one heads

south), a sailor can determine rough latitude within about 200
miles. Using simple navigational tools, such as a wooden stick
with half-inch markings to check the movement of the star
against its home position, it's possible to get a latitude within
15 miles. Either way, a navigator rolls Intelligence + Seaman-
ship (or Astrology) to determine position, with a difficulty of
6 by eye and 4 with navigational aids. Determination of
latitude allows a navigator to determine whether a ship has
traveled too far north or south to reach its proper destination
point.

With a sufficient lookout, it's possible to see fairly high
land from a distance of over a hundred miles, and the Scandi-
navians made good use of this. During the day under good
conditions, observers can see great distances, making out the
peaks of mountains on the horizon. Indeed, it is even possible
for the Norse to sail from Norway to Vinland (North America)
without ever leaving sight of land for more than a day and a
half, by passing Iceland, Greenland and various north Atlantic
islands. Combining a rough map with a good navigator's sense
for latitude and direction, it's quite possible for the Norse to
make extended ocean voyages with great accuracy. Of course,
einherjar may not have the option of keeping watch by day, and
at night visibility is sharply limited even for those with the
Protean Discipline Witness of Darkness, but a simple ghoul
lookout can fill such roles adequately, especially with the
Auspex Discipline.

Norse sailors also use wind currents and sea-marks to
determine position. Since ocean winds and currents are fairly
constant, the Vikings can discern rough location simply by
feeling for the direction of the wind. Pods of whales, certain
types of fish and the presence of particular ocean kelps also
mark specific waters, and can be used as sea-markings to aid
navigation. A Viking navigator uses Perception + Seamanship
(difficulty 8) to recognize such signs and use them to deter-
mine location.

PROVISIONING

For a vampire at sea, there are a number of steps that
ensure a safe voyage. Protection from the sun isa priority, as is
asafe supply of blood. Luckily, taking care of these concerns is
part of the normal procedure for a Norse crew.

To protect themselves from the elements, Norse crews
typically include a tent, blankets and furs with the stores
aboard the ship. Normally used only at night to provide cover
ona long voyage, the tent sees much more use as protection
from the sun ona ship with a vampire jarl. The vampire aboard
still has to wrap herself in blankets and furs before taking her
rest, though, since a simple tent still lets in filtered but
dangerous sunlight, and unfortunate interruptions — such as
a sudden squall or a maritime attacker — may pitch the
vampire out into the blazing sunlight. On the larger trading
ships, though, there is the added protection of a deck.

CHAPTER FOUR: SYSTEMS


Along with tents and blankets, any stores for a long
voyage include livestock such as sheep and goats. When the
Hunger strikes, the vampire passenger can feed on these
creatures, rather than the crew. A hungry vampire may also
feed on the fish caught by the crew, although ichthyoid vitae
is particularly repellent and lacking in nourishment. Feeding
on the crew is usually a last resort for a vampire, since without
the crew the there is no chance of safely reaching the destina-
tion.

Preparations fora trip only go so far, however. Eventually,
the vampire and crew will want more than the supplies aboard
can provide. Given the ease of navigation along a coastline
and the dangers of sailing at night, it is no surprise that the
Norse have a solution for their supply problems: strandhogg.

As night approaches, or as the Hunger calls, the Norse
crew beaches the longship at a likely place on the shore to go
raiding. The odds are always good during the summer that such
a raid will find a source of food for both mortal and vampire
alike. In practice, the strandhogg often allows a longship to set
sail without any provisions at all.

Of course, such a raid is not without its own dangers,
particularly if it is against a Norse village. Once roused, the
raided village sends its warriors after the raiders. Ifnecessary, the
village launches longships of its own and may pursue for days in
an attempt to gain revenge. A skilled captain can avoid this
pursuit by hiding along the coast with a contested Wits +
Seamanship roll. Failing this roll results in a pursuit (see pg. 85).

DANGERS OF THE SEA

Storms are one of the most common dangers of travel by
sea. When a storm approaches, a Norse crew takes shelter
somewhere along the coastline to wait for it to pass. Storms
obviously include heavy rain, windsand high seas that threaten
to swamp a longship; in particularly nasty weather, snow can
accumulate and burden the sails, or hurricane winds can
literally tear apart the ship's structure. Ifno shelter is available,
or if the storm comes upon the ship too quickly, there is little
choice but to attempt to ride it out.

During the course of the storm, the crew must bail the
ship with whatever is at hand. If they can't keep up with the
water intake, the ship sinks, so this is a vital task (Dexterity +
Seamanship). As well, the captain of the ship has to control
the rudder to keep the vessel from foundering on the waves
(Strength + Seamanship). The difficulty of both of these tasks
depends of the severity of the storm.

Ina particularly fierce storm, the ship may suffer damage;
any full storm can easily break apart a drakkar and cause some
stress on a knorr. Such damage is largely beyond the capabili-
ties of the crew to prevent, and so the Storyteller should simply
roll three dice against a difficulty of the storm's severity (with
a-2 bonus to difficulty for knorrir, which bend and flex better

WOLVES OF THE SEA

STRANDHOGG AND HUNTING

Fora vampire, the strandhogg provides an excellent
opportunity to feed. Tearingopen the victims of the
raid and wallowing in theit blood is par for the course
fora berserker, so the einherjar has no trouble feeding in
battle. Certain unscrupulous einherjar may even take
prisoners to devour later.

in storms); failure indicates that the ship is heavily damaged
and must be repaired before traveling more than another day,
while a botch indicates that the ship breaks up and sinks.

Storm Severity Difficulty

Mild Squall

Rough seas & rain

Heavy winds, high seas

Full summer storm (heavy rain and wind, choppy ocean)
Full winter storm (heavy sleet or snow, hurricane winds)

Other potential dangers, particularly when sailing at
night along the coast, include shallow water and rocks covered
by the tide. During the day, seeing these hazards is fairly easy.
However, seeing these hazards at night is more difficult (Per-
ception + Seamanship with a difficulty of 7). Using the
Protean Discipline Witness of Darkness can make it alot easier
to sail at night by eliminating the need to make a roll.

Failing to make the roll to avoid shallows or rocks results
in the ship running aground. Unless the roll is a botch, the
damage to the ship will be repairable come morning, but
further sailing will be impossible. Of course, repairing a ship in
such conditions requires that the crew move the ship from the
obstacle and acquire sufficient supplies with which to patch
the damage. With a botched roll, the ship sinks and must be
abandoned.

of exposure. For more, see

Dark Ages rules.
Additionally, v: nd to sink unless they
make an effort to swim.
bottom, the effects of increased pri begin to crush
the unfortunate aftergan; ny vampire more than a
few hundred feet below # face of the water suffers
from the punishing pressure, of the ocean, and even
Fortitude only slightly extendsthe vampire's ability to
survive great depths. crushed into a pulp in

the ocean depths suffer


Being at sea also invites the attention of other Norse
crews, who may attempt to board and seize a longship. One
ship is the pursuer, the other the prey. These encounters begin
asa contest of the captains' skill. If both ships are under sail at
the time, then make a contested roll against Perception +
Seamanship. If either or both ships use oars, matters become
slightly more complicated. Average the Strength of the rowers
(usually 2 or 3 for mortal crews), and roll the average Strength
+ the captain's Seamanship for the contest. The number of
successes needed to escape or to catch a ship depends on its
type. The contest continues until one ship accumulates enough
successes to catch or to escape, or until some outside event
interferes with the chase.

Ship Type Successes Needed
Merchant Ship 2
Karfi, Knorr 3
Scutta, Drakkar 5

Example: If the pursuer is a scutta and the prey aknorr, the
pursuer needs three successes to catch the prey. The prey,
however, needs five successes to escape.

Ficutine Ar Sea

The danger of fighting at sea is primarily a matter of
balance (well, and weapons). Once two crews engage, they
must worry about the ocean as much as they worry about the
opposition. Lost footing can send a warrior tumbling into the
sea's icy embrace (permanently, if he is wearing heavy armor).
The easiest way to handle this is to wait until someone rolls a
botch during the fight, whereupon he goes overboard. It's also
possible to knock someone overboard deliberately; a slam or
throw can be used to send an adversary over the side of a ship,
if the victim is within a few paces of the edge. Of course, a
character flung over the side like this should get a Dexterity +
Athletics roll (difficulty 8) to attempt to grab the railing or the
side of the ship before going overboard.

SPREADING Our

Throughout the Viking Age, mixed in with the raiding
and trading, the Norse emigrated throughout Europe. Almost
as popular as sailing off to raid was sailing off to start a village
or settlement in a remote location. The greatest example of
this is probably Iceland (which was so named specifically to
discourage new settlers, due to its fertile land and reasonably
pleasant climate), but there are many remote places in Europe
and elsewhere that a Norse expedition could settle.

RECRUITMENT

The first thing any colonization attempt needs is a group
of people willing to leave their homes and gamble everything
on the dream of starting anew in a better place. Among the
Norse, this translated into following a leader with charisma,
good luck and a reputation for bravery. For a vampire, the

CHAPTER FOUR: SYSTEMS


Fanrastic DANGERS

Depending on how fantasti®your campaign is,
another potential danger is the Sea Serpent or Dragon
— especially if the ship is traveling the uncharted open
sea. These creatures are typically unfriendly towards
visiting ships, and try to make a shack out of any crews
that they come upon. They rarige in size from small
(the size of a longship) to the'mythical (the Midgard
Serpent said td circle thé' world). See The Bygone
Bestiary for more détails.

Vikings use the term "Liinorm" to refer to drag-
ons, although the Viking version of these creatures is
typically serpentine, slimy and not particularly cun-
ning or intelligent, If using fantasti@creatures of this
ilk, be sure to/look to some of the references in the
Introduction./Remember, though, that fantastic and
magical creatures aren't always appropriate to a Vam-
pire setting © ich is why they aren't all described
in this book.

Discipline of Presence is quick method of recruitment, though
the less heavy-handed means of speeches and spreading the
word can be just as effective.

Once a group of people is willing to leave to create anew
settlement, the colonists must arrange a means of transport.
This requires at least one knorr for the livestock, gear and

settlers, and probably a drakkar to protect it and the settle-
ment. An einherjar organizer may call upon his Resources,
Influence or Allies to provide himself with crews and materi-

als; less wealthy individuals must make do with recruitment or
theft. With supplies acquired, the voyage begins.

FINDING THE PERFECT SPOT

There is an art to finding a good spot for a settlement, and
as the saying goes, it's all in the location. While concerns such
as water and wood are pretty obvious, determining a site's
suitability is not easy. A crew of would-be settlers cannot
simply sail up the coast and pick a random spot; areas must be
surveyed for fresh water, game, available edible plants and
natural resources. Finding a good location takes a Perception
+ Survival roll against a difficulty of 8, usually made by the
Storyteller. Surveying a site in this fashion requires at least a
few days (three or so) as the scouts and warriors check for
necessary resources; the difficulty of the roll drops to 7 if the
group spends at least a week surveying. The success or failure
of this roll determines the viability of the settlement for the
first winter.

WOLVES OF THE SEA


Survivability
The settlement looks viable, but fails during the
winter.

Successes
Botch

Suitable location not found, make another check
after a week of sailing.

Barely survives the winter, with half the popula-
tion dying from disease and starvation.

Does well, only a third of the population dies
this winter.

Failure

The entire population survives the winter.
Thriving, the settlement has one automatic
success on subsequent survival checks (see Sur-
viving, below).

THE SETTLEMENT

The best places for a settlement are ones with flat, arable
land anda protected place to beach the ships. A nearby source
of fresh water and wood are also vital. Upon finding a suitable
location, the ships beach and work on the settlement begins.
Work starts on a rampart (a dirt and wood wall) to protect the
settlers during the initial days. During this period, warriors
explore the nearby area for food and water.

After the rampart is complete, a watchtower and hall are
built. If there is a pressing need for more protection, the
rampart is upgraded to a log palisade (a reinforced wooden
wall). The construction of a pier and boathouse for the ships
must be completed before winter, as well. Crops are planted,

depending on the time of year, and livestock are fattened up
on available foliage. The first winter isa test of the settlement,
but it is the second and third winters that determine whether

or not it survives.

SURVIVING

Ultimately, the survival of the settlement past the first
winter has as much to do with the luck of the leader as with its
placement and preparation. If the gods are not with the
settlement, no amount of planning can help. Of course, the
gods help those who help themselves. This translates into a
roll of Wits + Seneschal after the first winter. A botch means
the settlement likely perishes during the next winter, while
failure means the settlers want to leave come summer. The
difficulty of this roll is 8 for the second winter, and 7 for the
third. Gaining 4+ successes on this roll generates an automatic
success for the next check. If the settlement can survive three
winters, it becomes established and no further rolls are needed.

Of course, there are plenty of opportunities for stories in
the building of a settlement. An enterprising or desperate
einherjar may set out to discover and take the supplies neces-
sary to insure the settlement's success. Afterall, a vampire who
chafes under the rule of the elders may decide to start a new
home in order to becomea Prince himself. Likewise, an outlaw
or adventurer may leave familiar lands, taking loyal followers

with him. And, of course, some einherjar undertake settling for
strategic purposes, in order to control resources or territory
that may be useful in the constant Jyhad. Depending upon the
outcome of such expeditions, the Storyteller may alter the
settlement's survival rolls or remove them completely, basing
the settlement's fortunes on the actions of the players.

FAYppREssING VaMPIRIC ISSUES

A settlement headed by a vampire has special needs that
must be met if the colony is to be successful. A vampire must
havea large enough herd to feed without injuring or killing the
mortal populace, and requires secure shelter from sunlight. As
a result, setting up a new colony is a more labor-intensive
project for a group with a vampire than for a purely mortal
expedition.

Shelter is probably the most pressing concern for an
unliving settler. After all, just a few minutes of sunlight will
destroy all but the hardiest aftergangers. Since the vampire
obviously had some means of surviving the trip to the settle-
ment, though, she can simply wait in seclusion for the
construction of a suitable site — a vampire sleeping below
decks or in a tent during the day need not abandon such
reasonable safety. However, a leader who doesn't lead from the
front is unlikely to remain in power long among the Vikings.
An einherjar settler is well-advised to use her special talents to
perform scouting and settling at night. Indeed, by searching
out the terrain while other colonists sleep, and by using
supernatural strength and speed to hasten construction of
important buildings and defenses, an einherjar can consider-
ably cut down the time needed to establish a settlement.

The constant call of the Hunger mandates the need for a
reasonable blood supply in any settlement with a vampire.
Again, the vampire probably brought some supplies on the
journey so as not to overtax the sailors with blood loss, but a
colony must expect to lose some livestock and people during
the winter. While hunters stalk the native animal population
and discover what creatures are edible, the vampire must
likewise learn what sorts of beasts provide nourishing and
obtainable blood to supplement the colony's supply. Failing
that, many einherjar enter torpor after the settlement has been
established, awakening after winter to avail themselves of the
survivors' prosperity — though more than one vampire has
awakened to an abandoned village in such circumstances. A
slumbering einherjar needs to leave competent ghouls or huskarls
in charge or risk loss of control over the settlement.

REWARD OF SUCCESS

Arriving ina strange land and transplanting customs and
way of life is fraught with dangers and risks. A settlement faces
the possibility of a hostile native population, strange plants
and beasts, unusual weather patterns and simple bad luck.
These very risks and challenges make settling a popular pas-
time among the reckless Norse. If you succeed, the glory of your

CHAPTER FOUR: SYSTEMS


By: GEOFFREY C, GRABOWSKI, JASON LANGLOIS AND
RoMAN A. RANIERIL, WITH JESS HEINIG


up to this ideal. Some take their newfound power and use it to
bully and abuse the people of the village. Mortals tend to avoid
these huskarls.

‘VAMPIRES

An all-vampire crew may seem advantageous at first. All
members of the crew are possessed of unliving resilience and
Disciplines, and no cumbersome explanations are necessary.
However, sucha crew can only sail at night; a ship put in to the
coast for the day makes an easy target for raiders and pirates.
Additionally, with so many hungry aftergangers aboard, the
need for blood becomes a pressing problem. Even with the
tradition of strandhogg, feeding may be difficult; if the vampires

only raid a village every week or so, hunger (especially among
the weaker generations, who cannot hold as much blood)
becomes a problem. Even bringing aboard animals is not
enough, since these animals must in turn be fed and cared for
if they are to provide nourishment.

However, a small group of vampires does make for a
frighteningly effective raiding force for small, short missions.
When travels of only a week or so are planned, a group of
vampires bring a high concentration of skill and supernatural
power together. The short duration of a quick trip limits the
problems of feeding. The vampiric crew can thus undertake a
brief sail to raid a particular village or to capture a certain ship,
and still return in time to feed and rest.




Quote: | swam in my bymie from ship to shore to storm the walls of a castle. If you think me a mere braggart, step outside to settle the matter.

Prelude: While you grew up working the fields and tending cattle, each summer your father headed to the sea to raid. When he returned,
it was with treasures and stories of brave deeds. Soon enough, you picked up a sword and spent every spare moment practicing with it. In your mind,
you were a hero like Harald Faithair or Eirik Bloodaxe. Your youth passed quickly, and when you came of age, youtraveledtotheseawith
your father and never looked back. MS

You proved a natural sailor and, more importantly, a bold wartior. You caught the a |
attention of your jarl on your first voyage with yourskill and bravery in a handful of battles.
When the jarl offered rewards, you surprised everyone by boldly asking to join his
huskarls. [t was an unusual request for one so young, but the jarl allowed it. Neveragain
would you work in the fields. Instead you spent your days in constant competition,
proving your strength and skill against the other huskarls. Within only a few years,
you surpassed all but your jarl. Word of your bravery and ferocity spread to the rest
of Scandinavia.

Iewasn't longuntil yousailed north to establish your own hall and clan. Your reputation
for luck and skill meant that many followed you on this quest. You found an isolated hall, and
ina short but bloody battle, overwhelmed its jarl and defenses to claim it as yours. Your luck held,
and the new settlement thrived, along with your legend.

However, the previous settlement was not without its secrets. On a winter night, after you had
lain down to bed, an uninvited guest paid you a secret call. She claimed
to bea protector of the previous jarl and a daughter of Odin
charged with selecting the best warriors. Sitting astride
your chest, her claws at your throat and sharp teeth bared,
thewalkurie made youan offer: join Odin's army on Middle-
gard or find yourself in the legions of Hel.

You tried to overpower the woman physically, but she proved
impossible to defeat. Clawed and bleeding, you could see that her
threat was real and something you couldn't laugh away. Again, the
walkurie made you the offer, licking your blood from her fingers. This time,
you made the only choice that you could.

Concept: The classic Norse raider out of legend and nightmare,
youare a powerful warrior and brave leader of others. Keeping those
who followyouhealthy, safe and happy is your primary goal, since
they will stand with you during the Ragnarék that will come. 4 | bilitr <
Since only the strong will be of help, you have to test your ull Wn <s
followers with long sea voyages, raids and battles. Those who fail | ae
your tests don't get a second chance.

Roleplaying Hints: Maintaining the respect of your fol-
lowers and equals comes before all else, and to do it you must
never show fear or hesitation. Besides, as one of Odin's chosen
on Middle-gard, you have nothing to fear from those around
you unless Odin removes his blessings. Don't be afraid to
brag about what you have done and boast about what
you can do; your newfound abilities let you accom-
plish the impossible. Strive to be the larger-than-life
figure everyone expects.

Asa vampire, youare an unholy terror. While
you were alive you were a potent warrior; now,
with the powers afforded by unlife, you are
unstoppable. Though fair and generous
to your followers, you are ruthless and
bloodthirsty to your many victims. One
of Odin's chosen, you firmly believe
that you will stand at Ragnardk,soyou |
cultivateadevastating frenzy andcon-
stantly seek out war and conflict.
Equipment: Longship, warrior
band, heavy armor, sword, shield

WOLVES OF THE SEA

A

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK HGES»

NAME: Narare; GENERATION: lOth
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: HAVEN:
CHRONICLE? CLAN: Gangrel Concert: Sea Wolf
ATTRIBUTES
PuysicaL SOcIAL MENTAL
@@@0000 Charisma___@® @®®00000 PPerception__e®000000
Dexterity____ @@@00000 Manipulation_@@000000 _Intelligence__@®000000
Stamina____@@®00000 Appearance__@@®@00000 Wits 000000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting. 00000000 AnimalKen_@0000000 Academics o00000000
Alertness @@000000 Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_00000000
Athletics, @@000000 Crafts @@000000 Investigation__OO0O000000
Brawl ®®OO0000 Etiquette___0 0000000 Law. @0000000
Dodge. @@000000_  Herbalism__0 0000000 Linguistics, 00000000
Empathy. O0000000 Melee_ax _@©@®®0000 Medicine. 00000000
Intimidation__@®000000 Music. 00000000 Occult 00000000
Larceny. eo0000000 Ride 00000000 Politics 00000000
Leadership. @@@00000 Stealth, 00000000 Science 00000000
Subterfuge 00000000 _ Survival. @@000000 Seneschal 00000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS VIRTUES
Animalism __®O0O000000 Allies _.__ ®®®00000 Eonscience/Conviction @ @ @ 0 0
Fortitude @0000000) fam @0000000
Protean @@000000 = Generation __@®®OOOOOO  Self-Control/fnstinet_@ @O000
Potence _@®OQOO0O000 = Resources ___@ 00000
00000000 _ Retainers __ ®®@OOOO0O Courage______@® e
OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
Shipwright @0000000 Einheriar Bruised El
Rune-Lore @0000000 Hust a Oo
dummy 08000000, 228 SOOO C0 Injured 7)
OOOOOOCS ———WiitROwER Wounded -2 O
00000000 Mauled 20
00000000 @@S@e@e@O00000 Crippled 5 Oo
9°0000000 HnyAnOnooOoOoOuooO Incapacitated Oo
00000000 We
y
5 5 3 3 3 ° ° ° ——B100p Poo. === EEKNESS
00000000 Oo 1OoOoOo0
00000000 Ooo00000
Lb (of Pc EAE ogg


Norws'THRrEaD
Quote: "The Norns came to the house that night, those who
would fashion a prince's fate; great fame, they said, would mark his
future, he would be called the best of kings." Haven't had many
Norns visiting around here, have you?
Prelude: You like to say that the morning you were born,
a raven was dead on the doorstep and a wolf howled at the
rising sun. You prefer to leave out the fact that your father fell
dead and the cow's milk curdled. If the circumstances of your
birth were ill-omened, the rest of your youth seemed fairly
normal. Your uncle raised you to be a warrior, and you seemed
suited to such things until the Voice first whispered in your
ear.
Murmuring to you, the Voice told you stories of the
gods and heroes. When you spoke of these things to
your family, they became amazed and frightened. ri
Your uncle summoned 4
a spaewoman, to heal
what ailed you. Her
efforts were for
naught, as the spaewoman
quickly decided the Norns
had chosen you. The sto-
ries you spoke were the
Lays of the skalds, but there
was no way for you to have
learned them except by the
will of the Norns.
As you gtew to adulthood,
the Voice came and went, but the
stories remained a large part of
your life. When the chance came,
you caughta ship to the south, to
seek outskaldsand to learn from
them other Lays, stories and sa-
gasand the art ofkenning. While
you were never a master of the
form, there was a certain truth
about your particular versions
of the Lays that hinted at
prophecy. You let oth-

ers know of the Voice, and soon people were coming to you to
seek the wisdom of the Norns.

One of those who came to you proved to be more than just
the jester he appeared. He asked many questions about the
Voice, whether it came or went, and how you felt about the
world and your place in it. Then he told you many things about
the real world, and how important it was that your message be
spoken. He offered to give you an edge, to help you hear the
Voice better and to reach people with more effect. Intrigued,
you agreed to try what he suggested. After a few lessons to
improve your talents, you paid the price he asked of you. Your
life was a minor price to pay, after all.

Concept: A storyteller of great skill, you are a dispenser of
wisdom to any who will listen. However, there is the hint of

madness and prophecy to your kenning that causes all to

assume that you do the work of some higher power.
Some even consider you a tool of the Norns, sent to
make sure that their spinning comes out right.
You're not the one to disabuse others of this
notion, especially when you can use it to
get a free meal or two.
Roleplaying Hints: While
you've always heard the Voice,
since the Embrace it's started to
make more sense to you.
Whether it is the Norns, Odin
or some stranger being speak-
ing through you, you don't

.

N liver its message to those
I N vho need to hear it. If
ASN who need to hear it. If,
( y sometimes, this mes-
sage isn't what

people want to
hear, so be it. Your
duty to the Voice

comes first.
Equipment:
Commoner garb,
traveling pack, sturdy

walking boots


A

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK HGES»

NAME: Natare GENERATION: 12th
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: HAVEN:
CHRONICLE? CLAN: Malkavian CONCEPT: "Norns Thread
ATTRIBUTES
Puysica Soca MENTAL
Strength. OQ00000_ Charisma. @@00000 Perceptionnxicn@ @®®OO0O0O0
Dexterity 000000 Manipulation_@@®000000 _Intelligence__
Stamina -ovcern @0000 Appearance__®0000000_ Wits
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting @@@00000 AnimalKen_00000000 Academics @@000000
Alertness @@@00000 Archery___00000000 Hearth Wisdom_@®000000
Athletics 00000000 Crafts____ 00000000 Investigation__O0000000
Brawl. 00000000 Etiquette___@®0000000 Law______®0000000
Dodge_____ 00000000 _ Herbalism___O0000000 Linguistics____ @ ®000000
Empathy. @0000000 Melee____00000000 Medicine____0 0000000
Intimidation__OOOOOO00O0 Music____00000000 Occult____@®®000000
Larceny. 00000000 Ride_____ 900000000 Politics__® 0000000
Leadership__@0000000_ Stealth___00000000 Science_____.00000000
Subterfuge___ ®©0 000000 _ Survival___@®0000000 Seneschal 00000000
ADVANTAGES \
DIscIpLiNES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Auspex @©0000000 Cautucts __®@000000  Cinecience/Conviction @ @ @@0
Oementation _@®O0O00000 fam @@@00000 a
Obfuscate __ @OOOOOOO Resources _ _ @OOOOOOO  Self-Control/Instinet_@ @ @ OO
Presence __ ®0000000 00000000 _
00000000 00000000 Courage______@@@00 (
OTHER TRAITS Rosp HEALTH
‘Rune-Lore @@@e@0000 Asirgard Bruised Oo
Sagaman @@@00000 ‘Bore 47 Oo
00000000 eeee@eee@eedo0dod Toure c o (
O0000 — TE Wounded 2
So nOnGS === WILLPOWER Wea 3 a
00000000 @OSSBeBB0O0 Crippled 5
90000000 Ann oOoOoOoOoOoOo Incapacitated Oo (
00000000
90000000 Bop Poon=—=—=—= WEAKNESS (
00000000
00000000
00000000

|


HOLDER OF THE KEYS

Quote: Ottar is dead? A hunting accident? I'm shocked. He
seemed such a good man. Why, weren't you even thinking of
following him when he left to start his own settlement, Jorund?

Prelude: Growing up the daughter of a powerful jarl
meant being prepared almost from birth to be the wife of an
important jarl. You learned everything you could about man-
aging a household and a village from your mother, and she
impressed upon you the important role you would play in the
success of your husband. At the same time, you studied the
techniques your father used to keep his warriors in line.

When the time of your marriage came, it was to an aging
jarl of the Trond to whom your father owed a favor. The
match was disappointing to you from the start, for your
husband was unskilled at managing his people. He relied
on fear, rather than respect, to keep them in line. At the
end of the first year, pregnant with his child, you knew
that his rule was not going to last the time it would
take for your son to take his place.

While your husband was off raiding, you culti-
vated the respect of the women of the village with
a practiced concern for their well-being. You
fostered your son into the care of your father's
best warrior, telling your husband it was to
further ties between your clans. Then you con-
vinced your husband to undertake a last raid
to establish his reputation in legend —and
to keep him out of your hair for more than
a summer.

The raid lasted two years, and you
used the time your husband was away
to good effect. First, you cultivated
the support of the older warriors
who remained behind and the
young men just coming into
adulthood. Those few who
didn't come over to your side,
you found ways to secretly
murder or goad into reck-
less acts that led to their
demise. Second, you worked
long and hard to ensure that the luck of the village
was better under your careful rule than your
husband's. You had everything prepared for your
husband's return.

That's when things took a strange twist. Your
husband returned a changed man, newly vibrant
and acting half his age. His crew numbered less
than a third of the original size, and the remain-
ing warriors were weak and pale. It wasn't
long before rumors spread of how
your husband was a monster
and that something had to
be done.

WOLVES OF THE SEA

What the villagers didn't know was that on the first night
of his return, your husband took you into the Embrace, and
told you of his plans. He spoke to you of Embracing his son as
well, and making a family of his kind. He pledged his love for
you, and told you how he hoped to make you Queen ofa unified
Scandinavia. You feigned interest in these grand stories of a
new era, biding your time for a few days.

When you judged that the villagers were ready, and that
your husband trusted you completely, you acted. In the early
hours of the morning, when your husband had laid down to his
rest, you thrust a stake through his heart and destroyed him.
You spun out a story to the villagers about mortwights and

monsters, and how you husband had been one. The people
accepted the story, and also the return of your young son
to lead them. However, everyone knows you really run
things and they treat you with respect anda little fear.
Things are good, even if you don't get to see the sun
rise anymore.

Concept: The Hall is your domain, and
those within and around it in your charge.
You've worked hard to make this a thriving
community, and will allow nothing and no
one to threaten its prosperity. Anyone who
gets in your way will find this out, whether
they be kin or stranger. It wouldn't do for
those who rely on you to know of your
[> ruthlessness, even though it is in their
YP best interest. Some things are best kept

secret, in the name of a greater good.
Roleplaying Hints: You operate in the
shadows and the night, when the others
have gone to their beds. Your new existence
makes it more difficult to make your wishes known,
but you have found ways around this. If there is a
threat to the health of the Hall or yourself, you deal

with it quickly and without pity.

Your predilection for plotting goes far beyond
any mortal householder's, though. The paranoid ex-
istence of a vampire forces you to spin webs within
webs, and to pit your followers against one another in
order to ferret out hidden loyalties. The constant pall
of seeking blood makes you callous and cold, though
you project an air of false compassion to those in your

care. In fact, running a hall is no longer a matter of

personal prestige or power; it's a matter of self-

preservation and survival. You constantly feel like
you're missing something, but you don't know
what it is. Should you ever run across
e® another vampire, though, the machi-
@~ nations will be fierce indeed — and
more satisfying than any hot blood.
Equipment: Keys to the Hall,
fine dress, dagger


___—< WOLVES 3

ia

OF The

A

FOR VAMPIRE THE DARK AGES»

|
NIE

NAME: NATURE: GENERATION: Ith
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: HAVEN:
CHRONICLE CLAN: Ventrue Concert: Holder of the Keys
ATTRIBUTES
PHysicAL SociAL MENTAL
Strength, @@000000 Charisma e O0o0000 Perception__@®000000
Dexterity. @@000000 Manipulationoming @000 Intelligence__@e@@00000
Stamina. @@000000 Appearance__@@@00000 Wits @@@00000
FAABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting @0000000 AnimalKen_OQO00000 Academics 00000000
Alertness. @0000000 Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_@0000000
Athletics, O00000000 Crafts @0000000 Investigation, 00000000
Brawl, oo0000000 Etiquette @@000000 Law. @@000000
Dodge. 00000000 _ Herbalism__O0000000 Linguistics O00000000
Empathy. @0000000 Melee. 00000000 Medicine. 00000000
Intimidation__@@®®O0O0000 Music. @0000000 Occult 00000000
Larceny. @0000000 Ride 00000000 Politics. @@@00000
Leadership. @@@00000 Stealth, Q00000000 Science. 00000000
Subterfuge, @@@00000 Survival @0000000 Seneschal @@@00000
ADVANTAGES |
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS VIRTUES
Dominate __@®OOO0000 Generation __@0000000  Conscience/Conviction_@ @ 000
Fortitude @oo000000 ‘Resources _@®®OOO0O0O
Presence @O0000000_ Retainers @0000000 Self-Control/instinct_@ @@ @ @
Auspex __®0000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 Courage, @@e@00
=== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
90000000 diumanity Bruised oO
00000000 Oo
@e2eeeee000 Hurt l |
00000000 Injured alu
00000000 ____wy,, : Wounded 2
————— I OWER oundes
00000000 aad Mauled 2
00000000 @@SeSBeO0000 Crippled 5 oO
90000000 pyAynnoOoOoOoOoOOo0 Incapacitated Oo (
00000000 Ww
= . 2 i - 5 o Bioop Poon == —S** EBIKNESS (
ooooo000 HOOOOOO e)
ooooooo0 OOOO oO000


@furove Vioemannorum libera nos, Domine!

Grom the fucy of the Viocthmen deliver us,O flv

Lord)
- Peayer throughout western
Christendom ducting the Viking Age

The impression (eft by the Wikings LreSouNds
throughout history. Little vwoonder, then, that the
vampires arnong them widd similar infuencein the
society of the urdiving,


Tue Aut-Hicu

Few einherjar cast a longer shadow in the lands of the High
North than the Gangrel Methuselah known as the All-High.
He was old when he first began moving north, during the Age
of Migrations. He was known by a different name then, and
served as a priest among the Germanic peoples. There he
became identified with the god Odin, in the minds of his
German worshippers and perhaps in his own mind as well.

Rarely staying in one haven for more than two or three
years, the All-High moved north as the Western Empire fell
into ruin behind him. Eventually, as if he had found a long
sought-after goal, he settled at Uppsala, the center of Swedish
A.esir worship. From 650 until the earliest years of the 12th
century, he dwelt there as priest and primary object of worship,
regarded as half man and half god, as perhaps he is.

With the All-High come the trappings of Odin's worship.
Like his divine role-model, the All-High travels extensively
through Scandinavia during the Viking Age, embracing those
whocome tohisattention. Most of the Gangrel in Scandinavia
can place the All-High in their lineage, and many use his
bloodline as a justification for their rule as vargr-kings.

Under the All-High's direction, the Temple at Uppsala
came to resemble the Valhal. The Methuselah's underlings
and direct progeny, the Walkurie, traveled across Scandinavia
during the Viking Age in search of the blood of heroes. Some,

THE Future OF THE WALKURIE

After Christianization of Scandinavia and the
racing of Uppsala, the Walkurie disappear from the
scene. Most enter voluntary torpor in the High North,
and a few others filter into conventional einherjar
society by ones and twos. But even those who stay alert
for the intervening centuries do not forget. In the early
1980s, the remaining Walkurie once again gather to-
gether at Uppsala, whose burial howes have by that
point been excavated and found strangely empty. Their
motives mysterious, the resurrected Walkurie may have
goals of their own, or may await the awakening of their
ancient Sire.

too injured to live, they drained dry. Some very few heroes
were Embraced, for the All-High forbade the Walkurie to
procreate. The vast majority of the wounded and dying heroes
who came to their attention, however, were made ghouls and
taken back to the Uppsala shtine to serve the All-High.

At the temple, these einherjar and huskarls were feasted
and treated as heroes. Each day they practiced fighting with
real weapons and armor. Each night they feasted on wild boar
and drank from the Blood-horn, the All-High's greatest trea-
sure. When but a single drop of blood was added to the ale in
the gigantic drinking-horn, all the ale within it was changed
into blood. If it was filled with mead and but a single drop of
einherjar vitae was added to the horn, it became entirely the
vitae of the einherjar who added the drop. Thus did the All-
High and his progeny sustain themselves and their ghouls at
the table of Valhal.

Those einherjar not practicing their battle-skills or feast-
ing were charged by the All-High with guarding the three
burial howes near the temple. Both day and night, the mounds
were watched by dozens of alert eyes. The sentries each kept an
unlit torch and the makings of fire-arrows at hand, for the
stirring of aftergangers that the All-High warns them is the
first sign of an impending Ragnarék.

In the early days of the 1100s, the people of Sweden finally
began to turn en masse to the Christian faith. New in the region
and still strong with the convert's faith and miracles, champi-
ons and holy men came from across the region during the day
to raze the heathen temple at Uppsala. Though the All-High's
huskarls resisted them, they were soon dispersed with miracle
and steel, and the temple was put to the torch, burning many
of the Walkurie. The All-High was not seen after that say, and
may have perished in the blaze, fled or perhaps entered torpor.

During his residence at Uppsala, the All-High served as
the elder and center of Scandinavian einherjar society. Not
only do his own progeny appeal to him to justice and judgment,
so do the vast majority of Scandinavia's einherjar. With the
disappearance of the All-High and the final Christianization
of Scandinavia in the 1110s, the position of the vargr as the

APPENDIX: NOTABLE SCHNDINAVIAN EINHERJAR


bitter-end last stand of a dying social system was cemented,
and the death-knell sounded for einherjar paganism in
Scandinavia.

Erik LONGTOOTH

Eirik Longtooth (then called by a different name) fled
civilized Norway in the 870s when Harald Fairhair burned his
hall and confiscated his family estates for Eirik's opposition to
Harald's campaign to unify Norway. Unlike other Norwe-
gians, Eirik did not flee across the whale road to the Shetlands
or Orkneys or to the newly-founded colonies in Iceland.
Instead, he retreated into the dark pine forests of the Norwe-
gian interior, to live as a vargr, an outlaw and a menace to the
king's justice.

Most men would have found a cold death, but Eirik
survived on the proceeds of his robbery and with the help of
sympathetic jarls. One of the most-wanted men in Norway,
the Longtooth seemed possessed of a magical ability to evade
pursuit, and the superhuman power to kill all who pursued him
into his wilderness lair, despite numbers or odds. This excep-
tional mortal evaded marauding vargr and the monsters of the
wilds, returning sporadically to harry the followers of Harald.
In one notable incident, he walked into a public house in
Trondheim and murdered three of Harald's huskarls in the
public room, cutting the blood eagle on them after he dragged
the bodies into the street. Almost a hundred and twenty men
and twice that many dogs beat the countryside for three days,
until the hunters realized how sharply their numbers seemed
to have dwindled. The seventy-two surviving hunters and
their dogs withdrew from the hunt. Eirik Longtooth became a
living legend, and a heroic symbol of resistance for those
Norwegians hateful of Harald's iron-fisted rule. But when the
tule of Harald's successor, Eirik Bloodaxe, disintegrated in a
welter of regional tensions and political ambitions, the
Longtooth didn't come out of the woods and take up his

reputation and plow at his old steading.

One freezing night, some time between the burning of his
hall and the end of the first unified Norwegian kingdom, Eirik
Longtooth died and was reborn as one of the brood of Odin.
A Childer of one of the true vargr, the forest-Gangrel of the
north, there was no longer any going home for him.

Since his Embrace, Eirik has been the leader of the most
extreme vargr camp in opposition to the modern era. While
Christ-worship is their target of priority, Eitik and his people
oppose not just the Christianization of Scandinavia, but the
centralization of its governments. If they had their way, Eirik
and his allies would forcibly dissolve the Scandinavian states
and bring back the old days of petty kingship.

Eirik and his progeny have been directly responsible for
the sacking and burning of seven churches in or near the back
country of Norway and Sweden, as well as the murder of any
number of missionaries, mendicant priests and wandering
friars, including three Lasombra who strayed too far from Oslo
ona hunting expedition. Eirik has a number of ongoing feuds

WOLVES OF THE SE

with other Scandinavian einherjar, and has only avoided
outlaw status because placing him beyond the law would make
hima greater threat to the vargr and their place in Scandinavia
— after all, a hunted man is one thing, but a hunter einherjar
rt killing
all of the vampires they find. Sooner or later, Eirik's luck is
going to fail him.

FARRNULF JORMUNGANDRSSON

Arnulf Jormungandrsson was born Arnulf Seamundsson.
He came into the world at Bergen in 793, the same year that
the Vikings first raided Ireland. His father was a factor in the
amber trade, and Arnulf journeyed to the south in his father's
company, taking the long river-routes through Russia and the
Byzantine Empire to trade with Arabic merchants in Alexan-
dria.

isa threat to all of the unliving, once the mort

There, Arnulf found a life completely different from the
one he had lived in the north. His luxuries in Scandinavia
were common household fixtures to any merchant worth his
systematically robbed for trinkets
while he ignored the world of learning, commerce and sensu-

salt. His ignorant father \

ality around him. Instead, his father chose to swill overpriced
wine in the merchant's quarter with his cronies.

Arnulf made some friends among the locals and got a
chance to see the Alexandrian night life. Then he made some


friends among the court and got a chance to see the real night

life of Alexandria. He attracted the attention of the Follow

of Set, and he learned just what the words "night life" mean.
Arnulf became a willing convert of Set in 805. Living

beyond the grave in Alexandria, it is easy to see the harsh

conditions and attitudes of his homeland as easily exploitable
in the service of Set. With the blessing and assistance of his
fellows, Arnulf set out north to begin the historic conquest of
the High North for the Great One.

It wasn't as easy as he had imagined. Nidhoggr, the great
serpent that gnaws on the World Tree in the darkness of the
void, already had worshippers, foul and unpleasant and very,
very powerful. That cost him one fledgling cult when the true
followers of Nidhoger eliminated Arnulf's upstarts in a rather
spectacular and shadow-bitten strike. Jormungandr, the ser-
pent that wraps around the world, didn't have cultists, but that
was mostly because it wasn't exactly the sort of deity to
encourage an active worship. Nevertheless, the scaly aspect is,
Arnulffeels, important to the worship of Set. There were other
difficulties — the Get of Fenris, the scarcity of resources, and
the lack of the cities where the Followers of Set prosper best.
Despite these problems, though, Arnulf persevered, develop-
ing a small cadre of men who followed his direction and
worshipped the serpent in exchange for eternal vitality.

Inthe middle of the tenth century, the Ismaili Revolution
caused Arnulf to lose contact with his parent organization. By
then, he had built a moderate Ragnarék cult in the hostile
environment of Scandinavia. Mostly composed of retired
Vikings whose decadence was equaled only by their riches, the
cult focused its efforts primarily on gradual growth and gath-
ering riches during the Viking age. Einherjar with wealthy
mortal pawns or relatives may cross swords with Arnulfand his
lackeys.

During the Dark Ages period, after the dissipation of the
Viking wealth, the cult becomes much less active. Instead, it
concentrates purely on survival in the hostile North while

conserving its resources for future growth.


°c

FOR BLOOD! FOR GLORY! FOR OOIN The ALEFAChER!

_ For over two hundred years they pillaged across Europe, exacting tribute, sacking towns and

__ pirating ships. The Vikings spread from Scandinavia across England and France, Greenland
and Vinland, as a society of valiant warriors and traders. With them came the vampires of the
North, the slain warriors chosen by Odin to rise and do battle. All of Christendom learned
to tremble at the approach of the Norsemen, and their blood-soaked berserks and einherjar
threatened the rule of every weakling Cainite in Europe.

| LEC The MiGbcy FiGbc AT RAGNAROR,
AND ThE WEAK FALL TO Devs HALL!'

This book details the culture of the Norsemen, their fabulous _ / //
Viking Era and their eventual fall to the spread of Christianity.
The Vikings spawned legends that outlived their culture by
hundreds of years. For the undying, though, the year matters
not — any winter is a time to go a-Viking.

WOLVES OF The SEA iNCLLIDEs=

© New Roads, Abilities and Disciplines for the warriors of the
High North

The culture and customs of the Norsemen, both during their
heyday and later in the Dark Ages setting

¢ Viking warlords, rune-casters, outlaws and vampires, with all

the screaming, ax-hurling, longship-sailing adventure you can
handle!

GAMES FOR MATURE MINDS

SBN 1

A

PRINTED IN USA
—
