# File: World of Darkness - 1st Edition.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Recinitiniegscies of Warld Souicebboks for

ihe Slorsielling System snchicine
es

£-oO VAMPIRE
; THE MASQUERAD


K World of Darkness:

Che Promised Lands

Written By:

Graeme Davis, Rob Hatch,
Andrew Greenberg, Steve Crow,
Ryan O'Rourke, Lee Gold,
Frank Frey


Deéah
His de cauuifiul with thee.

fred ‘Tennyson, Ju Memoriam


A scratching in the shadows. Footsteps-on a fogey street
Ripples in the perception along a niurky sky, chill breeze
on a dusky evening, You see noting, but the cold horror
swellsall he sae.

You quicken your pace, hoping to Icave it behind, But the
sounds build, the wind becomes colder .. andthe darkness
OWS

nt the pate of your feet on the cobblestones has tumed

intoa stacatto beat and youflee, tripping and stumblingalong
roadvwaysandalleys. Brushing past lightpoles. careening b
brick walls, yourace toward sanctuary, only to see it fade
the distance.

hit from behind, Now there
is nought you can do but block from your eyes the vision of
‘what will come out of the nig


Credits

Written By: Graeme Davis, Rob Hatch, Andrew
Greenberg, Stove Crow, Ryan O'Rourke, Lee Gold,
Frank Frey

Development: Andrew Greenberg, Josh Timbrook

Layout: Sam Chupp

Production; Andrew Greenberg. Mark Rein-Hagea,
Sam Chupp

Maps: Brian Blume

‘Art: Sam Inabinct Larry McDougal, Josh Timbrook,
Jon Skoglund, Jobn Cobb

Cover: Clark Mitchel

Back Cover: Chris McDonough

‘Vampire: The Masquerade was created by
Mark Rein+Hagen

©1992 by White Wolf. All ights reserved. Reproduction
withoot writen permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Vampire: The
Masquerade, Werewolf, Chicago by Night, The Players
Guide, Milwaukee by Night, the Storyteller System, and
‘World of Darkness are all trademarks and copyrights of
‘White Wolf,

Disclaimer: All the characters, most of the events, and
many ofthe locations described in this book are fictional. any
‘resemblance between the characters and any person, living
‘or dead, is purely coincidental,

Special Thanks to:

Mark "Been There, Done That" Rein+Hagen, for all
his world-traveller stories. ""Whi, remember that timein
Singapore when all Thad was my shorts and 32 cents..."

Stewart "Eagle Eye" Wieck for inventing new games
1o fit our shrinking warehouse space. "Okay, Josh, you
‘run that way and I'l throw this ball at your bead ..."

Ken "High Points" Cliff, for scoring a 31,

Josh "Motor Mouth" Timbrook, for his deals and
wheels.

Wes "30 Acres and 2 Pallet Mule Harris, for dhe
simple pleasures of life (who remembers the hill).

Sam "Triple Agent" Chupp, for being the only cor-
[porate spy in the gaming industry (sorry for breaking your
cover).

Rob "Cthulhu Kid" Hateh, for divulging the secrets of
his misspent youth,

(Chris "$12 an hour" McDonough — yeah, right

Travis "Headbasher" Williams, for making ws all
mighty insecure.

‘Andrew "Blah-blah-blah" Greenberg, forshowing ws
‘bow insane he can become.

Brian "Buckshot" Blume, for highway robbery (Wells
argo caught up yet?)

Word From the White Wolf Game Studio:

Continuing our incredibly rapid, poorly thought-out
‘expansion, Chris MeDonough, after much begging and
pleading, has resigned himseif to making his relationship
‘with us official. As of April I (no coincidence in the date,
is there Chris?), White Wolf will have a new production
‘guru. Bestknown for his stunning backcovers check out

the beauty on the back of this Book), Chars also does
‘maps, at, layout, production, windows, very small rocks
oy Finally convinced to join on because of our sparkling |
personalities (we said he could play seven hours of four
‘Square during cach eight-hour workday), Chris has alreacy
sworn that if his salary doesn't bankrupt us, all the
‘computer toys he needs will,

4 World of Darkness


The British Isles
Europe By Night...

Hunedora Castle com.

The Yampire Club ..

Introduction


CACteeeee COLCEGkEe
Ge NOVI IS)


Inaroduction

Despite the interest the Kindred show in America and the United States, the New World
is only a small part oftheir concems, A whole world spins in monolithic order. ripe for the
plucking. For cons they have followed the progress of civilization, and even where itis no
‘more, atleast some trace ofthe Undeadcan be found. But where civilization continues, and
‘grows strong, there the Kindred can be found in force, a power beyond reason,

‘They becomes par of the landscape, hidden and disguised, but an slement which exists
‘on the edges, taking what it wants and returning death, ‘They seep into the very foundation
of the culture, worming their way inio its most vital pars and corrupting all they can,
However, they are not all Were isto this world of darks,

Werewolves, magh, facrics aid spiitsall exist om dhe periphery of ratty. Vampires have
their game, and they play it through the world of the kine, but theirs isnot the only one. The

other beings of legend have their own methods and goals, often in conflict with the Kindred
‘but sometimes in conjunction,

However, even these powerful figures of myth are not the whole of the supernatural
‘spectrum. As illustrated through A World of Darkness and other supplements, more exists
in this world than even the Undead may suspect.

Ic is up to the Storyteller. the maker and shaper of the myths of the Chronicle, to decide,
therole ofthese unnatural powers. One can have engageiina fully satisfying Chronicle from
‘start to finist without ever adding anything other then the Kindred and kine — no
werewolves, demons from the pits, crazed sorcerers, rowing mummies, living mansions or
blood-drinking Cais.

‘TheJyhadof the Cainites can be completely fulfiling, dangerous and exciting enough for
‘any player. For those who want io stretch their Stories beyond this format, A World of
Darkness provides a surting point. Not only does it offer descriptions of the Kindred
communities and conspiracies around the planet, but it provides a glimpao into those unlit
‘areas where creatures equally mysterious — and equally deadly — dwell.

‘The focus ison Vampires, for of all the creatures of wicked fables, they are the ones most
‘enamored of humanity, Where humans make their home, there to0 treads the Vampire.

‘rom London to Jordan w Hong Kong 0 Haiti, in all these places the kine resides, the
‘Undead are sure to be found,

Of course, everything contained within this book is dependent upon you and your
Imagination, There is no reason for Jordan to be under the control ofthe mysterious Talag
Or Hunedoaraccastle home to such powerful Cainites except. itmakes for betcr stories and
8 more compelling chronicle, As with any product for Vampire: The Masquerade,
‘everything presented herein exists atthe the whim ofthe Storyteller. Feel free to discardany
prt of this supplement you feel dacs not ft the concep, mood or theme of the world where
‘you want your Chronicle to take place.

Additionally, none of these sections should be considered whole and immutable, Addl
your own Vampires, change the motivations of those provided or subtract them altogether.
Roc has been lft forthe Storyteller serrations and, since anyone ean go out and buy this
‘book, making one's own changes isa sure way to keep the surprises intact.

Finally, if one does use this book as is, remember that even in the world ofthe Walking
Dead things are not static. Any and all ofthis can change through the actions of characters
or others, and indeed it should, Whise Wolf will be rcicasing more products Meshing out this
‘world of darkness, but your Chronicle will develop through your own creativity as well as
(ours. While the Queen may rign in London today, she may be staked to a oof on the marn,
Sic semper tyrannis.

United Kingdom


Che Brizish Isles

Written by Graeme Davis, Art by Larry McDougal

‘Mad dogs and Englishmen go out in the mid-day sun.
- Noel Coward, Mad Dogs and Englishmen

Introduction

‘This chapter cannot hope to cover the entire history and
‘geography of the British Isies, nor give an cxhaustive listing,
and description of the islands" Cainite population, Instead,
the following pages presenta summary of places, personali-
tics and events, hoping in give the adiera hmnad overview.
‘Those imerested in reading further will find travel guides to
Britain and ireland (available in most bookstores) a conve=
nent way to pick up key information about an area; to look
further into particular period of history, there are few better
starting poinls than The Pelican History of England paper-
backs, which are inexpensive, written for ordinary people to
understand, and available in most good bookstores.
‘Before going any further, the author would also like to
‘make it clear thut any resemblance between cvenls and
Personalities presented here and actual historical events and
personalities is entirely contrived. Any distress or outrage
‘which these fictional contrivances may causs to any readers
{sunimentional. Any political opinions or interpretations are
entirely the author's own, and events have sometimes been,
slanted to beter serve the game, This isnot the real British
Iilet: it' the British Iolea in the Gothie-Punk world of
Vampire.
SEE eeeeee el

Geography

There is often confusion over the distinctions between
England, Britain, Great Britain, the United Kingdom and the
[oitish isles, Needless to say, the inhabitants of these Islands
sgmard these distinctions jealously, and react w foreigness"
confusion witha mixture of amusement and contempt. The
differences are actually very straightforward,

England is one of three nations which ( with
‘Wales and Scotland) makes up the island of Briain, which is
the largestof the British Isles, The geographical term "Beiish
Isles" includes Ireland, although the Irish often dislike any
implied association with Britain. (More of this under the
eating Hor) Great Bian he em edo referio

the pofitcal entity which consists ofthe island of Britainand
various small offshore islands, such as Anglesey, Mull and
the Isle of Wight. The United Kingdom is the political entity
which consists of Great Britain and Nonhern Ireland.
Despite their disgust at forcign confusion over this issue,
‘very few Britons uso these terms consistently. Forall but the
most doggedly pedantic. the tems "Britain." "Great Britain"
and "United Kingdom" sre moro or less the same; the
important thing isto keep in mind the distinctions berween
English, Welsh, Scots and Irish, Asking a Scot what part of
England he is from is one of the most dangerous things you
‘cando in these islands, with the possible exception of asking
‘an Irishman the same question,
Se

Physical -

England consists mainly of fertile lowlands in the south
and cast, with hills and moorland in the north and west. The
highest point is Seafell ia Curnbrin, at 978 meters (appeox'-
mately 3,180 feet). Major river systems are the Thames in the
southeast, the Sevem in the southwest, and the Humber, Tees
‘and Tyne in the north,

Wales isa mountainous country, with ferie yrvaund wily
inthe deep east-west valleys which run downto the Irish Sea,
the narrow strips of coastal lowland and the rich island of
Anglesey. The highest point is Mount Snowdon, at 1,085
meters (approximately 3/525 fect).

‘Scotland consists of southem lowlands and northem high-
lands, with many islands, especially on the rugged west
coast. The highest point is Bon Nevis, at 1,343 meters
(proximately 4,365 feet),

Ireland is a mixture of rugged mountains, peat marshes
and fertile lowlands. On the whole, it is the weuest of the
islands. Its highest point is Carrauntoohil. at 1.041 meters
(approximately 3,383 feet).

‘In addition to the two main istands of Britain and Ireland,

there ure various smaller islands and island groups. The
Hebrides, Orkneys and Shetlands are west, north and north

World of Darkness


‘cast of Scotland respectively, while the Isle of Man sts in the
Irish Sea between Britain and Ireland. Anglesey lies off the
northwest coast of Wales, close enough tobe connected to he
‘mainland by a bridge. The Isle of Wight is off the south coast
‘of England, and the Scilly Iss lic to the southwest. The
‘Channel Islands of Jersey, Guemsey, Sark anc Aldemey are
phiysically par of France; politically connected to the United
Kingdom, they are all that remain ofthe feudal lands of the
Norman kings. There are many other islands, too numerous
vo mention,

Climate

More than anything else, Briain is famous for its grey
skies and rain, The climate of the British Isles is actually
faiely mill for their latitude, party because ofthe tempera
ture-moderating influence of the sea and partly because of a
‘warm current known as the North Atlantic Drift, which
‘originates in the Gulfof Mexico. The British Islesare the first
lend encountered by rain-bearing winds from the Atlantic,
and rainfall is year-round bat seldom as torrential as some
ollysood moviemakers like to think. The wettest months
are in late spring and early summer — the term "April
showers" isa typically British understatement

‘OF more significance to the Kindred population are the
‘hours of daylight. Inthe southern half ofthe islands, winter
sunset is around 4:30 p.an, and sunrise around 8 a.m., while
jn summer sunset can be as late as 10:30 p.m. and sunrise as
carly as 4 a.m, In the extreme north, summer nights are
shorter and winter nights linger. The northern isles of Scot-
land experience midnight sun inthe summer; owing to their
‘high latitude, tho un grazss the horizon but doesnot actually
set fora few days atthe height of summer.

‘Throughout most of the year, there is an appreciable
‘period of twilight between light and dark; combined with
‘overcast wewuher, this Weak lightcan enable stronger Kindred
tw extend their period of activity by as much as two hours per
night. In winier and early spring, under dite: enough cir-
‘cumstances, it is even possible 0 go out at noon on a
paniculary overcast day (i one can Keep awake), provided
that one takes reasonable precautions to avoid direct light on
the skin, Since most people are thoroughly wrapped up
‘against the weather at these times of year, a Cainite can walle
‘uno inortals widhout being novice.

‘The British have a saying that they have weather while
‘other people have climate, and it is certainly true that the
‘weather of the British Iskes can be unpredictable: Hail and
sleetcan fall in July, whilea March or April day can suddenly
tum from overcast gloom to beilliant sunshine. ‘The British
‘reputation for talking endlessly about the weather arises from
this uncertainty, and is not unjustified; but like most things to
‘do with the weather, ithas become somewhat exaggerated in
the minds of other nations.

History

The strength of history and tradition in those istands is
Jimanense, and the intrinsic potential oftheir Kindred equally
powerful. If they would only divert their energies from
Fighting among themselves and aliernately mourning the
(past and bemoaning the present, bury their differences and
‘apply themselves io moving forward, there isnot ielling what
they might accomplish.
~Hoteph, Ventive Justicar

‘The written history ofthe British Islesis generally accepted
as beginning in 55 BC, with the first expedition of Julius
‘Caesar, Earlier Phoenician texts mention the "Tin Islands,"
and itis known that tradess from the Middle East came to
southwestom Britain for tin. The prehistory of the British
Isles stretches back mach further.

Farming came tothe British Isles around 4000 BC, having,
‘spread across Europe from the eastem Mediterranean, Al-
though there is some archacological evidence for small-
scale, short-distance migrations, it seems certain that ideas
«did more travelling than people. Nearly all ofthe British isles
were undercultivation when the Bronze Age dawned, around,
2000 - 1500 BC. Archscologists believe that the Bronze Age
saw a series of social changes which permitted the rise of
ruling classes anda warriorcaste from the basically alitarian
Neolithic farming communities. By the beginning ofthe eon.
‘Age around 500 BC, society seems to have reached the form.
which the Romans encountered: tribes of farmers and herd
ers, protected and ruled by a warrior elite,
———

Roman Britain

Caesar's two expeditions to Briuin, in SS nd 54 BC, were
litle more than reconnaissance missions, and did not lead up
toan invasion. Augustus was more concemed with consoli-
dating and organizing the Roman Empire than extending its
boundaries, and although the mad Emperor Caligula made
fone attempt at 2 British expedition, thie ended in a farcical
scene on the coast of Gaul as he ordcted his troops to collect
seashells, which he took back to Rome and tried to pats off
asthe spoils from the conquest of the ocean. It was Dot unt
AD 43 that Caligula's successor Claudius undertook the
‘conquest of Briain

‘The lowlands of the south and east were quickly taken,
some by politics and some by force of ams. The Celtic tribes
and kingdouns were a fractious fo, and it was easy © play on
their rivalries and feuds and prevent ther uniting against the
‘common enemy. Things were harder going in the north and
‘West, where teerain was rougher and the tries were more
Independent. Fors white, the southern leader Caradoc (ai30
known as Caratacus o¢ Caractacus) seemed to have achance
of uniting the Britons, but he was defeated in battle and
subsequently betrayed to the Romans by another tribal ruler,

United Kingdom 9


The conquest of nrthem and western Britain tookanother
generation, and was never fully completed. A governor was
drafted in from Asia Minor, where he had had experience of
fighting in the hills of Afghanistan, and given the task of
conquering Wales. Guerilla warfare in the hills and moun-
tains was too much for the Romans, who contented them-
selves with razing Anglesey and pinning doven the coast with
‘chain of forts, Inthe north, the talented govemor Agricola
may have reached the northoen shores of Scotland, but the
nly sustainable frontier was the line of what later became
Hadrian's Wall.

Baitain was more or less peaceful from the end of th first
‘scttury AD, Roman wwns sprang up (die plice-name end-
ing-chester or-caster indicates Roman origin), trade flour-
ished, ante province gradually became civilized," Trouble
‘onthe northem frontier wasintermittent. Butby theend af the
‘hind century, Uouble was brewing elsewhere in Europe.

‘Germanic peoples from the non wereon the move: Goths
‘pushed southward across the frontiers in Germany and the
‘stem provinces, Franks moved into Gaul, Vandals headed.
‘through Spain to North Africa and then doubled back to
Sicily and southern Italy, Lombards pushed across the Alps
{nto northern Italy, and Saxons began to put pressure on the
‘stem coast of Britain.

‘The Angles, Saxons and Jutes werethree Germanic peoples
living in what is now northern Germany and southern Den-
mark, They began making raids on the easter coast of
Roman Brain, and later they came to scitle. Rame adopted
the shon-sighted policy of giving land to some Saxons on
condition that they kept others out; word gotaround that there
was free land (o be had in Britain, a settlement increased
Tn the north, the Scots had migrated from northem Ireland,
sand wore forcing the native Picts eastward as they setted
western Scotland.

Being a frontiet province, Britain was one of the first
places stripped of troops in order wo defend the rest of the
Empire, and sensing Roman weakness, the Picts and Scots
‘overran Hadrian's Wall and ravaged the north. Remaining
Roman forces in Britain mutinied repeatedly, and there were
some attempts to et up an independent Empire of Britain, but
‘no one could hold back the Saxons. In AD 410, a request for
bl was answered by a Jeter from Rome stating that Britain
‘must Jook to her own defense from now on, Roman Britain
was dead, and the Dark Ages had begun,

The Dark Ages

‘The Dark Ages aie so called because of the collapse of
Roman civilization in Britain, and because of the gap in
‘written history. This became a time of legend, with leaders
like Vertiger, Ambrosius (who may of may not have been.
Metin) and Artotius Rivikamnes (who may or may not have
been Asthut) fighting a losing bate against the incoming
flood of Saxons, The Romano-British population was gradu-
ally pushed back imo the north and west as the Saxons took

the lowlands, Some Beitons set sail for tre coutlices and
éstablished the province of Brittany.

The Saxons werea pagan people, worshipping gods closely
related tothe later deities of the Vikings. The Britons had
bocome Christian along with the rest ofthe Roman Empire,
and Christianity had even conquered Ireland where Rome
could not — according to legend, Saint Patrick was a Welsh-
smanby birt, taken olreland by slave-raiders, and processed
to convert the whole island to Christianity' in addition to
driving out the snakes, Now, eland set about converting the
Saxons. Island monasteries at Iona on the west coast of
‘Scotland and Lindisfarne on the northeast coast of England
Tormed the bases tor missionary activity, and by the time
Saint Augustine came from Rome to convert the people of
Kent in AD 597, Irish and Scottish missionaries had already
made great advances in the north,

‘Over the next few decades, the Saxons — or English, as
they called themselves — were gradually converted to
Christianity. Missionaries used a "top down" approach,
targeting rulersandhaving them enforce Christianity on their
subjects, Much of what later became witcheraft and faerie
lore was a garbled folk-memory of pre-Christian Saxon
tele,

England at this time consisted of a number of distinct
kingdoms. The most prominent were Northumbria in the
northeast, Mercia in the Midlands and Wessex in the south-
‘central region. Kent, Essexand Sussex were smallerkingdoms
‘who generally sided with Wessex, and in the northwest the
Saxon kingdom of Cumbria bordered on the tiny surviving

10 World of Darkness


British kingdom of Kimet. The lands of East Anglia were
muinly reed marsh, and apparently only sparsely settled —
by the Angles, who gave them their name,

The Vikings

In AD 793, the first recorded Viking raid struck the
undefended island monastery of Lindisfarne, off the
‘Northumbrian coast. Christian England was rocked 10 the
foundations by the ferocity ofthese pagan raiders itis ironic
that they were so sitnilar to the Saxons" own pagan ancestors.
Forthe next fifty years, aiding continued along the coasts of
England and on the mainland of Europe as well. Some saw it
as God's punishment for the sins of the people,

‘Towards the middleof the ninth century, the Scandinavians
bexantocolonize insteadofraiding. Around 840. Norwegians
in Ireland founded a city which became Dublin. In 866, the
‘Danes wok York and began to colonize the north of England,
In 911, Norwegians in France were granted land and the
Duchiy of Normandy was born. Mercia and Wessex fought a
series of losing bates, buying time with Danegeld ("Dane-
money": in effect, protection money) as they tried to muster
troops, and it was not until 878 that Alfred the Great of
Wessex stemmed the tide at the Baule of Edgingion and

forced the Danes to agree to a frontier —now the land was
divided into Christian England and the pagan Dunelaw.

With occasional batles and other problems, this situation
remained stable for a century of so. 1 tho year 1000, the
emtire Viking world bad accepted Christianity, England and
the Danelaw were subject to intermittent atacks by Sean
nuavian rulers who wanted ipadd this new Viking lando their
realms, The mostsuccessful was CnuttheGreat the legendary
King Canute) who in the early 11th century ruled Norway,
Denmark and the whole of England; for the fist time,
England was unified country under a single ruler. As is 50
‘often the case, Cnut's achievements died with him. His soa
Hardacnut became king of England, but upon his death was
succeeded by the Saxon Edward the Contessa,

Meanwille, a Norwegian prince called Harald Hardraa
retumed to hie homeland from Byzantium, whore he hod
served in the lite, ethnic Scandinavian Varangian Guard. Hie
‘demanded a share ofthe throne from his brother Magnus, and
shaky deal was arranged. Two years later, Magnus fll off
his horse and died, leaving Harald in control. He took
Denmark within a decade, and then tumod his eyes wo
England.

By now, Edward the Confessor was on his deathbes, nd
other eyes were on the dae of England, Edward's mot

United Kingdom ul


nated successor was Earl Harold Godwinson, but Duke
‘William the Bastard of Normandy had extracted a promise
from Harold that he would help him tothe throne of England
im Edward's death, When Edward died in 1060, Harald
Hardrada anacked the north; Harold Godwinson defeated
him at the Bate of Stumford Bridge, and then had to force-
march the length of the country to Hastings to face the
Invading forces of Duke William, At the Bate of Hastings
Harold was killed and the English forces routed; William the
‘Conqueror became the first Norman king of England,

Norman and Medieval England

‘Within 20 years, William 1 had subdued all of England,
ud the Normans mounted campaigns in freland, Norman
fe Varied trom firm to tyrannical, and his isthe background
forthe arly Robin Hood legends. The nobles who had helped
William were rewarded with grants of land, and form the
oldest of England's noble families. The barons built castles
0 awe the peasants and keep them in line, and the king built
castles and forts to keep the nobles in check.

William's successors strengthened the position of the
ruling classes, and also began to organize the administration
‘ofthe kingdom, As Dukes of Normandy, the kings of England
also had lands in France, which had to be maintained and
defended. These lands presented the king with a dilemma,

which characterized much of the Middle Ages. Fighting
endless wars in France drained the kingdom of money and
‘manpower and necessitated. unpopular taxes which som
‘Uimes lod to revolis; on the oWwer hand, falting to Hight in
France threatened the Baron's interests there and gave the
‘king a reputation for being weak, which could lead to a coup
bby the nobility. When King John signed the Magna Carta in
1215, it was under the threat of Just such a coup.
England's holdings in France gradually dwindled. Wales
‘was conquered by Edward I, but border conflicts and raiders

from Scotland were constant problems. Campaignsin Irland
‘were inconclusive and bloody,

The Tudors

‘The Wars of the Roses tasted from the 1460s to the
succession of Henry Tudor as King Henry VIL. England was
divided into two factions, led by thenoble houses of Lancaster
(whose badge was a red rose) and York (whose badge was a
white rose), When the dust had sewed, the Lancastrian house
f Tudor had gained the throne, but only had a very weak
claim tot. Henry made the most of people's {ears of renew
civil war, and was able to bring peace and stability to the
kingdom despite various rebels and pretenders.

Henry was succeeded by his second san, Henry VIll, an
enthusiastic scholar who dreamed of bringing Renaissance

R World of Darkness


slory to England. Hie encouraged the arts and sciences, and
reorganized the administration for greater efficiency, but
desperately nceded a male heir to secure the succession and
prevent a fresh set of civil wars breaking out after his death,
He had a healthy daughter, Mary. from his marriage to the
‘Spanish princess Catherine of Aragon, but they had no tive
male child.

Henry applied tothe Pope fora divorce on the grounds that
the marriage was incestuous; Catherine had beea married to
Henzy's older brother Arthur, but Arthur had died shortly
after and Catherine maintained that the marriage had never
‘been consummated. Relations with Rome became strained,
and eventually Henry founded the Anglican church with
himself atthe bead, placing al temporal and spiritual authority
jn England in the hands of the king. The Reformation was in
‘progress elsewhere in Europe — in fact, Henry had earlier
‘written a denunciation of Luther for which the Pope had
given him the title "Defender of the Faith" — and Henry
began the systematic destruction of Catholicism on the
‘grounds that it could become a focus for rebellion,

Henry VII is best known for his six marriages. After
divorcing Catherine of Aragon he married the English
noblewoman Anne Boleyn;againthey had abealthy daughter,
Flizabeth, hut agnin there was no male heir Anne's fiery
temper was a maich for Henry's own,and after a marriage of
Just under three years she was ited for adultery and treason.
and beheaded,

Henry's third wife, Jane Seymour, wasa gentle and devout
soul, and gave him what he had wanted for so long: a son,
Edward. She died soon after the birth, however, and Flemry
‘as persuaded to marry the German princess Anne of Cleves
‘espartofa plan fora grand Protestant alliance. The marriage
‘was never consummated, and cnded in divorce after short
while,

Now aging, Henry was persuaded into a fifth marriage by
the ambitious Duke of Norfolk, who proposed a match with
his nioce Catherine Howard. She was later found to be
‘entertaining a string of younger lovers and executed for
‘adultery and treason, Henry's last marriage was to twice-
‘widowed Catherine Parr, and according to tradition it was the
happiest.

Edward V was nine years old when Henry died, and was
sickly child, He died of tuberculosis at theage of 15.He was
succeeded by Mary, the daughter of Henry and Catherine of
Aragon; sill a devout Catholic, she married King Philip of
Spain and reestablished Catholicism in England, suppressing
Protestants withthe same ferocity asher fatherhad suppressed
‘Catholics, thus earning the nickname "Bloody Mary." A
‘group of Protestant nobles tried to put 16-year-old Lady Jane
Grey on the throne, but she lasted only nine days before Mary
‘had her imprisoned and subsequently executed.

(On Mary's death, ber half-sister Elizabeth — who had
done well o survive the turmoil since Henry's death —came
to the throne as Queen Elizabeth I. She reestablished the
‘Church of England and suppesced Catholice once more, a2

‘Potential rebels. Her rejection of a marriage with the king of
Spain insulted that nation, and led to plans for an invasion
‘which came to fruition in the abortive mission ofthe Spanish
‘Armada in 1588, She never married, remaining wed to hex
nation and people, Under Elizabeth's rule, England first
‘began w explore the New World (thecolony of Virginia was
named after the Virgin Queen), and English privateer/ex-
plorers like Drakeand Hawkins harried Spanish shipping and
explored the world. Shakespeare wrote many of his plays
daring her reign — and mostof viehistorical payshavebeon
slanted to favor the Tudor dynasty.

The Stuarts

Etizabeth died unmarried and childless, and the prospect
‘of more civil wars could not be discounted, King James VIof
‘Scotland was one of several people with a claim on the
Englishthrone, and when he was crowned James lof England,
‘the mainland of Britain was united under a single rule forthe
first time,

‘The Stuart dynasty was for the most parta time of growth
and optimism. The merchants of London, in particular, were
bringing enormous. wealth into the county, and English
‘merchants and explorers were paving the way foe the tater
development of the British Empire

‘Asclsewhere in the world, this period also saw a bootn in
‘witch trials; among the more notorious were the trials ofthe
Berwick witches, accused to trying to summon a storm to
drown the king, and the Pendle witch trials in Yorkshire,
‘which have been compared to the trials of Salem. James 1
‘wrote a slim volume on Daemonalogie (sic), whose reprint-
ing inapired Shakespeare to write Macheth (the victorious
Duncan of the play was onc of James" distant ancestors),

Political rouble was brewing, for James {believed in the
divine right of kings, 2 feudal idea which had beea tacitly
{gnored since the thirteenth century. He insisted that he was
answerable only to God, and quarrelled with Parliament on
several occasions. His son and successor Charles I continued
in this vein, and the result was the English Civil War,

The Civil War

From 1642 to 1652, the crown was in constant dispute with
Parliament. Open war broke out between the Royalist
"Cavaliers" and the Parliamentarian "Roundheads" led by
Oliver Cromwell, Charles I was executed in January 1649,
and Cromwell ruled as Lord Protector during the period
known as the Commonwealth. His rule was harsh, particu-
larly in Ireland where his memory is stitl hatcd. Cromwell
died in 1658, and two years ater the Stuart King Charles IL
‘came to the throne. There was still a great deal of tension
between Royalists and Parliamentarians and between
‘Catholics and Protestants, and a Catholic plot nearly ruined
the succession of James II, In 1666, London was almost
‘completely destroyed by a great fire, but it was soon rebuilt.

United Kingdom 13


"The period after the Civil War is known as the Restoration of
‘the Monarchy, and was a time of some decadence ifthe so-
called Restoration Comedies are accurate mirrors of society.

‘The Stuart kings were dogged by politcal instability, and
4 1688 James I was faced by a caucus of nobles who invited
William of Orange to invade England, James was defeated by
hisowntroops and fled, and William married James" daughter
Mary with whom he was declared joint monarch, They were
succeeded by Queen Anne, in whuse reign Englaud aid
Scotland were formally joined by the Actof Union, creating,
Great Britain

The House of Hanover

Arising from the Electors of Hanover in Germany, this
dynasty consisted of George 1-LV, William IV and Victoria,
{twas during this period that the British Empire reached its
height, Napoleon Bonaparte rose and fell, the' American
colonics declared and won independence, and — during
George I's madness when his son (later George IV) ruled as.
Prince Regemt — the "Regency" period, a very fashionable
‘ime with an active town life, the time of Beau Brummel and
the fictional "Scarlet Pimpernel," Sir Percy Blakeney.

<< ————______
he Victorian Era

‘Queen Victoria ruled from 1837-1901, the longestreignof
sy monarch in British history. The Victorianera saw Britain
‘ise to ils greatest power, with an empire covering one-
«quarter ofthe Earth's land surface. Immense fortunes were
made, especially in industry, but wealth tended to remain
‘concentrated in afew hands. Various attempts were made to
lmprove working conditions and the Loto the poor, starting
with he socially conscious novelsof Dickens and culminating
inthe formation of the Labour movement.

The 20th Century

‘The 20th century was more or essa period of decline in
Britain, The reign of Edward Vil continued the glory ofthe
Vievorian era, but World War { changed British society
radically, Most Victorian generals had been fighting wars
which matched single-shot Martni- Henry rifle against spears
and arrows, and the Crimean War and the heroic but futile
Charge of the Light Brigade represented the warfare of a
bygone age. Few European military thinkers had paid any
auuetion othe carnage of the American Civil War, and atthe
outbreak of World War I most commanders looked back to
the ers of Napoleon,

‘The bloodshed was appalling. Improved artillery, arial
bombardment, and above all the water-cooled machine gun
decimated soldier who were ordezed ta advance in ranks at
walking pace, and shot for mutiny if they refused. Thousands
oflives weroexchanged fora few yards of ground, which was
won back later at a similar cost.

‘The brutality and senseless bloodshod of the Great War, as
‘twas called, widened the gap between the classes. The upper
classes, who formed the officer corps, became characterized
as feckless, uncaring and incompetent — leading wo the
upper-class twit caricature which had its golden age in the
1920s, Revolution in Russia led to the fear that it would
spread across Europe, while the lower clases increasingly
saw their true enemy as the industrialists and officers rather
than their counterparts in the opposite menches

‘Aficrthe Great War, society was changed for ever. Women
hhad entered the workforce in significant nurnbers forthe frst
time, and won the vote in Britain in 1918. Fewer and fewer
nvwstiolds could afford servants, and douestic sails — aand
‘consequently houses — became smaller. Industral reforms
Jed wa slightly more even distribution of profits, encouraged
by the growth of the Labour movement after the war and
events lke the General Strike of 1926

‘The 1920s and 1930s were. time scarching fora meaning,
in many ways, In the aftermath of the Great War there were
‘many social changes, and society was feeling its way into the
znow onter. Britain was still major world power, but ts hold
‘was slipping; Empire began to give way to Commonwealth
as former colonies began to agitate for home rule.

4 World of Darkness


‘The cuphoria of the 1920s, when the young tried to forest
the experiences ofthe war, gave way toa different fecling as
the Depression began to bite. Britons watched with a mixture
fof bemusement and laughter as a funny lite man with a
Charlic Chaplin moustache came 10 power in Germany.
Germany's power began to rebuild, and suddenly — or 50 it
seemed — Herr Hitler was laying down terms to the rest of
Europe, People wanted to avoid another war, butafteraserics
‘of broken treaties and ignored threats, it became inevitable,
For Britain, World War II began in September 1939, whea
yyetanother warning was ignored and German forces invaded
Poland.

‘Ihe Second World War was ditferent trom the first. The
Jessons had been learned well, and although Germany dem-
onstrated a better command of modem military theory and
technology than its opponents inthe opening years of the war,
‘hore was no repeat of the camage of World War |. Germany
continued to sweep all before her, and when France fell in
1940 allied forces evacuated under fire from Dunkirk in just
about every vessel that was capable of crossing the Channel,
Inthe words of Prime Ministec Churchill, the Battle of France
was over, and the Battle of Britain had begun,

Forthe nextthree years, Britain was under almostconstant
actial bombardment. For the fist time, civilian targets suf=
fered significant damage as London and other cities were
bombed. There had been a few bombing raids by zeppelins
during World War 1, bat they were few and mainly for
propaganda; this time it was total war. While fighting to
‘prevent a German invasion, Britain also had to face Japanese
‘advances inher Asian colonies, and fight Germany in Africa,
Refugees from Nizi-occupied Europe came to Britain and
fought valiantly, but things looked bleak. America was
giving aid, but would not enter the war, and the Atlantic
supply routes were patrolled by deadly packs of U-boats.

In December 1941, Japan bombed Pearl Harborin Hawaii,
and America entered the war. It was to be some time before,
US forces committed themseives toa second frontin Europe,
‘but when they arrived a new hope seemed to dawn. American
bombers flying from bases in Britain cnabled round-the-
clock bombing of targets inside Germany, and helped cripple
‘he industrial base ofthe German war machine. A vast influx
‘of men and machines made it possible to reenter Europe, and
allied forces landed in Normandy in June 1944, After a year
of hard fighting, Hitler was dead and Nazi Germany had
collapsed.

Britain was exhausted. Most of her major cites were in
rubble, but offers of economic aid from America were
declined, Antica had established hecself as a supcrpowec,
and was gaining a strong grip on Europe in the growing cold
wac with Soviet Russia; like France, Britain wanted to
‘maintain a measure of independence. The years after the war
wesecharacterived by the official word "austecty "sever yone
had to pull in their belts, work to rebuild the nation, and not
expect loo much,

United Kingdom 1s

uuu

World Werll also dealta fata blow to the Deitish Empire.
‘Thetwo decades after the war saw more former colonics than
‘ever gaining independence, and Britain tried to reconcile
itself ipbeing a minor power once more, Labour govemments
after the war were ideologically opposed to the idea of an
‘empire, and there was much to do at home; the foundations
‘were laid for a welfare state, where every citizen would
receive economic and medical assistance at need from the
radio to the grave, rogardlcas of ability to pay.

Tithe lato 1950s and carly 1960s, some ofthe euphoria of
therock ‘n' roll era spread across the Atlantic from Americ
Eversince theinventionof moving pictures, Britshaudiences
hhad boed firm devotees ofthe Holly wood dream factory, snd
‘now American music swept the nation in a big way for the
firsttime since Glenn Mille, British music madcits own way
{in the world, too, with names like the Beatles, the Animals,
the Kinks, tie Yardbirds, Cream, Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple
and Black Sabbath arising through the '60s. An economic
‘boom in the second half of the decade convinced people that
the bad times were over and it was time to party

‘The party came to a sharp halt in the mid-19705 when
recession threatened once more, Economic decline hit tra-
ditional industries like coal, ste! and shipbuilding, and even

the normally safe havens of banking and insurance services
suffered. Conservative govemments were constanily hwaries
by the increasingly powerfulunions, and Labour governments
seemed unable to avoid running up massive deficits. Even the
developing exploitation of North Sea oil did nothing 10
change the general downward tend. The euphoria of the'60s
‘was wearing thin, and out of the resulting frustration, hope
{essness and sense of betrayal was bom a fashion and music
‘movement characterized by anger, inverted snobbery, crass-
‘ness and violence. linever gave itself a name, but those who
cashed in called it Punk

In 1979.aConservative goverment was elected under the
leadership Margscet Thatcher, Britain's First female Prime
Minister Desperateills required desperatscures, the country
‘was told, and things would get worse before they got beter,
Acruthless economic policy destroyed many "lame-duck™
industries and weakened the unions: them: wer strikes,
[protests and violence as the police were deployed in force 10
Keep order, Unemployment soared, reaching. almost 10%
‘tionally and according to some sources rising above 90%
in some ofthe hantest-hit areas. Simultaneously, the welfare
system was reduced, and people were told to look aftce
themselves instead of expecting the state to look after them,

{In 1982, Argentina invaded the Falkland Islands, a small
_sr0upiin the south Adantic Ut still bonged to Britain. The
government seized the moment, and mourned ahuge military
‘campaign to liberate the thousand oso islanders. The cam-
paign — for war was never formally declared — briefly
tunited die nation, and took people's minds off problems at
ome. Shortly afterward, the US bombing of Libya from
‘bases in Britain and the installation of Cruise missiles in the
same bases led 101 wave of anti-American feeling, fucled by


the personal friendship hetween Thatcher and US. President
Ronald Reayan; Britons began to wonder who ruled the
country.

‘Those who survived and throve in Thatcher's Britain
became Yuppies; the commercial south of the country fared
reasonably well, while the industrial north was hardest hit.

parties were tom by intemal strife and made

Opposition
themselves unokectable, handing the Thatcher administration
‘2 second and third tam one of the most unpopular

administrations ofthe century, but, in hee own words, "there
is no ahemnative."

For a while, it began to look as though these desperate
measures might work. Financial deregulation eatoa Yuppie.
Revolution and an increase in wealth in the mic."80s, but the
‘ch gotricher and the rest stayed more or less the same. Many
‘were caught up in the materialism of the age, but the trade
deGcit only yor worse as they Dought imported prestige
items, The ax system was altered to reduce the crippling tax
burden which Labour governments had placed on the rich,
tbat when local governments were instructed to enforce the
Community Charge —effectivelya polltax, forthe first time
since the Feasant's Revolt of 1381 — there was widespread
and violent protest.

‘When, after 10 years in power, the country was once more
‘in mach the same state as before, Margaret Thatcher was
toppled by a coup within the Conservative party. Her sup-
‘Porters retained eoowgh powcr io ensure that her nominated
‘successor John Major became Prime Minister, and apart from
«slight softening of polices very lite changed,

The Kine

God save the queen
The fascist regime
And there's no fuwre
And Eneland's screaming
—Sex Pistols, God Save the Queen

‘The mortals of Britain are not much different from the
‘momals of any other place. They tend wo be more private and
respectful of pavacy than other nations, and they are also
‘more suspicious of change: rather thedevil you know than the
evil youdon't Pessimismand cynicismhave almost become
national traits over the last couple of decades, but everything
\s expressed ina very understated way. It has been said that
the highest praise from a Britis to say thata thing is "not too
bad," while the gravest condemnation is "not much good."

‘Theclass system effectively diedinthesocialchanges that
took place between the two World Ware, but its traces still
remain in the way blue-collar workers and white-collar
workers regard cach other, and in the differences between
regions, London and the southeast are largely commercial

and light industrial areas, with heavy industry — such as
remains — being based mainly inthe cities of the Midlands
andNorth. Tothe northemer, the southemeriseffete, affected
‘and entirely untrustworthy: © the southeret, there is no
civilized life north of the Watford Gap (a service station on
the MI motorway, about 30 minutes nonth of London).

The British Isles have a surprisingly wide range of re-
‘gional accents, subcultures and outlooks for such a small
arca, and uiucl of Wiis is rowed in tie old Saxon kingdoms,
andin the differences between England and the Danclaw. Put
an East Ender in a pub with a Geordie, and they would have
toworkio understandeach other, Accents and dialects are not
{quite #0 pronounced as hey were in the past, a3 comiact
between regions has become more widespread atall levels in
the last century,

Types of Kine

Worker

‘Workers of most types are not too much different from
their American counterparts. Britain once had a bad namic as
the strike capital of the world, but union-management con
flict has lessened since the "70s, partly because of the fear
‘created by company threaten recessionand partly because
ofextensive legislation by the Thatcher governmentto weaken
union power,

Police

‘The British police (sometimes called "Bobbies" after Sir
Robert Peel, who founded London's Metropolitan Police in
1829) arebest knownto foreigners for the fact that they do not
routinely carry firearms, Some officers are trained in the use
of firearms and may be isswed with them ifthe need arises,
‘and there are some branches (notably the anti-terrorist and
diplomatic protectionarms of Special Branch) whose officers
‘re normally armed. Most police forces — especially in
urban areas — compensate fortis by training ther officers
in unarmed combat; Shotokan Karate is favorite.

"The basic unit on the street isthe two-man ear (some are
called "panda cars" because of theirblack-and-whiteorblac-
‘and-white markings), and officers normally go everywhere
in pairs or multiples of pairs, Mounted officers and dog
handlers are used in many cities to keep ander on Friday and
‘Saturday night, at soccer matches, and in the event of riots.

Riot units are equipped with coveralls of ballistic materia!
‘or other heavy cloth, full-head helmets with ear-to-car, brow-
to chin ploxiglass visors, rectangular full-body shiclds of tie
‘same material, and batons. Some officers may use grenade
launchers to fire tear gas in extreme situations, and in the
troubled province of Northem Ireland both police and the
army use plastic or rubber bullets in riots,

Youth Culture

16 World of Darkness


British Isles

Ente Gy


Punks may stil be seem in many of Britain's cities, butthoy
‘re not as numerous o¢as flamboyant as they were in the late
70s and early 80s, in London especially, they exploit their
‘newfound status a8 tourist atractions, sometimes begging
‘money in exchange for allowing themselves to be photo-
graphed

‘Skinheads area small but constant presence, but are motas
politically motivated or well-organized as they are in many
Dartsof the United States. Some have links with racist groupe
— especially the right-wing National Front Party — but
‘many are justin the mavemeat forthe fighting, especially at
soccer matches.

Headbangers arca growing pactof Britain's youliculure;
they've been around since the "70s, but the rise of thrash,
speed and death mital during the lac '80s and early 90s has
Jedio something of rebirth. Bands like Anthrax and! Napalm
Death are favoritos. More mainstream heavy tock has
smaller but equally loyal following. Apart from music and
the rock ‘n' rol lifestyle (Le, sex and drugs and...) lle
unites this group; they will only normally com together to
‘organize a party, and have few political or other interests,

Hippies have seen something ofa rebirth in the atic part
of the 80s, with the growth of environmental concerns and
the rise of the New Age movement. Ripped military pants,
lneavy miliary boots, geateoais, Ue dyes and wild, matted
Ihsir Gometimies shaved high at the sides) are Uhe current
uniform, This group has a largeanarchist contingent, and was
the forefront of many of the Poll Tax riots,

Gothické, Goths or Goth-punks are the youth culture of
‘ost interest to tho world of Vampire, Most dress in stark
black and white, and both sexes wear heavy makeup most of
the time. Big hair, normally dyed jet black, is the main
teademark. They afe at their most impressive when they 80
‘out for the evening — even the dowdicst of them could
‘outshine the photo-session outfits oftheir musical idols the
Damned, the Cure, the Sisters of Mercy, and so on. The
‘abloid press occasionally writes sensationalised stories of
bbchaviorin this group which closely mirrors thatof the Blood
Dolls of the states,

‘A group which attained some notoriety inthe fate "708 and
"20s were the so-called Hooray Hearies. These aro the off-
spring of wealthy families, often around college age, whose
parties hayean unfortunate tendency to dissolve into drunken,
hooliganism and destruction of penperty. They are quick to
‘off to pay for damage, and seem to think that this takes care
‘of everything — indced, many of them insist that they have
4 perfect right to behave as they wish so long as they are
prepared to nay. and acense those wha disagree of having no
Sense of humor. Many "80s Yuppies — especially those in
high-pressure, high-income jobs like curreacy dealing
bbehaved in much the same way. This group has become less
visible since the end of the "0s, hat can sil be found in any
of Britain's more prestigious universities, especially Oxford,
‘Cambridge, Durham and Bristol.

Minorities

Pethaps thomostlasting legacy ofthe aysof Empire isthe
cehnic mix which has tured most of Britain's cities into,
ccaltural melting pots (and, occasionally, powderkegs).

Immigration was not common before the end of World
‘War Il. ln the 19th century there were Chinese communities
‘in London, around Sobo and Limebouse, and in Manchester,
‘with smaller communities elsewhere. But it has heen in the
lar half of the 20th cenuary that Britain has seen the most
immigration, After World War I, people flooded in from the
Indian subcontinent and from the Caribbean. Indians, Paki-
stanis, Bengalis and Sri Lankans constitute Britain's largost
‘ethnic minority, with West Indians (or Afro-Caribbcans, 10
use the official term) a close second. Most of Britain's larger
cites now have atleast one mosque, andlslamisthe county's
fastest-growing religion. In West Indian communities
Rastafarianism is the religionculture of choice for a large
part of the younger population, although American rap and
‘street culture are much copied, expecially among teenagers,

‘The Midlands have a small but appreciable Eastern E-
ropean population, founded mainly by refugecs from Nazi
invasion in World Was I, Other ethnic groups include Arabs
and Persians (mainly concentrated in London's West End),
Irish (London and Liverpool have the largoet communitics),
and — especially in London —a dash of every other nation
‘on Earth,

‘Race relations in Britain are normally peaceful (if some-
‘what reserved), but a flareup is never far away, especially if
there is a confrontation with the still predominantly white
police force. In the early 80s, many of Britain's cities were
rocked by riots that exploded in minority areas after brutal,
factless or just plain unfortunate incidents involving ths
police, Briain has a body of well-intentioned race relations
Jegislation that never quite seems to work as well a it was
planned to, and as much as ever things are down to the
‘Personal aiiludes anal prejudices of the individual. Anti
Semitism is comparatively rare in Britain; the Jewish popu-
lation is largely integrated with the white Anglo-Saxon
‘majority. The bulk of racial atacks since the 1970shavebeen
‘vested atthe fado-Pakistani population,

Transportation

‘Amicncan characters will find driving an interesting ex-
perionce in the British Isls. The most obvious difference is
that the British drive on the left, but there is far more, The
‘motorways are kept in reasonable repair, but are much more
heavily used than most American highways — except pos-
sibly those around the great easter cities al the Greater Los
‘Angeles area, British drivers move faster (the speed limit on
‘most rads of any size is 70:mph, and the average speed is
around 83 mph) and are less courteous than many of their
‘American counterparts. Drivers from the eastern cities will
feel right at home.

18 World of Darkness


‘Minor roads tend to be narrow, with just enough room for
two compact cars to pass each other, and especially in the
‘countryside they wind constantly and are often fringed by
dense hedges eight or more feet high— the result being that
forward visibility is rarely more than 30 yards or so. This
encrally doesnot discourage both locals and strangers from
‘going everywhere ata minimum speed of 60 mph, In London
—and increasingly in other large cities — the overclogged
suads reduce ualfic around 15-20 mph, much the same
‘speed as was attained by the horsedrawn transportation ofthe
‘Victorian era, Parking in London is an absolute nightnare,
‘even if one survives the traffic, and the best way to get
anywhere in London und dhe southeast is by train,

Like most European nations, Britain has a railroad system
‘which is far superior to anything inthe New World. Although
Brits delight in moaning about the delays and irregularity of
‘he trans, it has to be said that on average thoy arc only afew
‘minutes late and every community of any sizoin the whole of
the United Kingdom has its own railway station, Note the
‘word railway";railroads arean American invention, andquize
different. Some cities also have intemal rail transit systems
— the London Underground or "Tube" and the Tyneside
"Metro of Newcastle-Upon-Tyne are the two best-known,

Mast of the larger citics have regional airports. and Lon-
dom has three, Heathrow is the best-known, and still handles
the majority of Briwin's air waffic; Gatwick is growing fast,
but is hampered by the fact that ic has only one runway and
the development of surrounding housing has left litte room
for growth. Stanstead is small compared to the other two, and
is used mainly by charter operations, package tour operators
andprivateaviation. ALondon Docklands airport was opened
in the bear of the city as part of an effort to rejuvenate the
‘declining. Victorian dock areas and tur them into a Yuppic
paradise, butt is severely limited inthe size of aircraft itcan
handle (30-odd-seat commuter jets like the de Havitland
Dash-7 are the upper limit), and by noise abatement regula-
tions in the densely occupied surrounding arca.

The Kindred

Sure, scrap. I's fallin' apart. Everyone hates everyone
«else, people play pass-the-parcel pushin' the blame around,
and no one does nuffink (o solve the problems. But its stilt
home, init?
~ Andy, Caitiff Anarch

Britain is. realm in conflict, and the struggles amiong the
Kindred have oceasionally mad themselves feltin the mortal
‘world, especially over the last two decades. The British Isles
are small and relatively densely populated, and there is
friction betwoen fiefs as well as between Clans.

United Kingdom ob]

a |

Endless Conflict

London s racked by a power struggle between the Ventrue
and Tremere, which constantly theatens to spllawerinta the
rest of the country.

AAs far as anyone knows, the rivalry between Tremere and
‘Ventrue dates back wo the ate 13th century — the time, ome
say significantly, whca the Gant Undead Tiewese same w de
{sland and the fef of Winchester moved from Glastonbury.
Glastonbury had been the center of the Tremere migration,
and the powers auributed to that fics leaders are immense.
However, no direct conociou has eves buen proven between
the mysterious fief of Winchester and events in London,

‘Tue growing power of London over the restof the country,
through Ventrue control of the monarchy, led to various of
the smaller fiets sponsoring the Barons" Revolt of 1258.
Efforts to circumvent the effects of Venue power over the
king —of which the signing of the Magna Carta in 1215 was
cone by-product — had come to nothing, and although the
‘evolt was not planned or orchestrated by the lesser fiefs in
concert, one by one almost all of them encouraged their
‘mortal pawns to join in. The institution of the English
Parliament by the Brujah-inspired Simon de Montfort was a
clear message to the Ventruc of London that expansion
would not go unchecked.

‘The Black Death of the mid-14th century, coming s0.000
after the arival of the Tremere, helped create more distrust
among the Kindred. The Ventrue leader Mithras and his
followers had already decided that the Barons" Revolt was
‘nationwide conspiracy against London, and rumors that the
plague had been created deliberately by an unholy alliance of
‘Tremere and Seties mised Ventr feelings in London othe
Pitch of paranoid hysteria.

‘The situation became even worse when it was discovered
that the Black Death couldatfectthe Kindred directly at well
asthreatening their food supply; theninth and 10th Generations
jn London were all bat wiped out when they caught the
plague by feeding on tainted mortals. Few of earlier Gencra-
tions also succumbed, for the thinner, younger Blood was
‘more susceptible. As the country's largest city, London was
‘naturally hardest hit by the plague, and roports of extensive
damage in other fiefs were largely ignored as conspiracy
panic ran wild.

Mitheas siezed the opportunity to rid himself of an ob-
structive Tremere presence in London, and through pawns he
‘orchestrated a popular outcry against the Tremere. Inamajor
silly and poliveal coup, Ventruc agontscapnured he bead
‘of the London Chantry and made an example of him for
allegedly causing the plaguc. A round of witch trials rated
the Tremere of most of their mortal agents, and although
appeals for ald wore sent wo Vienna, the Elders dia nowing,
Fora century oF $0, the Tremere of London went into hiding:
some, itis suid, made their way to safe exile in Winchester.


For the next couple of centuries, the Venirus grip on
London —and thus on much of England — was secure. Tbe
"Tremere wercion weakand scatteredofightopealy, but they
followed the example of the rest oftheir Clan in Europe by
subdly gaining control ofa numberof important trade guilds
as the middie classes rose in power. Their most notable
success throughout Europe was with the stonemasons, The
Venirue had concentrated their efforts on the throne and the
nobility, and x6 the feudal sysiem declined they found the
‘economic power of the middle classes an ever-present an-
noyance. The Tremere continued to shape the craft guilds
into more flexible organizations, creating a potent political
weapon s guild membership beeame inctnimental in select.
ing the Lond Mayor of London and various other mortal
dignitaries. Eventually the power ofthe crown and nobility
in London was effectively curtailed,

{fa mainland Europe, the Reformation was in full swing as
ration after nation broke from Rome and embraced Protes-
tantiam. Henry VIILof England did so forhis own reasons and
without any Kindred involvement, although elsewhere in
Europe the Reformation was cacouraged as a means of
beaking fre of a growing Ventrve stranglehold on power,
articulated in tho breathing world through Church leaders.
London Brujah seized the chance to remove a number of
Ventre and their mortal pavens, and stip others of thie
power, through the Act of Supremacy which made the king
— ironically now abandoned by the Longion Ventrue—head
‘of Church and State at once, and held Catholic sentiment as
‘reason. European connections were also held to be suspect,

weakening the Tremere furnherasall hope of aid from Viena
‘was cut off. In the following decades, it is rumored, a
powerful coterie of Ventrue in Spain made moves to aid
Mithras and his followers, but without effect.

‘A further dimension was added to the turmoilas Toreadors
formally entered the fray. With London's Ventrue weak,
Jocsl Toreadors recruited help from their traditional strong-
hold of Edinburgh; as Brujah and Veniruc fought each other
to place thelr mortal pawns on the throne, the matter was
‘suddenly seiled when James VI of Scotland became James
of England. Both Brujah and Ventrue suspected cach other
‘of complicity in this move, but it was simply a naked move
for power by the Toreador'.

‘The Toreador couphad been well-planned, and fora while
all was comparatively peaceful. The Ventre lay low and
regrouped, while the Brajah were divided by suspicion and
‘ecrimination and briefly lost all unity and cohesion. Fresh
Witch trials, fueled by an ansi-witcheraft tact published
under King James' name, held the Tremere down, although
the Catholic Gunpowder Plot of 160Siis belicved by many to
havebeen backed by the Tremere. Several prominent Tremere
set out for the newly discovered western colonics, but they
‘were pursued even there and their attempts to build a power
base received a sharp sethack in the Massachuscts Bay
Colony,

Toreador rule came to an end mainly because of political
naiveté, Clinging single-mindedly to their contol of the
king, they found themselves outmancuvered and isolsted by
« popular anti-royalist movemeat. The Ventrue had leamed
the bitter lesson about the power of the commons, and were
able to deal Toreador powera severe blow with the execution
of Charles 1 and the rise of Cromwell's Roundheads.

‘The English Civil War was fought by night as well as by
day. Ventrue specialists had created anear-unstoppable force
inthe New Model Army, and in the person of Oliver Cromwell
‘they had their mostffective mortal agent forsomccerterics,
though their control over him was never a sure thing. The
‘Toreadors continuedto fight forthe throne, andthe flamboyant
Royalist Cavalis retlected their idea of an army as much as
the Roundheads reflected the Venirue preference for fice
tiveness atany cost. A decade of strugglc ensued, with carly
Ventrue gains being effectively consolidated until the death
‘of Cromwell in 1658.

"The Toreadors— now sald w be backed by Ue regrouped
‘power of the Tremere — were able to restore the monarchy
aftera series of tense peace negotiations withthe Ventruc, but
the peace was fragile and conspiracies were exposed among
Kindred und kine alike. The Great Fire of London in 1666
may have been the work of Anarchs, but is thought by many
to have boen Tremere-inspired. The plague which swept the
city inthe previous yearraised the spectre of a Tremere-Setite
alliane. Bout Torcadors und Yenurue were weakened Dy the
events of the past century. and the time was ripe for a coup.
|twasthe Ventrue, however, who prevailed with the founding
of the House of Oninge, and the Act of Union which joined

20 World of Darkness


Scotland to England and Wales and created the United
‘Kingdom was a clear signal to the Edinburgh Toreadors that
London was not to be trifled with.

‘The 1693 Treaty of Durham will not be found in any
‘moral history books, but was a tuming point forthe Kindred
of the British Isles, The Torcadors were effectively routed,
and in exchange for Ventrue guarantees not to attack their
stronghold in Edinburgh they agreed to seck nto power in
London beyond the Elysium, and never to conspire with o
coffer support to the Tremere, The Toreador presence in
London was held by the treaty to have the status of hostages
{o guaranice the treaty, and a smaller number of Edinburgh
‘Ventrue were likewise agreed to stand surety against any
‘Ventrue attack or encroachment. The Tremere were thought
to have been broken by the witch wials of the previous
century, and the crowning success in the New World dem-
‘onstrated wall that London' sreach was long andits vengeance
devastating.

‘But there were factions within the Toreador chafing atthe
‘humitiationof this forced treaty, and in 1715 several Edinburgh
Ventrue were slaughtered and a Scottish uprising sought to
‘put James Stewart, "the Old Pretender," on the throne of
England. This rising failed, but the Toreadors tried again 30
years laiee and came closer to success with Bonnie Prince
‘Chace in 1745, The Ventrue of London had ther hands full
at this time, tying to repair an Tncident two years earlier in
which an Anarch named Ratherfurd had made a misguided
sllompt to take over a prominent Masonic lodge by openly
revealing himself and a cerain amount of Kindred lore.
While the uprisings were put down, London made no move
against Edinburgh, and although a few of the Toreador
hoxtagesin[ nndon weresdestmyestinreprical. mast reraunced
any attachment to Edinburgh and some even voluntarily
Bound themselves to Mithras.

‘The end of the century saw a great influx of French
Kindred into London, The French Revolution was deviating
the mortal aristocracy, and the chateau Havens of many
French Kindred had been destroyed. Most of the refugees
were Ventnie, and willingly swore allegiance to Mithras,
strengthening the Ventruc in Loudon even further. With
Mithras in undisputed command of London, a period of
stability began which was to last almost until the end of the
19h century, The growing industrial towns of the north
developed into lessee ficfs, and many looked to London
rather than nearby York fora lead; some were even colonized
from London by Mithras' own Progeny. Britain reached the
‘height ofits imperial power, and Midhras became one ofthe
rmost respected Kindsed ia the workd. The Anachs sore
growing in power throughout the islands, but their main
sirength remained in the industrial north, where they had a
part in the early history of the Labour movement, cashing in
the disruption caused by the Luddite and Chartist move=
‘ments. London was largely untouched,

‘Though cowed, the Tremere were far from defeated. Dee,
‘who had joined the Clan at their darkest hour, had become its

Jeader in London as mach by the feat of surviving as for any
‘other reason, On the advice of the Elders in Vienna, he had
kepta low profile forthe lastcouple of centurics, laying plans
‘and waiting for the right time. In the latice part of the 19th
‘century, there was a surge in popular interest in spiritualism
and other occult matters, which Dee did much 1 encourage,
‘Table-rappers and palm-readers flourished, and so many
‘small organizations grew up that it was impossible wo tell the
‘genuine from the charlatans, much less discover which gmap
— if any — was Tremere-sponsored, This effective
smokescreen kept the genuine Tremere operations largely
safe from Ventruc agents, and before long Chantries were
established in all but the smallest of the new fief.

‘Mithras was enraged by the resurgence of the Tremere,
‘and frustrated by their tactics which made his agents search
through hundreds of suspects without finding a trace of
‘Tremere involvement. Afier a few abortive actions in which
it was clear that the Masquerade would fall before the
‘Tremere did, Mithras changed his tack, and useda Malkavian
pawn to Embrace a rebellious occultist named Aleister
‘Crowley. Convinced that he belonged toa Clan of Vampires
«called Tremere, Crowley ran wild, appalling moral society,
threatening the Masquerade at every turn and sickening the
Kindred of Britain, His actions seriously embarrassed the
‘Tremere, and weakened their political position severely,

‘The occult revival was stalled, and even after the truth of
the mater was discovered, the ruse had done its work. Tbe
‘Tremere ceased mast of their activities, and by the end of
World War I they were once more almost invisible.

‘The rocky economic history of the inter-war years was
‘entirely a moral phenomenon, but it had an effect on the
Kindred in mest pars of dhe world, The Ventrue wied 10
‘mainuain their grip, but Anarchs saw their chance and staged
an impressive show of strength which left the Ventruc unable
w stop the General Strike of 1926. Over the next decade
Mithrss wied 1 reverse ihe wend, but by the outbreak of
World War I London was tor by dissension. The Venirue
suspected that the Tremere lay behind the Anarch gains of the
last 20 years, but were unable to find evidence of disect
involvement,

London suffered terribly in the war, being not only the
capital but the largest industrial city within range of German
‘bombers. Much of the heartof the city was razed, and Mithras
has not been seen or heard from since the bombing began.
‘Some think he was destroyed in his Haven, while others
suspect that he is lying in wait, ready to pounce when the
"Tremere reveal themselves openly,

‘Since the war, London has been ruled by Lady Anne,
Progeny of Mithras who is backed by a slight majority of
‘Ventrue, Her position is far from secure, for there are would-
be Princes among her Ventrue Kindred as well as in other
‘Clans. The Queen of Loncion, as she styles herself, is desper-
‘ately trying to consolidate her position and restore some kind
of order to the fief. After some initial setbacks, the Ventre
havo reestablished their control of most of the city's gow-

United Kingdom 2


‘emmental and commercial apparatus, but the damage done
by Anarchs has been considerable,

‘The Anarch movement has become extremely strong in
Lonsion, and is 90 well-organized that if stamped out in one
place itimmediately springs up somewhere else, Attbesame
time, the Tremere have established a measure of control in
the police forces and judiciary of London and other fiefs
through their infiltration of the Freemasons; while they
themselves are clusive, the Treamcie can pull sirings w
reverse Ventruc gains and embarrass Ventruc interests,

—_—————

Theme and Mood

‘The overall mood of the setting is uncertaintyinstabilty
The former Prince has disappeared, several factions are
struggling with each other more or less openly, order is
Uweaking down, and there are other threats which are not
completely understood, such as Black Annis and the Hunt
Club.

"Themes which might be developed within tis seting are
many. Scarching for Mithras (or for evidence of what has
become of him) is one possibility, and other search/invest-
{gation themes might involve Black Annis the Hunt Club, the
‘Nosferatu (cam thece really be none of this Clan inthe British
Isles?) the Gangrel (where are they, what are they doing —
and are they really a friendly with the Lupines as rumor has
it), the Assamites who are rumored to have established &
basehere, ora group of Malka vian terrorists who may or may
‘ot be connected with Crowley.

Rebuilding relations between the warring Clans will not
bbeeasy, but would provide a very challenging theme which
could last through an entire Chronicle.

Ta the absence of Mithras the throne of London is not
vacant, bt several ler Ventrue have their eyes on it a do
‘the more cautious Tremere. Even so, a strong, skilled and
etermined individual or coterie might be able to take Lone
‘don and bold it, and then try to keep the troublesome fief
under control while making moves to extend their authority
‘© neighboring fiefs. Unifying London and Birmingham
vundera single Prince would ereate a feFof enormous pomcs,
and once Birmingham is taken the way is open to expand
contro! to York, and ever onwand. Mortal kings spent their
lives trying (and failing) wo unify the British isles under a
single stable rule; why should some ambitious Cainitcnottsy
the samo?

If this is to0 tall an order for Neonates, then they might
‘become involved as soldiers or emissaries, and uncover more
damn they expected. No one truly knows what goes on inthe
‘mysterious fief of Winchester, but itis recognized by those
in the know to be ancient and powerful. Certainly noone has
disputed its exclusive elaim to its hunting grounds in Pors-
sow and Southampton and survived to tell the tale. And
thea there is the feud between Ulster and Connachta, which
thas been going on for more than 2000 years. And the
ambitious fief of Bristol, with its designs on Wales.

With the Ventruc, Tremere and Matkavians tocked ia a
three-sided civil war, there isan incredible range of plots,
flareups and other incidents which can embroil an incautious
‘goup of Neonates. The Masquerade is wearing very thin in
‘many places, and even the most cautious of characters can
find themselves implicated in some outrage, and having to
fight or flee for theit very existence, In this war, you need to
be strong and lucky to stay neutral,

‘And what of the Saboat? With the Clans of the Camanila
in almost complete disarray, the Black Hand will surely be
‘moving operatives into the British Isles. Some may have
‘been in place for some time, waiting for the right moment to
ssrike. Desperme and unscrupulous Ventruc leaders might
also fll prey tothe temptation of creating a Vampire army to
destroy the Tremere, and might try to foist the blame on the
Sabbat, down to convincing the Neonates that they are ofthe
‘Black Hand rather duan the Camaritla.

Noither the Kindred nor the kine of the British Isis exist
in a vacuum — however much they might like to think so.
Events there uffectthe rest of Europe, and eventually the rest
of the world; if anything, this is more true of Kindred than
kine. The Tremere Elders in Vienna will be keeping a close
eye om the course of the war, and so will other interested
pprtes. One or more Archons —and perhaps even a Justicar
—will have been sent during the ast few decades to investigate

22 World of Darkness


the disappearance of Mithras and try to bring the warring
Clans back imo line. The Inconny, too, will at least have
‘Monitors in place, keeping track of the situation, They may
‘even be taking sction themselves if their members orinterests
have been threatened.

The Fiefs

London

‘London is by far the largest fet in the British Isles, and
many Kindred think of it as the oldest. In fact, the small fief
of Winchester is older. London has a resident population of
over 1Smillion kine in its 610 square miles, and acommuting
population which also numbers in the millions. Founded,
according to legend, in Roman times, the fief of London
regards itself as the most important (indeed, the only impor-
tant) Kindeed community in the British Isles. The Prince of
[London used to be one of the most powerful Cainites in the
world, but over recent years the fief has been torn by insta-
bility and strife,

For reasons of space, only London is examined in any
<eaail here; brief summaries of conditions in tho other fiefs of
the British Isles are given helow. Hopefully they provide a
starting point forany Storytellers who wantto setsomeaction
‘outside London. 7

Birmingham

Britain's second largest city in termi ofits mortal popu-
lation, Birmingham is a comparatively modem fief, and its
Kindred are regarded as upsiarts by their cousins in London
many of whomcan remember the days before the ladusuial
Revolution when Birmingham wasa village with pretensions
to being a local market town. It isa litle more peaceful and
‘beter-organized than London, and the rapid growth of its
‘mortal population over the last ccatury, together with eaucful
segulation by its Prince, has helped Birmingham avoid the
pressure on the kine which has led to unfortunate incidents in
London.

‘Birmingham is currently in the throes of an establishment
crackdown organized mainly by the Ventiwe. Unwilling to
allow a civil war to arise as ic has in London, the Prince of
Birmingham is taking active steps, with tho full supportof his
small Primogen, 10 crush any dissent and instability, An
attempied Anarch rising inthe early "70s was ruthlessly put
«down, and the city has been ruled by an iron hand ever since,
Small, isolated cells of Anarchs stil plot and fret in various
Fars of the city, but all are too nervous and distrustful to
organize effectively,

Manchester/Liverpool

Originally separate and very small fiefs, Manchester and
Liverpool united in the mid-1970s, when it became spparcat
thatthey would shortly become one continuous urban sprawl
‘Unifvine the cwo fiefs was a major political coup. creating 2

|

new domain with a sufficient population of Kindked to be
reckoned with,

Liverpool is exceptional —some say unique—inthe fact
that its Prince is from the Brujah Clan. The Ventrue presence
in the city has always beca small and weak, and many
‘Ventrue have chosen wo eave the fief, seeing no possibility
there to further the interests oftheir Clan, This has had adeep
effect onthe character of the city,on bath sides ofthe euntica.
Liverpool has always been an eclectic, creative and free
wheeling city, and it has also been wracked by wemendous
internal conflicts from time to time. Practically ignored by
the authorities "down south". Liverpool ha had to make ie
‘own way inthe world, andhas developeda strong personality
inthe process. lis people —"Scousers" tothe rest of Britain
—are known for their quick wits, eye to the mainchanceand
sly humor.

Manchester grew up as one of many northem industrial
cities in the 19th century, andis still seems acity of factories.
thas one of the largest Chinese populations in Britain, with
‘nexicnsive Chinatown which would notlookoutof place in
San Francisco, For some time the city was a free domain;
without a Prince or Primogen, Kindred could come and go
there as they pleased, By the cnd of the 19th century, tho
‘20 many Cainites had been attracted by the city's growing
‘mortal population that some kind of organization was neces>
sary. The freedom of the city had attracted a large Bruja
‘contingent from all over Europe, and while Princes of various
‘Clans came und went, they always ruled at the pleasure of a
Primogen which was largely Brujal-controlled. This Brujah
dominance was one factor which made the unification of
Manchester and Liverpool a comparatively peaceful affair,
and the fie now attracts Brujah and Anarchs from all points
‘of the compass,

Edinburgh

‘Once powertul, Edinburgh has declined over the last few
‘centuries as more and more power has become concentrated
in London. Today itis more or less.a ghost town, and ony the
‘Toreador remain present in any strength. It has eared the
‘omiemptous nickname "City ot Elysium" among the Kin-
dred of other fiefs, but this is notentrely far, Toreadorsfroen
‘cross the British Isles ook to Edinburgh for leadership, and
although both Ventruc and Tremere have tried to force thi
Falvonthecity over ine years, the Toreadors have maintained
their grasp on power and their independence,

While not as freewheeling as the now Liverpool-
Manchester fief, Edinburgh cocourages any freedom which
doesnot threaten its independence. The fact hat tho Toreador
Prince of Edinburgh is apparently secure enough inhis power
to allow Anarchs to reside openly in the city is tken as an
indication that any wouble could be crushed swiftly and
effortessly.

‘The Toreador domination of Eifinburgh has created 2

remarkable effect upon the city's kine, While Edinburgh's.
‘extensive Elysium lostere cultural life which cam be com=

United Kingdom 23


pared favorably with that of any city in Europe, there are
‘uemendous social and political problems in many parts of the
city. Ventrue have been known to comment smugly that
Eddinburgh isa classic example of Toreador values in action.

Glasgow

Founded in the 19th century by a breakaway group from,
Edinburgh, Glasgow achieved a short-lived prominence
before being effectively destroyed. The daylight city grew up
largely around the industry of shipbuilding and heavy engi
Deering, attracting a mortal population which in wumatuacted
Cainites. With no apparent way to break the Toreador holdon
Edinburgh, ambitious elements of several other Clans were
attracted tn the growing portcity. The fief's history consisted
mainly of power struggles between Brujah and Ventruc, in
which both sides were careful not to let their conflicts spill
‘over into the breathing world and jeopardise the city's health
Finally. the frustrates! Ventrue used government contacts to
‘weaken and then destroy the industries on which Glasgow
depended.
York

The fief is stil called York, and itis one of the oldestiin the
land, Effectively, though, ithas shifted tothe Leeds/Bradford
‘metropolitan area, following the expansion of the mortal
popallation there, The fief of York was founded, accocding
{nadition, Jess than a century after London, as the Roman

fortess-city of Eburacum began to attract.a large population,
Once briefly the capital of the Western Roman Empire, the

ity wax one of the few Roman settlements to survive into
Saxon times — as Eoforwic, a thriving riverport. When the
Danes took over northem England, this port was a natural
choice for their capital, although they had trouble pronoune:

ing the Saxon name and changed itto Jorvik. After the fall of

the Danelaw, York continued inits prominence —the second
archbishopric after Canterbury, and the capital of Ure pow
erful county of Yorkshire

‘The Kindred of York stove constantly to live in harmony
withthe fief ofLondon, while maintaining theirindependence
‘One local tradition maintains that the Danes were invited to
York as a buffer to the Ventrue-sponsored expansion and
‘consolidation of the southern Saxon kingdoms, Through the
Middle Ages, the two fiefs of London and York were the
‘main powers in the land, and the others — save Winchester,
of which more will b said later —always looked to them for
alead.

Even today, York is a fief of considerable influence.
blessed witha stability which dates back centuries. To some,
York is conservative — even reactionary — but it prides
itself on having weathered almost two millennia without
serious strife, The Ventrue Prince of York has achieved a
masterful balanceand harmony with the city's Primogen, and
so far cach Clan has been able to pursue its interests in
harmony with all the others.

Industry and sscurity are almost exclusively in Ventruc
and Tremere hands, with a significant Toreador contingent
— mostly residing in the "old city" of York — busying
themselves with all manner of artistic events, Gangrels are
said have therun of theextensive and beautiful countryside

24 World of Darkness



of the region, and thece are even rumors ofa non-ageression
‘pact withthe Lupines of the area. The Malkavian population
{is small and for the most part easily amused, and in a major
diplomatic coup the Brajah of York are in full support of the
{tablished system, acting as tribunes tocheck any unseemly
‘growth of power in any faction, and as guardians wo prevent
‘outside problems coming in. Anarchs are not welcome in
York, and even the younger Kindred are more or less in
agreement thal the system works and should not bechanged.

‘York is seen all over Europe as the embodiment of the
Camarilla ideal — a Cainite Utopia As such, it has boen
targeted from time to time by the Sabbat (and some say
‘Settes) but such isthe goodwill and mutual trust ofthe city's
‘Kindred that these disturbances have always been put down
almost as soon as they start.

Some belicve Assamites have established a hase some
‘where in the fief, probably sheltered by the arca's large Indo-
Pakistani population; some are worried by this news, but
others beliove thatthe Axsamites were invited here by the
Primogen to help maintain the fief"s stability.

Ulster

‘The largest fief in freland has been tom by terrorism and
civil was for over two decades, aun the 19018 of the csisis go
back far deeper than mortal historians imagine, Much of the
troubles are of mortal making, though, and the Kindred of
Belfast spends much timetrying tocontrolsituationsasthey
do vying for power amongst themselves and prosecuting
their millenia-old war against the fief of Connachia.

{cis said that this war started around the first century AD,
but others believe it goes back to the time of the mythical
Invasions; tis latter theory is strengthened by the Prince of
Ulster's adoption of the name Milesius, but there is lide
sctual proof. Those who would remember have nearly all
beea destroyed in the centuries of fighting, and many others
are said to be in hiding,

‘Appeals for help from London have largely backfired,
spliting the Kindred of Ulster into two violently opposed
‘amps and leading to an atempted takeover of the ficf by
Mithas. Fighting Connachta one the one hand and London
‘onthe other has all but exhausted Ulster andthe conflict has
‘reached such a pitch recently that the Masquerade is almost
‘constantly threatened. Some say significant Sabbat presence
is already inside Ulster, fanning the flames and preparing for
the fiel's eventual fall.

Connachta

‘Confusingly to mortal perceptions, the fief of Connacht
's based in dhe city of Dublin rather than the Irish county of
Connaught, far 1 the west. The older Kindred of Dublin
movediothecity inthe ninth century, attracted by its growing.
‘morta population; they kept ther traditional name partly out

‘of habit, and partly (itis said) lest their traditional enemies ot
‘Ulster should think they were trying to hide from them.

‘The fictis deceptively peaceful, considering the turmoil in
ister. An atlempted takeover by London was thwarted in
1918, and since that time Connachta has been able to prevent
‘outside interference and carry the war against Ulster right
into the enemy camp. The Primogen of Connachiais ruled by
analliance of Brujah and Toreadors — strange bedfellows, it
may seem, but the arrangement has worked for almost a
century,

Severn

Another recent fief, Sevem embraces the mortal cities of
Bristol, Newport and Cardiff, and effectively controls the
lesser fief of Swansea. Acid comments are still made about
the would-be "Prince of Wales " The fief ie expanding ite
influence, although like most others ithas been weakened by
‘recent strife. The Prince of Severn is rumored to bea Progeny
of Mithzas, although this is hotly denied in the ficf. The
Primogen is Ventruc-dominated, with a small but growing
‘Toreador contingent.

Winchester

‘The leat fief in Ure British Iskes is one of Ure smatest.
Estimates vary, but itis thought thatthe fief of Winchester
‘currently numbers no more than seven Kindred, The fief
moved to Winchester from Glastonbury inthe 13h century,
‘and in the last century has declared the nearby cities of
‘Southampton and Portsmouth 10 be its exclusive hunting
park; Kindred who have hunted there in defiance of this
decree have found themselves watching the sun rise while
staked and chained to the quayside.

‘The Prince of Winchester has declined to become in-
volved in the civil war in London and elsewhere; the fief
‘keeps so much to itself that many rumors are current about
‘what actually goes on there —ranging from les of acoterie
‘of Antediluvians to wild repors of institutionalized Diableric.
Although it is not known for cern, i is though that he
Prince is a powerful Tremere, ruling with a Primogen of
"Tremere, Gangrels and Malkavians; whatever Use truth may
be, itappears that this Cainite is old and powerful enough 10
‘guarantee that the neutrality and privacy of the fiefs respected.

The Clans

Brujah

Despite their claim to revel in anarchy, recent events have
Jeftthe Beujah scattered and disorganized — they do noteven
trust each other any more. Always ready to fight authority
‘and often politically naive, the Brujah have been used time
‘and again as pawns and patsies by the Tremere, the Ventrue
and others, Routed in the miners' strike of the '80s which
fated to bring down the Thatcher government (many believe

6 World of Darkness


this was the Tremereusing themasa diversion), they regrouped
tefly for the Poll Tax riots of '89-90, but this was just an act
of spite, undirected by any plan. At present the Brujah exist
{n small, isolated groups, paranoically suspicious of outsid-
on

Livespoo! is the safest place to'be Brujah, and many of the
other northern fiefs have a stroag Brujah presence. Through
their sponsorship of the abour mavemont and other social
reform groups, they have done a great deal for the kine of
these areas, In London, though, the Bruja are sill reeling
{rom the Ventrue backlash which the kine called the Thatcher
years. Small groups exist, hat they move in secret and trast
almost no one. A Brujah Neonate in London will find the
‘world a hostile and frightening place.

Gangrel

‘The increasing urbanization of Britain over the last 150
years is nolo the Gangrels' taste, andthe strongest groups of
Gangrels are in the north — especially Yorkshire,
Northumberland and the Scotish Highlands — and in the
southwest, around Dartmoor, Exmoor and the Brecon Bea-
cons. Several prominent Gangrels have contacts among the
Lupines, and are regarded at least with neutrality by them.
While not formally organized, Britain's Gangrely keep in
contact with cach other on a more-or-less regular basis, and
messages pass quickly among them by word of mouth.

Gangrel characters in London will probably be visitors
rather than residents, although it is rumored that the Clan
‘maintains Havens inat least a couple of the city's great parks
and in Regent's Purk Zoo, Some Gangrels inhabit the Isafier
Parts of London's commuter belt, and these are the best
poxcndal Sires for a Gangrel character,

Malkavian

‘The Malkavians are as much victims in the present situ-
4tion asthe Brujah, but fora different reason. Pursuing their
‘own agendas with their own (often incomprehensible) res-
soning, many Malkavians have been suspected siding with
‘one faction or the other in the current civil war, Both sides
suspect the other of having secret alliance with the
Malkavians, but they have remained neutral — o¢ atleast,
harmed the interests of both sides equally, Periodic murders
«and blood bunts arising from these suspicions have forved the
Malkavians of the British Isles more closely together than is
thecase elsewhere, and they now make tcrorst rads against
‘oth sides — usually tinged with characteristic Malkavian
‘weirdness. This, of course, reinforces the hostility and suspi-
<ion on all sides, and fans the flames even higher.

‘A Malkavian Neonate will find the world of London to be
made of lies and deceit, attack and revenge, There are
Matiavians in most of London's larger hospitals, az well at
in the richer arcas where they can rely on middle-class
privacy to pass as English eccentrics, According to one
unsubstantiated rumor, there are even Malicavians placed in
the nation's government A Malkavian Neonale can come
from almost any background in London, and may well be

Embraced into aclose-knit "cell" engaged inrandom attacks
‘om both Ventrue and Tremere,

Nosferatu

"The Nosferatu of London have gone underground to ride
‘out the civil war, hiding from both sides and observing
‘unseen when they can. Blake, the oldest Nosferatu known to
‘ein the British Lees ic said to have gone into Torpoe to ride
ut the timed, and other rumors link the Nosferatu with a
suspected Inconnw presence in the islands. A Nosferatu
Noonate in London will be part ofa highly secretive network,
‘observing and pasting on information on tho activity of
other Kindred. There may be visits to other, calmer fiefs for
conferences with Clan Elders,

Toreador

‘The Toreador take litle partin politics, The situation i 39
unstable and confusing that thece is just 1o0 much to Lose,
‘Their consistent refusal to help either side has led firs to
hostility and then to respect, and on rant occasions prominent
"Toreadors have been asked to assist with negotiations in the
role of neutral brokers. Mainly, though, they concentrate on
Jooking after themselves and their interests. The Toreador
‘cootrol Ure Elysium dveghiout the land, and will normally
‘exert themselves only to ensue is sanctity. In London, they
‘have uncontested mastery over the South Bank arts complex
(comprising the Royal Festival Hall and its smaller beethen,
‘the National Theatre, the National Flmn Theatre, the Hayward
Gallery and the Museum of the Moving Image), the West nd
theatre district, and the museum districts of Bloomsbury and
Kensington,

‘A Toreador Neonatein London will eave behind the ugly,
brutish mortal world forthe heady atmosphere of the Elysiam
In this half-real world, even thc conflict among London's
Kindred is let behind, anda carefully nurtured air of serenity
‘prevails, more redolent ofthe 19th century than the 20th. The
‘Toreador's only care — apart from maintaining status and
planning divine parties and opening galas —is in preserving
the sanctity ofthe Elysium. This involves keeping an eye on
theactivitis ofboth Ventre and Tremere, without embroling
the Clan in their bates,

‘Tremere

‘The Tremere reat the head of one ofthe warring factions,
fighting for control of the British Isles with an opposing.
faction le by the Ventrue. Despite representations by high-
ranking visitors from the Camarila, the Tremere show no
inclination to stop the war, claiming that they are merely
«defending ther traditional domain from encroaching Ventrve,
‘The Clan Elders in Vienna have made no comment, and do
‘not Seem inclined to take action at this time,

A Tromere Neonat in London is effectively drafted into
the civil war, nd is expected to use every resource to further
the Clan's interests, Obedience is required; understanding is
not. Even the most straightforward of Tremere stairgics

United Kingdom 27


‘becomes insanely Byzantine by the standards of other Kin-
‘red, and very few of the lower-ranking Tremere understand
much apart from their partin the struggle — itis said hat only
Dee knows the full picture.

Ventrue

Locked in civil war with the Tremere, the Ventrue are
desperately ring w keep contol of asitaton which contandy
threatens otear the Masquerade to rags. They currently take
the positon hatanyone who isnot with them isagainst them,
and scarcely a week goes by without the announcement from
London of anothec Blood Hunt.

A Ventrue Neonate in London is bom into a world of
turmoil, The Clan is riven by intemal dissension, although it
's careful not to show this 10 the outside world, Various
factions are building their strength: Lady Anne i holding
‘onto the fief by main fore, but there are many who would
topple her they could do so without simultanoously causing
theClaniteto fall, Almosteveryone in the Clan s suspicious
of stranger: fear of Tremere infiltration is widespread, and
‘Anarchs are regarded with unremitting hatred. Some voices
within the Clan support a drastic temporary solution of
creating great numberof Neonate "troops" —awell-Anown

‘Sabbat tactic — fighting the civil war to a conclusion, and
Sealing with the consequences afterward. Others are still
trying to preserve the Masquerade, and have taken o destroy
ing Neonates in order 10 prevent rival factions building
strength,
Caitiff

‘There are very few good times and places to be.a Caitif.
butthisis one of the worst. The clanless are regarded as spies
and sabotcurs by some, and as disposable pawns by others. It

is possible tobe Embraced, betrayed and killed all inthe same
‘ight, without ever knowing why.

‘The Sabbat

No one knows for sure, in the present state of chaos,
whether the Sabbat are active in the British Iolo, and if so
‘what the extent oftheir involvement is, Some claim they are
playing both sides in the current civil war, hoping to fuel the
‘conflictto such a pitch thatthe Masquerade will be ireparably
broken and planning to step in at that point and impose their
own rule. Others maintain with irony that the Sabbat is not
active here because it has no niced to be; the Camarilla Clans

28 World of Darkness


of the British Isles are doing a fine job of destroying them-
selves without anyone's help.

Assamites

In such @ fluid and confused situation, itis perhaps not
surprising that each side accuses the other of using Assamite
assassins, but the truth is almost impossible to establish. A
penistratrumorclaims that a small group of Ascamites have
‘et up a secret base in one of England's fiefs — London,
Birmingham or York, according to whom one listens to —
but most Kindred discount these rumors as hysterical
imagination

Setites

‘The Followers of Set have been all but driven from the
British Isles. In the 1960s they made 2 woncctted effust w
cstablish themselves in London, but after inital success they
merely caused the Tremere and Ventrue to combine forces
briefly to expel them, There are said to be Setites still
remaining in London among the Afro-Caribbeans, and per-
haps in other fiefs as well, but they are few, scattered and

frightened. Both Tremereand Ventruc now accuse eachother
of having made alliances with the hated Seties.

Other Clans

‘There are no other Clans who are believed to be active in
the British Isles at the time of writing,

‘The Giovanni are still in correspondence with certain of
‘me Brush Tremere, buthave stownno inclination to become
involved in their struggle, They are an inward-looking Clan,
with very little interest in the rest of the Kindred. Some are
known to have become involved with England's banking
indastry, but hotas extensively 48 they are on the continent

The Ravniss have been known to travel through Britain
from time to tine, but most if notall have now left in the face
of the current turmoil. There are rumors of a small group
‘which occasionally crosses from ireland, but that is all.

Kindred and Coteries

‘This isnot intended to bea complete listing ofthe Kindred
of the British Isles — there were said to have been over 200
CainitesinLondonalone, before the present flare-up. Instead,
this section presents a few of the most notable personalities,
andi intended to be read in conjunction with the brief notes
‘on Clans above.

Aine (Black Annis, Gentle Annie)

Once, a long time ago, Aine was important. People were
‘800d to her, and she would walk out among their huts and
‘heir fields and ther crops and their stock and their families,
‘and the people would ask her to bless them, Ani the people
‘would bting her goats and abecp and chickens and wheat at
lots of other good things — they would bring them right to her
hut, in the beautiful glade where she lived. And they would
watch as she gave these things to the Three Mothers, and be
hhappy that all would be well with them,

Sometimes, after there had been a battle, the warriors
brought their dead to her, and the heads they had taken, and
the prisoners they had captured. She would give all these
things to the Great Queen, wie Hard Mother, for she had
helped the warriors win their battles. She had even given the
‘Great Queen some of the iron Men with their lobster bodies
‘They were strange, but they were poor warriors. They cxied
‘and screamed in thedr strange speech s they went tothe Great
‘Queen, and she could not have been pleased with them,

"Then the Iron Men came and bumt her glade and her but.
‘The warriors could not stop them, for the Lron Men did not
know how to fight properly so the warriors could do nothing
against them, Aine and her people had hidden in the forest,
‘waiting forthe Iron Mento goaway. They knew the Mothers
‘would be angry with them, for they had let the lade be burs.

Tewasin the forest thatthe Foimorcameto Aine. Sheksiow
that was what it was, for nothing else could be so ugly. Itsaid
its name was Noisavair, or something like that, and it said i¢
cl give her strength to beat the iroa Men, But Aine knew

United Kingdom 29


the Foimor was lying: they were evil, and ncves helped
aiyone. The Great Qucen must have sent it to her as a
‘Punishment fo letting the ron Men burn the glade. She new
sho was right when the Foimor twisted her neck and began to
eather.

‘When Aine woke up, sho felt very sick. She was sure she
was notin the Isles ofthe Blessed, but then again she was sure
that the Foimor had eaten her and she wes dead, Perhaps you
‘donor gow te Isles of te Blessed ia Fotmoreats you. Then
the Folmor came back for ber, and told her that she was going
to be Nolsayair like it was. Then she knew she wasn't dead.
Her punishment was far worse, for the Great Queen had
dered the Folmor to turn her iio another -oimor.

‘The Foimor made her drink its blood, andalthough she felt
sick at frst the Foimor's blood was the mast beautiful thing
she had ever tasted. She fell into a decp slecp, and when she
sawoke she acbedall over and the Foimorhad gone. She found
itlater wih one of the ron Men's spears through its body and
‘bart almost to death. It begged her to help it, but she drank
its blood andleftitdead, forsheknew that Foimor aree vil and
ever help anybody, and she was a Foimor now,

‘Ai hi for a long time in the forest, and was sick again
because she could no longer drink the blood of the Foimor.
She tried drinking her own blood but it ed no. good. The
<aylighthurther, and she hidall the time untilitwas dark. Her
‘eyes ot used to the darkness, and one night she saw her
reflection ina poo! in the moonlight. Then she realized what
‘had uly happened to her.

Although she looked a lite fike the Foimor she had met,
she was not quite 40 ugly — in fact, she looked exactly like
the way the old women had described the Great Queen. She
had not been punished after all. Instead the Great Queen had
sade her a part of herself, 0 that Aine could punish the Iron
Men who had burntihe glade andall the weak-and silly people
‘who had let them burn it. She was the Macha, the destroyer.

Sire; Bhatiaire

Ca

Nature: Fanatic

Deneawor: Doviant

Generation: 6ih

Embrace: AD 47 (bom AD 19)

Apparent Age: Indeterminate

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 7, Brawl 7, Dodge 6, Intimidation 4

Skits: Animal Ken 1, Melce 6, Stealth 6, Survival 3

Koowledge: none (s0e Flaws below)

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Obfuscate 6, Potence 4, Pro-
tean3

fosferat

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage 5

‘Merits: Light Sleeper, Danger Sense

Flaws: Uneducated, Monstrous

Humanity: 0

Willpower: 6

Blood PoolMax per Tarn: 30/6

Derangements: Vengeance, Delusion of Grandeur (di
vine avatar), Arrogance, Obsession (killing)

Notes: Aine has lost all her Humanity, and become a
Beast. In addition, se is completely insane. Once a Celtic
priestess, she bocamea Nosferatu during te Roman conquest
‘of Rritan, but never found out what that moant. She heliewss
herself to be an avenging avatar of the Celtic war-goddess
Morrigan. he cenainly oes nothink of herselfasa Vampire:
indeed, it's doubiful if she knows what a: Vampire is. She
simply knows thar she must slay and lay. She drinks blood
because she likes the taste, and has not noticed that she takes
no other sustenance these days.

Although she has undoubtedly lost her mind, Aine has
developed apowerfulcunning inorder survive. Asa divine
instrument of vengeance, sbe makes a point of only being
seen by her intended victim, and used her considerable
Stealth, Obfuscate and other abilities to ensure that others are
never aware of ict. Ouce she appears, diouyi, she becomes

30 World of Darkness


2 frenzied killing machine, often tearing a victim apart with
her bare hands, Her killing has not gone unnoticed — the
Romans called her an evil spirit, and the Saxons called her
‘Black Annis and thought of her as a kind of woll-hag.In the
Middle Ages she became known cuphemistically as Genule
Annie, and in later times ber activities were thought to be
those of wild animals, Most recently, people have started 10
‘alk about ritual mutilations and serial killers, but the public
1's generally kept uninformed.

Most Kindred suspect that the mutilation killings in the
rural northare the work of some supernatural creature, but no
‘ne is sure what tight be. Several Kindred who set out to
wack the thing have never returned.

For theological reasons to do with what she thinks she is,
‘Aine is only active for about half the year; from May Eve to
Hallowe'en she tleope in the earth, and sho beliovea that to
‘come out at that time would destroy her. She chooses her
victims according to an insane scale of judgement known
only her; to all other mindsher killings are entirely random.
‘The Storyteller should use Aine sparingly; she does not kill
every night, or even every month.

Image: A rangy, raw-boned female Nosferatu, almost six
feet tall, with an incredibly ugly face even for a Nosferatu.
Her fears are (wisi in a permanent mask of violent
hatred, and hee wild, tangled hair flaps abouther with the rags
‘of her clothing. In some lights, her skin appears to be pale
bie.

Haven: None, Aine moves at will through the hills and
dales of the rural north, Finding what shelter she can at dawn
and relying on Obfuscate to hide her.

Roleplaying Hints: You are Macha. the destrnyer. You
are one with the goridess ind you exist w slay for her. You
could probably speak if you really wanted to, but terrifying
kcening wail is the only noise you've made for several
centuries. Few mortals speak anything like Celtic any more,
sand besides, yourtask isto destroy, notto make conversation.
‘You are lost in the ecstasy of killing, completely at one with
the Beast

Tnfluence: None.

Mithras

He had been a soldier in the army of aking, sent into the
‘mountains to deal witha rebellion. The rebels were backed by
‘magic, and it took many days and many lives before he could
[prepare wo return with the heads of the leaders —all butone,
who had escaped,

‘The night before the expedition was to return, he received
«Visitor. Hetried to cry out, but was unable to move or speak.
Hee could only listen as the stranger spoke.

‘The stranger, he soon discovered, wasth rebol leader who
had escaped. But far from wanting revenge, he was impressed
with Mithras and wanted to make him an offer, Those who
bad died in the fighting were inferior, he said —made to be
thrown away ina greater cauoo. Buthe could give Mithras the

‘gift of everlasting life, and a place of honor in an army such
as he had never dreamed of, Or, he could kill him where he
hay.

Mithras remained in the hills for a few years, gathering
strength and learning about his new life, Then, with cestain
companions, he went tothe city of the king he had formerly
served. It was.a small matter to convince the people that they
‘were entertaining gods. and soon the ald temples were toes
down and offerings of every kind were laid before the
newcomers,

Centuries cameand went, and kingdoms rose and fell. The
balance of power shifted westward, and Uie companions
found it well 1o move to a growing city between two great
rivers, Directed by their wisdom, the city became the capital
‘ofa greatempire, but as the centuries passed, another empire
‘arosoamong the barbarians af the west, anditssoldices caine
to give batule.

Mihras was impressed by these barbarians. Their leaders
were able, and their soldiers each did their part without
{question lke ants ensuring the success of their colony. Their
armies were almost x living thing, Their equipment, to, was
interesting — every piece was designed for is function with
sgyvatcareandthought,andhelped makethearmy anintsgratcd,
highly efficient whole. Nowing could stop the barbarians
from conquering the whole world.

Mittras left his companions secretly, and went with the
barbarian armies. Asa soldir himself, be knew what soklirs
‘wanted oftheir gods, and soon there were images of Mithras
inevery army camp throughout this imperium Romanuea, He
‘who rules the soldiers rules the empire, Mithras knew — and
‘with such power among mortals he would command gxeat
respect from the others of his own kind.

He traveled throughout the empire, turning things to his
liking as be went. Because daylight troubled him, he would
rest inthe day and wake by night; his followers wondered at
this, until he told them that by day he was guiding the sun
‘through the heavens, The irony pleased him, and the morals
believed every word.

‘Atta e caine oasis, ghoumy amd urublesome stand
atthe edge of the world. The soldiers had been sent there to
‘conguer i, but the Fighting was hard. Mithras encouragedand
advised them, and found the place much to his liking. There
was lide sun, expecially inthe Car places where vhe Oghng
was, and he was far from rivals who had begun to seize
‘control ofthe eapire. At several ofthe stone frontier fr, be
‘had temples constructed for his use — half underground, and
‘out cf yeach of the sun, tis followers served isn with rituals
‘ofa false death and rebirth, and this pleased him. He would
buildhis strength among these armies of the frontier, and walt
his ime, The ritual also allowed him to stay in touch with his
own nature, which was impurant. A god should never
believe the same things as his followers,

‘The empire fell, but Mithras remained socure on the
nonhern frontier. The sokdicrs were called away, and he did

United Kingdom 31


ot stop dace. The ime was not yet right; there was Do mmc
‘confusion in the world. He sank into the earth and rock, and,
rested.

‘The clash of arms disturbed his dreams, and he awoke
‘more than once. Barbarians from across the sea uo the east
‘came in ships: they slew and bumt, and then made farms of
‘heir own. Petty kings came and went, until one strong man
‘was able to force his rule on most of the island. One of his
‘descendants made further conquests, and armies began 10,
‘march north across the old frontier.

‘Waking, be made his way south, to a temple be had used.
in hojstand's largest city. The city was very different. bute
found the temple by the steam easily enough. He acquainted
himself withthe times, and discovered that the empires he
‘had known were lost forever, Barbarian soldiers had forged
‘new kingdoms, trying (o recapture the old lories.

‘There were others of his kindin the city, too, When he tried
soreopen hiis temple, they had his followers destroyed by fire.
‘There was only one kind of temple mow, and only one god.

Midhras moved around the country, never staying long in
‘place for fear that these others might destroy him. He tied.
to throw them off the scent by encouraging mortal nobles to
fight each other forthe throne. One by one, he was able to
divide his enemies and destioy thom.

When he retuned w the city, it was to place a mortal
servant on the throne. None remained with the strength oF
inclination to resist him, and visitors came from abroad
‘naming him Prince, For a while he ruled in peace, and the
island nation grew steadily in power. I threw off the mule of
{foreign priests, and became is own master,

‘There were others of his kind, he discovered. who had
ambitions to be gods. They had been scholars rather than
soldiers, and retied on their books full of mumbo-jumbo,
‘They were organized, too, exchanging information and
{forming alliances over the whole world. The Tremere. asthey
called themselves, seemed intent on ruling everything. It was
‘ecessary to suppress them, destroying them and their fol-
lowers by fire as others had once done to him. But the
‘witehfinders could not root out all of them.

‘The war drigged on, sometimes involving mortals and
sometimes completely unknown to them, ‘There was fire and
‘gunpowder, rebellions and plots, but slowly the tide of battle
fumed. The growth of science and industry undercut the
support which the Tremere had gained among the supersi-
tious. With a strong coterie of lieutenants and some astute.
political maneuvering, Mithras ruled London through the
height of Vietorian magnificence.

‘The bombing of World War Il destroyed many havens and
brought many of London's Kindred to the Final Death.
‘Mithras has not been seen or heard from since, and some are
Deyinning w tink that he has been destroyed, Owiers claim
that this just just a ruse to bring Tremere sympathizers into
the open,

Sire: Veddartha

Clan: Ventrve
Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Architect

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 1258 BC (born 1235 BC)

Apparent Age: mid-20s

‘Physical: Strength 9, Dexterity 7, Stamina &

Social; Charisma 8, Manipulation 9, Appearance 7

Mental; Perception 9, Intelligence 9, Wits 8

‘Talents: Aleriness &, Athletics 7, Brawl &, Dewlge 7,
Intimidation 7, Intrigue 7, Leadership 9, Seduction 6, Sense
Deception 7, Subterfuge 7

Skills: Archery 5, Carousing 4, Drive 4, Etiquette 6,
Hunting 5, Tircarms 4, Melee 9, ‘Security 5, Stealth 6,
Survival 5

Knowledge: Area Knowledge (London 9, British Istes 5),
Burcacracy 8, City Secrets (London) 8, Computer 2, Eco-
‘nomics 4, Finance 1, Investigation 1, Kindred Lore 7, Law 3,
Linguistics 4, Occult 5, Politics 6, Science 1

‘Disciplines: Dominate 9, Fortitude 6, Potence 5, Presence
8, Quietus 4

Background: Allies 7, Contacts 7, Generation 9, Herd 4,
Influence 7, Resources 5, Retainers 6, Situs 8
‘Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 8, Courage 9
‘Merits: Concentration, Light Sleeper, Iron Will
Flaws: Overconfident, Clan Enmity (Tremere)
Humanity: 2
willpower: &
Blood PooVMax per Turn: 50/10
Derangements: none
‘Notes: Mlthras feeds only on followers of his own cal —
Kindred slang, heisan Osiris, Missing since the Blitz when
German bombs destroyed much of London, Mithras may
have been destroyed, or he may be in Torpor, or he may

simply be in hiding, walting for his enemies to show weir
‘hand. Rumorsabound, butno one in London has seen him for
almost fifty years — no one who will admit to it, that i. In
fact, Mithras was forced into Torpor when his haven was
destroyed by German incendiaries in 1951. Loyal folowers
have moved him w a secondary Haven, in a forgouca cellar
‘which is now part of the foundations of the Centre Point
office building near the junction of Oxford Street and
‘Toucntiam Coun Road. The ballding has been kept canpty by
various subUe means, and Mithras recovered his strength
while his rusted pawns relayed information and orders back
‘and forth. His Torporhas been over fora litle less thans year,
‘bat for now, it sus him w have the workd think ne was
destroyed: he is learning about the factions and dissension
within his own Clan as well as hoping to tempt the Tremere
into the open.

32 World of Darkness


‘mage: Meatium height, compact, slightly muscular build,
swarthy skin for a Vampire, classically handsome features,
dark eyes, dark hair wom shoalder-length in loose curls.
"Mitheas normally wearsa softclothhatof some sort, preferring
the ancient Persian "phrygian cap." He likes loose clothing
which does not impede movement,

Haven: Hidden cellar beneath Centre Point office build-
ing.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a seasoned staff officer and
field commander. You are also a god of soldiers, atleast in
some times and places, Move with the grace and economy of
motion of a martial anist, with no flashy of unnecessary
movements. Look others in the eye atall times, and ry to hold
their gaze long enough to make them uncomfortable. Speak
With quietauthorityand ina tone which denies any possibility
of question

John Dee (‘Doctor', ‘Master')

(One ofthe foremost scholars of his day, Dr. John Dee was
‘amathematician, astronomer, astrologer, alchemist, andmany
things beside. There were few areas of human knowledge
‘which did not draw him, and the science of his time made no
distinction between the occult and mundane sciences. Queen
Elizabeth I consulted him as ap astrologes, aid used his
services in other matters of state.The mystical formula 097,
bby which he signed some of his secret dispatches, would later
become the trademark — much to the good doctor's
‘amusement — of another hunter after secrets,

Like most of the scholars of his time, Dee maintained a
Yoluminous correspondence with like minds all over Europe.
Hewasamember of several socicties dedicated to preserving
‘cane and forbidden knowledge, and Keeping this know!-
‘edge from falling into the wrong hands. He had traveled
widely in Europe, and an invitation to visit Vienna in 1607
appeared to be nothing out of the ordinary. Once in Vienna,
Dee was shown a world of knowledge and power which he
tad never even suspected, and willingly accepted the invita-
tion to become part of it.

Returning to London, it was a simple mater to stage his
‘own death and make the necessary arrangements for his new
existence. His contacts nd societies provided resources and
assistance, and were sufficiently accustomed to mystery and
ritual that vo questions were asked. The Clan wasamong lean
times, as he had been told in Vienna, and great care was
‘ceded to avoid the Clans enemies and rebuild, In time, Dee
‘was able 0 groom a number of initiates for the Change, and
form a strong Tremere Chany in London,

‘The organization of the Chantry, and its steady growth,
drew the attention ofPrince Mithras, who made it known that
he had always disliked the Clan's attachment to a group of
foreign Elders, and demanded that Dos and his followers
renounce all allegiance to Vienna. Negotiations were con-
stantly hampered by the Prince's insistence on being the sole
authority, and offers of compromise were consistently
spumed. Finally, government-authorized "witchfinders"

oe

‘began to harass the Tremere and their mortal allies, and the
Chaniry was forced into hiding,

‘Since that time, a virtual state of war has existed between
the Ventrue and the Tremere of London, and moch of it has
spilled over into the other fiefs of the British Isles, Puritan
witch hunts were countered with plots to undermine and
destroy the system of governmenton which ths Prince based
his power: religious differences were used 10 draw mocals
into the conflict, and among the effects of the struggle onthe
‘Canaille were civil war, fire and the attempted destruction of
Parliament. Afra century of violence, withthe Masquerade
Constantly at risk. Dee received instructions fmm Vienna 1a
withdraw from the conflict. Certain pawns were sacrificed,
and the Ventrue were allowed to believe that the Tremere had
been destroyed,

Over the following two ceaturics, the Tremere yuiedy
regained their former strength, and Ixid their plans. Subly
influencing the fringes of science, they began to foster the
popular spiritualism of the Victorianera. Thismovement was
sowidespread, and yetso bereftof apparent significance, tat
the Ventruc dismissed it as a mortal fad and overlooked itfor
4 time; however, when societies and secret orders began to
form once more, they became alarmed. There was such a
‘profusion of orders, societios and individual mystics by the
tum of the 20th century that the Ventrue knew not where 10
look forthe hand of the Tremere; 0 many were fronts, blinds
and pure coincidences that Mihras found himself chasing
shadows, always too late or in the wrong place.

‘Totake directaction against such a large proportion ofthe
‘mortal population would surely destroy the Masquerade, and
the Prince still stung from the peremptory orders to desist
which be had received a cemury cartier, Insizad, he deter-
‘mined to fight fire with fire and fostered a group of his own,
using the Malkavian Clan as puppets. His idea was to let 3
Malkavian-sponsored secret order grow up, and become so
‘ild and unpleasant thatthe kine would be appalicd by it and
the whole of the spiritualist and occultist movements would
be stumped out, leaving the genuine Tremere activities ex-
posed.

Driven underground once more, the Tremere planned and
‘waited, Mithras' disappearance in the bombing of World
‘War TT has Jet both sides confused and unsure; after waiting
for two decades, a few tentative steps were taken to use
another popular movement as a cover, but the Flower Chil-
dren were sabotaged by angry Malkyians, who now hated
Tremere and Ventrue equally. Similar events were taking
place throughout Europe and North America. Ths plan was
abandoned, and the Tremere began o subvert the police force
— one of the main Ventrue tools — through their control of
the Freemasons. This, 1o0, was discovered and stopped. At
resent, the two sides are watching each other, but aking no
action,

Sire: Tremere Elders

Clan: Tremere

United Kingdom 33


Nature: Plotise

Demeanor: Director

Generation: Sth

Embrace: 1608 (bor 1527)

Apparent Age: 70s

Physical: Suength 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 5. Manipulation 8, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 7, intelligence 8, Wits 7

Talents: Alertness 6, Diplomacy 4, Empathy 3, Intimida-
tion 2, Intrigue 8, Leadership 6, Sense Deception 5, Subter-
fuge 8

Skills; Drive 2, Bribery 5, Debate 7, Etiquette 5, Firearms
2, Hypnotism 5, Masquerade 3, Meditation 6, Melee 2, Music
4, Research 8, Security 3, Stealth 2

Knowledge: Alchemy 5, Astrology 5, Astronomy 4, Bi-
logy 3, Bureaucracy 3, Chemistry 4, City Secrets (Londan)
7, Computer 3, Cryptography 3, Finance 2, Geology 2,

Investigation 4, Kindred Lore7, aw 4, Linguistics 6, Lupine
Lore 5, Magus Lore 6, Mathematics 7, Occult 8, Politics 5,
Science 5, Spirit Lore 5, Theology 4, Toxicology 3.

Disciplines: Auspes 6 Dominaic 5, Thaumauurgy 8 (Spit
‘Thaumaturgy 5, Elemental Mastery 5, Blood 5, Telekinesis
5, Fire 4, Weather Control 3)

Rituals: Any be needs

Background: Allics 5, Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 4,
Mentor 5, Resources 5, Retainers 5,

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Merits: Common Sense, Concentralon, Light Slesper,
‘Natural Linguist, Fast Leamer, Occult Library, Reputation,
‘Mansion, Police Ties, Corporate Tics, Political Ties, Judicial
The

Flaws: Enemy (Mithras), Clan Enmity (Venirue)

Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9

loud Pool Max per Turn: 40/8

Derangements: Towl Restraint, Intellectualization

Notes: With Mithras missing and Aine not known to be
Kindred, Deeis the most powerful Cainite in tho British isles
"The Clan wars, which are not entirely over, have increased
his natural caution, and he is unwilling to do anything to risk
the Tremere, His current plans for the Clan involve subtly
permeating every aspect of mortal socisty, and he is making
use of the New Age movement and other opportunities. This
strategy nearly succeeded in the last century, and Dee is
slowly working on perfecting it

mage: Medium height, wiry build, medium brown hair
and eyes. Dee wears his hair slightly shorter than collar
Jength, and normally hasa neat goatee beard. Combined with
modem clothes, this makes him look more likea beatnik than
thc Tudor gentleman he is. He likes robes and voluminous
‘coats — normally in dark colors —and jackets or cardigans
with many pockets,

Haven: Dec's main Havenis a large Victorian howse with
1 walled garden in the London suburb of Richmond, He has
several alternative Havens, including one in the Temple, the
Jepal preserve in the heart of London's court district, and
another in a secret basement level of a small hotel in
‘Bloomsbury, not far from the British Museum.

Roleplaying Hints: Time is too precious to bother with
the ignorant, s0 fee! free wo ignore those who do not impress
‘you intellectually Sprinkle your speech with arcane terms in
various languages, since anyone who is worth speaking to
will surely understand them. On the whole, speak litte, and
‘make use of long, thoughtful silences. Let your eyes become
a little unfocused, steeple your fingers in frant of your face,
and spend afew minutes in abstracted thought before speaking.
Whea you do speak, bring in as many arguments and alter-

34 World of Darkness


natives as you can — you have considered every angle with
the utmost thoroughness.

Anne Bowesley (‘Lady Anne')

‘Anne's family — one of the most prominent in
Warwickshire — had surprised many people by siding with
Cromwell. The fact was, they would not support a king who
claimeda divine right over the nobility, especially when most
ofthe noble families were older and more distinguished than
the upstart Stuans, Let Cromwell bring Parliament wo unri-
valled power, then — and then let the nobility rule Parlia-
ment. Her father and his friends met in secret, and called
themselves Optimates — Anne absorbed enough education
from her brothers to recognize the term and know what it
meant. Once the sige was over, her family would be part
of the ruling elite,

(Cromwell died, and his son died too, and back came the
‘monarchy. Anne's father died without seeing his dream
realized, and her brothers followed the herd and became
fawning courtiers and town fops. But Anne never forgot. Her
father had made her a good marriage, and although she never
Joved her hushand, she found him useful for his wealth and
contacts. Soon she was introduced to a group of nobles who
had friends in the Netherlands, sat an idea that her father
‘would surely have approved. IfEngland must havea king, let
itbeaking whocould beruled by Parliamest—the group had

already sounded outa Dutch prince who seemed ideal forthe
task,

4n 1688, William of Orange landed, James faced.a mutiny
among his own troops, and the following year William
becameking, married to James" daughter Mary as precaution
‘against pretenders and rebels. That year, Anne became mar
ried in a way, for her planning and executive skills had
impressed one of the nobles deeply. His name was Valeri,
and he had made more kings than the Earl of Warwick.
‘Anne's family believed her lost at sea while on an eam
‘bassy, and she installed herseif in London, rapidly discovering
the true powers and events behind the civil war, She feared
of enemics — rebels and sorcerers — and applied herself 10
thwarting them, Hee rise within the Clan Ventrue was rapid,
and she dealt with rivals as she dealt with enemies. Woe
betide the fool who thought ber frail because of hee cx

She began aonding the Prince, and her natural ability led
him to give her charge of Parliament. only her father had
been alive to soe it, Through two centuries, she built Parla
‘ment into the ruling force of the nation, and made it 3
‘powerful weapon against the Prince's enemies, She rose in
ower along with her Clan, her Prince, her fief and her
‘country, until it seems that there could never be a rule x0
lotions,

Wars came and went, on both sides of tho sunrise, Plots
were discovered and crushed. Then events in Europe led to
conflictamong the kine. Bombs rained down on London, and
fire was everywhere. The Prince was missing. Anne did not
think twice, Her followers quietly removed a few prominent
rivals—many of whom were also though to have fallen tothe
‘mortals' bombs — and she annouced her succession. Not
liking the male term "Prince", she gave herself the title
"Queen of London."

Her rule was not unopposed, nor had she expected itto be.
Still in control of the mortal Partiament, she tok advantage
of the ruin and economic disruption thal the war had caused
and used thein o starve her new subjects of resources. Thus
‘weakened, they were unable to resist a series of crackdowns
andaveassinatinns which lefthermle somewhat more secure

While opposition within ber own Clan had effectively
been stifled, there was trouble from without. The Anarch
‘movement was on the rise once more, and in London it had
beca tacked by the shulking Tremere. They never acted
‘openly, but she had learmed to read their hand in their actions.
‘An increase in mysticism, coupled with a growing lack of
respect for authority — they may call themselves "Flower
‘Chikicon", butey were pawis. Fora while, she let tiem be,
remembering the situation her Prince had faced a scant few
decades carlier, She would not make herself look foolish by

‘chasing shadows, and in time the enemy would surely show
Greaselvcs.

Her response was subtle and indirect, again using Paris:

‘meat as her weapon. Under the guise of social reform, she
sowed the seeds of ruin in the nation's recovering economy,

United Kingdom 3s


_slming rocut sway the basis of ner enemics" power as she had
done before, The Age of Aquarius ran out of money, and
collapsed ina se ofrecrimination. She placed a pawn —one
‘whom she regarded almost as a daughter — in charge of
Parliament, and kept up the pressure on the economy. The
smaller fiefs had become less obedient of lite, and the
<estricton of their economic base would teach them their
place,

Meanwhile, London must lear to be ruled, willingly or
‘otherwise, and Anne took steps to keep the Primogen weak.
‘Upon her succession, she had filled the Primogen with
‘Ventruc faithful and Toreadors whose neutrality she bought
by extending the Elysium, The Tremere who had sat on the
Primogen were cither destroyed or missing, and the few
Bruja were soon manipulated into withdrawing in protest.
‘Mithras had kept the Primogen weak, and it was an easy task
4o fill it with her supporters. She no longer feared the
‘Anarchs' voices — let them how! and rage, 40 long as they
were powerless,

‘A revolt among the morthem fiefs was put down with the
belpofallcs, andalthough relations with York were strained,
‘London was once again in conwol of Britain, But Parliament
‘wasslipping away from ber, Her pawn had succeeded almost
too well, and despite careful sabotage of uny rivals ber
leadership of Parliament was in jeopardy, The kine were
becoming restless, and the frustrated Anarchs were setting
about harnessing that frustration, Anne's pawn became the
focus forall discontent, and regredfully shehad toremove ber
from power,

She now faces a dilemma, as criticisms of her mule are
s70wing even among her own Clan. Two decades of harsh
rile have faite to extinguish the Tremere dhreat and have
‘apparently given the Anarchs more support instcad of starving
them into subsnission, Rivals are jockeying for power, and
the crown feels loose upon her bead. Is there any way to hold
‘onto power without another series af purges? Has che the
[power to undertake such purges, or will she fall ta coup
which may even now be brewing?

Sire: Valerius

‘Clam: Ventrue

Nature: Director

Demeanour: Autocrat

‘Generavion: 61n

Embrace: 1688 (bom 1635)
‘Apparent Age: 50s

Physical: Suenguh 4, Doxerity 6, Stamina 6
Sociat: Charisma 4, Manipulation 7, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

‘Talents: Alertness 6, Brawl 3, Diplomacy >, Dodge 6,
Intimidation 4, Intrigue 7, Leadership 6, Sense Deception 4,
Subkerfuge 6

‘Skills: Bribery 5, Dancing 3, Debate 5, Drive 3, Etiquette
4, Fast-Talk 4, Imecrogation 4, Masquerade'5, Meditation 2,
Police Procedure 3, Public Speaking 5, Speed Reading 3,
Stealth 4, Style 3

Knowledge: Area Knowledge (London) 5, Burescracy 6,
City Secrets (London) 5, Economics 4, Finance 6, Investiga-
tion 4, Kindred Lore 4, Law 6, Linguistics 4, Magus Lore 5,
Occult 7, Politics 7, Psychology 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 6, Fortitude 4, Obfus-
cate 4, Presence 7

Background: Allies 5, Contacts 6, Herd 4, Influence 7,
Resources 6, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 6, Courage 4

‘Merits: Concentration, Self-Confident, Charmed Exist-
‘ence, Political Ties

Flaws: Enemy (Tremere), Magic Susceptibility

Humanity: 9

Willpower: 8

Blood Pool/Max per Tarn: 30/6

Derangements; Intelcctualization

Notes: Allies, Contacts and Herd are all in Parliament;
Lady Anne feeds exclusively on politicians, Herretsiners re
mostly Ghouls,

mage: A slightly built, brown-haired woman whosebive
eyes betray enormous force of personality,

‘Haven: In u hidden collar beneath the Houses of Parita-
‘ment, Subsidiary Havens include a huge and impressive
‘mansion on the outskirts of the city, which is normally used
for receiving visitors,

Roleplaying Hints: You are in charge — let no one
‘mistake that, You are brusque and peremptory with under-
lings, bat charming with equals and those you wish to
influence. Yout main motivation at present is to let no one
now how slight your grip on London has become. Exude
relaxed self-confidence as much as possible

Aleister Crowley (‘The Great Beast')

"Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the law" — that
‘was always Crowley's favorite saying, and it guided his life
{rom the very beginning, Rebelling against the stifling social
and moral conventions of the Victorian English mice
clases, he scandalized society in the carly decades ofthe 20h
century by his behavior. Crowley was also a serious student
of the occult, and a prominent member of the Order of the
Golden Dawn. Afteran argument, hehrkeaway an foundedt
his own Order ofthe Silver Star. Said to have broken every

36 World of Darkness


judicial and moral law, be has been sccused of cannibalism,
ritual murder and worse crimes, but none of his followers
‘ould be persuaded to testify against him, for fear of magical
‘Yengeance, He filed his teeth, claimed to be the Antichrist,
and revelled in his reputation asthe most wicked man in the.
‘world.

Allof this made him a natural candidate forthe Malkavian
Chan, sod a perfect tool for Mithras 1 use againat the
‘Tremere, By dint of some astute maneuvering and a little
Domination here and there, a lesser Malkavian was induced
{to Embrace Crowley, promising access io greater secrets and.
_aterecstasy than hehad ever known. Fora while, Crowley
‘was convinced that he had been adopted by powerful
Vampire Clan called ‘Tremere, and as Mithras had hoped, his
excesses shocked Kindred and kine alike, threatened the
Masquerade on numerous aceasions, and caused doop em
‘harrassment to the Tremere, both in Britain and throughout
the world. Hecontinued wo live openly as the leader of various
‘alts and covens, and his daylight appearances confused and
worried the whole Kindred — had he found some way to
survive daylight, orhad he arranged for a Ghoul or Canaille
Jookalike to stan in for him?

Crowley received a visit one night from three soberly
dressed men, who claimed to represent the Clan Treawere.
‘What followed left Crowley severely weakened and several
‘of his followers hopelessly insane, but the attackers were
riven off. Crowley went into hiding, and spent some time
‘tying to locate his Sire, At first he wanted protection, but
then be began to realize that he had been duped in some way,
‘and demanded the truth. He had earlier mastered the art of
fiding a Prenzy, and used his fll terrifying power to over-
‘compe his tarled Sire. Afr discovering the truth, he desuuyess
his Sire and drank his Blood — an act of pure spite, since he
knew nothing of Diableric, but one which increased his
power considerably.

‘Seeking out his newfound family smong the Malkavians,
Crowley managed to bind them together enough to fight off
‘Tremere attacks. Por the last 40 years, hhas devoted himself
to vengeance against both Ventrue and Tremere. The
Malkavians are more difficult io manage than any of his
‘monal followers, though, and Crowley himself sometimes
becomes distracted by other matters, so their campaign is
lncoasistent and often bizarre. One of Mithras* last acis
before nis alsappearance was to call 4 Blood Hunt against
Crowley; some norvously wonder if Crowley managed to
destroy the Prince,

In fact, Crowley has no idea what happened 10 Mithras.
although he enjoys enormously the fear and uncecuinty that
‘ow surrounds him, He found itexpedieat to arrango his own
death a fow decades ago, and now lives an underground
existence (metaphorically speaking), dividing his time be-
tween pscudo-occultst orgies and acts of terrorism against
the warring Ventruc and Tremere. Both Clans now suspect
the other of having control of the madman, and some even
‘wonder if the Beast has entirely taken him over,

Sire: Achadramenos

‘Clan; Malkavian

‘Nature: Rebel

‘Demeanour: Deviant

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1930 (bom 1875)

Apparent Age: 50s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

‘Soctal: Charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talents; Acting 3, Athletics3, Aleriness 4, Intimidation 6,
Inutigne 3, Leadership 5, Seduction 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Debate 3, Tast Talk 4, Hertulism 2,
‘Meditation 3, Research 3, Stealth 4

Knowledge: Asuology 4, City Secrets (London) 3,lnves-
tigation 2, Kindred Lore 6, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Magus Lore
5, Occult 7, Spirit Lore 5, Theology 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Obfuscate 2, Dominate 5, Pres-
ence 6, Thaumaturgy 4 (Blood 4, Fire 4, Spirit Thaumaturgy
4, Conjuring 2)

Background: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Fame 3, Herd 3,
Resources 4, Retsiners 2, Status 3

‘Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 1, Courage +

Merits: Berserker, Occult Library, Unbondable

Flaws; Vengeance (Ventrucand Tremere), Enemy (dito),
Notoriety

Humanity: 2

Willpower: 10

Blood PooVMax per Turn: 30/6

Derangement: Blood Freary, Arrogance, Vengeance,
Power Mad

Notes: Allies, Contacts and Herd aro all in the occult
‘world: Herd represents currentcultorcoven which Crowley
thas gatloved arvund himself. Among Crowley's reauners i
1 Jookalike whom he has made into a Gul; this is how be
‘manages the daylight appearances which so worry Kindred
observers.

mage: A beavyset man in late-midale age, strong-look-
ing bat with unmmistakeable signs ofa dissolute life. There is
‘something terrifying in his eyes — Dee once said "The sight
of Crowley's eyes disquiets me more than the sunrise."
Haven: Crowley maintains several hidden apartments in
the homes of his wealthies followers, and several more inthe
abandoned ruins of a number of houses of former followers.
Many of these properties were left to one or another of the
mystical Orders Crowley founded, and have been left
abandoned for want of instructions or so thoroughly ted up

{in trusts and other legal arrangements that nothing can ever
be done with them.

United Kingdom 37


Roleplaying Hints: You love to shock for its own sake,
and you also love to watch another person throwing off the
bonds of convention forthe firsttime. You speak in moderate
and cultured tones. but with the mast graphically abscene
language and idcas, Others must acknowledge your absolute
power and bend themselves to your will, or get out of your
sight

Lianna (Leanan)

‘She was always the prettiest girl inthe village, and when
the farmers would bring their livestock in to market all the
lade would compote forheraucations. She lovedit. They said
that one day she'd take the eye of a ford and end up being a
great lady in Dublin or even London. Her mother suid she'd
‘end up ruined and in shame and poor forthe rest of her days,
butehe paidino mind. she new that greater things would coe
her way — and one day, they did.

‘The stranger appeared one winter, and said he was a sailor
just retumed from the Indies. He thrilled her with his talk of
faraway places, glittering palaces and dazzling balls, and the
‘wo would often stay up until dawn talking — for he had
business during the day, and never appeared in ber father's
ale-bowse until dark. He would slip in unseen, and tip her a
wk — dsat was how she knew to meet him when the tavern

Then the stranger told her he was leaving, as he had
business elsewhere. Her head was $0 full of his stories that
she could no longer bear to stay inthe village, and she begged
him totake ber, and show her all the wonders ofthe world. He
thought fora while, andthen he agreed. He would be gone for
‘wo days, he said, bat he would surely be back on the wed
day, and she should be ready to leave that night.

‘She could barely stand the drudgery and boredom of the
‘next two days, She pot her few good clothes together, with
some other things for the journey, and hid them in a bundle
under her bed. As darkness fell on the third night, she could
hardly remember her duties for watching the door of the sle-
hhouse and waiting forthe stranger to appear — but he never
id, She went to be that night in tears, her heart broken,

‘That night, she had a strange dream, She dreamed that the
stranger came to her as she lay sleeping, and told her to get
ready to leave. She felt very strange as they crept out of tie
<door and down the street, 0 weak she could hardy stand. Her
stomach felt unsettled and she felt hungry and thirsty all at
once. She put this doun to nervousness, though, for she was
leaving her whole life behind and would never return,

The two travelled together for almost a century, seeing all
thesplendors ofthe world Paris, Bertin, Alexandria, Bombay,
Peking, and many places beside — they never did gee 10
Dublin, although her companion assured her that these places
‘were grander, She found out all about the world, and about
the great lords and ladies who called themselves the Kindred.

‘When her companion lefther, she did not mind. She knew
her way about the world now, and there were so many things
to see and do that she never missed him. She was now able to
take companions of her oxn, which she thoroughly enjoyed.
‘he artists and musicians of the world had so much more
about them than the boys of her native village, and she
‘enjoyed having them dedicate to her the beautiful things they
mad, She also enjoyed leaving them alone to pine forher, for
she knew that this was the tnmest and purest sign of love.

She returned wo London in the 60s, to the bright colors and
the endless parties and the art and optimism which no one
thought would end. Harder times and other changes hit the
morals, butthe Kindred protected themselves from hardship
ln their Havens and palaces, and did what they could 10
prevent the gloom and depression of the times from affecting
the places they loved. But the dreariness of the mortal world
is still permeating the Elysium, and she thinks she might
‘move on for a while — if she can find a place where people
iil know how to have a good time.

Sire: Pascoe

(Clan: Toreador
Nature: Bon Vivant

closed. He didn't much care for the company of other people -«-Detmeanor: Gallant
— too ordinary, he suid —and few there were in the village Generation: 7th
who even remembered having seen him,

38 World of Darkness


Embrace: 1645 (born 1628)

Apparent Age: carly 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 6
‘Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits $

‘Talents: Artistic Expression 2, Empathy 5, Poctic Expres-
sion 2, Seduction 6, Singing 2

Skills: Carousing 6, Drive 2, Etiquetie 5, Masquerade 4,
Masic 2, Meditation 2, Style 6

Knowledge: Art History 3, City Secrets (Landon) 3,
Kindred Lore 3, Linguistics 2, Literature 3

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerty 2, Chimerstry 3, Domi-
rate 2, Fortiude 1, Presence 4

Background: Allies 2, Herd 2, Resources 4
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 2
Merits: Calm Heart, Charmed Existence, Baby Face
Flaws: Uneducated, Allergic (aspirin)

Humanity: 7
Willpower: 5
Blood PooMax per Tura: 21V5

Derangements: Obsession (partying, seducing artists)

Notes: Liannais extremely killed atseduction, androvels
inthe effect she has on her mortal "companions." She loves
to play the Muse, inspiring her lovers to pracduce greater and
‘more wonderful works than ever before, ncither eating nor
sleeping in a whirlwind of ercativity. Sometimes she will
‘even allow her victims to drink a litle of her Blood, tempo-
‘arily granting them the advantages of being Ghouls for as
Jong as they continue to create. She also loves withdrawing.
her favors from an artist who has begun to bore her. She can,
‘manage things deliberately so that the anist begins to pine for
her, and is eft burnt ou by his endeavors to please her. Ifthe
Storyteller feels the need for ammechanism to reflect this, then
tbe artist might be required to make a Self-Control rofl on
being seduced, and another on being abandoned. Failure does
‘ot result in Frenzy, but as with Frenzy rolls the artist may
pick up # derangement — Obsession with creating upon
being seduced, and Depression upon being abandoned.

Lianna regards herself as an artist, using the emotions of
‘morals as ber instrument. She has had great success even
withthe Kindred, leading one Ravnos tobe her protector and.
teacher for years,

Image: A stunningly beautiful young woman, with per
fectbone structure, long strawberry-blonde hairandenchant-

United Kingdom

ing, laughing green eyes. Generally dresses in flowing evening
wear, favoring the soft, romantic styles of the late 60s.

Haven: Lianna's main Haven is an unmapped space inthe
foundations of the South Bank arts complex, with secret
tunnels connecting to the maze of passages beneath Waterloo
station.

Roleplaying Hints: You are beautiful and charming, and
‘you know it. Your appeal lies notin obvious sexuality bat in
the perfection of your beauty, the bewitching quality of your
‘eyes and a laugh which has boca doscrited (by a besotcd
‘mortal as sounding like liquid sunshine trickling down a
brook. You aim straight forthe heart and mind, and leave the
lower regions to others — you are an enchuantress, not a
whore, You speak with a soft Irish broguc, wit a liking
rhythm that can make a comment about the weather sound

like poetry.
‘The Hunt Club

‘The Hunt Club isa flamboyant group of Diabolists. Some
believe they are Anarchs, others that they are decadents from
a variety of Clans, probably led by Toreadors. Crowley has
been widely accused of being a prominent member of the
Hunt Club, but nothing has yet been proven. Although

39


Mithas is missing and a Blood Hunt has not formally been
called in London, al the other fiefs and coteries ofthe British
Isles have let it be known that membership in the Hunt Club
‘is considered a capital offense.

For around 30 years now, Kindred — normally of ninth
and older generations —have beea disappearing. Occasional
‘bloodless remains have been found, and often an item such as
‘ricimg-crop, a rider's cap in hunting punk, the tal of a fox,
‘or Some similar item has been found in the victim's Haven.
(Onat least one occasion, a victim has found the tail of a fox
inhis Haven a day or so before disappearing,

‘The Hunt Club isan informal coterie of brash and mostly
young Cainites who have taken to Diablerie for several
‘easons. One, of course is the promise of power to be gained
by drinking the Blood of thei elders, hut equally important
in their eyes is the chase itself. A Vampire is the most
dangerous prey ofall, and the challenge of bringing down 3
‘more powerful Vampire is pechaps the ultimate test of one's
‘own ability. Recently the Hunt Club has become more
audacious by leaving wamings to its intended victims —
increasing the sport by giving the quarry a headstart.

At present, nothing is known of the whereabouts of the
‘Hunt Club or the identities ofits members. I strikes all over
‘he British Isles, wherever there are Cainites of early gener
tions to be found, So far, victims have all been ofthe Sixth -
‘Ninth generations, but the choice of quarry is tending toward
the earlier generations.

‘A persistent rumor names Count Zaroff, young Vampire
‘against whom Blood Hunts have been called in most of the
fiefs of Europe for similar activiie. In life, Zaroff was an
expatriate Russian nobleman who lived for the hunt and
searched the world for ever more dangerous prey. In the
1930s the mortal authorities discovered that hee had been
{krapping humans —often other big game hunters —inhis
search for the most dangerous game of all, and he disap-
peared from his island estate in the Pacific. A decade or 50
laice, a Neonate calling himself Zaroff appeared in Europe;
he chowed 2 disturbing lack of respect for senior Kindred,
challenging almost every Caimite he met 10 some physical
contest. He hus not been seen for 10 years, since he was
‘expelled from Berlin,

‘Sire: Arebetialuah
Clan: Caitiff

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Competitor
Generation: 10th (whea last seen)
Embrace: 191 (bom 1893)

Apparent Age: carly 405
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
‘Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, imelligence 2, Wits 3

‘Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Baw 4, Dodge 2,
IMuimkdadion 2, Leadership 2, Search 3, Scan 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Archery 4, Camouflage, Climbing
3, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Falconry 2, Fast-Draw 3, Fisearms 5,
Game Playing 3. Gunsmithing 3, Hunting 5, Melee 5
Orienteering 4, Ride 3, Sicalth 4, Survival 5, Throwing 3,
Tracking 4

Knowledge: History 4, Kindred Lore 3, Lupine Lore 2,
‘Occult 3, Namuralist +

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate
2, Potence 2, Serpentis 2

‘Background: Resources 4, Retainers 3
‘Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 5, Courage 5

‘Merits: Code of Honor (always kill cleanly. feed only on
own kills), Overconfideat, ron Will, Daredevil

‘Flaws: Prey Exclusion (females, anything weaker than
himself), Compulsion (hunting), Anachronism (19th cen-
try)

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7 ‘

Blood Pool/Max per Turn: 13/1

Derangements: Arrogance, Obsession (hunting)

Notes: Zarofi's Reiners are a massively built mute
‘Cossack manservant and a pack of four hunting dogs, all of
which aro thought to be Ghouls, At the present time, he may

hhave attained an earlier Generation through Diablerie than
dat shown above.

Image: Immaculate, medium height, wiry build, hawk-
like face, Oiled dark hair, dark trimmed beard and mous-
tache. dueling scar on left chek. Normally dresses in ring
boots, jodpurs, shin and cravat. Sometimes wears monocle.

Haven: Unknown at present. Favors large remote estates
and islands,

Roleplaying Hints: Bepolished and charming atalltimes,
but always finda way to tun the conversation to hunting and
‘use metaphors based on hunting wherever possible, Without
‘ever being loss than charming, sublly challenge any male
character you encounter to a physical contest — a hunt if

40 World of Darkness


possible. Usea very slight Russian accent if you can manage
it without being heavy-handed; at any rate, ty to sound like
«European aristocrat.

Chronicles

‘The information in the chaptercan only scratch the surface
ofthe possibilities for using the British Isles as seting for
Vampire. The following notes ars intended wo help the
Storyteller in developing a Chronicle in this sewing.

Further Information

‘As incationcd carer, toutis guises axe recommended 1
Storytellers outside the British Isles asa means of getting the
basic information about an area quickly and digestibly, and
there is a range of popular paperbacks for researching par-
ticular historical events and chavacters. Very lie wer
‘Vampire fiction has been set in the British Isles, but Barbara
Hambly's Jmmortal Blood could form the basis for a

worthwhile Story, or at least a source of interesting charac
tess.

‘Those who havea taste for such things could research real
crimes in the British Isles and weave them into their
Chronicles; the Ripper killings of 1888 will be considered in
‘more detail below, and other possibilities proven themselves.

Basil Copper's The Vampire in Legend, Art and Fact covers
a few cases.

Where's Jack?

"The Ripper murders of 1888 have left a lasting mark on
British popular culture as well as the nation's criminal
history. Ina reign of terror lasting several weeks, an unknown
aller murdered five prostitutes inthe poorer part of London's
East End, mutilating their bodies ina horrifying way. Jack the
Ripper — or someone claiming to be him — sent taunting
letters to the police, oven claiming to have cooked and eaten
some of his victims' organs which were missing when they
‘were discovered.

‘The speculation over these killings continues to this day,
and scarcely a year goes by without another book being
Published with new information, afresh perspective or even
a handy summary of previous books.

‘A popular theory claims that the Ripper was a gentleman,
‘The Jetters betray some education, and some commentators
believe that the mutilations were done in such a way as to
‘betray medical experience. Other aspects of the killings th
say, have links with Freemasonry, and some have suggested
that the killings were ritual in nature, pointing w the Masonic
‘connection and sagely reminding the reader that there were
five killings and a pentacte has Give voters, In at leat &
film version of the case, it was noticed that there was far less
blood in and around the body than might be expected.

Prominent suspects have included the court physician and
distant member of the royal family, but wo this day the case
remains unsolved.

Inthe world of Vampire, these killings could very easily
take on a new significance. If the killings were ritual in
nature, were the Tremere involved? If s0, why were the
bodies not disposed of property, and who wrote the taunting
letters to the potice? Were they the work of some deranged
Malkavian — perhaps set up by Mithras to discret the
‘Tremere? Or was the killer simply a mortal —an insane and
vicious one to be sure, but a mortal nonetheless? How were
the Kindred of London affected by the killings? Itmuschave
been of great importance to discover the killer's identity aod
what action — if any — did the Kindred take? Why di the
killings suddenly stop, and if the killer is still in existence,
where is he? Or she?

United Kingdom at



Aw Overview

Written by Rob Hatch, Art by Josh Timbrook

‘Ah, dearest, You are awake. Good. 1 shall have Pietro
fetch the map and itinerary. We have much to discuss, much
1w prepare you for, before we ftv across the Aulaniic. We 20
to Europe, the Old World, land of my birth— how long ago
war it? —and of my Embrace, ~

What's to discuss, you say? Ah, my Childe, how much you
have yet to learn. No, 1 would never patronize you, but you
‘must understand: the Kindred of Europe are as different
{from your brethren as— pardon the pun—night and day.

First and foremost, and you must understand how impor-
sans this i, Europe's Kindred are, for the mst part, so old.
‘The Anarch rabble of our city sit in their clubs and complain
‘about the stagnation of our society and the unchanging
nnacures of their Princes — Princes who are often a mere
comury anda half old, societies which perhaps predate their
Princes by afew decades! What do they know of age? 1 tll
ou, there are Princes in Greece who debated with Socrates
in the marketplace —I have spoken with one who marched
with the legions along the Appian Way ...

Forgive me. 1 get—how do you say —carried away?
Yes. You cannot imagine what such years do to one, You,
who grewup inamortal society whichdevelopedits televisions
‘and ts spacecraft and its lasers and its compact disk players
in a handful of years, where change {sas close as a remote
‘control bution, where a life's work is tossed aside with wo
‘weeks' notice and a Havens casualty thrown away when the
lease expires, cannot comprehend what itis to lve in atime
when farmers plowed the fields of their fathers and their
‘Fathers before them. Change is anathema to many of the
Elders, and tradition has gone from being a nicety to being
‘an obsession. Watch all that you say and do. Awrong word,
‘avsrong look, has led to the Final Deathfor many a Kindred.

eT
The Kindred of Europe

Many of the Kindred Elders of Europe are wuly ancient,
some having been created well before medieval times. Some
Elders have ruled for centuries, and the web of tition,
betrayal and revenge that blankets Europe may well have had
its first strands spun before the birth of Chvist. Rituals,
jealousies and feuds have gnawed at some of the Elder
Kindred to the point of obsession — indeed, an objective
‘outsider might Say, to the point of madness,

Strict undition dominates the unlives of Europe's Kin-
dred. The word of the Lextalionis is followed to the letter.
Particularly in the post-Renaissance years, the growing
population and limited spoco in Europe means that och
‘Traditions as Presentation and Becoming arc taken very se-
riously. Some of Europe's more reactionary Kindred sill
Use old-fashioned calling cards to Present themsclves t0
others of their kind, and even the Princes do not often Begs
without the tcit approval of the other Kindred,

‘The Prince of a city acts very much as did his feudal
‘counterparts of a millennium ago, and demands much the
‘same obedience, Often there isno Frimogen council tocheck
his actions — many of Europe's Princes, already undead for
‘centuries before the Enlightenment concepts of democracy
and limited rule, saw the writings of such thinkers as Rousseau
and Locke as mere Anarch babble.

‘As Europe's Princes are often far older than their Ameri-
‘can counterparts (Sixth or even Fifth Generation), they have
the innate power to enforce their heavy-handed rue, andthe
Kindred activity of a European domain is largely dictated by
the whim ofthe Prince, Blood Hants are called with greater

Europe a


frequency, and forfarlesscause. For the mostpart. the Prince
‘may doas he pleases (and the word ‘he is used deliberately:
‘male chauvinism remains stroag among Europe's Kindred,
and most of the continent's Princes are male), Many of
Europe's Elders are extremely reactionary: the years of
unlifehavehardened them against any acceptance of change,
sand infact they lash out at any attempt to keep up with the
times as Anarch sentiment. This has led tothe formation of
‘cass of Ancillae who, while by no means Anarch. see some
degre of enlightened change as essential to the survival of
the Camarilla, These Ancillae, the ‘liberal Yuppies' of
‘European Vampires, play a dangerous game: they are often
Castgated as Anarchs by the Elders and are soon as fence-
suraddling whiners by Europe's growing faction of uve
Anarchs

Many of Europe's youngest Kindred, in fact, are begin=
ning to leh out at "the systems" with a fury unrivalled by any
of their American brethren, Seeing no future in a stagnant
system of centuries-long waits for power, the Anarchs strike
ut at their Elders under the guise of terrorist bombings and
politcal protests. Europe's many factions of political, dis-
affected youth make perfect smokescreens for these rebel
Kindred. Indeed, the War of Ages scems to have become

teipantte in Europe: the old guard, the reformers, and the
Anarchs

Brujah

The Brujah aro strong in Europe, but are perhaps not
entirely synonymous with their New World counterparts;
indeed, many European Brujah act like Ventrue. Intellectu-
alismis still strong among this clan; many European Brujahs'
‘dea of revolution i siaing in all-night cafes discussing the
merits of Marxism over a game of chess. Many Brujah are
bitter and disillusioned over the failure of their Communist
"noble experiment."

Gangrel

‘There is almost nowhere for them to run. ‘The limited
space and large population are catching up to them —
Europe's Gangrel are more politically active, and indeed
some border on the verge of ecoterrorism, They have very
litde space loft to hide from the Lupinsa and ars being
crammed into the cities which they so despise. Many
Gangrel are drug addicts or just plain crazy, and there seems
to be a mass Gangrel exodus from Europe going on.

Malkavians

What is more dangerous than an insane Vampire? An
{insane Fifth Generation Vampire who rules her own city. In
asuciety where many Vampires ruled ong before the coming
of the Camarilla and ‘eccentricity' is decorously ignored
among the powerful, many Malkavians are in positions of
prestige and influence in Europe, Malkavians are the ex-
‘ceptions to the rule of ‘proper' behavior; most other Kindred
{indulge all but their most grotesque excesses.

Nosferatu

Nosferatu ate widespread in Europe — the many ruins and
ancient buildings, as well as the extensive metro systems,
sive them perfect places to hide. Nosferatu are looked on
‘with greater loathing and contempt than in Amezica, as the
idea of individual achievement is less prevalent among
European Vampires than those of the United States, and the
Nosferatu line in general is soen as cursed,

‘Toreador

Europe is renowned even among morals for its great
stats; ti only natural that the continent would be a major
nexus for the Tareador Clan. The Toreador are very str0@
{in Europe, and indeed Toreador from al over the world flock
tosuch centers of Toreador power as Paris and Florence. The
European Toreador look with disdain on these foreign Phi-
listines, not that any of them would ever show it they smile
graciously atthe Ugly Americans and snicker behind their
handkerchiefs.

Ventrue

‘The Ventrue clan is powerful in Europe, like nearly
everywhere else. ‘There is a great debate conceming policy
inthe Clan between the eldest Ventruc who wish o preserve

"4 World of Darkness


the current system of government (or belt Yet, revert to
‘quasi-feudalisi) and the younger Ancillae who harbor great
hopes for a United Europe (controlled by them, of course).

Tremere

The Tremere were bom in Europe and are still largely
‘controlled from Vienna. Of all the Camarilla Clans, Euro-
pean Tremereaill anemmot familiarin American Vampires
(vot that this is necessarily s good thing...).

Caitiff

Nowherois the lotof aiff poorer than in Europe. ere,
where prestige is based on age, bloodline and clan ties, a
Cait has almost no chance to rise in Status. Caitiff are
shunned and ostracized, even by the Anarchs; occasionally,
2 Cait is recruited by some other Vampiri: organization
with the promise of power and prestige and sent on a suicide
srision,

Assamites

‘As the struggle between Kindred in Europe reaches the
toiling point, the Assamites stand ready to take advantage of
it. Expanding outward from their Turkish stronghold under
We guise of Arab immigrant, whe Assamites are quicuy
‘consolidating ther strength in the cities of Europe. Many so-
called "terrorist bombings" are in reality Assamite ‘hits' on
various Vampiric targets; the Vienna airport bombing. of
1985 came dangerously close to destroying one of the
‘Tremere's Seven Elders en route to his stronghold viacoffin.

Followers of Set

‘The Minions of Setare few and far between in Europe, but
they are there —a few gangs in Southem Europe and along
the Mediterranean have been taken over by their rpresen-
tatives, and agents of the clan have made it known that their
secvices are for hire — forthe right price...

Giovanni

‘Tha Giovanni are on the move: already a major power in
Inly, they seek to expand into the economic playgrounds of
Switzerland and the Benelux consortium. No one knows
‘what they want, bt one thing is for sure: no one trusts them.

Raynos

Although common to Easter Europe, Ravnos have mi-
‘grated allover Europe with the Gypsy clans. Thy arecertain
to appear atall the major Vampire festival, calertaining with
their tricks and sleight of hand and pocketing whatever they
‘can, Europe's feudal-based old guard Vampires would like
‘pothing better than to have the Jot of them beheaded as

commen thisves,

France

All that is beautiful among owr kind can be found in
France. The Toreador scrupulously mainiain the artistic
splendors ofthe nation. However, more than anywhere else
in Europe, you must be careful in everything you say and do,
Prejudice and intolerance casts an ugly pallor over the land.

‘The history of France has long been synonymous with the
‘Toreador clan, The Toreador of France are seen (by them-
selves, a least as the Luminaries, movers und shakers ofthe
clan worldwide, It is largely the influence of the Toreador
that is responsible tor France's being thecultural enter ofthe
Westem world. Kindred xenophobia is perhaps strongerhere
than anywhere else; the Toreador sce themselves as true
aristocrats, alone fit to decide the future of art in the world.
Foreign Kindred who visit France are often given anextermal
show of great politeness but are madc to feel acutely uncom-
fortable.

‘The Toreador of France areas reactionary as any Ventruc.
If they could, they would restore the monarchy. They are
ardent supporters of nationalism, for only this provides the
cultural diversity necessary to produce great art. Under the
influence of the Toreador, anti- foreign sentiments have
reached new heights, in particular because of the influx of
Assamites into the country.

Paris

Long renowned as the center of culture in the Westem
World, Paris has naturally attracted the attention of the
‘Toreador Clan, and indeed one of the main meeting places of
the entire Clan isin the Louvre. Here. in the shadowy ster.
hhours corridors, the luminaries of the Parisian Guild pss
solemn judgement on what will bechic andavant-garde inthe
‘way of at and fashion. A word from the Elders of Paris can
make orbreak moral and Vampire alike in the art world. A
in Paris is not exclusive to the Toreador, however; some of
the Malkavian performance artis as bizarre as anything else
in the world, and has been banned as shocking by the
‘supposelly liberal Toreador.

‘The ruler of Paris is Francois Villon, a Fifth Generation
Elder ofthe Toreador. He owns the Louvre, forall practical
purposes; he and his clique are the final word on what is
artistic and what is gaucho, what is fashionable an what i
tacky. A renowned womanizer in life, Villon sill haunts the
fashion shows of Paris; his Herd consists of the world's most
‘beautiful models.

‘Many other Vampires are sick of the Toreatir strangle-
hhold on the City of Lights. Anazch bands of Bruja, Gangrel
and Matkavians stalk the Left Bank, joined by several ren-
ccgade Toreadors. whose work was rejected by the Elders'
‘clique, ‘Ihe Sabbat mauntains a somewhere i
the Parisian slums, with the hope of inciting violence among
the kine and thereby weakening the Toreador holdon the city.
‘A small band of Nosferatu stalk the city. ‘These Nosferatu

Europe Ss


stare che Toreadors" love of art and beauty; many of them
make their homes bencath cathedrals, and have been mis-
taken for gargoyles by passersby. One such Nosferatu may
have been the inspiration for Victor Hugo's Quasimodo,
while another Nosferam by the nsmne of Erik, who main-
tainod his Haven underneath the Paris Opera House, is
‘grudgingly acknowledged by some Toreador as the best
singer ofall tkme,

——————

Germany

Even afterall hese years. the thought ofmy homeland still
‘moves me, the flowing roar of the Rhine, the whispering of
the Black Forest, the old castles of owr Clan—andat last that
damned walt is down. Would thatthe wall of ignorance and
smisunderstanding between the Kindred of my land were as
easily brought (ow.

Much as Prance is the domain of the Toreador, Germany
is the headquarters of the Ventrue of Europe, The vast
majority of the Princes of the German cities are controlled by
‘Ventrue. Although Germans have maide many contributions
vw artand culture (particulary inthe area of classical music),
the Ventruc have been careful to preserve ther state against
the incursions of the Toreador, even going so far as to help
unite the scattered city-states in the late 19th century in 2
show of Ventroe solidarity. Although a misjudgment onthe
[par ofthe Ventrue concerning the threat posed by the Nazis
Jed toa reduction in the power of Germany, with the collapse
of the Berlin Wall most Ventrue are optimistic about the
future power of the new state

Most of the Ventruc rulers are extremely old. Here, more
than anywhere els. the old-yuar of the Ventrue holt sway
‘Advancement in German society often takes centuries of
Joyal subservience. Many of the younger Ventrve, frustrated
by this tack of vision on the part of their Elders, covery
support the Anarch activities of the Malkavinns, Rrujah and
CCitiff who have been all but shut out of German society in
the last century and a half.

Berlin

Surprisingly, the capital of Germany is the hotbed of
‘Anarch activity in the country. The sudden wash of freedom
following the Walls collapse provided a plethora of punks
and political activists ofall stripes for Germany's Auaisio
walk among. In the shadows of the Wall, the Anarchs plot
their next maves to destroy the Ventrue consortium, Beclin
has also become a haven for Malkavians in recent times; the
sudden outbursts and expressions of liberty mean that all
sors of bizamre behavior go essentially unnoticed.

Black Forest

‘Oncea Gangrel stronghold, in the last century the Lupines
have been making a concerted effort to destroy the Gangre!
in the forest. As a result, many Gangrel have had to retreat
to the cities, where most join the Anarchs or simply wander

46 World of Darkness


Ww
o
ie)
o
=]
Ww


aimlessly. Deep in the forest. hidden from the Lrpinex by
powerful Obfuscate disciplines, is a base for the Sabbat, who
plotio control the resources ofthe new United Germany. The
Sabbat are having problems with the Forest's large faerie
population, however, which torments them unmercifully.

——
Belgium/Netherlands/Luxembourg

Sail in size, email in Herd, true — bu itis not without
‘reason that these nations have been bitterly feuded over by
‘greater powersfor centuries. The future of Europe may well
lie withina litte patch of land painstakingly wrested from the

‘Although there are not many Kindred in this small region,
the ones that are here are very influemtial, as they control
much of Europe's banking and jewel industries. This is a
Ineadquarters for the Ventruc reformers who wish w wuite
‘Europe in an economic consortium.

‘These reformers have begun making offers of assistance
tand friendship to the rulers of what was once the Soviet
Union; expecting to deat withthe former Brojah rulers of the
country, they have found their communiques unanswered.
Suil, realizing that the addition of the Soviet Kindred would.
help them tremendously, they continue their efforts.

Amsterdam

‘This portis famous for the variety of goods offered here —
anything, legal or otherwise, can be bought here, The Prince
‘of Amsterdam is relatively new — a Seventh Generation
‘Ventrve and leader of the Ventrue reformers, His dramatic
liberalization of the city's trade laws has given the city an
‘economic boom and altiracted all manner of people — le-
gitimate businessmen and smugglers alike. The Prince has
also, in a gesture of solidarity, taken advisers from other
‘Clans besides his own. The Prince is unsure of himself, as
many more powerful Ventrue in Germany are looking with
suspicion on his irregular behavior, thinking of it as almost
‘Anarch. Both the Giovanni and the Sabbat haveagents in the
city, and would like nothing beuer than to control this
‘economic bastion,

Norway/Denmark/Sweden

Atfirst glance, one weuld not expectthe frozen northiobe
‘aland comjortable to the Kindred. Afterall, the myths tell of.
Dwarves, Trolls, Giants —not Vampires. But did not Odin
One-eye demand blood sacrifice? Did not Freya turn into a
falcon? Did not Loki vanish in a wink, and were not the
Viking smowfields liuered with corpses to be picked over by
the Choosers ofthe Fallen?

De to the relatively large tracts of wildemess and small
opulace, the Kindred of Norway, Denark auxl Sweden
‘maintained a tradition of isolation and neutrality toward one
another for millennia. These are few Kindred in this region,
largely duc to the ‘midnight sun' phenomenon which causes

‘Vampires to go into Torpor for as much as six monthe at
time, Although the Vampire population was once comprised
largely of Brujal (who favored the area for the bloody Viking
‘battles; when mortals went on as many berserker fremzies as
Vamnpires, who would look twice at a "warrior" sucking his
{foe's blood?) and Gangred, the Christianization of the Sean-
dinavians brought with it many Ventrue and Toreador. In a
series of battle, the combined Venirve factions of England
and Germany defeated the Viking Rrujah and drove their
allies, the savage all-female Gangrel band known as the
Valkyries, into the forests.
‘The Princes of westem Scandinavia are for the most part
true with tics to both Englandand Gexunany, though dere
is strong Toreador faction in Denmark. The Scandinavian
Princes work remarkably wel together, even going so far as

{pall informal meetings in Osto, Copenhagen of Stockholm
‘to discuss their affairs. The Scandinavian Ventsuc asc for die

‘most part in favor of a United Europe, as are the Toreador,
‘This particular political stance has driven a rift between the
‘Denmark Toreador and their brethren; Pars firmly maintains
that nationalisms vial tocreate the cultural differences from
‘whence springs Truc Art. The art ofthe Denmark Toreadors
is snubbed as well; many Danish Toreador are cinemaiog-
raphers, and their movies have gained 1 reputation among
‘Kindred and kine for their alleged ‘pornographic contcul

Lately, there has been a graphic upsurge in Anarch activ-
ity, however. Bands of disaffected, punk-influenced youth
roam the streets, dealing drugs and committing random
‘vandalistc acts; of late thesc acts have increased nearly to the
point of sabotage. They serveas the perfect smokescreen for
‘Anarchactivitiesaimedat Kindred, The Eldersof Seandinawvia,
agin politely for outsiders and pretend that nothing is wrong
‘while the violence grows daily. ‘There aro even fearful
‘whispers among the Ventroe that the Valkyries have arisen
‘once more, that they are tehind the recent rash of Anazch
activities. A sketchy description of the unknown assassin
‘who took the life of Sweaish Prime Minister Olot Palme in
1986almost perfectly matches that ofthe legendary Brunhilde,
leader of the ancient Gangrel warband.

Finland

A land of darkness and fog, whose shamans travelled
down the river ofthe dead o talk with Tuonelain her hu. The
plots of the Finnish Kindred stretch back through the eons,
‘and a far and isolated land és not necessarily controlled by
vweaklings. Indeed, Louhi and her Brood have weighedonmy
‘mind more than once over the centuries.

‘The Vampires of Finland, conversely, gathered togetherin
tightly-organized coteries even before the birth of civiliza-
tion proper in the area; duc to the large Kindred population,
Lapland became koown among the kine 3 Pohiola, the Land
cof Darkness, Finland is primarily controlled by Loubi, a
Fifth-Generation Vampire whose Thaumaturgical skills ri-
vval those of the Tremere Elders; now quite mad, she is

e World of Darkness


rumored to be working on a great ritual to blot out the sun.
‘There are whispers among the northern Kindred that Louis.
allied with the Sabbat. For years Louhi both sided and feuded
‘with the Brujah who ran the Soviet Union; some say her
greatest heights of madness (aud paramoia) wvincided wish:
the collapse of that group.

lemmamnesmemmnmemineememmmnenaenent

Austria

A realm of soaring spires and quaint chateaus, rustic
villagesand'The Sound of Music. Who would believe thatthe
world's most dangerous occult society clutched this land so
‘ighity in their talons?

Much like England, Austria has become a covert battle
ground between the Ventre and Tremere, The Tremere
‘would very much like io dominate the entire country, 50 a5 0
have a bastion of strength and secrecy, while the Ventrue
seek to control Austria's economic resources and prevent the
Warlocks from running everything here.

Vienna

‘Vienna is infamous in Kindred lore as the headquarters of
the Tremere Clan's Seven Elders. All Tremere are brought
hhere atsome point in their initiation to be Blood Bound to the
‘Clan Elders and there will often be several Neonates and their
Sires here at any given time. All other Kindred entering the

city will be noted and watched (dirough both high-level
rimals performed by the Clan over the centuries and moetal

spies) and at some pointeary in their stay will beapproached
by a Tremere agent and politely informed that any
twoublemaking or apparent espionage will result in tho Fi
Death for the offender.

Although there are a few Ventrue in charge of various
business interests here and a branch of the Toreador who
patronize such centers of culture as the Albertina, this is 3
‘Tremere city, and he Elders are not aboutto let anyone forget
it, What few Anarch movements have arisen here (some
sponsored by the Ventrve, ofall Kindred) have heen peompaly
squelched by various ghastly mystical means, Many of
Europe's oldest Vampires (including the Inconnu) consider
the city 10 be a blasphemy and would gladly support any
revolutionary activity that stood chance of undermining the
"Tremere's power here (not that much would).

Switzerland

An island of peace in the midst of turmoil, I wil enjoy ow
stop here. Sull,in my commusniques with my brethren, 1 have
sotten the odd feeling thatallisnotas serene asitseems. Like
the fabled Swiss lakes, a shimmering surface can hide the
dark depihs beneath.

"There are very few Kindred in Switzedland. The nation ie
‘un by Guillaume, a Fifth-Generation Brujah who has (un
known to most) reached Golconda and is secretly apowerfol
voice inthe Inconnu, Formerly a military leader, Guillaume
still insists on military training for all eltizens (including

Europe 9


Kindred) who reside in his Domain, but with his ascendance
Into Golconda has done everything possible to keep Swit-
zerland neutral from all conflicts; the combination of
Switzerland's mountainous terrain and Guillaume's own
formidable power has ensured that this state continue, All
‘Kindredentering the country are thoroughly checked outand
undesirables (©, potential troublemakers) are deported,

Not surprisingly, Geneva has become a favored meeting
place for te European inconna. Although their main strong:
hold is in Transylvania, the other Inconnu often meet with
Guillaume in Geneva; the close proximity to the United
Nations allows the Inconnu sccess to data from all over the
world,

Guillaume has allowed Ventrue bankers into the country
inthe last century, wisely realizing that this would help whe
landlocked nation's economy tremendously. Although he
doesnotearemuch for those Gnomes, as they call emiselves,
te allows them to stay in Switeerland for a share of their
profits. The Gnomes, in turn, arc free to indulge in banking
ractcesnot pemmissibleelsewhere, backed up by Guillaume's
formidable authority,

Tn the last several years, several new Vampires have
appeared on the Swiss banking scene, much to the dismay of
the Gnomes. Guillaume does not know who they are, and he
docs notcare—they causeno rouble and Present themselves
Periodically, He assumes that they arc Caitif, driven out of
theirbomeland and eager forrefuge in Switzerland, Guillaume
allows no retributive action against them to be taken by the
‘Gnomes — be tolerates no violence inhis Domain, and bears
to great love for the Ventrue bankers.

Inreaity the newcomers are Giovanni. They seek to gain
conzolof the fabled Swiss banking industry. WhileGuillaume
1s presenting a problem in that regard —he is watching the
Giovanni c¥en while unaware of their strength — plans are
being made even now for his removal

Spain

In Spain, the Anarch cancer that spreads acrass Europe is
at ies most visible, Riots, bombs. death squads — don't the
fools know that change must come slowly, carefully: evotue
tion instead of revolution?

‘The Kindred of Spain have always been fractious and
<ivided. The Vampire population isahodgepodgeof Drvjah,
Venirue, Toreador, Tremere, and even a few Malkavians,
with scattered Gangret packs in the inner plateaus, The
European Anarch movement is strong here, and the Elders
are litle better: the Camaritia is considering scoding «
Justicar into the area, The Elders war among themselves
‘while Anarch bombs explode in the streets of Madrid,
Barcelona and elsewhere. The Sabbat is strong in Spain,
‘sing the chacs as a caver for theie activities, and many
villagers are reporting wild tales of horror to the uncaring
Guardia Civil.

Barcelona

Renowned as the most beautiful city of Spain, Barcelona
is riled by a conclave of Toreador who banded together for
protection from the Anarchs. Possibly the most cobesive
force of Spanish Vampires, they are stil fractious and dis-
organized. The largest Vampire festival of all is held here.
ia de los Mueries —Day ofthe Deadl —hold on November
1. brings Vampires from all over the contineat and beyond for
wild night of revelry in the streets, On this one night there
are no Elders or Anarchs, no clans; social distinctions and
‘centuries-long feuds are thrown to the winds, and itis not
‘uncommon to see a stately Elder of the Ventrue or Tremere.
‘dnunkonalcohol-laced blood, clumsily dancing in the streets.
Costumes are wom by most Vampires and prizes are given
for the most outlandish (Malkavians usually walk away with
this one).

‘A new Vampire is always Embraced at the beginning of
the night; this Neonate is told that he o¢ she isthe Prince of
‘Vampires' and given utter and complete reign over Europe's
Kindred for the entire night They may command the
‘mightiest Elder, violate the Masquerade or do anything else
they want. At the end of the night the ‘Prince' is captured,
staked, and left in an alley somewhere to burn with the rising
sun,

50 World of Darkness


Toledo

Long renowned a8 a city of wizards, Toledo has long
served asa covert battleground between magi and Vampires
from House Tremere, Indeed, thelegendary steel from which
the swords of Toledo were made was a byproduct of the
‘wizards' search for an enchanted metal which could damage
Vampires. Both magi and Tremere maintain headquarters
hero: the Sociedad dela Luz Exterior forthe human magi, and
the Chantry de fos Reyes for the Tremere. Nocturnal raids
{from one group upon the other's collection of magical tomes
and paraphernalia are not unheard of.

‘A small group of Nosterats live in Toledo under the
Escorial — their comings and goings arc largely responsible
for the local legends of ghostly noises emanating from the
‘crypts there. For the most part, the Nosferatu of Toledo do
‘what ney do best — stay out of the way of ihc centuries-long
feud.

The Basques

‘The Basques are an indigenous people native to the
‘northwest comer of the Therian peninsula. They wish inde-
pendence from Spain and have used terrorist tactics in their
quest for sovereignity, Younger Brujah and Gangrel have
been known to run with the Basques as.a cover for their own,
operations or simply for fun, ~

——

Italy

‘aly, more than any other country, saddens me. Nowhere
se is the malaise that has gripped ow people so evident —
rowhere else are we 50 truly walking dead.

If Spain's Kindred seem divided, Italy's are even more so.
‘The medieval map of Taly was a patchwork of warring city-
states incapable of organization, and litle has changed in the
intervening centuries. Tho rulers of the Ialian citio: are
primarily Brujah and Toreador, and seem more interested in
reciting their centuries-long ltanies of grievances against
their neighbors than in improving thei cities. Many of the
lalian Elders do not even esem to realize wht century i ie
times; they often dress inthe Norid fashions of bygone ages
and display an elaborate and formal gentility worthy of a
Renaissance noble. They sit in heir Havens and stare
wistfully at their collections of art or engage in lengthy
tirades against one of their peers for some deed done in the
days of the DeMedicis, leaving the running of the cities to
their circles of sycophanis, who are often incompetent and,
‘yrannical,

‘ThePrinces of ltaly are usually gracious ina faultto guests
ln their domain, entertaining them with lavish balls and
Parties; however, ifthe guest suddenly commits a breach of
the Princes" elaborue codes of edquctic or falls under sus-
picion (rightly or wrongly) of being in league with the
Prince's enemies, retribution can be tly terrible, One ofthe

Italian Kindred is thoughe to be the inspiration forthe speaker
in Robert Browning's My Last Duchess,

Many ofthe younger Ventrue of Europe would ike to send
fn a Regent (one of their own, of course) to "oversce" and
‘guide' Italy; the elder Venirue, of course, will nt hear of
‘sucha thing, as itis uuterly disrespectful of their halian peers
«anda gross violation of the Second Tradition, Propriety must
bbe maintained, even to those not of one's Clan.

‘The major active power here is, of course, the Giovanni,
‘This clan holds the real economic power in Italy and is
‘rapidly expanding into the rest of the European Economic
‘Community, While Lupines are almoat nonekistent here,
faeries can occasionally be found in the rugged outlands of
the country,

‘Perhaps due to the fact that Rome is the foundation of the
Catholic Church, Kindred in Rome are few and far between.
‘There are 4 few individuals with True Faith in the city —
cnough to cause many Kindred there to feel "tail vibes."
‘While Venirues oftencontrol aspects ofthe Church elsewhere,
their strength here is weak. ‘The Sabbut would like nothing
‘more than to undermine the Church and take over the city, but
as yet have wut figured out how 1 go about ft.

‘A few Nosferats lurk among the slums and muins of Rome:
for whatever reason, they seem less bothered by the aura of
Faith than most vampires. The head of the clan even
maintains Haven under St. Peter's Basilica. The city sa
favorite visiting place for Toreador, who gladly risk the
Inquisition in order to gaze upon the works of Michelangelo

‘The Society of Leopold maintains its headquarters beret
js rumored among Kindred that they have a secret library
‘somewhere in the city with atleast one copy of the Book of
Nodand the names, powers and weaknesses of many Kindred,
both individual and clan. In the last year the Nosferatu of
Rome have been approached by the Camarilla and asked to
ascertain the existence of this library: howevcr, to date they
have had no success.

Venice

‘This ancient merchant city is the headquarters of the
Giovanni Clan. In recent years they have erected a huge
_skyseruper of black glass and stct, their corporatc sancti.
Termed the Mausoleum (with uneasy chuckles) by other
Kindred, the structure dominates the Venctian skyline. Ouber
Kindred are not encouraged to visit the city; any foreigner in
Venice will quickly become aware of hostile stares and
shadowing from unscen followers; any attempt to gain
Proximity to the Mausoleum may well provoke more hostile
fesponscs,

‘Small bands of Nosferatu rosm among the sewers and
canals; they are always fearful of the Giovanni, who hate
them with a passion and have hunted down more than a few
‘of the spying vermin' who allegedly uncovered some secret

Europe a


‘or other ofthe clan. The Nosferatu rarcly show themselves,
especially to foreigners.

Sicily

‘The island of Sicily is ruled with an iron fist by Don
CCaravelli, a Brijah and supreme head of the Mafia, In the
Gothic-Punk world, the Mafia still dominates organized
crime on both sides ofthe Atlantic, The Followers of Ses, the
Gtovannl and the Sabbat have all made attempts to dethrove
the Mafia, bat so far with litle success. Caravelli rules his
lunderworldempire tightly: al attempts by younger vam
to ‘rub him out' have resulted in painful death for the woul
be assassin, Recently rumors have surfaced regarding the
Don's own connections to the Sabbat. Nothing has come of
theserumors, however, asall who spread them cither heed the
warnings of giant Brujah visitors to shut up or just disappear.
Sicily is also home toa large population of Lupines, who
feed on sheep and goats, terrorize the populace, and make
things difficult for the Mafia. The Don has feuded for
‘centuries with the Lupine, with a high carnage rate and lite
progress on either side. Lately, Carnvelli has been consid-
<xing the impossible: what ifthe Lupines could be inducted
into the Mafig? With them as allies, anything could be
accomplished — even the overthrow of the Camarilla

Eastern Europe

Even the mortals know thatthe dark and sullen East is the
true home of our kind. The Kindred of the Balkans are old.
‘old —daity they give up the struggle, sink into the earth ofa
world which has passed them by.

ong considered the classic home of Vampirss, the Kin
dred of Easter Europe are hokiovers from another, darker
time, when the black pines clung to the frowning
‘mountainsides and the villager prayed wo his household gods
in the dark. The Vampires of the lands well remember the
days before the coming ofthe Churchand the Crusades, when
Kindred were fow and far between and walked among their
flocks like gods. ‘The Elders ofthis region prefer to keep to
themselves for the most part, and take very litte interest in
either Kindred or kine society — they remember the days
before the Camarilla, when each Vampire was a law unto
himself. As most of these Elders are extremely powerful
even more so than most European Elect heir wish for
isolation is generally granted. Many of these Kindred have,
in fact, voluntarily relinguished their hold on the mortal
‘woeld, retreating into the oblivious peace of Torpor. This has
caused serious political repercuscions among the kine, par
ticularly in Yugoslavia,

fa Kindred finds himself in the Domain of a Balkan Elder,
the will generally be treated with somber and distantcourtesy
provided he Presents himself. Femaic Kindred will be
Jooked upon with the faintest of curiosity, and questioned as
to the presence of their Sire — Balkan Elders oftea not
‘understanding that female Kindred may in fact travel inde

52 World of Darkness


pendently inthis day and age, and not as part of he retinue
‘of some male Elder,

‘The exception is the Tremere. The Eiders of Baste
‘Barope remember well the treachery ofthe first Tremere and
will eact with contempt, anger or outright hostility to any
‘Tremere that they find in their Domains. Indeed, Tremere
‘himself formed his clan in Transylvania, and (unbeknownst
10 most other Vampires) those of hie Clan who seek ta
‘commune with him still make apilgrimageto the Carpathians.
eis ofthe Third Generation (through Diabletie)..

Transylvania is also the main meeting ground for the
econ, who gaibes in an ancicat cavern complex carved
under one of the ancient castles that dot the landscape.
Although they are aware that the Tremere are active in the
area, the main concem of the Inconma at present is to the east.
‘Something has happened inthe Soviet Union, something big,
‘eat ritual magics nearly completely block off Auspex, and
allageots thatthe Inconnu have sent into Russia have failed
‘orem

Packs of Gangrel run wild in the forests, although compe-
tition withthe Lupines has forced many oftheir number into
the cites and villages. Scattered Malkavians of all power
levels wander the countryside; an encounter with one of these
individuais can be pleasant or horntying, most likely the
later. The bands of wandering Gypsies inthe area allow for
‘contact with the Ravynas, who have gained a reputation
throughout Europe (and justabouteverywhere else) ascheats
and thieves.

—

Greece

Here, my Childe, is where many of our eldest traditions
were enacted. ‘The glory that was Greece... — How true
Poe wrote! We must be truly careful here, my dear — the
curse of the Malkavians has seemingly afflicted mast of the
Grecian Kindred,

Greek Vampires maintain the ancient Hellenic tradition of
thecity-state, and Princes here, regardless of Clan, absolutely.
insist on all newcomers Presenting themselves — failure to
do so has been cause for a Blood Hunt on more than one
cocasion. Although many of the Kindred of Greece are
‘incredibly ancient (it was partially through the influence of
the first Brujah that Greek culture reached such a peak). the
asca itself docs not play a tremendously important rote in
Kindred politics.

For the most part, the Princes sit om their thrones and
painstakingly plan thoie potty feude with their neighbors just
as they might have done in life millennia ago. Many Elders,
weary of the long, slow decline, become lethargic and strange;
some acwally relive their ‘glory days' of the Sth century
B.C, while others tink into madaees and despair, Woe tothe
unfortunate traveller who becomes embroiled inthe schemes
of these mad Elders!

Although there isa large Brajah presence here, Greece is
not the horbed of Anarch activity one might think. The

Brujah of Greece are heavily steeped inthe old traditions of
the clan; they are intellectuals and philosophers, much more
likely to meticulously argue the merits of democracy than
toactually implementone. Indeed, many ofthe Greek Brajah
areas shocked and disgusted by the sctivites oftheir Ameri=
‘can clan-cousins (churlish whelps!) as any Ventrue.

‘The tue Anarchs of Greece (known as Thetes, or beggars)
are small guerilla bands living oa the outskirts ofthe cities,
and are ceaselessly hunted by the Princes' minions; they
consist of scattered Gangre] and much of Greece's large
‘Nosferatu population (Nosferatu, or Kallikantzarias they are
called in Greece, am despiced| by the Elders, de in large part
to the Elders' ancient ides of purity of body reflecting purity
‘of mind). Greece's Nosferatu are much more violent than
they are in most parts of the world; they hve been known to
dig ambushes and openly waylay ravellerson the hack roads
at night, and the villagers of Greece have long feared the
Kalliantaar.

LLapines are not common in Greece; the necessity of the
‘Thetes to walk the countryside unmolested has led to a series
of brutal skirmishes with the Lupines throughoutthe 19thand
20th centuries, and in Greece the Lupines lost. Facries are
still found in many Grecian wildernesses (sityrs, nymphs and
macnads, to name 8 few) and are not kind to the unwary
‘human or Vampire who they catch in their domain.

USSR (now UCS)

‘My Childe, we may well have to stay out ofthis country —
such a disintegrated mass can in truth be termed «@ nation.
Accuriain has fallen over Russia far darker than the Iron one
‘dat Charchitl spoke of. Inall honesty. no-one really knows
what is going on over there. If anything, the Kindred are
‘more inthe dark than the Kine, perhaps—allmy sources have
been able 10 ascertain is that the Brujak Council who
conirolted the Soviet Union has not been heard from since
‘August of last year, and that many of Europe' s Venurue ard
Toreador, suddenly summoned to Moscow at about the time
of the coup, have vanished without a trace also. Probably
sume hind of Anurch plo — it would serve ihe Brujah
‘bastards right 10 be taken down inthe same bloody way they
came up —but then why would those of my own clan have
‘one over here as fio help the Brujah? Noone really knows
eho ifanyone, rans he mew Russi, dull wpe tae things
are very dangerous or Vampires in those benighied lands,

Iwas so perfect. Orso the Brujah thought. The October
Revolution had given them the socond largest country inthe
world to test their theories, The Ventrue, the Toreador, allof
them would see that a truly egalitarian nation of projetariat
rulecould work for Kindred and kine alike. Oh, yes, there had
‘been some problems — the damned Venirue had neatly
ruined the economy over the years out of spit, there were
‘complaints among the kine about shortages ani the like —
short-sighted foolst — and the Soviet Brujah had even heard

Europe 53


snickers at Counc
rigid and tyrannical as any Ventrue,

‘ots, all of them! In matters of utopia, one must learn to
take the long view. And had not the Masquerade been more
perfectly preserved here than anywhere else? Atfcism was
the state philosophy —no one inthe whole country belicved
insuch foolishness as Vampires anymore, Even the Veatrue
‘had adimitied the "religion is the opiate ofthe masses" party
line was beiliant,

But not al ofthe old myths and stories had died out with
theriscof the Brujah Communists. In secret rooms Russians

knelt inCharitian prayer. The stories ofthe Bogatyrs the
great Russian heroes, were told onthe collective farms. And
in the dachas, in the dark of night, young children stil
trembled when their grandmothers recounted the grisly leg.
ends of Baba Yaga. Baha Yaga, mightiest of the Russian
sorceresses. Baba Yage dealer with demons. Baba Yaga, the
opre-hag whose face was nightmare, whose claws and fangs
were made of iron, who gobbled up chikdren and men alike
foolish enough to walk the forests alone at night

Stil, o one in this rational age could believe such drivel,
Thelegends ofthe Russian witch were consigned to historical
curiosities, quaint folktales of Russia's Czarist past,

In 1990, Babs Yaga awoke from Torpor,

Where were the villages of woodandsod? Where were the
forests that stretched to the end of the world? What had these
‘Chuilder done to her Rodina — she feltthe earth of Chernobyl

screaming — and where was the fear? Vodka-besotedsheep
‘working in their factories like ants, half in Torpor themselves

this was Mother Russia? This was her Herd? Well, Mother
Russia was back, and let the world tremble!

Stil, one must be cautious at first. She built slowly, a
Puppet here, a puppet there. The world watched as former
exile Boris Yeltsin rose back into power. ‘The Brujah were
stunned — they hadn't planned all these sudden reforms
What was Gorbachev doing?

In August 1991, Baba Yaga made her move on Moscow
‘The Bnujah, Ventrue and Toreador of Europe united to stop
her, risking all on a sudden use of force under the guise of a
hard-line coup. Their effort lasted eight days as Baba Yaga
hunted the Bnijah down one by one. Shed nearly forgo
how savory Kindred flesh was.

What to do, what to do? She supposed that she wight as
‘well maintain this silly little Masquerade abit longer — until
she got bored with it, anyway. As for the goverament —
although the old Czars had their majesty, she rememberedall
to0 well the Dogatyrs, Knights of Russia, the sharpenclanied
steel biting into her iron-hard flesh. No, she would keep all
the states separated, confused — the perfect Herd, unable to
actcoherently. As for the imminent economic troubles, wel
it sorved the stupid kine right. Lcta few siatve W musket
rest stronger, She had always liked lean meat anyway, But
first and foremost, she had to lift this ridiculous ban on
religion, Let the kine worship their Crucifled God — in the

54 World of Darkness


‘coming dark times, a few would mm to equally dark beets,
‘would delve into Thaumaturgy. She would walk among.
them —she would find the most promising —and.she would
‘create « Brood. ‘Those Tremere upstars think they know
‘magic, ch? She would show then —Old Russia would show
the world, yes? Watch and wait...

Turkey

Turkey has much more in common with the mysterious
East than with Europe. The Assamites who live there are as
‘maa un enigma to me as the Luptnes. Sl, they must want
something in Europe ~ Turkey hasn't stayed in NATO by
cccident,

‘Turkey is infamous among: Vampires asthe headquarters
of the Assamits Clan, which maintains s socret Haven

somewhere in the mountains. The Assamites ake very litle
interest in Turkey's mortal government. There are very few
‘other Vampires hore, save for a small faction of Setites which
‘would like to loosen up the nation's strong anti-drug laws.
Lupines and facries, though rare, roam the hills,

Istanbul

‘Obviously, the Assamites maintain a strong presence in
Istanbul, Theancientcity is widely known among Vampires
as.aplace to come and arranges ‘hit', The ancient Byzantine
architecture draws a few Toreador, bat for the most part
‘Western Kindred leave the city well alone. A few Kindred
from various clans have entered the city in atuempts to spy on
the Assamites; such Kindred have, without exception, van-
ished.

Characters

Brunhilde

Clan: Gangret -

Nature: Competitor

‘Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 150 BC (bom 173 BC)

Apparent Age: late 20

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

‘Talents: Aleriness 3, Athletics , Braw17, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 5

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Drive 5, Firearms 2, Melee 6,
Riding 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 2, Poli-
ties 1

Disciplines: Animalism4, Celerity3, Fortitude, Poicuce
2, Protean 5

Background: Fame 1, Retainers 5

‘Vietwes: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage S

Humanity: 3

Willpower: 9

Blood Pool: Max per Tum: 30/6

Image: A tall, slender Nordic woman of athletic, wiry
‘buikt with red hair, pale skin and ice-blue eyes. Coldly
‘beautiful ina feral way. Generally dresses in leather, spikes,
chains and other staples of metal/pank fashion. Sho hae
sacquired some animal characteristics over the centuries, as

‘many ancient Gangrel do. Rides a Harley-Davidson with the
‘word "Sleipnir" crudely painted in red on the side.

Roleplaying Hints: You ride like an avenging angstover
the kine, feasting on the dying. The stinging caress of the
slacier air, the roar of the storm through the icy pines, the
‘buming salt ofthe bravest warriors' blood — your world is,
8a Bard would later write, one of sound and fury. You live
for the untamed spaces and the hot lust of war, And now, in
thisage of iron and glacs, the savage realm you once roamed
hhas been tamed into an ob-so-polite cog in the coloriess
‘economic wheel, tumed willy-nilly by the gluttonous, cow-
ardly swine who call themselves Ventruc. You will wrest
Your land from them ance more, feel their soft sinews shred
‘beneath your talons and ride the lightningonce more,

Don Caravelli
Sire: Antonius Carscus
‘Clan: Beujah
Nature: Plouer
Demeanor: Bravo
Generation: 6th
Embrace: AD 1557 (bom 1512)
Apparent Age: Mid-40s
Physical; Surength 7, Dexterity 5, Stamina 7
Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mentut; Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 7

‘Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Braw! 7, Intimidation 7,
Streetwise 7, Subterfuge 6

Skills: Driving $ (ports cars), Firearms 5, Melee 7
(stakes), Security 4, Stealth 5

Europe 55


Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Finance 5,
‘Organized Crime 7, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 6, Dominate 5, Fortitude
6, Obfuscate 4, Potence 7, Presence 7, Protean 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 5, Influence 5,
Resources 5; Retainers 5, Status 5

‘Vietwes: Conscience 0, Self-Control 3, Courage 6

Humanity: 1

Willpower: 10

Blood PooVMax per Turn: 30/6

‘Image: A huge man (6 foot 4, 250 pounds) with a deep tan
snd broad shoulders barely contained ina black business suit.
‘You are fastidiously clean and always wear a flower of some
kind in your vest pocket — next to your automatic.

Roleplaying Hints: Polite and chummy to your friends,
chillingly ruthless wo your enemies. Even when you are
friends with someone, you are always watching them, and at
the slightest hint of betrayal you will destroy them. You
‘enjoy being physically imposing and taking other people's
personal space, You value order and discipline, but minor
Conilicts among your people don'treally bother you (you like
«2 od fight anywat

Guillaume
Sire: Hannibal
Clam: Bruja
Nature: Architect
Demennor: Autocrat
Generation: Sih
Embrace: AD S15
‘Apparent Age: carly 40s
Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 8, Stamina 8
Mental: Perception 7, Intellignece 6, Wits
Social; Charisma 8, Manipulation 5, Appearance 6
"Talents: Athletics 7, Brawl 7, Leadership 8, Meditation
Skills; Animal Ken 3, Archery 8, Melee 8

Knowledges: Computer 1, Finance 3, Linguistics 5,
‘Oveult 4, Politics 6

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4,Celerity 7, Fortine
8, Potence 8, Presence 8

Background: Status 8, Resources 5. Contacts 5. Influence
5

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 9 (and in Golconda)

‘Willpower: 10

Blood Pool/Mux per Turn: 40/8

Image: A tall, broad, muscular man, with neatly trimmed
brown hair (greying at whe temples) and musuche. Wears

perfectly tailored black business suits and gold-rimmed
lasses, Often caries auache case,

Roleplaying Hints: The rage and turmoil of your past has
beenreplaced by aslightly weary, pragmatic calm. Golconda
for you was more resignation at your own ultimate mean-
‘nglessness than any grand enlightenmeai.. Nonetheless, in
accepting your weakness, you have conquered it and forged
anew steel within your soul. You are genuinely concomed
about the welfare of your nation and more thananything wish
{o stay well out of the mud-puddle of Kindred politics: you
hhave the strength to back it up and will use it if necessary.
‘You are brusque, sober and somewhat grim - while you are
1 genuinely good person, you are no simpering idealist and
hhave little patience for fools or foolishness. Guests are
‘welcome in your Domain provided they behave themselvss,
‘but you have hetter things to do than arbitrate a bunch of lly
[power games. Anyone misbehaving among your people will
‘be thrown outon their ear — pointed, furred o otherwise.

Louhi
Sire: Lerterimas
(Clan: Malkavian
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Plotter
Generations Sth
Embrace: 200 BC (born 292 BC)
‘Apparent Age: 908
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 7, Appearance t
Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 8, Wits 7
Talents: Alertness 7, Leadership 6, Subterfuge 6
Skille: Rtiquette 1, Melee 4

Knowledges: Alchemy 8, Lingustics 4, Occult 8, Spirit
Lore 8

Disciptines: Animalism 6, Auspex 8, Dominate 7,
Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 6, Protean S, Thaumaturgy 8

Background: Retainers S, Fame 1

‘Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 4, Courage 1

‘Humanity: 0

Willpower: 9

Blood Pool/Max per Turn: 40/8

Image: Am ugly old crone constantly reeking from
various fou! alchemical experiments, and always carry-
{ng a gnarled black staff with various rituals on it). Her
eyes are sunken and truly unnerving.

Roleplaying Hints: You are more than alittle crazy, but
you see just about everything. Cackle to yourself 2 lot,
land make vague prophesies that have the eerie habit of
always coming true, Speak in horrific metaphors and

56 World of Darkness


‘ominous, vague terms, and say nothingstraight out. They
all want to know, don't they, but only you see the reality.

Francois Villon

Sire: Helena

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: Sth

Embrace: AD 1230 (bom 1197)

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: ‘Strength 4, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 8, Manipulation 8, Appearance 7

‘Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 7

‘Talents: Brawl 6, Intimidation 4, Singing 7, Streetwise 7,
‘Subverfuge 8

Skills: Etiquette 7, Melee 6, Music 8, Stealth 5

Knowledges: Art History7, French History6, Linguistics
6 (aot that you would deign to speak a lesser tongue than the
‘one you helped create!), Occult 3

Disciplines: Auspex 7, Celerty 6, Chimerstry 3, Fortitude
3, Obfuscate 3, Presence 7

Backgrounds: Status, Retainers 5, Herd4, Resources 5,
Contacts 5, Allies 5, Influence 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Humanity: 6

Willpower: 8

Blood Poo/Max per Turn: 40/8

Image: A dashing, well-tanned Caucasian in his late 305.
Raven-black hair, brown eyes, always wearing immaculate
suits and flamboyant neckties (from his jongicur heritage).
‘Smokes with a cigaretie holder.

Roleplaying Hints: Generally maintainthe prope" Front
‘necessary for your position, but you were a rabble-rouser in
‘your mortal days and can look the other way concerning
‘Anarch behavior as long as it is fairly amusing and not too
blatant A great penponent of French superiority, your
ballads helped define the French tongue and you will never
speak another language, though you understand several. You
arepplcasantand casy to gctalong with, and great funatpartics
(ecrasionally you can be peseauded to get out x stringed
instrument and play), unless you perceive somone asa threat
to you — then you will crush her like a bug. You have
‘unpleasant memories of your exile from your beloved Paris
nd will not let anyone ever pat themselves in a psition of
dominance over you again).

Baba Yaga

Sire: Absimiliand

Clan: Nosferatu

Nature: Plotter

Demeanor: Bravo

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 5000 BC

Apparent Age: at least 200

Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 6, Stamina 9

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 7, Intelligence 9, Wits 7

Talents: Alertness, Braw17, lntimidation', Subterfege
5

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 6, Pilot 7 (mortar &
pestle), Stealth 4, Survival 6

Knowledges: Alchemy 8, Arca Knowledge (Russia) 9,
Investigation 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 9

Disciplines: Animalism 7, Auspex 7, Celerity 3, Domi-
we §, Fortude 8, Obtuscate 7, Poteace 7, Presence 8,
‘Thaumaturgy 9

Background: Status7, Fame 3 (legends), Retainers 3 (cat,
‘mouse and something else), Resources 4

‘Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

‘Humanity: 0

Willpower: 10

Merits: Eat Food, Mansion (chicken hut), Occult Library

Flaws: Monstrous, Cannot harm a totally virtuous person
(Conscience 5, Humanity 10, and cither True Faith $+ or
Golconda)

Derangements: Delusions (2) of grandeur

Blood PooUMax per turn: 0/10

mage: the moet hidenos hag imaginable — 8 feet tall:
four-inch iron claws: sharilike iron fangs; stringy hair;
gnarled, boil-covered grey flesh; cataract-laced eyes; foot-
Jong (slight cxageration) warty nove

Roleplaying Notes. You are dic inoat powerful voceress
‘on Earth and the absolute ruler of the Motherland. Men, und
other Kindred, are catle to assuage your ravenous hunger,
‘And you are s0 hungry ....You are generally coarse and
vuiclety, but you hide a cable cunning within, aod exjoy
playing with your prey like a cat with a mouse, You respect
politeness, and if a lesser being can stand to gaze upon the
abomination that is your face and humbly refer to you as
"Liatle Grandmother," you might spac rein ... aid Uc
again you might not.

Europe 57



Europe: Hunedoara Castle

Written by Andrew Greenberg, Art by Josh Timbrook

For time has imprisoned us
in the order of our years,

in the discipline of our ways

‘and in the passing of momentary stillness
we can view our chaos in motion

‘and the subsequent collision of fools
well versed in the subtle art of slavery,

Dead Can Dance. in the Kingdom of the Blind

"The One-cyed are Kings

Hidden high in the lonely Caspatii Meridionali mountains
‘of Eastemn Romania sits a dark medieval caste, forbidding
nd desolate in its fading grandeur. No villages lie near its
‘Sinister peak, and those few travelers forced to journey past
its shadowed walls hurry by with eyes averted,

Strangely, these rare visivors seldom spread tales of this
‘ominous site when they reach their destination. The odd
figuresou the battlements, srange sounds from the towerand,
lack of life all around it never draw comment, andthe castle
‘remains concealed from the worldat large, tucked away in its
rcky abode,

‘Nomention ofa caste at tis site appears in annals of the
past and, despite the intensifying interest in foudal times,
such references are unlikely to ever appear, no matter how
slorious its history. Once a jewel in the defenses of
(Canstendom against encroaching Turks, the castle now sits
removed, abandoned by those mortals who once benefited
from its protection,

But to say this sinister castle no longer houses penpledaes
ot mean it lies empty. Indeed, i still serves as a stronghold
foc those who consider themselves battling the forces of evil,
only this time the combatants war for eternal life not oa
heaven but on earth,

History

Originally constructed hundreds of years ago to protect
shipments fromnearby gold mines, Hunedoara Castle became
known as an impenetrable rock against which the armies of
the Sultan smashed themselves. again and again. It even

survived the great Mongol invasion of Hungary which so
dovastated the rest of the kingdom in the 13th century

For the next 200 years it served as bulwatk against the
invading Turks, and stood against numerous attempis to take
it, Tt-was after the failure of one of these Turkish assaults in
the mid-15th century that the castle's guardians opened iis
gates 10 a force of mounted knights. However, instead of
being the expected relief column, the heavily armored tops
‘umed outto beunder the command of Wallachian nobleon
the side of the Ottoman Empire. ‘The traitor and his woops
quickly overwhicimed the castle's defenders, slaying. all
within its walls,

This renegade count, the Viad of casile Cigless, turned
‘Hunedoara aver to the Turks, who then pressed onto attack
Belgrade. Only the greatest heroic ofthe defendersept the
city from falling, but Hungary's mightiest warriors died in
the epic battle, The Turks retreated back to their holdings
‘and were unable to penetrate the Hungarian defenses uacil
1526.when the kingdom finally fll.

In the intervening years, several Christian forces tried 10
bring the Vlad o justice, but none succeeded. Indeed. it was
‘not until the Viad nailed a Turkish ambassador's head to a
drawbridge that his former allies ended his cruel reign, ond
he disappeared from history.

‘The Turks abandoned Hunedoara Castle following the
siege of Belgrade, but before the Hungarians could retake the
forness, a small cabal entered the ancient structure, Under
the light ofa full moon its members gathered in the castle's
‘courtyard, linked hands and chanted to the stars. After six
hours of chanting, dancing and sacrifice, the might that had

Europe: Hunedora Castle 59


been Hunedoars castle disappeared fain Uke reconds of
‘bumanity

‘There had been a second Hunedoara castle already, but its
history had no hope of approaching that of the original.
However, the ritual of the 12 caused all memories of the old
site to be transferred to the new one north of the criginal
sucture, Recollections of great battles and remembrances
fof grand toumaments attached themselves to the nower
Datiding, until even those Irving in the second Hunedoara
castle believed it to be the same one,

Since that night, no mortals have willingly entered the old
‘ste, Indeed, no mortal could willingly enter the castle. for
‘oneeffect ofthe ritual is tocause all who pass within eyesight
of i feel great fear, growing as they got closer to the
sinictare and only fading when they leave it behind. The
farther they get from it, the more faint their memories of it
70, until finally they remember it no more, Now the only
beings to willingly enter the stronghold are members of the
Jnconnu, mysterious Vampires of legendary might,

Dark Nights, Dark Magic

During the same period the Kingdom of Hungary fought
its epic struggles with the woman Empire, events of even
‘prealer magnitude were taking piace among the ranks ofthe
Undead. Younger Kindred, frustrated by the intense stratifi-

cation of Vampire sociexy, engaged in the first rumblings of
‘what would become known as the Sabbat, and Elder Princes

were beginning to fea for their very immoral existences

Atte same time, a bloodline of Vampire thaumaturgiss
had appeared, and none knew whether they had gained their
immorality through the Embrace or horrid magics. The
Toxconnu had watched the growth of both movements with
growing trepidation, until the Tremere made the move which
‘consolidated them as a Clan,

In an act as bold as it was horrifying, the leader of the
‘Tremere sought out the Third-Generation Antedelavian
Saulot. the firstCainite.0 each the exalted siateof Golconda
‘Then the Tremere sank his fangs into the revered Elder, and
thus Saulot ceased to exist.

Diablerie is an act best committed in secret, with none to
Jnow and nono to seck vengeance, The Tremere leads did
hs best to conceal his heresy, but there was no hiding such an
act from the Inconna.

Composed of some of the mightiest Kindred in existence,
rmembezs of the Inconnu had long looked to Saulot as their
hope and salvation. Saulot had been the first to show they
Could be free ofthe Beast which so plagued everything they
id. Saulot, thoughnevera member of the Inconnu, had been
a friend to many of them and an inspiration to all. Across the
‘world, ancient members of the Inconnu woke from their deep
sleeps with the greatest feelings of dread, knowing for sure
‘what had happened to the one who had shown them the light

None ofthe Inconnu could doubt that the appearance ofthe
‘Tremere was a danger second only to Gehenna itself. Fear
‘Swept the world of the Undead, forthe older the Cainite, the
ssurer they were that the death of Saulot, combined with the
‘Violence of the younger Kindred, could mean nothing batthe
end,

For the first time in millenia, a meeting of the entire
Inconna wat called. After long nights of debate, the loosely
organized sect agreed it would have to increase its internal
ties if t was to survive. Its members agreed the sect needed
8 place of power to use as a base from which it could
coordinate its numerous limbs. They also decided the site
should place them in a position to move rapidly against the
‘Tremere should events warrant such action,

‘Twelve ofthe mightiest members of this mighty sect, all
former students of Saulot, set forth for ure home of the
‘Tremere, seeking a fortress to make their own, Hunedoara
Castle beckoned to them like a new friend, waving them in
from the dark.

‘Aside from being a military stronghold, the original
Hunedoara Castle had also gained renown in certain circles
for its magical heritage. Originally built onthe site ofapagan
(oo-Christian) temple, the first noble family to inpabit the
{ortress were rumored to have been touched by the faerie
folk. Through the years the castle produced more than its
share of both powerful leaders and shunned freaks, locked
away while peasant superstitions ran rampant.

60 World of Darkness


[was to this citadel the 12 came, and it was here they cast
their enchanuments,

The Curse

‘The ritual they engaged in had been proposed by Cretan
ancient Ventrue and self-proclaimed sorcerer. While mast
of the 12 opposed the use ofa ritual requiring so many live
sacrifices, Crctmanayed ange, cajoleaned finally convince
‘he others ofits necessity. He pointed out the great benefits
of having such a powerful place from which wo spy on the
Tremere, and noted its strength of defense, The final argu-
seat whichconvested die odie: 11, however, washis assertion
thatthe only way to defeat the Tremere was with their own,
‘weapons. Ifthe Tremere used such rituals, then 30 should the
Toconnu, After all, they would only have to do it once.
The agreement made, Cret made an alliance withthe very
Vlad who had 50 treacherously seized the casile from its
Huxgariandefenders. Withcaptives supplied by the Viad, the
inner circle of the Inconnu made their preparations and cast
the mighty ritual, lis effectiveness has been without denial.

‘The only way to avoid both the horror and the forgetful-
ness caused by the ritual is to actually enter the castle, an
ahimost impossible task (assume just seeing the structure
requires the character make a Courage roll with a difficulty
‘of 4, while each turn the chafacter spends approaching it
increases the difficulty by 1, until eventually the character
‘mast make Courage rolls against a difficulty of 1Ocvery turn
Justo keep from running). Even such powers as Domination
and Presenicecannot force someone toavoid this fear, though
they may slightly lessen the chance of flight — or allow
Someone to watch where she runs, so as lo avoid falling off
the mountain,

‘Those who do make it into the castle are usually forced to,
On those rare occasions when a new meiber has been
inducted into the Inconnu, and comes tothe castle forthe first
time, he is usually bound tightly with ropes and chains, and
sometimes even staked. Even when staked, howover, the
newcomer feels the fear growing and growing in his breast
nil, after what seeme a horrifying, maddening ctemity, he
centers the castle.

‘The Castle

Entrance to the walled castle can only be gained along a
Jong, winding mountain path thin and treacherous, and often
witha deep chasm tots side. Once a well-travelled road, the
path has degencrated to the point whee anyone able w txave
the instilled fear would have to make Survival rolls 10
continne on, Additionally, the outer walls of the castle
‘grounds are in a state of gross disrepair, and almost all the
‘ter buildings hare collapsed, making the while ica seca
‘more deserted and malevolent.

At the end of the path, the tavelier finds 20-foot-high
stone walls, and must continue to the right to reach the main

sate, barred both by a portcullis and a great iron-shod door.
‘Thanks to locks both physical and magical, theportcallisand
oor can only be opened from within the castle. Enirance
‘over or through the walls can be equally difficult, even for
those who have the Disciplines o allow such passage.

‘When anyone attempts to enter the castle via any way but
‘he main gate, great winds begin to whip up around the
‘mountain, A low rumbling noise issues from the castle
grounds, increasing in intensity the more. successful the
intruder becomes. Clouds roll in at amazing speests, and
flashes of lighting cutacrossthesky. Bursis of flame sppear
around the intruder, appearing seemingly at random and
disappearing immediately.

Notonly doos this horrifying symphony of the occultsesve
4o deter potential trespassers, but the cacophony also alerts
the castle's defenders to the presence and location of the
threat, The attention of Fourth-Generation tnconnu and the
Ghoule who food on their bloods zomething few would want
watinict.

‘Most ofthe castle's non-Vampiric inhabitants — prima
rily maids —make theirresidences on the ground floor of the
‘main cladel. These servants, Ghouls all, tke care of what
maintenance the building requires and are its frst line of
defense, ‘Thanks to the ages they have spent drinking the
‘blood of the Inconny, these Blood Bound servants alone are
‘more than a match for most Neonates and many Ancillae

Europe: Hunedora Castle 61


Also in this main area are numerous animals — horses,
cows and sheep — for members ofthe Inconn to fed upon,
‘Autached to the castle isa powerful generator. kept supplied
with fuel from various local fields.

‘The upper floors of the castle provide guest rooms for
Visiting members of the sect as well as quarters for Cret (the
Iaconn's Monitor of the Tremere) and whichever of the
‘ther 11 who first came to Hunedoara is staying there, Cret
Volunteered to remain here to watch the Tremere after the
‘casting of the ritual, but duc to the magnitude of the job, the
fther 11 come to help out, rotating the duty among them
selves,

(One other Cainite remains here on a regular basis. The
Vlad who once captured Hunedoara Castle through treach-
ery, and later provided sacrifices for the ritual which so
_protectsthe fortress, eventually became allied with he leaders
of what would become the Sabbat. After his defeat at the
hhandsof the Turks,the Sabbat made him afull and permanent
member.

However, in 1848, ofter a harrowing escape from the
clutches ofthe Black Hand, the Viad returned tothe site ofhis
‘medieval triumph. Seeking out Cret, he offered his services
sothelnconmu, and Cret agreed. Since thenthe Vlad has served
Cretwellinall his endeavors. He maintains his own quariers
(of the second floor ofthe castle, and on those rare occasions
(Cret leaves the castle, commands it and its servants,

‘The higher floors of the castle conuain primarily living
quarters (mostly windowless), libraries, art studios and simi-
lar rooms. At the very tops a well-equinned occult work-
oom, and itis from here Cret keeps an eye on the Tremere.

However, recently his attention has been diverted from his
mission and forcediw investigate possibility which tums his
cold blood icy. The Vampires of the Sovict Union have
disappeared, und Cret fears he knows why, Thus he tums his
serying eastward, and searches for a horror he catches him-
self praying he will not find.

The Underkeep

"The dread Underkeep of Hunedoara Castle is the main
snceting place forthe lnconns and the cea of is power aid
influence, Twice since the Inconnu seized control of the
castle the entire sect has met within its walls, filling the
building with the greatest concentration of Vampiric power
since Carthage.

Eniecing the Underkeep requires passing through one of
‘wo heavily protected guard rooms on the frst floor. This
‘protection, not obviousat first glance, becomes evident when
anyone not cleared by Cret seps on the first stair down. The
stairs immediately heat up, becoming white-hot. After ive
‘seconds, the stairs become insubstantial but, as soon as the
intruder's feet pass through, turn solid again, immediately

62 World of Darkness


‘melting anything thus caught. This process continues until
the intruder removes himself from the stairway or is de-
stroyed,

‘Attempts to pass below the ground level by any other
means (digging, Earth Meld or mist, for example), causes the
siraround the intruder to heat up in the same way, causing 10
dice damage for two continuous tums, stopping for one, and
thea starting again. In this way the tnconmu give invaders a
chance wo leave before meeting Final Death.

Inany case, the spiral staircases in the guard rooms lead to
the Underkeep. The main meeting room itself is cordonedoff
from tho stairways by immense ctisson custaius sueiching
from one end of the room to the other. Members of the
Inconna generally use the areas concealed by the curtains to
discuss matters in private, as the curtains have been en-
chanted to provent noises from disturbing thase engaged in
the actual meeting,

Lining the walls of these two areas are exquisite portraits
of members of the Inconnu who have met the Final Death
‘There are not many of these portraits, bu there are enough to
keep members of the sect from taking their immortality for
granted.

‘The only light in these areas comes from candles burning
constantly below the portraits, keeping the room dark and
sending cerie shadows scurrying across the ceiling,

a |

Members of the Tnconnu reach the meeting room by
‘passing through gaps in the curtains. For the first meeting,
‘several members ofthe Inconna placed a large, oval marble
table in the center of the room. While the table is nowhere
‘neat large enough to seatall the sect members, the 12central
‘members always sit there while others stand around the
‘ayemous room,

While thore have only been two occasions whca tre eatire
nconnw has filled this meeting room, members of the sect
‘have met here at other times when large numbers needed 10
‘rather inaplace of safety and secrecy, Thusitseesuse atleast
‘once a year at Elders gather to discuss their concemns of the
‘world and what role they should take in it, For the past 40
years, the split between those who advocate their role as
‘monitors and those who believe they should intervene more
fn the world has boen felt moet etrongly i this room, and the
‘debates have lasted many nights,

To the west of the meeting room is the Room of the Self
—a fiery prison where Kindred submit to the vilest torments
inorder to further thoir quest for Golconda. Theroom is illed
‘with flaming pits, scattered so there is no part ofthe room a
frenzying Vampire can flee 1. One wall is completely
‘mirrored, making it almost impossible for the Kindred to
avoid facing Uemelves. Here Vamplres must face the.
‘deepest fears, horrors and agonies — all 1o help them reach
this highest point.

ep ates mac Copy 10R2 y Bran J ane

Europe: Hunedora Castle 6


‘Thisroom, while itcnuld be of great heneftto all Kindeed,
is only open to those members ofthe Inconnu on the path to
Golconda. Atleast one actually reached that exalted state
through these sessions, but two others met the Final Death
bere, bummed to nothingness by the cleansing fires of this
00m.

Beforeeniring the Room of the Self, Cainites spend night
after night in the meditation rooms to each side. Dark but
beautiful, with velvet cushioning lining the floors and gor
‘geous tapestries hanging all about, many of the Inconmu have
‘peat weeks or even months here, preparing themselves for
the nex stp on the way to Golconda.

To the cast of the meeting room ts the "Temple of Sauiot,
thought by most members ofthe Inconnu tobe a shrine to the
first Kindred to reach Golconda. The Temple of Saulot itself
i beautiful room filled with gold and jewels, all aranged
io honor the ancient Vampire. The lighting, luke most of that
inthecaste, is electric, buthere itis subdued and unobtrusive

‘The altar, covered with a red velvet cloth and supporting
crystal goblets, jewelled figurines and freshly cut roses sits
infrontofa statue of Saulot layered with gold leaf. Life-size,
the statue shows a robed Saulot standing, arms at his sides
‘with the palms facing out and the faintest of smiles on his

‘Only the 12 central members of the Inconns know this
s7eat statwe actually hides the passage to a site of Satanic
‘worship, where they sacrifice victims 10 continue feeding
their dread spells,

Damned For All Time

‘When Cret proposed the ritual which would drive the old
Hunedoara caitlc from the world's memory, he told his
‘brethren they would not have to sacrifice victims more than
‘once. Mucho the distress of the other 11, that has not proven
true,

‘Cret was not the sole creator of the ritual which has
protected Hunedoara castle for so long. He had a great deal
‘of help from Bahomet, a demon from the pits of Hell. The
‘original ritual required thedemon' said, buttheother Vampires
felt sure its assistance would be needed only once — during
the casting

However, when the protection the ritual offered began
fading after one year, Bahomet reappeared. Without further
sacrifices of blood, be told the 12, the ritual would wear off,
If they boped to maintain their safety, they would have to
‘make more sacrifices to him.

64 World of Darkness


Atfirstthey complied out of fear ofthe Tremere, butasthe
Years past, and the Tremere took lite tono action against the
‘nconnu, this fear lessened. Despite this, they stil maintain
the blood sscrifices.

‘Some of the 12 have tried to stop the practice, but the
‘others always manage to convince them 10 continue. The
arguments utilized to keep the cabal whole have been many
and varied. including fear af beeaking the Masquerade if
humans suddenly discovered a casi no one remembered,
theuseof maintaining such a headquarters, a fear of what the
‘Tremere would do if they discovered how they had been
spied upon. and even a fear of what the other Inconnu might
say of do when they discovered what had gone on in their
sanctum,

‘Thus the sacrifices have continued for years, decades and
centuries, None of the 12 have managed to break free from
their role in this horror and, as the years pass, their willing
ress 10 make such a break fades. Now most scemed resigoed
to themurders, and these ancient seekers can feel nothing bat
bitterness when they watch younger Kindred climb stoically
‘long the path to Golconda, while they can proceed no mote.

‘The sacrifice room itself is dare and gloomy, dominated
by pentagram and an idol of Bahomet. Blood stains liter
the floor, and body parts left over from recent sacrifices
‘occasionally fill the room. ‘The cells around the shrine are
filthy, and have never been cleaned as the 12 fear leaing
anyone cls into this area but refuse to care fort themselves.

Europe: Hunedora Castle 6S



Jordan —
Che Cizy of Petra

Written by Steve Crow, Art by Jon Skoglund

There is scarcely a single man sufficiently aware to know all the evil he does:
— Duc de fa Rochefoucauld, Reflexions on Sentences et Maximes Morales

Introduction

(One of the most prominent themes in Vampire is that of
Evil versus Evil. Characters constantly have 1 deal with the
choice of embracing a lesser evil to combat a greater one,
However, its not only Kindred society which exists in such
astute, There are regions of the world that operate in much,
the same manner, nolably the country of Jordan,

Abeingof great power, anentity whoseexistence stretches
back over 1800 years, rules over this land, He has schomed
and plotted against those that would stand against him; if any
fave opposed him, they have not lived Jong to tell of it, and
‘many dic unaware that they even opposed this being.

‘Yer this came being has brought peace and prosperity to
his people. Jordan has flourished under his influence, Many
of those who have died were those who acted, or would have.
acted, against the country's security. Thus does one evil act
sonepate a greater one. The question ie: who decidee which
evil isthe lesser, and which the greater?

‘TheHashemite Kingdom of Jordan, or Jordan, isan oddity
inthe Middle East, Its ruler, Hussein ibn Talal ibn Abdullah
iba Hussein Al Hashimi, ts the monarch of a parally

democratic country. He strongly supports the Westem coun-
tries ina region traditionally anti-Western

‘As with much of the Gothic-Punk worl, not all is what it
appears, Hussein is a monarch, true, but he answers to a
greater power — one that values the sanctity and security of
the country it has made home,

Jordan —

The Known History

The area of the Jordan Valley was one of the fabled
‘cradles' of civilization. As early as the eighth milleanism
BC, a Neolithic culture came into being here. From this
culture the Israelite tribes evolved. They were enslaved by
the Egyptians, but eventually established their indepen:
dence, only to be conquered by the warrior-king Saul inthe
late 11th century BC.

Under David, who ruled after Saul, and David's son
Solomon, Isrie's influence grow. With Solomon's death
Isracl fractured into two countries, Isract and Judah isdea)
‘sachin conflict withthe other. However, las] was cventually

Jordan 67


conquered by the Assyrians, and its countrymen exiled. The
‘Assyrians were conquered by whe Neo-Babylonian Empire,
who were conquered by the Persians, who were conquered by
the Achaemenid Empire, Alexander the Great's army later
‘conquered the Achuemenids.

‘cwas at this time tha several distinct groups influenced
the area. Ove group was the Nabatacans, a group of Arabs
who had wandered into Judah. "They built several major
cities, iocluding Peta, and were expert meulworkers and
architects, and one among their number, a soldier named
‘Talag, became a Vampire (sce Talaq, below).

Several groups cantrolled the Jordan Valley. However,
‘Roman legions eventually conquered the area, taming it into
province, The invaders, hoping to siem the tide of rebellion
in the area, chose to wipe out almost every trace of the
Nabatacan kingdom. ‘The Nabatscan capital, Petra, was
transformed into a provincial Roman capital, When Rome
‘evolved intothe Holy Roman Empire, the Byzantineemperors
ruled Jordan,

The Coming of Islam

Inthe sixth contury AD, the Prophet Muhammad and his
{otlowers brought mostof the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula
under their control and introduced the religion of Islam.
‘After Muhammad's death in AD 632, Arab caliphs moved
non and cast into the Jordan Valley and defeated the
Byzantine military.

‘Over the cemturies, Islamic contol of the region became
steadily stronger, When trade shifted from caravans to sea
‘anspor, Jondan becumea backwater because ofits andlocked.
condition. It served as a siop on the road to other, mon:
important places, and was often utilized as a campground for
‘Crusaders on their way to Jerusalem,

‘The Ottoman Turks gained controfof the realm inthe early
16th century, but paid litte attention to the Jordan Valley
area. As long as thei subjects paid their taxcs and provided
military levies, the Ottomans left the area alone,

Inthe late 1th century, the ArabNationalism and Zionism
‘movements began to gain power. Pro-Turkish nationalist
army officers foreed the nilerof Constantinople to restore the
‘Owomsn constitution. They deposed the Sultan, Hamid II,
and placed his brother, Mehmed V, in power. They then
‘socroed Mehmed into granting great slt-rule othe Ottoman
Empire's subjects.
ee

World War I

‘The Ouomans appointed Hussein Thn Ali Sharifof Mecca.
However, the Otomans were unaware that Husscin had been
replaced by the age-old Talag (sce The Shadow History,
below), Talag had his own agenda, and "Hussein" proved
‘more independent than either the Sultan orhis army backers
bad intended, Hussein's son Abdullah contacted the British,
asking for dicirsuppor. At that time, the British were allies

‘of the Ottoman Empire. When World War I broke ot
however, the Ottomans joined forces with Germany.

‘The British carried on several behind-the-scenes ma-
nipalations, including the support of pro-Zionism forces and
theestablishment ofa Palestinian state forthe disenfranchised
Zions, hoping Palestine's creation would give England a
strongpoint in the Middle East. When news of Britain's
support forthe Jews became known in the Arab community,
‘ere was an uproar. However, the Bnitish were able t0
reassure Hussein that they intended to keep their pledges to
him conceming Arab independence from the Ottomans.

Dating World War I, the British marched on Jerusalem,
"They were allied with Arab military forces commanded by
Faisal, another of Hussein's sons, and the combined armies
‘advanced southwand to force the Ottomans to surrender,

Afier World War 1, the Allied! Powers met in Paris 19
negotiate peace treaties. Britain ended up with mandatory
Power over the area knowns Palestine, They lent supporto
‘the Zionist organization, but Arab opposition prevenicd the
British from establishing the separate state many wanted.

‘The area wavered hack and forth, Faisal invaded Syria,
‘which had been tumed over to France for postwar conizol,
Atxlullah made a stab at conquering Syria. Ironically, the
Freoch forced Fail to teave Syria, but he was appointed
king of Iraq by the British. The English appointed Abdullah
ruler of a few area named Transjordan in returning for
‘abandoning Syria.

‘England began taking stepsto recognize Transjordan asan
indopendont state. For his part, Abdullah was a faithful ally
to the British. Arab Legion units served with distinction
alongside British forces to overthrow a pro-Nazi regime that
‘selzed power in iraq.
a

The Eternal Struggle

In 1948, Britain essentially yielded control over
‘Transjordan, However, it was unable to guaraniee the safety
of Jews in Palestine, England put the matter ofan independent
state before the United Nations. A Special Committee came
‘up with a complicated division plan, which the Zionist
General Council accepted, thus announcing the formation of
the country of Israel. The Arab League Council announced
their opposition.

‘The Arab League invaded the newly created Israel.
‘Abdullah secured portions of Palestine (now known as the
‘West Bank), Otherwise, the Israclis were successful in both
defending their newfound homeland and gaining strategic
lertitory slong its borders.

‘Word of Absullah's secret negotiations withthe Isratis
reached the Arabian Palestinian refugees, one of whom was
supposedly the assassin who killed Abdullah ie 1951, a
reality, tho assassin was an Assamite participating in a
‘complicate plan to being the renegade Talaq out into the
open,

68 World of Darkness


‘Re Daa Fi
@ Az Zauge

‘Amman

‘SAUDI ARABIA

JORDAN

© capital

© —— Population Center

A Elevation in Meters


After a shon period of disarray, Abdullah's grandson
‘Hussein ibn Talal took the throne, As king, Hussein had to
‘contend with Palestinians who wanted him wo invade Isract
and regain the territories lost during the first Arab-Israeli
‘War. After the second Arab-Israeli War (in 1956), the
Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) was created by
‘dissatisfied Palestinians and used Jordan as a staging point
fr its raids imo Israel. In respons, the Israclis retaliated
against residents along the Jordanian haeder.

‘This swept Jordan into the Six-Day War, the third Arab-
Israeli War. Isract defeated the combined forces of Egypt,
Jordan, and Syria, winning the West Bank back from Jordan
‘This failure led the PLO to try to overthrow Tlusscin and a
civil war between Jordanians and Palestinian refugees who
had come into the country. In September, 1970 ("Black
September'), loyal Jordanian Army units drove the PLO out
‘of Amman after several bloody battles.

Jordan's participation inthe fourth Arab-Israeli War(1973)
‘was minimal but enough to win them financial aid from its
pilktich Arab neighbors, Jordan latcr received support from
the U.S., which considered the country a buffer against
communism. Finally, Hussein was able to negotiate an "open
bidges™ policy with the Israeli West Bank, allowing many
Palestinians to resettle in Jordan.

Meanwhile, Hussein was trying to resolve the East/West
Bank situation. His effort failed when the PLO took his
place asthe official representative group of the Palestin-
fans at an Arab summit conference. Still, over the years,

Hussein has tried to strengthen his claim as caretaker of
the Weat Bank,

During the long war between Iran and Iraq, Jordan had
supported Iraq and its ener, Sackdam Hussein When the
‘war onded and Saddam med his eyes towards Kuwait,
Jordan supported him. However, fear of intemational
reprisals forced the country to limit its help, but criticism
of the United States' failure so help resolve the EasyWest
‘Bank erisis still caused the superpower to cut off eco-
‘omical support.

As the situation now stands, Jordan's economy is
spiralling slowly downward. Hussciat has furdies opened.
tupthe democratic process in the hopes of relieving internal
sirife, bt this has proven only marginally successful, and
the chance of a coup attempt remains strong.

Jordan -
The Shadow History

‘The te history of Jordan has its origins inthe ancient
histories of Egypt and Rome. The pharaohs of the 13th-
Zoundynasties wercoftenunder thecontrola! the Followers
cf Set. When King Saul, with the aid of other Clans,
\wresied contol of the Holy Lands from the Egyptians, the
Setites were furious. Unfortunately, Egypt was ina great

eal of turmoil as the odor Clans contertad with the Setites
{for contsol of the country. The Setites had enough trouble
‘maintaining their precarious grip on the rulers of their native
‘country 10 deal with recovering lost territories.

Disputes in the court ofthe Pharaoh ended withthe arcival
‘of amysterious individual knowa as Sethnakht, who became
Pharaoh in 1223 BC, ‘The Seiites failed 10 corrupt him, his
‘son Ramses ll, orany ofhis successors, The Setites fell from.
favor, and spentiany years eying w regain power. Nootter
Clan seemed to benefit from Sethnakh's rule, making his
‘origins a mystery to this day.

No one among the Kindred is quite sure who Sethnakhe
‘was. The Setites had many rivals, any of whom might have
‘guided Sethmakht to the throne. However, no other Clan has
ever admitted to being the power behind the mysterious
Pharaoh. Indeed, none seemed to benefit from Sethnakh's
‘ule. Some Setites believe he was a powerful Magus oreven
Caine in one of his many guises, acting for some mysterious
‘purpose of his own. In any case, after Ramses III took the
‘throne, Sethnakht vanished as mysteriously as he appeared.

‘The Setites managed to regain some influence in 50 BC.
‘They recognized the growing power of the Roman Empire,
and also wished for Egypt to regain its previous territories.
‘They sent their mortal agent. Cleopatra. 0 influence the
Roman Senate. She was unable to use her wiles on Julius
‘Caesar, but persuaded Mack Antony, Octavian, and their

70 World of Darkness


allics to assassinate the soldier-ruler, Octavian later became
Cacsar Augustus and, under Cleopatra's influence, sent
Herod the Great to rule Jordan

"The Setites catered to Caligula, who took the throne in AD
37. itis thought that Caliguia was under the influence of so
‘many Clans axl outside forces that he had no option but wo go
insane. With all of the commotion over his activites, the
Setizes" orders fox the conquest of the Nahataean kingdom
‘went almost unnoticed.

‘The Setites continued to partially influence the Caesars wp
to AD 106, when Emperor Trajan finally conquered the

fabatacans, The Romans sacked Peta and vansformed it
into 2 Roman provincial capita

‘The Setites were unaware that Trajan was also being
‘manipelated by the Assamites the Kindred clan that were to
Inter become hired assassins. Several Assamite agents were
present atthe final battle of Petra, with orders to note other
Kindred imerference, During the sack, one of the Assamites

saw a Nabalacan soldier, 2 warrior known as Talag,
singlehandedly kill a dozen Roman warriors,

‘Talag finally ell, but his prowess made a deep impression
onthe Assamite observer. Atthat time the Assamites did nat
have an apprenticeship rite for Neonates — they recruited
fanatic Middle Easter warriors as cannon fodder for their
Clan, The Assamite finished off the few surviving Legion:
naires, toak the dying warrior to an abandoned building, and
initiated the Embrace.

When Talag revived, the Assamite informed him of his
‘new situation. Despitea desire for vengeance on the Romans,
Talag let himself be taken wo Alaunut, Ure Assamites" moun
‘ain stronghold in Turkey, where he improved upon his
already formidable skills.

After Rome

Meanwhile, the few survivors of the sack of Petra were
scattered to the four winds, and the city itself continued under
Romanrute. However, when the Empire lostitsinflucnce,
Petra stood empty. Soon, only a few Bedouin tribes know
Of the great stone city, The Nabauacan survivors soon
intermingled with other tribes and forgot their heritage,
Talag had become one of the Assamites' finest war
sors, Despite his status as "cannon fodder," he survived
every conflict he was placed into and within a century his
[Elders had decided he was too valuable to waste. All the
‘while, however, Talag was obsessed with gaining
‘geance on the Romuns that had destroyed his homeland

On several occasions Talag commited the ultimate sin
Of his clan: fighting in wars without his Elders' permis-
sion or knowledge. His targets. were always Romans,
‘whether in the last days of the Roman Empire's glory or
during the Byzantine era. Fortunately, his Elders never
caught him in these lapses.

‘The Assamites kept busy during the Crusades. They,
along with many Nosferatu, Matkavians, Lasombras, nd
Taimisces, sided with Saladin against his enemies. Rich
‘ard tho Lion Hearted was supported by several other
Cans, primarily the Ventruc and the Toreadors. Despite
severalattempts, Richard avoided death at Assumite hares,
‘and some believe the red-haired Magus known as "Mer
lin," oF one of his descendants, provided the king. with
‘mystical safeguards, His actions were independent of
Richard's Kindred supponters, who were willing to sscri-
fice the sometimes obdurate king ars! replace him him
‘with someone more susceptible to their influence,

It was also during this peciod that Talaq met the
Nosferatu Khalid, with whom he shared a hatred of the
Byzantine Empire, During one of his freelance bails,
"Tala was decisively beaten for one of te few times in his
existence by Alexius.a Byzantine prelatetumed Kindred,

Jordan 71


Fortunately, he managed w escape before unccting Final
Death, He retumed to hunt the prelate, and again his path
crossed Khalid's as they hunted Alexius, Alexius was
Khalid' Sire, and at the time the Nosferatu was seeking his
‘creator in an attempy to lear more about his Vampiric state.

‘Thotwornever found Alexius, which is perhaps fortunate.
"Talag wished to kill the Byzantine, while Khalid wanted to
‘obtain answers from his Sire. Ifthey had found him, Alexius
‘would have no doubt played them ott against each other. As
it was, the two parted on equitable terms, Khalid, a warrior
himself, was impressed with Talaq's skitl, while the
‘Nosferatu's battle fervor and hatred of Europeans likewise
impressed Talag. ‘The two have remained in subtle contact
ever since.

‘Asa result of his duct with Alexius, Talag came to realize
two things, The first was that he was not the invincible
‘Vampire warrior he had believed himself to be, The second
‘was that, while his kingdom would never truly rise, there
‘were still those among the Nahatacans who survived, their
ancestry forgotten. He came to believe that it might be better
10 do whai he could for his poople rather then seek an eternity
‘of revenge for Petra's destruction.

‘To this end, Talag ceased his attacks against the Romans
and their descendants. He went out into the wildemess of the
Jondan Valicy and began wo track down the ancestors of those
who had lived in Petra, Talag found one small tribe, the Naba,

sade up aluiostcaiely of Nabauscan desvewans, Hekiled
‘the nan-Nabatseans in their sleep, then came before the rest,
manifesting his supernatural powers, He led them to believe
‘that he was a god of their ancestors, ready to lead them to true
power.

Over the next few centuries, Talaq began to unite the
‘Nabatacan remnants into a cohesive tribal unit He brought
them to the now "lost" city of Petra, their homeland. He
passed on much of his fanaticism and martial taining,
turning them into a deadly group of warriors,

‘Talay lived a wiple life, so his plans wentslowly. Notonly
‘was he bringing toxether the tribes of the Nabe, but he was
acting as a loyal warrior for the Assamite Clan, He had also
‘ot given up his revenge against either the Romans oF the
Followers of Set; be had come to realize that the Setites had
influenced the Romans against his people, and that they were
as much to blame as the Romans,

‘Talag managed to gain revenge against both the Romans
and the Sctites when he aided the Mamluks, a military caste
of ex-shaves which achieved power in Egypt in AD 1260.
‘Talaq manipulated their ambitions so they were deeply
suspicious of the Setites, who had sided Egypt's previous
rulers. The Setites were once more in disrepute intheir native
lands. which pleased Talag to 00 end,

‘The Mamluks' rule of the Holy Land was for the most part
benevolent, allowing the Ouoman Turks to gain power.
"The Ottomans, under Talag's subtle guidance, besieged
Constantinople, bringing an end 10 the Holy Roman
Empire's domination of the Middle Bast. At this point,
Talag considered his vengeance against the Romans
complete, =

Yalag was successtul in Keeping the secret ot his
reunification of the Nabatacans from the Assamite Elder
Hie realized that if they ever found out about his secret
‘operations, his existence would come to an end. He knew
‘tmathchad to break mei hoki on him. Also, nenieeded the
extra freedom of movement that his Vampiric state pre-
‘vented,

With this goa! in mind, Tala contacted a Talmudic
‘scholar of the Israeli peoples. ‘The scholar, Maimonides,
‘was actually a powerful Kabbalah Magus who had served
asa scholar and courtier to Saladin, Maimonides was also
‘known a5 Rabbi Mostie Ben Maimon, or Rambam, and
had known Khalid when the Nosferatt was studying the
Kabbalah. ‘Talag had heard of him through Khalid and
‘knew that Rambam had been active since the 10theeatury,
‘making hint a mastcr of many life-sustaining spells. ‘The
‘Nabalacan hoped that one of the mystics spells would Be
able to ond his Vampiric state,

‘in 1515, the two came to an arrangement —Rambaim
‘would perform 2 Kabbalistic tial to return Talag wo his
‘human form and grant him extended life, In return, Tala,
‘would influence the Ouoman ruler Suleiman the Mag-
nificeat wo do two things. The First was to erect a wall

2 World of Darkness


surrounding tho Old City of Jerusalem. ‘Ihe second was to
Protect the city throughout his reign.

Talag, suspicious of the arrangement, since he stood to
fain mach more than Rambam, eventually accepted, and
Rambam performed the ritual, Talag was detighted to find
himself human once more, and the ritual notonly granted him
‘vastly extended lifespan bat allowed him to keep some of
his Kindred powers,

Daring this time the Camarilla took steps to end the threat
the Assamites posed in their preying on Kindred during the
Sabbat Wars. With his martial expertise, Talag casily made
the transition fmm warrior to assassin, and many of the
Nabatacans' Childer also became formidable killers,

‘Once Talag had regained his humanity, be look steps to
feign his death forthe benefit ofthe Assamites, He "died"
dering the Final battle betweca the Ottoman Twshs and the
Mamluk. It was this battle that allowed the Turks to take
control of the Middle East, and Talaq's ruse proved success
ful for 300 years,

From 1515 to 1812 the Holy Land region was relatively
peaceful. Talag was too busy becoming reaccustomed to his
humanity and freedom from the Assamites 10 have much
effect on the land. He discovered he was still aging, but ata
‘te of about one year for every 20. The Nabatacan soldier
‘was also busy organizing, training, and strengthening the
"Naba, and increasing his influence with the Ottoman Emirs,

By 1812, Petra was a bustling community of 2,000. The
[Naba, now a full-fledged tribe, survived by farming and
‘aiding other tribes throughout te region. Talaq'sinfluencs,
and Petra's isolated locale, kept the Ottoman Emirs unaware
of the city's existence,

‘This peaceful situation was threatened in 1812, A Swiss
‘explorer, Johann Ludwig Burckhardt, and his party were
exploring the region surrounding Petra. Talaq was unaware
of how close the explorers werr to the city, and before he
could intervene, a Naba patrol chanced upon the explorer's
party and wiped it out. One native guide managed to escape
land rumors were rampant that the mysterious raiders of the
la cenniry operated in or near Petra.

‘Talag had to bring all of his resources to bear to keep the
Emirs from moving against Pet. He supplied aid 10
Mohammad Ali, an Otioman viceroy who was rebelling
sgainst his Tuskish masters. Fiftcea hundred Nabe warriors
06 200miles north to Amman and engaged a Turkish force
thrce times their size, The Ottomans completely wiped out
the Naba tribesmen, but were convinced that the mysterious
riders were completely liminated.

More significantly, the Assamites took notice of the
siuation. Several scouts were ableto infiltrate Petra, and one
survived long enough to report back that Talag sill lived.
‘The Assamites now had an answer for much of the strange
ctivities and secret influences inthe area that they had, unt
‘then, acredited wo the Followers of Set, They realized Tala,
was conducting a Masquerade of his own, and moved against

oH

their former clansman, attacking him covertly in onder to
avoid compromising their own secrets.

Fortunately, Petra was proof against the Assamites, for
‘Talag had trained the Naba using the Clan's own disciplines.
‘The Kindred were unable to mounta full-scale assault, while
the Naba and Petra's guardian spirits proved quite capable of
killing anyone who entered the city.

"Talag now found himeelf opposed by his own former clin
and the Setitesas well, forthe latter had gained knowledge of
his existence after interrogating an Assamito spy. To bolster
his position, he took the identity of Hussein Ibn Ali, a
Hashemite chieftain. He secretly killed the eriginal Husocia
in 1878 and took his place, wsing his Assamite-honed skills
‘at disguise and mental control abilities to pull off the mas-
querade,

‘As Sharif, Talay futhered four children: All, Abdullah,
Faisal, and Zaid, In 1914, World War 1 began and the
‘Ouomans allied themselves with the Germans, leading Talag
to begin a correspondence with the British High Commis:
sioner in 1915, He pledged an Arab uprising against the
‘Turks in return for England's recognition of Arab indepen:
dence,

Talag, now the Sharif of Mecca, instructed his sons
(unaware of their father's real identity) 16 aid the British,
‘Talaghirnself drove the Turkish garrison outof Mecca, while
Faisal captured Al Agabah, a major seaport. The son later
centered Damascus, forcing the Owoman government to ca-
pitulate a few weeks tater.

‘After the war, Britain finally began to acknowledge Arab
independence. Of Talaq/Hussein'ssons, Alibecamethe new
Sharif of Mecca in 1924, Abdullah was appointed Amirof the
‘newly-created Transjordan in 1921, and Faisal was made
King of Syria in 1920, As Hussein, Talag "retired" in 1924.
‘The British designated much of current-day Israel, including
the "West Bank," as Palestine, a Zion homeland. Talag had
bo particular grudge against the Jews. The Isriclis were
responsible for much of the culture and learning in the days
‘when Peint was the capital of the Nabatacan empire. Thus
Talag retumed to Petra. manipulating the country's govern-
‘ment and maintaining the Nabe tribe's strength.

‘After World War Il, in 1946, Britain granted Transjordan
fullindepenktence due to the country's loyalty during the war.
‘Two years later, Britain ended its mandate on Palcatine, and
Israel proclaimed itself nation. This began the first Arab-
Israeli War a8 the Arabs fought to take what they belicved
was theirs.

‘Abdullah, King of Jordan, participated in the War rather
than risk the wrath of his citizens. Jordanian military cap-
tured the West Bank, including Jerusalem, but proceeded no
further. Abdullah's apparent reluctance resulted in his enemies
‘employing an Assamite assassin, who accepted the assign-
‘ment in the bole Abdullah's death would bring Talag out of

Petra. Oncs he was exposed, they could kill him with relative
ease,

Jordan 73


Abdullah died atal-Aksa Mosque in 1951. His grandson,
Hussein, barely escaped death when one of his uniform
‘medals deflected a second bullet. The king's son, Talal,
became king bat was unable to rule for long due to mental
illness. At the same time, Talal's half-brother, Naif, was
plotting to become king.

‘To thwart Naif's plans, Talag got Talal out ofthe way by
‘aking him to Petra, The Nabataean then disguised himself
1nd ook Talal's place. While ruling the country, Talaq spent
‘mach of his time avoiding the many Assamite assassination
suiempts, Fortunately, he was able to thwan them all,

‘Talaq ruled over Jordan long enough for Talal's son,

Hussein, to be appointed king in 1952. He then stepped out
of the limelight and retuned  Pewra. Talal himself was

taken toa villa near Istanbul, where he died in 1972, Talag,
"persuaded" Naif to leave Jordan and never return.

‘Huscein assumed constitutional power on May 2, 1953,
and was to prove an extremely effective leader. During
‘Talaq's brief rule as Talal, the Nabatacan opened up the
‘country 1 more democratic policies, believing this would
‘ease some of the country's intemal strife and help guaran-
tee Petras safety. Besides, Talag preferred the area
surrounding "his" city to be as peacelul as possible.

‘As a result of Talaq's policy, Hussein had to deal with
‘Communiats aud Sovialiss urying to yaln comzol of
Jordan's Parliament. He also had to deal with several
internal and external threats, most nowbly the many
assassination plow aimed athim. On one occasion, Syrian
MIG fighters wied w bring down this personal plane,
‘Another assassin laced Hussein's nose drops with acid.
‘The Assamites initiated several of these plows, trying 10
‘make Talag vulnerable by forcing him to protect the king.

In 1967, the political situation changed in the Third
Arab-Israeli, or "Six-Day," War.  Isracl occupied
Palestine's West Bank. Talag was upset at the constant
‘uproar within his counisy, and the invasion of "his"
country. So great was his rage that he planned to unleash
the Naba against the Israeli

‘twas at this point that the Kabbalah mystic, Rambam,
contacted the Nabatacan. Like Talag, the Talmadic
-scholar/mage had benefited from life-protonging spells
that had kept him alive for centuries. Additionally,
Rambam now worked with the Mossad, Isracli's intlli-
ence organization.

Rambain informed Talag that he was to allow Isralito
take the West Bank. Jordan was oto intervene. If they
did, Rambam would withdraw the spells he had cast on
Talag £0 long age to pedberve hs ifs,

‘As Talaq had long suspected, the bargain be had made
with the mystic was now being paid in full. However,
there was litle be could do. He used his influence with
‘Hussein to cause tne Jordanians to Jose their baits, and
Israel took the West Bank, causing hundreds of thousands
‘of Palestinian Arab refugces to enter Jordan.

‘To convince Hussein give up the West Bank, Talaa was
forced to reveal himself wo the king. Out of respect for his
great-grandson, who had exceeded all of his expectations,
‘Talag divulged his true background to Hussein. He also
‘fevealed that his was the power that had thwarted so many of
Hussein's assassins, Talag informed the young ruler that he
‘wanted peace in Jordan, and that he would support Hussein
as Tong as the king maintained the peace.

Hussein was awed by this epectrs from the past. Ie
‘realized Talag's power and influence was immense and that
‘even if he had wanted to, he could not have opposed his
ancestor,

Hesscin wvepied the simation gracefully. A skilled
politician, he could see how Talaq's influence would be
‘important to his rule, The Nabatacan assured him that his
powers and influence would be Hussein's to command, as

74 World of Darkness


Jong as the king compiled with his wishes. Talaq's needs
were relatively simple, Firs, Petra's location was to be kept
score Over the centuries, the area surrounding Petra had
achieved such a reputation that no one would dare approach
‘it Hussein was to take no further governmental steps 10
investigate or utilize Petra.

‘Talaq also wanted no further actions taken against the
Israets. This position was Glticult wo Keep, but Hussein has
‘managed to bold to it despite the anger of neighboring Arab
countries. Nonetheless, Hussein was relioved when he was
finally able to sever relations with the West Bank. The PLO
nd its eader, Yassir Arafat, took over administravon ofthe
region.

‘To maintain Jordan's peace, Hussein has eased! martial
law, loosened press restrictions, legalized political parties,
and allowed general elections. Although Hussein retains
‘much power, he is partially answerable to Jordan's National
‘Assembly.

‘The last major upbeaval in Jordan was the Iraqi invasion
of Kuwait. Hussein, a long-time ally of Iraq, had supported
‘Saddam Hussein during that country's war with Iran, Saddam
had great popular support in Jordan, and King Hussein was
‘unwilling to anger his people. He was also unhappy with
‘Saudi Arabia's invitation tothe United States to protect their
territory. -

Hussein complied with the U.N. sanctions against Iraq,
bat protested the use of force agains its ally, This position
has cost him approval with the Arab countries who entered
the coalition, Even with the war's end, Jordan is still
recovering from the loss of tourism, the reluctance of other
‘countries to buy ite exports. and the cutoff of development sid
from the West.

Jordanis now spiralling imo poverty. Talaqis not panicu-
larly concerned, since this has had litle effect on the Nabe.
Hrussein, now 57 years old, worries about Jordan's declining
economy and his own slowly faltering health. His only
protectionagainst assassins, particulary those ofthe Assamite
clan, is Talag, ‘Talaq, in tum, is beginning to regret having
Informed Hussein of his uue origins. He ts begining
‘consider one of Hussein's sons a proper replacement once
Hussein mects with an "accident."

Petra - The Valley of Kings

Petra (Greek for ‘rock") would be Jordan's most signifi-
cent historical site even if Talag and the Naba did notoceupy
it, It is located approximately halfway between Aqaba and
the Dead Sea, and the government redirected at least one
highway duc to Talaq's influence.

‘he ancient Nabatzeans literally carved Petra out of the:
reddish sandstone hills. They used the city as the capital of
their kingdom. Originally a series of caves, with only one
free-standing building, the Romans installed such architec
‘ural feanures as baths snd colonnaded streets after their

‘conquest. Since Talaq and the Naba reoccupied the city, the
former Assamite has had all reminders of his former enemics
torn down, It is now once more a scries of deep caves
‘extending miles into the sandstone rock.

As noted earlier, Petra was never rediscovered by Johann
Burckhardt in the 19th century. The Naba drove out other
Bedouin tribes who were living inPetra when they occupied
‘he Nabatacan chy. The ancestors these Bedouins remember
vague rumors passed down through the generations. How-
‘ever, the few that have tried to explore the city have never
returned,

Noone outside of these few Bedouin and King Hussein are
aware of Petra's location or significance. Over the centuries
the area has gained a reputation of being haunted, and few
‘would willingly approach it.

One enters Petra by travelling west down the Sig, the
‘narrow winding wadi (3 km. ong) that serves as the main
‘entrance into the city. The 200-meter-high sandstone walls
{oom over the 10-20 foot wide path, all but blocking out the
‘sum, ‘The pathway was peved by the Roman conquerors, but
the Naba have let it fall into ruin to further dissuade the
‘carious. After two kilometers, a series of small niches are
carved into the walls. They bold small statues ofthe ancient
Nabstacan god Dushara, which the Naba have restored in
honor of their ancestors.

‘The first building one comes to is the Khazneh (Treasury).
The building was originally a tomb, but its name originated
in the 17th century. At that time bandits penetrated this far
into Petra and hid their teasure here, The bandits' visit went
undiscovered until they returned for the treasure, when the
Nba tilled them all. Pet's man guardians now use the
‘building as a guardpost. Like many of Petra's buildings, the
facade is very ornate, but within is only a small unadorned
chamber,

"Tho pauh es farther ino Pere, passing to te righcof a
Roman amphitheater, This is the only Roman structure Talaq
allows to romain standing. He had the Naba tear down any.
traces of Roman decor, but the amphitheater itself still
remaies ad Talay uses us forum when he addresses the
‘united tribe of Naba.

A nearby stairway leads up to the High Place of Sacrifice,
‘flattened area atop the valley's southern wall. Here, ancient
depressions with drains show where the ancient Nabatseans
sacrificed animals (and, itis rumored, the occasional human
being) to their gods. ‘There are sevent! altars carved into the
sock, and obelisks decorate the platform, Several buildings
‘once housed the Nabataean priests, and the Naba have
restored one of these, which they use as 8 watchtower from
which almostall Petra and the Siq leading into thecity can be
seen.

‘The path from the Sig then tums north, Jeading into the
three square kilometers making up Petri. ‘There are several
tombs against the valley's east wall the Jebel Kubtha. Each
standsasamonumenttotheancient Nahatnesne'archivectural

Jordan 7S


ingenuity, ‘The first of three major tombs is the Um Tomb,
and its smooth walls and precisely edged comers have
withstood the rigors of time.

‘There are many other insignificamt caves, most of which
served as the Nabataean's residences. As is common with
‘Nabatacan architecture, the entrances are highly orate, but
the interiors are small, square chambers, with no decorations
orinscriptions. Many of these now serve as dwellings forthe.
Naba.

"Thepath then tums westward, passing into the heart ofthe
‘old Nabatacan city. The Temple of Al-'Uzza-Atargatis
(Winged Lions), north of the path is one of the city's two
Jmporant structures, and is where Talag resides and holds
court, Over the centuries he has had the Naba restore the
Aemple to its full Nabataean glory, filled with art nd oma-
ments dewoied 10. Atargatis, Nabatsean goddess of forility
and consort of Dushara.

‘The path continues on to the west, passing under the
‘Temenos Gateway. The temenos, or courtyard, leads into the
(Qasr el-Bini, Petras other imporant building. This building
is Pewa's only freestanding structure. The Qusr el-Bint
(Casue of the Pharaoh's Daughter) was named by ancient
Egyptian travellers, but served as the Temple of Dushara. It
‘shcreuuat the Naixt come w become one with their ancestors
and conduct much of their worship. Sacrifices are held atthe
High Place of Sacrifice, and much rarer ceremonies designed
4o placate Atargatis are held at the Temple of the Winged
Lions.

‘The path from the Siq continues past the Quar el-Bint and.
inuo a smaller wadi. It leads to the Monastery, a structure
similar in design wo the Treasury., but fur larger. The inside
1s very plain, and. few crosses carved into the walls suggest
that it was used as an early Christian church during the
Roman occupation, A chambernear here has been banned by
‘Talag after several mysterious deaths occurred there centu-
‘nes ago (see below).

‘The areas north and south of Potra's center are used as
{farming and livestock. During the rainy season melted water
Boods down the wadis. irrigating the land. Horses (for
‘ding) and sheep are raised as livestock. There arecurrently
‘only about 100 of the former, since the desert raids that they
were once used for no longer take place with any great
frequency. Thenorthemmostares. where the Wadiel Mataha
‘uns northeast out of the valley, is where miliary training is
held. Three jeeps are kept here for times when quick
transportation is needed. Several Naba have been trained in
their maintenance,
a

Defenses

Petra has several means of defense. Iss fist are Jordanian,
military patrols Hussein has guarding the outskirts of the area
‘surrounding Petra. They believe Hussein suspects PLO
{ermoriats of being inthe area and have no idea what iti they
patrol. but their devotion to their king keeps them from

‘asking or entering the area themselves. Talaq's Ritual of
‘Obfuscation is commonly maintained o prevent any aerial or
satellite reconnaissance.

Petra's second fine of defense is 2 combination of the
‘winding wadis (gullies) that are the only entrances tothe city,
and the Nabe tribesmen. The city's inaccessibility means the
Naba can guard the few entrances with relative ease,
"Trihesmen are pastes a each entrance, and will kill snyone
‘who approaches. They cannot be negotiated with, bargained
‘with, of intimidated. ‘Their orders are to Kill anyone whom
‘Talag has not instructed them to let pass. ‘They will even
attack someone dressed in Naha gar

Peara's third and final defense is supernatural in origin.
Talag.has somehow managed to tap into the combined
psychic force ofthe Nabatacans killed by Roman's during the
‘city's ack, He has little control ofthe spirits but for the time
being they have assented to et him and the Naba occupy the
city, Talag often makes sacrifice to them to keep their favor,
he performs these sacrifices in privat, since the Naba would
fot believe in his divinity if thoy saw him bowing before
spirits.

‘The spirits have no physical presence, but are capable of
summoning a khamsin, a violent desert breeze. This is
tweatedasarangedanack withadamage ot4, Anyone caught
within the breeze takes a +2 penalty to all actions due tothe
sand and wind. Ifthey wish to break frecof the khamsin, they
‘mustmakea Strength roll agains difficulty". Threesuccesses
are necessary 10 escape. ‘The howling winds also serve to
attract the atiention of the Naba, who will immediately come
to investigate,

aba rumorhas it that, when Petra was fist being settled,
spirits atackeda small party of tribesmen exploring a secluded
‘burial chamber near the Monastery. This party was never
seen again, Talag gave orders that the Naba avoid the
chamber, and to this day the ban has never been lifted, The
'Naba do not know what lies within the chamber, or why the
spits guard it 0 zealously. Some of the tribesmen fear that
the spirits are not as trustworthy as Talag has told them while
others suspect that the spirits ofthe Christians who once used
the Monastery as a place of worship haunt the urea, and are
10% friendly towards the Nabatseans,

Within Petra, the Naba live life much as many of the
Revtowindo.Inciead of swearing their allegiance wo sheikh,
they give fealty to Taiag. They view him as one of their
ancestors come downto Earth, and follow his orders explicily.

Under his orders, the Naba have cleared out parts of the
ity forfarming and livestock broeding. Unlike must Bedouin
cultures, the Naba share duties equally among men and
‘women. Both tend the fields and raise children, and both rain
and fight as warriors.

76 World of Darkness


stati *

sit sHD582


‘When a child reaches the age of 10, he is initiated into the
combat disciplines. He trans for cight years, and the tests
become progressively more difficult. After four years the
‘raining is tually real, with edged weapons and loaded
‘weapons. Any failure will result in the youth's death.

‘Upon reaching his 18th year, be travels into the desert. He
‘must travel at Least 100 miles from Petra, kill a male adult
‘between the ages of 22 and 10, and return withthe vietien's
‘head. Ifthe youth successfully completes his "quest," he is
scknowledgod as an adult and granted status in the ranks of
the Naba warriors,

‘The Nata warrlons spectalize in small unit groups, anc
‘rarely fightin groups of more than 10. More often, they work
singly o¢ in pairs. As such, there are no "ranks" among the
‘warriors, while in groups of five or more, Talaq will desig-
nate the most capezienced warfuns tp act as commander.

In the first fow centuries of their existence, Nabe tribes-
‘men often repopulated their tribe by riding out and raiding
other wibes. This allowed them, in 1812, to reach a popula-
tion of 2,000, the most Petra could adequately support.
However, Talaq sacrificed more than 1,000 Naba to draw
attentionaway after Johann Burckhardt's unwitting discovery
of Pea.

‘This sacrifice severely depleted the Naba and led Talaq to
sive the women an equal role as warriors. The tribe's
‘population has risen slowly over the years to its current level
(of 1,200. This number would be much higher, except forthe
fatalities resulting from childhood training and special mis-
sions outside of Petra.

Talag trains the Naba warriors in disciplines Talag has
‘adapted from the Ascamites. Naba training covers mclec
‘weapons, firearms, stealth, infiltration and tracking. Talaq
‘also imbues them with a religious fanaticism rarely seen in

the world. Each Nabs warrior belicves that to die while
following Talaq'sordersis io receivea placeamong the royal
courts of the Nabatscans in the afterlife,

‘TheNabaarcawareof the outside world. Talaq has taught
them that technology is @ curse, and that to rely on it is 10
dishonor their Nabatacan ancestors, Still, he employs some
\Naba warriors in the outside world, and gives them training
in fircatms and modem secusity dovives, They are tained to
Yiicw cities as hostile environments, but ones that ean be
survived. However, Talag cemphasizes that the Nata should
‘not rely on modern technology. ‘The Naba warriors' favored
‘equipment is black desert garb, a sharp sword, light chain
mail, and a silver knife.

{In the outside world, Naba warriors perform three fune-
tions. Fist of all, they act as Talaq's special agents when he
‘must strike againsthis enemics. Ifa secret military base has
sprung up in Saudi Arabia or Lebanon, the Naba will be sent
to break in, steal any valuable information, and retarn to
‘Talaq,

Second, Naba are occasionally assigned as bodyguards,
‘via Hussein, to important government officials. ‘These offi
cials believe the Naba to be elite Desert Patrol soldiers.
Hussein himself has six as bodyguards,

Finally, two dozen Naba lurk in the shadows of Amman,
always on watch for peculiar outsiders, ‘They will never
ceagage a suspicious stranger directly, unless Talsq has given
them specific orders. They will contact Talag through
Hiussein, and the Natataean will pass on orders or come
personally to investigate the situation, These two dozen
Naba are rotated every two weeks, and there are 10 such
groupe

[Naba have the following statistics:

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

‘Social: Charisma 2. Manipulation 2. Appearance 2
‘Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
‘Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,

Intimidation 3

Skills: Acrobatics 3, Camouflage 3, Climbing 3,

Firearms 2, Interrogation 1, Lock Picking 3, Melee 4,

‘Orienteering 2, Ride 2, Security 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4,

Swimming 2, Tracking 4

Knowledges: Arca Knowledge (Potra) 4, Arca

Knowledge (Jordan) 2

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

‘Willpower: 7

Equipment: Sword (as a Sabre), Silver Dagger (as a
knife), special Light Chain Mail (Armor Rating 3, Penalty
of)

Talag

Demeanor: Autocrat

78 World of Darkness


Apparent Age: 53

Physical: Suength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

‘Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

‘Talents: Aleriness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 1, Instruction 3, Intimidation 3, Inrigue 5, Leader-
ship 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

‘Skills: Bribery 2, Climbing 3, Disguise 4, Escapology 2,
Firearms 2, Melee 4, Security 3, Stealth 4, Survival 2,
Tracking 3

Knowledge: Arca Knowlxige(Petra)5, Area Knowledge
Goran) 4, Kindred Lore 3, Linguistics 2, Magus Lore 2,
Occult 4, Politics 5, Spirit Lore 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celenty 2, Chimerstry 2, Forti-
tude 1, Obfuscate 2, Presence 5, Quietus 3, Thaumaturgy 3

Background: Allies 3, Influence 5, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Merits; Ambidextrous, Double-Jointed, Political Ties

Flaws: Enemies (he Assamites, the Followers of Set)

Willpower: &

Note: When Talaq uses Celerty and Quietus, be substi-
tutes Willpower for Blood Points when the late are called
for, He may spend 2 Willpower points per round on Disci-
plines.

Rituals: The equivalent of Devil's Touch, Purity of Flesh,
Calling the Restless Spirit, Donning the Mask of Shadows.
He has a level 3 rinal that is the equivalent of Level 5
‘Optuscate, taking a week fo cast, Dut good for two months.
Givehim any additional rituals you feel be needs especially
those invotving spirits).

Paths; Corruption 3, Fire 3, Thaumaturgy 3, Weather
Conirot 3

Equipment: Sword (as a Sabre), Silver Dagger (as a
knife), special Light Chain (Armor Rating 3, Penalty of 1)

Description: Telag is of medium ticight and bali, with
‘ypically Arabian features and coloring. When at Petra, be
‘wears the white robes and golden omaments of a Nabatacan
ruler. When acting covery, Talag wears Naba battle gear:
black robes and fight chain snail, "Whe hic must visit with
politicians and dignitaries, be wears an impeccably tailored
Diack business suit,

Roleplaying Hints: You have devoted your existence 10
the memory of the former Nabatacan kingdom, Since the
10th century, you have devoted yourself to bringing your
people back. In some ways you feel responsible for the
kingdom's fae, having failed in your duty as a soldier when
the Romans atacked Petra,

‘You care nothing for Jordan, thecountry that has grown up
around Petra, Your main concem is first and always the
safety ofthe Nabe tribe and the sanctity of Petra. You will
‘manipulate and scheme ruthlessly to keep your people intact.

‘You take a conain pride in your great-grandson's, King
Hussein's, accomplishments, but would kill him ina minute
if he did anything to threaten Petra.

‘You stll despise Romans, though you tomper this hatred
since the completion of your revenge with the destruction of
the Byzantine Empire, Nonetheless, you have little affection
for talians.

To the Naba, you area demigod, a being of mythological
Proportions. They believe you tobe the physical manifestation
of their Nabataean ancestors the spirit made flesh. They are
‘unfailingly loyal to you, following your commands wish »
fanatic's zeal.

‘You getno pleasure in the Naba's worship. However, you
realize one mustappear omnipotent tohold the Nabe together.
To some degree you have come 10 belicve in your own
‘omnipotence, but are aware enemies still pose a threat

—____
Enemies

Inhis 1900-year existence, Talag has accumulated several
enemies, ‘They include:

‘The Assamites

‘The assassin Clan of Kindred still consider Talag a traitor
afterhis desertion of them. However, they have learned their
Jesson against sending lone or small parties of assassins into
Petra, The city's Naba patrols and guardian spirits have thus
far seen to it that nota single Assamite has goten got close
to Talag while he has resided in the city.

‘The Assamites have had a litle beter luck when attacking
‘Talag outside of Petra. ‘Their schemes have included the
assassination of Talaq's son, Abdullah, and a number of
attempts on Hussein, The purpose ofthese attacks has been
to force Talaq out of Petra to protect his underlings, making
himself vulnerable to attack; however, Talaq has managed to
avoid all assassination attempts and successfully protect
Hussein,

‘The Assamites are currently content to bide their time.
‘They no longer send assassins into Petra, butoccasionally uy
4 hit when Talaq leaves his ancient city,

‘The Followers of Set

‘The Setites first began to suspect the existence of a
"behind-the-scenes" manipulator when the Mamluks came
to power in 1260 and threw them out. Whoever it was, the
‘Setites hated him with a passion, since the Mamluks proved
resistant to their influence for more than 200 years.

twas not until the capture of an Assamite spy inthe 19:
‘century that they were able tn place aname upon the shadowy
‘presence controlling Jordan. They uncovered Talaq's name
«afew short months after the Assamites themselves received
‘confirmation of his existence,

"Tho Sotites are intent on regaining control ofthe sca that
they still consider theirs. They feel that since the Egyptians

Jordan 79


originally ruled the area, they have the best claim on it. The
Assamites, despite their Ambian origins, have no argument
withthe Settes" policy. Talag, however, has no intention of
‘yielding Jordan or its bordering countries to Sette influence.
Hee strives mightily to prevent the Settes' seduction of
‘government officials.

‘Talag has been mostly successful. Religious conserva-
tis ia an has provemted dhe Sextes from gaining much of
«foothold, ae Syria is falling under the influence of Western
‘powers, culminating in their plea for help to the Americans
daring the Gulf War. The preseace of Kabbalistic mystics in
Israel as acted to negate the Setites' threat,

‘Within Jordan itself, Talaq has used his influence to
monitor the government's officials. Although the upper
cchelon of government and military leadership remained
‘uncorrupted, three minor cabinet members, mo less than
seven parliament members, and four low-ranking officersare
under Setite control. For now, the Seties are content to use
theirpawns to obtain information, rather than to actively lead
18 coup against Hussein or assassinate Talaq — aficr all, it
took them nearly a century to get this many puppets.

Slowly but surely, the Setites are worming their way into
{a position of influence in Jordanian politics. They have
taken the long view, believing that one day they will gain
enough power 10 challenge Talag and take control of the
entire region,

Other Kindred Clans

‘Talag and his comets are quick wo spot outsiders, so very
fow non-Arabic Kindred can enter Jordan without Talag
Knowing of them. Unlese Talag believes the Kindred might

be of use to him, he will have Hussein dispatch soldiers to
inform the Kindred intruders wo leave, Ifthey disobey, he will
have Hussein send soldiers against them,

‘Ifthe soldiers fail, Tulag will send at least wo squads of
Naba against them. The first group will consist of as many
Nabaas characters. Thesecond will beat leasttwice that size,
‘more if Talaq believes it necessary. Ifthe second group fails,
"Talag himsoif will investigate. He will ake.as many Naba as
he feels he are necessary.

If Talag can find a use fora particular group of Kindred,
he will meet with them. He will have soldiers escort them to
‘some out-of-the-way location, and then meet with them from
the shadows. He will always have at least twice the party's
size in Naba hiding in the shadows. For ideas of what Talag
‘might want a party for, see Story Ideas below.

For all practical purposes, Talaq is "Prince" of Jordan.
However, his presence is unknown wo most Kindred. The
Giovannis and the Tremere suspect his presence, and it is
quite likely the Nosferatu have knowledge of him. Khalid of
theChicago Nosferatu, isan old friend, but wouldbeunwilling
1 trade or sell knowledge of Talag's existence,

Lycanthropes

‘A desert country, Jordan, like many such nations, has
proven inhospitable to the Lupines, as hunting is not good for
them outside ofthe cities; however, afew obscure Bedouin
tribes consist entirely of lycanthropes. Talag tolerates their
‘existence as long as they remain in the far eastern regions of
the Jordan Desert. These wibes prey on Bedouin tribes in
Syria, leading to occasional border skirmishes. Tulag can
have Hussein disavow any control over these "wild" tibes.
Ifthe Bedouin lycanthropes cause too much damage, Talag
thas the Naba deal with them. He considers it good practice
for his people.

‘Talay tug reapon w beliove dunt contain members of the
PLO.are Lupines, He is not sure who, but he has noted that
daring the exile ofthe PLO from Jordan, several cells put up
resistance $0 great that be had to send Naba against them,
Even dies, the lycanduupes killed many of his tribesmen.
‘Those that survived confirmed the existence of shapeshifters
‘among their opponents,

‘Tala has since began a policy of training the Nabe to be
able to deal with werecreatures, Talaq is almost positive the
PLO leader, Yossir Arafat, is not a lycanthrope.. However, it
is cenain that Arafat would have knowledge of the Lupines
‘within his ranks, and could deploy them for maximum effect.

‘Since the PLO eviction from Jordan, the group's effors
hhave been directed more at Israel. Stil, Talaq is wary of any
|ycanthrope presence in Jordanian cities, and will send Naba
to deal with them.

80 World of Darkness


Rambam

‘Talag considers the Israeli scholar and mage his most
‘powerful opponent. Rambam is the one who endowed
‘Talag with his extended life. At their second meeting,
‘Rambam made it clear that he could withdraw the spells
if Talag ignored his wishes conceming the West Bank.
‘Although Rambam declared Talaq's deb paid in ful, tho
‘Nabatacan is highly suspicious of the mage as Rambam
‘could easily blackmail him again,

Rambam is currently active in the Mossad, Israel's
intelligence agency. There are several other Kabbalah
‘mystics aiding te Mossad against Israe!'s enemies;
however, none are as powerful as this centuries-old Tal-
‘mui scholar, One of the reasons Jordan has been s0
nonaggrcssive against Istaclis baause of Talag's fear of
‘mystical retaliation,

Because ofthis fear, Talaq has given standing orders to
‘Hassein that no operations be initiated against Isracl
‘unless he gives personal approval. Few have received his
approval. Tala never unleashes the Naba, fearing this
‘would be interpreted as his personal involvement.

‘This situation has proven frustrating to Hussein. since
his position on Israel has cost him the support of other
‘Arab countries, but 1o date he fs been too grateful and
afraid of Talag to disobey his orders,

Forhis part itis hard otell what Rambam'sinentions are,
He may honestly consider his debt paid. Alternatively, he
may be using his hold on Talaq asa silent threat, Since lsract
‘obtained the West Bank, he has had no further contact with
Tulaq Rambam has assured the Mossad that Jordan is not
theirenemy, and the agency is mot especially active in Jordan
(certainly nots active as they are in Lebanon), but there are
‘numberof small inelligence- gathering stavons in operation,

Other Mages

Ruimors of forvigners with strange powers mecting mys-
terious deaths have spread far and wide among centin
icles. Most Mayi avoid Jordan like the plague. Lf Yalag
hears of any within his country, he will teat as if they were
‘Vampires (soe above). He will moet with them if he can ind
‘use for them, Otherwise he will have them kicked out of
Jordan or killed.

Hussein

‘King Hussein is perhaps Talaq's greatest threat, primarily
because Talaq is unawarcheisa threat. Under the subtle yoke
of Talag's influence, the King has come to resent that he is
essentially a puppet ruler. Talag's only concern is how the
Naba at Petra fare. He has little regard fr the rest of the
country, and only desires that nothing happens to interfere
with his kingdom.

‘Onthe short sem, Jordanisa peaceful country. However,
the area is currently at odds because of Talaq's orders for
Hssein wo suppor the U.N. sanctions against Iraq during the
Gulf War. Hussein and many of his people supported Iraq.
‘The king's apparent betrayal by supporting the U.N. against
lag has inflamed the populace. Hussein believed Jordan
should aid Iray and blames Talag for forcing him to go
against his beliefs and angering his people.

Hussein knows he must move carefully against Talag. The
Nabataean has spics everywhere, and the king ean never
know if his efforts to fesry them out have been completely
successful

Hussein knows of the supematural only from what Tals
has told him, He knows there is a Cian of assassins known
as the Assamites, but has been unable to locate them. If the
‘Assamites could ever gain such an ally within the Jordanian
‘government, they would leap at the opportunity — that is,
assuming they did not igure it wo be a rap,

‘The Setites would also be interested in an alliance with

Hussein. Ironically, they long ago dismissed the king as
‘Talaq' pawn, and have never bothored trying to vous bit,

Hussein has a vague suspicion that other supematural
forces are active in the world (Occult 1), He is unaware of
bow to contact such beings, or how far he could trust them.
If Hussein were to somehow contact any characters from
‘Chicago, and the Kindred! made ravel reservations to Jordan,
Khalid would undoubtedly hear of itand warn Talug, Whether
this means the characters would receive a warm reception at

Jordan ar


Amman Airport or be ambushed ata critical point during a
‘delicate operation is left wo the Storyteller,

Jordan —

Its Geography and People

‘The country of Jontanis borderedon the north by Syria,on
‘te East by Iraq, and on the southeast and south by Saudi
Anbbia, Its western borders formed by Isract and the Isracli-
‘occupied areaknown asthe West Bank. Jordan proper covers
35,000 square miles, or about 91,880 kilometers —an area
slighily smaller than the state of Indiana,

Jordan's most distinguishing geographical feature is the
Rift Valley, a great rift running north-south formed by the
depression of Lake Tiberias, the Jordan Valley and the Dead
‘Sea, This rift forms the border between Jordan and Israel.

‘The Jordanian Highlands ran roughly parallel to the Rift
‘alley. The Highlands have an altitude of between 2,000 and
3,000 fee, and are divided into ridges by valleys and gorges.
‘Most of Jordan's "civiization," as well as Petra, lic within
this area,

‘The Jondan Desert is part ofthe Syrian Desert, and covers
82% of Jordan, Occasional oases dot the area. However, for
the most part the area is uninhabited by natural or supematu-
ral beings.

‘The Jordan River, which runs through the Rift Valley from
the Dead Sea to the Sea of Galilee, is a major source of
isxigation for Jordanian and!sracti farmers. Confict between
the 1wo countries has prevented them from coming 10 a
reasonable, balanced use of the waters,

Jordan's climate is relatively arid. There is a relatively
‘rainy season from November to April and dry weathec forthe
seat ofthe year, ‘The parts of the country within the Jordan
Desert are subject to harsher conditions, receiving less than
five inches of precipitation a year. Except the Rift Valley,
{frost and occasionally snow can be found,

‘The goverment has condacted only two censuses inthe
{ast 32 years, 0 itis hard to determine Jordan's population;
three to four million is good estimate. Of that popatation,
mostare Arabs who speak Arabic. However, there are many
conflicts between the Bedowins, the original inhabitants of
the area, and the Palestinians, who now represent 60-70
percent of the population.

‘Of the two factions, the Bedouin are most loyal to King
Hussein. They (and others) view them as the "original"
Arabs. They live life much as their ancestors did, and hold.
‘heir lifestyle asthe standard all Jordanians should follow.

‘The Bedouin live primarily in the Jondan Desert, although
thoy can be found near the Rift Valley during certain times of
tho year, Technically nomads, they have fixed winter and
summer campgrounds, and participate in Jordan's cash
economy.

Palestinians refugees make up a large percentage of
Jordan's population. Many have moved out ofthe camps and
hhave become an active part of Jordanian life. Many others
live in Amman, inhabiting poorly constructed shantytown
efugeecamps, Since they believe they will eventually return
‘otheirhomeland, itis difficult to persuade them tomoveout.

‘The Palestinians are, to some degree, a thom in the side of
Jordan. They are made up of a number of factions, Many
believe Jordan is at fault for not fighting strongly enough for
the West Bank. Othoea resent King Husscin's attempts
‘incorporate them into the Jordanian government. The U.N,
recognition of the PLO has given them a cause to rally
around.

‘The vast majority (90 percent) of Jordan's population sof
‘the Sunni Muslim faith. The Constitution of 1952 states that
‘the king and his successors must be Muslims, born of Muslim

parents. The other 10 percent consists of Christians, mostly
of Eastem Orthodox and Greek Catholic sects. There are

smailer groups of Roman Catholic, Protestant, and Shiite
‘Muslim faith,

Jordan's major resources are farming and livestock. ‘This
‘sanimegularsouree, since much ofthe country's agricultural
activites are dry farming that takes place in areas tht suffer
from drought, The raising of livestock takes place in desert
seas, ‘

Mining is also an important part of Jordan's economy.
‘Thetwomost significant minerals are potash and phosphate,
both of which are used as fertilizers. Sources include te
Dead Sea, small oil wells, and several mines. Mineral
‘exports make up 20% of Jondan's exports,

Jordan's economy is also made up ofa variety of different
industries. The govemment is also heavily promoting tourism,
alihough the loss. of West Bank aitcs such as Jerussiex,
Bethlehem, and Jericho have hurt their efforts, Ironically,
‘one of Jordan's most potentially imeeresting tourist sites,
Petra, is off limits due to Talag's occupation.
es

Major Cities

Jordan's capital, Amman, is located in northern Jordan,
about 35 miles northeast of the Dead Sea. Archacologists
‘have documented its existenceback to 500 BC, where the Old
Testamentrefers toitas Rabbath Ammon. Thecity remained
‘a major trade center down through the centuries. The

82 World of Darkness


Nabstseans occupied it at one time, before they were de-
feated and Herod the Great occupied the metropolis

Seven ebels, or hills, divided Amman, Streets have up to
three different names, and none arc marked. The city is a
basting, chaotic mess of human and automotive traffic. The
architecture is basically a monotonous repeuition of six basic
Middle-Eastern building styles.

‘Amman isa friendly city, however, even inthe dectining
ays since the cutoff of trade and economic help to Jordan
after the Gulf War, Most of is residents are older Palestin-
{ane and their families, While crime is not uncommon, it ia
directed at city residents, not vistors

Many historical buildings dot Amman, With Jordan's
‘conomic situation tte money has been allocated for devel-
‘opment ofthese strictures, and they are often used as rendez-
‘ows spots for criminals and foreign agemts. A popular site
forsuch mectings is a restored Roman theater, five minutes'
walk east of downtown, ‘The theater isthe only surviving

remnant ofthe city when it was under Roman occupation and
was known as Philadelphia (after Ptolemy Philadelpbas).

Several cheap downtown hotels are available for the
intrepid traveller, For the travelling Kindred, safety is hard
to find, Not that any particular guide would sell out the
character's location for a few pieces of silver — itis simply
that Husscin's intelligence service is effective at ferreting out
foreign travellers who reserve deserted warehouses and
apartments,

currency is the dinar GID), which is made up of 1000 fils. A
Birsh is 10 fils, One dinar equals $3.50 U.S,

‘The only other city of any great siznificance is Aaabe. in
Jordan's southem regions. This city is the country's oaly
scapon, located on the Gulf of Aqaba. When Jordan allied
with Iraq during the latter's war with Iran, Agaba served as
4 major port for Iraq. There is still a bustling weapons

Jordan

83


business ruming here, andone can obtain almostany weapon
if the price can be paid,

‘Othe than beaches and fair weather, Aqaba has tte else
to offer, Its distance from Amman puts it outside of the
political infighting that wkes place in the country's capital.
‘Agata is just a few kilometecs away from tho Isracli resort
‘owo of Eilat. Despite national conflicts, the two cities areon
‘s00d terme and their aisports are close by. An entocpriaing
‘operative with contacts at both ends could slip from one

Story Ideas

‘The first type of Story would be those based in the city
‘bere the Storytellers campaign takes place. This helps in
‘that the conflict comes to the player characters, instead of
‘having wo find a way to bring them halfway around the world.
a

Politics as Usual

King Hussein is on a tour of the United States, trying to
‘encourage economic aidan tourism this besieged country.
‘The Assamites believe Talag is on the tour, providing the
king with protection, and thoy feel he may make himself
‘vulnerable while protecting Hussein, Ifthe Nabatnean is not
Present, they can kill Hussein and leave Talag without a
‘major pawn,

‘When Hussein arrives in the campaign city, the Prince
soon notices strange Kindred are in town, and have not
Presented themsolves tohim, Ifthe character groupare allied
‘with the current Prince, he will ask them to investigate the
‘matter, Ifthe characters are Anarchs, the Prince might trick
them into fighting tha Ascarites, or blackmail thom by
holding a loved one (perhaps a former wife) hostage. The
‘Assamites may become too eager in their atacks, risking the
Masquerade. A general call might go out for all Kindred to
‘hunt the strange Kindsed down. Altemately, the charsctore
‘may become involved simply by being in the wrong spot at
the wrong time,

‘The characters will have to dea! with Assamite assassins,
local police, and Secret Service agents. At the Storyteller's
‘option, Naba tribesmen acting as bodyguards could be caught
in the crossfire, or catch the characters ina crossfire between
the wibesmen and the Assamites. Itis unlikely Talag is along
‘on this trip. Depending on what the Storyteller intonds for
ature stories, he may very well be present.

Blast From the Past

ANabatacan relic has been recovered froma millionaie's
‘old atic. Archacologists are studying it at the Museum of

Natural History (or campaign equivalent). Talag gets word
‘fit and sends Naba warriors to recover it.

See #1 above for the means that the characters could
become involved. They might also simply be innocent
bystanders at the museum after hours when the Naha break
in.

‘Complications can include Taleq himself along with the
raiding party, Assamites on the trail of the Naba, security
‘guares, and the item's mystical abilities — ifthe latter, any
‘number of miscellaneous parties, particularly magi, might be
trying to get the artifact as well. Altematively, some son of
accident mightunleash supernatural forces that could threaten
everyone,

Pelt of Many Colors

‘The PLO has arrived in the campaign city, raising funds
‘mm Palestinian sympathizers. The Mossad are hot on their
‘wail. The characters might become accidentally involved, the
Prince might ask them to investigate these strangers, or the
characters might have an Ally or Contact who is Palestinian,
If the tater, the ally/contact comes to the character and tells

‘them about an illegal interrogation by foreigners.

‘The PLO has sent several Lupines along to provide muscle
for the PLO money-raisers. The Mossad operatives are well-
armed and trtined and inclodes Kabbalasticmage ortwo. An
encounter between the characters and one of the partes, or
‘both parties meeting with the characters in the middle, could
provide a battle royal between Vampires, werewolves and
mages,

‘The second type of Story is where the characters travel 10
Jordan. If yourcampaign takes place in the Middle East, then
thie iz nota problem. More likely, your campaign takes place
in the United States. A few examples of how to get your
characters into Jordan are:

Free the Oppressor

‘Asa result ofthe first Story above, Hussein ascertains that
‘thecharacters are supernatural beings. The king believes the
‘characters might be able to help him break Talaq's hold on
Jordan,

Ey World of Darkness


‘The Storyteller can modify Hussoin's mission based on
the level of power of the group. Unless the Storyteller is
feeling vicious, having Hussein ask the characters to infl-
trate Pour is a bit extreme. However. Hussein might want a
sabinct member Dominated to determing if he is under
‘Talag's influence, Or he might ask thecharactes to slip into
Israel to contact this "Rambam"" that Tag fears so greatly,

Ugly Old Friends

Ifthe campaign setting is Chicago, Khalid needs some-
thing delivered to Talag as partof acorespondcane. He will

yy

‘certainly ask any Nosferatu characters, and ask the Nosferatu
to appeal to their fellow characters.

‘Thepackage could contain something relatively harmless
(acchess move), and the delivery isa test by Khalid. Alter-
rately, the package could contain valuable information that
Khalid has gotten. Possibilities include a overheard rumor at
Chicago's Isracti Embassy about a Mossad raid on Amman
to capture a PLO terrorist cell, or news of PLO operations in
‘Amman. Ifthe later, the characters could very easily have
1 run a gauntlet of Mossad agents, Kabbalah mages, PLO
terrorists, and Arabic werewolves.



Written by Ryan O'Rourke, Art by John Cobb

Asis is not going to be civilized after the methods of the West.

There is too much Asia and she is too old,
— Rudyard Kipling, The Man Who Was

1846

Accrash of breaking glass disturbed the late-night silence
of Queen's Road, followed by loud gigaes from a band of
‘urchins as they streaked away froma shattered and sputtering
street lamp. The gang scurried into Chinatown, elated with
their crime, not sceing the tall, well-dressed figure who
followed them past gambling dens, ramshackle temples
iting clovdsof incense, dity whores am stoop-shouldeced
old alchemists.

‘The hunter grimaced as several of the smallest boys leapt
screaming intoa pigsty and olledaboutinthe mud. Animals.
They live in dirt, eat things God never intended be food,

Pedder felt his Hunger reaching its peak as he moved
quickly through the unseeing crowd. His prey; the cldest. was
strapping, muscular boy, naked tothe waist, with rich vita:
ppamping through his veins.

‘A tingling in his spine ... Pedder froze, suddenly aware
thet he was not the only hunter stalking tonight. Another
Kindred? Who dares violate my Domain? The other was
short, dark-haired, dressed in robes and, Pedder realized with
1 shock, Oricatal in features and complexion Revolted yet
fascinaiod, the English Vampire watched the noweomer
speak quietly with the urchin and followed as they walked
Aogether into an alley behind a fortuncteller's.

Now he shall feed, thought Pedder. A long fingemail
fasned across the boy's neck. Pedder stifled his Beast's
hungry growls at the sight of the warm vite oozing slowly
from the small wound. The Chinese Kindred opened his
mouth with a loud whooshing sound; immediately, the blood

aarced through the air from the youth's neck and down the
forcigner's throat.

Pedder's Beast growled again, this time in terror. A
Tremere? he thought wildly, but he doubted that it was a
‘Warlock trick, Observe him now, follow him to his Haven,
‘and destrvy him, Pedder decided as the blood poured forth
inincreasing torrents. The other's face began to glow a warm
pink. He has not seen me...

‘The flow of blood abruptly ceased; the boy sank to the
‘ground with a final shudder. Lazily, the robed Kindred
‘umed, looked right at Pedder and licked his lips. His mouth
split ino a fiendish smite

Pedder led Chinatown, back to Victoria, all the way to his
‘bungalow, pausing only to feed on a stumbling lndian mer-
chant. The fat Punjee had smoked opium, and Pedder' panic
ballooned from the effect of the drug. He shricked at his
servants, summoned hhis aides, sent out partics of burly
dockworkers, But even when his ghouls reported four days
later that the foreigner had been found and destroyed, the
‘memory ofthe Chinese Vampire's smile refused to fade from
his mind.

1992

Robert Pedder, Taipan of Hong Kong, gazed out his
penthouse office window at the bright lights of Central
District. The city was his, fmm the money that passed
sileauly through the surrounding towers of stcel and glass, to
the ships rocking in the harbor, to the blood of the thousands

‘of mortals who walked below, not daring wo lift their eyes to
meet their master's stare

Hong Kong 87


Even the other Kindred' — Undead whose proconcs
Pedder a first resented but came 10 tolerate — even they
submitted to his will. Sometimes reluctandy, true, but those
‘who defied the Taipan did not do so for long. Like that slum.
CCaitff whose latest indiscretion made the front page of the
South China Moming Post... Pedder scribbled & note to an
aide

Despite all his power and wealth, Pedder was uneasy.
Blinking at him from across the harbor, die pink ane blue
‘eon of Kowloon disturbed him. Stil further north, beyond
theNow Territories, unseen butnotunelt, crouched the great
dark mass of China, a huge dragon about to swallow the
Taipan and his cick, fat city. Im ess than five yeas, We
People's Republic would snatch one of the lst jewels from
Victoria's crown,

‘And there will be a new Prince, Pedder reflected. His
arrangements were already made. In three years, OF ai most
four, be would board his yacht, the Able, and be on his way
to Europe. Back after so many decades ... He only hoped
Europe would be far enough.

Pedder abruptly rose and headed for the clevator. He
‘would be more comfortable in his old colonial bungalow. A.
highrise hotel had blocked his view of the harbor for several
years now. For Pedder, that was just fine,

History of Hong Kong

Even before the barbarians of the West arrived in force,
foreign ships off the south China coast were familiar sight.
Other Asians, Arabs, and Indians had been sailing to
Guangzhou (Canton) to trade for centuries. In the sixteenth
Century the Portuguese trading colony of Macao was estab-
lished in the region, and by the nineteenth all the great
soloulal powers of Europe, as well as the Americans, had
Profitable factory enclaves in Guangzhou itself,

Despite being China's only port that had any contact with
the outside world, the Guangzhou delia and its associated
islands were a remote backwater of the Chinese Empire.
‘Communication tines to Beijing 1500 miles to the north were
Jong, and organization at theclan and village level was more
immediate than the deeree of the Qing (Ch'ing) emperor.

‘The local population was sparse. Most lind — island or
‘mainland — was too mountainous wo farm. Stil, fishermen,
stoneculters, herb gatherers, and a few rice farmers eked out
an existence, following the Confucian traditions and wor-
shipping deities both Buddhist and local

During the first half of the 19th century (and later, 100)
British businessmen profited immensely from the nominally
iMlegal ado in opium. Chests of the drug fiumr Lunia wero
exchanged for Chinese tea. Vice fed vice. This trade, in
addition to cultural conflicts between the (wo nations, led to
increasingly strained relations.

{n 1839, matters came to head when a newly appointed
Chinese magistrate seized thousands of chests of opium and
destroyed them. The Royal Navy opened fire on Chinese war
junks, andParliament had theexcuse itneeded io declare war
‘00 China.

Merchants had long been lobbying for a litle military
action to convince the Qing to loosen their restrictive trade
policies. Some Kindred believe the Ventrue clan. long
powerful in London, may also have supported the decision,
hoping to uncover mystic secrets ofthe East under cover of
British imperialism.

The war swiftly humiliated the Chinses. Successive
vYctoties by the Royal Navy forced the Imperial government
to the bargaining table, and the local British official on the
scene, Capinin Charles Elliot, negotiated his own settlement:
the annexation of the islant of Hong Kong by the British
Empire,

Many were critical of Eliot's action, The merchants were
Jooking for a more general opening of China o foreign trade,
and while Parliament was glad wo gain a physical piece of
China, its members had hoped for more — say, Taiwan,
Hong Kong had an area of only 26 square miles; rocky and
barren, it was inhabited only by a few thousand boat people.

Sull, Hong Kong was close to Guangzhou and had an
excellent deepwater harbor. On January 26, 1841, the Union
Jack was raised on the shore, and the ceding of Hong Kong,

88 World of Darkness


to Britsin was officially recognized in the Treaty of Nanking
a year later

‘Robert Pedder and others were o wonder afterwards ifthe
influence of Eastern Kindred or geomancers had led Captain
Eliot into extracting such a paltry rancor from China. But
pethaps its sceming unimportance enabled the colony 10
survive well past the Victorian age, while other, prouder
possessions were lost.

Centainly, Hong Kong's insignificance helped the immi-
‘grant Westem Kindred survive unnoticed by their Easter
‘cousins long enough 10 firmly ensconce themselves in po-
sitions of power in mortal society. The Taipan and his allies
wars constantly on guard against Kindred infileting from
the north, and over a dazen were exterminated or expelled
uring the first 50 years of colonization, Meanwhile, the
British bolt up their enclave withall the imperial necessities:
« palatial mansion for the Governor, a body of laws and
‘bareaveracy, churches, clubs, hotels, an esplanade along the
‘waterfront... The population reached 100,000 before 1870,
‘and 600,000 by 1920.

"There were tensions in ine colony. Government aval
basiness had a rivalry that continues today over importance,
‘grandeur, wealth and status. Racial segregation was the rule
‘until after World War Il; occasionally ant-colonial sentiment
f tne Chinese majority flared imo violenve against West-
‘emers. Despite racism and ill-treatment, many Chinese
prospered and were more or less accepted by the white elite.

In 1860 England acquired Kowloon, the tip of China
across the harbor, In 1898, more breathing room was added
inthe form of the New Territories, with an area of 390 square
niles, increasing the colony's space tenfold. ‘The New
‘Territories were leased for the finite span of 98 years, and
‘without them modem Hong Kong could not hope to survive,
‘Though on paper Hong Kong and Kowloonare grantedto the
British crow forever, asapractical mater the New Territories
Jease started a long countdown to the end of the colony.
Again, some Kindred believe the hidden hand of Chinese
‘Vampires influenced the negotiations.

‘Trade continued with China; the great merchant houses of
Hoeg Kong had a near monopoly on trade withthe southern
provinces. Around the tum of the century, additional con-
cessions were wrung outof China by the foreigners, including
‘more territory andincreased footholds inthe portof Shanghai.
Indeed. Shanghai ectipsed Hong Kong in importance for 2
time; however, the new lands didnot remain in foreign hands
for long, and all Westerners were gone from Shanghai by
15949,

Kindied of the Westaticenptod to cotablish Domaine inthe
‘new ports, but on the mainland the Easter Vampires were
Prepared and had strength of numbers. Only a few members
‘of the Camarilla escaped with the knowledge and artifacts
they sought; the rest, including powerful Elders, either per-
ished outright or vamished without x trace.

—

Hong Kong was invaded and quickly conquered by the
Japanese during World War l. A few thousand were Kiled,
landmarks were destroyed, Europeans were held prisoner in
Stanley and a shrine to the Japanese Emperor ws erected,
‘The Cainites then living in thecolony feared vengeful Ease
Kindred wouldaccompany te mvading amy, Someentcrea
the earth to escape (rumor says. few sleep there stil), but the
threat proved false. {any Japanese Vampires came, they did
‘not show themselves. Hong Kong was stil relatively small,
‘and unimportant; ts occupation probably cost the Japanese
‘more than they gained.

{twas after the war that Hong Kong began to truly live up
‘pits potential. Reconstruction was rapid, and following the
‘Chinese Revolution, refugees began to flow into the colony,
and attendant embargo on trade with China threatened Hong.
Kong's primary means of support. Rather than suffer, the
island tumed to manufacturing (often sweatshop style) and
finance, prospering more than ever,

As the number of refugees increased, the Vampire estab-
lichment of Hong Kong became hard-pressed to screen out
any Eastern Kindred trying to slip into the colony. Few were
discovered; certainly some must have made it. Noone knows
how many are now living secretly om the island; the Elders
hhope the number is small. and it seems likely that the
Eastemers are waiting for 1997 to make their move.

In 1984, the fourth Anglo-Chineso treaty on Hong Kong
‘was signed after years of negotiation. ‘The British agreed to
hhand over the colony to Chinese rule in 1997; for their par,
the Chinese promised to preserve Hong Kong's capitalist
society and economy for at least 50 years, Many of the
colony's residents are skeptical and plan to take their money
‘lsowhere. Not the least of those fleeing Hong Kong are
‘many of the Kindred Elders, who also fear the arrival of
mysterious Eastem Vampires,

‘Today, despite its uncertain future, Hong Kong stands as
‘4 monument to both the strengths and weaknessess of the
‘entrepreneurial spirit of mankind, A modern city-state with
‘one of the world's busiest harbors, every Wester service
and luxury is available (often duty-free) in an enviroament
‘mat has paradoxically shetiered traditional Chinese cukuse
{from the upheavals ofthe maintand. Vibrant, dynamic, with
‘adarkand dirty underbelly, Hong Kong isan exciting sting
fora great Vampire story.

SS
A Walk Across Hong Kong

Central

A visitor to Hong Kong, ariving on a Star Ferry from the
airport in Kowloon, would most likely disembark in the
‘Central District, the downtown hub of commerceand finance.
Giant office towers compete with luxury hotels for dominance
over the skyline, Hundreds of thousands of workers swarm

Hong Kong 89

down its sidewalks and over its pedestrian bridges and
skywalks during theday. In many ways, Central seems wo be
sade in the mold of any number of Westem financial
districts: Wall Street, the City in London. Stil, there are
‘reminders ofthe East: small Daoist wemples tucked between
skyscrapers, Buddhist heritages on the top floors of office
buildings, and the bamboo used for scaffolding during con-
struction,

‘Central houses much of the apparatus of montal govern
‘ment like the parliamentary Legislative Council and count-
Jess bureaucratic boards and commissions regulating ev-
¢zyQhing from zoning and banking wo street vending and park
‘cage. Hong Kong has never been democmtic. The governor
‘of the colony has ultimate, dictatorial authority; be can
‘overturn decrees of the Legislative Council ignore the advice
of his Executive Council, and generally answer to no one
except the Secretary of State in London.

‘Of course, matters are not quite so simple, Corruption is
‘ot only common, itis a way of if. Especially in the Gothic~
Punk reality, everyone is for sale; the dollar speaks louder
than the govemor. Favors are traded between friends, family,
and distantly related clan members: most individuals are at
the center ofa complicated net of obligation, payor, graftand
‘epotism,

(Central District is also home to the supernatural govern-
ment. Robert Pedder, Prince of Hong Kong, hides his

administration in 9 nondescript aud rather rundown offke
building off Murray Road. Pedder, a seventh generation
Ventrue, was a British soldicr Embraced in the late 17h
‘century. He moved with the expanding frontiers of empire,
‘and came to Hong Kong soon aficr its birth, following &
‘mortal descendent out of curiosity. Pedder Street in Central
isnamedafier this descendent, th island's firstharbormaster,

Podder, known locally as the Taipan, has shaped the
‘growth of the colony troughout its history. Early on, he
established a successful trading venture of his own and
‘controled the harbor operation and other merchant compa-
‘ies through selective Domination and blackmail, Heis well
Juowit among other Princes nd the high society of the
Camarilla and is considered a contender for the office of
‘Ventrue Justicar, Pedder played a major role in the great
‘boom that Hong Kong experienced in the 1950s and 60s. His
salesnumhip and guarantees persuaded many Elders across
‘the world o invest in the island's businesses and move their
assets to Hong Kong's banks, where they would be safe from
investigation,

‘Today, the Taipan's influence is nearly omnipresent in the
‘mortal community. His tendrils extend into the government,
the underworld, religion, and especially shipping, finance,
and commerce of all kinds. Hong Kong is one of the safest
destinations for s Vampire who goes by freight; Pedder
‘makes sure that no Cainite is uncrated in daylight by customs
officials,

‘The Taipan has a fairly sizable Brood, all European, who
help him administrate his empire. His most feared servants
‘make up the infamous Ghoul Squad. These heavies, not all
‘of whom are actually ghouls, go about during the day looking
for Kindred who sleep on Hong Kong Island without the
rimogen's permission. Despite its crowded condition, there
have always been more Kindred sccking Havens on Hong
Kong than the Elders feel the mortal population can support.
‘The Taipan's Ghoul Squad has convinced! many younger
Licks that despite the threat of Eastem Kindred, Kowloon is
a safer place to reside,

Pedder is solid traditionalist, a proud citizen of the
British Empire, tamiahed and shrunken as iis way. He is
‘often chided by other Elders for his preoccupation with
mortal society and politics. He feeds only on non-white
"natives"; for many years, he would not allow Kindred to
‘reate rion white Progeay. THis racisi has its root in fear Of
‘others, His fear ofthe Eastern Kindred is equaled only by his
capitalists hatred of the Chinese Communists,

Many tourist attractions can be found in Central, including
‘Statue Square (which today holds only a single statue), 2
Cenotaph to the colony's war dead, and St. John's Cathedral.
Haunting these places and their attendant gift shoppes is
Gerald, Gerald is a Matkavian who plays the partof the ugly
‘Americantounst tothe hilt. Healways wearsa flowered shirt
‘and several cameras on neck straps.



Pedder and other Elders believe he is not as mad as he
seems and is working for someone, perhaps even the Eastern
Kindred. They would like to be rid of him, but the Ghoul
Squad has never been able to locate his Haven, and if he is
‘molested at night, he will scream for the police and the
American consulate. Since Gerald is usually mingling in a
crowd of real tourists, attempts to eliminate him always end
when he starts a commotion.

Stories in Central

1: The characters, seeking wealth through some kind of
‘business opportunity, meet with great initial sacrese. How
ever, they discover too late that a company they justtook over
‘was one of the Taipan's prize possessions. Was an Elder
greasing the wheels for them as part of aplotio getat Pedder?

ican bea great nuisance, popping up to snap &
picture of a character engaged inthe act of feeding, trying to
haggle outrageously with a shopowner Kindred, or bringing
4 busload of mortals from Ohio for a "Your" of & chara
Haven. Later he may prove to be dangerous as well as
annoying.

Ut the characters are new arrivals in Hong Kong,
scconding to Tradition they must Present themselves to the
‘Taipan, In fact, tho Talpan delights n having new Kindred
seat directly 1a his office before they ae unerated, catching
them off balance and impressing them with his power. Many
players will be quite annoyed.

Wanchai

‘Standing on the edge ofthe harbor, less than a block from
‘2Star Ferry terminal, is Hong Kong'sproudnew Convention
andExhibition Centre. Allaroundit, along Harbour Road, st
other modem cultural buildings, like the Hong Kong Acad-
‘my for Performing Ari; the Hong Kong Arts Centre, with
{galleries and performance halls; and the Muceurn of Chinese
‘and Historical Retics,

Businessmen and tourists from across the globe wander
the streets of Wanchai atall hours, Many seek nourishment,
and, like moat arcas of the city, Wanclisl contains a wide
array of restaurants. Almost any imaginable cuisine is
represented: Chinese (from a variety of regions), Indian,
Japanese, Korean, Burmese, five-star French, English pats,
"American fastfood ... Indeed, a visiting Parisian Toreador
‘was heard to lament, "The sun — that I can do without.
‘Agents ofthe Inquisition —Icanlive with them, Butt never
taste again fois de gras, or a fiery breast of wndoor chicken

. Ah! What good is immorality wben onccam taste only the
chet and not his creations?"

For the gourmet Kindred, an international smorgasbord of
mortal blood is most readily available a few blocks inland.
"The Convention Cenure and attendant hotels are built on a
landfill. To the south sa tightly-packed bar district, once the
wateefront, where sailors on shore leave cut loose and the
fictitious prostitute Suzy Wong plicd her trade. Behind its
glittering modern facade, Wanchai is home to the Rack.

‘Theestablishments run from the posh to the sleazy, but the
‘emphasis is on sleazy. Massages and other services are
available on the second stories of diny hostess bars run by
middle-aged Filipino women. Touts stand outside bars with
hhames like the Pussycat and the Rumpus Room, tempting.
passersby with claims of the most beautiful girls in town,
‘Those sorts of placee are favored by Neonates, Anarchs,
and other dregs of Kindred society. Most live in Kowloon or
the southern New Territories but "commute" to Hong Kong.
Island regularty, like Chen, an ex-pimp Nosferam, Chen
sleeps in subway tunnels and construction sitee in Kowloon
but often retums to his mortal haunts. He is quite well
{informed about the bar district, its people, and its under:
‘ground, from both his mortal life and Obfuscated snooping.

Although pechaps the most exclusive clubs are located in
Cenural, Wanchai has its share of places that cater to a more
sophisticated clientele. Joe Banama's, a bar and dance clab
whose DJs spin pop and classic rock tunes, sits om Luard
Read. Kindred who prefer high-rutierso the wendy will find
plenty of pinky-ringed VIPs sipping drinks by indoor foun
tains at Club Celebrity on Lockhart Road,

‘Ove common attraction is the karaoke bar. Originally a
Japanese craze, sing-along bars are now popular throughout
Asia. Patrons go up on stage and sing Chinese, Japanese, or
‘Wester songs (usually ballads) backed up by pre-recorded
instrumental music. Setups range from laser dise players

2 World of Darkness


completo with video screens displaying lyrics and light
shows to simple cassewe players with a microphone, Perfor
‘mance quality can be loud and drunken, but the singing
creates camaraderie among all the patrons.

ACainite of uncertain lineageand nationality, knownonly
as Tom, is a well-known karaoke singer, He frequents a
different bur every night, and not only is his voice superb, but,
his sage presence is electrifying. He often brings along his
ex-moral lover and Progeny, Carlos, to sing duets. Unfortu-
nately, Carlos couldn't carry a tune if his Unlife depended on
it

‘Wanchat fs the home of Hong Kong's Anarch community.
Its outstanding member is Lin Jun. Born in northern China,
Lin wasalready something of asorceress when, while visiting
Pari in 1909, the was taken by the Toreadorin a plotagainst
fe Tremere, By the yicatest of luck sic survived, but has
been fleeing ever since, ‘The Tremere would like 10 see ber
dead; they regard her as a traitor and a thief of knowledge.
ButLiniscrafty and powerful in both Tremere magic and ber
(own, unique sorcery. The Taipan refuses to help the Tremere
‘hunt hes, glad to see a thorn in the Warlocks' side.

Lin Jun is highly respected by the other Anarchs, espe-
cially those who know and understand her background. She
‘is aloof and prefers o study magic rather than gel involved in
Kindred politics. If she were to choose a more active role,

oy

many Anarchs would follow her; many young Licks are
"into" mysticism and Chinese magic, However, her attitude
{s domineering and intolerant (afte ll, she was Embraced by
‘a Toreador), and the younger Kindred would find ber leader.
ship chafing afters time,

Most of Hong Kong's Anarchs are also refugees, fleeing

Blood Hunis or other persecutions, ‘There are three promi

‘nent exceptions al the Get of Rabineon, whose Havens are
in Wanchai, Kwan Sze is a fanatical Nationalist; his strcet
‘gang has ties 10 both the Guomindang, the politcal party
defeated by the Communists in 1949 and now ruling in
‘Taiwan, and the 28K triad, which runs most of the penstins-
tion in tecity, Mai Lai claims to have royal blood (fom the
Ming dynasty); she is noted for her great beauty and sense of
style, Will is a hage, strong Samoan who is infamous for
making trip to Guangzhoa, well ince the Chinese borer
(end telling lies about hones of red-eyed demonic Eastern
Kindred). Although the throe have divergent interests, they
share a strong familial unity and look out for one another.

Relations between Anarchs, Taipan, and Elders have been,
quite strained in the past. The conflicts have commonly
‘centered around political and racial lines. ‘The last few years
have seen an casing of tensions as 1997 approaches. "The
‘Taipan's hated restrictions on Havens in Hong Kong will
<disappear along with his ral (or so the Anarchs hope). For
his part, Pedder sees no reason o risk himaelf opposing these
Fledglings in his final years in the East. Elders who are not
‘evacuating, lie the Tremere, hope they can leam about the
Eastcm Kindred by observing their contact with the bar
‘crawlers of Wanchai, They see the Anarchs as a buffer
between themselves and the unknown,

However, the Tremere may ben fora rude shock, If some
of the rumors whispered in the dark alleys and abandoned
‘warehouses of Wanchai are rue. Itis sad that some of Hong.
Kong's Anarchs, particularly Robinson's Brood, have beea
{n contact with the Easterners and have formed an allance.
‘With their help, the Anarchs believe they can overthrow the
od order once and for all.

Stories in Wanchai

1: Tom invites the characters to a karaoke bar. Will they
risk ridicule and sing? A group of Toreadors, come wo bear
‘Tom's string rendition of "Mack the Knife," ty wo kidnap
Carlos in order to keep him from ruining the show.

2: Kwan Sze asks the characters fochelp. He and is gang
arebeing watched by agents ofthe PRC. Is e just naranoid?
Perhaps the watchers are reporting to the Taipan or other
Elders about Kwan's relationship with Easter Vampires, ot
Perhaps they are Easter Vampires themselves

3: The charactors ncod a apll r object to lita curs, and
‘only Lin Jun has it. Are they being used as cat's-paws by the
‘Tremere as part ofa plo t get at her?

Hong Kong 93


Hollywood Road

Snaking through the Western District, following theeurves
of a hillside a half dozen blocks from the waterfront, is
Hollywood Road. Itis packed with curio shops, art dealers,
and antique merchants, whose wares spill out onto the side-
walk. The goods range from tacky stone tions and bronze
tigers suitable for lawn omaments to fine paintings, pottery,
and century-old furniture. Rarely, some of these stops may
‘come into the possession of arcane artifacts or books of lore,
‘Ope has to know who to ask, Scams are common, and prices
are extremely high for items of true value.

‘The shops on Hollywood Road close fairly early, but 8
different kind of merchandise can be found nearby at all
hours. A stone staircase across from the Man Mo Temple
teads toa narrow alley several blocks in length called Lascar
Row, of the Cat Street Market. Originally known as the
Thicves™ Market, this alley was once the main area for
fencing stolen goods, In Gothic-Punk Hong Kong, itretains
that character. Beneath run-down rooming houses and the
‘worst kind of brothels, sharp operators ofall types hawk their
wares on the cobblestone street. Their blankets are covered
with cheap jade and salvaged junk for show. Not openly
displayed but also for sale are guns. drugs. stolen merchan-
ise, policemen, judges, ID cards, arm-breakers, second-
sory men, and information. Caveat emptora.

The Mau Mo Temple which suns atthe entrance o Cat
Street dates from early colonial times, Itis dedicated to Man,
the god of lteramure, and Mo, god of war, Less widely known
is its strong association with the Ghosts of the Five Tigers
triad, The head priests usually one ofthe five wrad leaders,
and the triad headquarters is located in a warehouse immedi
atcly behind the temple.

‘The Ghosts of the Five Tigers, though they do control a
piece of Hong Kong's illicit gambling action and "protect"
the shopkeepers along Hollywood Road, are less a crime
‘gang than an occult secret society. ‘The Ghosts claim to have
roots as far back as 10th-ceatury Zhejiang province; today,
‘their members (Chinese, as anule) hold jobs and lead normal
lives at all levels of society. Initiates learn martial ans and,
atupperlovels, ritual magic. The iad leader, the Sonsof the
Five Tigers, ae accomplished geomancers and know some
extremely powertul rituals.

‘The goals of the Ghosts are not known to outsiders. They
‘know of the Kindred (and perhaps other supernatural enti-
tics), try wo stay out of their way, and expect the Kindred to
do likewise, Tho Tremere scoff at their mystical abilities and
regard the Ghosts as little more than a silly club, like the
Masons. Indeed, the Ghosts have their share of hand signals
and code phrases, and every member bears tattoo of a pale
tiger's paw.

‘There is one store, just off Hollywood Road, that is open
‘only at night. It seems like any other apothecary, offering
traditional Chinese medicines, betbs, and charms, bat looks
‘can be deceiving. Its proprietor, Gordon Smith, was once &
London physician. Atthe end of along life, he was Embraced
bya Malkavian, Though quite sanc in his early lif, senility
had taken ite tall hy tha tine of his Becoming.

Gordon moved o Hong Kong on theadviceofhis "friends,"
‘family of dark faeries who have "adopted" him. He delights
in their company, and isa willing accomplice in the practical
jpkes which the cruel and malicious faeries enjoy pullmg.
Often these jokes begin with an unusual potion sold to an
‘unwitting customer, and can end in serious loss, injury or
even death, In his senility, Gordon does not realize how
thoroughly he has boca Doutinated.

Stories in Hollywood Road

1: A shopkeeper has a wonderful item but refuses to sell
‘The characters are approached by a powerful Kindred (The
Baron or Aleksandra, sce below) and promised a great
rewardifthey can acquire it Ifthey try extortionor theft, they
‘will have to deal with the Ghosts, io whom the shopkeeper
Pays protection money: in fact, their employer might really
be using them to provoke the triad.

2: While shopping for an Uzi on Cat Street a characteris
offered a "special health drink." The peddlec disappears, and
‘the drink wiras out to be Vampire blood of an ancient vintage.
Where did it come from, and why is it for sale? Perhaps an
Elder is trying to Blood Bond the characters.

94 World of Darkness


3: (from outside HK) A faerie ally of the characters is
captured by Gordon's dark family. To end their friend's
torment, the characters must find and deal with the mad
Malkavian.

Aw Boon-haw Gardens

‘Off Tai Hang Road, near Causeway Bay, lie a labyrinth
‘of cement grottos, rocks, and stsirways, grotesque plaster
statues, and garish multicolored wall carvings that Mustrate
the torments awaiting sinners in Hell. The builder of this
‘monstrosity was Aw Boon-haw, a millionaire who made his
fortune from the sale of Tiger Balm, His statue stands atthe
top of the highest fake boulder, looking down on his Asian
Xanadu. The grounds are completed by a swimming pool
and a few more conventional flower gardens.

‘Aw Boon Gardens are closed at night, but the guard has
‘been Dominated so often that he lets Kindred enter with
barely a second glance, Anarchs enjoy partying at poolside,
and crueler Cainites have been known to release prey inside
and hunt them through its warrens.

‘A small cave near Aw Boon-haw's statue, in an off-timits
area, is the Haven of Subitai, a sixth-generation Nosferatu.
Subitai was a Mongol chieftain, noted forhis ferocity even by
‘ther Mongols. He was Embraced in Poland during the 13th
century. Subitai wandered the world, then settled down inthe
gardens soon after their completion in 1935; itpleases him to
liveina placeeven uglierthan hes. Subitsi's travels and age
have dulled the raw edge of his anger, but he has felt his
temper rising at the loud intrusions on his Haven by younger
Kindred,

‘Subitai hunts in a squatter's camp on the hillside near the
Gardens, Public housing projects were constructed in the
50s, providing shelter for the hundreds of thousands of
refugees fleeing Communist oppression. but the Taipan did
‘not wish to see such prime hunting grounds goto waste. He
blocked construction of cnough tenements that a half-dozen
good-sized shantytowns remain, allowing the Vampire
population of Hong Kong to be slightly higher than normal

‘Thorefugee slums ae places of squalor and despair. Here
are the old and sick, waiting to dic; children bon in camps
and knowing no other existence; the lame and. the blind:
scavenging dogs, seavenging mortals. Some have jobs, but
most are on welfare, Sanitation is practically nonexistent.

‘Not least among the afflictions of these camps are the half
<doren or 0 Caitiff that hive and huntin their confines. A few
‘may have been Lmbraced by other Caitift, but most were
Sired by George Robinson. Robinson, a British Brujah,
knew the Taipan before Pedder arrived in Hong Kong,
Robinson came to the island around the turn ofthe century,
atte Taipan‘s invitation, Hor years Robinson was a strong
ally, and helped Pedder consolidate his power over new
Kindred arrivals,

‘tthe same time, Robinson developed a growing admira-
tion for the Chinese people and culture, He began collecting

Porcelains, learning Cantonese, and making friends among
the native intelligentsia. The racist Taipan tolerated his
friend's new obsession, even allowing him to create some
Chinese Progeny. After the Chiness revolution, though,
Robinson became a Communist and the relationship soured.

By 1960, Robinson was calling for a simultaneous revo-
lution against both Kindred and kine authority. He gained a
few allics, uuinly anmong dre small Anarch Community of
Kowloon. However, his support quickly evaporated, and the
Taipan gave him a choice: exile or destruction.

Robinson lef for Macao, but came back in 1967, atthe
beight of Cultural Revolution-inspired anti-British riots. He
posed as one ofthe thousands of new refugees fleeing the new
terror in the north, in order to arrive unnoticed. He spent
month in the camps, and, taking a page from the Sabbat's
book, Embraced as many refugees as be could. Robinson's
attempt to create an army of proletariat Kindred failed. The
riots died down, a Blood Hunt was quickly called, Robinson
was destroyed, and most of his inexperienced Caitff were
slain within a few years,

Since then, the Taipan has encouraged all Cainites to hunt
and destroy the remaining Caitiff, The few remaining are the
strongest and wiliest. Young Kindred still occasionally stalk
them, hoping to drink the blood of an earlier Generation
Many of these would-be practitioners of Diablerie have met

Hong Kong 95


their Final Deaths at the claws of the dirty, depraved, and
desperate Caitiff of the slums.

Stories in Aw Boon-Haw and Refugee
Camps

1: Toreador generally despise the Gardens; many feel
physically ill when viewing their garish splendor. One
Toreador (a player of Storyteller character) has an epiphany
intheGardens one night and stars claiming thatthe vulgarity
of the depictions of Chinese hell only enhances their artistic
‘value. Her bold statements create a crisis in the Toreador
community, with most Artistes vehemently denying the
worth of the Gardens and the Poseurs trying to turn the
dlispate to their advantage. Can a new trend be started?

2: The Taipan and other Elders suspect Subitai serves
Eastern masters, Atthe very least he travelod in China inthe
teens and 206, and may have valuable information, They
send a young Nosferatu cheracter, with or without the
character's knowledge, to try to get inthe cranky Mongols
00d graces and find out more,

3: A character or mortal friend of a character receives
wor that long-lost relative is living ina refugoe camp. The
relative is frightened of a dark figure that seoms 10 be
{following him at night. When the characters encounter some
‘of the refugee Caitff, wil they take pity orbe tempted by the
Jureof Amaranth? Arethe old mortal bonds of family strong,
‘or will new ties be forged in the world of the Kindred?

The Jockey Club

‘At three inthe aftemioon every weekend, thoroughbreds
thunder down the track at the Happy Valley racecourse,
nestled in betwoen the island's two hills and overlooked by
ancestal graveyards, Races have run on the site since the
cailiest days of the colony. Staggering sums are gambled
daily; rich and poor alike are obsessed with horse racing.
‘But while the poor pack the bleacher seats, therich watch
this ponies ran above the masses in the luxurious surround
ings of te Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club, The Jockey Club
isa social conter for Hong Kong's powerful elite. Its twelve
stewards are retired multimillionaire merchant kings. Its
sultiple vetaurants and bars are packed with bankers, gov-
ernment bigwigs, visiting dignitaries and shipping magnates
‘making deals over their cigars and brandy. It is said tht the
Jockey Club isthe true seat of government in Hong Kong.
Indeed, one quiet room on the top floor is the peimary
meeting place of the Primogen of Hong Kong. In addition to
the Taipan (who can often be found atthe Club gambling on
‘Wednesday night races), the Primogen includes the Tremere
Aleksandra, the Toreador known as the Baron, the Nosferatu
Subitai, and, when he cares to atiend, the Gangrel Gwyedd.
Hong Kong's Primogen functions much like any other.
‘The Elders have divergent interests and rarely step on each

‘others' toes; they are united by concer for enforcing the
Masquerade. There have been a fow squabbles over the
‘granting of Hong Kong Havens to favored Ancilla as wellas
arguments between Pedder. Aleksandra, and the Baron over
possession of occult books and items recovered from the
‘mainland, The impending evacuation by Pedder, the Baron,
thelr cronies, and other Kindred has lessened the friction in
‘both areas, although the Baron fears thatthe Tremere may try
to sical some of his collection just before he leaves. Their
‘departure is sure to change the structure ofthe Primogea, and
the Tremere plan to grab most of the power while they can.
‘The lackey Club is part of the Elysium, Othor places in
Hong Kong off limits for feeding or conflict include the City
Hall and Hong Koog Club in Central, the Hong Kong Arts
Ceatre in Wanchai, the University of Hong Kong in Western
Dictrit,the Victoria Peak Gardens, and, unasuslly, a hots
the Mandarin Oriental, 5 Coanaught Road, in Central. Opened
in 1963, the Mandarin is clogant, refined, discreet, and
blessed with excellent service. It has a reputation as one of
the best hotels in the world. Important emissaries from the
‘Camarilla and visiting friends ofthe Elders usually ride ost
the day in its tasteful rooms. ‘The hotel manager has some
knowledge of the nature of these visitors, and personally
‘ensures that his "special gueste" havea safe and pleasantstay.
‘Other big hotels, the Convention Centre, the Hong Kong
and Shanghai Bank, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, ans

96 World of Darkness


‘othercenters of business and commerce are not officially part
of the Elysium, despite the Taipan's many requests. How-
ver, Kindred who hunt excessively in such places or do
anything w disrupt the flow of money into and out of the
colony will face the Taipan's wrath,

Coaain institutions in Kowloon on the mainland (the
‘Hong Kong Cultural Centre, the Science Museum, the Chi
nese University, and the Hong Kong Museum of History) are
‘ominally part of the Elysium, The Elders rarely make the
trip, duc to fear of Chinese Vampires. Sul, these laces are
under the protection ofthe Primogen, snd lesser Kindred tend
to respect their sanctity.

Stories at the Jockey Club

1: The character, perhaps with criminal backgrounds, bet
‘on. sure thing atthe racetrack. Amazingly, their fix fails; a
bieger fix was in. Is an Elder at work?

‘The manager from the Mandarin has a problem:
tabloid reporter keeps bothering staff and snooping about
Suite 666, Here's the chance for the characters to do the
‘Taipan a favor, and perhaps meet a Justicar or other Cama
sila higshat i

3: Ifthe characters have Status in the Camarilla or serve
the Prince of another city, there are any number of matters
they could be sent to discuss with the Elders of Hong Kong:
sightingsof Asian Vampires, business deals, or the pursuit of
a wanted fugitive,

Victoria's Peak

‘A view of Hong Kong Island from a boat in the harbor is
dominated by the twin hills which soar above the water,
sindded with high-tise condos and squat tenements. The
‘western hill is the highest, both literally at 788 feet and
figuratively as the most lite residential districtin the colony;
itremained whites-only until well imto the 20th century.

‘Victoria's Peak can be reached by road or by the Peak
‘Tram, which departs from near St. John's Cathedral in
‘outlying Central District and runs all night.

‘A wall: around Harlech and Lagard Roads, which circle
the Peak, offer breathtaking panoramic views ofthe city and
hastor a5 well as glimpses of bungalows and mansions set
back nthe greenery, Among the millionaire philanthropists,
‘movie stars, drug lords and hank presidents that dwell ia
these rarfiod surroundings arc the Havens of the most
powerful Kindred of Hong Kong.

Just off Lugard is Skyhigh, the palatial Haven of Baron
‘Tomas Essex, The Baron, as he is commonly called, isa
Sixth-Generation Toreador. He is known as a patron and
collector of the arts inthe mortal community; the extentof the
collection stored in his neo-Moorish Fortress would stun any
hhoman dealer who knew. For the Baron, collection is @

‘mania; be will collect anything, of any value, without much
regard for antstic quality or rarity (though some of his
possessions epitomize both). His vaults hold so much
treasure that he employs three full-time assistants who
‘catalogue and care or itall — and appreciateitforhim,some
say. The Baron's Lineage includes talented artists and
performers, two of whom live at Skyhigh.

‘A much lower-Key but stil large bungalow on the south
«de of the Peak houses the Tremere Chantry. ‘The ranking
member is known only as Alekssndra, a magician of great
skill and iron will. Her powers have increased with know!-
‘edge gained during nearly 3 century of dwelling in the Far
East, Sheis one ofthe Tremere's best outside Vienna, forthe
‘Clan views the "Eastern problem" as one of the utmost
importance. Whether the Eastern Kindred area threatto Clan
‘Tremere's plans of domination orcanbe used to furherthem,
the Clan Elders will not be caught flat-footed,

Accordingly, they have chosen a plan of strength and have
bbeen slowly building up their presence in Hong Kong withan
‘eye towards '97, They plan to have at least a half dozen
Potent Kindred waiting to greet the Eastemers. Currently,
Aleksandra has tyo lieutenants: Franklin Reece and Beatrix
Bijou. Aleksandra favors Franklin, but he sccredly covets her
‘position and would not hesitate to embarrass or upstage er
before the Elders. Beatrix is loyal, but thinks Aleksandra
‘may be oo traditional and inflexible to deal with the unknown
Eastemers,

Much of the summits of the two hills are part of four
‘connected country parks. Roaming their ancient paths and
rocky slopesis the shaggy formof Gwyedd. A Gangrelof the
Fifth Generation, Gwyedd is so reminiscent ofthe React that
he has been mistaken for a Lupine at first glance. Other
Cainites stay out of these parks, for Gwyedd is believed to
require Kindred blood for sustenance, True of not, the
ancient Gangrel has a mean streak a mile wide and does not
appreciate intruders.

Lessor Gangrels can make their Havens in Victoria Park in
Causeway Bay, the Zoological and Botanical Gardens near
Ceara, or in vasivus yolf courses and cricket pliches. Most
choose to prowl in the New Territories, nearly half of which
is parkland.

Stories on Victoria's Peak

1: Thecharacters have a work of ant suitable for sale to the
Baron, One of his assistants denounces itas a forgery. Is The
‘Baron trying to cheat them, or were the characters ripped off
by their dealer?

2: An enemy of the characters wicks them into going into
one of the hilltop parks, where they will find out firsthand if
the rumors of Gwyedd's Diableric are tue.

3: Ifthe characters are Tremers, they could be sent to
Hoong Kong to strengthen the Chantry. Altematively, they
could be sent by another clan (like the Ventmic) to keep an eye
(on the Warlocks,

Hong Kong 9"


The South Side

Behind the hills ties a more undeveloped and sparscly-
populated countryside, The village and harbor of Aberdeen
have teen modemized and now include amusement parks
and bellianily lit Hoating restaurants. In the even more
‘overpopulated Gothic-Punk Hong Kong, additional urban-
ication lan taken place,

But even in this dark world, scenes of natural beauty
abound on the South Side. Stanley remains a small fishing
village, its only tourist attraction a street market whero
dcsignerlabel counterfeits are sold. Sandy beaches aro
packed with bathers on weekends; small coves, once pirate
hideouts, line the shore. Outside of Aberdeen, the nightlife
{s minimal; fow Kindred can be found,

‘One exception is Virginia Brown. Embraced in the 19th
century while stills toenager, this Brujah fled New York City
after the Sabbat takeover. Now she soeks Goleonda in an
unused maintenance shed adjoining the butterfly house in
‘Ocean Park, Aberdeen. An unlikely location in which o seek
salvation, perhaps, but Virginia has nearly reached the end of
her quest.

Another Cainite who frequents the South Side is Lars
‘Thorwald, A Gangrel with 2 mystical bent, he has been
hoping to make contact with a tribe of sea sprites who
sometimes play and dance inacove near St. Stephen's Beach.
Since the faeries only appear during the day, and even then
‘only rarely, Thorwald's mission has not been easy. On
auspicious days, he dresses from head to toe in heavy cloth-
lng and risks serious burns by going to the cave just before
‘wllight So far, the aby faeries have avoided him.

‘Staying atthe resort in Repulse Bay are three agents of the
People's Republic of China. Posing as sport-fishing eauhw-
siasts and business consultants from America, their assign-
‘wxcat involves tracing the complicated financial webs that
link the big banks, merchant houses, and government agen-
cies. Although they have no knowledge of any supernatural
beings, they have begun to realize that vast portions of Hong.
‘Nong' wealtt are controlled by one or mare behind-the-
scenes operators (the Taipan). The agents are potentially
highly trained witch-bunters with vast resources behind
them, should they stumble onto the existence of Vampires.
‘So ar, niher Kindred nor Kine suspects their true identity,
unless they are known to Vampires of China,

Stories on the South Side

1; Characters with an interest in faeries might hear about
the sea sprites and decide to investigate. Undoubtedly they
willencounter Thorwald. Will he welcome their aid or resent
‘ear interference? Can the benign faeries find common
‘round with the Undead?

2: The characters reveal themselves to the Chinese agents,
‘who have been watching them in their service to the Taipan's

financial empire, ‘They will be in serious trouble, and might
find themselves captured and sent to Beijing for suidy.

3: While seeking Gotconda, the characters might hear
about Virginia and ask ber for aid and advice. She would be
uch easier to locate than 2 member of the Inconnu,

Islands

Hong Kong Island is part of an archipelago of over two
hundred islands. Most arc small, rocky, and uninhabited.
‘Others are home to fishermen and Hakka boat people who
‘anchor their sampans (small, two-oared tishing skits) in tiny
harbors.

Some of the larger islands are popular weekend getaway
spots, with beach resorts, lover's nests for rent, and open-ber
pleasure crises on the way. By far the most outstanding
pleasure island is Macao. The earliest European stronghold
‘along the China coast, Macao is distant from Hong Kong, but
high-speed hydrofoil ferries make the trip a short one, The
main atractions of the tiny island are its casinos. Other than
horseracing, gambling is illegal in Hong Kong itself; therich
And desperate who seek high stakes flock to Macao'scarpeted
roulette rooms daily.

‘Asa Portuguese possession, Macao has historically been
refuge for those who have difficulty with the Hong Kong
authorities, The Taipan has afew agents there to keep an oye
‘on things, bat his rule, too, does not reach Macao, and
‘Kindred flecing his wrath have been known to hole up there,
Veroniqued' Orleans has done justthat. Anallyof Robinson's
during the 60s, this beautiful Brujah has since become
disillusioned with socialism. She still maintain some tes
with Robinson's brood and will undoubtedly be a major
player in the scramble for power following the Taipan's
departure; she may even be in contact with Chinese Kindred.

OF a different character catively is the holy island of
Lantau, Several Buddhist monasteries and convents are
located on its slopes. The grandest is the Po Lin Monastery,
‘complete witha34 meter high bronze Buddhaandrollerrinks
in tho nearby Tea Gaudcns. The last few reimaining Chinese
"Trappists dwell in the more modest Trappist Haven of Our
Lady of Joy on Lantay. (A branch ofthe Christian Cistecian
‘onder founded in France, Trappisis live extremely ascetic
lives and take a vow of silence.) lis sumored that at ancient
Malkavian tives among their silent ranks, selling milk and
‘cookies to tourists.

Ona tiny, barren island near Lantau is a small cave which
‘shelters Cassius, a Nosferatu Inconnu. Cassius" Obfuscate is
‘difficult for even an Antediluvian to penetrate, one reason he
‘was chosen to observe the expected arrival of the Eastern
Kindredin'97. He lives off the blood of fish and seabirds and
hhas no contact with the lesser Cainites of Hong Kong,
although be has aided Virginia in her quest for Golconda.

Ferry services run regularly between the major islands.
"Those who put to sea in a wind-powered hoat — yacht ar
Junk — could encounter the ghostly vessel of T'o Ngoh. A

8 World of Darkness


pirate captain who met his end at the guns of the Royal Navy
{in the late 19th century, T'o Ngoh still cruises the waters of
tho Peat! River Delta with a crow of ghostly buccancers.
Ngoh can magically take the wind out of « ship's sails, and
‘when his shimmering war-junk approaches, most mortals are
ttorally frozen with terror. His pirates then board and rob tbe
numbed passengers.

Or course, ie ghosts have no use for maceriat wealth, Dut
they act out the behavior pattems learned in life. Ngoh and
his mea will recognize jewelry, cargoes like sugar or drugs,
and even paper money a8 loot, but credit cants, electronic
‘goods and iber 20h conuury wealchare ignored. Tne pirates
usually only attack vessels with non-Chinese crews and
passengers, Ngoh is especially hostile wo European military
(or naval personnel, who would be unlikely to survive an

‘Victims are unable to remember exactly what happened,
conly that they fell asleep and awoke to find their wallets
‘empty. Dreams of distant cannon fire, grappling hooks, and
pale, sword-waving Chinese are sure to haunt them for
works,

Stories On Other Islands

1: A millionaire invites the characters for a cruise on a
yacht. To Ngoh attacks, and the characters are helpless
‘against the ghosts. "The players have an incentive to lea
‘more about local history, legends, and folk magic: there is a
festival on Cheung Chao island during which huge towers of
‘sweet bunsare built o keep away ghosts, and also a "hungry
ghosts" festival on August 23. Ifany characters are beautiful
women or young boys, they might be taken as booty, leading
oarescue attempt. But where do phantom buccancers make
their hideout?

2:"The charucters might go to Macao for many reasons at
‘a messenger to Veronique from the Anarchs, or asa spy for
Pedder. A trip to Macao is an excellent opportunity to get
them even more tangled up in Kindred intrigues. The Taipan
will cevtainly euspect them of working with the Anarchs,
coven if they just wanted 10 gamble and do not know about
Veronique. "Macao is also the logical place for Easter
Kindred to contact them, offering positions of power in
senurn for aid in "97

Geomancy

Geomancy, the art of feng shui (wind and water), is a
common part of life in Hong Kong. Pant aimism, part
engineering, part superstition and part community activism,
feng shui deals with the balance between theartificialand the
‘atural, yin and yang, in order to keep the earth spirits happy
sand farm animals healthy. Even the ast affueaw banker
‘must consult a geomancer during the design of his new
‘branch office; if the construction disturbs the feng shui,
workers will walk off the job and customers will stay away.

its practical applica-
tion, A geomancer may declare that a building must face in
certain direction, thatacertain number of windows must be
placed on the south side, that sewer lines must run under this
‘idgeand not that one; colors, proportions, shapes and angles
‘may all be dictated. Geomancy is handed down by word of
‘mouth from generation to generation; in recent year, many
geomancers have become secularized, without any real su-
ematural knowledge. Some even use computers

‘Suill, a few can use the disciplines of Auspex and Thau-
‘maturgy. Common paths include Geomancy (described
below), Spirit Thaumaturgy. Weather Control and Neptune's
Might. Most powerful gsomancers hide their true knowledge,
and will only create permanent enchantment for astronomical
costs, a good cause, oF both.

‘There aro many other forms of religion in Hong Kong.
Buddhism is common, Buddhism, founded in ancient India,
‘has many believers of different creeds, sects, and nations;
Buddhism teaches that the material worldisa trap, adistraction
that provente spiritual development. Reincarnation binds «
soul 1o material existence, and is not necessarily a reward.
While some Buddhist individuals might possess a Faith
‘ating, the religion seems unlikely to produice either witch:
hunters or spellcasiars (although you never kaw). If you
wish wo add more magic and mystery to a local religion, try
the worshippers of Tin Han. Tin Hau isu god who protects
those who make their living from the sca: fishermen, sailors,
windsurfers, eto. On an island teritory, obviously, Tin Hau

Hong Kong 9


has a Jot of believers. Even the smaller islands in the
archipelago have n temple dedicated to him, and there are at
‘east a half dozen Tin Hau shrines on Hong Kong itself.

Geomancy Path

‘Ageomancer may bless orcurse an individual (Kindred or
ine), using or lowering the recepient's difficulty numbers
onallrolls associated witha specific Trait Fora blessing —
making the recipient luckier — the geomancer must oll his
Imeligeace + Manipulation agains the Trait + 2; wo place a
curse on an unwilling victim, the difficulty number is the
‘Traitandis resisted by the victim's Willpower. Ifsuccessfl
the difficulty numbers forall the target's actions using that
‘Tiaitare raised or lowered by the mumber of successes on the
casting roll. The goomancer must spend a Willpower point
whether he succeeds or fails.

Example: A geomancer wishes to help a 98-pound weak-
ling survive a firefight, "The goomancer must match ber
Intelligence + Manipulation of 7 against the weakling's
‘Stamina of 1+ 2 for a difficulty of 3. She gets 4 successes,
and whenever the weakling must make a Stamina roll (Soak,
{for example) his difficulty number is reduced by 4, Note that
‘only the difficulty numbers, not the Trait itself, are affected.
‘The weabling may only roll one die to Soak, and his oppo-
nents still ony noed to roll against a 4 (his Stamina + 3) in
‘onder to inflict damage ona hit. He's probably still going to
bleed quite badly,

Difficulty numbers can never be raised above 10 by a
sgeomantic curse, Ifthe Trait is a Knowledge, the difficulty
(o recollect a particular fact is not affected, but research or
other active processes are. The duration of the effect is upto
the Storclke's discretion but generally should mot last
longer than a scene, Physical contact (or Telepathy) is
required. With cach step in the path, the ability 10 affect
different traits is pained:

. Resistance to magic —
affects Willpower only

Fs ‘Any social Atribute

mes ‘Any physical Auribute

oF ‘Any Talent

"ee ‘Any Attribute or Ability

Geomaney Rituals

(Geomancers may use any Thaumaturgical ritual they can
learn, but they also have their own unique rites which give
permanence to their blessings and curses, Botched rol on
‘tuals lead to no spectacalar results but mean that all material
‘preparations must be started from scratch, The cost for these
[reparations can run into the thousands or even millions of
dollars for a large building.

Protect the Tomb — Ist level

‘A gravesite must be dug or constructed in a proper loca-
tion, with appropriate materials, and by selected workers.

100

Afiera body is interred, the geomancer conducts three-hour
ritual, buming incense and inscribing the grave with symbols.
‘Any later attempt to affect the dead mortal's spirit (through
‘Spirit Thaumaturgy or other means) has its difficulty increased
by 5. If the grave is physically altered or defaced, the
protection will be lowered according to the extent of the
damage. (This ritual has no effect on a Kindred or her
Haven).

Ward Magic — 2nd level

‘Through this ritual, the caster can create a charm for 8
sperifie person that will protect that person from hoetile
‘magic. The goomancer must construct a piece of jewelry,
usually an amulet, from expensive or rare materials (one
recipe calls for gold, ivory, birds' eggs, and ground crocodile
tecth). ‘Then in 15-minute rite, the charm is amuned to itz
‘wearer. The goomancer rolls for successes as if blessing the
‘wearer under the first step of the path, ‘The charm bearer will
‘beprotected by the number of successes for up to Two weeks.
‘Removing the charm breaks the spell.

Curse of the Outcast — 3rd level

‘This curse is powerful and long-lasting. The geomancer
must collect a pice of paper touched by Ure victim dally for
10days — any paper willddo, Each day, the geomancer must
'spend an hour writing on the paper, which is then burned. On
the 11th day, during which the geomancer must fast, 2 12-
‘bout tual is performed in the geomancer's worksbop. ALis
‘conclusion, the casterrolls against the victim's highest Social
Attribute (existed normally by Willpower), and the victim's
difficulty number for all social actions is increased by the
number of nucesases. The cirseis visible in a victim's aura.
It will gradually fade at the rate of about a point a month, or
‘more quickly if the victim leaves the geomancet's commu-
nity, where the effec is strongest.

Harmonize Building — Sth level

‘A potent cochantment, with this ritual a geomancer can
ower the difficulty numbers for a certain Trait forall indi-
viduals who use a certain building. ‘Ine geomancer must be
involved from the planning stages of construction and take
claborate steps to property site the building in the feng shui;
forstructures biggerthana small house, assistantsare required.
"The geomancy will add approximately 50 percent to both the
time and cost normally required for the construction, plus the
‘geomancer's fe, The sclected Trait must reflect the building's
function, For example, a stock exchange mightbe harmonized
so Jower the difficulty of sit Finance rolls,

Reports of The Chinese Vampires

{firstsawone ofthe blighters in August, 1922, in Shanghai
right off the Bund. We were on our way to meet an old Fu
‘Mancha type in the Old Town about an ancient mirror; our
resident Oxford sort thought itmight be something he'd read

World of Darkness


‘aboutin some dusty iome. We always travelledin strengthin
those days. There were plainclothed sepoys — native troops
~allaround our carriage,aloyal sidekickofmineandafew
Neonates riding up front. Well. they jumped us and gave us
4 good wolleping, Mostly morsals who looked just like the
‘common Chinaman until they had their knives in our sepoys
sand the Neonates. The carriage burst into a huge ball of
flame, 1 don't know how. and I beat a hasty retreat to the
Embassy. Isawone of themnear the burning carriage. Itwas
tall, with some kind of strange headdress and an avful,
demonic red face. No, I'm sure it wasn't a mask.

Well, pulled our a few years later after a few more auch
Incidents, The Tremere captured one in'25 or so, lt would
‘only say that it was the Third Judge of the Afterworld and
would get us on the other side or somte suck nonsense, Ut
didn't seems 10 feel hunger for vite, at least net for the
fortnight the warlocks managed to hold it. got loose, and
‘they had to kill it before it wrecked their Chantry,

— Charles Farthington, Clan Ventrue,
‘overheard in a private club in London

«research n folklore continues to be unfruitfl, We have
‘stablished that the Records of Strange Things were defi
nisely altered sometime between the 12thand l4th centuries.
We suspect that the Eastern Vampire society has been slower
tochange,atleastuntitrecenily.as my predecessor indicated.
There is much rooms for error, but the daia we have suggest
‘that Chinese Kindred do not create asmany Progeny as those
of the Camarila are wont to do. Whether this is die to
stricter social controtor some untnownphysical/sypernatural
shortcoming is not clear... We have devised a new model to
ssccours for the Thaumaturgy known by the Chinese Kindred.
They seem to have a tightly consrolied hierarchy, complete
withfloweryofficalttles, tismisleading tofocusexctusively
‘on the resemblance of this hierarchy 10 Chinese mortal
bureaucracy. We propose that they "administer" the spirit
worldinstead, and this isthe basisfor their practice of magic.
Ufthis model is correct, certainty their knowledge will prove
‘quite useful tothe Clan; itmay help us master spiritsonceand
forall

— excespt from a report from Aleksandra to the Couneil
of Elders in Vienna

«ai al yait Spare me your silly woman's gaspings. For
someone educated in the heartland of European civilization
ou are superstitious and naive. You see what you wish to
see, what your culture has taught you to expect. A hooded
‘figure at aroulette table, a sirange smell and a glimpse of a
{fox shed under the hood, the balfalling on double tera with
‘cach spin..Aha! The alien, mysterious, demonic Other, £0
diferent from you! How eagerly you lapped up is whisper-
ings of alliance!

Don't be surprised, Vero. when your new friends arrive
in'97, they throw back their hoodsand surn out be normal,
‘everyday children of Caine like you and me. Don't be
surprised they didit all with incense, asks,and magnets...

Hong Kong

— excerpt from a rant by Kwan Sze directed at
Veronique 4' Orleans

Hong Kong Facts and Figures

‘Total Population: Six million. On Hong Kong Island
itself there are just over two million residents.

Population Disteibution. 98 percent Chinescy 1 pesscot
‘ther Asian, l percent European and American, The Chinese
population is young (25 percent under 24 years old); about
‘half were bom in Hong Kong. Fourmain racesarerepeesented:
Punt (Cantonese), Hoklos, Hakkas, and Tankas,

Kindred Population: 22 on Hong Kong Island (plus
about five slum Caitiff), 20 oF more on the mainland.

(Currency: The Hong Kong dollar(SHK), which is pexed
to the US dollar, 7.5 SHK = 1 SUS

‘Language: English is the language of government; most
street signs etc are printed in both English and Cantonese (a
‘Cantonese or another dialect: many also speak atleast lithe
English, especially if well-educated or itis useful in their jobs
Ge. taxi driver, shopkeeper)
‘Transportation to Hong Kong: By ship w Vicwria
Harbour, by train from Guangzhou (and points beyond), o¢
by plano to Kai Tak Airport in Kowloon,
‘Transportation within Hong Kong: By car (left-hand
dive, and traffic is awful), subway and bus, ortaxi (taxis are
pentiful and rather cheap). ‘The famous rickshaw is almost
‘completely extinct. The Star erry crosses theharborbetween
‘Tsim Sha Tsui (in Kowloon), Central, and Wanchai regularly,
hours a day. There is also a cross-harbor munnel for cars.

a
Additional Traditions of the Taipan:

‘Thou shalt not cross the border into China, nor take any
action nor speak any words which might antagonize our
Eastem cousins,

‘Thou mustreportany sightings, knowledge, orencounters
‘with our Eastern cousins to thine Elders without delay,

Chronicle Notes

Ifyou are already running a Chronicle and wish to incor-
porate a story or two in Hong Kong, there are many ways 10
‘woduce the island 1o your players. If your characters are
alicady iubike (as in a Wanderers oF Refugees pe of
Chronicle), Hong Kong is logical stopover point for Kin-
‘dred travelling across the Pacific region because of its geo-
graphical location and the safety offered by the Taipan's
‘sont of shipping and air travel

In each area ofthe colony which is detailed in this guide,
‘one ofthe story suggestions i specifically geared towards a
campaign which is sot elsewhere. Some of these books

101


‘provide motivation for only a single Story; others could
‘provide the transition fora whole new phaseof your Chronicle.
you do decide to set Chronicle in Hong Kong, whether
8 continuation of a previous game or with a brand-new set
fof characters, it will be necessary for you to do the work
described in Chapter Bight of the Vampire rulebook.
Much of the seiting for your Hong Kong Chronicte is
sleeady described for you in thie guide. A travel book, such
88 Fodor's Hong Kong, will fill in many blanks. Maps and
‘more information can be obtained from the Hong Kong
‘Tourist Association, The HKTA can be reached at 590 Fifth
‘Avemne, New York, NY 10036; there are additional HKTA,
offices in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and Chicago.

If you are starting with new characters, consider restrict-
‘ng them wo a single clan, A Tremere group has potential, but
Secc-willed players would become restless. One of the
‘Taipan's lieutenants could have created the characters in
‘onder to help her take Peddet's place as Prince following his
Separture. If the players want to run Chinese characters,
‘mortal clan or triad ties could unify them. If your players
‘don"tmind being dirty and downerodden, they could take the
‘oles ofthe slum Caitiff seeking to better their lot.
‘Theplan for your Chronicle depends on your concept, but
im any set of Stories, 1997 looms in the future, Make sure

102

‘your players never forget that no matter what they accom-
plish, the Eastem Kindred may come screaming in tke
‘demons from hell and destroy everything. What really
‘happens is entirely upto you — they might infiltrate slowly,
‘or not even show up at all — but the players shout fee!
‘pressured to prepare whatever defenses they can. As the
various factions of Elders and Anarchs, Chinese and Euro-
‘peans scramble for advantage, the characters will have to
take sides sooner or later.

Hong Kong is a city of contrasts, and these contrasts can
‘bemade into powerful themes and motifs. The overarching
‘conflict between East and West can be wite if you draw it too
heavily. Look for smaller contrasts, like tich versus poor,
‘superstition versus science, efficiency versus tradition, tech

illustrate the East/West dichotomy or contradict it (there are
plenty of rich Chinese and superstitious Westerners).

Life in Hong Kong has frantic, chaotic quality w itwhich
‘you may wish to reflect in your Chronicle. Whenever the
players start getting comfortable, change gears, There arc
always more mysteries wo explore, whether they are on the
stock exchange or in a Buddhist hermimage,

World of Darkness


Hong Kong: Gaki

Written by Lee Gold, Art by John Cobb

(Recovered from a not quite thoroughly munged floppy
disk, found in Tokyo.)

{t's good thing this computer is battery-powered; Ican't
plug itin, Japan turns out to have 240 volt current. At least
‘my recharger will still work.

T checked into the youth hostel at 8:30 p.m, Tokyo time,
‘which is 1:30 pam. San Francisco time: ater the long flight,
sy head said it was bedtime, [woke up at3 a.m. starving to
death. { got dressed and went out to look for something wo eat.
‘The restaurants were all closed, but I found a row of vending
‘machines, all nicely labeled — in Japanese. {had a bunch
of hundred-yen coins, so I played three of them, Result: one
bottle of sake, one botle of mango juice, one can of iced
coffce with cream and sugar. I said thank you to the gods of
‘chance and drank all unree of them.

‘Then I heard a voice behind me say, "You need help
maybe? You are ost?" 1 turned around and saw a Japanese
‘guy ina black kimono, I wold him my story, and he said he
‘knew a place where I could get breakfast. Then he took me
toasubway station, We gotoffafew stops laterand wentinto
this big bullding, king an elevator to Floor 13. 1 said
‘something about bad luck and he laughed and told me that in
Japan the unlucky numbers wore 4 and 9.

{wasn't too surprised when the breakfast spot timed out
4 be his apartment, or even when breakfast tured out to be
scrambled eggs, a hamburger and white rice, with green tea
‘om dhe side.

By the time Id finished cating, 'dtold him about how my
‘parents had died ina planecrashand how I'd decided o spend
the insurance money by travelling swhile before I got a
‘boring job as a computer programmer, He told me his name
‘bat my tongue kept tripping over the syllables, soe told me
Teould call him Hey You, But I wrote it down and Pl pat it
inhere now: it's Heike Yusuke Saburo.

‘Then he put his arm around me and puilled me close and
fot his lips warm on my neck and my world turned upside
down. After that, we started the language lessons as he
‘sipped slowly at my blood, The Japanese word for lord is
daimyo: big name, ‘The English word for someone who's
‘dead but stil gets around and who drinks blood is vanpie.
asked him what the Japanese word for vampire was.

~The scholars say jiki-ketsu-gaki," he said. "Most people
jst say gaki. It means the hungry dead. It also means
spoiled child, Do you like my games?"

"t's the most exciting breakfast I've ever been to," Ttold
him,

A little before sunrise, he called a taxi for me. I went
downstairs to the first floor, but that was still one floor too
‘high, jast like in Engiand. They crive on the lelt side of the
road in Japan too, 1 started to open the taxi's door, and it
sprang out at me, Thad to jump back to keep from having it
hhit me. The driver has got a bution on his dashboard that
‘opens up the curbside door. 1 had the cab take me to the
Ginza. The driver wouldn't let me tip him; he sud it was all
the bill,

I spent most of the day shopping. The good silk kimonos
‘are more expensive than suits. I got one anyway. Early
‘evening, 1 took a wxi back wo the youth hostel and stored my
‘new goodies away, Then went out and had dinner before the

restaurants closedup. My spaghetti came witha side of white
tice,

‘Afterwards | went toa litle postage stamp park down the
street. The full moon was bright enough 10 type by 30 I
doubled hack to the youth hostel and got my computer. I'd
{gotten the first page of this diary written when I noticed the
woman standing next to me. She had short black haie and a
white blouse with dark grey jacket and skirt. Her eyes were

Hong Kong: Gaki 103


patil, Sho admised my computer, 1 saved iy file and
‘brought up one ofthe games Ihad on it, to show her, She sat
‘down beside me on the bench and let her head fall on my
shoulder as she watched me play. Each time I killed one of
the bad guys, she undid one of ber butions. Then she stated
aon my buttons, Aftera while, } turned off the computer and
‘we went into the shadows and she held me in her arms. Her
Ina was soft and warm as fur. Her lips were even warmer.
{1couidn't see the moon any more, just her eyes. Lcoukdn't
{eel the grass under me, just her hands on my skin, The world
started to driftaway, and my thoughts woukdn't hold ogether
for more than a phrase or two. { was too tired to do anything
but just We there-and feet Mer lips kissing me,
‘Then he came,

She snarledathim. He laughed and drew asword, Itshone
inthe moonlight. She ereuched on all fours, hissing defiance,
‘then ran off, sinuously graceful, her long tal lashing.

"Cats are bad luck," he told me, "Especially long-tailed
cones." He got me to my feet and put an arm around me to
brace me, I said something about the computer, and be
picked that up for me. On the way, be told me about cats.

‘The Japanese believe thatthe cat is the most ungrateful of
allanimals. "It was the only one who wouldn't come to say
goodbye to the Buddha when be lay dying. It was too
hardhearted and selfish. It wouldn't come until it had
finished washing its fur. By the time it got there, the Buddha
had died."

‘TheJapanese believe thatacat should have its tal trimmed
short when it's akitlen. Otherwise, it won't die of old age;
just get older and older until one day it figures out how to
transform into.a human being. "Sometimes they choose the
form of a beautiful woman," he told me, "Sometimes they
take the form of someone they've studied: your best friend
‘or your grandmother or your boss. They like having sex; they
also like giving orders." But transforming into a human
<doesn'tcome freeto them: they use uptheirki,theirlife force,
to do it. They recharge their ki by sucking it out of some
victim, Like me,

Ry the time he'd finished we were back at his apartment
house again. hadn't seemed that close the night before.
‘Tumedidn't seem to be moving atthe same rate now. [looked
‘at my watch as we rode up the elevator and it was 9 pm. the
next time Hooked it was ? a.m

‘That morning, when [left he gave me a book of matches
‘with & map on it showing the apartment building and its
address in Japanese. "If you come back tonight," he said,
"Doing aloug anyding you don't want w Jose ack of."

1 went out that day and played tourist. litle before
sunset, I went back to the youth hostel. [paid my bill and got
‘my duffel bags. I got another taxi and showed the driver the
‘matchbook, and be took me w the aparument building.
‘brought this travelogue up to dats in the lobby. When I'm
done, I'm going wo go up to the 13th floor,

104

{don't know what'll happea from then on in, batt know
{ig won't be boring.

The Gaki

Buddhism teaches that after death people reincamat into
‘one of the Six Realms of Existence. Some go toa heaven or
ahellorto the Realm of Fighting Spirits. The rest reinearnate
{nto our mortal world: some as humans or animals and some,
for their sins, as Gaki, hungry spirits.

‘Buddhist lore lists many different sorts of Gaki besides tho
Jiki-Lowo, the blood suckers. There are dhe Jiki-nika who cat
flesh, the Jiki-da who eat tears; the Jiki-fun who eat excre-
‘ment; the iki-doku who eat poison; tho Jiki-fu who cat wind:
the Jiki-ke who eat smells; and the Jiki-ka who eat fire.

‘The only known Gaki are the jiki-ketsu. They claim their
bloodline stems from the firsthom child of Izanagi and
Tzanamni, the Kami who created Japan. Japanese legend
records that when these two first experimented with sex, the
‘female Kami initiated it, and their child was a blood-sucking
leech, The next time, the male Kami initiated sex and their
child was Amaterasu, the Kami of the Sun, the founder of the
Japanese Imperial Line. Some Gaki harmonize this myth
‘wath Westem Vampiric lore by equating Izanugi with Caine
and Izanami with Lilith, Adam's first wife, the Semitic
demon goddess who sucked children's blood by night. They
therefore consider Japan to be the original Land of Nod.

‘The standard Gaki initiation is held in a Gaki Buddhist
temple, in frontof the bloodparents' friends and kindred. The
‘new Gaki swears an oath of loyalty to the bioodparent for at
least one lifetime and to-the parent's Daimyo for seven
lifetimes, The priest officiating then creates an ihai, =
‘memorial tablet, bearing the Blood Name of the new Gaki.
‘After the ceremony, this is kept in the temple. Due to the
‘powerful psychological and mystical factors involved inthe
ritual, repudiating the oathswom during the ceremony causes
«a Derangement if not a loss of Willpower as well.

‘The new Gaki may undergo four ot five years of euphoria
in which social rales seem meaningless, much like the
Japanese university stident who revels in academic freedom
and then, after graduating and getting a job, seules down,
Pechaps this early maturation is due to being oathbound. In
any case, 2 Gaki is accepted as a responsible member of
immortal society almost immediately after becoming initiated.
But until every mortal friend or relative or lover has died, a
young Gakiis sil called a wakamono, an apprentice, bound
by tes of affection ar much to the mortal aslo the immortal
world.

‘Most Gaki are samurai, athbound to a daimyo, A Gaki
who is not oathbound to a daimyo is called ronin (literally
wave-persou, sourcoue mloye life is as unsetled as an occan
wave), So is a Gaki who was repudiated by their daimyo,
‘usually for 12 years, though sometimes for as long as a
‘century. Sometimes such repudiation is conditional: "You

World of Darkness


are no samurai of mine as long as you permit this insult to me
‘0 go unavenged." A humiliated Gaki who has lost signii-
cant Staus in the eyes of friends and daimyo may vow to 80
‘oain until they have accomplished some notable deed, Or
perhaps the Gaki will vow wo go ona pilgrimage to 33 Chibo
temples. If he humiliation is too great, the Gaki will commit
suicide, since a newly rebom Gali has standard Status,
The two noble blocdlines of Gaki began in the 12th
century whea the great wars between the Heike and Genji
shook Japan, ‘The final combat was atthe bay of Dan-no-Ura

‘when the Genji triumphed over the Heike, and Emperor
Anioka: an his followers leapt into the sea either than
surrender.

Today each major Japanese city has two Gaki daimyo who
try to ignore one another's existence: one Heike, one Genji
Smalkcrcitics only have onc daimyo—usually alTcike inthe
west, ncar the old Imperial capitol of Kyoto, a Genji in the
‘ast near the modem capitol of Tokyo. Some cities have
daimyo named for one of the major feudal clans, such as the
Takeda or the Oda.

‘The Heike are proud of theie ancient heritage and follow
the old traditions, including loyalty to their samurai. Of
course, they expect similar loyalty in retum. At home, they
‘usually dress in traditional Japanese garb, delighting in the
arts of flower arranging, samisen playing, and swordsman-
ship and thinking of engineers and programmers as new sorts
ofmagicians. Allof them haveatleastone level of Dominate
or Presence.

‘The Genji also pride themseives on their noble birth but
fre more interested in creating a glorious future than in
dwelling onthe past. They are the conspirators who helped
drive the Japanese into making first cheap and then high-
quality cars, televisions, VCRs, and other high-tech items,
‘They are interested in computers, and it has been rumored
some of a near-supernatural ability with electronics and hi-
tech items, All of them have some talents similar to Domi
nate or Presence,

‘These two bloodlines, besides greatly affecting the growth
of technology in Japan, have begun looking for ways 10
‘expand Japan's influence (and thus their own). Despite the
fact that for mostof thei history they haveremained on Japan
and its associated islands, during and after World War Il they
have expanded inin Hong Kong, Shanghai and other nearby
areas, Indeed, the ate making a concerted effort wo become
the primary force of Undead on Hong Kong when it is tumed
‘over to China fact which does not sit well with those other
astern Vampires aware of thee plane

‘The other Gaki bloodlines do not have as great an interest
im areas outside Japan as do the Heike and Genji, but mem-
‘bers of their houses have made trips to Hong Kong.

‘The Iga and the Koga are ancieat ninja clans, organized
into groups of one or two dozen people. Some Iga groups
serve the Heike, some the Genji; some Koga groups serve the
Heike and some serve the Genji. All Iga pay tribute to their

Hong Kong: Gaki 10s


clan chief, the ga Kashira, who is notallisd with either Hike
‘or Genji. All Koga likewise pay tribute to the Koga Kashira,
Aitimes Iga and Koga cooperate, but it isan uneasy alliance;
they are old encmies, Some of them know the new lore of
technology. All of them are experts in the martial arts and
‘teal; many are experts in drugs and poisons,

‘The Chibo are Buddhist priests, who have a special
scripture, unknown to other Buddhists: the Blood Sutra.
‘They chuutt Na Myohio Keou Kyo (Hall the Famous Blood
Suva) and are experts in Maho rituals (similar to Western
‘Thaumaturgy),

‘Othee major Gaki bloodlines are affiliated with various of
‘he zaibatsu, the companies which dominate Japanese busi-
‘ness and politics, ‘The zaibatsu_guaranice employment for
the employee's lifetime, and those affiliated with a Gaki
bloodline may arrange for exceptionally loyal employees to
stay on with the firm even after they've died. A few
bloodlines aro affliated with various yakuza mobs, gambler
gangs controlling Japanese crime much as the Mafia runs it
in the United Staes.

‘TheGakidonot umber their generations, because adoption
1 two widespread a custom: a Gaki's status depends on the
‘current bloodsaren, not the initial one, Some Gaki have two
boodparenis: ther first contactand the city's daimyo. Some
Gaki were initiated by the daimyo but then adopted by
someone af lower Status. Vampire sociologists claim the
distribution of Generations is much the same among Gaki as
among Western Vampires, but that their youngest Kindred
"appear to be 10th generation or even earlier.

Most Gaki are prejudiced agsinst non-Japanese, even
against people of pure Japanese ancestry who were brought
"spin another country and do not speak the language fluently.
‘They distrust gaijin (foreigners) as donors, partially due to
the rumor that many of them carry the HIV virus, A gaijin
who has the Linguistics points to speak Japanese sill counts
as having a Speech Impediment and must gain an additional
Linguistic point to be able to read Japanese or count as,
literate. They are one level lower Status than usual as seen
by Japanese.

‘Sou Gaki believe that Hengeyokal, shapechanging Cats,
are above them in the karmic order, But they sill consider
Uemselves more cultured than Hengeyokai and believe that
thei donors enjoy a better life, particularly since a Gaki is
abe w give immorality 1 a donor, while an animal cannot.

A fow Gaki have persuaded Hengeyokai Cats to serve
them. Mosily, Gaki have mortal servants, sometimes hire-
lings, sometimes old friends or lovers who serve them outof
affection, A number of Heike and Genji have mortal families
‘who pride themselves on being samurai to the undead. No
Japanese Gaki are known to have vite-fed mortal servants
like the Wester Vampire's Ghoal.

106

Key Differences Between Gaki and

Western Vampires

Gakihavea highly limited class f potential victims. They
‘can only feed from people who have the right wemperament
tw become Gaki themselves. ‘The Chibo priests explain that

this is part of the Karmic Wheel, which punishes sins of
Unrestrained Desire with one or more lifetimes plagued with
‘the Hunger, Certainly, the Gaki cannot feed upon people
either too young w desire fame, power or pleasure or too
calightened for such desires. Gai also do not {eed on the
blood of of animais oof other Gaki. As yet, no research has
‘been done to indicate if Westem Vampires arcable to feed.on
the blood of Gaki.

‘The Hunger affects Gaki perception. If they are down to
‘wo or fewer Blood Points, their vision becomes focused on
seeking a Donor. ‘They literally lose sight ofthe rest ofthe
‘world and see only poteatil victims and drifting fog. They
‘can temporarily focus om the blurred world only 2s an act of
Willpower. A direct and active threat will break this tunnel
vision forthe length of combat or fight plus one additional
‘umn,

‘Gaki are virwally immune to sunlight in any region of
‘heavy smog, such as that of Tokyo or Los Angeles, as long
as dey wear sunglasses and a high SPF sun cream over amy
‘skin not covered by clothing. Even withonly light smog. they
take only half the damage points from sunlightthata Western
‘Vampire would take.

‘Gai fear sleep and seldom do. What sleep they do get is
troubled by nightmares of mingled desire and fear: tapped
in a wilderness wiuh mothing 10 drink bat the blood of weir
dearest friends, or running endlessly over field of bones
{rom theapproach of Fugen, a Buddhist spirit wreathed infire
and whose sword is long flame. Avoiding sleep is an Easy
‘Willpower rol, but one that must be repeated each noon the
Gaki is at maximum Blood Points, safe from attack, and
without any ongoing project.

‘White slcep remains a problem for them, Gaki can eat and
drink as do normal humans. They can enjoy the food; i just,
pprovides them with no nutrition, Additionally, they are
forced to excrete what they take in since while they digest,
they cannot tum the food into energy.

Socially, most Gaki respect Japan's two native religions,
‘Shintoism and Buddhism. They cannot pass under the tori
{gate marking the entrance toa Shinto shrine, which is taboo
to anyone il. injured, in mourning, or heeding (including
‘menstruating women). Most Gaki cannot enter a non-Chibo
Buddhist temple or any room sealed with o-fuds, strips of
Papers on which the Buddhist scriptures have been writen.

‘A few Gaki honor some Westoen figures as anmang die
Buddha's many incamations. For instance, one temple in
‘Tokyo honors the Buddha as incamate not justin Gautama
butalso in Jesus, Socrates and Kinstcin, Gaki who patronize

World of Darkness


this temple will alo honor o-fuda inscribed with the writings
of Jesus, Socrates and Kinstein as much as thove inscribed
‘with the Blood Sutra.

‘The few Gaki immune to these religious effects claim that
the others are only superstitious, but it should be noted that
these Gaki seem to be the ones most out of touch with their

former humanity, the ones most dominated by whata Western
‘Vampire would term the Reast

All. 100 sure of reincamating after death, many Gaki will
‘commit suicide to wipe out a humiliation, expiate a wrong,
protest against a wrong that they cannot stop a superior from
commiging — oF forestall death by a more painful
method. This suicide is not termed seppuku or hara-kiri
(both meaning literally belly cuuting) but jisaisu (velf-de-
struction).

Hima

Gaki believe that if they die by ire or sunlight they will be
sebom as Hima, Fire Demons, with a lifespan of one month
for each person they have murdered in Hunger or Frenzy.
This belief is reinforced by the fact that in the Japanese
language, hi (ire) is the same sound as hi (injustice). When
the Hima's fire goes out, the spicit is reborn as Gaki again,
still bound by any Blood Oaths whose term has not yet

Hong Kong: Gaki

expired, Only achieving Enlightenment will permit the sist
to reincarnite to higher state,

‘Sometimes Hima appear as small flames floating inthe sit
and leading travellers astray like the Western will «wisp.

‘Sometimes they appear as flaming wheels or paper lanterns
which float in the air and spit deadly flames,

Hima appear only at night, usualy either inthe wilderness
vr in graveyard, though few hisunt abundoned bulkdings or
the scenes of murders. They are especially likely to appear
at the Hour of the Ox, 2 a.m. in the Western time-scheme,

A Hima's fire vaporizes the victim's blood into flaming
life force which the Hima drinks. The fire isa threatto moral
‘and immoral alike; it does 5 Blood Points damage per wn
1 a Gaki or 2 Blood Points damage per tum to a moral or
Hengeyokai. ‘Treat the atack as Difficulty 6, Rate 1, Range
‘50. Remember that the Hima is in a constant state of Frenzy
‘and Hunger, which will affect perception and aiming as well
as level of Willpower.

‘ima shun Shinto shrines but are frequently found in the
graveyards associated with Buddhist temples, They can be
{injured by water, especially by rain or snow which they react
to justas the Vampire docs to sunlight. They cannotenter any
area scaled with o-fuda. A few Gaki are rumored to have
found away to bind Hima to pacts and wo use them as servants.

Cats

‘There are many Japanese folktales about animals clever
enough to Jeam to transform themselves into human form
Some of these are kindly creatures who take on human form
to repay a benefactor, Others are used as messengers by one
‘ofthe Shinto Kami, like the white foxes who are messengers
‘ofthe Inari, the grain Kami. But most of these tales depict.
selfish animals who delight in confusing human beings.
‘Often such selfish animals return night after night to suck out
‘# moral's ki, the life force, until the vitim dics,

‘The only known Hengeyokai are shapechanging, long-
tailed cats. ‘They can take on the form of any person they've
‘met or whose picture they've seen, They can also take on any
human form they can visualize: young orold, maleor female,
‘pretty or ugly, All Cats have masiered atleast one level of
‘Auspex. Their usual Abilities include Dodge, Animal Ken
and Stealth,

Shapechanging isa special Hengeyokai Catability, not the
Discipline of Protean. Itrequires both a Willpower roll and
4 Wits roll, A Willpower failure indicates the animal's
surface control ofits appearance has lapsed, creating minor
discrepancies an observant person may notice, For instance,
the hair may start to fee! like fur, the ears may scem pointed,
‘or the creature's tail may become visible, A Wits Gaile
indicates the animal has fallen into & nonhuman behavior

107

Fuuem, ike lapping soup up with its tongue instead ot
Dolding the bow! up to its lips to drink. Cats who fail their
Wits roll may lee from dogs or. even more revealingly,chase
mice. A Cat who is in great pain will usually revert back to
its tue form,

Most Cats will never feed on the grounds of a Buddhist
temple or Shinto shrine, but they do feel free to enter there.
Cats have been known to tearup o-fuda scaling off an area to
permit Gaki wo enter there, in exchange fora favor done for
them (usually in advance) by the Gaki

‘A Cat cannot die of old age and is not vulnerable 10
sunlightbutcan be killed by any ofthe standamd methods use
to kill a mortal animal.

Cat Society

All Cats are creatures of grace, elegance and beauty, but
some cats are superior to others. The leaders of Cat society
are pure white from nose to tail. Some claim they began life
with darker fur but grew whiter as they grew older and that
black Cats are are stil very young and tend to act foolishly.

Many Cats pretend to be domesticated by human beings,
sothey can more easily obtain luxuries. Almostall prefer life

108

sm the city with its myriads of human convenienices to that in
the wildemess. A few Cats do spend significant periods of
time in the wildemess, some viewing his as a way of geuting
intonch with theirtruest nature, others as an ascetic discipline.

Each city's Cat population is dominated by a King or
Queen whose court meets each night the moon is visible.
Court life is full of splendid singing and dancing, often
accompanied by wild orgies. Sometimes human pet mice are
brought to these festivities so that their masters can be
amused by their reactions,

Some Cat Kings or Queens claim to be manifestations of
‘Tenki-Yomi, the Shinto Kamiofthe Moon. A few have even
established Shinto shrines at which the Moon Kami is wor-
shipped. Mortals may attend these shrines, not realizing that
many of their co-worshippers and most of the pretty priest
esses are really shapechanging Cats

Cats like to play with their food before eating it. Even if
they have decided to drain all a mortal's Blood Points, they
customarily only take one every half hour or so. Often they
allow the mortal to seem to escape their clutches, then
reappear Inter and easily subdue them again.

Cats respond to defeat or humiliation by ignoring it. Faced
‘with strong opposition, they mayrunofftodo something they
have justdecided wouldbemuch more interesting, orperhaps
will begin to: groom themselves in order to perfect their
beauty. This isnot wo say they never fight. If they think there
isa chance of winning, they fight fiercely, undeterred by any
conception of rules of fair pla.

Key Differences between Cats and
Vampires

‘Cats are highly sensual creatures, with a strong sex drive.
Perhaps because of this they cannot feed on the energy of
‘peuple who are not sexually active. This includes not only
children, virgins and ascetics but also people who are too
tired of sick wo be able to engage in sex. They cannot feed on
the life energy of Vampires and Gaki. They can feed on the
life cucrgy of other unimals, including that of other Cats.
‘Cats do not suffer nearly as much as Gaki from the Hungec.
‘They regain a number of lost Blood Points (roll D10 for how
many) every time the moon rises at night
ee

Vocabulary — Gaki

Gabi refer to normal humans either as "mortals" or some
times as "carrots" (a pun on the resemblance of "ninjin"
(buman being) and "ningen" (carrot),

A monal utilized as a blood source is most politely
referred toa¢a Donor, moct rudely referred o.as anomimono
(beverage), The victim of a Hengcyokai, especially if not
suitable asa Gaki blood source, is usually termed "mouse."

World of Darkness


"The passage of a mortal into immortality by becoming a
Gaki is termedinitiation. The initiator is the bloodpareat.
‘Thenew Gakiis termed an apprentice until all the people they
‘cared for are cither dead or also Gaki.

‘A Gaki who is omthbound toadsimyo isa samurai. A Gaki
‘who is not oathbound to a daimyo, or whose oath has been
repudiated, is a ronin,

‘The conilict which Vampires term Beast vs Haman is
usually spoken of by Gaki as Beast vs Buddha Nature, the
pate sprit withineachmortal which isbelicved willeventually
find Enlightenment and reach Nirvana,

Some Gaki refer 10 their traditional creation myth by
calling the Emperor "neptew" and by calling death by
Sunlight "the younger sister's kiss."

Vocabulary — Cat

‘Cats refer to Gaki as leeches (an irreverentallusion toGaki
legend) oras babies (because of their ependence on donors).
‘A mortal who stil bears the aura of having been a Gaki donor
is a called baby bottle or baby toy. A Gaki which has lost
‘most or all ofits Humanity is called a shark; sometimes, so
‘e  Gali in the dopthe of Hunger or Frenzy.

‘A mortal who has given a Cat life fore ¢ is amouse. One
‘who has an ongoing relationship with a Cat isa pet mouse. If
the Cat has grown genuinely fond of a mortal, it may ignore
the fact thata mortal can never becomes Hengeyokai and call
them "kien."
a

Rift

‘The Gaki's personal nightmares, so horrible they avoid
sleep atall costs, remain a part of them even in their waking,
‘hours. These nightmares are no mere construct of theirown
baile psyche; Mey manifest 2s actual dimensional rifts,
‘personalized for the individual Gaki. Since making contact
with the West, some Gaki have compared their ownsituations
with that ofthe Christian damned, caught up in an individual
het,

Eachrift differs substantially from any other. Basedon the
Gaki's own traumas, fears, shames and guilt, the rift epito-
mizes all the tragedy of her existence. When they sleep, their
mind fills with images from this realm — demons, fears,
‘shames; all the travesties they have perpatrated return to them
‘a hundeedfold,

However, the Gali manifest atleast some control af thelr
rifts. Young Gaki learn to extend their rift out to touch other
people, As they grow older, they learn 10 draw others in,
Using the real of one's own nightmares can be terrifying
cxperionce. Useaf any ofthe posers listed below, scessfil
(OF not, requires a Courage roll against a difficulty of the
‘power's level; failure costs the Gaki 2 minimum of one
‘Willpower point, and botches can send the Gaki writhing in
diggust at her own sins

||

Level One:

‘The Joining: Sometimes called tsuiaeru by the Gai, this
‘Power allows them to silently communicate with both those
‘around them and other Gaki. While this does not allow mind
reading, attempts io communicate with Gaki areautoenatcaly
successful unless the other Gaki is blocking such contact, and
‘sat be made wyer any distance. Communicating wide wae
Gaki requires the user of this power be within eyesight of his
target and make a Wits + Linguistics roll against a difficulty
of

Level Two:

Glimpse of the Pain: With the second level of Rift the
‘Gakibegins to draw others into her realm of agony, ifonly for
‘amoment. This power, called ssukamu, allows (forces) target
to see the Gaki's own rift. This look at a whole microverse
‘of guilt, sin frustration and horror is often more than most
ccanhandle. Being blind or closing one's eyes can lessen the
agony, but the rift is a complete sensory and psychic expe-
‘ence, 0 the victim may still be affected (Storyteller's
discretion),

‘Tho uuget, Ife Vempive or Gaki, must make Courage roll
with a difficulty of his own Humanity +2 not to fall into 2
‘Courage frenzy. For others, the Gaki must makea Perception
+ Intimidation roll with a difficulty of 6, resisted by the
target's Willpower roll against the same difficulty. Esc
‘additional success the Gaki achieves means the target is
incapacitated for an additional tum, frozen with horror atthe
‘monstrosity just seen.

Level Three:

Crossing the Iron Bridge: At this stage in a Gaki's
‘development, she begins to deal with her own inner demons
‘This power allows her wo eater into her rift, confronting all
that which makes it such hell. The Gaki actually disappears
from the place she was, and will reappear there shortly

‘This is by ou means a picasant eapericuce, aun Ui charac~
{er must make a Self-Control roll witha difficulty of her own
‘Conscience for every wen they remain bere. Some Gaki use
this power for protection, some use it to deal with their own
alll, and soe ave rumoved 6 have entered knw Ui il
‘never to return again,

Level Four:

Journeying the Lron Bridge: When a Gaki first becomes
Able to Cross the Iron Bridge, all he can take with him are
‘those inanimate items which have a personal connection —
clothes, ‘tc, — and these for just a short time,
‘With the fourth level of this power, the Gaki can take
anything with him, bat he must make a Stamina + Survival
roll against difficulty of 6, Failure means any item brought

Hong Kong: Gaki 109


in falls from wherever the Gaki was holding it. In addition,
the Gaki can stay in the rift for as long as he wants ... or can.

Level Five:

Passing the Inner Realm: At this point the Gaki begins
to eam bow to manipulate the rif, using this horror wo her
‘ownadvantage, While the riftis not infinite, itis subject only
{othe Limi placed on tby the Storyteller. Thus the Gaki can
‘ravel through it, invisible to the outside world, to any he
point hecould sce before entering therift. She can even enter
the rifts of other Gaki she could see before using this power.

‘This movement takes as Jong as crossing the distance
Dhysicslly would, but the Gaki can avoid barriers, reappear
bbohind foes, avoid attacks, etc. To use this power before an
attack can hit requires a Wits + Dodge roll against the
‘opponent's Dexterity +1.

Level Six:

Collection: Now the Gakican manipulateobjects without
having to enter the rift. Collection allows him to send
inanimate objects he touches into the rift or call back tems
which have been stored there,

‘Transport: Similar to collection, a Gaki able w Transport
‘can touch an object and send it through her rift wo any point
she-can see, Targeting with this power requires a Desterity
+ Athletics roll against.a difficulty of 7. Botches may mean
Something else comes out.

10

Level Seven:

Eyes ofa Thief: Anoffshootof Collection, this powerlets
the Gaki take any object he can see and send it nto his rift
‘This requiresa Perception + Alertness rollagainsta difficulty
of7.

Doorway to Hell: Generally a Gali' rift comes with ber
wherever she goes. However, with tke Doutway wo Hell, de
Gaki can create a physical entrance to her rift somewhere,
‘one that anyone can enter. Setting up the doorway requires
a location with an entrance way and the loss of a Willpower
point — pormancatly. Note that the Gaki can still Cross dhe
Iron Bridge normally, and can then exit the rift through the
doorway instead of having to reappear atthe spot she first
‘went in, Others entering through the doorway are nffected as
though they had a Glimpse of the Pain

Level Bight:

‘Touch of Sin: Now the Gakican actually grabothers and
‘bring them involuntarily ito his rift with 4 Maniputation +
Braw! roll against the target's Humanity +2, Those brought
in by this power experience the same effects as someone
getting a Glimpse of the Pain, boteach tun she remains inthe
rift, the difficulty of her Willpower roll increases by one and
the Gaki's decreases by one. Every time the victim botches
2 Willpower roll she gains a Derangement, The victim can
Jeave if she gains more successes on her roll, o the Gaki
Jeaves the rif.

Gateway: With Gateway, the Gaki can send others
‘through his rift just like he does when he uses Passing the
Innes Realm, ‘This costs two Willpower puints (one wo seaxd
‘the target into the rift and one to get her back out), and the
target must deal with a Glimpse of the Pain along the way.
‘The Gaki must makea targeting roll of Perception +Empathy
to get the target to the right place, and ust first wach be.

Level Nine:

Imprison: A victim impeiconed by the Gabi iz caught in
‘the rift until the Gaki cares to release him (or the victim
‘manages to find a Doorway, if there is one). Imprisoning a
victim in the rift requires the Gaki make a Manipulation +
Intimidation roll against the Willpower of whoever itis she
holds, Three successes means the victin is sent to the Gaki
rift_as in Touch of Sin, except the Gaki need not spend
Willpower to keep him there. Note that since many who are
‘imprisoned are guaranteed to go mad if oft in a Rift too long.
this is a good! way for Gaki to lose Humanity.

Level Ten:

‘Manifest the Horror: Now the Gaki can not only pull
‘others into his rift, batcanopen hisriftonto the outside word.
‘The actual effects ofthis power vary based on the individual
Gaki, but he can loose any sort of torments found in hi rift.

World of Darkness


‘This can include oni (demons), Hima, giant multi-headed,
lightning-breathing lobster-eagles, whirling tamadoes of fire
and lightoranything else the Storytellers fiendish imagination
cancome up with. However, everything that enters the world
from the Gaki's rift costs the Gaki a Willpower point, and
‘may even be hostile to him (itis from his own version of hell,
afterall). However, the Gaki can usually control the mani-
festations with « Charisma + Empathy roll with 2 difficutry
of?,

Maho (The Demon Arts)

Thai Creation — Ist level

Like the standard Bucidhist hai (wooden memorial tablet),
the Chibo ihai docs not show the dead person's mortal name
but only spirit name given by the officiating priest. A Gaki
spirit name is sometimes called « Blood Name, probably
‘because it always contains the ideograph for blood, pro-
‘nounced cither Setsu or Chi.

"Thothaiiscalligraphed with nkbrush and ink ontoa piece
of wood. A drop of the new Gaki's blood and a drop of its
bloodparent's blood must be added to the ink. ‘The ritual
eaves the wood rock-hard but sil flammable,

Gaki may conduct their social life under their old moral
‘name, thir new spirit name, or any other name that pleases
them, It is customary for 4 Gaki to take a new mame oo
significantly rising (or falling) in Status.

Change Thai — 2nd level

faGakiis formally adopted by anew bloodparent.a priest
will perform a ritual which changes the name on the thal
‘Again, « drop of the Gaki's blood and a drop of the new
bbloodparent's blood must be added to the ink

Three Nights in a Moment — 3rd level

‘This ritual can be used on a mortal dying from life force
{oss inflicted by any immortal. It will not save the moctal's
life but it will save theie personality, allowing the Chibo
Pris to initiate them as an apprentice in one moment, instead
‘ofthe customary three nights. Usually this traumatic expe-
ricace results in the new Gaki having at least tse De-
Fangements, Italso requires the priest performing itleave the
‘ew Gaki with at least three Blood Points,

Destroy Thai — 4th level

‘This rimal expels the Gaki whose Blood Name is carved
‘on the ihai from the mortal world into the Realm of Fighting
Spirits. Itrequires several priests to perform it, foritcosts one
Blood Point for each point of Humanity, Willpower and
Blood the victim has. Which priest loses each Blood Point is
determined atrandom; the ritual fails if a priest dies before it
is completed. This ritual is traditionally only performed at a
‘daimyo's request.

Shinjutsu, the art of the Kami

Japanese Shinto shrines symbolize Kami by one of three
shapes: mirroe for female Kami, sword for male kami, an
jewel for either. Hengeyokai Cat priests" riuals are inspired
by this.

Consecrate Mirror — Ist level

‘This ritual creates 3 mirror which reflects the gazer as
{incredibly beautiful. Itrequites one Blood Point trom the Cat
‘who will be linked to it and another Blood Point from its
maker. A Cat who uses it can transform to an awesomely
‘beautiful human shape. Oritmay be givento seduce a human,
‘oreven a Gaki into narcissism; whoever looks into it must

Hong Kong: Gaki m


Consecrate Sword — Ist level

This ritual cates sword which gives anyone wickding it
an adcitional evel of skill. 1 requires one Blood Point from
ste Cat who will be linked wo itand anoer Blood Point from
‘ts maker. 1 may be used by a Cat for fighting, or given toa
human pt, or even toa Gakiior Western Vampire. Bach ime

the sword draws blood, half of the Blood Points the victim
loses go to the Cat the sword i linked to

12

Consecrate Jewel — 2nd level

‘This riual creates a jewel which gives anyone who wears
itanadditional level of Charisma. Itrequires one Blood Point
‘rom the Cat who will be linked to itand another Blood Point
from its maker. A Cat may use it to raise its own Charisma,
‘oritmay be given to tame a human or even a Gaki: anyone
who wear it lores three levels of Charisma when interacting
‘with the Cat the mirror is linked to,

World of Darkness


NDaizi

Written by Andrew Greenberg, Art by Josh Timbrook

‘And when the voices told her when and where to act, she said:

‘T ve lost control again'

— Joy Division, She's Last Conurol

‘The desolation and horror perpetrated upon Haiti by its
‘moral rulers may make the atrocities of some Vampires pale
by comparison, but the Kindred! of the island do their best to
keep up. While they may not cause as much mayhem in a
‘single day, they have the weight of etemity on their side, and
can rest comfortably knowing they have centuries of depra-
vation ahead while time binds the country's rulers,

Christopher Columbus arrived on Haiti during his first trip
to the Now Werld. Within a contucy the Spanic had killed
Off the million native inhabitants of the island, Local legend
‘has it that one of the last native shamans cursed its new
inhabitants, calling the same destruction and disease which
had exterminated his people dowa on whoever would live
there,

‘Vampires first came to the island in the 17th century,
finding its gigantic slave population perfect for their bloody
‘eds. The overwhelming disproportion of slavesto exploiters
(31,000 whites, 27,000 freed staves and 465,000 slaves)
could not be maintained, however, and in 1804 the Haitians
freed themselves from French rule.

Upto this point, most of the Kindred of the island where
members of the Camarlla, with Toreadors and Ventrues
being the most common. While the island had been attractive
to the Undead, not enough had arrived to keep the country in
‘check, and those who had were killed off during the years of
revolution,

‘The slaughter of Haiti's Vampiric establishment must
have appeared like a heacoa in the night to the Followers of
Set. A century later, one survivor of Haiti's earlier culture
‘made the claim that the Followers of Sct must have been
bbchind the revolution because of the speed with which they
took advantige of the void, but other witnesses have indi-

Haiti

‘ated that while the Settes took advantage ofthe upheaval
they were not the instigators.

‘Whatever the case, a number of Setites setup temples on
the island during the 50 years following the revolution. Some
of these have disappeared with the passage of time, while
new Followers have established replacements, Inany event,
the Followers of Set have become an integral part of Haitian
culture, shaping the country and region as they want (shough

(One area of Haitian life in which they have become
especially prominent is the people's practice of Voodoo.
(Onceas much a revolutionary movement as religion, under
{hc influence of ihe Seutes Voodoo quickly became another
Drop maintaining a corupt establishment. Setites wormed
their way into socicties organized for the worship of loa
(Gpitits) or formed their own.

‘The first to come to the Island established his temple
secretly among the slaves in the mid-1700s. Once this was
ready, he summoned one of his neonates to the island. She
in tum setup the temple from which most of the othe Secites
spread. Indeed, many Kindred falsely believe ber to be the
frst Seti on the island.

———
Ezuli

zu firs joined the ranks of the Undead in Ethiopia, the
and of her birth. Embraced by a Setite who wooed her with
wonts ot love, Ezuti found the ways of the Followers repulsive.
‘Their fascination with lies and comuption, their apparent
hatred and disdain of mortals, und the plows and schemes they
played against each other were completely contrary wo hr
‘own nature.

U3


Indeed, shortly after her Embrace, Ezuli suffered a mad-
rest So deep that she slipped into torpor, where she, like some
other Kindred, may have remained forall etemity had it ot
been fora summons from hercreator. After almost 500 years
of sleep, his call pulled her from ber deep grave, and in 1790
she joined him in Hait.

For 15 years they shared a temple and drew the secret
worship of the islanders. He stood as the loa of death. while
she took a subordinate role as his mistress and lover. Still,
without any desire on her part, the mortals who came to
‘worship began 1o approach heras they did her Sire, She could
join them in the frenzy of possession just as he could. and to
many of the kine who came to their hidden termple, she
seemed far more approachable,

‘This splitting of the worship entertained her Sie at first,
butar it continued and the worship of Eruli grow, he became
Jess and Jess amused. By 1805 his resentment and jealousy
had grown so strong that Ezuli was forced to flee into the
island's interior, She kept a low profile for a number of
months, butsoon established anew templeand begandravwing
worshippers from the surrounding area. Shonly thereafter
anoiber Follower, Ogwon, who she knew during, her first
years of immortality, joined her.

‘With Ogwon's aid, Ezull found herself able w uit her
worship as strong as she wanted without having to fear the
wrath of the one who Embrace her. Within a decade her
‘worship spread across Haiti though she has kept her temple
near the border with the Dominican Republic.

While Ogwon eventually left to start his own temple, he
spreadthe news of Bzuli to other membersof the Clan, Those
‘who have come tothe island since have usually spentat east
4 year or two with her before going off to find their own
worshippers.

In this way Ezuli has passed the last two centuries. She
believes herself reconciled with her Sire though the two has
Tiule wo do with cach other. She has very good relationships
withthe other Setites on the island, generally staying above

their feuds and conspiracies. She has shared blood with all
Of them. but remains bound to none.

The Cult of Ezuli

Haitians involved in the Voodoo culture of the country
worship a number of spirits, most of which have no tie to
‘Vampires. However, the worship of Ezuliisinirinsically tied
tw ber vampiric nature.

Her worship ceremonics consist equally of males and
females, young and old, married and single. They begin with
songs of invitation designed to bring Ezuli to te site of the
‘ceremony. All present take pant in these songs, though they
are led by a manbo (priestess), There is litle dancing or
playing of instruments at this point, though most of the
Participants clap their bands or begin swaying with the
rhythm of the songs

4

‘The second stage of the ceremony involves songs of
‘welcome, again led by the manbos, but this time with the
sccompanimentof instruments. Worshippers begin dancing
and moving about, either singly, in couples or in groups.
"Those who have specific requests to make of Ezuli become
especially active, throwing themscives into the center ofthe
dance and adding their own songs of supplication.

As the songs of weleome hegin ia end, the manhos begin
1 repeat the names of those beings thought to be sacred to
Ezuli. The thythmic repetition of the names of spirits, saints
‘and ancestors adds to the general tumult as more and more
"worshippers hegin dancing wildly. the heating af the dame
increases and the songs become more desperate.

‘Soon all present have joined the writhing, thrashing mass
‘of dancers. Lacking much room 10 move, bodies fam up
agsinst cach other as the dancers, hot and dicached by buds
the temperature and the crush of people, continue their mad
rampage. Some crash to the floor as the hat overwhelms
them, others pel the protecting clothes off themselves and
‘others, and quickly the site ills with the smell of blood, pain
and ecstasy from battered worshipper,

World of Darkness


Then Ena, if present at the ceremony (usually invisible
and hidden, but occasionally taking an active part in the
dance), will lock eyes with one of her worshippers. As she
takes possession ofthe crazed dancer, the smell ofthe blood
and press of bodies overwhelms her senses, and her body
collapses as her new form flies into frenzy.

Despite the mad activities of all preseat, the actions of the
poseested stand out like aheacon, Exif her frenzied mind
allowing no thought of the consequences to her worshipper's
body or reputation, tears through the undulating crowd,
Unable to stop herself, she moves with crazed abandon,
thrashing. slamming and flailing pust all around.

However, even at her most freazied she still retains her
‘essential sensuality. Her powers of Presence take command,
sending out waves of awe and majesty which overwhelm all
present. Within seconds the other dancers have stopped,
frozenby the incredible sight before them. Finally her frenzy
‘als and she returns wo her body.

Sometimes she flees into the night directly after the
‘possession, whileother times she will move invisibly through
the crowd, taking a sip of vite from here and there as the
fancy strikes her, Those worshippers not blessed witha Kiss
‘often do not notice the sudden ecstasy on the faces of those
‘round them as they continue their singing and dancing.

Following the possession, the ceremony calms down as
the worshippers begin songs of thanks and relaxation, Soon
the ceremony is over and the mortals head their separate
ways,

Unfortunately, Exuli does mot always manage to hold back
hee frenzy until she takes over a moral form, Thase times
‘when the React grahs herbefore she makes eye contact, while
few and far between, are horrid to behold.

For the unlucky worshippers, the first sign they have that
something is wrong comes when a black clawed hand whips
vat of the ais Wo sual at Uacs dats. Hei all yoes Wark as
Ezuli tears the blood from their bodies.

Within seconds the ceremony tums red and deadly as
‘blood begins 10 fly from all directions. Worshippers run
screaming from the fray, killing even more in the stampede
to escape. Minutes later Ezuli has calmed, but for dozens of
her worshippers itis too late.

The Kiss of Death

Despite her moments of weakness, Ezali sees herself as a
reat benefactor to those who worship her. She hears their
‘Prayers and appeals, and occasionally she acts upon them,
Except for those times when the Beast takes control, she
never kills, and usually takes what blood she needs from
healthy worshippers, many of whom set aside a room in their
‘homes for her. Usually she takes no more than & point of
blood at each feeding, and spends some nights going from
‘home to home, taking what she needs, Often she leaves lite

gifts for her victims as well as advice on how to attract those
‘they are interested in.

Her worship has had one effect she never expected,
however. Considered the spiritnot only of love butof sex and
sensuality as well, she auracts young, attractive worshippers
‘who emulate her own promiscuity with their own. Thus Ezuli
hhas recently noticed that she sometimes feels weaker after
feeding than she did before. She hat even caught herself
coughing, though she has not had need to breathe in more
years than she can remember.

Indeed, Ezuli has become a carrier of doom, as she fits
fom house wo house with the Ulood fresh ont lt lewd, or sp
{from numerous worshippers during ceremonies in ber honor
‘She herself has no idea how the spectre of death has taken to
following her, and has never heard of the AIDS virus,
Unfortunately, she has become the season s0 mairy of lex

worshippers across the country have beard of the dread
disease,

The Kindred of Haiti

While Setites are not the only Vampires in the county,
they are a majority of the 30 or go in Haité at any one time,
Lessthen 10 ofthe Followers have formed their own temples,

Haiti us


while others, generally younger, belp them with their plots
and schemes.

‘The other Kindred in the country are fairly evenly split
among members ofthe Camarilla,Sabbatand neutrals. None
play as significant a role as the Seties

———

The Web

From Ezuli's temple have sprung the others of Haiti, and
they remain interconnected despite their frequent battles.
‘Ogwon established the first of these offshoots, and his
remains one of the more powerful. From this temple be can
send orders out to his many followers in positions of power
around Haiti and the Western hemisphere

His most loyal followers are the members of Ferraille, one
of the oldest secret societies om the istand. ts leaders,
‘primarily current and former army officers, hold positions in
‘ovement and business as well as the military. Branches
have spresd throughout the Americas and even into France,

where several members have begun smuggling drugs into
Marseille

{n Rais tho Porills ensures Ogwon remains unmolested
while batting his focs. Recently it hacked first Francois
"Papa Doc" Duvalier and then his son, Jean-Claude "Baby
Doc" Davalic,as dictators. However, Baby Doc's attempts

to attract the support of the upper class and the Catholic
church ed the dictator tomeet with atleast one representative
of the Society of Leopold in 1985. Shutly dicxcafler op-
position to his regime reached new heights, and at least wo
Fermailles wore seen camying a coffin with a sign saying
"Jean-Claude Duvatier, you belong here."

By 1986 Baby Doc had been driven from power, and
within a matter of years democratic elections took place
leading 1 the election of Rev. Jean-Betrand Aristide.
However, this Raman Catholic priest was soon driven from
Power, and a new coalition of military officers thok com-
mand, One member of the coalition is a known Ferralle,
while several others are also believed to be involved in
different secret societies.

‘Aside from the role they play now, the Ferrille has always
played a major part in the political upheaval which so often
\wracks Haiti, They instigate and lead riots, attack enemy
‘groups (especially those which extol peace and compromise)
aandiake advantage ofthe opportunity (o exterminate personal
foes,

‘Additionally, a number of Ferralles are ongans, Voodoo
pricetsofnosmallrenowa. Notonlydothe ongans personally
fulfill Ogwon's commands, but they also allow the Cainite a
‘great deal of control over the general populace. Thus, even

116 World of Darkness


in times of peace the Ferralle canmotivate the general public
to acts of destruction just through the commands of these
spiritual leaders.

People visit the ongans for spiritual and material advice,
help in important matters, and when seeking revenge on
‘others. The priests flavor their advice with instructions
which may aid Ogwon in his continuing fights or just give
support to hie mortal allies

‘The mere presence of ongans among Ogwon's followers.
helps deter atacks against hem, and ensures that most will
do nothing to cross them. Finally, the prices" alleged
prowess with the powers of Voodoo also serve tics Vaun~
pirkc master well, When mortal weapons have no effect,
those of the spirits wil.

The Battles

‘Ogwon has not organized the Ferraille just wo givea bunch
‘of military men the chance to take power. ‘The constant
battling and jockeying for power among the Setites has been
‘going on since the early 19th ceauury, and for every move
‘Ogwon makes, he can be sure the others will try 1o counter
‘and make their own,

‘Thus his Ferraille spend as much time watching the
Bossus, the Mounanchou and other secret societies they do
hatching their own plots. When political unrest shakes the
country, the Ferraille use the cover of the riots to attack
members of enemy societies (which is an enemy and which
is anally varies from year to year, and somotimnes from day
to day). They ambush members, wash their businesses and
raze their homes.

OF course, the other socicties are busy doing the same
things to them, so the Ferrall devote an equal amount of
time o protection, Additionally, fora fee, they will protect
‘non-society members as well. hough this protection genes-
ally jst keeps the insured safe from attacks by the Ferralle,
Sul, there are sections of cities and farge rural stretches
‘completely under Ferraille protection, and these areas gener-
ally remain safe from outside attack.

Indoed, in peacetime, the secret societies provide pass-
Ports to their members. These passports, given to protect
‘members planning on entering hostile teritory, are usually
respected by others, Not only does possession of such a
document mean the weight of a secret society can be brought
to bear on those who violate it, bt ongans make the pass-
Ports, adding symbols of great power and prayers to mighty
spirits. Fear of tho occult protections guaranteed by the paper
deter as much as does the fear of atack by the secret society.

Still, membership in a Sette's sccret society, while it has
its benefits of power and influence, remains a particularly
hazardous lifestyle, Each Setie, im theconstant questto have

Haiti

‘the dominant temple on Haiti, would willingly sacrifice any
‘of the pawns in a play for further power,

‘When members are not beating cach other up, the society
leaders are sending them out on reconnaissance missions all
med at ferreting out the even more powerful enemy pawns
— those whoactually play aroloin the other Setites' temples.
‘While the greatest pleasure may come from corrupting the
‘pare, further degrading the already perverse brings its own
‘special delight. Thus the Setites make special efforts to
attract those who are actually members and leaders of each
others" hidden temples.

‘Special promises of furure pleasures constantly tempt
‘mighty ongans and priests of the temples, while surveillance
‘of these worthies gathers information more for coruption
‘than for physical attacks. For this reason the Seties of Haiti
‘put as much effun ino defense as offense. Indeed, consid:
cing the strength of their defenses, the relatively large
‘numberof Setites extinguished in Haiti surprises some on-
lookers,

The Goals

"The Setites of Haiti may scem more fractious than most,
‘but none can deay the success they have had corrupting this
‘beautiful Caribbean country. They might not gather forthe
‘moonlit ceremonies their brethren in Egypt and other place
‘engage in, but they have no need for such moral builders.
"They know they have been successful, and it feels good.

However, there are other reasons The Followers of Set
hhave become so divided here. In most areas where they are
power, one Setite pioneered entry into the area and remains
heir leader. In Haiti, however, Exuli rejecied a leadership
‘position and, while she remains cordial with all those wo
‘have come through her temple, does nothing to stop their
internecine wars.

‘Setites om the ishand other than Ezuli and bee Sire are all
‘Seventh Generation or younger, and physically they areallof
‘equivalent strength. Even Ogwon, though generally con
‘sidered one of the most powerful of them, does not have the
‘might necessary to bring the Clan members together,

Occasionally they can work together — the ruling council
‘which took over when Aristide was driven outs one example
of this cooperation. This fragile coalition, formed after m0
‘one power could seize control and in response to the threat the
reverend posed, mixes mortal Voodoo leaders, military
strongmen and Vampiric followers.

Even within this alliance, however, the Sette continue to
jockey for power. Each mortal member looks for any
‘opening to increase his own power, and their Undead masters
‘any their fights into arenas both natural and supematural.
"Thus the Setites continue their seemingly endless struggle to

17


bbecomie the most corrupting, with perhaps theiroaly hope fox
‘wuc unity being an outside threat.

The Threat

Unfortunately forthe Setites, their greatest threat is inter-
nal notexternal, Ogwon knows of Ezuli's Sire, though they
fever had the opportunity to meet. He remembers the great
fas Eesli once felt this ancient, and has memories of weir
battles with him, Since leaving Ezuli, however, he has had
‘no contact with her Sire, and takes this abseace 10 mean
departure or torpor.

Ezuli's Sie i still present, however. The temple is secret
ow, hidden and obscured from the worldat large. Thesecrot
society is diminutive, with the smallest of cells in major
areas. Those few Kindred whohave hecomeaware of itfound
inal Death the only reward for their detective work, and
‘even Ezuli believes her Sire tno longer bea threat. All this
isasitshould be, for Ezulis Sire plots a vengeance made all
the more terrifying for lack of warning.

Females, Bossus, Mounanchous and other secret society
‘members appear dead in one anothers" territory, their pass
ports stuffed down their slashed throats. Ongans find
themselves the victims of spirit atiacks of unprecedented.
power. Businesses go wp in flames, churches machine
‘gunned, and politicians assassinated. Thousands abandon
the island, only o be returned to face the vengeance of those
from whom they fled. Daily the tension will rise until nane,
Kindred or kine, can prevent the explosion.

Say

Hoping
AN

CUBA cmmunang Ss

: y)
_——e~__ —
Santiago de Cuba "US. Naval

Base

JAMAICA

oO ~~

S HAITI

Wild Cards

‘The Setites are not the only powers on the island. While
they control some of the country's Voodoo leaders, the most
powerful ones.are not tied to any one loa or Vampire. Living
‘apart from humanity, alone with their spirits and dead servi
{ors these ongans are wel feared by both Kindred and kine.

No plan can be made without taking into account bow
these dread forces may react. Setites have learmed through
‘sometimes terminal trial and error to back off when they may
be crossing some forbidden line. When true Voodoo cer-
‘emoniee ao under way, the Setites can only sithack and bope
the ongan has no special reason to hate them,

‘The forces summoned wp during these ceremonies can be
far more than any Sette on the island would care to anger. If
directed at a Kindred or her minions, the spirits can possess
ther forcing even a Vampire to take actions ranging from the
‘embarrassing tothe fatal. Other spirits can attack herand her
followers, disrupt their businesses, families and friends, or
ceven just follow them around, harassing them at cvcry
‘opportunity.

Additionally, these spirits can possess followers of the
‘ongan, greatly enhancing their strength and taking them a
‘match for any ghoul and even the Kindred. These possessed
worshippers, also known as serviteurs, carry out their mas-
ters' wishes with no regards to their own safety oc lives.
Furthermore, they are often aided by the ongan's other tools,

PSA

. Santino \
DOMINICAN
REPUBLIC

CapHaitien

)
v

~ paleo

Caribbean Sea

vA

World of Darkness


‘including animals under simiar possession, elementals, and
even animated, non-sentient corpses.

Luckily forthe Cainites ofthe country, itis a very rare
‘eventan ongan will send out these supernatural death squads.
Sil, the Setites remain on guard against the spies of these
priests, and vend their own spics wo find out what they plan,
‘There is a great deal of competition for worshippers, and
some Sctites, despite the efforts they put into manipulating,
their followers, are never completely sure who is loyal and
who may follow one of the independent ongans,

Even with the threat these priests pose, howover, Ogwon
and come other Setives go to great efforts to involve them in,
various plots. Afcr all, the independent ongans often view
themselves as pure followers of Voodoo, and there is litle
Setites prefer to corrupt than those who consider themselves
pare,

Haiti

a |

Other supematural forces like lupines and facries exist in
the country's interior, but their strength is nothing compared
to thatof the mortal und immortal Voodoo leaders. The same
may well be said of the non-Setite Kindred on the island, most
of whom are centered around the capital of Port-au-Prince.
‘Still, they most be considered in any Setite plan, and none can
‘ever be sure they have taken all threats into account.

Finally. the Society of Leopold hus long worried about
‘Vampiric influence on the island, and the fall of Aristide has
increased their concen. Currently, a number of their agents
have come to the island, using the strength of the Catholic
‘church in the country wo aid them, Few are aware oftheir
presence, however, and some hope Haiti may finally give
them the evidence they need to prove the existence of
‘Vampires to the world.

9



—

Che Vampire Club

Written by Frank Frey, Art by Jon Skoglund

{If san odd thing that anyone who disappears was said to be seen
in San Francisco. It must be a delightful city and possess all the
sttractions of the next world.

—Oscar Wilde

Introduction

Unlike many other clubs where both mortal and Kindred
tix, the Vampire Club of San Francisco is exclusively for
‘Vampires and their Retainers. The Club, famous world wide
{or its "open oat" policy, welcomes any Vampires in rela-
Lively good standing with the rest of the Kinctred. This gives
the Vampire Club its unique cosmopolitan flavor where Los
‘Angeles Anarchs rub shoulders with London Ventrue to the

background of a babble of different languages and accents.
‘Allmanner of dress and costume can be seen, Whatever your
tastes, the Vampire Club can usually accomodlate them,

History

‘The Vampire Clob began its existence as, of all things, a
Jaxury yacht In 1902, Lord Cyrus Wakefield, a virally
penniless English nobleman, setled in San Francisco. Within
‘0 years, he rebuilt his fortune by investing in foreign trade,
‘To celebrate his regained fortune, Lord Wakefield commis-
sioned the building of a luxury yacht. He christened it*"The
Royal Phoenix" and intended it to be a floating palace. His
‘dea was to beableto sail wherever he wished and stillbe able
1 maintain his luxurious lifestyle, He wanted to show the
‘world that be had indeed risen {rom the ashed,

‘The yacht itself was a technological marvel of its day.
StecI-hulled, with twin o-fired steam turbine engines, the
Royal Phoenix boasted every modem luxury, including elec-
wi lights and gold plated toilet fixtures. The ship conld do an
impressive 18 knots top speed. "She was a heautiful ship."
‘one maritime historian commented,"Wwith the speed of 2
‘greyhound and the dignity of a clipper ship."

‘The Royal Phoenix was launched on December 18, 1905.
A weok later, Lord Wakefield bekd a gala Christmas party

that was the tal ofthe town and set sail for Hawaii the next
day. On the way there, he celebrated New Year's Eve in
‘grand style, He retuned from his "Christmas Cruise" at the
fend of January. From then on, he declared he would live
aboardhis yacht, and live he did. It wasn't long before rumors
‘begancirculatingabouthis debauched beha our, His private
parties aboard the yacht became the subject of much specu-
lation, but then this was San Francisco and you could get
away with justaboutanything as ong as you dit with style.

Reality, however, began to close in on Lord Wakefield.

Beginning in the middle of February, 1906, his investments
Dogan w go bad, At firs, dils seemed w have no effecsvon the

high-iving patrician. He continued his rounds of merrymak-
{ng as if there were no tomorrow, As his fortune dwindled,
Lord Wakefield seemed determined to enjoy himself as
‘muchas possible. He indulged inall mauscr of vices including
opiumsmoking and pedophilia His family in England wanted
Tite oF nothing to do with him.

‘The bill came due on March 23. Lord Wakefield's stor.
‘neys informed him that he had no money efi. He was
‘bankrupt. According tohis atiomeys,ifhe sold everything he
hhad, he might just have coough to live in genteel poverty.
‘Wakefield was thunderstruck at this news. He tried desper-
ately to borrow money from his friends but they had none
they were willing to lend him; his unsavory reputation had.
caught up wit him, Unable or unwilling to face the reality of
his situation, Lord Cyrus Wakefield blew his bras out on
‘April 10, 1906 in the owner's suite of the Royal Phoenix.

Several of Wakefield's creditors nid claim tothe yacht.
‘Among them was Vannevar Thomas, a wealthy Vampire
‘who had helped bankroll several of Wakefield's investment
schemes, He used his Dominate Discipline to gain control of
the yacht and succeeded on April 15 in gaining tite to the
Phoenix. He immediately began to make plans for tuming it

Vampire Club ni


{nto his own floating Haven, Nature, however, had other
ideas,

‘April 18, 1906, isa date that lives forever in the memories
‘of the people and Kindred of San Francisco, On that day, a
‘massive earthquake rocked the city, followed by two days of
fires. The Phoenix was lifted from its moorings by a gigantic
‘wave and slammed ashore in the Marina District. The yacht
suffered some structural damage but remained largely intact,
due primarily to her reinforced stew! hull The major problem
facing Thomas was that the Phoenix was on dry land, requir-
ing a massive effort and a great deal of money to make her
seaworthy again,

Vannevar Thomas had other more pressing. problems.
‘There were a number of Kindred and their Retainers who
rnceded help in rebuilding shattered Havens or finding new
cones, Salvaging the yacht was put on bold, though Thomas
did purchase the tract of land the yacht sat on. Ho sill wate.
to sce the Royal Phocnix restored but, as one of the Elders of
San Francisco, he had responsibilities to the Domain.

{In 1908, a powerful English Vampire and his retinuecame
to visit San Francisco, This Kindred, who called himself
Endymion, was a Fifth-Generation Toreadorand well-known,
poet. He and his poople enjoyed their stay and the hospitality
that they received. ‘The highlight of the visit came when
‘Endymion Presented his Neonate, another English man of
lowers named Sebastian Melmoth, to the Prince in a grand
‘occasion with splendor and revelry still talked ubout today.
Shortly thereafier, Endymion and his retinue retuned to
‘England. However, his Neonate, Sebastian Mctrmoth, wished
\o remain in San Francisco. Sebastian had visited San Fran-
«incon 1882 when he was moral, and the Prince graciously
granted his request. Thus Sebastian became a resident of the
Domain.

‘With his sharp wit and keen mind, Scbastian quickly
‘became a favorite with the local Kindred. Among his close
fiends was Vannevar Thomas, who had enjoyed and ad-
‘mired Sebastian's Work as a mortal author and was glad
Sebastian had chosen San Francisco as his home, Unfortu-
nately, Vannevar did not have much time to spend enjoying.
Sebastian's company. San Francisco was rebuilding and
‘Thomas was busy helping with the reconstruction,

(One of the major problemns facing Thomas was what to do
with the Royal Phoenix. The ship had settled deep into the
muck and debris. Itwould cast» small fortane to salvage and
‘Thomas was undergoing a temporary money crunch, When
‘construction began on the Pacific International Exposition
site, Thomas had 1o make a decision. He decided to bury the
yacht and write it off as a loss.

‘Atihis point, Sebastian approached him with an idea, Why
‘ot turn the Royal Phoenix into a gathering place for Kin-
dred? It would be a place where Vampires could come and.
seeialize with cach other without having, 10 Worry about
‘breaking the Masquerade — a club devoted exclusively to
Kindred. Thomas thought about it for @ while and finally

agreed that it would be an interesting idea. "The Vampire Clb
was born,

‘Vannevar Thomas began building an exposition hall above
the yacht. After sunset, specially Dominated crews of work-
‘men would go below to do the major work of restoring the
yacht. The engines and machinery had already been removed
‘and disposed of, $0 the majority ofthe work was cleaning out
the accumulated muck and getting the interior ready forthe
decorators, Once that was done, Schastian and several odie:
‘members of the local Toreador Guild began planning the
interior design It wasa labor oflovefor them, and much time
‘and money was lavished on the club, This was to be some-
place epecial,

‘The opening date for the Vampire Club was sched for
October 31, 1917. A special Grand Ball was planned and,
invitations were ent outto many prominent Toreador Guilds
‘Curer members of me Camanitla were also mvited. Before the
affair, however, Sebastian Molmoth and Vannevar Thomas
sat down and had a long planning session regarding the
‘operation of theclub. It was docided that only Kindred should
beallowed down into the club, allowing the Kindred to act
‘more freely without having to worry about mortals.

[Now there was another problem to be solved. What to do
bout the Retainers who would be "upsisirs" waiting for their
Kindred? Thomss thought about it for a while and came wp
withan idea, Why not take the exposition all ancl wr it into
 privato club for Retainers? Sebastian liked the idea. Not
only did it give the Retainers some means of entertainment
(thereby keeping them out of mischief) but italso kept them
lose at hand, Thomas named the new enterprise the
‘Alexandrian Club in honor of his mortal birthplace of Alex-
andra, Virginia. a

‘Onthe evening of October 31, 1917, the first guests began
1 artive, The Princes and Primogen of several major cities
were in attendance as well as several renowned Toreador
‘Antises. For hours the cream of Kindred society mized,
talking, joking, plotting and scheming, Just before all the
‘guests sank into sleep forthe day, everyone proclaimed that
they had had a wonderful time, and the Vampire Club was off
102 rip-roaring start

For the first few years, the Club was the scene of a number
of sophisticated revels. Then the scene began to change. The
Domain of Los Angeles was coming under siege from the
influx of Anarchs. The Duwnain of Seale was also beginning
to show signs of strain, By the mid-1920s, the Vampire Club
‘was becoming a favorite meeting place for members of
‘Yarious factions as they wove their webs of plots and coun-
sweplots. Scbastian and his staff were hard pressed a times 10
kkoop things peaceful. Fortunately for the Vampire Club,
Vannevar Thomas was now Prince of San Francisco. He
brought the resources of the Domain to bear when needed.

ven the Stock Market Crash of 1929 and the Great
Depression could not put a damiper on things. With the
Prince's help, the Vampire Club acquired an adjacent apart-
ment building for use asa staff residence, The partying went

22 World of Darkness


on and so did the intrigue. By the time of the Club's 25th
Anniversary, in 1942, the Domain of San Francisco had
‘rained a reputationas the "Casablanca of the West Coast." If
the Domain was Casablanca, then the Vampire Club was
surely Rick's Cafe,

When the Domain of Los Angeles finally fell to the
Anarche in 1944, business at the Vampire Clubslowed down.
Despite Sebastian's best assurances, many members of the
(Camarilla cancelled their plans to visit the Club out of fear

that Anarchs would strike them down. Weeks would go by
‘with no now visitors, till, Sebastian maintained his tradition

(ofthe "Open Door". [twas his dream, his visi
‘not going to sec it changed.

Tho ond of World War II brought 4 now "life" to the
‘Vampire Club, With tens of thousands of American service-
men and women passing through San Francisco on their way
to the Pacific during the war, the city became the happy
Ibunting ground for many Kindred. t showed the Camasilla
that despite the anarchy surrounding it, the Domain of San
Francisco was still relatively safe place o visit. Business at
the Vampire Club picked up again and soon things were back
to normal. The intrigue took oa an international flavor as 3

und be was

Vampire Club 123


number of European Kindred would meet at tho Club to
discuss the situation on the Continent and what to do about it.
‘Sbastian was dolighted as his and the Club's prestige grew
‘once more,

During the postwar period, the Vampire Club became the
scene of one ofthe most dramatic episodes in recent Cama-
sila history, In 1946, a Conclave called by the Prince of San
Francisco led to several weeks of heated negotiations. The
‘end rogult, the Palatine Treaty, was signed in the Main Salon
and gave the Domain of San Francisco an unbeard-of amount
of autonomy,

‘The Palatine Treaty not only made the Domain of San
Francisco bat the Vampire Clab as well. The Club was now
recognized throughout the Kindred world as the place to
‘come for business and pleasure. In 1967, Sebastian staged the
Kindred version of the "Summer of Love" to celebrate the
‘Ciub's 30m Anniversary, bringing Elders and Anarchs 10-
gether from throughout California and across the world.
‘Many ofthe Camarilla stayed away but those who went came
back with a boter understanding of Anarchs and their mo-
tives, The Anarchs, atleast the more intellectually incined,
‘gained new perspectives on the Elders. All present came up
‘with new schemes to do inthe others with. Several prominent
Camarilla members, including Lodin, Prince of Chicago,
‘boycoued dhe Club and still do to this day.

‘The Earthquake of 1989 did litle to harm the Club, While
several blocks of the Marina District were devastated, the
Vampire Club, the Alexandrian Club and the Westminster
‘Aparments escaped with only minor damage, though the
(Club did suspend operations fora few weeks until the media
frenzy died down. Today, the Vampire Club is sill going
song fter75 yeurs. Ashe Club'screator, Sebastian Melmoth
says," We've survived Prohibition, anarchy, andearthquakes
in the first seventy-five years. Who knows what the rest of
cternity may bring? It should be interesting, to say the least."
———

Exterior Description

Structurally, both buildings are quite sound. They were
‘built in the period following the Great Earthquake of 1906,
and have walls made of triple-layered brick with reinforced
window and! door frames, The windows are constructed from
‘doubly thick bulletproof glassand the doors are massive solid
‘oak with brass Fixtures, Both buildings give a generalimpres-
sion of age, gentility and durability. On the wall next to the
‘main gat isa large brass plaque whichread""The Alexandrian
(Clab. Founded 1917, Private, Members Only." There is a
security guard atthe gate 24 bours a day.

‘The grounds themselves are well-kept and the small lot
betweenthe Alexandrian and the Westminster features several
pieces of sculpuire by various artists. The centerpiece is a
metal eculpture hy Alexander Calder, There are several
benches and bles there for use by the club members. There
{is alsoa mall lower garden with a stone walkway for those
who appreciate the beauty of nature,

124

Interior Description

‘The interior of the Alexandrian Club is even more im-

peessive than its exterior. No expense was spared on its
interior decoration. The rooms are as follows:

Foyer and Reception Area

is Large (95 x SO foo) srea is the first thing guests see.
Paintings and photographs adorn the oak-panclied walls and
a large Persian carpet covers the parquet wood floor. There
are several sofas and chairs for the comfort of the guests.

Off to the right, in an alcove, i dhe courtesy desk. This is
large, classic mahogany desk where guests check in. A staff
‘member on duty 24 hours a day not only registers guests but
helps Kindred und their Retainers with a numberof services,
incleding carrental, tours ticketsto various socialevent aid
hotel eservations

‘Behind the courtesy deskis the office of Michelle Stevens,
the day manager of the Alexandrian Club, The office decor
‘matches that of the rest of the foyer. Michelle can be found
in the office from 9 am, to S pm, on most days. Any
‘problems that crop up during the day are handled through her.

The Main Lounge

"Through the large double oak doors at the far end of the
reception is the main lounge, This isa large area with wall-
‘o-wall carpeting and teakwood paneling, Large easy chairs,
coffee tables, and sofas dot the area. Massive burgundy
velvet drapes outline the windows and are drawn every
‘evening at sunset.

‘The overall atmosphere of the main lounge is one of quict
gentility. Here, the Kindred and their Retainers can relax,
catch up on local gossip, plan their activities, and generally
take a break from the frantic pace of unlife, Rowdy, boisier-
ous behaviour is frowned upon. If the offending parties
persist then active measures are taken by the security staff 10
‘bring them into line.

The Dining Room

‘Off tothe right of the main lounge, another pair of double
doors Jeads to the Dining Room. The decor here is much the
‘same as the main lounge except that tables and chairs take the
place of the sofas and casy cluairs of the main tounge. The
linen, crystal and place sewings are of the finest quality.
Every now and again one ofthe silver place settings finds its
way into a guest's luggage: although offically frowned on,
sch incidcats are ueated more as peaks Unan anything else.

‘Meals are served buffet style from long tables filled with
_various types of dishes. The cuisine is uniformly excellent,
"The becakfast buffet is from 7 a.m, 09 a.m, lunch is from
1:30. 02:30 pam. and dinner is served from 7 p.m. to 11
'pam.. After sundown, the dining room is closed off from the
‘main oungeas many Kindred find the sightand smell of food
to be repulsive,

World of Darkness


From midnight i about an hour before sunrise, the back
half of the dining room is partitioned off. A buffet of cold
‘cus, fruit, cheese, and bread is set out for any Retainers or
Kindred who fcc! the need fora late-night snack (other than
the obvious), The front half ofthe dining mom then becomes
‘an extension ofthe main lounge, but can also be reserved for
special occasions between midnight and four. One of the
‘most recent examples was when a coterie of Ventmue from
‘Atlanta staged a wine-tasting party for their Retainers,

In hack of the dining mom ie the kitchen. It has heen
recently remodeled with new grills and other improvements.
‘The kitchen staff is on duty from 6 a.m. to midnight, There is
also a well stocked pantry/wine room,

‘At the back of the main tounge is the night manager's
office, Every night from dusk to dawn, Tex R. Cainen
oversees the operations of the Alexandrian Club, Tex, an
Eighth-Generation Toreador, serves as host, entertainment
director, and plays a mean blucs guitar to boot. Ho is espe-
cially skilled at working with mortals and is frequently taken
for one (much to his amusement).

Bar and Billiards Room

(Off to the left of the main lounge isthe Bar and Billiards
‘Room. This large room is decorated in the style of a high-

Vampire Club

class, tun-of:the-century San Francisco bar. There is plenty
of oak, brass, red velvet, and Tiffany glass, The massive bar
ismade of mahogany witha brassrail around the bottom. The
‘bar is well stocked with only the finest liquor, as befits the
overall genic! hedonism of the club. The tables and booths
are also made of oak.

‘Towards the rear of the baris large classic billiards table,
Originally part of the fixtures on board the Royal Phoenix,
the table was brought up from the yacht when the Alexandrian
‘Club was built. Although many of the more modern Kindred
and their Retainers prefer video games, the table still draws
quite a crowd. Sebastian Melmoth himself has been known
1 pat in an appearance every now and again for a game or
two,

At the front of the ba is another door leading into a very
different kind of lounge, The decor here is very modern, with
cchrome and black leather in abundance. Lighting is very dim
and dezearcno tables, just vous and alvyves. tthastecealy
fgotien the nickname of "Ten Forward." This isa place for
uit and intense conversations (not to mention intrigues and
plotting).

‘The bar is open from noon to 2 a.m., seven days a week.
‘During the day, there is only one bartender on duty. After
‘sunddown, there are two, There is1no waitstaff so putrons just

2s


belly up to the bar, gettheir drinks and Find a scat. Although
‘some may find this an inconvenience, itdoes cut down on the
‘number of people required to run the place,

‘At the far endl of the Main Lounge is a large, omate
staircase leading to the facilities on the second floor.

‘The Library and Reading Room

‘A large, L-shaped room lined with floor to ceiling with
‘bookshelves, the reading room features comfortable chairs
and small tables for funiture, The books themselves range
from the great classics of literature to the latest techno-
Usillers. There is also a wide selection of magazines and
‘newspapers. This room is open all day.

‘The Map Room

‘Nexttothe library ita smaller room with large tables. This
room houses a collection of maps ind atlases both antique
tnd modern. There are also a number of city guidebooks
available here as well,

16

Gallery

A large open area devoted to the display of various works
‘of an, itis considered to be a status coup to have your work
displayed here. The gallery is also open at all times.

Security Office

"This room is not open to guests. The door, walls, nd floor
‘ercheavily reinforced. Insidcare several deshs with vonsyutes
terminals, two banks of TV monitors and a communications
‘console, ‘The weapons locker is well stocked with eight
tasers, six H&K MP-5SD submachineguns, a dozen sharp-
coed stakes, and various other restraint devices. These ate
alwaystwo security personne! on duty here with severalmare
roaming around the club. All telecommunications into and
‘ut of the Club go through here,

Storage

Just as the name implies, this room is not open to guests
either, Usually the club keeps nothing of interest bere, baton

World of Darkness


atleast one occasion, a guest, staked after getting outof hand,
‘was left here for several days.

Art Studio

‘A small bat well-equipped art studio is provided for the
use of the guests. There are several lockers containing art
supplies of various types, Thestudo is available by reservation
only.

Music Room

‘Actually more of a mini-tecording studio, complete with
grand piano, synthesizers and a state- of-the-art mixing
oad. The walls are soundproofed and there aro plenty of
clectrical outlets for plogging in. Guests are expected to
provide their own sound technicians. Like the art studio, this
oom is available by reservation only.

The Solarium

‘Alarge open oom with a hardwood floor and pastel walls,
the Solarium is generally used as an exercise room by the
guests. There are a number of mats and several exercise
machines for those who wish to improve or maintain their
physiques. Two large French doors lead to 2 sun deck for
those Retainers who wish to work on their tans. The view of
‘San Francisco Bay is spectacular no matter what time of day
or night itis. Many Kindred find the deck a great place to
enjoy the night and its beauty.

Video Room

‘The Video Room was originally designed as a small
serecning room for movies. Aa electronics technology be-
‘came more and more common, the room was remodelled in
1982 to accommodate a large screen television. A satellite
ish on the roof of the club provides more viewing channels
than anyone could imagine. A video cassette library of over
$5,000 ttl cater to all tases. There are also several private
‘viewing booths as well. The decor is art deco at its best (or
‘worst, depending on your tases). The Video Room is open at
all times and can also be reserved for special viewings.

Conference Rooms

‘There are three spacious conference rooms on the second
floor. The decor is Victonan, with a large oak table and,
hhighbacked chairsin each one, There are also severalcouches
and easy chairs as well. The walls are panelled in oak and are
soundproofed to insure a measure of privacy. Once a day, a
‘member ol the security staf electronically sweeps the rooms
to remove any unwanted listening devices, Over the years,
these rooms have been used for everything from plotting the
overthrow of a Prince to marathon poker games to romantic
‘ysis. They are available through reservation although they
are usually kept open when the Club is exceptionally busy.

Vampire Club

The Vampire Club

‘Under the staircase in the main lounge of the Alexandrian
Club is a small alcove, In this alcove is a large oak door
marked "Private", In 75 years, no moral has ever gone
‘beyond that door and retumed alive. It isthe doorway tthe
‘Vampire Club itself,

Beyond the door is a passageway leading down with 13,
‘stone steps. According to tradition, the steps represent the 13
clans of Vampiric lore. On the right hand wall is a mural
‘depicting Orpheus' descent into the underworld, while on the
left is a mural depicting the various stages of Vampire
existence. The lighting is provided a few electric candle
bolders. The overall impression is that of a descent ito the
underworld, Well, itis.

‘At the boom of the stairs is another massive oak door.
‘Carved into it is depiction of Cerberus, the three-headed
dog legend says guards the gates of Hades. There is 2 large
brass ring which serves asa door knocker inthe mouth ofthe
middle head, According to tradition, Kindred must knock
three times. The door then swings open,

Toa first-time Kindsed guest, the Main Salon may sccm
‘rather bizarre after the passageway. It looks like the main
salon of x luxury yacht, which it is. The decor is best
deseribed as "Victorian Excess." Paintings of various sailing
ships hang on the walls, giving the whole room a somewhat
jaunty nautical air. There are couches and chairs and even a
large crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling, The port-
holes are scaled. Any Kindred looking through them will sce
rothing but blackness.

Forward of the Main Salon is the Da Vinci Salon. The
theme of this room is the Renaissance: period furniture is
‘everywhere, along with various pieces of sculpture. Most
rotable are life-size statues of Niccolo Machiavelli and
Damte Allegheri, On one wall are portraits ofthe Borgias and
the DeMedicis. Ina small alcove is a portrut of an unarmed
Eastern European nobleman.

‘On the other wall are several large murals, The frst is a
dark parody of the Nativity Scene, Tho Child is a young
Kindred, while his parents are representations of Caine and
Lilith. The Three Wise Men are represented as a trio of
‘demonic figures while the "came" in the Manger are human
beings.

‘The second mural depicts strange version of "The
Crucifixion." In it, « Christ-like Cainite is shown hanging
from a cross while a rather animalistic Roman centurion
drivesa stake through his heart. A hauntingly beautiful Mary
‘Magdalene looks on, The entire scene is dark and gloomy.

"The third murat shows a besua-looking figare crupaing
from the ground in rontofacave. Bat-winged angels look on

27


Die Cathe Cnreem Cone ney ae fo

and.a shadowy group of Kindred form a choir. These murals
have stirred some controversy among the Kindred, but none
can deny thei sinister beauty and compelling power.

‘The ceiling of the Salon is painted in a dark parody of
Michaelangelo's "The Creation," and the walls ateither end
are hang with small tapestries. Lighting ix provided by
electric candles and is designed to accentuate the paintings
and sculpture,

At the far end of the Da Vinci Salon isa classical Greek
‘doorway. This door leads to the Parthenon Room where the
theme is the Ancient World. There are no chairs here, just
couches to meine on. There isa representation ofa classical
Greek stairway at one end of the salon, Here, Kindred
philosophers may present their ideas inan appropriate setting.
‘Busts of famous figure from the period, including Homer,
Plato, Hannibal. Caesar and Alexander the Great, Line the
walls.

‘The walls themselves are covered with mosaics depicting
scenes from ancient history. The Siege of Troy, the Fall of
Carthage and the Pall of Rowe are represented. One wall is
devoted to the Odyssey while part of another wall tells the
sory of the Acnead. One of the most interesting mosaics
shows the founding of Carthage. Lighting comes from a
number of electric bazieas fovaund arvund the room,

tthe other end of the Main Salon is another doorway that
leads to the Voltaire Salon with its theme of the Enlighten-
ment. The decor is classic French and the artwork comple
‘ments it Busts of Voltaire, Rousseau and Hobbes are to be
foundhere. Thereis large portrait of Lord Byrononone wall
\hile the othr has several smaller portraits of figures suchas
John Keats, Predetick the Great, Catherine the Great of

128

Russia, and of course King Louis XIV of France. There is a
‘small mural on the other wall depicting the signing of the
Declaration of Independence witha bust of Thomas Jefferson
located next to it

‘There's aharpsichord in onecomerof theroom along with
several musicstands, Above ithang portraits of Mozart, Bach
and Beethoven. The room is generally much more brightly lt
than other parts of the club.

‘On the other side of the Voltaire Salon is the After House.
"There is no particular theme to this room. Several Impres-
sionist paintings hang on the walls, and the couches and
‘chairs ar large and comforable, It 3 designed primasily a3
aquict place to sit and reflect on what one has seen and heard.
‘The lighting is dim and the overall air is one of quict
‘contemplation, Behind the After House is the Upper End. It
ie a emall roltively cramped area that is kept constantly in
total darknoss, It is used as 8 storage area, though many a
visiting Nosferatu have found it to be quite comfortable.
‘Thereis.a small staircase here which leads down tothe Lower
Deck.

‘There isa large staircase in the Main Salon which also
leads tothe Lower Deck. At the bottom of the stairs isa large
area called the Etemnal Pageant. The lighting is a dim blood
red. Along one wall are 15 large pamtings, each one repre-
senting one of the 13 clans. On the other wall is alarge mural
represcating a Vampire's progress towards Golconda. There
are chairs, couches, tables and cushions inall styles. A small
stage isin onc comer of the room.

Frere the ongoing psychodrama of Vampiric life is played
‘out Is hard o tol at times what is artistic fantasy and what
is grim reality, Sebastian considers himself the author and

World of Darkness


many Kindred think be deliberately manipulates them for
dramatic purposes. Others do not care, To them the Eternal
Pageant isa place to revel in their existence. Gossip, plots,
inurigues, even the occasional Frenzy are all played out here
in song, dance, drama and verse.

Forward ofthe Pageant isa small, heavily-armored room,
‘This is Sebastian's Sanctum, It is furnished in late-Victorian
style, complete with a four-poster bed. Here Sebastian sleeps
sway the daylight hours and prepares for the night's revels.
Noone but Sebastian and his current loverare allowedin. The
door is kept locked during the night and only Scbastian has
the key.

Beyondihe Sanctum s the Library, occupying the forward
tnd of the yacht. The decor is French Provincial, There is a
lareeponraitofa young. nude, Mary Shelley on one wall. and
interspersed among the bookshelves are photographs and
portraits of famous authors. Among them are Bram Stoker,
Edgar Allen Poe, H.P, Lovecraft, Ambrose Bierce, Stephen
King, Robe Bloch and Clive Barker, Some are even
autographed,

‘There are more than 2,000 volumes here, all concerning
hhorrorand the supematural. The primary emphasis, ofcourse,
ic on Vampires,

‘Aside from fiction, there are numerous serious" works by
such authors as Charles Fortand Montague Summers. These

is also a large "History of the Camarill." It should be noted
that this book is reganded as a work in progress. There arealso
several diaries and Clan books by Kindred themselves. Only
the authors know whether they are fac, fiction or 3 mixture
of both.

‘AL the other end of the Eternal Pageant is a doorway
Jeading into The Black Hole. This room gotits name from the
fact that it used to be the engine room of the yacht. Trai
tionally, the boiler room crews on board a vessel are know
as the "Black Hole Gang." Sebastian liked the name and be
eptit. Overthe years, the Black Hole has served asthe dance
room of the Vampire Club. There is a small stage in one
‘comer of the room which has had virtually every type of
Kindred musical group perform on it. From classical string
‘quancts to Dixieland jazz to rap groups, the stage hus served
aa showcase for aspiring musicians.

‘The walls are heavily baffled and painted black. Te flooe
is stel, painted a dark burgundy. Small booths line the wall
and the lighting is dim to nonexistent. This room is favored
by younger Licks who enjoy dancing, socializing, and com
plaining about their Elders. The Black Hole hasalso been the
scene of some epic Brujah Rants. Sebastian has been known
to join in on occasion and has gained the respeet of x number
‘of Brujah for his wit and insight.

Behind the Black Hole is the Lower End, which is pretty
‘much like its upstairs counterpart. This room is always kept

THE VAMPIRE CLUB - UPPER DECK

Vampire Club 129


in total darknoss, There sre numerous cushions scattered
about the floor, Here, many a Kindred couple have shared
blood and engaged in other amorous pursuits,

<< __.
Socializing

Etiquette

‘As Sebastian Melmothis fondof saying, "[don'tcare what
you do here as Jong as you don't annoy the other guests and
‘doa't endanger the Masquerade." Discretion isthe key word
forthe Alexandrian Club and Kindred are responsible for the.
behaviour of their Rettiners. While a certain amount of
rowdinessis to beexpected, too much will draw the attention
of the socurity staff, The first time the offending Kindred and
their Retainers will be wamed. The second time usually
results in a temporary barring from the club. The third time
~ well, the least severe of the consequences is being black-
balled from the club.

Inhe Vampire Club sel, just aboutanything goes. After
all, the only ones to see you are other Kindred. The one thing
‘not permitted down there or anywhere clse on the club
‘rounds is Diablere, There are no wamings for this. Offend
£8 will be disposed of om the spot.

‘There is no "official" dress code forthe Club. It is prety
much come ax you are or want to be seen. ILis not uncommon,
however, for Kindred and thei Retainers to dress thls best
for an appearance at the Club. This is especially true of the
Ventruc and Toreador Clans.

130

‘Customarily, out-of-town guests notify the Club manage-
‘ment ahead of time about their plans to visi. This gives the
staff some lead time to make any special arrangements
necessary, Local Kindred generally just show up, and many
‘of them are Long-time habitues ofthe club, Their habits and
tastes are well known to the staff. On the average, about six
to 12 Kindred and their Retainers can be found visiting the
‘club any given time. During special occasions, such as the
Grand Masque Ball on Halloween, this number increases
‘dramatically,

‘AsKindredare responsible for their Retainers' behaviour,
they are also responsible for paying their bills. The Club
‘offers food and drink at reasonable prices. The cost of using
‘the acilitis varies, butis generally inexpensive. Any damage
‘done to club property and personne! is also expected to be
paid for. Credit can be extended but only under special
Circumstances. Kindred themselves, of course, pay nothing.

Security

‘As one might expect, security at the club is extremely
tight, The outer grounds are crisscrossed with a maze of
sensors and there is a security camera at every gate. The
‘guardhouse at the Main Gate is heavily reinforced with
bulletproof glass. Thore are a series of scasors in the Foyer
‘and Reception Area that give the Security Office a good idea
‘of who's Kindred and who isn't. There is an alarm system for
the entire building that gives the exact location of any
‘breakin, Every room can be sealed off to isolate any potcor
tially explosive simations.

Fire protection for the. Alexandrian Club is provided by a
sophisticated detection system. In the event of an outbreak of
fire, the room 8 sealed ott and flooded with inert halogen gas.

World of Darkness


Over the years, there have been only a few minor fires atthe
‘Alexandrian Club and these have been quickly dealt with,

‘The socurity for the Vampire Clubs even more stringent.
The upper door is oak with'a steel core, and has three
eadbolis. Theyre securedevery moming by the Alexandrian
‘Club's night manager, Tex R.Cainen, while on his way down
to the Vampire Club. He is also responsible for unlocking
‘hem every evening and greeting the waiting Kindred with a
cheerful "Hello devils, welcome to Heit!" Theres alsoa TV
‘camera discreetly located over the door, with a monitor
located in Sebastian's Sanctum. The passageway itself has a
ow-light welevision camera 10 help keep an eye on the
‘comings and goings of the Kindred guests. The door atthe
‘bottom of stairway is built the same way, complete with three
heavy-duty deadtolis,

Inside the Vampire Club, the doors to all the rooms can be
‘closed and locked by remote control. Sebastian carris the
‘electronic key around with him, a fact which has proven
‘specially helpful when things get too rough-and-tumble in
the Black Hole. In the event of s major brawi, Sebastian just
szals off the doors and lets everybody in there get by as best
they can. By means of a TV camera, he keeps an eye on the
violence, making note of who does what and to whom. fit
ies down to civilized level, be will open the doors again.
If it goes on, be leaves instructions for a specially trained
security team to come in during the day and "tidy the place
up s bit." The members of this team are the only humans
‘Sebastian would allow down in the Club, He has not had
‘oceaision w use them... yet. None of the guests know of the
‘existence ofthis team, I is Sebastian's ace in the hole.

Fire protection is the same as for the Alexandrian Club.
‘Considering the fact that there is no circulation down inthe
‘Vampire Club, what ai is down there is rather om the: stale
side. But after all, who breathes down there anyway? (The
special security team uses oxygen masks.) In the unlikely
‘event of fire, a halogen gas system is used like the one
wpstairs,

‘The security staff consists of eight men and four women.
All are ex-military, and are now Ghouls Bloud Boul 1
Sebastian, They are well-trained in the martial arts and
‘weapons use. The security staff is quiet and unobirusive most
‘of the time. They only make their presence felt when neces-
sary. They arctatefully dreased in black and gold (evolu
of the City of San Francisco) like the rest of the suff,

Given the level of security and fire protection, it is not
unasual for Kindred guests to use the Vampire Club
lemporary Haven, Sebastian doesn't mind since there is

‘generally plenty of room and it means the party keeps on
‘going the next night.

Kine Relations

‘The 7 years of the Vampire Club's existence have been
‘marked by low-key relations with the mortal world. Any and
all contact is handled through the Alexandrian Clab, There

Vampire Club

thas never been any trouble or any cause forthe police tobe
called. The Alexandrian Club pumps money into the local
economy and keeps a low profil, 4 policy that reaps great
dividends in San Francisco. The buildings and grounds are
well-kept, fire and bealth inspectors are either bribed or
‘Dominated to look the other way and the relevant food and
fiquor licenses are kept current while any local, sate o
Fedral tancs are paid promply,

‘Several years ago a group of civil rights crusaders applica
{for memnbership. When they were tumed down, they threat
aed a lawsuit. Ata privatc meeting, they were informed by
otticiais to forget the lavsuit because they did nothavealeg
to stand on. The manager of the Alexandrian Club, Michelle
‘Stevens (a black woman) atended the meeting. She wld the
activists the club was multiracial but membership was strictly
limited. The group decided to go ahead with thir lawsuit
anyway, only to have it thrown out of court,

Kindred Relations

‘The Vampire Club and the Palatinate of San Francisco
‘have a Jong and cordial relationship, The Palatine Council
often meets at the Club and will mobilize its Vigilance
‘Committe to assist with security at the Club if necessary. In
return, the local Rewiners may always visit the Club at no
cost.

‘When political clout is needed, asin the case of the civil
rights suit, the Council has always backed the Club. They
have even gone head wo head with some of the Camarilla, a
fact Sebastian appreciates and responds to, inkind, whenever
hecan.

One of the most interesting relationships is the one
between the Vampire Club and the Assamite Clan. In 75
years, no Assamite has performed an assasination anywhere
‘on club property. Rumors abound as to why this is 30, some
say that Sebastian pays them off, others say the Assamites
like to use the Vampire Club as a place to meet potential
employers. Whatever the reason, only Sobastian and the
Elders of the Assamite Clan know the tui, and they are ot
telling anybody,

Incredibly enough, even a number of Anarchs hold the
Club in respect, They like it becauso itis a neutral meeting
‘ground, Here the laws of the Carmarilla are secondary tothe
laws of "civilized behaviour." There have been severa!
attempts in the past by groups of younger Anarchs to "crash
and tash" the Club, but such attempts have always ended in
dismal failure, Current rumor among the Anarchs is that
someone or something very powerful is protecting the Club.
Somehow, itis just not worth the pain and the trouble when
there are other, easier targets closer to home,

Magi Relations

‘The Vampire Club has slways tried to maintain contial
relations with the mystical orders of San Francisco.as well as

BI


‘other groups throughout the world. Many magi find the Club
to be fascinating while others regard it as a blasphemy. No
‘matter what the opinion is, however, magi leave the Club and
its guests alone.

—$—
Patrons
Kindred

"The Vampire Club is considered by many to be the place
‘w go. It is a monument to the Damned and their existence:
‘unlikeanything else on earth. Itisaplace where Neonates are
taken to learn what being a Vampire is all about.

‘The Toreador and Ventrue Clans are the main patrons of
the Club. For many aspiring Toredor Artistes, having your
‘work displayed at the Club is considered a step up. Being
sked to perform there will definitly raise one's satus and
that of one's Sire as well ~ but be careful, because failure has
a high price. Another way to gain status is to be asked by
‘Sebastian to assist him temporarily in running the Vampire

(Club, It is the sort of thing that Toreador Artistes dream
about,

While the majority of Toreadors who show up are
‘Amtistes, the Poseurs will also put in an appearance. This
usually occurs during a grand party, and often results in
sharp exchanges with the Anistes. Scbastian considers it
all part of the ongoing drama of Kindred unlife.

‘The Veatrue cajoy the Alexandrian Club as much as
they do the Vampire Club, Indeed, a number of them very
rarely venture downstairs. They like the elegance and
lass of the Alexandrian and will often party with their
Retainers, However, when sunrise comes, most make
their way to the safety of the Vampire Club,

‘The more intellectually inclined of the Brujah Clan find
the Vampire Club an ideal place wo exchange ideas. The
younger ones find it boring andare the ones mos likely to
‘cause trouble. No one is certain why the Malkavians show
‘up. They may not even know themselves. They do say
they like the Vampire Club because it shows promise
(whatever that means).

‘The other clans only put in an occasional appearance.
‘The Tremere consider San Francisco to be a dangerous
place because of the number and power of human occult-
sts, The Nosferatu and Gangrel prefer theirown company
while the Followers of Set and the Assamites will show
up only when business requires them to. The Giovannis
‘have only attended once in the club's history, while the
Ravnos find the club's security too restrictive. Caitiff,
‘however, find the Club's open door policy to be a refresh-
ing change from the usual social stigma that is their daily

Jot, but most Anarchs find the Vampire Club boring. When

they come to San Francisco, they prefer to party at local

nightspots like the 1-Beam or DV8.

Magi
Occasionally, some of the members of the local occult

‘onders will drop in at the Club. They never go downstairs,

(preferring instead the camaraderie of the Alexandrian Club.

Usually. they are magi from eitherthe Collegium Hermeticum

"orthe Sisterhood of Salem. Schastian encourages the Magito

visit Recently, however, the visits have become more and

‘more infrequent. Itis a source of concern for Sebastian as to

why this ss.

Other Places

‘Thore are two other Kindred owned clubs in San Fran-
cisco. The fistis the Bird of Paradise Lounge, Located in the
‘heartof the seedy and rundown Tenderloin District, this chub
features nude dancers (male and female) and other diverse
‘entertainments, It is owned and operated by a Seventh
Generation Malkavian, so the action can get pretty bizarre.

132 World of Darkness


"The socond club i called Cafe Prague. This coffee house
is located in the Haight-Ashbury District. It is a favorite
meeting place for visiting Brujah who enjoy its "Radical
60's" atmosphere, The owner is a Ninth-Generation Torea-
dor Antiste,
ey
Personnel

Oscar Wilde ("Sebastian Melmoth")

‘The owner/ereator ofthe Vampire Club was bom October
16, 1854 in Dublin, Ireland The son of @ wealthy physician,
‘Oscar studied at Trinity College in Dublin and at Magadalen
‘College, Oxford, From his youth, Oscar showed an amazing,
talent for writing,

‘After college, he atuacted a great deal of alicution by
‘championing the Aestbedic School of thought. This was the
"an for an's sake" school of thinking. At this time, he also
was beginning wo attract the attention of the Toreador Clan.
‘Oscar expressed his beliefs in his lifestyle, He indulged in
eccentric dress such as velvet knee breeches 1nd often
appeared in public with a lower or two, He was such an
‘outspoken and public figure that he was satirized by Gilbert
‘and Sullivan in their musical Pationce.

‘Oscar overcame the intial ridicule and began to be taken
seriously asthe "Apostle of Aestheticism." The first volume
‘of his poetry, aptly tiled Poems was published in 1881. In
1882, he had a successful tour of the United States which
included a stop in San Francisco, acity Oscar fell inlove with.
‘The feeling was mutual, In 1883 and 1884, he successfully
toured the British sles, and for the next several years worked
25.4 Jouralst, primarily writing book reviews. From 18%?
101889, he edited Woman's World magazin, In 1888, Oscar
‘rove and published The Happy Prince and Other Tales, a
collection of well-received fairy stories. In 1891, he pub-
lished another collection called The House of Pomegranates.

‘Oscar was more than just a writer of poems and fairy tes.
{In 1889, he wrote The Portrait of Me. W.Hl., a theory about
Shakespeare's sonnets. He wrote about social problems in
1891 inan essay tiled The Soul of Man Under Socialism, He
also wrote other essays noted for their wit and charm. His
‘only novel, The Portrait of Dorian Gray, was published in
1890. {It was widely criticized for its supposed immorality.
I is as a playwrite that Wilde really made his mark.
‘Although his first two plays, Vera (writen in 1880) and The
Duchess of Padua (writen in 1883) were considered unsuc-
cecil, Oxcar continued a. His major breakthrough came
with the 1892 production of Lady Windemere's Fan. His
next thee plays were even more successful and acclaimed
than his frst one; Oscar's star was definitely on the rise.
In 1892, Oscar metLord Alfred Douglas, the third son of
the Marquis of Queensbury, For reasons still unknown, he
became infatuated with the young man and appeared every-
where in his company. Unfortunately, Lord Alfred dragged
Oscar into the ongoing fea bewween hinwelf and his father,

‘the Marquis. The uproar led to Oscar's suing the Manyuis for
libel. Unfortunately, the case collapsed in court In 1895,
‘Oscar was tried for homosexual offenses, found guilty, and
‘sentenced to two years imprisonment with hard labor. He
‘also went bankrupt in November ofthat sami year. The press,
Which tad lionized him before, now vilified him with an even
greater fervor.

Afice spending two homendous years in prison, Oscar
moved to France. He wrote of his prison experiences in the
powerful Ballad of Reading Gaol. He also wrote two leters
to the press advocating prison reform. Aside from this, his
literary output dropped to zor0. Tle was disheantcucd by die
lack of social acceptance. He spent some time in Italy but
‘nothing seemed the same. He lived aquiet life of comparative
poverty, entertaining a small circle of friends,

‘Unknown to Uscar, one of these friends was a retainer of
the Toreador Elder known as Endymion. Endymion tad
followed Oscar's career, and felt that perhaps the Embrace
would give him new inspiration. Endymion approached
‘Oscar in Paris in carly October. At frst, Oscar was sceptical
‘of Endymion's claims but, after an appearance at the Paris
Grand Ball on Halloween, he was ready for the Embrace
‘Oscar faked his own death a month later and joined the ranks
of the Damned.

‘Today, as Sebastian Melmoth, owner/creator of the Vamn-
pire Club, Oscar enjoys a great deal of fame and respect
‘among the Kindeed. He is regarded by his fellow Toreadors
‘asaprime example of what being a Toreador is all about. He
is a major figure among the Artistes and even the Poseurs
‘ivehim a grudging respect. Afterall, e'sthrownthelongest

‘continuing party anyone of them can remember and, if he has
his way, the party and the art will go on forever.

Sire: Endymion

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: Sixth

‘Embrace: 1900 (bom 1834)

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Physieul: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

‘Social; Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, appearance 3

Menta: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 7

‘Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 4, Intimidation 2, Lead-
ership 4, Subterfuge 4. Diplomacy 3, Intrigue 4, Poetic
Expression 5, Seduction 4, Sense Deception 3,

‘Skills: Etiquette 4, Bribery 3, Carousing 4, Debate 4, Fast
‘Talk 2, Game Playing 3, Journalism 3, Meditation 2, Public
Speaking 4, Writing 5

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (San Francisco) 4, Area
Knowledge (London) 2, Area Knowledge (Paris) 2, Art
History 3, Bureaucracy 2, Finance 1, Law 2, Occult 3,
Politics 2, Faerie Lore 2, History 3, Kindred Lore 4, City

Vampire Club 133


‘Scorou (San Francisco) 4, Literature 3, Lupine Lore 1,
Magus Lore 3, Theology 3

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 2, Dominate 4,

Presence 6
Backgrounds: Allies 6, Contacts 6, Stas 4,
Clan Prestige 5

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self Control 2, Courage $

Merits: Reputation, Prestigious Sire

Flaws: Intolerance (Poseurs)

Humanity: 7

Wutipower: 6

Blood Pool! Max Per Tarn: 30/6

Notes: Sebastian i aforceto be reckoned with in the world
of the Kindred. As the owner/crrator of the Vampire Club,
his privy to many secrets. Yet forall of tha, he remains a
gracious, fun-loving individual. He tries to spend as much
timeas possible with all the Kindred guests, Sebastian has a
sot spot in his heart for Caitiffs, as he knows what itis lke
to be an outcast

mage: A tall man with a slighily portly build. He wears

his dark hie long and his eyes seem to sparkle with wisdom
fand merriment. He dresses in whatcrer suits his fancy.

Lately, he has tended to favor black leather with silver chains,

Mayen: The Vampire Ciud

Roleplaying Hints: Be as gracious and witty as you can.
Beready with appropriate replies and be sure to quictly sneer
stany Toreador Poseurs who might cross your path. Use alot
of gestures and smile a lot except, when you talk about Ar.
‘Then become quite serious.

Tex R. Cainen ( Carson Longbaugh)

‘Nobody really knows much about Tex. He just showed up
‘onc night in 1921 carrying a guitar and a burlap bag fll of his
belongings. He played fora while down in the Black Hole and
hecame cloce friende with Schastian Molmoth. He had an

casy confident way with both kine and Kindeed and, a
result of this, Sebastian asked him in 1923 if he would like to
become the night manager of the Alexandrian Club. Tex
accepted and has been there ever since.

‘Tex was bom Carson Longhaugh in Brownsville, Texas in
1880. His father was said to be nono other than Harry
Longbaugh, the Sundance Kid. Carson never knew because
his father was never around. As a boy, Carson used to hang
around the saloons and bordellos and listen to the music. He
loved music, adit was his escape from the poverty ofhis life,

‘Carson got his first guitar when he was just 10 years old.

‘By the time he was 12, he was pertorming on the streets ot
Brownsville, where his snappy patter and smooth voice
‘soon made him a popular figure. In 1906, he was playing.
‘music halls throughout the Southwest, and it was said that
‘he could sing and play through the roughest brawls and
unfights. Nothing seemed to ratte him.

‘As the years wore on, $0 did Carson, The big break
always seemed to elude him. No matter how smooth his
paticr or sharp his playing, Carson scemed doomed to
always be a socond-stringes. He had just about resigned
himself vo this fate when his life changed forever.

Lorena wat a Toreador Anarch. She spotted Careon
playing a little dive in L.os Angeles in 1916, She took a
fancy othe cowboy blues singer. Carson couldn't believe
that someone as pretty as her would take a liking wo him,
batthey became lovers. She offered hima chance to spend
all etemity with her. It seemed like a good idea to Carson
and she Embraced him. They stayed together for five
‘years before disaster struck. Lorena was hunted down by
the Princeof Los Angeles. Keowing thatthe end was near,
she commanded Carson to goto San Francisco, hoping be
‘would be safe there,

‘With tears in his eyes, Carson packed his bag and hit the
road, Hearrivedr de Vampire Cluband has siayed there
‘ever since. To this day, Tex R. Cainen carries a small
Jocket with Loreaa's picture init and some Anarchs inthe
‘know talk about the role he played in the overthrow of
LAs Prince, To aus day, Tex sUll harbors some re-
sentment towards the Camarilla. He is, however, fiercely
Joyal to the Vampire Club and Sebastian Melmoth.

Sire: Lorena

134 World of Darkness


Clan; Toreador (Antiste Faction)

Nature: Cavalier

Demeanor: Mediator

Generation: Bighih

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

‘Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

‘Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 3, Braw! 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 2, Srverwise 2, Subterfuge 2,
Diplomacy 3. Intrigue 2. Poetic Expression 3. Sense
‘Deception 2, Singing 4

Skills: Etiquetic 4, Firarms 1, Melee 2, Music 5,
Bribery 3, Dancing 3, Fast Talk 3, Gambling 3, Pickpocket
12 Knowledge: Accounting 3, Area Knowledge(Sen
Francisco) 4, Area Knowledge (Los Angeles) 3,
Economics 2, History 2, Kindred Lore 3, City Secrets
(San Francisco) 3, Literature 2, Magus Lore 2, Bureau
racy 3, Finance 3, Law 2, Occult 2, Politics 3,
Spirit Lore 1

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Alles 5, Contacts 5, Retainers

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self Control 3, Courage 5

Merits: Calm Heart, Concentration

Humanity: &

Willpower: 5

Blood PooWMax Per Turn: 15/3

Notes: Tex's position as the night manager of the
‘Alexandrian gives him a great deal of power, and he is proud.
‘of the fact that be has never betrayed that trust. Tex is partial
towards Anarchs but his first loyalties are always to the
‘Vampire Club, He has Sired one Childe, Alice Babylon, who
‘uns the Cafe Prague over in Haight-Ashbury, Tex tics to
spend as much time with her as be can,

Image: A medium-size man with sandy blond haie and 2
‘moustache. Tex has a deep, mellow voice and favors West
‘em-style suits and cowboy boots.

Haven: The Vampire Club

Roleplaying Hints: Be mellow. Think mellow. Nothing.
bothers you, Spoak with a deep Texas accent if you can,
‘Always have a slight, enigmatic smile on your face.

Michelle Stevens

‘Michelle Stovens is the day manager of the Alexandrian
‘Club, She is also Tex R. Cainen's Ghoul. Most Kindred very
rarely soe her because by the time they get up and moving.
she's already gone to her apartment at the Westminster.

She has a two in all ber Physical Attributes and threes
everywhere clse, She has Bureaucracy and Finance at three
‘a8 wall as Diplomacy at two and Empathy at four.

Vampire Club BS


Where Light Fears to Tread...

How Can There be Hope?
